



Love Always Wins







Copyright 2017











































For family and friends














I

Staff Sergeant Mike Wilson was on guard duty for the third day in a row. He was starting to show signs of fatigue from the monotony of his job. A tall, stocky man in his late twenties, he had a build that immediately commanded respect, especially as a military police officer. Unfortunately, the look of an offensive tight end didn’t do him any favors during his annual PT test. It was a constant struggle to pass the waist measurement. The only good news was he had ample opportunity to work out and keep in shape during these deployments. 
This was his third deployment to Bagram Air Base, Afghanistan. Everything was the same; long days, oppressive heat, bland food and isolation. He wanted to finish his career and retire with twenty years of service, but with another twelve years to go, he couldn’t see that happening. Not if he wanted to stay married. His wife, Emily, was home with their three young kids and leaving her to be a single parent created a lot of strain on their marriage. He needed to be home as a full time father and husband, not disappear for six months every other year. 
His mind focused back on a lorry as it approached the checkpoint. This was something that had changed, and he was not supportive of the decision. The base was reaching out to the local villages and the city of Kandahar to provide some of the logistical support the base required. Everything had to be flown in to support this sprawling military compound. Commanders and politicians thought it would help build a partnership with the Afghani people if they contributed in providing some of the resources the base required. It would also create opportunities for the local economy, which would help better relations with the country.
As the lorry slowed, two Afghani soldiers approached the vehicle. A lone driver sat in it, staring straight at Sergeant Wilson. Feeling uneasy, he unslung his M16 rifle and pointed it in the direction of the lorry as he moved towards it. One of the soldiers mounted the step by the door to speak to the driver and look inside the cab. All of a sudden, the lorry lurched forward, causing the Afghani soldier to lose his balance and fall backwards. It began to accelerate as it drove forward towards the barricades. Sergeant Wilson immediately took aim at the driver and yelled, “HALT!” The lorry smashed through the guard bar and began to weave through the cement barriers. 
“BOMB! GET DOWN!” Mike yelled as he began firing into the cab. Fifty caliber machine guns opened up from atop their Humvees. The Afghani soldiers fired at the truck as well. But the driver crouched down and kept driving forward. As he drove through the barriers, he or the engine must have been hit because the lorry started to slow. It was now near the perimeter fence. There was a moment of silence as the lorry came to a stop. This isn’t happening, Mike thought with dread. And then it exploded.
The explosion was massive. It shook the whole base, as well as the nearby villages. All of the guards at the gate were killed instantly. Debris from the nearby vehicles was thrown hundreds of feet, as shrapnel rained down on the nearby tents and trailers. A pilot, who had been jogging near the perimeter fence, was also caught in the blast. It threw him several feet through the air as shrapnel flew by, some tearing through his flesh as it did so. When the smoke cloud finally started to dissipate, there was a scene of chaos and carnage as fellow soldiers and airmen ran to the aid of the fallen.

֎֎֎֎֎

Anne got the call at work. Her husband, Ricky, had been wounded. She was an emotional wreck after she hung up. Her coworkers immediately realized she had received tragic news. Typically reserved and in full control of her emotions, the uncharacteristic reaction signaled something was terribly wrong. Although petite and weighing only one hundred and ten pounds, her green eyes and long blonde hair usually attracted disproportionate attention whenever she entered a room. This was one of those times she didn’t want that attention.
She left work as soon as she finished the call, thinking she could be closer to him at home. She wanted to be by herself, with no distractions, so she could hear his voice if he were to call. And they said they would call as soon as they had more information. 
It wasn’t that far, and it was better this way. She had to get away from the office; away from all her coworkers who would try to comfort her. It will be okay, they would tell her; words that offered no comfort. They meant well, but they couldn’t possibly understand what she was going through right now. Her husband had been wounded by a suicide bomber. He was deployed thousands of miles away and she had no idea how bad it was; if he would even live. Couldn’t they have at least had better information before they called? 
She raced down one street after another in her 2013 Audi A3 Sedan. Her mind was all over the place, thinking unimaginable things and worrying about her husband. She couldn’t lose him. They had so much to look forward to. Their life together was just beginning. 
Anne never saw the light turn red. As the man in the pickup truck approached the intersection, the light turned green. He never stopped. His truck plowed into the driver’s side door, almost splitting the Audi in two. She never knew what hit her.

֎֎֎֎֎

At six feet, two, Major Ricky Jackson was the epitome of a fighter pilot; slender but muscular, thick brown wavy hair, blue eyes and dimples that seemed to make women melt when they met him. He didn’t remember much of what happened. He was jogging, there was an explosion and he regained consciousness in the Bagram hospital. He had shrapnel wounds to his left shoulder, right thigh and face. He was lucky. 
After they had stabilized him and stitched his wounds, the medical team put him in recovery where he remained for two days. Besides the deep lacerations, he had a slight concussion. A chaplain had come to see him when he woke up. He had the unpleasant task of telling Ricky his wife and child had died in a car accident. 
Ricky was confused and devastated. He didn’t even know Anne was pregnant. The only thing he wanted at that point was to get home and be there for the funeral. He wanted to see his wife one last time. The medical staff had him transported to Ramstein Air Force Base, Germany the next day, where they checked his status to ensure he was strong enough to continue the long journey home.
After arriving at Andrews Air Force Base, his best friend, Dave Brooks, was waiting for him. A couple of inches taller than his friend, he too presented the fighter pilot image. He had put on a few pounds since separating from the military but still had an athletic physique. With sandy brown hair and blue eyes, the two garnered many looks from wanton women. They were to continue the journey home on a commercial flight. 
Dave had flown in from Boston that morning and would accompany him to the funeral home. They had a flight reservation for that evening out of Reagan International Airport. There was still a lot to do before then. As soon as he was flown in from Ramstein, Ricky was transported to the Walter Reed Medical Center. Again, he was checked over by the doctors before he could out-process and be released for the funeral. Knowing the situation, they worked deftly and were able to process him in time for his flight to Boston. 
Dave and Ricky hadn’t said much up to that point. Once they were on the plane, away from the military chaos and able to talk alone, Dave tried to console his friend. 
“Anne’s parents flew in a couple of days ago. They’ve taken care of all the funeral arrangements. They are staying at your place, by the way.”
Ricky grimaced. He was tired, he was sore and his wounds were aching as they tried to heal. He put his fingers up to the stitches on his cheek and ran them across the sutures. Tears welled up in his eyes as he tried to come to terms with the events of the past few days.
Dave could tell he wasn’t happy with people being at the house, even if they were family. If it were him, he would want some space also.
“It’s helped them, Ricky,” Dave said. 
Ricky looked at him. 
“Staying at your house. Janet was able to pick out something for Anne to wear. She’s been going through photo albums and getting things ready for the funeral. They had the wake and viewing today at the funeral home. Her family is pretty devastated.” 
Ricky looked down in his lap.
“I didn’t think you would mind.”
“I don’t mind. Anne’s parents are great. I just don’t think I’ll be very good company.”
They fell silent. They plane was pushed back from the gate as soon as the passengers were boarded and seated. With the engines started, they taxied to the runway. The captain came on the PA and welcomed everyone on board. They were number three for takeoff. Once airborne, Dave tried to console his friend once more.
“I spoke to Jake.” Colonel Jacob Coleman, or Jake to almost everyone in the Guard unit, had kept in touch with Dave since he separated two years ago. An imposing man, he stood at six, six and had an air of authority about him. As squadron commander, his job had created a lot of stress in his life and age lines and hair loss had left telling signs. “Once you have healed and can get back to the unit, they are going to award you the Purple Heart.”
“Small consolation,” he said as he looked out the window and watched them accelerate down the runway. “Did you know she was pregnant?” he asked as he looked back at Dave.
“No. Anne’s mom told me the day before yesterday. Her family knew. Apparently she was keeping it a surprise for when you got home.”
Ricky sighed. He knew his friend was only trying to help. He had known Dave for almost ten years. They were best friends since Ricky joined the 121st Fighter Squadron. Dave was a couple of years older and had taken him under his wing as soon as he arrived. Ricky was an excellent pilot and they had flown many formation flights together; even deployed together on a couple of rotations. Although Dave had completed his military duty, they still worked together at Bain Capital Investments.
Ricky looked at him. “Thanks for picking me up.” 
Dave nodded.
“I want to go to the funeral home when we get there.”
“I thought you might. They will be closed when we get there, but the funeral director gave me his number. Told me to call as soon as we landed and he would drive over and let us in so you can have some time alone.”
“I appreciate that,” he said as tears streamed down his face. “I don’t know what I’m going to do, Dave.”
“I know. Hey, Amanda and I will always be there for you. You know that. You call either one of us, anytime you need to. If you need to talk or have someone come over and be with you, just let us know Ricky. You’re not alone, man.”
Ricky leaned forward and rested his head in his hands. The flight attendants were up now and started to serve beverages. As one of the flight attendants approached their row, she noticed Ricky. He had a cut across his cheek with stitches still in, and he was leaning forward with his head in his hands.
“Is your friend okay?” she asked Dave with concern.
“He’ll be okay,” he responded.
She asked if they wanted anything and Dave answered no for the both of them.
The flight was short fortunately. They taxied to the gate and went straight to baggage claim. By the time they were at the car, it was after nine. Amanda, Dave’s wife, had texted him to let him know Ricky’s parents and his younger brother, Rory, had made it in from Baton Rouge and were at the house. Malorie, his younger sister, was there as well. Dave called the funeral director and they made the short drive to Chelsea in silence.
When they arrived, the director opened the door as they came up the walkway. A portly man with a thick head of brown hair, Grant Stevens greeted them. He still had on his suit and tie, as though they were meeting during normal business hours. They shook hands and introduced themselves as they went inside.
“Thanks for letting us in,” Ricky said.
“I’m so sorry for your loss, Mr. Jackson. If there is anything I can do, please feel free to contact me anytime.” He handed Ricky his card and led them to the room where Anne’s body was being kept. He let Ricky in and closed the door so he could be alone. Ricky walked up to the casket and looked at his wife. Tears were flowing now as he took her lifeless hand in his. He ran his fingers across her face and gently pushed her blonde hair back behind her ear.
There was a chair nearby and he pulled it up next to her and sat down. He sat there, lost in time, and just looked at her. He put his hand on her belly. Crying, he laid his head down on her. He was thankful at least for the time they had together. He stood up and kissed her on her forehead. Placing his hand on hers one last time, He quietly said, Goodbye, my love, and walked out of the room.
Leaving the room, Dave could see he was an emotional wreck. His eyes were red and he had obviously been crying. It made Dave’s heart ache to see his friend. He put an arm around him. “Come on buddy; let’s get you home.” 
When they arrived at his house, there were cars out front. Even though it was getting late, everyone had stayed to see him. He walked in to find his family sitting around the dinner table. They all got up when the front door opened. 
Ricky’s mom, Christie, came over and gave him a hug. The southern matriarch was quiet and unassuming but there was an air of deference towards her from everyone in the family. She was careful not to squeeze too hard. They knew he had several wounds. Malorie and Amanda were next and then Anne’s mom. 
“I’m so sorry,” Janet said as she hugged him. Small in stature like her daughter, the loss of her only child seemed to make her seem that much smaller and frail. Crying, she was led into the living room by Malorie and Amanda. Anne’s father, Mike, followed them over to the sofa. Rory and Ricky’s dad, LaRay, came over and gave him a hug as well. 
Ricky didn’t know what to do. He wanted to leave; to be alone. Feeling trapped, he went into the kitchen and looked in the fridge. There was a few Corona’s. It was Anne’s favorite beer but she hadn’t been able to drink them since finding out she was pregnant. Ricky just stood there and looked at the bottles. Finally, he took one out and popped the cap off. He took a swig and turned to see LaRay, Dave and Rory standing there. 
“There’s more in there, if you want one,” he said. 
“How are your wounds healing?” LaRay asked. Ricky looked a lot like his father and their similarities extended in all facets of life, which is probably why they had always been close. His pride for his son was typically overtly obvious, but tonight seemed tempered because of the tragic circumstances. The situation would have probably contributed to his graying hair if he hadn’t already gone completely gray.
“Fine. I’ll have some scars; but they’re healing fine.”
“Look, I know you have been through a lot and probably just want to go to bed, so we are going to the hotel.” 
“You can stay here if you want.” 
“We have the reservation already set up. We’ll be back tomorrow morning before the funeral.” 
“Okay dad. Rory, are you staying?”
“I’m going also. Malorie is staying the night though.”
Ricky went to say good night to his family and they left for the hotel. Dave and Amanda left also. 
“Ricky, do you mind if we stay the night? We feel a little closer to Anne being here,” said Janet.
“It’s fine,” he said. “Why don’t you stay in our room; Malorie can take the guest room.”
“Oh no, we don’t want to put you out of your room, Ricky,” said Mike.
“Please, I would rather sleep on the couch right now.” He didn’t want to sleep in their bed. Not if Anne wasn’t there. Nobody said anything. 
Malorie finally got up and said, “I’ll get you a pillow and blanket.” She fixed up the sofa for him and they said good night as Anne’s parents retired to the master bedroom.
“You going to be okay?” Malorie asked with a raspy voice. Even though she was younger than Ricky, she acted like a second mom to him. They were always close that way, which is probably why she moved to Boston when he did. At five, nine, she looked a lot like Ricky with the wavy hair and blue eyes. She was as pretty as he was handsome. 
“I don’t know,” he said. “I just don’t know.” 
He sat down on the sofa and stared straight ahead. Malorie sat down next to him and they leaned back into the cushions.
“I’m sorry Ricky. About Anne and the baby.” 
“Me too, sis,” he said reflectively. “She was three months?”
“Yeah, about,” Malorie answered. “She was excited about making the guest room into a nursery. We went to look at baby stuff a couple of times. I was going to throw her a baby shower,” she said as tears ran down her cheeks.
“I can’t believe they called her like that. I can only imagine what she was thinking; how panicked she was. I’m sure she felt all alone when….”
Malorie turned towards him and put her arms around his neck. She kissed him on the cheek. She started to lay her head on his shoulder when he winced.
“Careful, Mal.” 
She sat up and immediately took her arms off of him. 
“Where are your wounds, Ricky?”
He pointed to his left shoulder and right thigh.
“Do you need to change the bandages?” 
“Not tonight. I think I’m just going to go to sleep. The doctors gave me some meds to help. I think they are on the table. Can you get them for me? And some water?”
“Sure,” she said getting up. She went to the kitchen and poured a glass of water. Grabbing his travel bag off of the table, she went back in and sat next to him. She took out his bottles of medication and he pointed to the one he needed. She gave him a pill and the water and he swallowed it down. Lying down, she put the blanket on him and said good night. He lay in the darkness and looked around the room. With only a sliver of moonlight penetrating the blinds, his sight slowly adjusted and he began to make out objects in the room. He focused on the pictures of him and Anne on the tables and mantle. He couldn’t see them very well, but he knew each picture. She was so picturesque; so beautiful. 
He thought about the baby. She had kept it a secret; a surprise belly bump for when he returned home. She had told Malorie and her parents, but had kept it a surprise for him. He was given a phone number while in Germany; a doctor on call when she arrived at the hospital. They had tried to keep her alive; they did everything they could. But when they finally realized she was pregnant, they knew there would be two casualties from the accident. He told the doctor he didn’t know she was pregnant. She told him she was sorry; she wished she could have done more. He thanked her and said goodbye. 
He knew he would never forget that moment the chaplain told him his wife and baby had died. He felt like his head was going to explode. Rubbing his temples, he closed his eyes and tried to stop thinking about it. It was an impossible task, but exhaustion eventually granted him some relief as he drifted off into a restless sleep.
He woke the next morning to Malorie gently shaking his arm. He blinked several times and tried to piece together where he was and what had happened. It all came back too fast. The escape from reality did not last long enough. He sat up and cringed at the aches and pain in his body.
“You want to take a shower and get cleaned up?” Malorie asked. 
“What time is it?”
“Almost eight. Janet and Mike are about to make some breakfast. We need to get you cleaned up.”
“Okay,” he said slowly standing up. He was a little unsure about his balance and put an arm around Malorie. She walked with him to the bathroom and he sat down on the toilet seat.
“Thanks, Mal.”
“You going to be okay in the shower?”
“Yeah, I just have to wake up. That pill really knocked me out. Jetlag’s not helping any. Can you get me a cup of coffee?”
“Sure.” She left him and returned a moment later with a hot cup of black coffee. “Here you go,” she said as she handed it to him. “I’m going to get your clothes together and put them in the guest bedroom; you can get dressed in there. I’ll bring your toiletries in here after you shower. If you want, I can help change your bandages.”
Ricky smiled and looked at her. “Thanks, sis. I might need some help.” 
She left him alone and he sat there for a while drinking his coffee. He was not looking forward to this day. He looked at his bandages and his mind kept going back to what happened. The hospitals. The wounds. The chaplain. It seemed surreal. He couldn’t believe Anne was gone. Today he would bury her.
He felt miserable. But he stood up and took his clothes off anyway. Turning the shower on, he looked at himself in the mirror while he waited for the hot water. He peeled off the bandages and stepped into the shower. The water washed over him. It felt good; cleansing. He carefully washed himself, paying particular attention to the area around the wounds on his thigh and shoulder. When he was done, he turned off the water and grabbed a towel. Drying off, he stepped out and wrapped the towel around him. 
Malorie knocked on the door as he sat down on the toilet. She brought his travel bag in and took out the fresh bandages. It was the first time she saw the extent of his wounds. With her hands shaking, she took a bandage and placed it over his thigh. Seeing she was upset by the sight, he grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
“You okay?”
“Yeah,” she said, fighting back tears.
“It looks worse than it is, Mal. Want me to do it?”
“No,” she said taking the tape. She cut some strips and placed them around the bandage. Next, she tended to his shoulder. When she was done, she looked at the cut on his face. 
“Do you want something for this one?” she asked as she touched his cheek with her thumb.
“Not for that one. Thanks, Mal,” he said standing up.
She threw the wrappers away and placed his bag on the floor out of the way. Looking at him, she put her hand on his forearm and squeezed.
“Call me if you need me,” she said quietly. She left him alone and he finished getting ready. When he was done in the bathroom, he went into the bedroom and put on the clothes Malorie had laid out. Walking into the kitchen, he saw everyone had made it back. They didn’t talk much, exchanging hugs and a good morning for the most part. Those that could eat did, although nobody had much of an appetite. 
When it was time to leave, they caravanned to the church for the mass. They arrived early enough so guests could pay their respects to Ricky and Anne’s family. Ricky was surprised at the number of people who attended. Anne was such a likeable person. She had many friends from work. It said and meant a lot to see so many at her funeral. Anne’s casket was up by the altar, surrounded by flowers; one beautifully, uplifting arrangement after another. 
Anne’s mom had selected the music and the priest paid tribute to a cherished member of the community. Ricky’s mind drifted in and out of the ceremony. He tried to remember little things about her. Memories of when they were dating, planning their life together and hanging out by the ocean.
Those were his fondest memories, when they went to the coast. Ricky had a boat, a thirty foot sloop, which was his pride and joy. He and Anne had sailed up and down the coast, exploring Broad Sound and every bay surrounding Boston. She loved sitting out on the deck with the wind blowing through her hair, watching Ricky tend to the sails and steer expertly through the open water. When they weren’t on the water, they would spend many afternoons near it, usually at Coughlin Park, where they could watch the planes landing across the bay at Logan International Airport. 
It was hard to concentrate with all of the thoughts going through his head. He seemed to go through the motions as they stood and sat and kneeled; only he didn’t kneel. It was too painful and so he sat. When the mass was over, they began the procession to the cemetery. They brought Anne’s casket to the hearse and the family rode in accompanying limousines. The procession seemed to extend as far as the eye could see, with a police escort leading the way. Their motorcycles zoomed by, blocking traffic at intersections, as the motorcade made its way, unimpeded. 
Arriving at the cemetery, the hearse made its way to the burial site. Anne’s casket was brought to the plot, which was already lined with flowers and chairs. More words were said to honor Anne. Ricky couldn’t help but notice the number of oak trees that dotted the cemetery. It probably seemed like it was shaded by one big canopy in the spring and summer. The trees hadn’t started to bloom yet, though, and Ricky could look through the branches and see the clouds in the sky. The air was cool but it was a beautiful day for late winter. He was thankful for that; not having to worry about the cold and the snow while they buried his wife.
When the ceremony was over, the people mingled for a while longer and again, paid their respects. Slowly, they drifted away until no one was left. Most everyone feeling a sense of loss, but going back to their lives and what they knew. For Ricky, he wasn’t sure what he would return to; his life had changed forever.

II

For months, Ricky kept withdrawn from most things. His wounds healed and he returned to Bain Capital. He and Dave worked together to bring in new clients. They managed a set of portfolios which had been the top performers in the firm for the last two years. This made their job quite easy, as their performance was all the advertisement needed to attract new business. Typically, they didn’t have to work the phones for new customers; the customers came to them.
Work was a great distraction for Ricky. He poured everything into his job and kept his mind on anything other than his personal life. Malorie and Dave both tried to help him work through his loss. Malorie spent a lot of time at his house; they went through Anne’s things, sorting what Ricky wanted to keep, what her family wanted and what needed to be donated to charity. It took several months to get to that point, but it helped him come to terms with his loss. Having been surrounded by all of her possessions, as if she still lived there, had a paralyzing effect on his psyche. It just wouldn’t allow him to have any peace.
After Malorie helped Ricky go through Anne’s belongings, she continued to visit him. Usually they watched TV or sat on the porch drinking beer together. Every once in a while, she would crack his shell and peer inside. There was still a lot of pain and guilt. He had taken on the responsibility of her death. If he hadn’t been injured, she never would have gotten that call. He felt as if it were his fault.
Finally, she went by Dave’s office one day during lunch, hoping to catch Ricky out of the office. The office secretary, Gwen, spoke to her when she arrived. “Good afternoon, can I help you?”
“Hi, I’d like to see Dave Brooks.”
“Do you have an appointment?”
“No, I’m Malorie Jackson; Ricky’s sister.”
“Oh my goodness, yes. I thought you looked familiar. I saw you at the funeral.” She kind of trailed off, looking down at her desk for a moment. Her eyes came back up on Malorie. “Is this about your brother?”
“Yes,” Malorie said, choking back tears. “I need some help.”
“Just a minute, sweetie,” Gwen replied, holding a finger up in the air. She immediately got up and marched straight to Dave’s office. Opening the door she said, “There’s a Malorie Jackson to see you.”
A moment later, Dave stepped through the doorway.
“Malorie. Hi.” Seeing she was distraught, he asked her to come into his office. They sat down at a table next to each other.
“What’s going on?”
“It’s Ricky. I feel like I’m losing him,” she said as tears ran down her cheeks. “I’m at my wits end. I don’t know what to do.”
Dave sat back in his chair. He sighed.
“I know. I can see it here. Not in his work. He actually has been nonstop since he came back to work. But he’s so despondent; absolutely no interest in anything social. I’ve even tried to get him to go out on the boat but he just tells me he can’t; he has too many memories of Anne with that boat. It’s like he’s buried himself in his work and has closed off anything that brings back memories of Anne.” 
Malorie folded her hands on the table in front of her. “I did manage to go through her things with him.”
“He told me. That was good Malorie. He needed to do that. I think we just need to include him in things we do on the weekends and after work. Going to dinner, a movie or baseball game, perhaps going to the beach; he needs to find fun again.” 
“He needs to find a reason to live.”
“You don’t think he might hurt himself, do you?” Dave asked, sounding concerned.
“I’m not sure anymore, Dave. I don’t think so. But he’s really depressed. I’ve never seen him like this. And he’s starting to blame himself for Anne’s death.”
“What?”
“He says if he hadn’t gotten hurt, she never would have been in the accident. It’s just a lot of guilt; he’s alive and she’s not. I think he feels it should have been him instead of her.” 
Dave and Malorie sat there in silence. They seemed to be at an impasse.
“I’ll talk to him Malorie. I think maybe you should call Rory or your parents and have them visit. It might make him feel better. In the meantime,” he said standing up, “keep doing what you’re doing. It’s helping, believe it or not. You are the most important person in his life right now and he thinks a lot of you.” 
He gave her a hug. 
“Thanks, Dave.”
“Anytime, Malorie. Let me give you Amanda’s and my cell number. If you have any more concerns, give us a call anytime.”
“I will,” she said as he gave her his card with Amanda’s number written on the back. “Good bye.”
“Try not to worry,” he called to her as she walked away. She turned her head and gave a wave, and then left.

֎֎֎֎֎

Malorie and Dave continued to help Ricky try to overcome his loss. Rory also came to visit for a few days, which noticeably lifted his spirits. He started to warm up to their invitations and would join Dave and Amanda or Malorie for dinner. They even went as a group occasionally. 
Dave continued to try to get Ricky back out on the water. He knew his boat would be therapeutic. Ricky loved the ocean and his boat. Denying himself that enjoyment prevented him from seeing the simple joys in life again. He was purposely punishing himself so he wouldn’t be happy.
After six months had gone by, Malorie decided to be more aggressive in her approach. It was the weekend and she had told him she wanted to go for a drive, and he agreed to go with her. When she picked him up, he asked where they were going. She said it was a surprise. She drove them out to the coast, on a strip of land that led to Deer Island. It extended out from the suburb of Winthrop and was where Coughlin Park was located. She could see Ricky fidget and sensed that this made him angry.
She parked the car and turned off the ignition. Looking at him, she said, “I want you to be happy again. You need to do what you used to do; what made you happy. Just sit out in the park with me for a little while. Give me half an hour and then I’ll bring you back home.”
Surprisingly, he didn’t argue with her. He got out of the car and walked over near the water. She caught up to him and they sat in the grass and watched the waves lap at the coast across the bay. The sounds were relaxing and rhythmic. It smelled like the ocean. Ricky looked up as a commercial airliner flew over head on its approach to Logan International Airport. 
They didn’t speak. They just sat there and took in their surroundings. Planes continued to fly overhead. After a while, Ricky lay back in the grass and closed his eyes. Malorie just sat with her arms around her legs, watching him. He seemed to be at peace; his face relaxed. He opened his eyes and looked at her.
“Anne loved coming out here.”
“I know,” she said softly.
“Sorry I’ve been so depressing,” he said, sitting up.
“You’re not depressing, Ricky. Depressed maybe, but I think that is to be expected, considering.”
He took in a deep breath of fresh air. “Thanks for bringing me out here.”
“I wasn’t sure how you would react. I’m kind of surprised you aren’t totally pissed at me right now.” 
Ricky didn’t answer right away. He looked back out at the water.
“I wasn’t sure either, to be honest. But I feel her here,” he said looking at Malorie. “More than I do at the house. I don’t really feel anything there. It just feels empty.”
Malorie put her arm around him. “So move.” 
He looked back out at the water. “I don’t know. I’ve actually thought about it. I don’t want to forget her though. I’m afraid if I move, I’ll forget her.”
“I don’t think you’ll forget her, sweetie,” she said rubbing his back. “You loved her too much.” She put her hand under his chin and turned his head towards her. “And you won’t forget about the baby either. You’ll always have them right here,” she said poking him in the chest. “They’ll always be part of you, no matter where you are. But it’s okay to let go. It’s okay to let yourself off the hook. It was never your fault. No matter what happened, or why, it just did. And you had no control over it.” 
Ricky looked at her as his eyes teared up. He put his arms around her and gave her a hug. They sat there in each other’s arms, crying. It was exhausting, keeping it bottled up inside. He was sad up until now, but he had never really let his emotions go. Today he did. He finally let himself grieve. He cried for his wife and their baby. He let it all out. 
When he was done, his whole body relaxed. Malorie lay down and Ricky lay next to her. They stared up at the sky and just listened to the ocean. They stayed there until the sun started to set. Finally, he stood up and held a hand out to Malorie. Helping her up, they went back to the car and drove to his house. When they got there, he opened his door to get out and then stopped.
“Maybe I will, Mal,” he said looking at her. “Move.”
“Just don’t go far,” she replied.
He smiled. “I won’t. Good night, sis. Love you.”
“Love you too,” she said as he got out of the car and walked up his sidewalk. She drove off, feeling so relieved at what had transpired. It was a breakthrough. Finally. 

֎֎֎֎֎

On Monday, Ricky went to work and his change in attitude was immediately noticeable. Having received a call from Malorie Sunday afternoon, Dave was relieved to see a change in his friend. Working on some quarterly statements all morning, they took a break for lunch. 
“Let me treat you to lunch,” he said to Ricky.
“It would be nice to get out of the office for a while,” he responded.
Dave drove them to a popular restaurant for suchi. They went inside, were seated and ordered a drink. Looking over the menu, they ordered as soon as the drinks arrived. It wasn’t their first time here and they ordered their favorite lunch plates.
“You’re looking a lot better today, Ricky.”
Ricky looked at him and smiled. “Thanks for being there, Dave.”
“You’re welcome. Malorie says you are thinking about moving?”
“I’m not thinking about it anymore. I’m going to move. I thought about it again last night and I’ve made my decision. I won’t be able to move on if I stay there; just too many memories of the past.”
“Want Amanda to help?”
“My favorite realtor? Yeah, will you let her know?”
Dave laughed. “I’ll call her this afternoon. You want to move to another house?”
“No,” he responded calmly. “I think I want to look for an apartment for now.”
“Have any in mind?” he asked inquisitively.
“No idea. Wouldn’t mind a place near work. And maybe closer to the coast,” he added.
Dave smiled. “Good,” he said approvingly. 
As their food arrived, Dave had a thought. “You know, Amanda’s sister lives in a very nice apartment complex. It’s in the general vicinity of where you want to be. I could have Amanda ask her if she knows of any apartments available. Either there or nearby.”
“Where does she live?”
“Samantha lives in the Garrison Square Apartments, if I remember the name correctly. They are just south of our office.” 
“Okay, yeah. That would help. I really don’t know much about apartment living in Boston. Couldn’t hurt to get some insider information. What was her name?”
“Samantha. She goes by Sam.” Dave was going to mention how pretty she was but stopped himself. He didn’t want it to appear like he was trying to set them up. He knew Ricky wasn’t ready for that.
“And the apartments, Garrison Square?”
“I think so.”
“I’ll Google them later. Thanks.”
They finished eating and went back to the office. That afternoon, Dave called Amanda. Looking nothing like her sister, the only real similarity was their little button nose. Beyond that, Amanda’s ravishing red hair and sparkling green eyes gave her the look of a true Irish lass. Shorter than Sam by two inches, she was dwarfed by her fiancé and often mistaken for Sam’s younger sister.
“Hey, baby,” she said went she got his call.
“How are you, my bride to be?”
“Feeling quite chipper actually.”
“Did you say chipper?”
She laughed. “Yes, I did. Just sold a house. I love it when it’s a hot market. Makes my job easy.”
“Well, I have another house for you to sale.”
“Who’s?” she asked with sudden interest.
“Ricky’s.”
There was a pause. “Is he sure?”
“He’s sure. He kind of had an epiphany this past weekend. Malorie kidnapped him and took him to Coughlin Park.”
“That was brave.”
Laughing, Dave replied, “Malorie’s very close to Ricky and she’s been pretty worried about him. I think she just got fed up with not being able to do anything and tried something out of desperation. And it worked. She got him talking and he told her he wanted to move out of the house.”
“Well, I can’t blame him. All of his memories there are with Anne. The house probably feels hollow now.”
“That’s what he said.”
“So where does he want to move?”
“To an apartment near work,” he responded.
“Well, that makes sense. Does he have any interest in something closer to the coast?”
“He mentioned that but I think he is more interested in his proximity to work. I mentioned Sam,” he added. “Thought you might be able to talk to her and see if she knows of a good place.”
Amanda thought about it for a moment. “I’ll ask her. I like her apartments.”
“I know. If there are any available there, he might want to take a look.”
“Okay, I’ll see what I can do. Tell him I want to come over to his house and get things rolling. He needs to be sure though, honey. Once I put it on the market, I don’t think it will take long to sell.” 

֎֎֎֎֎

After speaking to Dave, Amanda called her sister Sam.
“Hey, sis,” Sam said, answering the phone. 
“Hey, Sam. You working?”
“No, I have the day off. What are you up to?” 
“I’m meeting with the guy Dave works with. He wants to sell his house and move into an apartment.”
“Is he the one whose wife died recently?”
“Yeah, his name is Ricky. I'm probably putting his house on the market next week. I think he wants to move out as soon as it's for sale. Dave was thinking you might be able to help find an apartment for him. He wants to live around where you are because it's close to where he works. Can you find out if there are any apartments available in your complex or nearby?”
“I can check. I actually think my neighbors are moving out at the end of this month. I'll call the office and see what I can find out. As far as other apartments around here, I can make a list of those nearby.”
“That would be great Sam. When you get that information, can you pass it on to Dave?” 
“Sure. I'll probably get it to him tomorrow.”
“Thank you so much.”
“How's he doing by the way?”
“Dave? He's fine, just busy with work.”
“No, I mean the guy he works with. Didn't you say before he was having a pretty hard time getting over what happened?”
“Yeah, Dave said he was pretty depressed. He seems to think this will help though.” 
“Well, I'll find out when I can and let him know.”
“Thanks again, Sam. Talk to you later.”
“Bye.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Amanda called Ricky and set up a time to come by. She came over after work and they inspected the house. Not surprisingly, it was in extraordinarily good shape. Built in 1930, the seventeen hundred square foot home with its white exterior matching the picket fence had curb appeal. Anne was really proud of their Cape Cod style home and had done much of the interior decorating. The two-bedroom home had hardwood floors, a renovated kitchen with modern upgrades and new light fixtures. Still, there was always a honey-do list for Ricky to tackle. Amanda gave him some suggestions on things he could do before they put the house on the market.
“Ricky, this house looks great. Take care of those few things and it probably will sell as soon as it hits the market. You need to be ready to move soon if you want to do this.” 
“I was planning on looking for an apartment. I’d like to be out of here when it goes on the market. I prefer not being around when you are showing the house.”
“I think that’s best,” she said. “You just let me take care of everything. I have the name of someone who does home repairs. His name is Steve and he’s my go to guy. Let me give you his number,” she said as she looked through her phone contacts. She found his name and shared his information with Ricky. When his phone chimed, she said, “Give him a call, Ricky. He’s very reasonable and does a great job. You won't have to worry about it then and we can get the house on the market as soon as it’s ready.”
“I appreciate this, Amanda,” he said. “I’d like to be done with this as soon as possible.”
“I know, sweetie,” she said comfortingly. “Oh, I almost forgot. I spoke to my sister, Sam, and she's helping look for an apartment.” 
“Sounds great. Thanks again for your help.”
They walked back to the front door.
“Let me know as soon as he is done,” Amanda reminded him. “I can have it listed the next day.” 
“I will.” He gave her a hug. “Thanks again.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Ricky called the number Amanda had given him. He set up a time that afternoon. After work, he went home and found the repairman waiting for him. Sporting a beer belly and handle bar mustache, he didn’t exactly exude a high level of confidence. 
“Hi, are you Steve?”
“Yes, you must be Ricky.”
“Nice to meet you,” Ricky replied as they shook hands. “Thanks for meeting me so quick,” he said as they walked up the sidewalk to the house. “I'm thinking about moving and want to put my house on the market. Amanda O'Dwyer referred me. She said you were highly recommended.”
“Well, I appreciate that,” he said laughing. “Amanda gives me a lot of business. How about you show me around and then I can get you an estimate.” 
“Sounds good,” Ricky answered. “Follow me,” he said as they went inside.
They walk through the house and Ricky pointed out everything he wanted addressed. When they were finished, they went back to the living room. Steve checked over his list he had made and went over it once again with Ricky. 
“Overall, this is not bad. I'll send you a quote later this evening. Can I get your email address?”
“Perfect,” he said as he wrote it down. “Any idea when you will be able to fit me into your schedule?”
“Actually, I have some time this weekend. If you want, I can probably take care of everything on the list then.”
Ricky gave him his pen back and shook his hand. “I see why Amanda refers you,” he said smiling. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Things moved fast over the next week. Sam sent an email the next day to Dave with the information he requested. As it turned out, her neighbors had already vacated the apartment and it was available. There were two other units vacant as well. Dave forwarded the information to Ricky, who was quick to contact Garrison Square. With the amount of time available, he had to jump at any opportunity that was out there. This was extremely close to his office and would be ready in a week. Having been referred by Amanda’s sister, he felt this was the safest option.
Over the weekend, he had the repairs taken care. While Steve worked on the house, Ricky went over to the apartment complex and got a tour of the apartment. It was a lot smaller obviously and he wasn’t sure where everything would go, but he liked the layout and the location. He signed a lease and went back to the house.
On Monday, Ricky let Amanda know the house was ready. He told her he took the apartment her sister mentioned and would be moving some things over that week. 
“Perfect, Ricky,” Amanda responded. “I want to stage your home so don’t take everything yet. I’d like to come over and give you an idea what to move and what to leave.” 
She helped him plan the move and the next weekend, a moving company packed what was to be moved when his apartment was ready. He left enough furniture to make the home still look lived in and everything else went to the apartment.










III

On moving day, with the house now on the market, Ricky was left with supervising the move into the apartment. He hoped it would not be long before the house sold and he could move what was left. Standing outside, he watched as the movers unloaded the truck and brought his furniture and boxes into the apartment. It was beginning to feel like summer and he enjoyed the warmth of the sun with his eyes momentarily closed. He didn’t notice a beautiful woman walk up behind him.
“Hey, neighbor. Looks like you're almost moved in.” 
Ricky turned around and was momentarily speechless. She was absolutely stunning as she came walking towards him. With long black hair, dark brown eyes accentuated by perfectly shaped eyebrows and an impeccable smile, every feature seemed to be flawlessly shaped and aligned. In fact, women would probably kill to have her long, full eyelashes. Dressed in blue and black striped leggings and a New England Patriots hoodie, she had an aura of confidence and charisma all rolled into one. Standing about six inches shorter than Ricky, he guessed her to be about five, eight. 
“You must be Sam.”
“And you must be Ricky,’ she said laughing as they shook hands. “Glad to meet you.”
“Glad to meet you too, Sam. Dave didn't mention how pretty you are. Kind of took me by surprise.”
“Well, thank you.” 
“I guess I have you to thank for the apartment. Dave said you helped find this place.” 
“Wasn't too hard to find. I live next-door,” she said pointing to her apartment.
“I guess not,” he laughed. “So you weren't kidding when you said neighbor. It's good to meet you, Sam.” 
“You too, Ricky,” she said. “Listen, Dave told me about you losing your wife. I'm really sorry.”
“Thanks…,” Ricky said as he looked away.
They said nothing and just stood next to each other.
“Well, I better get inside,” she said. “If you need anything, just let me know.”
“Thanks, Sam. I will. Nice to meet you.”
“You too. Don’t be a stranger,” she said as she walked back to her apartment.

֎֎֎֎֎

Later that evening, Ricky walked over to Sam’s apartment. He needed to take a break from unpacking. Too many memories he still couldn’t escape. He knocked on her door.
Sam came to the door in black leggings and a Red Sox t-shirt. She had a bottle of Amstel Lite in her hand.
“Well, hi.”
“Hi, Samantha. Got a minute?”
“Sure, and call me Sam. Want a beer?”
“That would be great, thanks.”
He went inside and looked around her apartment. With the same layout as his, it was nicely decorated with a very comfortable looking cream colored couch, fireplace and entertainment center in the living room. The dining area had a dark mahogany table in the center with a matching hutch displaying a set of china. The colors gave the space a sense of warmth and didn’t seem overdone.
“Make yourself comfortable,” she said as she walked into the kitchen. 
Ricky moved into the living area and did a quick tour around the room. On her fireplace mantle, she had several family photos. He recognized Dave and his fiancé, Amanda, in some of the photos. 
She came back in with his beer and saw him looking at the pictures. Walking over, she stood next to him and handed him his beer. 
He looked at her as he took the bottle. “Thanks.”
“How long have you known Dave?” She said as she tipped her bottle in the direction of the picture. 
“I guess about ten years now. We were in the Air Force together and came over to Bain Capital about the same time.”
“That’s right. You’re an investment guy. And still in the Air Force?”
“Yep, but not for much longer. I have about a year left in the Guard. How about you? I think Dave mentioned you are a nurse.”
 “I am. I work at the children’s hospital.” 
“Impressive.” He turned and went to sit down on the couch. Sam followed and sat by him, with one leg crossed under her.
“Sorry about earlier today. I still don’t know how to respond to condolences for what happened. I haven’t really talked about it much.” He looked at her and she was looking back at him with a sympathetic expression. She patted him on the shoulder.
“It’s okay, Ricky. I can only imagine how painful it is and how uncomfortable it is to talk about it. I guess that’s why you moved?”
“Yeah. Had to get out of that house. Time to move on.” They were quiet for a while and then Sam broke the silence by changing the subject.
“You like baseball?”
“Yeah, apparently not as much as you though. Dave told me your family was pretty fanatical when it came to the Sox.”
“That sums us up pretty good,” she said laughing. “There’s a game coming on actually. I was about to watch it with a friend, if you want to join us.”
“I should get back. I need to finish unpacking unfortunately. Still a lot to go through.”
“Well, if you need some help, I’m available.” 
Ricky looked around her apartment. “Judging by your apartment, I may take you up on that. This is really nice.”
“Thanks. Amanda helped. I really like it; very homey and not over done.”
“That’s going to be my problem. I’m trying to downsize from a house to an apartment. Too much stuff.”
He looked at his beer and then back at Sam. “Well, I should get back. Thanks for the beer.”
“You’re welcome, neighbor,” she said as they got up.
“Come over anytime, Sam. I could use your decorating advice.”
“I’ll do that. Thanks for coming over Ricky. It’s nice having a friend as a neighbor.”
He turned and looked at her, then held his bottle out and clinked hers. “I’ll drink to that. Take care. Hope the game goes well.”
“Ugh, me too. They’ve already started the season in a slump.” 
With that, he walked back to his apartment. Sam watched him as he walked away and she slowly closed the door. Nice guy. Sad about his wife. It must be tough having to deal with that and then move from the home you shared. She decided she would check in on him soon and see how he was getting along. Looking at the clock on the wall, her mood changed as her shoulders slumped down. Chad’s late…again.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam made it home before rush hour the next day. She was on an early shift but at least it wasn’t the graveyard shift. It was nice getting home at a regular time. The mornings were brutal but she liked being home for dinner. 
As she walked up the sidewalk to her apartment, she looked over at Ricky’s door. Wonder if he’s home, she thought. She made a detour and went to knock on his door. After knocking a couple of times, she gave up and made her way back to her place.
Once inside, Sam dropped her purse and keys on the table. She went to her bedroom and took off her clothes. Time for a shower, she thought. Standing by the tub, she turned on the water and let it run over her fingers until it warmed up. Then she stepped in and put her head under the cascading water. It felt so good to stand there and feel the warmth of the water. She washed her hair and lathered up with her loufa. 
When she was done, she turned the water off and grabbed a towel. Putting the towel up to her face, she stood there for a moment. Then she ran the towel over her wet body. She towel dried her hair until it was just damp and then brushed it. Walking back in the bedroom, she pulled some clean clothes from her dresser and put them on. 
Hungry, she wanted to order some dinner but thought she would check again to see if Ricky had made it home yet. She went next door and knocked. This time he answered. He had just gotten home and managed to kick off his shoes and pull off his tie. 
“Hi, Sam.”
“Hey there, neighbor. How’s the unpacking going?” 
“Slow,” he confessed.
“Are you getting settled in?”
“Yeah, I think so. It’s starting to look like it’s lived in.” They stood there for a moment, before Ricky realized they were standing in the doorway.
“I’m sorry. Forgetting my manners. You want to come in?” he said as he stepped back and opened the door all the way.
“Sure. Have you eaten?” she said as she walked in. Ricky closed the door behind her and they walked to the kitchen.
“No, actually I was just thinking about that. You?”
“Nope, and I’m starving.”
“Want to order something?”
“Okay. What do you feel like?” she asked.
“Interested in Chinese?” he said opening the refrigerator door and grabbing two beer bottles. He held one up towards Sam, seeing if she was interested.
She reached out right away and took it. “Thanks. And yes. I was actually kind of hoping you would say Chinese,” she said with a grin. “I know a great place.” She took out her phone and searched the number. “It’s called Shun’s Kitchen. Do you know what you want or do you want me to order something for the both of us?”
He looked at her as he took a sip of his beer and smiled. “Uh, yeah. You can order for us; since you know the place.” She looked up at him and smiled. Then she dialed the number and turned to go into the living room. Ricky watched her go around the corner and then followed her. After ordering a couple of entrees, they sat down on the dark brown leather sectional sofa and drank their beer. 
Sam looked around the room to see what Ricky had done so far. It was starting to get some personality. Nice furniture; good taste. And lots of boxes. One box was opened and sat by the fireplace. A couple of pictures were on the mantle. Sam walked over to look at them closer.
There was one with Ricky and a pretty blonde woman. She looked back at him. 
“Is this Anne?”
“Yeah,” he said quietly as he got up and walked over to her.
“How long were you married?” she asked looking at the picture.
“Four years.”
She didn’t want to push. She looked at another picture. It was a picture of Ricky with another woman and man. 
“Who are they?”
“That’s my younger sister, Malorie,” he said pointing to her in the picture, “and that’s my younger brother, Rory.”
She looked at him. “Where are you from, Ricky?”
“Louisiana,” he said walking back to the couch and sitting down.
She followed and sat next to him with her legs up under her. “A Cajun, huh?”
“As much as you are a Red Sox fan.”
“That much?” she said laughing.
He nodded his head. “Yep. What about you? I know Amanda fairly well. I think you have a brother?”
“Yes, Brian. Amanda is older than me and Brian is the youngest.  You know my dad was military.”
“Amanda mentioned that. Army, right?”
“Yes, almost thirty years. He retired as a Chief Master Sergeant before moving to Boston.” 
“Quite a career. How was it growing up as an Army brat?”
She laughed. “A little harder than Air Force life.”
He smiled. “Touché.”
She laughed again. As she turned her head, she noticed a guitar in the corner of the room.
“Is that a Martin?”
“You know your guitars.”
“Do you play?” she asked, tipping her beer bottle towards the guitar.
“Yeah, I do.” He got up and went over to it. Picking it up, he put the strap over his head and strummed a few notes. He walked over to the sofa and sat back down. He kept strumming the guitar and then stopped. “Do you?”
“No, always wanted to learn but I never did. Brian plays. In fact, he’s in a band. They play sometimes at a pub near my parent’s house. I take it you like music then?” 
“Definitely. What kind do you listen to?”
“It varies,” she said. “Depends on my mood. You?”
“Same, I guess. I enjoy Country, especially playing on the guitar.”
“Oh yeah,” she said with interest. “I like Country. I like a lot of the older Country though. Willie, Waylon; that time period had some great talent.”
“Yes, it did,” he said as he started to strum the music to Mamas, Don’t Let Your Babies Grow Up To Be Cowboys.
She laughed. Ricky loved her laugh; it was infectious. Her smile brought warmth to her facial features and drew you to her supple lips. Her brown eyes were mesmerizing. He stopped playing and looked at her. “I can teach you, if you want.”
She thought about it for a moment while she looked at him. “I may take you up on that, cowboy.” They were interrupted by the doorbell. Ricky got up, put the guitar away and went to the door. Sam followed. The delivery man was there with the Chinese food.
“Hey, that was quick. We’re hungry, so thanks for that.”
The man handed them their food and smiled. “You live real close. That makes you satisfied customer. Total is 23.95.”
“Yes it does,” Ricky said as he handed the food to Sam. 
“Ricky, I have to go get my purse,” she realized. 
“Don’t worry about it Sam. Take the food into the kitchen and get us some plates.” He then took out his wallet and handed the man thirty dollars.
“Thanks again,” he said as he started to close the door.
“Oh, thank you. Enjoy your supper.” With that he left and Ricky went to the kitchen. Sam looked at him, “Thank you. I’ll pay you back later.” 
Ricky walked over to her and grabbed a plate. “Not to worry. I know where you live,” he said giving her a playful nudge as he looked inside all of the open containers. “I think you got enough here for a small army.”
She laughed. “I like the leftovers for lunch. These are my favorite dishes. I thought we could just sample from all of them?”
“Sounds good to me.” He opened the refrigerator. “Another beer, glass of wine or water?”
“I could use another beer, thanks.” He popped the caps off two Heinekens and as Sam finished making her plate, she took one from him. Then he made himself a plate and joined her at the table.
“This is fun,” she said to him. “I hardly knew my last neighbors. They were a couple from somewhere, I don’t even know what country and they kept to themselves. We said hi in passing and that was pretty much it.”
“Do you know any other residents here?”
“I know a few. My schedule is so crazy though, it’s hard to get to know anyone or spend much time doing so.”
“You work a lot of night shifts?”
“I do. It kind of varies week to week but a lot of times I am either going in before sunrise or working the graveyard shift. When I come home, all I want to do is sleep.”
He nodded his head as he ate an eggroll. “This is great. I’m going to have to get a list from you of all the places I need to order takeout from.”
Laughing, she held her hand to her mouth as she chewed. “Yeah, I kind of live off of takeout. I’m not much of a cook and I either don’t have time or don’t want to cook for just one person. So,…” she nodded as she pointed to her plate with her fork.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Sam and her best friend, Becky, were on the same shift. A few years her peer, Sam had latched on to Becky the first day she started at Children’s Hospital. There wasn’t anyone more knowledgeable about working a nurse’s schedule. Becky knew it like a science and was quite astute when it came to maximizing her time at work. As a single mom, her livelihood depended on being resourceful and independent. She had her mom and Sam as her safety net, and they tag teamed whenever Becky was in need of a babysitter for her adorable son, Ethan. Witty and charming, Sam enjoyed her company, especially when they went out. Although a comely woman, she tended not to date much, simply because her son came first in her life. 
With time to slip away for lunch, Sam called her sister to join them. They met Amanda across the street at Au Bon Pain. They each ordered their favorite salad and fixed their drink. After finding a table, Becky asked Sam about her new neighbor.
“So, have you met Ricky?” Becky knew he was moving in, as she had been informed by Amanda earlier in the week. 
“I have. Amanda has known him for some time. We had dinner together last night.” Amanda had been texting on her phone when she and Becky looked at Sam.
“You two had dinner?” asked Amanda as their salads were brought out to the table.
“Yeah. It was no big deal,” she said, as if to answer their looks. “He asked me about a good place for takeout and I recommended Shun’s Kitchen.”
“And so you both ordered something and ate together?” said Becky inquisitively.
 Sam waved her fork in the air as she took a bite of salad. “Really, it’s no big deal. I know he’s had a rough time so I’m just trying to be nice to the guy.”
Becky tilted her head and rolled her eyes.
“What was that for?”
“Isn’t that the guy that just lost his wife in a car accident?”
“It is,” said Amanda, looking at her little sister, trying to read her for more information. 
Sam looked perplexed. “I was trying to be nice. I know he’s been through a lot. There’s nothing going on so you two can stop with the third degree,” she exclaimed as she pointed her fork at them. 
Becky laughed at this and they proceeded to finish their lunch and discuss Amanda’s upcoming wedding.

֎֎֎֎֎

At work, Ricky was working with Dave on some financial portfolios. They were talking about investment strategies and decided to take a coffee break. There was a Keurig in the reception area, so they took their cups for a refill. Dave hadn’t yet asked how the new apartment was working out.
“Well, how is the new place?”
“Great, actually. Closer to work, much smaller space and a nice area to live in,” he summed up.
Dave laughed. “Yeah, I guess downsizing took on a whole new meaning going from a house to an apartment. Have you met Sam?” he asked as they made their coffee.
“Yes, as a matter of fact. She introduced herself a couple of days ago. We’ve chatted a few times since then and had dinner together last night.”
“Seriously? You guys went on a date already?”
“Wasn’t a date. I asked her for a good take out place and she ordered some with me. We just ate together.”
“She’s a real looker, isn’t she? Rotten taste in guys though. Her current boyfriend is a real piece of work. I’ve had to endure a couple of double dates.” 
Ricky laughed. “Sounds brutal.”
“Every boyfriend she’s ever had has treated her like crap. There was one guy that did a fake proposal to her while being televised.”
“What?” Ricky said with shock.
“They were at a Red Sox game and they do this kiss on camera thing.”
“Yeah, I’ve seen that.”
“Well, the camera turned on them and he planted a big kiss on her and then pulled out a little ring box like he was proposing. Some red paint sprayed into her face when he opened it. Lucky she closed her eyes at the last second or I’d be in prison right now for killing the guy.”
“Wow, ballsy move.” 
“Speaking of which, I’m not sure how his are doing. Right before she stormed out, she kneed the guy in the nuts and put him on his knees.” 
They both laughed.
“No idea why she puts up with it. But maybe you living next to her will put some perspective on what a nice guy looks like,” he said as he patted Ricky on the shoulder.
Ricky smiled. “Thanks.” They went back to the table and got back to work.

֎֎֎֎֎

Over the weekend, Ricky really wanted to make some headway on the apartment. Amanda had called to let him know she had sold the house. He was surprised it happened so quickly. He needed time to go through what was in the apartment before he could move what was left in the house. 
Fortunately, most of what remained in the house was furniture and Ricky had a plan for that. He told Malorie and Dave they could have anything they wanted once the house was sold. Most of what remained would be donated to charity. Any boxes he would take back to the apartment and consolidate those items as well.
With only a few boxes left in the living room and kitchen, Ricky decided to tackle his bedroom, where most of the boxes were. He finished his lunch, grabbed his beer and was heading in that direction when there was a knock at the door. Reversing direction, he went to answer it. Opening the door, he saw Sam standing there in a pair of black Capri leggings and a purple and black striped sports bra. Her black wavy hair fell over her shoulders. 
“It’s my gorgeous neighbor,” said Ricky. “Hi, neighbor.”
“Hi, Ricky,” she said smiling. “I thought I would check on you to see if you needed any help unpacking.”
Stepping back so she could come in, he said, “I was just heading to the bedroom. Most of my boxes are back there.” Sam walked in and took a look around. Except for a couple of boxes, everything seemed to be put away in the living and dining areas.
“You have made some progress,” she observed. “What smells so good?”
“I had some leftover étouffée for lunch.”
“What is that?” she asked, following him into the kitchen. 
Ricky took a container out of the fridge and opened it. Peeking inside, Sam saw what appeared to be a stew with chunks of shrimp.
“It’s a Cajun dish. You ever been to Louisiana?”
“Nope. I’d like to go to New Orleans some time though.”
“Well, this is the clam chowder of New Orleans. It’s traditionally served over rice.”
“What kind of meat is that?” she asked pointing.
“Shrimp. In Louisiana, we use crawfish. You hungry?”
“I am,” she confessed.
“Grab a beer out of the fridge and I’ll heat some up for you.” 
He got a bowl out of the cupboard and spooned some rice from the rice cooker. Then he scooped some étouffée and poured it on top. Tossing it in the microwave, he took a baguette and pulled a piece of bread off. He pulled a tray off of the counter and placed the bread on it. When the microwave chimed, he took out the bowl and set it beside the bread with a spoon. 
“Come on. You can eat and keep me company while I go through some boxes.”
They went back to the bedroom and Sam sat up on the bed. She crossed her legs and Ricky put the tray down in her lap.
“Enjoy!”
She laughed. “Thank you so much! It smells heavenly.” Taking a bite, she closed her eyes and said, “Mmmm.”
Ricky just looked at her and smiled. “Glad you like it.”
He continued to unpack as Sam ate. With several boxes open, he took out clothes and either put them in the closet or dresser. Books he separated to either give away or store in his closet for now. Pictures he didn’t spend too much time with. He put them all in a box and slid them in the closet.
“You don’t want to put any out?” Sam asked compassionately.
“I have some out. I want to keep these, but I need to go through them and scan them to my computer. I don’t think it’s a good idea to have it look like a shrine in here. There’s enough out,” he said as he looked around the room. 
Sam was glad to hear he wasn’t consumed with keeping Anne alive. She could tell he missed her and loved her, but in a healthy way. He was right. Creating a shrine around him would not have been good for him. It was sad to see him grieve but from what Amanda had told her, he had come a long way in the grieving process.
In one of the boxes next to her, there was a black container on top. It looked like something jewelry came in. Picking it up, she asked, “What’s this?”
Ricky looked at what she was holding. “It’s a military medal,” he said.
“Can I open it?”
Turning his attention back to the box he was working on, he answered, “Yeah, if you want.”
Opening the lid, Sam peeked inside. “Ricky, this is a Purple Heart,” she exclaimed.
Stopping for a moment what he was doing, he looked at the box in front of him. 
Sam looked at him. “Is that how you got the scar on your cheek?” It had been on her mind for a while and figured this might be a good time to ask.
He put his hand up to the scar and rubbed his fingers across. He hesitated but then said, “I was wounded in Afghanistan. A suicide bomber blew a truck up by the front gate and I was jogging nearby.” 
“Oh, I’m sorry. Were you hurt badly?”
“I have some scars from the shrapnel.” 
“And you received the Purple Heart for being wounded?”
“That’s right,” he said. He seemed uncomfortable talking about it.
“I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” she said. “I’m glad you’re okay, though.” 
“Thanks.” He paused, “It was after I was wounded that Anne died in the car accident. They called her and said I was wounded. She left work…and must have been in a panic, and she ran right through a red light.”  
Sam was silent. She knew from Dave that this was really hard for him. She didn’t mean to get into a conversation about it. Closing the lid, she put the container back in the box. Setting the tray on the bed, she stood up off the bed and knelt down beside him. Putting her hand under his chin, she raised his head and rubbed her thumb across the scar.
“I’m sorry, Ricky. I shouldn’t have brought it up.”
He looked at her and his face relaxed. “It’s okay, Sam.  It is something I have to accept. I’m getting there. Thanks…for caring.” 
Sam put both of her hands on her lap as she knelt beside him. “Well, now that you’ve fed me, put me to work, cowboy.”
Ricky sighed. “I guess you can move some of these giveaway boxes to the living room. It’ll help clear the bedroom and make it look like I made some progress.” 
Sam laughed as she stood up. “Okay. These boxes here?” she said pointing.
“Yes,” he answered. “Thanks, Sam.”
He slowly made his way through the rest of the boxes and finally had the room cleared. Walking back into the living room, he surveyed what he needed to bring to a charity.
“Not bad,” Sam observed, looking at the boxes. 
“Any idea where I can donate this stuff?” he asked her. “It’s mainly clothes, books and household items.”
Sam thought about it for a moment. “I think they take donations at a place near the hospital. If you help me load it in my car, I’ll drop it off on my way to work.”
Ricky gave her a look of disagreement. “Sam, I can’t let you do that. It’s asking too much and some of these boxes are heavy.”
“It’s the least I can do for someone that cooks like you,” Sam responded. “I want to be on your good side, so come on and help me load them.”
Ricky shook his head and laughed. “Okay, I appreciate it.” They carried a couple of boxes to her green 2010 Jeep Wrangler. It had a black hardtop with matching interior.
“I like your car,” Ricky exclaimed as they walked up to it.
“Thanks. I got it right out of college and I love it. It handles the roads well in the winter.”
They put the boxes in the back and then went to get the rest. When they were done, Sam said. “Well, I better get back to my apartment. Thanks again for lunch.”
“Thank you. It feels good to have so much accomplished. I actually have more things to bring from the house. Your sister sold it in record time, so I really needed to get this done.”
“That’s Amanda for you. She’s great at her job.”
There was an uncomfortable moment when they were about to go inside. Ricky wanted to give her a hug for helping but felt uneasy. Sam gave him a hug instead.
“I’m glad you’re my neighbor, Ricky. You’re a nice guy.” 
As she walked over to her apartment, Ricky watched her. 
“See you around?” he asked.
“Count on it,” she said as she looked back his way.



















IV

Sam was supposed to go out with Chad after work. She was driving home when he called to cancel. He had to work late and would have to do it some other time. She hung up with him and called Amanda.
“Hey, Sam,” Amanda said when she answered.
“Hey, sis,” Sam replied.
“What’s up?”
“Driving home from work. I just got a call from Chad. We were supposed to go out tonight and he cancelled last minute.”
“Sounds like him.”
Sam didn’t say anything, mainly because she agreed with her sister. 
“You want to come over for dinner?” Amanda asked.
“I haven’t been over in a while,” Sam said. “You don’t mind?”
“Of course not.” 
“Okay, I’m going home to change first and then I’ll come over. Want me to pick anything up?” asked Sam.
“No, just come over when you want.”
They hung up and Sam drove the rest of the way home. As she was walking up to the security gate, another woman approached. She looked familiar.
“Hi,” Sam said.
“Hi, will you let me in? I’m here to visit someone.”
“Yeah, sure,” Sam said a little uneasily. Then it dawned on her. “Are you Malorie?”
“Do I know you?” Malorie asked.
“No, I think you know my sister Amanda though. I’m Samantha O’Dwyer.” 
“Oh, yeah, Dave’s wife, right?”
“Yes. I recognize you from Ricky’s pictures.”
“You know Ricky?” she asked surprised.
“I’m his neighbor,” she said.
As they approached Ricky’s apartment, his door opened.
“Hey, ladies.”
“Hey, Ricky,” Sam said. 
Malorie gave him a hug. “Thought you were going to let me in? Didn’t you get my text?’
“I did, but I was busy in the kitchen.”
“Hmm, domesticated, huh?” Sam said amused.
“Haha. I know my way around the kitchen,” he replied.
“He’s actually a pretty good cook,” Malorie chimed in. 
“I know,” Sam said. “I had some of his étouffée.”
“You want to join us, Sam?” Ricky asked. 
“Thanks. I just came home to change. I’m headed over to Amanda’s.” 
“Okay, tell her I said hello.”
“I will,” she replied back as she opened her door. “Nice meeting you, Malorie.”
“You too, Sam.”
“See you later,” Ricky said as he waved and he and Malorie went inside.
“She’s cute,” Malorie observed, looking at her brother.
Ricky looked at her and raised his eyebrows.
“Just on observation,” Malorie continued. “Don’t you agree?”
“Not really looking, Mal,” he said matter-of-factly. “You hungry?” he asked as he went into the kitchen.
“Famished. What did you make?”
“Jambalya.”
“Yummy,” she said excitedly.
Malorie went to the fridge and got a bottle of water and a Sam Adams for Ricky. She sat at the table as he brought the food over. They chatted about family and caught up while they ate. Malorie was relieved to see the move agreed with him. He was definitely happier and she was glad to see it.
֎֎֎֎֎

After changing, Sam drove over to Amanda's townhome. She lived in South Boston and did extremely well as a real estate agent in that area. It was through her job that she came across her townhome.
When she found it, it was in pretty bad shape. Having an eye for interior design, she bought the distressed property at a greatly reduced price. Using most of her savings, she had the interior gutted and completely redesigned to give it an ultra modern look. The townhome easily doubled in value when she was finished. Her father was convinced she had missed her calling and should have made a career of flipping houses.
Sam arrived before Dave made it home from work. She let herself in and found Amanda in the kitchen.
“Knock, knock.”
“Hey, sis,” Amanda said as she put down her glass of wine. They hugged and Amanda offered Sam a glass of Chardonnay.
“So what's the deal with Chad?” Amanda asked with a disapproving tone. She knew Sam could do much better; it was hard to see her treated this way. And she didn't have any problem letting Sam know what she thought of the guy. 
Sam didn't answer. She drank some of her wine and when Amanda looked at her, she just shrugged her shoulders. Not wanting to defend the guy, she changed the subject.
“What are you making for dinner?”
Amanda just shook her head and smiled. “Pork chops and au gratin potatoes.”
“Oh, that sounds good,” Sam said, having successfully dodged the third degree from her sister. “Is it almost ready?” 
“Yes, and Dave is late. I need to text him and find out when he's getting home.” She picked up her phone off the counter and sent him a text. He responded within a couple of minutes.
Sorry. Walking to car. Home in 30.
“Okay, he's on his way. About thirty minutes and dinner will be ready by then, so that's perfect,” she said thinking out loud.
“You getting excited?” Sam asked.
“About the wedding?” Amanda clarified. It was a safe assumption since they always spoke about it.
“Of course,” Sam said with a laugh. 
“I am,” she said excitedly as they walked over to the dining table and sat down next to each other. “Planning it is super easy with Dave. He didn't want to burden mom and dad with the cost of the wedding, so he’s pretty much covering it all.”
“I’m sure that made dad’s day,” Sam said laughing. “He’s probably more popular than you.”
“Haha,” Amanda replied. “Anyway, he let me plan the wedding without having to worry about what everything cost. I still try to be reasonable, even though it's easy to get carried away. But it's been so stress free.”
Sam took her hand. “I'm so happy for you.” She gave her a hug.
“Thanks, sis. You want to see the brochures for our honeymoon?”
“Of course!”
Dave had planned a ten day cruise through the Mediterranean. They would begin in Barcelona, cruise around the southern coast of France, around the boot of Italy and finish in Greece.
Amanda brought her the brochures and they looked at them together.
“Okay, I'm officially jealous,” Sam said begrudgingly. 
“And the best part, when we get back, Dave is selling his townhome and we're keeping my townhome!”
“I thought you guys were looking for a house.”
“We were, but I love my townhome.”
“You did an exceptional job on it, Amanda. I remember what it looked like when you bought it. I think dad thought you lost your mind!”
They both laughed. Amanda got up to get some more wine. She brought the bottle over and refilled both glasses. 
Setting the bottle down on the table, she asked, “So, you see Ricky around?”
“I hung out with him Saturday, actually,” she replied nonchalantly. 
Amanda gave her a look. “Oh really?”
“I can't be nice to my neighbor?” she asked as she swatted at Amanda's arm.
“You like him?” Amanda asked inquisitively.
“He's a nice guy; a little guarded. I doubt he's looking for a relationship though and I'm just trying to be friendly. I thought that's what you and Dave wanted.”
“It is,” Amanda replied, although in the back of her mind she wished things could be different for her and Ricky. He'd make a great match for Sam, she thought.
“I met Malorie when I got home from work today.”
Amanda smiled. “I like her. She's like Ricky’s twin, they’re so close; really sweet. So, what did you guys do?”
“Talked a little. I helped him unpack some of his stuff.” Sam laughed. “He's got too much for that apartment. It will never fit.”
“Is he getting rid of some of it?” Amanda asked as she looked in the oven. 
“Slowly. He has a lot of boxes to go through. Did you know he has a Purple Heart?”
“Yeah,” Amanda said as she closed the oven door. “It’s almost ready.” She sat back down next to Sam. “Did he say what happened?”
“Kind of. He didn't want to put it out on display.”
“He got it when he was wounded in Afghanistan. It was right after that his wife died in a car accident. She was driving home after they contacted her and told her he had been wounded.”
“I know,” Sam said retrospectively. “He's been through a lot.”
Just then, the door opened and Dave walked in.
“Sorry I'm late,” he said as he came over and gave Amanda a kiss. He rubbed Sam on the head like a little kid. “How’s my favorite sister-in-law?”
Sam giggled. “I’m fine, Dave. Thanks for asking.” 
As he went back to the bedroom to change, she yelled back to him, “And I’m your only sister-in-law!”
Amanda laughed at their banter. She pulled the dish out of the oven and her and Sam set the table. When Dave came back to the dining room, dinner was ready. Amanda got them each something to drink and then sat down to eat. 
“So, what’s going on with you, Sam?” asked Dave.
“Not much, Dave. Just work.”
“How do you like the new neighbor?”
“Ricky?” she asked rhetorically. “Nice guy.”
“I hear you guys had dinner the other night?”
Sam looked at Amanda and then at Dave. “Is that what Amanda told you?”
Amanda put her hands up in the air. “Whoa, I didn’t say anything. Leave me out of this.” 
Dave looked at Sam, not expecting it to be a big deal. “What’s the matter?”
“Nothing,” replied Sam. “It’s just everyone’s acting like we had a date, but all we did was eat together.”
“You mean, like a date?” Dave said as he continued to badger her.
Sam pointed her fork at him. “You’re cruising for a bruising.”
Dave and Amanda laughed.
“Did Ricky imply it was a date?” asked Sam.
Dave finally got serious.
“No, he didn’t. He said he asked you about Chinese food and you recommended a good place.” 
Sam kept an eye on him as she continued to eat. “How long ago did his wife die?”
Dave looked at her. “A little over six months now. Did he talk about her?” he asked as Amanda looked on.
“No, he didn’t really mention her. I was just wondering.”
Dave started to go though the story again when Sam stopped him. 
“I know. He told me.” Sam was quiet for a moment. “He was in the Reserves with you?” she asked.
“In the Guard. He’s still in. I think he has Guard duty this weekend. And I think he may finally go back on flying status soon,” he said to Amanda.
“Oh, that’s good news,” she responded.
“He’s an F-16 pilot like you were?” Sam queried.
“Yeah. When he was wounded in the blast, he suffered a minor concussion. They took him off flying status as a precaution. It’s been almost seven months now, so I bet he’s pretty anxious to fly again.”
“He doesn’t seem like a fighter jock,” Sam observed.
“What is that supposed to mean?” asked Amanda.
“Oh nothing. I just thought they had a reputation to be kind of arrogant and cocky.”
“Hey,” Dave exclaimed.
Sam giggled. “I’m kidding. He’s a nice guy. And so are you.” 
Amanda shook her head. If she didn’t know better, she would swear they were actually brother and sister the way they carried on.

֎֎֎֎֎

A few days later, Ricky stopped by Sam’s apartment as he was coming home from work. She answered the door while texting on her phone. Looking up, she saw who it was and smiled.
“Hey, sorry, texting with Amanda.” 
“Quite alright,” Ricky said. 
“So, what’s up? Haven’t seen you in a few days,” she said as she turned and started walking into the living room.
“Yeah, I had Guard duty. Had to go to Maryland for a few days,” he said, following her in.
“Aaah. Thought I scared you off.”
“Why would you think that? You introduced me to some great Chinese food.”
She smiled as she sat down on her couch and pulled a foot up in front of her. With her arms around her leg, she said, “I still haven’t gotten you that list you requested.”
“Well, I have been out of town so fortunately, I survived. But, I’d still like some help with the best local cuisine.”
“Did you have plans for dinner tonight?”
“Actually, no. That’s why I stopped by. I was wondering if you knew of a good pizza place.”
“You’re in luck, my friend. I know of a great place and it is just down the street. Want to order a pizza?” Realizing he may have just wanted the phone number, she quickly said, “I mean, if you don’t have plans.” 
“No plans, Sam. We can order one or, if you want, we can walk there if it’s not too far.”
“It’s not, just two blocks away, she said as she stood up. I’m just in some casual stuff, if that’s okay.” She had on black leggings with green stripes through them and a t-shirt. 
“You look great. I need to change though. Meet you out front in ten minutes?”
“Yeah, sure. I just have to put my shoes on.” 
“Okay,” he said as he headed for the door. Ricky walked back to his apartment and changed into some sweat pants and a thermal shirt. After putting his running shoes on, he grabbed his wallet, cell phone and keys and went to the door. Walking outside, he saw Sam already standing on the sidewalk. He locked his door and joined her.
“Ready?”
“Yep, it’s this way,” she said pointing in the direction.
“What’s the name of the place?” asked Ricky.
“Antonio’s. Some of the best pizza in Boston.”
“Looking forward to it.”
“You have to let me treat you though. I owe you for the Chinese.” Before he could protest, she held up a finger and said, “And no arguments.” 
He laughed. “Okay, no arguments.”
They walked the rest of the way, while they engaged in small talk and enjoyed each other’s company. When they arrived at Antonio’s, Ricky held the door open and they went inside. There was a selection of pizza behind a glass partition as they went up to the counter. The pizza looked phenomenal and there was a variety to choose from. They waited in line, while they looked at the many options. 
When it came time to order, Sam ordered a slice of veggie while Ricky asked for a slice of meat lover and a slice with “the works”. The pizza was slid into the oven to reheat and the cashier rang up their order. Sam paid and they took their cups to fix their drink. They sat down at a table and there pizza was brought out to them as soon as it was pulled from the oven.
There wasn’t much talking as they devoured the pizza. It was as good as Sam had claimed, if not better. The slices were big, but they didn’t try to impress each other with knives and forks. They just picked up the slices and savored every bite.
“Wow. You weren’t kidding, Sam. This is some of the best pizza I’ve ever had.”
“I told you. I love this place. Always satisfied when I’m done and thankful I have to walk home afterwards to shed some of the guilt.”
Ricky laughed as he continued to eat. “You can’t feel guilty about this though. This is fantastic.”
“I wish Chad enjoyed it like you do. He always talks about how we shouldn’t eat it and it will make me fat.”
There was a moment of silence. Ricky just continued to eat.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t be talking about boyfriends. That was rude.”
“You don’t have to be guarded around me, Sam.” 
“Bad subject. I should avoid it. Relationships seem to be a weak area for me anyway.”
Ricky hesitated. 
“What?”
He nodded his head to the side and said, “Dave kind of told me about the KissCam incident.”
“Oh my God!” she said, louder than expected. Some customers sitting nearby looked her way. She put her hand up to shield her face and quietly said, “I can’t believe he told you about that.” She looked down at her plate in embarrassment. 
“Sam,” Ricky said quietly.
She looked at him but didn’t reply. 
“That was a very mean thing he did. I felt really bad when Dave told me the story.” 
She looked back down at her plate while she picked at her slice of pizza. “It was so embarrassing. I don’t know how I get into those situations. Bad judge of character, I guess.”
“Dating is hard,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “You never know about people until you get to know them. And you kind of have to get close to them to allow that to happen. Don’t stop trusting people just because you had some bad relationships.”
“What are you, my dad?” she said, looking at him quizzically.
He laughed. “Sorry, didn’t mean to sound like that.”
She looked back at her pizza. “Have you dated since you lost your wife?”
The question kind of took him by surprise. He stopped chewing and then took a drink of water. 
Sam held up her hand. “Sorry. I know it’s another bad subject.”
He looked at her. He really hadn’t spoken about losing Anne to anyone except Malorie and Dave. And even then it was guarded. He just never wanted to deal with it. 
“No, I haven’t even thought about it to be honest. I don’t think I’m ready…not sure if I ever will be,” he said as he rubbed a napkin between his hands as he stared off into the distance.
Sam raised her eyebrows and kept quiet, uncomfortable with the direction she took the conversation.
Ricky sensed he was been stand-offish in his answer, so he changed the subject. “Hey, you’re two for two on the picks, neighbor.”
She laughed. “I told you I know the best places around our neighborhood,” she said as she took another drink and chewed on some ice.
“Well, shall we walk some of this off?”
“I think it’s about that time.” 
They got up and walked back outside. On the way home, they talked some about their families and work. Arriving at their apartments, Ricky said, “Hey, thanks for dinner.” 
“You’re welcome, cowboy.”
He smiled. “I have to come up with a nickname for you, if you keep calling me that.” 
“Well, make it a good one. Something nice.”
“I will. See you later, Sam. And thanks again.”
“Oh, I almost forgot. Can I get your phone number? I thought since we are neighbors, we might exchange numbers.”
“Yeah, of course. Call me so I can get yours also.” She took out her cell and he gave her the number. A moment later, his phone rang.
She hung up. “Great. Text or call if you ever need anything.”  
“Hey, you too.”
She headed to her door. “Good night.”
“Good night,” he replied back.

֎֎֎֎֎

On Saturday, the girls had plans to shop for Amanda's bridal shower and wedding registry. Becky arrived as Sam was finishing up getting ready. She texted Sam to let her know she was outside and Sam replied for her to let herself in. Becky walked in the bedroom to find her in a bra and panties, blow drying her hair.
“Hey gorgeous,” Becky said as she came over and gave her a hug.
“Morning Beck. Sorry I'm running late. Just a few more minutes.”
Becky sat on the bed and waited. Amanda arrived a few minutes later.
“Is anybody here?” she called out.
“In the bedroom,” Becky yelled.
Amanda rounded the corner and waved at Becky.
“Morning,” she said.
Becky got up and gave her a hug.
“How are you?”
“Could have used some more sleep this morning, but I'm excited to do the registries.”
“Where are you registering?” asked Becky.
“Pottery Barn, Macy's and Williams Sonoma,” replied Amanda. 
“Ooh, this is going to be fun,” Becky exclaimed.
Sam came out of the bathroom and threw her clothes on. She grabbed her phone out of the bathroom and dropped it in her purse.
“I'm ready,” she said as Amanda gave her a hug.
“Well, let's go,” Amanda responded. They left the apartment and Sam locked the door. As they approach the gate, Ricky came walking up from the other side. He had been jogging and his T-shirt was covered with sweat.
Sam unlocked the gate as he pulled his ear buds out of his ears. 
“Hi,” he said as he saw the girls exiting the gate.
“How are you, Ricky?” Amanda asked as she gave him a hug.
“Good,” he answered. “What are you ladies up to?”
“Registries,” she said. “We are making the rounds to set up my registries for the bridal shower and wedding.”
“Aah,” he replied. “Sounds…fun.”
The girls laughed.
“Ricky, do you know Becky? Becky, this is Ricky,” Amanda said introducing them.
“Hello, handsome,” Becky said flirtatiously while shaking his hand.
Ricky smiled. “Okay, I feel a little outnumbered here.” 
The girls laughed. They let him by as they continued to the car.
“Bye, Ricky,” Sam said as she passed him.
“See you later, Sam.”
“BYE, RICKY!” Becky said loudly as she waved her fingers at him.
Amanda put her arm around Becky. “Come on, cougar,” she said.
As they got in the car, Becky commented about how ruggedly handsome Ricky was.
“Wow, what a hunk. I like the little scar on his cheek.”
“He’s such a nice guy,” commented Amanda. “That scar came from a suicide bomber in Afghanistan.”
“That’s so awful,” Sam said quietly. “I hate hearing that story.”
“I wish I could have been the one to nurse him back to health,” Becky said playfully.
They all laughed.
“So, have you had dinner with him again?” asked Becky.
“We went for pizza last night,” Sam said while looking out the window.
Wondering why it was so quiet, she looked at Amanda and Becky and saw them staring at her.
“Just pizza, people. My gosh. You two are like a couple of high school girls.”
“Maybe,” said Becky laughing, “but you and Ricky have gotten pretty close in my opinion. How many times have you gone out now?”
“We haven’t gone out,” Sam corrected her. “We’ve had dinner a couple of times.”
“And you helped him unpack,” Amanda added.
Sam looked at her sister. “We’ve talked about this. And I am dating someone else.”
“Ah, yes, charming Chad,” Becky said. 
Amanda started laughing. 
“How is Chad these days? Has there been a spotting of him recently?”
“I see him a lot,” Sam said defensively.
“He’s like Bigfoot, Sam,” Becky retorted. “I never see the guy.”
“So, what are you saying? I made him up?”
Becky got serious for a moment. “I’m saying I wouldn’t trust him. There’s something else going on.”
“What, like another girl?” asked Amanda.
“It would explain why he only shows up when he’s looking for a little tail,” Becky said. “I’m sorry, Sam. He’s just a shallow person. I don’t like him. And I think he’s taking advantage of you.”
Amanda didn’t say anything. She thought Becky was spot on. It’s what she had been thinking herself.
“Can we change the subject?” Sam pleaded.
“Sorry. No more boyfriend talk,” Becky replied as she massaged Sam’s shoulders.
Williams Sonoma was the first stop. The girls went in and began the process of filling the registries with gift items they all dreamed about. The appliances, bakeware and utensils are kitchen favorites for anyone that dabbles in the culinary arts, from home cooks to professional chefs. Their innovations in kitchenware are in many ways pioneering, as the store itself was when it was opened in the wine country of California in 1956.
After selecting several items Amanda felt she could not do without, she registered online for a bridal shower and wedding and listed the kitchenware on the registry. From there, they continued on to Macy’s to select china and glassware. Afterwards, they completed their shopping spree at Pottery Barn. 
Proud of their accomplishment and now more excited than ever for Amanda’s upcoming nuptials, they decided to celebrate by stopping at The Cheesecake Factory for a late lunch. It was, of course, followed by cheesecake for dessert; a fresh slice of strawberry cheesecake and a slice of the ultimate red velvet cake cheesecake. They set both in the middle to share.









V

Not having cooked much since he moved, Ricky decided to make spaghetti for dinner. He stopped by the market on the way home from work. He enjoyed cooking; Cajun food was his specialty and Anne had become a huge fan of his jambalaya, gumbo and étouffée. Tonight though, he would make it simple. Spaghetti was simple, and quick. 
After putting a pot of water on to boil and making the meat sauce, Ricky made some garlic bread and put it by the oven. When the noodles were done, he would put the bread in. Once the noodles were in the water, he decided to run to the mailbox. He hadn’t checked much since moving in, but he figured his mail should be routed to the correct address by now. 
As he was walking back, he thumbed through the mail to see if there was anything important. There wasn’t. Looking up, he saw Sam coming through the gate. He walked in her direction as he returned to his apartment, and as he got closer, said, “Hey, beautiful.”
Sam looked up and saw Ricky and smiled. “I like the nickname.” 
“You look worn out.”
“I am. Long day.”
“I'm making some dinner. Want to join me?”
“Depends.”
“On what?” Ricky asked bemused.
“What are you making?” she asked playfully.
Ricky laughed. “Spaghetti and it's pretty hard to mess up.”
“You haven't tried my spaghetti.”
“So? Join me?”
“I'd love to. Let me go change and I'll be right over.”
“Don't take too long. It's almost ready.”
She didn’t take long. Changing into some shorts and a tank top, she hurried over to Ricky’s. As she walked in, she saw him setting the table. 
“Table for two, please.”
He looked up at her and laughed. 
“I happen to have one table available, ma’am.” Pulling out a chair, he tapped it a couple of times with his hand. “Come sit down.”
She walked over with her hands together under her chin and slid into her chair as she eyed him with a mischievous look. He smiled and shook his head. 
“Hope you’re hungry.”
“Famished! Bring me some vittles, cowboy.”
He brought the spaghetti and salad over and placed the bowls on the table. 
“We’re missing bread.” He walked back over to the kitchen and brought back a basket of hot garlic bread, wrapped under a towel.
“Wow, this looks fabulous.”
They passed the bowls around and served themselves. As they ate, they talked about their families, friends and baseball.
“You’re quite the sports enthusiast, Sam.”
“Not really. Just baseball. My father loves the Red Sox. He used to take us to games at Fenway and turned us all into loyal fans. What about you? And don’t tell me you’re a Yankees fan.”
He laughed. “I’m not. I’m a Red Sox fan. I enjoy going to a game every once in a while. I’ve gone with Dave on occasion.”
“I think I remember Amanda mentioning something about that.” Without thinking, she said, “We should go sometime.”
Ricky stopped chewing and looked at her. “What, you mean like a date?” he said as he waved his fork around.
“I didn’t mean it to sound like that. I don’t think Chad would like it if I was going on dates with other guys. I mean, just as friends. We could even get Dave and Amanda to come along.”
“That sounds like a double date to me,” he said, trying to give her a hard time.
“Whatever,” she said as she giggled. They continued eating. “Spaghetti’s good.”
“Thanks. Maybe we will,” he said after a pause. “You know, go to a game.”
She smiled and kept eating. When they were done, they took their wine into the living room and sat down. Sam sat back on the couch and put her hand on her stomach.
“I’m stuffed. I think I’ve gained weight since you moved in.”
Ricky started to laugh. “Sorry.”
She looked over at the guitar. “You really think you can teach me how to play?”
“Sure. You want your first lesson?”
“Okay,” she said. “But you can’t laugh.”
Ricky put his wine down, got up and went to get the guitar. “It’s not complicated Sam. You know, there are different levels of guitar playing. Some songs only require knowing two or three chords. I think the hardest thing,” he said as he picked it up and walked back to the couch, “is placing your fingers on the strings. It can make a different sound if you have them in the wrong spot.”
He sat down on the coffee table in front of Sam as she sat up. He placed the guitar in his lap and put his left hand on the fret board. “The first two chords I’ll teach you are A and E, or A Major and E Major.” He showed her where to place the fingers on the strings and frets for both. 
Then he handed Sam the guitar and she rested it on her lap. He helped place her fingers on the strings. Then he had her go back and forth between chords as she slid her index finger between each one.
“Not bad. The key is keeping a rhythm. There are some good songs to practice with. For What It’s Worth is a great beginner song.” 
Sam stopped and laughed at Ricky’s enthusiasm. “Okay, I definitely believe you can teach me. But I need to call it quits for tonight. I’m beat and I have to get up early tomorrow.”
She handed the guitar to Ricky and he put it back on its stand. 
“Thanks for the lesson and the delicious dinner. It was very sweet of you.”
“Glad you could come over. Maybe we could have a dinner on occasion and invite some of our friends. It would be a chance to get together.” 
“Yeah, I’d like that. I’m sure Dave and Amanda would enjoy it. Can I invite Chad?”
“Sure, and if there is anyone else you hang out with, include them.” 
“You know, we can also meet somewhere to eat. Brian plays at a couple of bars with his band. We can go and listen to them play.”
“Sounds like fun,” he said as he pulled a key off of the table by the door. “Hey, would you hold a spare key for me? Since you’re Amanda’s sister, I think I can trust you.”
“Uh, yeah. Okay,” she said as she took it. “Amanda has my spare, if that’s okay.”
“It is. Just in case I lock myself out.”
“Okay, Ricky. Thanks again for dinner. We’ll pick up where we left off with the guitar lessons.”
“Don’t forget what I taught you.”
She laughed. “I won’t, promise. Good night.”
“Good night, Sam.”

֎֎֎֎֎

At work the next day, Dave and Ricky were going over asset distributions for their new clients. They took a break and went down to the Blue Glass Café, located at street level of the John Hancock Tower. It was a casual spot that served breakfast and lunch, with a penchant for healthy food choices. It was reasonably priced and had an outdoor seating area. As nice as the weather was, they opted for a table outside.
Dave had eaten breakfast that morning but Ricky only had a bagel and was quite hungry. He ordered a club sandwich, toasted on rye with a side of fruit. He didn’t really want fruit but he didn’t want chips either. Dave, on the other hand, was interested in a fruit cup so he offered to take it off his hands. They were brought a couple of glasses of ice water with lemon and left alone until the food was ready.
“I saw Sam last night,” Ricky mentioned.
“You’ve being seeing quite a bit of her lately.”
“Not really. I mean, we’re neighbors and we have a lot in common. So, it’s just nice to have someone to hang out with.”
“I get that,” Dave said understandably.
He watched Ricky. The two had been through a lot together. When Ricky joined the Guard unit, they immediately hit it off and were inseparable. Dave was two years older than Ricky, but they both loved the outdoors and were good at sports. Dave thought he was an outstanding pilot; he could maneuver his F-16 with the skill and finesse of a glass blower. As recognition of his ability, he had been invited to participate in Red Flag twice.
Red Flag is an aerial combat training exercise held at Nellis Air Force Base in Nevada. It was started in response to the poor performance of Air Force pilots during the Vietnam War. The intent was to maximize combat readiness using realistic combat training scenarios in a vast training area about half the size of Switzerland. Ricky and Dave both participated in an exercise where they were assigned to the friendly, or Blue, team. Because he performed so well, he came back the following year as an aggressor on the Red team. 
Dave was elated when Ricky expressed interest in following him to Bain Capital. He wasted no time in introducing him to the senior managers at the firm and with a stellar resume, Ricky was hired to work alongside Dave recruiting new clients. It turned out Ricky was a natural; his personal charm and confidence made them the top recruiters in the firm.
The tragic events in Afghanistan and the loss of his wife were difficult for Dave to witness. He knew it didn’t hurt him as much as it did Ricky, but it sure felt like it. There were times he wasn’t sure if his best friend would pull through. The fact that he saw Ricky almost as a little brother made it even worse.
It was Malorie that made the difference. She never gave up on him. With the patience and love of a caring sibling, Ricky finally came around and a little glimmer of hope started to peak back into his life. Then he moved and Dave picked up on a change right away. It was a glimmer in his eyes; something Dave hadn’t seen since Anne. It was Sam, he was sure of it.
“You know, Amanda thinks you and Sam are a good match.”
Ricky laughed. 
“What?” Dave asked. “You don’t like her?”
“It’s not that. I remember the first time I saw her; the day I moved in. She’s absolutely gorgeous. I was speechless.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“You know what the problem is,” Ricky replied. “It’s too soon. I’m not rushing into another relationship. I just think that would be disrespectful to Anne’s memory.”
“You’re just a nice guy, Ricky. And she’s as nice and caring as you. That’s why you two get along so well. It’s admirable your devotion to Anne and I don’t think you should rush into anything either. Especially if it’s something you don’t want.”
The waitress finally brought their food out. Ricky passed the fruit to Dave and focused on his sandwich. 
“Speaking of hanging out with friends, Sam and I were talking about having a weekly get together for dinner or something.”
“I like that idea,” Dave said. “I’ll mention it to Amanda. Who else were you planning on inviting?”
“Malorie, Brian, Becky…Chad.”
“Oh…”
Ricky laughed. “She suggested it. If he’s her boyfriend, it only makes sense he would come also.”
“I guess,” Dave answered resignedly. “I just really hate being around the guy. He’s a jerk.”
“Well, maybe he won’t show. I understand he makes himself sparse quite often.”
Dave nodded his head in agreement. “I like the idea though. Maybe we could get a group text going and plan a day we can do this. Where would we meet?”
“We can rotate. I’ll start. Just need to come up with a day and time.”
“Okay, talk to Sam and Malorie. I’ll get Amanda to check with Brian and Sam can coordinate with Becky and what’s his face.”
Ricky laughed as he finished his sandwich. When he was done, he paid the bill and they went back to work.

֎֎֎֎֎

Later the next morning, Ricky was working at his desk when his phone rang. He had just gotten to work and was hoping to get organized before phone calls. It was his cell though, not his work phone. He looked at it. It was Sam.
“What’s up, Sam?” he said as he answered.
“Hey, Ricky. I need a favor. They are spraying my apartment for bugs and I was wondering if I could hang out in your apartment if you weren’t getting sprayed.”
“I’m not. I may need to though if you are,” he laughed.
“Haha, very funny. I don’t have bugs.”
“Why are you letting them spray then? That stuff is bad.” 
“Well, I don’t have bugs and I want to keep it that way. So, can I hang out at your place?”
“Yeah, sure.” 
“Thanks, neighbor.”
“You bet. See you later.”
“Bye.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam left her apartment as soon as she hung up. She was tired and it was time for a nap. She unlocked the door to Ricky's apartment and walked in. He had a nice place. Clean, neat and a good taste in furniture. And it smelled good. Nothing like Chad’s place; in fact, the total opposite. What was it she saw in him? she wondered. 
Closing the door behind her, she walked back to the bedroom. Ricky wasn't so perfect; his bed wasn’t made. She closed the door and straightened the covers on the bed. There was a throw blanket on a chair. She grabbed it, lay down on the bed and threw the blanket on top of her. Heaven. She was asleep in seconds. 
When she woke, it was already twelve. She had been out for almost four hours and it seemed like only minutes. Time for coffee. She made her way to the kitchen and got the Keurig going. Pouring a cup, she took a sip. Mmm. She had dropped the need for sugar and cream long ago. Simplicity was best when it came to drinking coffee while working late shifts as a nurse. And she liked the taste and aroma of a good coffee. Ricky definitely had good taste in coffee, she thought. 
Being in his apartment, scantily dressed with no bra on, for some reason made her feel frisky. She could go get her toy. Why not? She was in the mood. Walking quickly to her apartment, she went to her bedroom, grabbed it and wrapped it in a hand towel. They had not sprayed yet, so she would have to go back over to Ricky's. 
The thought of doing it in someone else's apartment kind of turned her on. Sam walked back to his apartment and went to the bedroom. Closing the door, she pulled her clothes off and threw them in the chair by the bed. Then she lay down in his bed. This won't take long, she thought. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Dave walked in to Ricky's office. 
“Hey, do you have the portfolios for this month's new clients?”
“They’re at the apartment. I was going to go over them this weekend and create a spreadsheet. Why?”
“Well, I'm not busy right now and thought I would do it.” 
“That would be great! Frees up my weekend. It's lunch time. I could go grab some sandwiches and swing by the apartment.” 
“Yeah, if you don't mind. The regular for me, turkey and Swiss on wheat, with all the veggies and mayo.” 
“Okay, I'll head out now. Thanks, Dave.” 
“You bet.” 
Ricky decided he would swing by the apartment first. The sandwiches would be fresher that way. He didn't live far and it only took fifteen minutes. When he got there, he unlocked the front door and went in. Completely forgetting his conversation with Sam, he walked to the living room and grabbed the file. 
As he turned around, he heard something. It was coming from the bedroom and sounded like a moan. A continuous moan and it was getting louder. He then remembered Sam had called to come over. Was she in his bedroom with someone; Chad maybe? He couldn't believe it. Fighting the urge to leave and confront her later, he decided to catch them red-handed. He stormed to the door, hearing loud moans as he put his hand on the door knob. 
Sam was oblivious to anything happening in the apartment, not that Ricky had made a lot of noise. She was caught up in the moment. 
“Oh, oh, oh my God!” 
The door flew open and Ricky walked in. 
“YOU TWO HAVE SOME.....”
He stopped as his eyes fell upon Sam, completely naked on his bed. She jumped up as she yelled, “OOOOOH!”
She grabbed the blanket and pulled it up to cover herself as Ricky stood there in shock, just staring at her. 
“GET OUT!” she yelled as she clutched the cover in front of her. 
Ricky slowly turned, stepped out of the room, pulled the door closed and just stood there motionless. 
There was a flurry of activity in the bedroom. Ricky didn't know what to do. He could make a run for it but he couldn't get his legs to move. Then the door swung open and Sam almost ran into the back of him as she tried to make her escape. 
Ricky turned around and looked at her. 
“Please move,” she pleaded. 
He stepped aside and she raced for the door. Ricky followed her. 
“Sam?”
She stopped and closed her eyes. 
“I'm so embarrassed. Please just let me leave.” 
“I thought you were in there with Chad.” 
She turned and looked at him. Then she walked over to him with her arms crossed in front of her chest, holding a hastily covered dildo. 
“I am mortified. I can only imagine what you are thinking of me right now. But I would never do that.” 
“Okay. Calm down,” he said as he raised his arms towards her. “Let's just forget this happened.”
“I wish I could,” she said as she took her free hand and pulled her hair back. 
As she did, she lost the grip on the dildo in the towel and it slipped out. As it started to fall, she frantically reached out to catch it. She couldn't quite grab hold of it as she did her best impersonation of a running back fumbling a football. Flailing, she kept reaching for it as she tried to grab hold and it continued to travel in the direction of Ricky. With his arms still out in front of him, he instinctively grabbed hold of it as it flew into his hand. Sam froze. With her eyes wide open, she slowly reached out and pulled it out of his hand. Wrapping it in the towel, she mumbled, “Sorry.” 
Angry, she pointed a finger at Ricky as she held on to the towel for dear life. She tried to say something as she shook her finger but words wouldn't come out of her mouth. In frustration, she finally abandoned her attempt to defend what little dignity she had left and turned to leave. 
Opening the door, she finally said, “I can't be your friend anymore,” and left. 
Ricky stood motionless for the longest time. His hands were still up in front of him. Slowly, he lowered them. He turned his head and looked at his bedroom.  Then he slowly shook his head in disbelief and walked into the kitchen. Washing his hands, he looked at the back door and let the water run. Finally, he turned off the water, dried his hands and picked up the file. He looked around again, as if still unsure what to do, and then forced himself to leave.

֎֎֎֎֎

When Sam got back to her apartment, she fell face down on the couch. I can’t believe what just happened! she thought. She pulled her phone out of her back pocket and called her sister. When Amanda answered, she told her what had just happened. She could hear Amanda laughing. 
“It’s not funny!”
“Yeah, actually, it is. How did Ricky seem to take it?”
Sam cringed. “Not sure. He looked like he had seen a ghost.” 
Amanda couldn’t stop laughing. 
“What am I going to do, Amanda? I don’t think I can ever look at him again.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it, Sam. It’s not like guys don’t do that. If it will make you feel better, I can ask Dave if Ricky said anything at the office.”
“OH MY GOD, NO! Don’t you dare.”
Amanda thought she was going to pee her pants. “Wow, the things you get yourself into. So, okay. I won’t say anything. If Dave says something about it, you’ll know Ricky told him. If he doesn’t bring it up, then at least Ricky didn’t tell anyone. And I would think you are probably safe with him if that’s the case.”
“I guess,” she said grudgingly. “But you have to call me and let me know as soon as you can, okay?”
“I will. Relax! It’s not the end of the world.”
“It’s about as close as it gets.”
Amanda caught her breath. “I’ll let you know, Sam. If I know Ricky, you don’t have to worry about it. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Okay. I think I’m going to call Becky and see if she’s free for lunch. Don’t forget to call.”
“Okay. Tell Beck I said hi.”
They hung up and Sam immediately called Becky. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Becky met Sam for a late lunch. It worked out for Becky because Ethan was in daycare. She had to work that morning though and was running behind. They met at a sandwich shop near the daycare so Becky could pick up her son afterwards. They ordered and sat down at a table in the corner.
“So, what’s up?” asked Becky.
“Well, I did something that was horribly embarrassing.” 
Becky was afraid to ask. “Like what?”
“Like I got caught playing with myself.”
“Oh my gosh, Sam,” Becky said trying to keep her voice down. “By who?” she said leaning in.
“Ricky, my new neighbor, that’s who!”
Becky put her hand to her mouth and started to laugh. Their food was brought out and they stopped talking as the young man put their salads in front of them. They thanked him and he left.
Becky leaned back in. “How?”
Sam explained what happened. Becky put her head down on the palm of her hand and shook it. Then she looked up at her. “So what did he say?”
“Not a lot. He tried to make it no big deal and said we should forget it.”
“Okay, so, no big deal, right?” asked Becky.
“Oh, come on. You think if the situation had been reversed, he would be as nonchalant about it? He’d be embarrassed just as much as I was.”
“Maybe,” Becky replied
“Maybe? Really?” Sam said. “You’re not helping.”
“Well, he may actually like you watching.”
Sam started to laugh. “Why do I try talking to you?”
They turned their attention to the salads and finished their meal. As they got up to go, Becky put her arm around Sam and said, “Don’t worry about it. If anything, you made his day.”
Sam smiled. “I could live with that.” 
Becky looked at her and squinted her eyes. “Hmm.”
After lunch, they both drove over to pick up Ethan so Sam could see him. Then they drove back and Becky dropped Sam off by her car.
“Bye, Beck. Bye, cutie,” she said to Ethan.
Ethan waved and said bye. Becky winked at her.
“See you later, Sam. Try to behave.”
Sam shut the door and laughed. She walked to her car and drove home. She was hoping to see Ricky that evening to see if everything was alright. She hadn’t heard from Amanda yet so she texted her. 
Dave say anything?
Amanda responded almost immediately. Not home. Said he would be late. He and Ricky are working on new accounts.
Let me know what you find out.
I will. I promise. Lol.
Sam tossed her phone on the couch next to her and turned the TV on. 
Later that evening, Amanda texted Sam. Dave didn’t know about it or at least he didn’t say anything. Think he would have if Ricky had told him.
Ok, thanks. It made her feel good that Ricky hadn’t spoken to anyone about it. It was embarrassing for her and he respected her enough to not say anything. Most guys would have, she thought. Or at least the guys I’ve dated.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, after work, Ricky decided to break the ice. He texted Sam, Come over?
She didn’t reply right away, but finally sent, Ok.
Ricky unlocked the door and went to get a couple of beers.
As he returned to the living room, Sam walked in. She had some sweat pants on and a sweatshirt. Her hair was pulled back in a pony tail. Ricky knew if he tried to make any jokes about what happened, she would probably leave. Have to treat this delicately, he thought.
They sat down and he handed her a beer.
“Thanks.”
Ricky picked up the remote. But before he turned the TV on, he looked at her and said, “Want to clear the air?”
She rubbed her forehead with the inside of her hand. “Yeah, kinda. I suppose you want your key back.”
“No,” he said, “and don’t worry about it, okay? I’m not mad and I don’t think any less of you.” Pausing, he added, “And if it helps any, seeing you kind of gave me the urge last night to take care of business myself.”
Sam’s mouth dropped open and she hit him on the arm.
“Stop it!”
He laughed. “It’s cool, Sam. Really.”
She closed her mouth and looked at him. “Let’s just watch TV.”
Ricky turned it on and they found a baseball game to watch. 
After a few minutes, she asked, “Ricky?”
“Yeah?”
“When you were doing you know what, were you thinking of me?”
He looked at her. “Honestly? Yeah, I was. In all fairness though, I had just seen you naked on my bed.”
She laughed. “Yeah, in all fairness. But you were still thinking of me,” she said, pointing her bottle at him.
He looked at her. “Does that bother you?”
She thought about it for a moment and didn’t answer. Instead, she kicked back on the couch and put her legs on his lap. They watched the game and didn’t say much after that. But she looked his way every once in a while out of the corner of her eyes. 
As the game wore on, it started to get late. Sam was getting tired and decided to call it a night. She slowly sat up and ran her hands through her hair.
“I think I need to call it a night. I have to go in early tomorrow.”
Ricky stood up. “Okay.” He opened his arms and stepped towards her to give her a hug. She appreciated the gesture. They hugged and said good night. As she was leaving, she turned to him and said, “How about I make you dinner tomorrow to make up for…you know?” 
Ricky looked at her and frowned. “How bad is your cooking?”
Sam laughed. “Don’t worry, I won’t kill you.”
“Promise?”
She playfully punched him in the arm. “I prooomise, she said,” trying to be convincing.
“Okay, what time do you want me to come over?”
“Why don’t you come over about six?”
“Okay. Good night, Sam.”
“Night, Ricky.” Ricky stood in the doorway until she unlocked her door and went into her apartment. He gave her a little wave and closed the door.





VI

Sam was doing her rounds the next morning, checking on her little patients. Sometimes it was heartbreaking to see the kids in the hospital. She loved her work though. It was extremely rewarding and she felt like she was actually making a difference. 
Sam had gotten pregnant when she was twenty-two. She had just finished nursing school and her boyfriend had left her when he found out. She decided to keep the baby but tragically miscarried at four months. It was devastating for her, especially when the doctor told her it could happen again and she might never carry a baby to full term. The idea she couldn’t have kids was traumatic. She didn’t date for years after that because she was afraid a guy wouldn’t ever get serious with her if he knew. It made her feel inadequate. So, when she did start dating again, her relationships were never really serious. They were just for companionship. 
Later that day, as her shift was winding down, she made her rounds one last time. When she was done, she went to the break room and got a cup of coffee. Becky walked in and snuck up behind her. She poked her index fingers in Sam’s sides, almost making her spill her coffee.
“Becky!” 
Becky laughed and putting an arm around her, gave her a kiss on the cheek. 
“Hello bff!”
Sam rested against the counter as Becky made herself a cup of coffee.
“Sooo?”
“So what?” Sam laughed.
“What ever happened with Ricky? Did you talk to him about what happened?”
“We did last night, actually.”
“And?” Becky asked with interest.
“He was nice; very thoughtful.” With some thought, she said, “I feel really comfortable around him.”
“Well, you got real comfortable a couple of days ago.”
Sam giggled. “I’m still embarrassed when I think about it. He heard me moaning and thought I was in there with Chad. Did I tell you that?”
Becky laughed. “No, I can only imagine his surprise when he caught you in there alone. So, what’s the deal with Chad these days? You guys still dating?”
Sam shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. I mean we haven’t broken up or anything, but it’s kind of off and on. Either he has another girlfriend like you said or he just loses interest in me.”
“Doesn’t sound like the kind of guy you need in your life.” As they walked out of the staff lounge, she quipped, “Now, the guy you obviously fantasize about when you are taking care of business is a different story…”
Sam playfully slapped her friend’s shoulder. “You are having way too much fun with this!”
Becky grinned. Just then, Sam’s phone rang. She took it out of her pocket and looked at the screen. It was Amanda.
“Amanda’s calling. She probably wants to know what happened yesterday also.”
“Hey, sis.”
“Sam,” Amanda said frantically. “Dad’s had a heart attack.”
Sam froze. Becky saw her expression change and mouthed, What?
“Where is he?” she asked, her eyes tearing up. 
“St. Elizabeth’s Medical Center. I’m headed there now. Mom’s with him and Brian is on his way.”
“Is he okay?” Sam asked, starting to cry.
“The paramedics said it looked like a mild heart attack. He’s alert and was responding to the paramedics.” 
“I’m on my way.”
“Okay, drive careful, Sam. See you there.”
Sam hung up. “My dad had a heart attack,” she said to Becky.
Becky gave her a hug. “I heard sweetie. Go on. I’ll tell Lisa you had to leave.”
“Okay.” She wiped her eyes and went to get her purse. Then she rushed to her car and drove to St. Elizabeth’s.

֎֎֎֎֎

When she arrived, her family was already there in the waiting room. She went over to them and gave each one a hug. Sitting together, she asked if there had been any updates.
“Not yet, dear,” Laura replied somberly. Sam’s mom had always been a rock in her eyes. She remembered growing up, her mom was typically quiet and reserved. Her quiet demeanor, however, disguised the authoritarian persona which lay beneath the surface. Frank knew to quickly pay her deference whenever a change in demeanor was noted, especially when she would discipline the children. And like a lion watching over its pride, she was quick to come to the defense of her family whenever she felt they were threatened. 
“What happened?”
“I don’t know. Your dad was sitting in the kitchen, he had just finished a late lunch and we were talking about Amanda’s wedding. Then he just got real quiet and I looked at him and he was slumped over clutching his chest,” she said sobbing.
Sam put her arm around her mother and Amanda got close to her on the other side as they waited for news. Brian was anxiously pacing as he continually glanced at the doors to the emergency room. The youngest of three, Amanda and Sam had to remind their girlfriends the “cute guy with dimples” was several years younger than them. Not one for college, he taught himself several computer languages and was picked up by an IT firm right out of high school. For hobbies, he played the electric guitar and still played in a band with several old friends from school.
“Come sit down next to me, Brian,” said Sam. 
Brian looked over at her and almost as if he was resisting, he slowly moved towards the chair next to her and sat down. Sam immediately put an arm around him and pulled him closer. They waited for what seemed like forever but was actually less than an hour before the doctor came out to talk to them. 
Brian was back up out of his seat as the doctor approached.
“Mrs. O’Dwyer?” he asked, looking at their mom.
“How is he, doctor?” she replied with concern.
“He’s stable. It was a heart attack. Does he have a history of heart problems or has he had any complaints recently? Any family history of heart disease? Anything to indicate there was a problem?”
“No, he hasn’t had any issues like that and there is no family history either,” said Laura.
“Well, we’ll run some tests to get a better understanding of the situation. I admitted him and want to keep him here for at least a couple of days for observation; at least until we find out a little more about what’s going on. I have him resting right now but you can go back and see him.”
“Thank you so much,” she said as everyone stood up. The doctor led them to his room where they found Frank lying in bed with an IV hooked up and a nurse busily circling around him like a mother with a sick child. While retired from the Army, he still had maintained his military physique and had yet to gain a pound since he retired. That was his tipping point, as he called it. He knew he was getting soft and losing his edge if he ever started to gain weight. Sporting a perfectly groomed flattop, Frank came off as a no nonsense guy but was much softer around the edges the more you got to know him.
Laura moved next to the bed so she could be close to him and took his hand. He had his eyes closed up to that point and opened them when he felt her hand in his. 
“Hey, beautiful,” he said to his wife of thirty-four years. Frank had met Laura after enlisting in the military. Living on the meager paycheck of a private first class, he saved money wherever he could; which meant having his shoes resoled to make them last longer. Laura worked at the shoe repair shop he frequented, and according to her, didn’t need his shoes repaired. He just used that as an excuse to visit her. 
“You gave us quite a scare,” she said softly, trying to keep herself together.
The kids moved to the other side of the bed and took turns giving him a hug. 
“How are you doing, pop?” asked Sam.
“Better. The pain’s gone. I think they gave me something to relax.”
“You shouldn’t be feeling any pain,” the nurse said, busily. “We want you to just rest.” 
She finished getting him situated and then showed him how to use the remote if he needed her for anything. After she left, the family each found a place to sit. They pulled up a chair for their mom and Sam sat at the end of the bed. Brian and Amanda took the two remaining chairs and pulled them a little closer. They sat with Frank and comforted each other as they tried to come to terms with what happened. As bad as this was, they were immensely grateful it wasn’t worse.

֎֎֎֎֎

That afternoon, Ricky went out to Crystal Cove Marina to check his boat. He had not been out there for almost a year. Dave had, as he put it, graciously made the sacrifice to take care of his boat. He had taken the afternoon off from work and had driven out to the waterfront. The marina looked the same. He could see his boat docked near the end of the pier. He parked his car near the boat ramp and made his way to the boat. The owner, Jim O’Keefe, was walking in the opposite direction. Tall and lanky with an old skipper’s hat covering his gray hair, he looked like he had just come off an old steamer.
“Ricky? Is that you?”
“How are you, Jim?” he replied as they shook hands.
“I’m fine. Glad to see you. It’s been a while.”
“Yes.” He paused. “I moved,” he said, giving a reason.
Mr. O’Keefe shook his head. “I saw your friend, Dave. He told me what happened. I’m very sorry for your loss, Ricky. Anne was a real treasure. I always enjoyed visiting with her when you two came out to the marina.”
“Thanks,” he said quietly. Changing the subject, he asked about his boat. “Has Dave been doing a good job taking care of the boat?”
“Yeah, he’s taken it out a few times with his fiancé.” 
Ricky looked in the direction of his boat.
“You should get back out there, you know? There’s nothing better for healing a broken heart. I know you liked to sail around the bay with Anne but I think it will do you some good.”
“I’ve been thinking the same thing lately. There’s not enough time today, though. I thought I would just sit out on the boat for awhile.”
Understanding his mixed emotions, he didn’t press him. “Well, hope you enjoy it. Good to see you, Ricky.”
“You too, Jim.”
Ricky walked the rest of the way out to his boat and stepped over the rail. He walked around on deck and then stepped down into the cabin. Running his hands over the woodwork, he reminisced about all the good times he had, especially with Anne. He decided he would have to take it out again soon, before it got too cold. One last time this year he thought and it will give me something to look forward to in the spring.
He stayed for about an hour and then decided it was time to head home. He drove back to his apartment and arrived with plenty of time to get ready for dinner. Showered and changed, he went over to Sam's at six with a bottle of wine. He knocked on the door a couple of times before giving up. Walking back to his apartment, he sent a text to see if they were still having dinner together. Not getting a response back, he decided something must have come up and he would have to go solo. As he was mulling over his options, he got a text. Expecting one from Sam, he looked at the screen and saw it was Malorie instead.
Have any plans for dinner?
I did. Dinner with Sam, but she's a no-show.
Want to meet somewhere? I feel like seafood.
Sounds great. How about the Chart House in half an hour? 
See you there!
The Chart House was located on the waterfront near the New England Aquarium. It was a popular seafood restaurant, not only with tourists, but the locals as well. Ricky arrived before Malorie and put their name on the seating list. It was an hour wait. He went over to the bar and ordered a Sam Adams. About ten minutes later, he got a text from Malorie.
Here.
At the bar, he replied.
He watch for her and stood up when he saw her.
Giving her a hug, he sat back down and waved at the bartender. Malorie sat down and ordered a glass of Chardonnay.
“So how's my big brother?”
“Not bad, Mal. How are you?”
“I'm good. Work’s going well.” She was the assistant director for human resources at Bay State College. “They're expanding our department for the new degree programs they’re planning and I'm getting a raise!” she said with a big smile.
“Hey, congrats, Mal!” Ricky said raising his glass in toast. Malorie raised hers as well. 
“So, I'm guessing you're treating us to dinner?” Ricky asked expectantly. 
“Ha-ha, funny guy,” Malorie said laughing. “I guess I walked into that one.” 
“That you did,” he agreed.
“So what's going on with Sam? You guys had dinner plans?”
“She invited me over for dinner yesterday but must have forgotten. She wasn't home and I didn't get a text back.”
“Are you guys dating?”
“No, just friends. We hang out, that's it. Besides, she has a boyfriend.”
“Besides? So, you would consider dating her if she didn't have a boyfriend?” Malorie asked playfully.
“She does,” he replied emphatically, “so I really haven't considered it.”
“Hmm,” Malorie said, sounding disbelieving.
Ricky looked at her, shaking his head.
“Oh, come on. I've seen her. She's gorgeous. You haven't noticed?”
“I've noticed,” he said looking straight ahead. “Just not sure if I'm ready for dating.”
Malorie put her hand on his arm. “What does your heart tell you?”
“I miss Anne,” he said looking at her. “It's hard thinking about dating someone else.” 
“I think, in some way, you're still holding on to her.”
“It's hard to let go. I don't want to betray her memory. It hasn't even been a year since she passed away.”
“I know Ricky, but you're never going to forget her. She was part of your life. There will always be a special place in your heart for her. But if you like Sam, you shouldn't let that memory get in the way of your happiness. Anne wouldn't have wanted you to stay unhappy.”
Ricky raised his eyebrows in agreement. “You're a smart lady.”
“I'm not arguing,” she replied with a smile as she raised her hands in the air.
“But it doesn't matter how I feel about her anyway. Like I said, she has a boyfriend.”
They sat and watch the football game on TV.
“Since when do they have college football on Friday nights?” asked Malorie. “I thought Friday was only for high school games.”
“Seriously? It's been like that for a while. They don't have many games on Friday though.” Ricky took a drink of beer. “How are mom and dad?” he asked, changing the subject. “You talk to them lately?”
“Yeah, mom says you need to call more often,” she said giggling. “They're doing fine,” she added as she bumped her shoulder against his. “Rory has a new girlfriend. Her name is Lindsey.” 
“He's turned into quite the player.”
“I think this girl might be different. Mom says he's crazy about her.” 
“Hmm. Could our little brother finally be serious enough to settle down?”
Having a thought, Malorie said, “we should invite them out here so we can meet her.” 
“That's a good idea, Mal. Maybe mom and dad could come also.”
“I'll have to ask.” Just then, their buzzer lit up and started vibrating.
“Table’s ready,” Ricky said as he stood up. He paid for the drinks as Malorie went to check in at the front podium. They were seated at their table and ordered another drink. The waitress brought them some fresh bread, which they nibbled on while they continued their conversation. Ricky was putting his glass down when he felt his phone vibrate. He looked at it and saw it was from Sam.
“Text from Sam,” he said as he opened it. Reading the message, his face became more sullen. 
“What's the matter?” Malorie asked, picking up the change.
He handed her the phone. The text read, Sorry about dinner Ricky. My dad had a heart attack and I’m at the hospital.
“Oh no!” Malorie exclaimed as she read it. “I feel so bad for her, Ricky,” she said as she handed the phone back. Ricky immediately called her back.
“How is he, Sam?” he said when she answered.
“Okay, I guess. They've been running tests all afternoon. Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner.”
“Please don't even worry about it. Malorie is with me. Tell your dad he's in our prayers.”
“Thanks, Ricky. I will.” 
“And let me know if there is anything I can do.”
“Okay. Good night.”
“Good night.”
“How is he?” Malorie asked as their salads arrived. 
“Sounds like he’s stable,” he said after hanging up. “Must have been a real scare for them.”
They ate their salads in silence. The news put a damper on their appetites. It was hard to resist though. They both loved seafood and the Chart House had an outstanding reputation. Fresh seafood cooked to perfection. Ricky had ordered the Snapper Hemingway, parmesan encrusted snapper topped with lumps of crab and lemon shallot butter. It came with a side of coconut ginger rice. Malorie went with the Lemon Herb Crusted Salmon and roasted potatoes. Neither were disappointed. When they were finished, Ricky picked up the check, as he always did for his sister.
As they walked out of the restaurant, Malorie gave him a hug.
“Thanks for dinner.”
“Congratulations on your raise, Malorie. I'll let you know when I hear more about Sam's dad.”
“Check on her tomorrow, Ricky. Girls like that.”
He laughed. “Okay, thanks.”
“And call mom and dad this weekend,” she said as she got in her car.
“Okay, okay,” he said waving to her and nodding his head. 
As he pulled out of his parking spot, he noticed a sign for the Boston Waterboat Marina. It was just past the Chart House on the pier. It made him think about sailing and how he missed being out on the water. He longed for the opportunity to get back out on his boat. 
The problem he had, though, was where he kept it. Crystal Cove Marina was out by Deer Island. When they lived in Chelsea, he was just a few minutes from the marina. Now, it was at least half an hour; probably closer to an hour with traffic. He hated having to fight traffic and avoiding it had been a good excuse not to go. Moving the boat closer might give him the incentive to start sailing again. There wasn’t much time left in the year before it was too cold, but he could make the move and be ready for the spring. He decided he would look into the Waterboat Marina and see if it was available.

֎֎֎֎֎

It was late and Brian had already left, promising to call in the morning. Amanda had volunteered to stay the night so their mom could go home and rest. Sam took her home and stayed with her for the night. 
As they sat in the kitchen, Sam tried to comfort her as much as possible. Her mom made them some hot Twinings tea. She had gone through the past few days in her head to figure out if there were any warning signs. “This was so unexpected; I still can’t believe it,” Laura said. 
“Mom, you can’t always see something like this coming. It just happens. Dad is pretty young to have a heart attack, but it does happen. The good thing is he is stable and in good hands. They’ll run a bunch of tests, find out what’s going on and what he needs to do to get better.”
“Your dad is a pretty active person. I hope this doesn’t slow him down.”
“He may have to slow down some but I don’t see him having to give up all his activities. It was a wakeup call. He needs to listen to the doctors and do what they say. If he does that, I think he’ll be just fine,” Sam said, trying to be as optimistic as possible.
They sat at the table for a while and drank their tea.
“So, how are you doing, Sam?” her mom finally asked.
“I’m doing okay. Busy with work. I’ve been picking up a few extra shifts.”
“I’m glad you became a nurse. You’re so patient and caring. I bet those little kids love you.”
Sam smiled. “That’s the best and worst part of my job. I love my little patients but it’s so sad they are in there to begin with. It’s a real eye opener seeing what they have to go through every day. Kind of puts things in perspective.” 
“I can only imagine. But I’m sure the parents are delighted to have you as their child’s nurse,” her mom said. “And what’s going on with this boyfriend of yours? I’m not getting good reports from your sister.”
Sam laughed. “I didn’t know my sister was reporting on me.”
“She is,” Laura said. “And I don’t like this Chad character.”
“Oh, mom,” Sam said exasperated. “Let’s not get into my love life.”
“Just don’t settle Sam. You are a beautiful, successful woman and you should have someone who’s going to take care of you. He doesn’t seem like that kind of guy.”
It wasn’t something she needed to hear. Or maybe it was. She had been doing a lot of soul searching already and knew this was not a long term relationship. There just wasn’t enough chemistry. Having to break up, however, meant being alone again and having to go back to the dating scene. Sam didn’t relish the thought of being unattached and single again. She just wished someone would come along and he would be everything she hoped for in a man. But with her history, she wasn’t sure if that was a realistic dream.
After they finished their tea, Laura decided to go lay down. She knew it wouldn’t help if she wore herself out. When Frank was able to come home, she needed to be ready and well rested. He would need her mothering for some time before he was back to his old self. 
Sam said good night and went to her old bedroom to get some rest. She checked her phone to see if Chad had tried to get hold of her. There were no calls or texts. Putting her phone on the charger, she set it on the night stand and went to bed. Hopefully, there would be good news tomorrow.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next morning, Sam woke early in the morning. It was Saturday, but she wanted to check on her dad and get an update. She went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. Fortunately for her, she had left some toiletries at her parent’s house for just such an occasion. She washed herself with her loufa, and as she rinsed off, felt a lump in her right breast. Not believing what she was feeling, she continued to massage the tissue and press her fingers in the area. Sam let her arms drop down to her side and she just stood under the water, wondering if this was all just a horrible dream.
She was brought back to reality with a knock on the door. It was her mom.
“Everything okay, Sam? You’ve been in there a while.”
“Sorry, mom. Just moving slow today.” 
She turned off the water and stepped out of the shower. Drying off, she quickly put her clothes on, a pair of black Liz Claiborne slacks with a navy blue Cashmere sweater and blow dried her hair. Before leaving the bathroom, she took her phone and called her doctor. One of the reasons she liked her doctor was the office was open on Saturday. It gave her a little more flexibility if she needed to schedule an appointment. The receptionist told her she needed extra time for a mammogram and that they had a cancellation Tuesday morning. Sam made the appointment.
Walking into the kitchen, she saw her mom standing by the sink, looking out the window. Sam walked up behind her and wrapped her arms around her mom. Squeezing, she gave her a kiss on the cheek.
“Morning. Any news?”
“Amanda called,” her mom said as she turned around. “Your dad is awake and demanding breakfast.”
Sam laughed. “That’s good news!”
“Not for the nurses, I’m afraid. He’s going to wear out his welcome if he’s being difficult,” Laura added.
Sam shook her head and smiled. “Did you call Brian?” she asked. 
“Amanda did. I’d like to go back up there if you are ready. Amanda could use a break.”
“I’m ready,” she said as she grabbed her purse and keys. They left the house and drove to the hospital. When they arrived, they found Dave and Amanda with Frank.
“Hey, pop,” Sam said as she entered the room.
She went over and gave him a hug. Laura followed and gave her husband a kiss on his forehead.
“Are you behaving, Frank?” she asked.
“Misbehaving is more like it,” answered Amanda as they all traded hugs.
“How are you, Dave?” asked Sam.
“Pleased,” he replied. “Frank is looking a lot better today. The doctor was in earlier and he may release him as soon as tomorrow.”
“That’s great news,” said Laura as she put her hand to her chest. “What a relief.”
“I told the doc I felt fine. I’m surprised they aren’t releasing me today,” Frank chimed in. “I bet they’re keeping me another day just so they can pad my bill.”
“Frank, you behave yourself,” Laura said as she pointed a finger at him. “They are doing an excellent job taking care of you and I won’t have you sassing them.”
Frank’s eyebrows rose as he looked around the room for someone to take his side. 
Sam laughed. “Just relax, pop. Let them do their job.”
“I think I am going to go home now,” Amanda said.
“You should,” said her mom. “Thanks for staying with your cantankerous father last night.” She gave Amanda a kiss and a hug and Amanda went over to her dad and patted him on the hand.
“Don’t give the nurses a lot of trouble, you hear? Just remember, Sam’s a nurse also and you should treat them like you would her.”
She kissed him on the cheek and waved to Sam. “Bye, sis.”
“Take care, guys. Get some sleep!”
“Planning on it,” Amanda said as she and Dave left the room.
Sam and her mom sat with Frank the rest of the day. Brian came that afternoon and visited for a few hours. That evening, he took their mom home and stayed with her. Sam had volunteered to stay the night and keep her dad company. He was happy with the arrangement and had her pull up a chair next to him so they could watch football. 
When she was younger, she would always sit in his lap and watch the ballgames. As she grew older, she still shared the same enthusiasm for sports and watched an occasional ball game with her old man, especially if it was the New England Patriots or the Boston Red Sox. Time stood still at the O’Dwyer home whenever the Red Sox were on TV. For Frank, nothing else was as important as watching the game. It was some of her fondest memories growing up. She cherished those moments they shared and it was why he always had a special fondness for her. 
They stayed up late watching college football. As luck would have it, Boston College was playing Notre Dame. To their dismay, B.C. couldn’t hold off the Irish and were ultimately disappointed, losing 34-17. During the game, Sam got a text from Ricky.
Hey, beautiful. How’s your father?
Smiling, she replied back. He’s better, thanks for asking. Getting released tomorrow, hopefully. I’m staying the night at the hospital.
Good to hear, Sam. Tell him I hope he has a speedy recovery.
I will. Good night, Ricky. Thanks for checking in.
Ok, good night.
Seeing her text on her phone, Frank had to ask, “Is that that Chad fellow?”
Sam rolled her eyes. “No dad, it’s Ricky, my neighbor.”
“The guy that works with Dave?"
“Yep,” she said as she put her phone away.
“Well, what happened to Chad?” he asked with an air of disapproval.
“No idea, pop. I texted him a couple of times and haven’t heard back.”
“Hmm,” he commented as they turned their attention back to football.
They finally called it quits and turned off the TV to get some sleep. Sam pushed a couple of chairs together, which was as comfortable as sleeping on a bed of rocks and resulted in a painfully long night. 
The family all started to trickle in the next morning. True to his word, the doctor confirmed Frank was in good enough condition to go home. There was no argument and the doctor went about the long, arduous task of releasing a patient from the hospital.
When Amanda arrived, Sam asked, “How did you sleep in those chairs?” 
“I didn’t,” Amanda replied. “They were horrible.”
“My back is killing me,” Sam said. “I’m going home to get some sleep,” she added as she rubbed her lower back.
“Thanks for staying,” her mom said as she waved goodbye. 
“Drive careful,” Amanda added. “You okay to drive home?”
“Yeah, I’ve had a little practice with night shifts,” Sam reminded her. “I’ll be okay. Talk to you all later.”
Sam left and drove home. When she got back to her apartment, she texted Ricky to let him know she was back. Throwing her purse and keys on the table, she went in the kitchen and poured herself a glass of juice. There was a knock on the door and she went to answer it.
“Ricky, hi!” She exclaimed, happier to see him than she expected. He walked in and gave her a hug.
“Just came to say hi, Sam. I know you’re tired. Did they release your dad?”
“They hadn’t when I left but they were working on it.” 
“What did the doctors say?”
“It was a mild heart attack. He’s going to have to go on a special diet, which he will protest about every chance he gets,” she said laughing. “And some medication for his heart.”
“Well, I’m glad to hear it. Let me know if you need anything, okay?”
“I will,” she said as she gave him a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks for being so sweet.” 
Still arm in arm, a voice came from behind them. “Am I interrupting something?” Standing in the doorway was Chad.
Put off, Sam glared at him. “Chad, this is my neighbor Ricky. Ricky, Chad,” she said as she held her hand out towards Chad.
Ricky nodded at him and Chad continued to stand in the doorway.
“Well, I won’t keep you. Take care, Sam. Get some rest,” he said as he walked by Chad and went back to his apartment.
“What was that about?”
“What?” Sam said as she brought her empty glass back in the kitchen. 
“You and that guy,” Chad said as he followed her. “Something going on there?”
“No, Chad,” she said impatiently. “He’s just my neighbor and he came to see how I was doing…unlike you. Did you get any of my texts?”
“I’m having phone issues,” he responded. “What’s going on?”
“My dad had a heart attack, that’s what’s going on.”
“Oh, wow. So, is he okay?”
“Yes,” she said impatiently.
“Well, how about I take you to brunch?”
She looked at him with disbelief. “No, I’m going to sleep. I was at the hospital all night.”
“That works for me too,” he said coyly as he moved close to her and tried to put his arms around her.
She grabbed his arms and pushed them back. “What are you doing, Chad? I’m not in the mood if that’s what you’re thinking.”
He put his hands up in the air. “Okay, okay. Wow, what a grouch. So, do you want me to leave?”
Folding her arms, she said, “I think that would be a good idea.”
He dropped his arms and gave her a pissed off look. “No problem,” he said as he walked out the door.
Sam followed him to the door, yelling, “Why don’t you spend the day getting your phone fixed!” and slammed the door.

֎֎֎֎֎

Livid, Sam stormed back to her bedroom and fell back into bed. She put her hands up to her face and thought about her weekend from hell. Her dad was okay. That was a good thing. There was at least some relief knowing it could have been worse, and it wasn’t. Thankfully, she rolled over and curled up on her pillow while pulling a blanket over her. It took absolutely no time before she was out like a light.







VII

Ricky had been meaning to get hold of his brother for some time now. With work and the move, he kept putting it off. Now that he was serious about a girl, Ricky wanted to meet her. And he was looking forward to seeing his little brother again. 
He called Rory. After a couple of rings, someone answered. It was a female’s voice.
“Hello,” she said with a southern twang.
“Hi,” Ricky said as he looked at the screen to make sure he dialed the correct number. “Is Rory there?”
“Yeah, hold on please. I’ll get him.”
Ricky was wondering if it was Lindsey that picked up. It was quiet on the other end for a moment and then his brother picked up the phone.
“Hello?”
“Hey, Rory.”
“Ricky? How’s it going?”
“Good. Was that Lindsey?”
Rory laughed. “Yes. Leave it to mom to keep everyone informed.”
Ricky chuckled. “Malorie actually told me. But I think she found out from mom.”
“So, who’s this neighbor I’ve been hearing about?”
Ricky grimaced. “Wow, those two should work for the CIA. She’s just a friend. It’s the sister of Dave’s fiancé. She helped me find the apartment. And she has a boyfriend, I might add; just to dispel the rumors.”
“Bummer, man. I thought you two were dating.”
“I may date again,” he said. “I’m becoming more open to the idea but I’m not ready yet.”
“Well, it’s good to hear from you. You sound great. I’m glad you’re socializing again, even if she is just a friend.”
“Thanks,” Ricky said. “Speaking of socializing, Malorie and I were wondering if you and Lindsey wanted to visit us in Boston.”
“Ah, now the true intentions of the call come out,” Rory said, laughing. “You two want to meet Lindsey.”
“Well, that would be a side benefit to visiting with our little brother.”
“Yes, I’m sure,” Rory said unconvinced. “I could take a long weekend I guess. I’m sure Lindsey would be up for it. She wants to meet you guys. We just have to find out when would be a good time.”
“Why don’t you talk to her and send me and Malorie a text. We can set something up.”
“Sounds good, Ricky. I’ve got to get to work. Tell Mal I said hi.”
“Okay, hello to everyone there. Take care,” Ricky said.
“See ya.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam was in a deep sleep when her phone rang. It rang several times and then the voicemail chimed. She slept through it all, rolling over as if something had tried to interrupt her REM cycle. A few minutes later, it rang again. This time, it pulled her out of her sopor and she answered just before it went to voicemail again. 
“Hello?”
“Good morning, sleepy head,” Amanda said. “Or should I say good afternoon?”
“What time is it?” Sam asked as she rubbed her eyes.
“It’s four in the afternoon. Thought you might want a wakeup call so you could get some sleep tonight.”
“How’s dad?” she asked as the fog of sleep started to lift.
“As cantankerous as ever. He’s home now, resting.”
“He needs to behave and listen to mom or he’s going to give her a heart attack.”
Amanda started laughing. “You’re right. But don’t worry, after the scare he gave her, I think she will be laying down the law with him.”
“Are you there?”
“No, I’m home now. Brian and I went with them when the hospital finally released dad. It was almost one before we got out of there. Brian said he was going to stay the night and make sure they were stocked up with groceries.”
“That’s sweet of him,” Sam replied as she sat up. “I’m going to check in on them this week. I go in at eight tomorrow and I’m working twelve hour shifts four days straight.”
“Wow, they sound shorthanded,” commented Amanda.
“They always seem to be. I don’t mind,” she said remembering she had to make arrangements for her doctor’s appointment Tuesday.
“Well, I just wanted to update you on dad. Hey, did you ever get hold of Chad?”
“Yeah, he showed up this morning after I got home. He walked in on me and Ricky and got jealous,” Sam said lightheartedly.
“What?"
Sam explained what had happened.
“Sounds awkward,” Amanda commented.
“It was. Then after Ricky left, Chad made a move on me like everything was okay. I told him to leave.”
“And what about Ricky?”
“He went back to his apartment, why?”
Amanda hesitated. She didn’t want to insinuate anything. “Sam, you know I love you. Just be careful. Don’t hurt Ricky.”
“What are you talking about?”
“It just sounds like you’re putting out some mixed messages. You have two guys trying to comfort you in your apartment and it seems like you’re giving them the wrong signal.”
“That’s not fair,” Sam said defensively as she stood up and put her hand on her hip.
“Then why did Chad get mad?”
“Chad’s an idiot. He had no reason to be mad. I was pissed off at him.”
“I won’t argue with you about him being an idiot. I’m a little more worried about Ricky. You know what he’s been through.” 
“Are you through?” Sam asked testily.
“If you’re serious about Chad, just don’t lead Ricky on, Sam.”
Upset, Sam took a deep breath and then told her sister she had to go. They hung up and she walked into the living room and curled up on the couch. She was mad at Amanda, mostly because she knew she was right. She wasn’t sure what was happening. Her relationship with Chad didn’t seem to be going anywhere. If the events of the weekend proved anything, it was that she was more suspicious now about Chad’s periodic disappearances. 
Her friendship with Ricky seemed innocent, at least at first. The fact that she spoke to him more than she spoke to Chad was indicative of how close they had become. But it was as friends, from Sam’s perspective. Or so she thought. Was she reading it wrong? Did Ricky see it differently?
Picking up her phone, she texted him.
Sorry about this morning. Didn’t mean to put you in an awkward situation.
A few minutes later, she got a reply back.
You didn’t. Don’t worry about it. Just spoke to Dave. Glad your dad is feeling better.
Did he know anything about it? asked Sam.
About what? Ricky replied.
The awkward situation.
No, why? Ricky asked.
Sam realized she was getting paranoid and it was probably unattractive. The fact she thought that while texting Ricky just reinforced what Amanda had scolded her over. 
Never mind, she responded. Then added, I told Amanda about it and she chewed me out for putting you in that situation.
Lol. I’m a big boy. No big deal. We were just talking work stuff. Busy week coming up.
Relieved, Sam wisely let it go.
Thanks for your concern. Means a lot.
You’re welcome.
Sam thought, This is crazy. The guy lives next door and we’re texting each other.
On a whim, she texted him, Want to come over and watch some football?
She smiled when he replied, Why don’t you come over here? I’m making gumbo.
Wasting no time, she replied, Be right over.
She changed into some grey sweatpants, leaving her sweater on and put her hair in a pony tail. Stepping into her pink Muk Luks slippers, she grabbed her keys and phone and went next door. The door was ajar and she knocked as she opened it and went in. 
“In here,” he yelled from the kitchen.
She followed his voice and found him by the stove, uncovering a big pot.
“It smells delicious,” she commented.
“Hope you brought your appetite. There’s plenty.”
“I could eat a horse,” she said. “I haven’t eaten all day actually.”
Ricky looked at her. “Well, it’s ready if you want to eat.”
He gave her a bowl and she took a spoonful of rice out of the electric rice cooker. Ricky handed her a soup ladle as she moved over to the stove and she poured two ladles full of gumbo over her rice.
“Wine or beer?”
“Water for now actually. Thanks,” she said as she brought her bowl to the table. 
“You can sit on the sofa if you want, Sam. We can watch the game.”
“Okay,” she said as she moved to the living room. 
Ricky brought over a spoon, some crackers and a glass of ice water. He handed her the spoon and put the crackers and water on the coffee table in front of her.
He went back and made himself a bowl and set it down on the coffee table. Making one last trip to the kitchen, he picked up his spoon, more crackers and an opened Sam Adams sitting on the counter.
“Well?” he asked as he sat down.
Sam had a mouthful of gumbo. She pointed to the bowl and nodded her head up and down. Ricky chuckled.
“This is fantastic. You’re such a great cook!” She took a drink of water. “Thank you.”
“My pleasure,” he said as he changed the channel to the NFL Network. “Game should be on soon.”
“Who’s playing?” she asked as she continued to eat.
“I believe it’s Green Bay and Chicago.”
“Oh goodie,” she exclaimed. “I think Aaron Rodgers is a hottie.”
Ricky laughed. “Well, you probably won’t be seeing much of him. This game is mostly for the players who still have to make the team, remember.”
“That’s what I hate about preseason. It’s like a scrimmage.”
“I know. It’s fun to watch but the regular season games are much better. How do you think the Patriots are going to do?”
“They’re too good,” she analyzed. “I think Tom Brady is going to lead them back to another SuperBowl.”
“Well, you won’t hear any complaints here if he does,” Ricky replied.
They ate their gumbo while watching some of the game. It was getting late and Sam decided she had had enough of a game that didn’t count for anything.
“I think I need to call it a night, Ricky. Thanks for having me over,” she said as she got up. 
Ricky stood up and leaned over to her to give her a hug.
“I enjoyed it, Sam.” 
On a whim, Sam decided to reinvite Ricky for dinner. “Hey, I never got to fix you dinner. Want to come over tomorrow?”
“Sounds great.”
Surprising Sam, Ricky put his arm around her and walked her back to her apartment.
As she unlocked her door, he once again offered his concern for her dad.
“You going to visit your dad again soon?”
“Definitely,” she said.
“Tell him I hope he feels better. I know it’s tough on your family right now.”
Sam turned around and gave him a long hug.
“Thanks for your concern, Ricky. I really appreciate it. And thanks for walking me back to my apartment. You’re a real gentleman.”
“You’re welcome. If you ever need to talk, you know where to find me.”
Sam smiled. “Thanks. Good night.”
“Good night.”
She watched him walk back as she stepped inside. He turned to look at her before going in and she gave him a gentle wave.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam had been thinking about Ricky all morning while working her shift. While on her break, she remembered they hadn’t set a time for dinner and sent him a text.
Hey Ricky. It’s Sam.
She received a reply a couple of minutes later. Hi Sam.
We still on for dinner?
I thought so.
Great. Come over at six?
Okay.

֎֎֎֎֎

On the drive home from work, Ricky got a call from Rory. He tapped his steering wheel to answer the phone. 
“Hey, Rory.”
“Ricky. Good news! Lindsey and I are coming to see you and Malorie.”
“That’s awesome! When are you coming?”
“This weekend! I got a great deal on tickets. We’ll fly in Friday night and leave Sunday late afternoon. Malorie said we could stay with her so she will pick us up from the airport.”
“Man, I’m looking forward to you guys coming. Anything in particular you want to do?”
“Lindsey wants to see the historical sites; Bunker Hill, the Old North Church, that kind of stuff. She also wants to shop at the Faneuil Hall Marketplace.”
“Sounds great. We’ll be your tour guides!”
Rory laughed. “Awesome. Thanks for the invite. We’re looking forward to it.”
“Okay, talk to you later.”
They hung up as he pulled into the parking lot. Grabbing his satchel, he walked to his apartment.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam was busy in the kitchen trying to get everything prepared on time. She was running late. Her shift ran over because they had more kids in her section to make up for a staff shortage. Not knowing what to cook, she finally settled on baked chicken with some mashed potatoes and green beans. A good home cooked meal that’s not too complicated and a nice wine to top it off, Sam thought. She still had to pick up groceries on the way home, which put her even further behind. By the time she arrived at her apartment, there was less than an hour until Ricky was supposed to come over. That's okay. I'll be close to ready by then; we can have some wine and chat until the food is ready. 
She hit BAKE, put the chicken breasts in a pan with some olive oil and a seasoning packet and slid the pan in the oven. Instant potatoes were quickest so she put a pan of water on to boil. The green beans were cut, tossed in a steamer and placed on the cook top. She turned the burners on Medium-High and ran to take a quick shower. 
Sam quickly undressed, turned on some music and hopped under the cascading water. It felt refreshing to feel the warm water running down her body. Not wanting to move, she had to will herself to wash and shave her legs. She managed to make it fairly quick and jumped out to dry off. Wrapping a towel around her hair, she grabbed another to wrap in. She then brushed her hair and turned her hairdryer on. The smoke alarm sounded moments later but was downed out by the hairdryer. 
Ricky was looking forward to dinner with Sam. He had made it home early and changed into some casual clothes. Sam had asked him to come over at six and he had fifteen minutes to kill. Deciding to check his mailbox, he locked his door and walked down the sidewalk. 
As he was passing Sam’s apartment, he heard a smoke alarm and went to her door to investigate. It was definitely getting louder the closer he got to her apartment. He knocked on her door and there was no answer. He tried to look through the window but the curtain was pulled. He knocked again. Instinctively trying the doorknob, he turned it and the door opened. He walked into the kitchen and saw smoke billowing out of a pan on the cook top. He immediately turned the burners off and put the pan under water in the sink.
Meanwhile, Sam finished drying her hair and turned the hairdryer off. She thought she heard something and turned the volume down on her iPad. She definitely heard it now. The smoke alarm! I left the pans on too long! Clutching her towel, she raced out of her bathroom and ran for the kitchen. When she rounded the corner, the sight of a man standing there momentarily scared her half to death.
“AAAAH! Oh my God! Ricky! How did you get in?” she screamed as she grasped at her towel and tried to cover herself.
Ricky turned as soon as he heard her approach. The scream pierced his ears. He put the pan down in the sink.
“I could hear your smoke alarm outside. I knocked, but you didn’t answer, so I tried the door.” He pointed to the pan. “Your green beans didn’t survive.”
She backed up and stepped out of the kitchen. “Just stay right there. I have to get some clothes on.” Going into the bedroom, she closed the door and got dressed. Afterwards, she went to assess the damage. Ricky was still standing in the kitchen, leaning against the counter with his arms crossed. She walked to the cook top as she looked at him. The water for the potatoes had been turned off. 
“You turned the water off?”
“Sorry. I saw the smoke and just turned everything off,” he said walking over to her.
She went to the sink and saw the green beans. The burnt smell was lingering in the air.
“Can you open the door so it can air out?”
He went to the door and opened it. Joining her by the oven, they looked at the chicken. It was still raw. She looked at the display and it said BAKE 350, but she had not hit START. The oven was not on. She slowly closed the oven door and put her hands on her hips. Angry, she looked at Ricky. “You keep seeing me without clothes on,” she observed.
He stood there, not knowing what to say. “Sorry, Sam. When you didn’t answer, I was concerned.”
She put her hands to her face. “Well, dinner is ruined.” She dropped her hands and looked at him. Then she started to laugh and Ricky smiled. 
“Thanks,” she finally said.
“For what?”
“For checking on me when you heard the smoke alarm. I’m going to put the chicken in the fridge. I’ll cook it tomorrow and have it for lunch.” She took the pan out of the oven, covered it with saran wrap and placed it in the refrigerator. Turning to Ricky, she put her hands up in the air. “So, now what?”
“Now, I guess we order out. Any suggestions?”
“I know a great Mediterranean place that delivers…”
“Want to go over to my place until the smell dissipates?”
“I would appreciate that. It’s giving me a headache.”
She grabbed the takeout menu, her phone and keys and after opening some windows, followed Ricky to his apartment. They sat down at the table and Sam described some of her favorite dishes. Deciding on what they wanted, she called and placed the order. The man told her it would be about twenty minutes for delivery.
Ricky asked Sam if she wanted some beer or wine while they waited.
“I was kind of in the mood for wine,” she said as she moved over to the sofa.
“I actually picked up a bottle to bring for dinner.” He came out of the kitchen with a bottle of Riesling. Holding it up for her to see, she gave the okay sign and he went to pour her a glass. Coming back with two glasses of wine, he handed one to her and sat down.
“I didn’t mean to startle you, Sam. Sorry about that.”
She held up her glass and clinked it with his.
“Apology accepted. Dumb of me to leave the food on like that. I was late and hoping to still make it happen.”
“Any update on your dad?” Ricky asked.
“Not really,” she replied. “He’s home and recovering. I think he’s going to be okay. It’ll just take some time to bounce back.”
“It’s nice you, Brian and Amanda are close by to look in on them. I’m sure it’s a big relief to your mom right now.”
“I know. It was such a shock to begin with; they’re not that old. My mom has struggled with it but one of us has been with her and my dad the whole time, so it takes some of the stress off her.” She paused for a moment.
“What about your family, Ricky? Your parents ever have any health issues?”
“Fortunately, no. They live outside of Baton Rouge, so they get to enjoy laid back country life.”
“Must be nice. Do they have any land?” she asked.
“Thirty acres. It’s pretty nice. Rory and I used to live in the woods on the back side of the property. As a kid, it was great for exploring. There was even a little lake. You just had to watch out for snakes.”
“Ick,” she exclaimed. “I hate snakes. That would be reason enough for me to stay out of there.”
“That’s what Malorie thought,” Ricky said laughing.
They talked for a while longer. Ricky couldn’t help looking at her. Sam’s hair was still damp, she had no makeup on and was wearing an old t-shirt. And she couldn’t have been more beautiful.
“What? Are you looking at my hair? I didn’t have time to finish getting ready,” she laughed. “Probably look gross right now.” She took a sip of wine.
“I was just thinking how pretty you are Sam; even without finishing getting ready,” he said while making air quotes. “You have a natural beauty about you.”
She blushed as she looked at him. “Thanks,” she said softly.
Ricky sat up as if to stand, “You want a towel to wrap around your hair?”
She put her hand on his arm. Ricky looked at her. He leaned in and kissed her on the lips. She closed her eyes as he did and kept them closed for a moment as his lips left hers. When she opened them, he was looking at her passionately.
“That was nice,” she said smiling.
He hesitated and then stood up. “Let me get you a towel.” Sam was confused. She could sense the conflict in Ricky. There were times he let himself get close and when he let his guard down, she really liked being with him. But when he was hesitant and unsure of what he wanted, she knew he hadn’t completely gotten over the loss of his wife and didn’t want to be in a position of competing with her memory. 
And then there was Chad; was there any commitment on his part? Amanda was right about him and she needed to end their relationship. She at least wanted closure with him so she could move on. Sam decided she would talk to him the next time she had a chance. 
He came back in the room and handed her a towel. She thanked him and wrapped it around her hair. The doorbell rang before he could sit down and he went to answer it. It was their takeout. Ricky paid the man and brought the food over to the table. Sam came over and sat down while Ricky went to grab some plates and forks. 
“This is really good, Sam. You eat Mediterranean a lot?”
“Occasionally,” she said. “Sorry dinner didn’t work out. You have to give me another chance sometime.” 
Ricky laughed. “Okay.”
After dinner, they put their dishes in the sink and Ricky asked Sam if she wanted something else to drink.
“I should really get back,” she replied. “I have to get up early tomorrow so I need to get to bed early.”
“I should probably do the same. Come on, I’ll walk you back.”
“Thanks,” she said. 
As they walked to her apartment, Ricky mentioned Rory’s planned visit.
“Speaking of my family, Rory and his girlfriend are coming to visit this weekend. They want to see some of the historical sites, so Malorie and I are playing tour guide.”
Sam smiled. “Sounds like fun.”
“You’re welcome to join us if you’re free.” 
“Thanks, Ricky,” Sam said with genuine appreciation. “That’s really nice of you. Can I get back with you on that offer?”
“Yeah, of course. It’s fine if you can’t; I just thought it would be a chance for you to get your mind off of everything going on with your dad.”
Amongst other things, she thought.
Ricky made sure her apartment was secure and she closed all her windows. 
“Good night, Sam. I’ll see you later.”
“Okay, Ricky,” she said as she gave him a hug. “Thanks for everything. Good night.”

֎֎֎֎֎
Sam left work Tuesday morning for her doctor’s appointment. She was lucky to get in so quick and with everything going on, glad she hadn’t put it off. She arrived a few minutes before ten and checked in at the reception desk.
“Hi, I have an appointment with Dr. Crane.” 
The receptionist gave her a clipboard. “Please sign in.”
Sam took the clipboard and filled out the sign-in sheet. Then she went and sat down. While waiting, she quickly texted Amanda to see if there were any updates about their father. Amanda replied back he was doing better but giving mom a hard time. Relieved, Sam put her phone away. No sooner had she dropped it in her purse, a nurse came out and called her back. 
They went to one of the examination rooms and the nurse took Sam’s vitals. She asked about her symptoms and typed all of the necessary information into the computer. Then she took a folded gown out of the cabinet and gave it to Sam.
“Please put this on. Go ahead and take your bra off so the doctor can examine you.” The nurse left and Sam did as instructed. Fortunately, she didn’t have to wait long before her doctor knocked on the door. Dr. Jacque Crane had been her doctor for many years and they had gotten to know each other on a first name basis.
“Good morning, Sam,” Dr. Crane said as she entered the room.
‘Hi, Jacque. How are you?”
“Just fine. What brings you in today?”
“I felt a lump in my breast and wanted to have it checked.”
“Okay,” she replied as she walked over to Sam and pulled her gown down. “Where exactly did you feel it?”
Sam put her finger on the area of her upper right breast and the doctor felt around that spot. “Yeah, I feel it also. When did you notice this?”
“Three days ago.”
“Well, leave it to a nurse to have it checked promptly.”
Sam laughed. “I was lucky to get this appointment. There was a cancellation right before I called.” 
Dr. Crane felt around some more and then felt the other breast to compare. Sitting down next to her, she typed some information into the computer. “Let’s go ahead and get a diagnostic mammogram while you’re here.” 
“Is the diagnostic different than the normal one?” Sam asked inquisitively.
“It is actually. The normal one is a screening mammogram. Diagnostic mammograms provide us with a more detailed x-ray. It will take a little longer because it requires more x-rays taken from different angles. The radiologist will also want to get some close ups of that specific area.”
“Sounds thorough.”
“Well, it gives more information but since you are so young, we may also need to get an ultrasound.”
“Why is that?” Sam asked with concern.
“Younger women have denser breast tissue. It appears white on a mammogram, just like a tumor, so it can be hard to distinguish between normal tissue and a tumor.”
“So not something to be necessarily concerned about?”
“No, we know there’s something abnormal. But if the tissue is too dense and doesn’t give us a good picture, an ultrasound will. We can’t do the ultrasound here, so I’ll have to refer you. But we can at least do the mammogram and see if that gives us some idea of what’s going on.” 
“Okay, thanks Jacque.”
“You bet. Let me go set up the mammogram and the radiologist will come get you in a few minutes.”
“Will you call me with the results?”
“It’s all digital now, Sam. Just come back in here when you are done and I will go over the x-rays with you. If we need the ultrasound, I’ll get you the referral so we can set that up, okay?”
“I wish everyone was as efficient as you,” commented Sam.
Dr. Crane smiled. “Just hang out here for a minute.” She left the room and after a few minutes, the radiologist came and took her to the x-ray room. They went through a series of x-rays, and as Dr. Crane had explained, it was quite extensive. When they were done, she was taken back to the examination room, where she got dressed and waited for the doctor. 
After a short wait, Dr. Crane knocked on the door again and entered. 
“Okay, let’s see what we’ve got.” She sat down by the computer screen and turned it so Sam could see also. Bringing up the x-ray images, she clicked through and examined the images. She sighed and looked at Sam.
“I can see there is a mass there but it isn’t as detailed as I would like. I think I’m going to have you schedule an ultrasound.”
Sam was quiet, not sure what to make of her doctor’s reaction. Sensing the concern, Dr. Crane went to a specific image.
“This shows the lump, but it could just be a cyst. If it is, there’s a very good chance it’s filled with fluid and there is nothing to worry about. It will show up differently with an ultrasound.” 
“Sounds like an ultrasound is better than a mammogram for routine checkups,” said Sam. 
“The mammogram does a good job for routine checkups but the ultrasound is more detailed, no question. It uses sound waves to penetrate the tissue and helps paint a picture of what’s going on inside. The x-ray can’t do that but with digital and 3D imaging, it works great for older women. You’re just an exception, I’m afraid.”
“So, if it’s just a cyst with fluid, what then?”
“Well, the image you’ll get is a sonogram. It will measure the exact size and location of the lump and get a closer look at the surrounding tissue. If it is determined to be just fluid, they will probably want a biopsy done to be sure.”
“Really, a biopsy?” Sam said with dread. 
“Sam, it’s all precautionary. Cysts are typically not cancerous. The biopsy is usually done with a small needle. It draws out the fluid and the lump almost always collapses. I don’t want you to worry unnecessarily but I believe we need to be thorough. The peace of mind is worth it.”
“Okay, that makes me feel a little better. Thanks.”
Dr. Crane gave her a hug and walked her back to the reception desk. She was given the referral and the receptionist went ahead and called for an appointment. There was an opening the following week and Sam took it. Better safe than sorry, she thought. 















VIII

Ricky and Malorie were looking forward to their brother’s visit. They had been texting back and forth all week about where they were going to take him and Lindsey. Rory had let them know Lindsey was excited about the trip and looked forward to meeting them. 
The flight was delayed out of New Orleans for storms in the area, but getting into Boston was no problem. They were expecting some partly cloudy skies, highs in the mid-eighties and no rain all weekend. Malorie drove to the airport once she had checked the flight and knew what time it would arrive. It was after ten when they landed; almost an hour late. Malorie was sitting outside when they exited the terminal.
Jumping out of her white Honda Civic, she came around to the passenger side and held out her arms. “You made it!”
“Hi Malorie!” Rory said. “Sorry we’re late. There was weather in New Orleans.”
“I checked before I left home. I just pulled up a few minutes ago. You must be Lindsey,” she said as she gave her a hug. With short blonde hair and green eyes, Lindsey stood at five, six. She was petite, young and energetic. Although the same age as Rory, her youthful looks made her look just out of high school. Fortunately, she had the sophistication and maturity of someone older.
“Lindsey, this is my big sister, Malorie.” 
“Hi,” Lindsey said with a big smile. “It’s nice to meet you.”
“Ricky didn’t come?” Rory asked.
“He’s meeting us at the house. He had some stuff at work he had to finish before the weekend.”
They loaded the luggage in the car and drove to her house. She lived on Commonwealth Avenue, next to the Boston Public Garden and only two blocks from the college. She loved her two-story townhouse. The exterior had recently been renovated to give it a more stylish look. The first two floors had a white stone façade with red brick extending up the third and fourth floor. Wrought iron lined the bottom half of each window where red and green ivy draped over the sides of window boxes.
Inside, the living space was downstairs and had an open concept. It was framed by a bay window and the kitchen and dining area extended out with a large island separating the space. Upstairs were the two bedrooms with a shared bathroom. The house had hard wood floors and white painted walls and ceilings. It was a little out of her price range when she started working at Bay State but Ricky helped her finance it.
Malorie showed Lindsey around the house once they arrived. 
“I love it, Malorie,” Lindsey said. “It’s so quaint; very New England.”
“I put you two in my bedroom. The spare bedroom is tiny.”
Rory and Lindsey protested but Malorie insisted. After they brought up the luggage, they went into the living area and Malorie put on some coffee. While it was brewing, Ricky arrived. He gave everyone a hug and Rory introduced him to Lindsey.
“It’s nice to meet you, Lindsey. I had heard Rory was spotted around town with a pretty blonde. We wanted to see if it was true.”
“That better have been me,” Lindsey said laughing and pointing a finger at Rory. “It’s nice to meet you also,” she said to Ricky. “I’ve heard plenty about Rory’s big brother.”
“Yes, yes, the Purple Heart winner,” Malorie said as she rolled her eyes. 
Rory chuckled at Malorie. “He didn’t win it, Mal. It was awarded to him.”
“Blah, blah, blah,” she said, trying not to laugh.
Ricky nudged her with his shoulder. “Malorie should have gotten the Purple Heart,” he said. “She’s the one who had to nurse me back to health.”
“You were an extremely difficult patient,” she commented.
“It’s good to see you’re doing well,” Lindsey said. “My dad’s a Vietnam Vet and he had a pretty rough time for a while.”
“Thanks. So what do you do, Lindsey?” Ricky asked as Malorie went to get the coffee. 
“I’m a third grade teacher,” she said.
“I hear kids are a handful these days,” Ricky remarked.
“Some of them can be,” she replied. “I have a pretty good group of kids this year though. They’re excited about my trip.”
Malorie came back with coffee and cookies. “Help yourself everybody.”
“Speaking of which,” Ricky said, “are we set on the plans for this weekend?”
“As long as we can see as many historical sites as possible,” Rory answered.
“I made a list of some of the places,” Lindsey said. She passed around a small piece of paper. On it was Paul Revere’s House, North Church, South Meeting House, Bunker Hill, the USS Constitution, the Old State House and Faneuil Hall Marketplace.
“That’s a good list,” Malorie said. “You can go in just about any direction in this town and see something historical. There’s a great statue of George Washington in the park across the street and the Old South Church is only a couple of blocks away.”
“There’s actually a red brick path you can take through downtown that hits all of the historical sites,” said Ricky. “It’s called the Freedom Trail. I thought we could do it on our own though. I’ll play tour guide and we can take a car so we have some flexibility with what we do.” 
“It sounds like you know your stuff. I’m sure you’ll make an excellent tour guide,” said Lindsey. “It must be a real experience living here, with so much history around you,” she added.
“Sometimes you forget,” Ricky admitted. “It is a unique experience though,” he added as his phone chimed.
“Is that work?” Malorie asked. “Were you able to finish what you need to?”
“Yeah,” he said as he looked at his phone. “It’s my neighbor.” Sam had texted to see if his offer to join them this weekend was still on the table.
“Sam?” she asked.
“I thought you two were just friends.” Rory said suspiciously.
Ricky looked at him. “We are. I asked her if she wanted to hang out with us this weekend. You guys mind?”
“No,” Malorie and Rory said at the same time.
Ricky texted her back. Yes, he replied.
What time are you leaving? she texted.
“She wants to know what time. You want to just meet at Faneuil Hall and we can eat breakfast when we get there?”
“I like that idea,” Lindsey said. “How does nine sound?”
“Sounds good to me,” Ricky said as he sent Sam a text.
Want to drive together? she texted back.
Okay, he replied.
“Well, that’s all set then,” he said standing up. “Sam’s riding with me and we’ll meet you guys there at nine. Let’s meet at the Sam Adams statue on the west side of the market. We can do the market in the morning and then drive around and see as many of the sites as possible the rest of the day. We’ll see the rest on Sunday.”
“Yay!” Lindsey said as she gave him a hug. “Thanks for inviting us.”
“We’re glad you could come,” he replied. “Thanks Mal, for putting them up. I’ll see you guys in the morning.”
“Night,” Malorie said, hugging him.
After he left, they went upstairs. 
“Are they dating?” Rory asked.
“Not officially,” replied Malorie. “I think something is happening between them though.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The next morning, Ricky was finishing getting ready when he got a knock on the door. Sam was waiting when he answered and smiled when she saw him. Wearing American Eagle denim skinny jeans and a brown and white paisley print top with a lace up V-neck, they complimented her brown Converse low tops perfectly.
Ricky laughed. “You’re always put together well,” he said. “The shoes even match.”
“You like?” she said looking down at her ensemble.
“You look beautiful, Sam. I’m ready if you’re ready.”
“Let’s go then,” she said enthusiastically.
They walked to his car and Ricky held the door for her. Touched, she sat down and said thanks. It took less than twenty minutes to drive to the market area and Ricky found a parking garage across the street. They took the stairs and walked across the street to the statue. The others weren’t there yet, so they sat on a bench and waited.
About ten minutes later, Ricky spotted them crossing the street. Introductions were made and Lindsey apologized for making them late. “My hair was being difficult.”
“I think you’re hair’s cute,” Sam said as the girls took the lead and walked towards Faneuil Hall. The market area was like an outdoor mall. It had three long buildings with promenades between them. Trees lined the promenades and the buildings housed a variety of shops, restaurants and Quincy Market. They went to the market first, hoping to find something good to eat for breakfast, and most importantly, a place to sit.
As luck would have it, there was an open table and Ricky sent Rory to claim it. He then went with the girls to decide what to eat. There was so much to choose from. The girls wanted some Boston cream pie with coffee, so Ricky ordered five of each. He told them when they were finished shopping, they had to come back for clam chowder and lobster rolls for lunch.
The girls didn’t argue and took their coffee and pie to the table. Rory had grabbed another chair and they squeezed in together.
“This is incredible,” Lindsey said, “but it’s not pie.”
Sam laughed. “Weird isn’t it?” The Boston cream pie was actually a two-layer cake with vanilla custard in the middle and chocolate syrup on top.
“I may need another piece,” Rory exclaimed, drawing laughter from the others.
The cream pie was gone in no time. They sat for a while and drank their coffee as they visited with one another. Lindsey and Sam hit it off after discussing their Army upbringing. All three of the girls enjoyed talking about their work.
Finished with their coffee, they started to meander around the shops. The retail stores were in the outer buildings and the restaurants were in the center. Ricky and Rory followed behind as they talked about their parents and what was going on with them.
“You know, Dad’s fifty-fifth birthday is in October. Mom’s planning a big party. You think you can make it down?”
“Yeah, sounds like fun, Rory. I’ll plan on being there. Is Malorie going?”
“I just told her about it last night. She said she’s planning to come.”
“Good. Kind of like a family reunion.”
“That’s pretty much what it will turn into because mom is inviting all of our aunts and uncles. Grandma Emma’s coming as well.”
“Well, then I have to make sure I make it,” he said.
They continued to browse. The girls liked the women’s clothing shops and spent most of their time in them. Rory encouraged Lindsey to take her time in Victoria’s Secret. Laughing, she told him to behave. As it approached lunch time, Rory and Ricky peeled off and went back to the market to find a table. They texted the girls when one opened up. When they arrived, Rory took them to order lunch. They ordered three lobster rolls to split and a cup of clam chowder each. Rory carried the drink tray while the girls carried the rest. Once again, they crowded around the small table and ate.
“This is cozy,” Sam said. “Thanks for letting me tag along.”
“Glad you could make it,” Malorie replied.
Sam and Ricky exchanged glances. Rory watched them. He could see the way they looked at each other. Malorie was right.  

֎֎֎֎֎

After lunch, they went back to the parking garage and took Ricky’s car to sightsee. Rory sat up front with Ricky while the girls squeezed in the back. They drove to Paul Revere’s house first. Ricky pointed out the red brick path from the Freedom Trail again along the way. Seeing the brown, wooden two-story house was like stepping back in time. The old colonial structure seemed out of place surrounded by modern apartment buildings.
They went inside to tour the house. The downstairs was one big open room with old furniture sparsely placed throughout; some chairs, a table, desk, crib and hutch. They had an antique look to them. A brick fireplace took up a good portion of one wall.
“It’s hard to believe this is his house,” marveled Lindsey. “Are we going to the old North Church next?”
“Yep,” Ricky said.
They listened to a tour guide tell the story of Paul Revere’s midnight ride.
“I didn’t know he was captured on his way to Concord,” Rory said. 
“The British took his horse and let him go. He had to walk back to Lexington.”
“What was it,” Ricky asked, “one if by land, two if by sea?”
“I think so,” answered Lindsey. “But that was the backup signal in case he couldn’t sneak out of town and warn the Sons of Liberty. He rode to Lexington to warn Sam Adams and John Hancock the British were coming.”
“Wow, Lindsey. You really know your history,” Malorie stated. 
“No, Google knows the history. I just read up on it,” she said laughing.
They continued on to the North Church afterwards. They found a statue of Paul Revere sitting on his horse in a park across the street. They took plenty of pictures and selfies. When they stood in front of the statue, they could see the church in the background like he was riding away. The walkway leading to it was lined with trees, framing the picture quite nicely. 
The church had a vintage Colonial look to it; red brick with white trim and a steeple that seemed to reach to the sky. “I can see why they signaled from this steeple,” Rory commented. “It’s pretty tall. You could probably see the lanterns from a good distance.”
Inside, the walls and ceiling were also painted white. There were brass chandeliers and a magnificent wood organ with brass pipes in the balcony. The pews were interesting because they had little doors, giving the seating area a cubicle look.
They quietly walked inside and read the plaques on the walls. Afterwards, they walked the grounds around the church. There was a stone in the side of the church with the year 1723 carved in it. A plaque was on the front describing the history of the signal lanterns.
“On to Bunker Hill?” Ricky asked after they had gone full circle.
“Great!” Lindsey exclaimed.
They drove past Copp’s Hill and crossed the Charlestown Bridge. It was a short drive and they were able to see the obelisk within a few minutes. Ricky found a nearby parking spot and they walked up the hill. It was a spectacular view, made more impressive by the fact they were standing where the first major battle for independence took place.
“You want to climb the obelisk?” Ricky asked.
“Can we?” replied Lindsey. “This is so amazing.”
“If it’s open, we should be able to. And then we can go across the street to the museum.”
It was open and they bought tickets. There was a short line and they had to wait for visitors to come back down before they could make the climb.
“How many steps to the top?” Rory asked the Park Ranger as they gave him their tickets.
“294,” he replied. “But it’s worth the view.” And he was right. When they made it to the top, they had an amazing view of the city. Lindsey was afraid she was going to run out of room on her camera, she was taking so many pictures. 
“I have to upload these pictures on Facebook,” she said. “Are you all on there?”
“I have an account, but don’t really use it,” said Malorie. “I’m on Instagram mostly.”
“I have to friend you guys so we can keep in touch.”
“We’re all friends on Instagram,” said Malorie. “I’ll friend you and then you can add Ricky and Sam.” Sam smiled when Malorie included her.
“I guess we should head back down so some other people can come up,” Ricky said. 
They descended the stairs and walked back down the hill to the museum, which was focused on the founding of Charlestown and the Battle of Bunker Hill. They all found the battle interesting and read the story in the exhibit area.
“I didn’t know the battle was on another hill,” Sam admitted.
“It started on Breed’s Hill and they retreated to Bunker Hill,” said Ricky as he read the screen. “It’s funny how we learn history inaccurately sometimes.”
“A two hour battle and almost fifteen hundred men were killed or wounded,” Lindsey marveled. 
“I don’t think the British had any intention of giving up their colony,” Rory remarked. “Most of the casualties were British.”
“Don’t fire until you see the white’s of their eyes,” Malorie read. “Have you ever been here?” she asked Ricky.
“Yeah,” he said awkwardly. “I came here with Anne once.”
“Sorry,” she said.
“That’s okay, Mal. I’m glad we get to see it together,” he said putting an arm around her.
“So what’s next?” Lindsey asked as they exited the museum.
“The USS Constitution,” Ricky said, expertly playing the role of tour guide. “Then we’ll go back downtown and see some sites there.” 
“And then dinner?” asked Rory.
“Yeah,” Ricky said as the girls laughed.

֎֎֎֎֎

The USS Constitution was only a few blocks away. Seeing the old frigate, like Paul Revere’s house and the North Church, was quite reminiscent of history. You didn’t have to imagine what transpired, you could see it. And the ship was a spectacle to see. “Old Ironsides” was made famous in the War of 1812. During the war, it lived up to its reputation as the flagship of the northern coast’s defense and defeated the HMS Guerriere, Java, Cyane and Levant in battle.
They found the museum educational and enjoyed participating in the interactive exhibits. Activities, such as scrubbing a ship’s deck, furling a sail, swinging in a hammock, tying knots, firing a cannon and building a miniature Constitution were among the many things they were able to experience.
After touring the ship, they drove to the Old State House and parked at a nearby parking garage. From there, they could walk to the State House, South Meeting House, King’s Chapel and the site of the Boston Massacre. They went to the State House first, took pictures and toured the building. The rectangular shaped red-brick building again had a Colonial era design particularly with the steepled roof. As the original location of the Colonial government, it was the oldest and most historic building in the United States. 
Just outside, they visited the site of the Boston Massacre. Ricky read a plaque out loud. “Protesting the taxes levied against the colonies imposed by the Townshend Act, British troops were sent to quell the unrest. On March 5, 1770, soldiers led by Captain Thomas Preston, tried to disperse a crowd near the Custom’s House and opened fire, resulting in five colonists being shot and killed.”
“This really is the epicenter of the Revolutionary War,” Lindsey said.
“Let’s go over to the Old South Meeting House,” Ricky said. “That’s where the Boston Tea Party began.” They walked down Washington Street and toured inside. Again, the large red-brick building with clock tower steeple was synonymous with the architecture of that era. The colonists would have annual meetings here after the Boston Massacre to protest Britain’s taxation without representation. After the fifth anniversary meeting, a group raided three ships loaded with tea and threw the shipment overboard into the harbor. The harsh response by the British ultimately escalated into war.
Their last stop was King’s Chapel. It was only two blocks from the Meeting House and they were able to see Benjamin Franklin’s statue on the way. Nicknamed the stone chapel, the eighteenth century building was a venerable landmark. Columns lined the front entrance and there was an old cemetery next door. The interior looked similar to the North Church in terms of layout and antiquity. The pews had the same box like structures and an elevated pulpit was near the altar.
“Did you know Paul Revere worked in a foundry?” Lindsey asked. “He recast the bell for this church when it cracked.”
Ricky smiled at Rory. “It’s nice to have a teacher with us. I didn’t know half the stuff she told us.”
“I’m not boring you, am I?” she asked playfully.
“On the contrary,” he said, “I appreciate your interest and enthusiasm.”
Once they were finished seeing the chapel, Ricky asked them, “What would you all like for dinner?” 
“I wouldn’t mind some more seafood,” Lindsey said.
“Okay. Well, there is the Union Oyster House near Faneuil Hall.”
Lindsey squinched her nose at the thought of oysters. Ricky laughed. “I don’t think they only serve oysters, if that’s why you’re making a face. But we can go somewhere else.”
“How about the Barking Crab?” Malorie asked.
Sam laughed. “With a name like that, we have to check it out.”
“It’s actually a great idea because you get a great view of the harbor,” said Ricky. “We can do a boat tour of the harbor tomorrow if you want.”
“I’d like that,” Lindsey said.
“Me too,” Rory said.

֎֎֎֎֎

The Barking Crab was on the other side of the Fort Point Channel. Ricky took the Congress Street Bridge to get there so they could see the Boston Tea Party ships. They added that to their to-do list. Malorie called ahead to try and make a reservation but it was first come, first serve. They pulled up to the open air, red and yellow striped canopy and immediately liked their choice.
“This place has some atmosphere!” Lindsey said.
“We should have a great view of the harbor,” Malorie added.
They walked up the gangplank to the entrance and put their name on the list. It didn’t look like it would be too long of a wait. The seating was picnic tables, so it was just a matter of finding a spot for five. The hostess deftly created a place near the waterfront side and seated the group. She handed out menus and told them their waitress would be with them soon.
They had a great drink selection and when the waitress came to greet them, they ordered a variety of drinks. The guys stuck with beer and the ladies chose cocktails. Ricky also ordered crab dip, crab cakes and a couple of shrimp cocktails. After a few minutes, the waitress came back with their drink orders. She passed a Sam Adams Summer Ale to Ricky, the Shucking Good IPA to Rory, Crab Juice to Malorie, a Crabby Mai Tai to Lindsey and a Hurricane to Sam. They were all delighted with their drink selections and hoped to do as well with the main course.
Making it simple, they all chose crab. Rory and Ricky split the mixed crab bowl, a combination of Bairdi, Snow Crab and Alaskan king crab; Sam chose the Snow Crab clusters, while Lindsey and Malorie both went with Dungeness crab. While they waited, Lindsey and Rory walked out on the gangplank with Malorie to take some pictures. Ricky and Sam stayed at the table.
“This was a really nice day,” Sam said. “You have a nice family.”
“Thanks, Sam. I think they’re worth keeping around.”
Sam giggled. “Malorie reminds me of Amanda; kind of motherly.”
“Yeah, that came in handy when I was wounded. She really took care of me.”
“You went through a lot,” Sam commented. “Everything okay now?”
“It’s getting there. Things are definitely looking up,” he replied. “Just takes time.”
“Yeah, it does,” she agreed.
“How about your dad? You’ve been through some pretty rough stuff lately also.” 
More than you know, she thought. “He’s good; getting stronger every day. I appreciate your concern and helping me get my mind off of it. You’re a really sweet guy,” she said as she put her hand over his. Ricky turned his hand over and interlocked fingers with hers. They didn’t notice the others walking back.
“Where’s the food?” Rory asked, interrupting them.
Letting each other’s hands go, they turned and looked away from each other. Malorie smiled. “We got some great pictures,” she said as the food was brought out. It looked like a real feast in front of them. There was so much food; they didn’t know where to start. Lindsey and Rory were amazed at how good the crab was. 
“This is better than crawfish,” Rory said.
Ricky grinned. “I agree. Much better!”
When they were done, nothing was left but crab shells and cobs from the corn. Everyone was sitting back in their chairs, trying to get comfortable. They laughed at how miserable they felt.
“It was worth it,” said Lindsey.
“Definitely,” replied Rory.
They had some coffee while they let their food settle and then Ricky picked up the check. 
“Let me get mine,” Sam said.
“No, you all are my guest today. I’m glad you came and had a good time,” he said to each of them.
They thanked him for the meal and walked back to the car. Driving over to the garage, Sam said she was going to have to take a raincheck for Sunday because she was going to visit her parents. When they got back to the parking garage where they left Malorie’s car, everyone said goodbye and set a time for meeting in the morning. Ricky then drove Sam home.
“We’ll miss you tomorrow,” he said as they walked down the sidewalk to their apartments. 
“I’ll miss being there. I had so much fun today. I need to spend some time with my parents though.”
“I know,” he said as he gave her a hug. “Good night, Sam. Tell your parents I said hi.”
Sam smiled. “I will. Good night.”  

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Sam went to church with her family and over to her parents for lunch. She stayed with them all afternoon and was glad to see her dad doing so much better. Amanda and Dave stopped by and she told them about her sightseeing the day before with Ricky and his brother and sister. When she went back to her place, she stopped by Ricky’s to see if he was home. There was no answer. She went inside her apartment and thought about trying to contact Chad. Not seeing the point, she lay down on her couch and watched TV.
A couple of hours later, Sam heard a knock on the wall. She laughed, knowing it was Ricky. She picked up her phone and texted him. Was that you?
Yes. I’m home, he replied.
Lol. She jumped up and walked over to his apartment barefoot. Ricky’s door was ajar. She knocked as she went in.
“I can’t believe you just knocked on my wall,” she said laughing.
“Hey, if we’re ever in a prison camp together, we’ll be able to communicate.”
Laughing hysterically, she walked into the kitchen where he was at. “Can I have a beer?”
“Of course,” he said opening the fridge. “Help yourself.”
Looking inside, she found a Heineken. She sat down at the bar and watched him make a turkey and Swiss sandwich. Ricky looked at her and smiled. He cut the sandwich in two, put half on another plate and slid it over to her. 
She rewarded him with her big, beautiful smile. “Thanks.”
Ricky sat down next to her after getting a Heineken for himself and they ate together. “I got you something,” he said as he slid a bag over.
“Really?” she said excitedly. “What?” She opened the bag and saw a container from Mike’s Pastry Shop.  “No!” she screamed as she put a hand to her mouth. 
Ricky laughed. 
She pulled the container out of the bag and opened it. Inside was a chocolate dipped Cannoli and Biscotti. “Oh my gosh! You’re the best neighbor ever!” She put her arm around him and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you so much.”
“You’re welcome. Glad you like it.”
“I love it,” she said loudly. “Here, I’ll share it with you.”
“No, he said putting his hands up. I had mine. Those are yours.”
Sam took a bite of the cannoli and closed her eyes. Ricky just sat there and watched her. 
“So, where did you go today?” she asked as she ate.
“They took a tour of the old South Church this morning and then I met them at the pastry shop for breakfast. We spent a lot of time on the harbor. They wanted to see the aquarium and take a harbor tour. That and lunch took the rest of the day.”
“Sounds like they got their money’s worth,” Sam said. 
“I don’t think they left disappointed,” Ricky agreed.
Sam finished her Cannoli and closed the container. “I’m going to make everyone jealous at work tomorrow and bring this for lunch.”
Ricky chuckled. “Well, I hope you enjoy it.” 
He walked her back to her apartment and she gave him a hug good night. “Thanks again, Ricky.” 
“You’re welcome. Get some rest.”
“I will. See you later.”









IX

Sam stayed busy with work and checking on her parents. It was a bit exhausting but it kept her busy and most importantly, kept her from worrying about cancer. As hard as she tried, it was the big elephant in the room that she couldn’t avoid and the possibility of being diagnosed was frightening. She appreciated Ricky including her over the weekend. After several attempts at getting hold of Chad, she had given up on him. She would have been angry about it but she enjoyed being with Ricky’s family and they had a great time together. 
On the morning of the ultrasound, Sam left work and drove to New England Surgicare, an outpatient surgical center five minutes from the children’s hospital. She was glad Dr. Crane had scheduled it there. It was close to her apartment if she had to return for a biopsy and she wouldn’t need much time off from work.
At the sign-in desk, Sam filled out some insurance paperwork and was told the doctor would call her back momentarily. She went and sat down. Trying to calm her nerves, she decided to text Chad again. She sent him a “hi” and smiley face and waited for a response. She hadn’t mentioned the discovery to him and decided to find out what it was first. After a couple of minutes, she texted, You there?
Not getting a response, she dropped her phone in her purse and picked up an outdated magazine. Fortunately, she was spared the old news.
“Samantha,” somebody called out behind her. Turning, she saw the nurse standing by the door, holding it open. Sam walked back and followed her to an examination room.
“How are you today?” the nurse asked as they walked through the hallway.
“A little nervous,” Sam admitted.
“That’s understandable,” the nurse said. “I’m Janet, by the way.”
“Nice to meet you,” Sam replied.
They walked into the room and Sam hopped up on the examination table. Next to her, was a portable ultrasound machine. Janet took her vitals and entered them into the computer. Then she gave her a gown.
“Go ahead and take your top and bra off and put this on. Dr. Cramer will be with you in just a few minutes and we will get started.”
“Ok, thanks,” Sam said.
After changing, Sam laid back and waited for the doctor to arrive. She quickly checked her phone to see if Chad had gotten back with her and he hadn’t. Angry, she dropped her phone back in her purse and put an arm over her eyes.
 There was a knock at the door and Sam sat up. A woman in a white coat entered the room. Looking to be in her late thirties, she had her blonde hair up in a bun and glasses hanging around her neck by a chain. Her look gave her a professional aura and definitely made her look like the person in charge.
“Hello, Samantha,” she said as she held out her hand. “I’m Stephanie Cramer and I will be doing the ultrasound today.”
“Nice to meet you,” Sam said shaking her hand.
“I understand you found a lump in your breast?”
“That’s right. My doctor recommended the ultrasound. She thought it may be just a fluid filled cyst?” Sam said with some uncertainty.
“Correct. I looked at your chart. Your doctor was very thorough and provided us with the mammogram images and a detailed explanation for the referral. So, what we are going to do is use the ultrasound to scan the tissue and get a more detailed picture.”
“Dr. Crane described it to me. Since I’m younger, this will help determine what is there?”
“It helps with younger women for sure. The tissue is denser and mammograms sometimes don’t pick up abnormalities as clearly. But the big difference in your case is what’s in the lump. The ultrasound will show whether it is a solid mass or just liquid.”
“Liquid being better?”
“Definitely. Solid can indicate cancer. If it’s fluid, we will still send it to the lab to have it analyzed, but the chances are it’s just a benign cyst. Let me feel where the lump is, Samantha. Can you lower the gown and put your finger on it?”
Sam did as she was asked and then moved her fingers when Dr. Cramer put her fingers over the same spot. After pressing with her fingers a few times, she picked up on where the lump was.
“That’s definitely a lump,” she said, as if to confirm it. “Let’s see what the ultrasound image shows us.”
She pulled the machine closer to her and turned the computer on. Typing in some information, she then put on some examination gloves and picked up a bottle of gel. Squirting some on Sam’s breast, she picked up the transducer and started moving it over the area of the lump.  
“Is this kind of like a baby ultrasound?” Sam asked jokingly.
“It is,” Dr. Cramer confirmed. “The gel actually helps the sound waves from this wand travel through the tissue. The waves bounce off of any mass inside the breast and the wand receives those changes in direction. They create an image which we can see on the computer monitor and the detailed picture it produces is the sonogram. Those pictures will be reviewed by our surgeon, Dr. Kim. If she sees a dark spot on the sonogram and determines a biopsy is needed, then her office will call you to set up surgery.”
“And what would that consist of?” Sam asked, now sounding nervous.
Dr. Cramer rubbed her arm. “I wouldn’t be alarmed, Samantha. I know it’s nerve-wracking but this is typically just precautionary. If there is anything unusual, we want to rule out cancer as soon as possible. And as far as the biopsies go, it is usually outpatient and may just require a needle to collect a tissue or fluid sample.”
When she was done, the doctor wiped the gel off Sam and laid the transducer by the ultrasound machine. She pulled the gown back up to cover her and threw her gloves in the trash.
“All done. Go ahead and get dressed and I’ll be back in a moment.”
After Dr. Cramer left the room, Sam took the gown off and got dressed again. As soon as she was done, there was a knock. Dr. Cramer stepped back into the room. 
“Ready?”
Sam nodded her head.
“Come on,” Dr. Cramer said. “I’ll walk you out.” She gave Sam a little rub on the back as they walked. “Try not to worry. You will be contacted in the next couple of days as to what the sonogram indicates. It may even be as soon as tomorrow.”
“Okay,” Sam said, reassured. “Thanks.” She walked back to her car and prayed for good news. 

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Sam received the call from Dr. Kim’s office. Knowing there was a definitely a lump, Sam was certain she would eventually get a call to set up surgery. She had spoken to Lisa, the head nurse, about needing to clear her schedule for a few days to recover. Lisa was sympathetic and made sure Sam took all the time she needed. She told her she would pray for her and gave her a hug. It made Sam feel really good to know the hospital always took care of its staff. She never had a problem when a medical or family emergency issue came up. It was one less thing to worry about.
Dr. Kim’s assistant went over the surgery information and told Sam she would receive a courtesy call and email to remind her about the surgery and she needed to fast twelve hours prior. Luckily, there was a surgery opening the following week on Friday. She didn’t want to put this off. The longer it took, the more anxious she would be. She scheduled it for Friday at nine in the morning. The assistant told her to arrive at five for admission.

֎֎֎֎֎

On Saturday, Ricky and Sam were having their first get together with friends. He was going to grill some burgers in the courtyard and they were going to watch New England play a preseason game against the Denver Broncos. Brian’s band was playing that night so he was not able to come. They almost went to the pub where he was playing instead but Becky had to bring Ethan because she couldn’t find a babysitter. Malorie was excited when she showed up at Ricky’s.
“Hey, big brother,” she said walking into his apartment. Ricky was talking with Sam in the kitchen. 
“Hey, Mal,” he yelled.
She gave them a hug and a twelve pack of Sam Adams. “I brought your favorite beer.”
“I didn’t know Sam Adams was your favorite,” Sam confessed.
“It’s not,” Malorie replied. “Free beer is,” she said as she winked at her.
Sam laughed and so did Ricky. “Where is everyone?”
“On their way,” Ricky said. “Dave and Amanda should be here any minute and Becky got a late start.”
“She’s bringing her little boy. The babysitter cancelled,” Sam added.
Realizing there wasn’t any mention of Sam’s boyfriend, Malorie wanted to ask about his absence but decided against it. “How are you, Sam?” she asked instead.
“Great,” replied Sam. “Excited about us finally doing this.”
“I know,” said Malorie. “Too bad your brother couldn’t make it. I don’t think I’ve met him yet.”
“His band is playing tonight. We thought about going to the pub where he’s playing instead of here but Becky is bringing her little boy.”
“You know Malorie’s got a pretty good singing voice,” commented Ricky.
“Oh really?” asked Sam.
“I sing in the shower.”
Sam laughed. “When we have family get-togethers,” Ricky continued, “you sing on occasion.”
Malorie just looked at him. “Not sure that is much different.”
Just then Dave and Amanda knocked on the door. It was slightly open, so they came straight in.
“Hey, everybody,” said Amanda.
They exchanged hugs and Dave put a bag of groceries on the counter. 
“What’s in the bag?” asked Ricky. “I said you didn’t have to bring anything.”
“Just chips and a veggie plate. And some beer you need to put in the fridge.”
Ricky reached in the bag and pulled out the snacks. At the bottom was a six pack of Miller Lite.
“Ah, Amanda’s favorite beer,” said Ricky.
“Yes, it’s my favorite, I’ll admit it,” she said. “I’m just not into those bitter IPAs you guys drink.”
Dave and Ricky laughed. “We just like to try different kinds,” said Dave.
“I’ll stick to my boring beer, thank you very much,” said Amanda emphatically.
“Come on, Dave. Let’s go get the grill started.” He picked up a bag of charcoal and bottle of lighter fluid and they went out in the courtyard. The apartment complex had community grills available for resident use that were a safe distance away from the buildings.
Malorie and Sam had already sat down in the living room. When the men left, Amanda joined them. 
“Where’s Chad?” Amanda asked.
“He backed out at the last minute,” Sam replied curtly.
“Ah,” said Amanda. “Don’t want to talk about it?”
“Not really. He said he was coming and this morning he texted me he had to go help his parents move some furniture.”
“Where do they live?” asked Malorie.
“Fitchburg.”
“Strange how something always comes up,” observed Amanda.
“Please don’t start,” Sam said, cutting her off.
“Who has something always come up?” asked Becky as she came in the door with Ethan.
“Hey Beck,” said Amanda. 
“Sorry I’m late,” she said. “I had to get some things together for Ethan.”
“We just got here,” said Amanda.
“Me too,” said Malorie. She came over and introduced herself.
“Hi, I’m Becky. I work with Sam.”
“Nice to meet you,” Malorie responded.
“You want to watch a movie?” Becky asked Ethan.
He nodded his head up and down.
Sam came over and gave him a hug. She adored Becky’s little boy. He was six years old and had sandy brown hair just like his mom. “Hey buddy,” she said as she picked him up. “Ricky said he could hang out in the bedroom. He has a DVD player back there.”
“My hero,” said Becky. “Where are all the guys?”
“Dave and Ricky are getting the grill started,” said Sam as they walked to the bedroom. 
“And Chad cancelled last minute,” Amanda added.
Sam turned and looked at her with a scowl on her face. Ethan laughed when he saw her do it, which made the girls laugh.
“Alright, big guy. Don’t touch any stuff in here. Just play with your toys and watch your movie. Okay?”
“Okay mommy,” he answered.
“What a good boy,” commented Amanda.
They went back in the living room as Dave and Ricky came back inside.
“Thanks for letting Ethan hang out in your bedroom,” Becky said to Ricky.
“My pleasure. Glad you could make it.”
The girls went in the kitchen and put the chips in a bowl and brought the vegetable tray in the living room. Becky brought a little plate to Ethan and told him not to make a mess. Ricky went back outside with the meat patties and put them on the grill. He also had a couple of hot dogs for Ethan.
While they were talking, Ethan came walking in the living room holding the case with Ricky’s Purple Heart. Becky jumped up when she saw him and went to take it away.
“Is that Ricky’s medal?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, sorry Ricky,” she said as he came back inside.
“What’s wrong?”
“Ethan got into some of your things.” She held up the case. Dave knew there was a lot of painful memories associated with the medal and wasn’t sure how Ricky would respond. To his surprise, Ricky walked over to Ethan and picked him up.
“That’s got a sharp pin on it, Becky. I think I have something else he would be more interested in.” He walked back to the bedroom with Becky following. Dave and Amanda exchanged looks and Dave just shrugged his shoulders. The reaction didn’t go unnoticed. Sam knew there was history there and it might be awkward for him. But he seemed to be unphased by it. Sam walked back to the bedroom to find Ricky on the floor with Ethan. He had pulled a box out of the closet and opened it. 
“I thought we unpacked all of your boxes?” Sam commented.
Ricky looked up at her. “I still had some at the house. When it sold, I brought the rest of them over. This one my mom gave me a long time ago.”
“What’s in it?” Becky asked as Ethan reached inside the box. To their surprise, he pulled out a train engine.
“Is that a train set?” Dave asked as he came in the bedroom and sat down.
“Oh look, the boys got their train set out to play with,” said Malorie as she looked in the room. The girls busted out laughing.
“Ricky, you have to finish the hamburgers,” Amanda yelled when she heard the commotion.
“Are you sure it’s okay for him to play with this stuff?” Becky asked.
“It’s fine,” Ricky said standing up. “Help him out Dave. Amanda’s cracking the whip.”
Sam smiled at him. It was a side of him she hadn’t seen yet. He was so good with Ethan; it surprised her how gentle and patient he was. As he walked by, she reached out and rubbed his arm. He looked at her and smiled. 
Walking to the door, he grabbed a plate and spatula. “I’m going to flip them. They’ll be ready soon.” Ricky stayed with them this time until they were done. He knew they would overcook if he kept leaving them unattended. Finally, he put the patties and hot dogs on the plate and went inside. Cooked to perfection, he had timed it so they were all medium well.
Dinner was a hit. Ricky had mixed the patties with blue cheese dressing, which made them extremely juicy and bursting with flavor. Becky couldn’t believe how good they were. 
“Wow Ricky, is there anything you can’t do?” she said. The question got a chuckle from everyone. “I’m serious; you’re great with Ethan and your food is amazing.” Sitting on the floor, she crawled over to him and kneeling in front of him, said, “Marry me!”
Amanda nearly choked she was laughing so hard. Becky fell over backwards laughing, which was an open invitation for Ethan to abandon his hot dog and jump on his mom. Sam stood up and grabbed him. Picking him up in the air, she flew him like an airplane back to his plate and set him down. Fortunately, he lost interest in the adults and turned his attention to the hotdog.
“So, a Purple Heart?” commented Becky. “Are you still in the military?”
“I’m in the Guard; the same squadron Dave was in.”
“So, you’re a pilot also?”
“I am,” he said taking another bite of hamburger.
“What did you guys fly again?” she asked as she moved back over to where she had been sitting.
“F-16s,” Amanda answered. 
“Did you guys have cool nicknames like Maverick and Goose?” Becky asked.
Laughing, Dave said, “Yes, we had nicknames.”
“What was yours?” Sam asked Dave.
“Zombie,” he replied as Amanda laughed.
“Okay, I’m sure there’s a story behind that one,” said Malorie bewildered.
“When you go through F-16 training, they put you in a centrifuge machine to experience the force on your body,” answered Ricky. “Dave blacked out, which happens frequently because your blood drains down to your legs if you don’t push against it. It’s called the anti-g straining maneuver. They video you when you are in the machine and Dave kind of looked like a zombie when he blacked out.”
Everyone started laughing hysterically.
“So, what was your nickname?” Sam asked Ricky. 
“Oh, he had the cool nickname,” Dave said jealously. “He was called Ghost.”
“Oooh,” said Becky, “I like that one. Good fighter pilot nickname.”
“So, is there a story behind it also?”
Dave looked at Ricky. “Well, the story goes like this. We were deployed in Turkey supporting allied ground forces in northern Syria. Two Syrian fighters decided to fly north and engage them. Central Command scrambled two F-16s out of Incirlik Air Base to intercept and Ricky was one of them. On the way, his wingman developed a mechanical problem and had to return to base. 
“Ricky continued and turned his radar on so they knew they were being targeted. He gave a warning for them to turn south and leave the area but they continued to fly over the area. So, Ricky was cleared to engage. He flew in behind them and shot one down. The other guy panicked and tried to maneuver away. He started screaming over the radio because he couldn’t see Ricky. That’s when Ricky calmly said over the radio, I am a ghost.” 
“So, what happened to the other pilot?” Sam asked, laughing.
“He was so scared, he ended up ejecting out of his aircraft because he thought he was going to get shot down.”
“Oh my gosh,” Becky exclaimed. “That’s the best fighter pilot story I’ve heard since Top Gun.” The others laughed. 
About the time they finished eating, the game came on and they huddled around the TV. Since it was preseason, there was no real desire to watch the entire game. They continued to chat while watching, but by halftime, they had lost interest. Ethan most especially, which prompted Becky to gather all his things and call it a night. 
“Thanks guys, for doing this. It was really fun,” she said.
Ethan, still holding the train engine, went over to Ricky and gave him a hug. 
“I think you have a fan,” Dave commented. “I’m not sure he’s going to give up the train though.” 
Before Becky tried to coax it away from him, Ricky intervened. “Becky, just let him keep it.”
“You sure?” Becky asked.
“Don’t worry,” interjected Malorie. “If he wants to play with his train set, I’ll buy him a new engine.”
The girls started laughing, amazed at Malorie’s brashness with her big brother.
“Thanks, Mal,” Ricky said. “You’re all heart.”
Everyone decided to make their exit when Becky left. Amanda and Dave helped her with Ethan as they headed to their car. Malorie gave Ricky and Sam a hug and told Sam to bring her musician brother the next time. After everyone had left, Sam helped Ricky clean up. 
“Thanks for helping, Sam,” Ricky told her.
“Thanks for hosting. This was great. And those burgers were incredible. I can’t believe the food you make.” Ricky laughed.
When they were done, Ricky offered her some coffee and asked if she wanted to watch the rest of the game. She said yes and they sat down on the sofa together.
“You were really great with Ethan,” Sam commented.
“He’s a nice little guy. Bet he keeps Becky busy though.”
Sam laughed. “Yeah, he is a handful at times.” 
Getting comfortable, Sam leaned over against Ricky and put her legs up on the sofa. It surprised him. He looked down at her hair. He could smell the shampoo. It smelled good. Raising his arm, he put it around her. She looked up at him. “Is this okay?”
“Yeah,” he said.
She looked at the TV and laid her head back against him.
“You have pretty hair,” he commented. She smiled. “And it smells good.” This made her giggle. They watched for a while longer before Sam decided she better go back to her apartment. She was feeling mixed up inside and needed to sort things out. Ricky walked her back. Sam reached out with her fingers as they walked and touched his hand. Looking at her, he extended his fingers and they interlocked. 
When they reached the door, Sam turned and looked at him. She ran her finger across the scar on his cheek and said, “Good night, tough guy.” Ricky smiled. “Good night, Sam.” She went to unlock the door and then looking back at him, stepped closer and gave him a long hug. Ricky closed his eyes. He held her until she let go. Stepping into her apartment, she gave him a little wave and said good night again.
Walking back, a wave of emotion came over him. Sam’s affection surprised him. But what surprised him more was his reaction. He was glad it happened. He didn’t think he was capable of feeling like this again. Closing his door, he wondered if that’s what Sam wanted. He wondered if that’s what he wanted.










X

Sam was angry Chad seemed to be avoiding her. At the same time, she was really starting to have mixed emotions about Ricky. He didn’t seem like just a friend anymore. She genuinely liked the guy. Everything about him seemed right. And they had so much fun when they did things together. If she had to choose who she would rather be with, it was Ricky.
Turning her thoughts back to Chad, it seemed like their relationship had run its course. In an attempt to discuss it, she texted him several times during the week and even tried to call him. He replied to a couple of texts saying he was really busy with work and had spent the whole weekend with his parents. But he didn’t return any of the calls. Sam was beginning to believe maybe he was seeing someone else. Finally, she texted him to say they needed to talk about their relationship. Chad replied, I can come over after work tomorrow.  

֎֎֎֎֎

With so much turmoil in her life, Sam just needed some down time. Her surgery was in two days and she didn’t look forward to seeing Chad. She called Lisa and asked for a comp day. Lisa told her to take the rest of the week off. She wished Sam good luck again with the biopsy and they hung up.
Sam knew there was one place she always felt at peace and that was her parent’s house. Deciding to go visit, she showered, threw on some denim washed leggings, a grey Cashmere v-neck sweater and drove over.
Laura and Frank were surprised but always thrilled when Sam walked through the door. She had been there quite frequently with her dad’s health issues, but it was typically on the weekend or late afternoon.
“Well, well, well,” said her dad, as he looked over from his recliner. “Look what the cat dragged in.”
Sam laughed. “Hi, pop. Looks like you’re getting your sense of humor back.” She gave him a hug and then gave her mom a hug as Laura came into the living room.
“Are you on a late shift this week?” her mom asked.
“No, I just wasn’t busy this morning so I thought I would come hang out with you, if that’s all right.”
Laura sensed something was wrong, but didn’t push it. She asked her if she wanted some tea instead.
“That would be nice,” Sam replied as she went to curl up on the couch.
Her mom disappeared back into the kitchen and Sam turned her attention to what her dad was watching. It was his favorite show, Law and Order. 
“Aren’t these all reruns?” she teased him.
Frank gave her a look and shook his finger at her. “I haven’t seen this one.” Sam just smiled and shook her head, knowing they were reruns and he most likely did see this episode.
“How’s work?” Frank asked, also wondering if everything was okay.
“Fine.” 
“And this Chad fellow? Still seeing him?” he asked as Laura came back in and sat down in her chair next to Frank. The way they had their furniture arranged, Sam always thought they reminded her of Archie and Edith Bunker.
“Kind of,” Sam shrugged.
“What does that mean, kind of?” he continued.
“He’s coming over this afternoon to talk. I’m not sure we will be together after our conversation.”
“Does he want to break up with you?” Laura asked.
“I want to break up with him,” Sam said resignedly.
“Hmm,” her father commented. And after a pause, added, “Good for you.”
Without any comment from her mom, Sam knew exactly how they felt about Chad. Maybe that’s why she came over; to validate her decision. The tea kettle started to whistle and her mom disappeared once again into the kitchen. Coming back a moment later, she had a tray with three cups of tea. She gave one to Sam and her dad, and then sat down with the last cup. They watched the show together in silence and drank their tea. After tea, Sam laid back and drifted off to sleep.
She woke with a start to find her mom shaking her shoulder. Looking around, she saw her dad was napping as well. Sam stretched and sat up.
“You want me to make you a sandwich for lunch?”
“What time is it, mom?”
“Almost two,” Laura replied.
Sam couldn’t believe she had been asleep that long. With so much on her mind lately, sleep had been elusive. She was tired; tired of dead end relationships, worrying about the biopsy and worrying about her dad. She hoped things would change for the better. Walking into the kitchen, she joined her mom at the table and ate her sandwich. 
As she finished eating, her mom took her plate and put it in the sink. Returning to the table, she began asking questions, once again revealing her motherly radar.
“Anything wrong, Samantha?” She never did like the nickname Sam. Laura was the only person, other than strangers, who called her by her full name.
“Not really, why?” Sam lied.
“You’re acting like you have something on your mind,” her mom explained.
Sam smiled. “You always could tell when something was wrong.”
Her mom just looked at her, waiting for her to reveal what was troubling her. Sam wasn’t about to discuss the biopsy. She used Chad as a way to divert attention from what was really on her mind.
“Just Chad. It’s over between us.”
“Well, I have to agree with your father on this one. I never did like that guy. He wasn’t nice to you.” 
Sam just looked at her glass of water, not wanting to hear her mom’s disappointment over her choice of guys.
Laura put her hand on Sam’s. “You deserve better.” 
“Okay, mom,” Sam said, trying to dodge the issue.
“We worry about you,” her mom persisted. 
“I know,” Sam said standing up. “Look, I’ve got to get back. Thanks for the sandwich.”
Laura stood up and gave her a hug. Then Sam went in the living room and said goodbye to her dad. Leaving the house, she let out a sigh of relief. It was depressing to be lectured by her parents at her age and just another reason she felt totally inadequate.

֎֎֎֎֎

After returning home, Sam laid down on the couch. She dozed off for a few more minutes and was awakened by a knock at the door. She got up and opened it to find Chad standing there with his charming smile that had gotten old a long time ago. 
“Hey,” she said as she opened the door and walked to the kitchen. 
“Hey?” he said as he followed her after closing the door. “Is that all I get?”
Sam leaned against the counter with her arms crossed. “You're late again.” 
“Sorry, babe. I got sidetracked. We can still go out,” he said as he got close to her. He tried to put his arms around her but she didn't change her stance. “Oh come on, what's wrong? So I'm a little late. Don't bust my balls, Sam.” 
She looked at him, “First of all, I didn’t ask you over to go out.”
He rolled his eyes.
“Second, I went to the doctor a few days ago.” 
He put his arms down and stepped back. “You’re pregnant?” he asked with a hint of anger.
“No. I have a lump in my breast. The doctor says I need to have a biopsy.” Her eyes started to tear.
Chad shook his head and put his hands up in the air. “Whoa. That's serious stuff.” 
“Yeah,” she said, kind of laughing at his response, “It is.” 
“Cancer...,” he said out loud as he mulled the word. 
“I didn't say cancer,” she said angrily. 
“Alright, alright. Damn, you're wound up today. So what are you going to do?”
“I'm going to have the biopsy,” she said in amazement. How could he be so nonchalant? She wondered what would have been his reaction if she had said she was pregnant. Would he have run out on her also?
“You know what, forget it.” 
“Hey, you brought it up.” 
She looked at him, seething. 
“You're on thin ice.” 
“Why? he said holding up his hands. I came over to take you out and you're all over me because you have to have a biopsy. You said it yourself, it doesn't mean you have cancer.” 
She calmed down. “Okay. Sorry.” She paused for a moment. Wanting to prove to herself his lack of commitment to their relationship, she asked, “Do you think you can take me?”
“For the biopsy? I'll probably have to work. What about your sister?”
“I'd prefer not asking her. With the stuff happening with my dad, I don't want to worry them. I'd rather find out first if I have to tell them anything,” she said looking down at her feet. 
They were quiet for a moment, than Chad spoke. “You know, with all the stuff you got going on, maybe we should just take a break for a while.”
And there it was. She looked back up at him with her mouth open. “What?”
“It's just...a lot. Kind of heavy stuff, Sam. I think we should cool it for a while. Give each other some space.” 
She just stared at him but her glare could have cut right through him like a knife. 
“We’re through. Get out,” she said finally. 
He looked at her and didn't say anything. She just kept staring at him. He put his hands in the air as if to say, I give up and left, slamming the door behind him. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam went to the living room and lay down on the couch. She took a pillow and laid it on her chest, holding it with both hands. Reaching over to the coffee table, she grabbed her cell phone and texted Becky. 
I just broke up with Chad. 
About ten seconds later, her phone rang. Sam answered it. 
“What happened?” Becky asked. 
“You won't believe the conversation I just had.” 
“Details.” 
“Beck...”
“Yeah. What is it Sam?” Becky said, sensing something was amiss. 
“I found a lump. In my breast.” 
Becky was silent. “Oh my God,” she finally managed to say. 
Sam started to cry. 
“Want me to come over?”
“No, you have Ethan to take care of.  I'll be alright. Just kind of hit me. I may have taken it out on Chad, but God, can he piss me off.”
“What did he do?”
“I was already a little upset when he arrived because he was late as usual. We kind of got into a fight and after I calmed down, I told him about the biopsy. I asked him if he would take me and he told me with all of the stuff I have going on maybe we needed to take a break.” 
“That prick. And exactly what stuff was he referring to?” 
“My dad and this, I guess. He suggested Amanda take me and I told him I didn't want to tell my family because of my dad's heart attack. Last thing I want to do right now is worry him.” 
“I don’t blame you. Don’t worry about it, I'll take you, sweetie.” 
“Thanks Beck,” she said as she continued to cry. 
“If it's any consolation, Sam, you're better off without him.” 
“I know. Life just sucks right now. Would have been nice to have someone, you know?”
“Yeah, I do. Believe me, I know,” she said laughing. 
Sam gave a small laugh. “Thanks, Beck.” 
“Yeah. Try not to worry. I know it's easy for me to say, but I’ll be there for you.”  
“I can’t help but worry.” 
“Hey, Becky said,” trying to cheer her up. “You and Ricky seem to be getting along pretty good.” 
Sam shook her head. “Oh, Beck. Not now. The last thing I need to do is mess up my friendship with Ricky,” she laughed. 
“I'm just saying....”
“You know, he's a nice guy. And we're great friends. But he just lost his wife and I'm a wreck. I'm sure he doesn't need me in his life right now. And I don't want to lose a friend trying to screw up another relationship.” 
“Wow, somebody's confidence is at an all time low.” 
“Maybe Chad's right. Maybe I just need to take a break.” 
“Hang in there, beautiful. Life will get better.” 
“That's what Ricky calls me,” Sam said unconsciously. 
“Ricky calls you beautiful?”
“Sometimes...in a friendly kind of way, Beck.” 
“Hmm. I just think maybe before you completely give up on guys, you consider that cutie pie next door.” 
“Good night, Beck,” Sam said as she tried to sound disinterested. 
“Good night, Sam,” Becky said laughing. “See you at work tomorrow. We need to continue this conversation.” 
“I'm hanging up,” she laughed. She laid the phone back down on the coffee table and stared at the ceiling for awhile. Still haven't eaten, she thought. Getting up, she walked into the kitchen and looked in the fridge. There was a half eaten salad. Dinner.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Sam went to work. Even though Lisa had given her the day off, she knew they were short-handed and she was going to be out all next week for her recovery. She enjoyed taking care of her patients and this would keep her mind busy. Becky was on the same shift also and they worked their rounds together. 
As the afternoon was waning, Becky received a call from Ethan’s daycare. They had just picked him up from school and he was running a fever. With her little boy sick, Becky had to leave work early and pick him up. She went to get her purse and let the charge nurse know a family emergency had come up.
Looking for Sam, she walked over to the computer station to find her inputting some patient information. 
“Sam, Ethan is sick,” she said as she walked up to her.
Sam turned in her chair. “Oh no,” she said.
“I’m leaving to pick him up. I’m not sure about tomorrow,” she said with some uncertainty.
It dawned on her at that moment the implication of what Becky was saying. She stood up and gave Becky a hug.
“Don’t worry about it, Beck. I’ll drive myself or call Amanda if I need to,” knowing she would just drive herself.
“You sure? I’m really sorry. Let me call you tonight when I get him home. If he’s feeling better, I’ll still take you, okay?”
“Okay, but if he’s not well, you stay home with your little boy. Understood?”
“Understood,” Becky said as she gave her a hug. “Good luck tomorrow if I don’t see you. I’ll be checking on you. Love you, sweetie.” Then she left to pick up her son.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky was returning home after a long day at the office. He and Sam hadn’t seen a lot of each other lately; both busy with work. As he walked up the sidewalk, he saw Sam sitting on her porch. 
“Hey, Sam.”
She looked his way and after a pause, said, “Hey, Ricky.” Looking away, she continued, “You’re home late.”
“Yeah. Busy.”
He started to go inside but as he unlocked his door, he looked back at her. She was staring off into the distance, with her bare feet up on the chair and her chin resting on her knees. 
“Everything okay? Aren’t your feet cold?”
She looked back at him and said, “Yeah, I’m fine,” as her voice broke.
Ricky put his satchel down inside the door and walked over to her.
“How is your dad, Sam?” thinking he may have taken a turn for the worse.
She paused again. “He’s okay. Still recovering; trying to get his strength back.”
Ricky sat down next to her. He could tell something was wrong. She looked like she had been crying. “So what’s wrong, beautiful?”
She smiled at him and gave him a small laugh as she looked down. “You can always make me smile.” 
“Well, I like your smile.” 
She looked at him again and their eyes met. He knew something was wrong, but didn’t push it. They just sat there for a while until she broke the silence.
“I found a lump, Ricky. I’m having a biopsy tomorrow to see if it’s cancer.”
There was a stunned silence. He couldn’t believe what she had said. 
“Where?”
“At an outpatient surgical center my doctor referred me to.”
“No, I mean where’s the lump?”
“Oh, it’s in my breast. The right one,” she said as she pointed to it.
Ricky rubbed his hand across his face. 
“Who’s taking you? Chad or Amanda? You know, Dave never said anything about this.”
“I haven’t told Amanda, Ricky. And you can’t say anything. I don’t want to upset my family; especially my dad. Not right now.”
Ricky was speechless. “So is Chad taking you?”
“I broke up with him. He suggested we needed some space when I told him about it. He said cancer was a little too heavy for him.” 
“Wow,” he said, shaking his head. Dave was right; he was a piece of work! “But you don't know if it’s cancer. It could be benign.” 
“Well, I guess he didn’t want to wait around to find out,” she said as tears were streaming down her face. “Becky was going to take me but she just called because her kid is sick. So, I’m just going to drive myself.”
“No, you’re not, Sam. I’ll take you,” he said adamantly. 
“Ricky, you just said you’re busy with work. I don’t want to put anybody out last minute. I’ll be fine.”
“Sam, look at me.” She did. “I’ll take you.”
Tears were flowing freely now. She didn’t want to do this alone. Letting out a sigh, she said, “Okay.” Then she looked at him. “Thanks.”
“Don’t mention it. I have to go change and call Gwen, our secretary. Have you eaten?”
“I can’t before surgery. I’m inside twelve hours.”
“Right. Well, what time do you have to be there?”
“Five. AM.”
“Ouch.” 
She laughed. “I know.” 
“Well, okay. I’m going to go change. You want some company? You can come watch TV with me if you want.”
“I’d like that. Not really wanting to be alone right now.” 
“Come on then. Lock up and let’s go channel surf.”
She went inside, put on her slippers and got her keys. Walking back out, she locked the door and walked over to Ricky. He put his arm around her and they went to his apartment. After going inside, Sam walked over to the couch and sat down. 
“Find something to watch and I’ll be right back.” 
Ricky went to his bedroom and dialed Gwen’s number on his cell phone as he walked down the hallway. When Gwen answered, Ricky told her he wasn’t feeling well and wouldn’t be in the next day. He asked her to pass the message on to Dave and they hung up. He then changed into some sweatpants and a t-shirt and came back to the living room.
“You look comfortable. I couldn’t find anything to watch.”
“If you want, I could put on some music instead. I’m setting my alarm for four. Do you want to leave at four-thirty?” 
“Sure.”
Ricky turned on his iPad and set his alarm. He then opened up iTunes and selected a playlist with some mellow music. Sitting down next to her, they laid back and put their feet up on the couch. Sam laid her head down on his chest and he put his arm around her. She was so happy to have Ricky for a friend. He had really rescued her tonight. She had felt so low sitting on her porch alone and now she lay in the arms of a really good friend.
“Ricky?”
“Yeah?”
“Can we just lay here until it’s time to leave? I don’t want to go back to my apartment.”
“Sure. Get some rest. Try not to worry. Everything will be okay.” 
“I hope so.” She patted his chest with her hand. “Thanks for going with me. I don’t know what I would have done if I had to go by myself. I’m scared, Ricky.”
“You’re not alone, Sam. I’ll be there and we’ll get through this. Okay?”
She started to sob. “Okay.” She cried for a while longer as Ricky held her and finally drifted off to sleep. They both did.

֎֎֎֎֎

It seems like he had just gotten to sleep when the alarm went off. Ricky couldn’t get up because Sam was lying against him, although she was starting to stir from the repetitive clock tower chime. He reached over and grabbed the iPad. Swiping the screen, he turned the alarm off.
“Sam?” he said as he rubbed her arm. 
“Hmm,” she managed in response. 
“Come on. We have to get ready to go.” He moved her hair out of her face and tried to sit up. Sam opened her eyes and looking at him, tried to figure out where she was.
It finally started to make sense and she realized why they were getting up so early. Rolling over, she sat up and stretched her arms.
Standing so Ricky could get up, he put his hand in the small of her back and coaxed her over to the door. “Go take care of what you need to and meet me back outside in twenty minutes.”
“Okay,” she said still half asleep. She walked over to her apartment while Ricky watched her until she was inside. He went to the bathroom. Splashing some water in his face, he washed up and quickly changed into some jeans and a thermal shirt.
Outside, he locked his door just as Sam was exiting her apartment. The drive to the surgery center was uneventful. With absolutely no traffic, it was the perfect time of day to drive anywhere in town unimpeded. They went to the reception area and Sam checked in. Sitting down until her name was called, she looked over at Ricky. He looked tired. She couldn’t believe he was making this sacrifice for her and felt guilty for having to be there so early.
She patted him on the shoulder. “Thanks again.”
Resting his elbows on his thighs, he looked over at her and smiled. “You’ll be home before you know it. And I think everything is going to be okay.”
She smiled back at him. 
“You’ve got a pretty smile, Sam.” His tenderness amazed her. 
“And you’ve got a great heart. My prince charming in my hour of need,” she said as she ran her fingers through his hair. “I’m lucky to have you here with me.”
He leaned back and she rested her head on his shoulder. They sat there for a few more minutes before a nurse came and called her back. Standing up, she looked at Ricky. “Wait for me?”
He stood up and gave her a hug. “I’ll be right here.” 
She went back with the nurse and looked back at him as she went through the door. He gave her a reassuring smile and wave. She waved back and the door closed behind her.














XI

In the surgery prep area, Sam went through the motions of being admitted. Abbey, her nurse, had her change into a gown and then went through a litany of admission forms. After Sam felt like she had signed her life away, the nurse placed a bracelet on her wrist and took her vitals.
“Okay, Samantha, just lie down and the doctor will be in to see you shortly,” Abbey stated.
“Thanks, Abbey,” she replied. 
The nurse pulled the curtain as she lay down on the bed. Waiting there seemed so impersonal. The staff left her to wait while they prepped for surgery. Fortunately, she did not have to wait long. The curtain parted and in walked her doctor.
“Hello, Ms. Samantha,” she said. “I am Doctor Veronica Kim. How are you doing today?” she asked with a smile. Dr. Kim was a pleasant person with the perfect disposition for a doctor. Her family had fled North Korea many years ago and she was born and raised in Massachusetts. Her long black hair was pulled back in a pony tail, accentuating her high cheek bones.  With her hectic schedule and perfectly smooth skin, there was no reason to wear makeup. Standing at only five feet, four inches, her confidence, skill and knowledge made her a giant in a hospital room.
“I’m fine Dr. Kim. A little nervous though,” Sam added.
“Well, that is to be expected,” she said as she looked at the computer screen. “But don’t you worry,” she said as she patted Sam’s hand. “We are going to take very good care of you.” 
“Could you go over what’s going to happen again?”
“Of course. The ultrasound showed us that the lump is a fluid filled cyst. So, what we are going to do is called a fine needle aspiration. It is the simplest biopsy and the least invasive of the three options and I will be using the needle to aspirate the cyst. Once I have drawn all of the fluid out, the lump will collapse and dissolve into the tissue. We will send a sample to pathology to rule out any chance of cancer.”
“And the chance is pretty low?”
“Most of the time with a cyst there is no cancer. Around eighty percent of the time. In your case, I believe the chances are even slimmer. But we want to make sure so you don’t have anything to worry about, okay?”
Sam smiled. Dr. Kim had such a calming ability with her warm personality and steadfast confidence. “Okay. Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. This will require anesthesia and you won’t want to drive when we release you. Do you have someone with you today that can take you home?”
“I do,” Sam said as she thought about Ricky. Again, she felt really blessed to have a friend who would take the day off to help her. “There’s a good looking cowboy out in the waiting room that will drive me home.”
The doctor laughed. “Okay, very good then,” she said as she picked up her clipboard. “Now don’t go anywhere. I will be right back and then we will get started. In the meantime, the anesthesiologist will be in to visit with you.” 
She left Sam alone for several minutes as they made preparations. The anesthesiologist, Drew, came in to introduce himself. He explained the process, and because she was more comfortable with a sedative, they would use an IV instead of just a local anesthesia. Drew excused himself and said they would get started in a few minutes.
Eventually, Abbey came back in and started to prep. She brought in a tray with the surgical utensils on it. Drew returned with his mask and gloves on. He wheeled an IV over beside the bed. Then he went through the process of verifying the patient, as Abbey had also done when she came back. That was done once more with Dr. Kim as the assembled team then went to work.
 Sam didn’t remember much once the anesthesia began. The staff was busily moving around her and then it got quiet. When she started to regain consciousness, the room seemed blurry at first and she was completely discombobulated. The anesthetic effects still lingered but Sam slowly started to piece together her surroundings.
Dr. Kim was standing next to her. 
“How are you doing, Miss Samantha?”
Sam tried to say something but was only able to mumble something incoherent.
Dr. Kim took her hand and rubbed it. “She’s starting to come out of it now.” Abbey was busy cleaning up the area and clearing all of the surgical remnants from around the bed. They continued to check in on her and worked like busy little ants. The anesthesia seemed to wear off enough for Sam to answer questions.
“How do you feel, Sam?” Drew asked.
“Okay,” she said softly. “Can I have some water?”
“We’ll get you some juice in a minute. The procedure went great and you didn’t have any problems with the anesthesia. You may have broken a record for how quickly my patients are sedated.” 
Sam gave a small laugh. “I don’t remember anything.”
“That’s what we want. Dr. Kim likes to use the anesthesia over a local in these cases, particularly when the patient seems to be a little anxious. She said you were a little concerned.”
“I’m glad we did it this way. I didn’t really want to be awake while it was going on.”
“I don’t blame you. This is the easiest for everyone involved and you had a great response to the anesthesia.” Drew took her hand and gently shook it. “Hope everything is okay, Sam. Take care and thanks for being such a great patient.”
“Thanks, Drew,” she said as he left and Dr. Kim came back.
“Abbey is getting some juice for you, Miss Samantha. The biopsy went well. This procedure is pretty quick. There was no solid mass there, just fluid. The lump collapsed and a cell sample was collected.”
“Will pathology contact me when they get the results?”
“They will send the results to your doctor. It will probably take a week, maybe less. I would set up an appointment for the end of next week.” 
“Okay. Is there going to be any pain? How long before I can return to work?”
“There will be some discomfort. You can expect some swelling and bruising. I will give you some medicine for the pain and I would plan on getting some rest for a few days. See how you feel. Once the pain goes away and you don’t need any more medication, you can return to work.”
“Thanks, Dr. Kim.” The doctor shook her hand and went to check on her discharge.
Abbey came back with the juice. Once Sam was up to it, she had her change back into her clothes. When the paperwork was completed and the doctor signed her discharge, Abbey went to get a wheel chair.

֎֎֎֎֎

Out in the waiting room, Ricky had held off on coffee, hoping he would doze off and get a little shut eye while he waited. Surprisingly, he had no problem falling asleep. He managed to sleep for about an hour, when his phone rang. It was Dave. Ricky tried to shake off some of the grogginess as he answered it.
“Hey, Dave.”
“Hey, man. How are you feeling? Gwen said you weren’t feeling well.”
“Yeah, a little under the weather,” he said as he tried to come up with a story. “Hope I didn’t leave you too short-handed today.”
“No worries. It was a slow day; everything’s covered. We still on for a round of golf tomorrow afternoon?” 
“Oh, I forgot. I think I’m going to have to pass. Maybe next weekend?”
Dave could hear a patient being called in the background.
“Are you at the doctor?”
“Uh, yeah. Decided to come in and get checked out. Kind of a rough night.”
“Did you drive yourself? You should have called me, man. Want me to come over?”
“I appreciate it Dave, but it’s not necessary. I’m getting around okay; just feel a little cruddy.” 
“Okay, dude. Call me if you need something. Hope you get better soon.”
“Thanks. I will.” He sighed as he hung up. That was close, he thought.

֎֎֎֎֎

Once Sam was released, Abbey notified Ricky and he went to drive his Mercedes around to the side door where they would bring her. As he pulled up, Abbey came out pushing Sam in a wheelchair. Ricky walked around the car and opened the passenger side door to help her in.
“Sam has her pain medication,” Abbey explain to Ricky. “Make sure she gets plenty of rest for the next couple of days. The anesthesia is still wearing off, so she may need some help getting around.”
“Thanks,” Ricky said. “Does she have a number to call if there are any problems?”
“Yes, she has a sheet of paper with all of that information. The prescription bottle says when to take it.”
“All right,” Ricky replied. “I think we've got it. Thanks for your help.”
“Take care, Sam,” Abbey said. “Hope everything turns out okay.”
“Thanks, Abbey,” Sam said quietly.
Ricky closed her door. As he got in the car, he looked over to see Sam still hadn't buckled her seatbelt. She sat there with her eyes closed.
“Sam, we need to put your seatbelt on.”
Looking over at the seatbelt, Sam pulled it across to buckle it. As it came across her chest, she winced. Ricky pulled the shoulder strap over her head so it went behind her. Then he fastened the buckle.
“Better?” 
“Yes,” she said. She reclined the seat and Ricky drove her home. It only took fifteen minutes to get back to the apartment. Helping her out of the car, he hooked her arm with his and walked with her to the gate. He managed to unlock it with one hand and then guided her to the apartment. Once inside, he brought her to the bedroom and laid her down.
Sam was still a little groggy and had been given some pain medication before she left. All she wanted to do was sleep. Ricky pulled her shoes off and laid a blanket across her. Closing her door, he went to the living room and sat down on the couch. It was already after eleven. He decided to take a quick power nap.
When he woke up, it seems like he had just closed his eyes. Looking at his phone, it was just after two in the afternoon. He sat up and rubbed his eyes. Fortunately, he didn't have anywhere to go because he needed that nap.
Walking to the bathroom, he went in to use it and splash some water on his face. After drying off, he opened Sam’s door to look in on her. She was sound asleep.
Ricky was pretty hungry by this point. He had survived on snacks from the vending machine while at the surgery center. He decided to order some pizza from Antonio's and have it delivered. Checking Sam's fridge afterwards, he saw she had a couple of Heineken's, a Sam Adams and an Amstel Light. Grabbing a Heineken, he went back to the couch and turned the TV on.
There was a knock on the door about half an hour later. Ricky went to answer it. It was the pizza delivery.
“Hello, sir,” the young delivery man said as he handed Ricky the pizza. “The total is fourteen dollars and seventy cents.”
Ricky put the pizza on the table and pulled a twenty out of his wallet.
“Here you go,” he said. “Keep the change.”
“Thank you,” he said with a smile. “Enjoy your pizza.”
Ricky grabbed some napkins from the kitchen and brought the pizza in the living room. Opening the box, he found a hot pepperoni pizza with green peppers, black olives and mushrooms staring at him. He could feel his mouth salivate as he picked up a slice. He was working on his second piece when he heard the bedroom door open. Sam came shuffling in looking like she had a bad hangover.
“Morning, sunshine,” Ricky said.
Sam tried not to laugh. She rubbed her eyes. “Is that Antonio’s I smell?”
“You hungry?”
“I'm starved.” Realizing she didn't have a bra on, she moved her arms to cover her chest. “I'm sorry, Ricky. I'm not wearing a bra.”
“Don't get all modest on me,” he said. “It's not like I haven't seen you naked,” he reminded her as he gave her a wink.
Her eyes widened and she started to blush. “Don't make me laugh,” she said sternly, pointing a finger at him.
He went to the kitchen to get her a plate and bottle of Fuji water out of the fridge.
“Here you go,” he said as he placed a slice on her plate.
Sam took a bite. “Oh God, this is so good.”
Ricky nodded. “That was my reaction. I love this pizza.”
“Don't forget who introduced you to it,” she reminded him.
“I haven't. And thank you again.” 
Sam gave a little laugh. She put her hand up to her chest as she did. “I can't believe how painful that surgery was. I thought it would be just a little sore.”
“Are you taking your pain meds?”
“I need to. Where are they?” she asked.
Ricky had placed the bottle on the kitchen bar. He went over and shook a pill into his hand. Giving it to Sam, she took it and handed him the water bottle.
“Will you open it?”
Ricky smiled. “I think you're enjoying being a patient,” he said as he took the bottle. 
Sam giggled. “I'm being well taken care of. Thank you,” she said as he handed it back. She swallowed the pill and then got another slice of pizza. After two slices, she put her plate on the coffee table and grabbed a pillow. 
Trying to get comfortable, she changed positions a few times.
“Here,” Ricky finally said as he stood up. “Switch places with me.” 
She scooted down on the couch as he moved to the left side. He put the pillow in his lap and patted it with his hand. “Lay down.”
She smiled as she lay down on the pillow and curled up.
“Better?”
“Uh-huh,” she said contentedly.
Ricky had been channel surfing, when he came across the movie, Antwone Fisher. It was just starting and he hadn't seen it before.
“You ever see this movie?” he asked Sam.
“I have,” she replied. “It's really good.”
Ricky put the remote down and they watched the movie. Sam drifted in and out of sleep. At one point, she woke with a start, as if she were having a bad dream. He brushed her back out of her face with his fingers. A tear had formed in the corner of her eye and ran down across her nose. She mumbled something unintelligible, but whispered, “My baby” at the end. 
Worried the pain meds might be wearing off, he tried to wake her. Brushing his thumb across her cheek, Ricky quietly said, “Hey, Sam.” Rubbing her arm, he said a little louder, “Sam.”
She let out a sigh. Opening her eyes, she laid there for a moment trying to collect her thoughts. Between the lingering effects of anesthesia and pain meds, Sam felt really disoriented. Recognizing she was in her living room, she turned her head to see Ricky and everything started to come back to her. 
“Hey,” she said softly.
“How are you feeling?” Ricky asked.
“Sore,” she replied. “What time is it?”
“Almost ten. You were starting to stir. It sounded like you were having a bad dream. I thought the pain medication might be wearing off.”
Sam sat up and pushed her hair back out of her face. Looking at Ricky, she said, “Sorry I had you trapped there for so long.”
“I wouldn’t mind stretching my legs,” he commented. 
Sam gave a subdued laugh as she cupped her right breast with her hand.
“Wow. This sucks. I’m glad I took time off.” 
“How long will the pain last?” Ricky asked. “Did they say?”
“A few days, at the most. I just have to take it easy and get plenty of rest. I took the week off, so I’ll be okay.”
“Yeah, you’re tough,” Ricky observed.
Sam smiled. “Thanks for staying with me, Ricky. I couldn’t have done this without you.” She leaned up against him and he put his arm around her. 
“Glad I could be there for you, neighbor. You want me to sleep here on the couch tonight or just come back in the morning?” he asked.
“I’d like it if you stayed,” she said as she put her hand on his chest. “I think I’m going to take another Demerol and go to bed. Do you mind staying?”
“Not at all. I’m going to run to my apartment and change. I’ll grab some things and be right back, okay?”
“Okay. Thanks,” she said, standing up. As Ricky stood up, Sam gingerly gave him a hug. As she went to take her medication, Ricky went to get his things. When he came back, Sam was tucking a sheet in the couch cushions. 
“You don’t have to go through all that trouble,” Ricky said as he threw a pillow on the couch.
“It’s no trouble,” she replied back. She unfolded a blanket and spread it out. As he walked over to her, she patted him on the arm. “I know you Air Force boys like your creature comforts.”
“Haha,” Ricky replied. 
“You all set?” she asked. 
“All set,” he smiled. 
“Make yourself at home. Help yourself to anything in the fridge.”
“Thanks, Sam,” Ricky said as she gave him another hug.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next morning, Ricky woke up to find Sam sitting at the end of the couch, texting on her phone. She saw Ricky start to move around.
“Morning, cowboy.”
Ricky stretched and looked at his watch to see the time. It was almost nine.
“Morning, beautiful. Feeling better?”
“A little. I slept great. You sleep okay?”
“Yeah, I did actually,” he said as he sat up. “There any coffee?”
“I just made a fresh pot. Want me to pour you a cup?” she asked as she started to get up.
“No,” he said as he made a motion with his hand for her to stay where she was. “You’re supposed to be taking it easy. I’ll get it.”
He walked to the kitchen in his athletic shorts and t-shirt while Sam watched him. Pouring a cup, he came back in the living room and sat down next to Sam. 
“Good coffee,” he said after taking a sip.
“Thanks,” she said. “Becky just texted me. She wants to come over and visit. You’re welcome to stay, but you can take the afternoon off if you have things to do. I know it’s your weekend and I don’t want to take up all of your time.”
“I do need to get some things done, especially laundry. I have to get back to work Monday. You think you’ll be okay by then?” Ricky asked concerned.
“I’m staying home, but I’ll be okay by then,” she said. “You’re so sweet to worry about me. I still can’t believe you took off work Friday.”
“I’m glad I could help,” he said, patting her on the leg. “I just want you to be okay. You’re going to let me know what the pathology report says, right?”
“Of course!” she exclaimed as she turned to face him. Sam ran her hand through his hair. “Hopefully there’s not much to tell you.”
“Hopefully,” Ricky repeated. “You want some breakfast?”
“I’d love some,” she replied.
“I can bring some stuff over here or we can eat at my place. What would you prefer?”
“I’d rather not get out,” she answered. “I’m not wearing a bra and I’m not showered. Sorry about putting on a show,” she commented, referencing the obvious protrusions poking through her t-shirt.
“I’m trying not to look,” Ricky said stoically. “But you do put on a good show.”
Sam giggled. “Thanks. If it’s not too much trouble, I just want to stay here.”
“Okay. Let me go make it and I’ll be back when breakfast is ready,” he said as he walked to the door. Turning to look at her as he left, she gave him a smile and small wave. About half an hour later, Ricky came back with a tray of food. There were two plates with Eggs Benedict, strawberries and a Dannon blueberry yogurt. He set the tray on the coffee table. 
“Amazing,” Sam said emphatically as she gazed at the tray.
Ricky handed her a plate and went to refresh their coffee. Coming back, he handed her a cup. He sat down next to her and they enjoyed their breakfast together. When they were finished, Sam put her plate on the tray and laid back.
“That was so good,” she commented as she rested her hand on her stomach. Looking at him, she added, “You’re going to make me fat.”
Ricky laughed. He put his plate down and finished his coffee. 
“What time is Becky going to get here?”
“Soon. She texted me she’s on her way. Her mom is watching Ethan for a few hours.”
“Well, I think I will make myself scarce while you two visit.” 
As he stood up, Sam reached out and took his hand. “Will you come back this evening?”
“Yeah, I’ll check on you, Sam. No problem.”
“I mean, will you stay the night again?” Sam asked as she stood up.
“If that’s what the patient wants,” he replied.
“It’s what I want,” she said softly.
Ricky picked up the tray and said, “Text me then, okay?”
“Okay, thanks,” she said as she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. “Thanks again for everything.”
“You’re welcome, Sam. I’ll see you later.”

֎֎֎֎֎

 Becky showed up about fifteen minutes later and sat with her for the afternoon. Sam filled her in on the surgery and having to wait on the pathology report. Becky took her hand and kissed it. 
“Sorry I couldn’t take you,” she said.
“It’s okay, Beck. I’m glad Ethan’s feeling better.”
“It didn’t work out too bad,” Becky commented.
“What do you mean?”
“Well,” she said, sitting up, “Chad’s gone now and I can’t even begin to tell you how relieved I am to hear that. And Ricky has really come through. I think you like him,” she added.
Sam didn’t say anything right away. As her eyes started to tear up, she admitted, “I think I’m falling for him.”
“Not the worst thing you ever did,” Becky observed.
Sam laughed. “Ouch,” she said as she clutched her chest. “Don’t make me laugh.”
“You two would make the perfect couple, Sam. I’ve seen you around him. I don’t think that’s much of a revelation.”
“Really?” Sam asked surprised. “Is it that obvious I like him?”
“I think it’s obvious you like each other.”
“You think Ricky likes me? I mean more than just a friend?”
“Yeah, I do. And I know he is getting over losing his wife, but I think you are helping him do that. There’s a genuine connection between you two. Maybe it’s because you both have experienced loss,” Becky reflected.
“Don’t ever say anything to him about the miscarriage, okay? I haven’t told him yet.”
“Are you going to?”
“Yeah, eventually,” Sam said resignedly.
“I won’t say anything, you know that. But if you two become an item, you should tell him.” 
“I know,” she replied despondently.
Sam and Becky continued to talk. She enjoyed Becky’s company and was thankful for her friendship. Ricky and Becky actually made her feel happy, which surprised her, given the circumstances. They made her feel safe and what was even more surprising is she didn’t even give Chad a second thought. He wasn’t much of a loss and she had already moved on.

֎֎֎֎֎

Later that evening, after Becky left, Sam texted Ricky.
Come over? She got a quick reply.
Ordered some Chinese. Should be here in a few minutes. Will come over once it’s delivered.
Okay.
About twenty minutes later, Ricky knocked on the door. He let himself in and put a couple of bags on the table. Sam stood up and went to the kitchen to get some drinks. She made herself a glass of ice water and grabbed a beer for Ricky. They sat back down on the couch and pulled the containers out of the bags.
“I ordered the same thing as last time.”
“Perfect,” she replied as she picked up a pot sticker and took a bite. “Mmmm,” she moaned.
“That good?” Ricky said laughing. 
“Best Chinese I ever had,” she said convincingly. 
“I won’t argue with you,” Ricky retorted.
They ate dinner while talking about Becky’s visit. Sam didn’t bring up her feelings for him or the miscarriage, but she commented on Ethan and their small talk.
“It was a nice visit. She’s such a good friend. Kind of like you and Dave,” Sam said.
“Nice to have friends you can trust and rely on. I’m sure she was heartbroken not being able to be with you for surgery.”
“She was,” Sam replied. “Kind of glad you were there instead,” Sam admitted.
Ricky looked at her as he ate. “Me too,” he said.
When they were done eating, Ricky cleaned up and threw the empty containers away. He put the leftovers in the fridge so Sam could have them later. 
“Ricky, I’m going to take a shower,” she said as she walked into the kitchen. “I’m starting to feel gross.”
“I’m going to watch a little TV,” Ricky replied. “You going to be okay?”
“Yeah,” she said. “I’ll be back to say good night.”
She went to her bathroom and got undressed. Looking in the mirror, she could see the bruising around the area the needle was inserted. It was the first time she had looked at it. Stepping into the shower, she gently washed herself with her loufa and rinsed off. Then she washed her hair, which caused considerable pain as she raised her arms. She kept her arms down as she let the cascading water rinse the shampoo out of her hair. Turning the water off, she stepped out and gently dried herself. After looking at the bruise one more time, she slipped on her kimono robe and went to sit down on the bed. And then she started to cry.
Ricky thought he heard something coming from Sam’s bedroom but wasn’t sure. He muted the TV and then could distinctly hear her crying. Not sure if she had fallen, he went back to check on her. Seeing her sitting on the bed, he felt sorry for her.
He didn’t say anything as he walked over and sat down beside her. Putting his arm around her, he pulled her close. She leaned her head against his chest as she continued to cry. After several minutes, she wiped her eyes and took a deep breath.
“I don’t want to have cancer,” she said as her voice cracked.
“I know,” Ricky said. “I don’t want you to have it either. Kind of catching up to you, what’s happened over the past few days?”
“I guess so,” she admitted. “I saw myself in the mirror and the bruise kind of made it all real.”
Ricky rubbed the back of her head. “May be small comfort, but remember it’s a very minimal chance of being cancer. It more than likely was just a benign cyst. Try to relax, okay? The bruise will go away in a few days. In less than a week, you’ll just have a tiny scar to remind you of this. And that’s not so bad.”
Sam sat up and sniffled. “I think I’d rather have your scar,” she said, referencing the scar on his cheek. “At least it would make me look tough.”
Ricky chuckled. “Don’t worry, I’m sure your scar will make you look tough enough,” he said as he gave her a hug.
“I think I’m going to take a Demerol and call it a night. You’re okay to stay over again?” she asked hopefully.
“Yeah, I’ll be in the living room if you need me,” he said as he stood up. “I’ll get your pill and some water.”
“Thanks,” she said as he walked to the kitchen.
After taking her pill, Sam laid down in bed.
“You don’t want to dry your hair?” Ricky asked as he pulled the covers up on her.
“No, it’s just damp,” she said. “I’ll brush it tomorrow.”
“Okay. Good night, Sam.”
“Good night. Thank you, Ricky. For everything.”
Ricky closed her door and went back to the couch. He wasn’t tired, so he stayed up and listened to some music for a while until he finally drifted off to sleep. He woke the next morning to a very quiet apartment. Sam must have slept through the night. Good, he thought. Having that emotional release last night must have really let her relax and rest. He went in the kitchen and made some fresh coffee.
The aroma must have finally pulled her out of a deep sleep because he heard her door open as he poured a cup. She came into the kitchen with a severe case of bed head. Ricky smiled at how cute she was, even with her hair disheveled.
Seeing him smile, Sam ran her fingers through her hair and gave him a perplexed look. “Is it really that bad?”
“You look very cute this morning. Want a cup of coffee?”
Ricky was taken aback when she walked over and put her arms around him. He set his cup down and put his arms around her. “Everything okay?”
“Yeah,” she said softly. She held him for awhile and then slowly leaned back and looked at him. Ricky looked at her deep brown eyes. He could make out a few small freckles on her nose. Her skin was soft and unblemished. He wanted to kiss her. Resisting the urge, he reached up in the cabinet and pulled down a coffee cup. 
Making her coffee with one hand, he kept his other arm around her. She watched him with a slight grin as he gracefully poured her a perfect cup of morning goodness. He handed it to her when he was done and she took it with both hands. Still leaning against him, he was starting to respond to the smell of her shampoo and pressure against a certain part of his anatomy.
“Uh, Sam,” he said. “I need you to stop pressing against that area.” Sam laughed. She could feel why he was getting concerned. Stepping away, she looked before he was able to adjust his t-shirt. Smiling, she turned away and said, “Sorry.”
Ricky shook his head and laughed, realizing she knew exactly what she was doing. “You seem to be feeling a little better,” he said, following her into the living room.
Sam sat down in the middle of the couch and patted the spot behind her. “Come brush my hair. It hurts too much if I do it.”
Ricky sat down and she handed him the brush. Taking her hair in his hand, he ran the brush down and worked out all of the tangles. He leaned forward and smelled.
Sam giggled. “Are you smelling my hair?”
“What king of shampoo do you use?” Ricky chuckled.
“Herbal Essences,” she replied. “I’m glad you like it,” she added. 
After he finished brushing her hair, Ricky ran back to his apartment to make a quick breakfast for the two of them. They sat at the table next to each other and ate. When she was done, Sam interlocked her pinky finger in his and rested her head against his arm. 
Ricky was having a really tough time fighting his urges. He hadn’t experienced these feelings since Anne and Sam was openly flirting with him this morning. Knowing she had been through a lot and was taking some heavy pain meds, Ricky wasn’t about to act on his feelings. But it was the first time he wanted to be with another woman since Anne. 








XII

As good friends and family do, they watch out for one another.
Dave was worried about Ricky and Amanda hadn’t been able to get hold of her sister in a couple of days. That was unlike her. They both wanted to check on them, so they drove over after lunch on Sunday. They walked up to Sam’s apartment first and knocked on the door. They were surprised when Ricky opened it.
Ricky was chewing and had a partially eaten half a sandwich in his hand. He knew it looked awkward.
“Hey, guys. Didn’t know you were coming over,” he said quietly.
Amanda was a little exasperated. “What the heck is going on Ricky? Why are you here and where is Sam?”
Ricky knew Amanda was about to get loud and Sam was asleep. He stepped outside and closed the door behind him.
“She’s asleep. Let’s go to my apartment to talk.”
“I want to say hi to her real quick. I haven’t heard from her in a while.”
“I know, but let her sleep. Trust me,” he said in a way that made her concerned. “Let’s go talk for a minute.”
He walked over to his door and Dave followed. Amanda begrudgingly did as well, not sure what to make of what was happening.
When they got inside, Ricky closed the door and gave Amanda a hug. As he held her, he said, “Sam found a lump in her breast. She had a biopsy two day ago.”
Amanda went limp. They all stood there for a moment in silence and then she put her hands up on his chest and gently pushed away. 
“What?” she said softly as tears started to well up in her eyes.
“She had a biopsy. Her doctor wanted to see if the lump is cancer.”
Tears were streaming down Amanda’s face now. She wiped them away and looked at the door. She wanted to be with Sam.
Ricky wasn’t going to stop her. He said, “Before you go, she didn’t want to tell you because of your dad. She didn’t want to worry anybody, especially if there is nothing to worry about. The doctor said most of the time they are benign, so we have to think positive.”
“She wouldn’t tell me but she told you?” she said a little miffed as she cried.
“I found out Thursday night when I came home from work. She was sitting outside and looked like she had been crying. I sat down with her and she told me.”
“Is that why you took off from work?” said Dave. “You were at the doctor with her when I called you,” finally realizing what had happened.
Ricky just looked at him and nodded.
Amanda looked at Dave and then Ricky. “You took her?”
“I’ve been with her pretty much the whole time since she told me. She had no one else and I couldn’t convince her to call you. In my defense, I did try though.”
“What about Becky? Or Chad, for Pete’s sake?” 
“Becky was going to take her but had something come up last minute with her kid. And she broke up with Chad.”
“WHAT?” Amanda almost screamed.
“He told her he wanted some space when she told him about the biopsy.”
“I’ll kill him,” she said, looking at Dave.
“Believe me, Amanda,” said Dave, “Chad out of the picture is a good thing. She didn’t need that douche in her life. She’s so much better than him and deserves more.”
Amanda didn’t say anything. Dave was right. She looked at Ricky.
“Thanks, Ricky. For being there.”
Ricky nodded. 
“I need to go see her.” 
“I’m going to stay here so you can have some time alone,” said Dave.
“Okay,” she said and left.

֎֎֎֎֎

“Ricky,” Dave said as he sat down on the sofa. “That was really nice of you to help Sam.”
 “I’m glad she didn’t have to do that alone,” Ricky reflected. “I wanted her to call Amanda, but she wouldn’t budge on the issue.” 
“So, how is she doing?” he called out as Ricky disappeared into the kitchen.
“Better,” he said, returning with a couple of beers. “She was a little scared and anxious about the surgery but it went as well as can be expected. She’s is in some pain but that should only last a couple of days. But it’s a waiting game for the results.” 
“When does she find out?” Dave said, taking a swig of his beer.
“Later this week. She has to see her doctor for the results.”
“We need to go with her. She should have her family with her right now. I still can’t believe she didn’t say anything. Thank God you saw her.” 
Ricky nodded as he thought about that night he saw Sam.
“You two have become pretty good friends.”
Ricky looked at him. “She’s a great neighbor. We do spend a lot of time together and I enjoy her company.”
Dave took another drink as he watched him. “Uh-huh.”
Ricky glanced at him out of the corner of his eyes. “We’re friends, Dave. She just broke up with someone and I don’t know if I’m ready to go down that road yet.”
“It’s been almost a year, Ricky. You sold your house so you could move on, remember?” 
“I don’t want to forget Anne,” he said shaking his head.
“I know,” Dave sighed. “She was a beautiful woman. You two were a great couple,” he said as he held up his bottle in toast. “You know I feel really bad about your loss. And you shouldn’t ever forget her. But just know one thing. I remember how you were with her. You were happy. She made you laugh; she made you smile. You lost that when you lost her. I was worried about you and how depressed you became. I can’t tell you how relieved I am to see you finding something to be happy about again. And you are happy around Sam. I can see it and so can Amanda. Sam brings out the same joy for life that Anne did.” 
Ricky was looking down at his beer. He was listening to what Dave was saying, but hadn’t really considered how close he was getting to Sam. They had become really good friends. In fact, given different circumstances, he probably would have asked her out by now.
“I helped a friend. For now, I don’t want her to read anything more into it than that. Given what just happened with Chad, she shouldn’t rush into anything. And I don’t want to rush into anything either. We both need some time.”
Dave shrugged. “Okay.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Amanda stayed with Sam for the next couple of days. She convinced her to let Brian and their mom know what was going on. They stopped by over the next few days as Amanda continued to mother her little sister. Becky would also stop by on her way home from work and visit with her and Amanda. Her little boy was back to full speed but she still felt bad about not taking Sam.
“Please don’t feel bad,” Sam told her. “I’m really glad Ricky took me and stayed with me afterwards. I’m happy I got to spend the time with him.” 
Ricky came by during the week but let them have their space. One afternoon, after he had stopped in, Sam was lying on the couch with her feet up on Amanda’s lap watching a movie. She muted the TV and looked at Amanda.
Amanda looked at her, wondering why she had turned down the volume and saw a perplexed look on her face. “What?”
“Do you like Ricky?”
She knew where this was going right away. Just the way Sam looked at him and acted when he came over. She didn’t behave like he was just a friend. Her face lit up when she saw him and she was overly affectionate.
Instinctively, she wanted to go on the defensive and protect her sister, but Ricky wasn’t just another guy. Amanda knew him and saw what a great husband he was and how much he loved Anne. She also saw how much happier he was around Sam. They were more than friends now. Something had changed.
Amanda looked at Sam. “Yeah, I do.”
She patted Sam on the leg and took her hand.
They looked at each other and smiled, as if they could read each other’s mind.
“I really do.”
Sam smiled. She turned up the volume and they continued watching their show.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Sam walked next door to Ricky’s apartment to see if he was home.  Knocking on the door, he answered a few seconds later.
“Hey, Ricky,” she said, standing there with her hands in the back pockets of her skinny jeans.  Her black t-shirt had the word “sexy” across the front in silver glitter.
“Hey, sexy,” replied Ricky.
His answer caught her off guard until she realized he was reading her shirt. Laughing as she went inside, she said, “I thought you said you tried not to look at my boobs.”
“I didn’t say I was very good at it,” Ricky admitted as he walked into the kitchen. “Besides, I was just reading your shirt.”
“Uh-huh,” Sam said unconvinced.
“You want something to drink?”  he asked, trying to change the subject.
“Glass of wine would be nice,” she said as she sat down on the sofa. “Have any more of that Merlot?”
“I have another bottle,” he said as he pulled it out of the fridge. Pouring her a glass, he brought it to her and said, “Glad to see you up and about. I’ve missed your visits.”
She laughed. “Sometimes I think I spend more time over here than I do at my apartment.” 
Ricky sat on the sofa next to her. “Maybe I should start charging you rent.”
She giggled and laid her head back also.
“Thanks again for being there for me. I don’t know what I would have done without you.”
“Don’t mention it. That’s what friends are for.”
“Yeah, right,” she blurted out. “Some friend Chad turned out to be. I’m glad he’s gone at least. I should have broken up with him a long time ago.”
“No argument here.”
She hit him in the arm. “Thanks a lot.”
Rubbing his arm like it hurt, he asked, “How is Becky’s little boy?”
“He’s better. She felt really bad about cancelling last minute but ended up in the ER with Ethan that night. He was a sick little boy but he’s better now.”
Ricky looked down at his folded hands in his lap. 
“Hey, sorry my sister took over,” she said. “She’s like my second mother sometimes. I did like being your patient while it lasted,” she said as she smiled at him. 
Ricky looked back at her. “That’s okay, Sam. I think it probably helped her deal with this. You two are very close and it’s nice to see. And she made it abundantly clear she was taking care of you.” 
“Well, I appreciate what you did. It was very thoughtful.”
“You’re welcome.”
“So I had a question to ask you,” she said.
“Okay, what's up?”
“I wanted to make dinner for you,” she said.
Ricky glanced at her. “We haven't had a lot of luck the past couple of times.”
Sam smiled and nodded her head in agreement. “Third time’s a charm. If it doesn't work this time, I'll swear off cooking forever.”
Ricky smiled. “I accept. When were you thinking?”
“Tomorrow night, if you're free,” she said hopefully.
“Works for me,” he replied. “Want me to bring anything?”
“No, just come over about six. I promise to do a better job this time,” she added.
Ricky looked at her compassionately. “I don't remember you doing a bad job, Sam.” 
“You have a short memory,” she said laughing.
“Well, I remember the first time was out of your control.”
“Second time was though,” she said, critiquing herself.
“Second time you got home late because you were needed at the hospital.”
“I should've left on time,” she countered.
“You should've called me and said you needed to do it another night,” he said as he leaned forward and rested on his forearms.
“You wouldn't have been disappointed?” she asked, looking at her glass of wine. 
“No,” he said surprised. He put his finger under her chin and said, “Look at me, Sam.”
She looked into his eyes. He could see her eyes were starting to water. “You are not a disappointment.”
Sam just looked at him for a moment. “Thanks,” she finally said. “For being so nice. And not making fun of my cooking,” she added.
Ricky sighed. “Have guys made fun of you in the past?”
Sam didn't answer because she was too embarrassed. She wasn't sure where it had all gone wrong, but she couldn't have picked worse men in her life. Perhaps it was being abandoned when she got pregnant. Maybe she suffered from postpartum depression after losing the baby. Whatever it was, she always seemed to aim for the bottom of the barrel; as if that was all she was good enough for. And those worthless men had torn at her self-esteem and left an emotional scar as wide as the Grand Canyon. A void that made love seem impossible. She used to think, in the end, love would always win; but for her, it seemed as if it was lost.
Ricky stood up. He brushed her hair back out of her face. He knew she had been hurt in the past. It surprised him how those relationships had destroyed her self-worth and love for herself. He also knew all he could do was try to build that self-esteem back and get her to love herself again.
Taking her arm, he pulled her up and put his arms around her. He held her for a long time; she didn't want him to ever let go. He kissed her on her nose. There was a tear running down her cheek and he wiped it away with his thumb.
Sam sniffled and stepped back. She wiped her cheeks. “Sorry about that. Not sure what brought that on.” She felt a little awkward.
“Come on, sit down. Did you eat yet?” he asked.
“No,” she said as she sat back down on the sofa.
“Want me to make you a sandwich?”
Sam laughed a little as the rapid breaths subsided. “Yeah,” she said
Ricky grabbed two plates and a few things out of the fridge. Taking the twisty off the bag of wheat bread, he laid a few slices of turkey and provolone on two slices of bread. Topping it with lettuce, tomato and mayo, he finished it off with another piece of bread. Grabbing a beer for the both of them, he walked into the living room with the sandwiches.
“You up for a movie?” he asked as he sat down on the sofa and put his plate in his lap.
“Yeah,” she replied as she took a bite of sandwich. “Something upbeat; maybe a comedy?”
Ricky laughed. “Sounds like a good choice.” He logged into Amazon Prime Videos and selected the Comedy category. Sam saw the movie, This is 40.
“Let’s watch that one,” she said as he scrolled over it. Ricky selected the movie and hit play. He took a bite of sandwich and looked at Sam. She was a little quiet but was eating her sandwich. Ricky put his arm around her and pulled her close. She looked at him and smiled as she rested her head against his shoulder.
“Better?” he asked.
“Better now,” she replied.
Once they finished eating, Ricky put the plates on the coffee table. He pulled the back cushions off the sofa and tossed them on the floor. Lying down behind Sam, he pulled her down so she was lying in front of him and put his arm over her.
When the movie was over, Sam asked Ricky, “Can I sleep over here tonight? Just like this?”
“I probably need to get some pillows and a blanket,” he said.
Sam sat up. Looking back at him, she leaned over and kissed him on the lips. “I’ll get them,” she said. She walked back to his bedroom and grabbed a couple of pillows and blanket off the bed.
Walking back in the living room, she placed the pillows under his head.
“You mind if I get comfortable?” she asked. “I can go get some pajamas.”
“No, just get comfortable,” he replied.
She walked over and turned the light off in the kitchen. Then she turned off the TV. Standing in front of the sofa, Ricky could see her silhouette as she slid her jeans off and pulled her bra through her arm sleeves. Sitting down by him, she tossed the blanket over Ricky’s legs and laid down facing him as she pulled the blanket up over them. Lying face to face, Ricky brushed her hair back with his fingers and looked at her.
“You’re such a beautiful woman,” he said. 
She closed her eyes as he kissed her. “I’m not sure I’m ready to do anything, Ricky. With everything going on…”
“I know, Sam. Let’s just sleep.”
She smiled. “Okay. Thanks.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam got an early start in the morning and went shopping as soon as she was showered. She wasn't about to wait until the last minute and have something ruin dinner again. Cooking was not a problem for her as long as she had time. Her mom was a great cook and she had learned all of her favorite recipes. Her brother never turned down an invite, especially when she made lasagna.  
Sam was grateful for all that Ricky had done for her and wanted to make him a special meal to show her appreciation. So, tonight she was making meatloaf. It was easy, delicious with mashed potatoes and green beans, and she was sure he would love it.
After returning home from the market, she put the groceries away and texted Becky. 
Want to meet for lunch? 
Becky was delighted Sam was feeling better and asked her to meet at a Thai restaurant they frequented. Sam arrived a few minutes before her friend and waited in her car until Becky pulled into the parking lot. The two of them gave each other a hug before walking into the restaurant. They were seated quickly and asked for ice water while they looked over the menu.
“You're looking great, Sam,” Becky observed. “I'm so glad you’re feeling better.”
“It's been a really good week, Beck. Considering...” 
“When do you get the results?”
“Friday morning,” Sam said with some dread.
“Stay positive,” Becky reminded her. “And I want a call as soon as you find out.” 
“You know I will,” Sam said.
“I still can't believe Ricky,” Becky commented. “What a sweet guy. You two would make a great couple!” 
Sam laughed. 
“I'm serious,” Becky said. “You two almost spend as much time together as a married couple. When did you see him last?” she asked to prove her point.
“Last night,” Sam admitted. “I told him I wanted to make him dinner for everything he did.”
“Yay!” Becky exclaimed. “Good for you Sam. I'm glad. I think he's a keeper.”
Sam smiled. She was already thinking the same thing.
After lunch, Becky had to get back to work. She rushed off after telling Sam to let her know how dinner went. 
Returning to her apartment, Sam was a little tired. She wasn't taking any more medication, but her energy level was still low. Lying down on the couch, she pulled a cover over her and fell asleep.
When she woke up, she felt much better. Even though she was getting plenty of rest, she wasn't sleeping well. The results of the biopsy were constantly on her mind and she couldn't wait to get the appointment over with.
Walking into the kitchen, Sam turned some music on her iPad and grabbed a bottle of Sam Adams out of the fridge. She went to work preparing the meal. Starting with the meatloaf, she mixed all of the ingredients and placed the stoneware in the oven. Not wanting to make the same mistake twice, she checked the oven at least five times to make sure it was on. Cutting the fresh green beans, she put those on next to steam. She finished with the potatoes by dicing them and tossing them in a pot to boil.
To her disappointment, it was now that she realized she forgot fresh bread and dessert.  Hoping she could catch Ricky before he left work, she texted him.
Hi, Ricky! 
How are you feeling, Sam? he replied moments later.
Much better! Need a favor though. Can you stop and pick up some fresh bread and dessert? I forgot both.
No problem.  What’s for dinner?
Meatloaf, mashed potatoes and green beans.
Sounds delicious!  Need wine?
Yes!
I have a couple of red wines in the apartment if you want to go choose one, Ricky texted.
Thanks!
She locked up her apartment and went over to Ricky's. Letting herself in, she walked in the dining room where Ricky kept his wine rack. She inspected the different bottles and came across a Merlot she thought would be perfect. Locking up, she went back and put the bottle in her fridge.
About an hour later, Sam had just finished mixing the mashed potatoes when she heard a knock on the door. Ricky was there and he was happy to see Sam dressed casual with her favorite Red Sox t-shirt, cut-off jean shorts and barefoot.  Ricky was casually dressed in jeans and a t-shirt also.
Letting him in, she gave him a light kiss on the lips. “You’re very punctual. I like that.” she said. “I hope I'm not too casually dressed.”
“You look great,” he replied. “And I'm not punctual, I'm hungry.”
She laughed as she went in the kitchen. “Well, the food is ready and I promise it's cooked.”
Ricky smiled as he followed her. Putting the cheesecake on the counter, he pulled the French bread out of the bag so Sam could cut it.
“You want to pour us some wine?” she asked.
Ricky saw the corkscrew by the bottle. “Nice selection,” he complimented her as he removed the cork. 
Sam served two plates and put them on the table while Ricky brought the glasses of wine. They sat down together and Sam said a little prayer giving thanks for her wonderful family and friends and for a good report with her biopsy.  Ricky said “Amen” when she was finished and they began to eat.
“Sam, you outdid yourself,” Ricky said as he ate a bite of meatloaf.
“You like it?”
“I love it! It’s delicious. Thanks for inviting me.”
“It’s the least I could do for everything you've done for me.”
Ricky looked at her as he ate. Beautiful and sexy, he thought. She was provocative without even trying. Sam returned his gaze.
“Did your dad ever find out about the surgery?” he asked.
“Yes,” she responded. “I knew my mom would tell him. That’s why I wanted to find out the results before I told them about it. He seems to be taking it okay though, but it's just needless worry.”
“You’re a good daughter,” Ricky commented. “It’s nice to see you so concerned about them.”
“Thanks,” she said quietly. Embarrassed, she continued, “This bread is really good. Thanks for getting it.”
“You're welcome.”
“You want me to make you some leftovers for lunch tomorrow?” she asked. “There’s plenty.”
“Yeah, that would be great. I love leftovers.” After they finished eating, Sam put a pot of coffee on and Ricky helped her clean up.
Sam enjoyed Ricky helping her in the kitchen. It made her feel warm inside. Becky was right. In some ways, they act like a married couple. She liked the thought of that.
Ricky cut a slice of cheesecake for both of them afterwards while Sam poured the coffee. They moved into the living area and sat on the couch.
“This is good cheesecake,” Sam commented. “There’s a place near here that is well known for cheesecake. It’s called Appleton’s. I have to take you sometime.”
“I didn't know what topping you'd like,” Ricky confessed.
“You did good with blueberry,” she said.
“Well, I’m glad you like it,” he said as he ate his last bite. “You want me to get my guitar later?”
“Sure,” she said, “but you play tonight, okay?”
“All right,” he replied. “You still sore?”
“Not really. I just don't want to aggravate it. That really hurt like hell.”
“Well, I’m glad it’s over,” he said as he put his hand on her lap. “And I'll just play; you can sing along.”
Sam laughed. “Deal!”
They sat and drank their coffee for a while longer. Ricky eventually went next door and grabbed his guitar. He sat with Sam and showed her a couple of new notes and then played some songs.
He stopped playing for a moment and asked Sam if she knew any songs.
“Not really,” she said. “Not off the top of my head.  But if we pick a song, I can look up the lyrics on my iPad.” She looked through her iTunes music to get some ideas.
“Can you play Me and Bobby McGee?” she asked.
“Yeah, I think so,” he said.
Sam looked up the lyrics and Ricky started playing. Sam set next to him and rested the iPad on her lap so they could sing together. They sang a couple of songs and then Ricky start playing Mama's, Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up To Be Cowboys. Sam laughed.
“Wait, that's a good one,” she said. “Let me find the lyrics.” They started to sing the song together but tripped up on a line in the middle of the song. Ricky stopped playing.
“That's a tough line,” he commented. “You have to say it slow to make sense of it. Them that don't know you won't like you and them that do won't know how to take you….” Ricky looked at Sam and they laughed. He put the guitar down. “Maybe that's enough for tonight,” he said.
They sat next to each other for a while and didn't say anything. Sam put her hand on his and worked her fingers in between his fingers. 
“It’s nice to be able to cook for someone,” she said as she looked at him. “Thanks again for helping me this week. It meant a lot.”
“I'm glad I could help. I hope everything's okay Friday, I really do.”
Sam smiled. “I know you do. Thanks.” She leaned over and gave him a hug. Ricky gingerly hugged her back.
“You’re not going to hurt me,” she said.
She looked at him as she ran her hand through his wavy hair. She gave him a kiss and then patted him on the leg. “I better let you go so you can get some rest. Thanks for coming over.”
“Thanks for having me over, Sam,” he said as he picked up his guitar. She went to the kitchen and got his leftovers.
“Enjoy your lunch tomorrow,” she said giving him the containers.
“Thanks,” he replied. “Good night.” He kissed her and then walked back to his apartment.















XIII

The next day, Sam waited until Ricky got home from work. She texted him to see if he was there and walked over when he replied yes. Ricky had already opened the door.
“Hey,” Sam said as she went inside.
“Hey, Sam. How’s my favorite patient?” he asked from the kitchen.
“I’m much better, Ricky,” she said as she walked in. “My boob is still a little sore but I feel good.” They sat down next to each other.
“Can I get you anything? Want a beer or a glass of wine?”
“Wine would be nice.”
“Coming right up.” He walked to the kitchen and poured her a glass of Riesling. Sam waited for him on the sofa. She pulled up a leg and put her arms around it.
Ricky came over and handed her the glass.
“Thanks.”
“So what brings you over to my side of town?”
Sam giggled. “Well, knowing how much you did for me already, this is a little awkward. But I still wanted to ask you a favor.”
“Yeah, sure. What is it?”
“You know I have the follow-up doctor’s appointment tomorrow morning?”
“Right. To get the results.”
“Well, I was wondering if you would go with me. I know you’re busy with work and I already have imposed quite a bit…”
He sat up. “I thought your mom and sister were going with you.”
“They are. Actually, they are going to meet me there. I asked them to. I was hoping you could pick me up and we could go together?”
Ricky was surprised but glad she asked him because he wanted to know if she was okay. Without hesitation, he said, “Of course. Just let me know what time to be here.”
“The appointment is at eleven,” she said as she stood up. “Could you pick me up a little after ten?” 
 “I’ll be here,” he said.
She put her finger on his chest and tapped it. “Don’t be late.”
“Don’t worry, Sam. I know that’s not an appointment you want to be late to.”
She took the outer edge of his button down shirt between her index finger and thumb and ran her fingers back and forth.
“You’ve been so sweet. When I really needed somebody, you were there. That seems to happen a lot lately. Thanks for being such a good friend.” She patted him on the chest and then kissed him on his cheek. She looked into his eyes as she leaned back. Wanting to show her true feelings, she slowly leaned forward and kissed him on the lips. Ricky brought his arms up and put his hands on her waist. He looked at her as her lips left his and sliding his arms around her, kissed her back. She put her arms around his neck and they kissed again. She then laid her head against him and he put one hand up behind her head and stroked her hair. 
“It’s going to be okay, Sam. We’ll get through this.” 
“I hope so,” she said. “Thanks for saying we.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The next day, Ricky drove in to work early. He wanted to get a few things done before he picked up Sam. Dave and Gwen arrived some time later and Dave stopped in his office after getting a cup of coffee. 
“Morning, early bird.” 
“Morning, Dave.” 
“Why are you in so early?”
“I was planning on leaving here soon to take Sam to her doctor’s appointment.”
“That’s nice of you,” he said sitting down. “Amanda’s going also. I thought she was taking her?”
“Sam came over and asked me last night. She wanted me to go. Her mom and Amanda are going to meet us there.”
“Interesting,” Dave observed. 
 “Why?”
“Just an observation,” Dave said. “You would think she just wanted the people really close to her to be there.”
Ricky looked down at his desk and then said, “I’m glad she asked.”
“Me too,” Dave said nodding his head.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky left the office a little after nine-thirty and made it to the apartment in fifteen minutes. He walked up to Sam’s apartment door and knocked. She came to the door almost immediately. 
Her eyes were bloodshot and she looked tired. 
“You know you could have stayed over last night, Sam.”
“I know. You needed to get to work this morning though. And even if I had, I don’t know if I would have gotten any more sleep.”
“Well, shall we go?”
“Okay.”
Sam locked her door and when she turned around, Ricky had his hand held out to her. She took it and squeezed as she looked at him and smiled. They walked to the car and he opened the door for her. Backing out, they drove to the doctor’s office. It was about a twenty minute drive and they drove in silence. When they arrived, they walked into the reception area and saw Amanda and her mother waiting. They gave each other hugs and Amanda went with her to check in. 
They didn’t have long to wait. Sam was called back almost immediately and everyone went with her to meet with the doctor. A nurse led the way. It was a very solemn moment. Right after they entered the room, Dr. Crane came in behind them. 
“Hello, Sam,” she said. 
“Hi, Jacque.” Sam responded nervously.
“I’m not going to hold you in suspense,” she said as the women all sat down. There were not enough chairs for Ricky, so he stood behind Sam. She looked up at him and held up her hand as she faced the doctor again. Ricky took her hand and held it tightly. Amanda looked at them and then took Sam’s other hand and held it. 
“I have the pathology report. The cyst was benign. You don’t have cancer.”
There was a sigh of relief. Amanda and Samantha had tears running down their cheeks. So did their mom. 
“Are you sure?” Sam said.
“Yes, I’m positive. Like I said, most of the time this is just precautionary. But we wanted to make sure and this is one hundred percent sure. You don’t have cancer.” The scariest scenario put to rest by the most beautiful words you will ever hear in your life. They all gave Sam a hug, including Dr. Crane. The doctor spent some more time with her explaining the importance of continuing to check for lumps and having routine mammograms. Sam thanked her and hugged her again before they left. 
Out in the reception room, Laura suggested they celebrate and have lunch together. Sam wanted to but looked at Ricky. Knowing they wanted some time together, he took the cue without hesitation.
“You ladies have a good time. I need to get back to the office and help my partner out.” 
Amanda laughed. “Tell that partner I said hi…and tell him the great news!”
“I will,” he laughed, “don’t worry. But I bet he hears it from you before I even get there.” 
She smiled back at him. Sam took his hand and walked him to his car. 
“Thanks for being my hero.” 
“I’m so happy for you, Sam.” 
She gave him a hug and looked up at him. “Call me later?”
He gave her a gentle kiss on the lips. “As soon as I get home from work.” He then got in his car and drove away. Sam walked over to Amanda’s car and caught her sister watching.
“What?” Sam asked.
“Nothing,” she said, smiling.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky went back to work. Gwen and Dave asked about the appointment when he returned. They were relieved everything was okay. Ricky worked through the afternoon, trying to get caught up. He had a lot on his mind though. He thought about Sam and their relationship. They weren’t just friends anymore. 
His thoughts went back to Anne, however. Their five year anniversary would have been in less than two weeks. It pained him to think about it. He missed her. She was a wonderful person and the perfect wife. They were very much in love and then, in the blink of an eye, she was gone. The anniversary was now just a reminder of what he had lost.
Lost in thought, he didn’t notice Amanda at the door.
“Knock, knock,” she said.
“Hi, Amanda,” Ricky said standing up.
“Don’t get up,” she said holding her hand out. “I don’t want to take too much of your time, but I wanted to talk to you.”
“You’re not looking for Dave?” he asked.
“No, you actually.”
“What’s up?” he asked as he sat back down in his chair.
“First, I just wanted to say thank you for taking care of my sister. It means the world to me you cared that much.” Ricky nodded as he noticed tears running down her cheeks. He pulled some Kleenex out of a drawer and handed one to her. 
“Thanks,” she said.
“I was happy to do it,” Ricky responded. “I think a lot of her, you know; she’s a wonderful neighbor and a very good friend.”
“It seems like it’s becoming a little more than that,” she observed. “And that brings me to my second reason to see you. I wanted to apologize for taking over when I found out about Sam’s biopsy. You were doing an incredible job and I forced myself in the way. I’m sorry for that. I was just scared for Sam and I wanted to be with her,” she said crying.
Ricky was touched. He got up and knelt by her. He rubbed her back. “Hey, it’s okay. I totally understand. I’m glad you were able to be with her. I really wanted her to tell you sooner but she was worried about your dad; she didn’t want to cause him any more health problems. That would have really upset her.”
“I know,” she said. “That’s Sam. She has a good heart. I wish she had reached out to me, but I’m kind of glad she had you instead.” Regaining her composure, she said, “You’re an incredibly sweet guy, Ricky. I’m so glad you’re Dave’s best friend. Thanks again for being there,” she said as they stood up and she gave him a hug.
As she walked to the door, she added, “You know, I wouldn’t mind it if you were my brother-in-law.”
Ricky smiled. “Thanks for stopping by, Amanda.”
“Bye,” she said as she waved her hand.

֎֎֎֎֎

It was getting late and he needed to wrap up. Ricky still had Sam on his mind. He liked her and enjoyed being with her. He decided to ask her out for dinner. He picked up his phone and texted her. 
Will you go to dinner with me?
He received an immediate reply. Yes!
Might be a little late. Home about 7. Leave at 7:30?
Okay.
Ricky was glad he asked. He enjoyed her company. She was pretty, smart, funny and a pleasure to be around. Her smile was beautiful and her laugh was intoxicating. They shared the same interests and had spent a lot of time with each other. They had fun together; and she made him happy.
He had about an hour left before he had to leave. He finished his work as expeditiously as possible. Dave and Gwen had already said goodbye so he made a quick exit and drove home.  Traffic was a little heavy but he managed to make it to his apartment by seven. Dashing in, he took a quick shower and changed into something a little more casual than a business suit. Locking up, he turned and saw Sam standing there. She wore a Lulu’s red midi dress and was holding her black Cole Haan Payson purse with both hands in front of her. She was stunning.
“Wow,” he said. “I couldn’t ask for a prettier date. You look amazing.” 
“Thanks, handsome. You clean up pretty well yourself.”
He held his hand out to her as he walked over. She took it and gave a small squeeze. They walked to his car as she asked, “So, where are we going?”
“I was thinking Abe and Louie’s? It’s a steak and seafood place close to where I work.”
“Oh, I’ve heard of that place. I hear it’s very nice.”
They drove over and Ricky took advantage of valet parking rather than trying to find parking on a Friday night. A waiter held the door open as they entered. He had made the reservation for eight, but their table was ready and they were seated right away. They had a booth in the back corner of the restaurant, which made it romantically isolated. 
“This is nice,” Sam observed.
“We’ve taken clients here on occasion. It’s quiet and the food’s great.” 
“Well, I’m glad you took me this time,” she said with a smile.
“So am I.” 
The waitress came over and took their drink order. Sam ordered a glass of Chardonnay and Ricky chose a Merlot. She then told them about the specials and went to get their drinks. 
They both started reading through the menu, trying to decide what they were in the mood for. Ricky looked up from his menu and asked, “How’s your family doing, Sam?”
“Better now, thanks for asking,” she said as she looked at him. “My dad is making a great recovery. Brian has been helping my parents a lot. They were all a little mad at me for keeping the biopsy a secret but I didn’t see a reason to worry them with my dad’s issues. He didn’t need to have that stress right after a heart attack.”
Ricky raised his glass. “Well, I’m glad the stress is over. Here is to a good report for you and a speedy recovery for your dad.” Sam smiled and raised her glass also. 
“I’ll drink to that,” she said as she clinked her glass against his. They each took a sip of wine. Both were very flavorful.
“Do you know what you are going to order?” she asked. 
“Yeah, I think I am going to go with the New York Sirloin. What about you?”
“The Salmon Filet looks awful tempting. I think I’ll go with that.”
As they closed their menus, the waitress came back to their table and took their order.
After she walked away, Sam asked about Anne.
“Tell me about Anne,” Sam said as she broke off a piece of bread.
Ricky was surprised by the request. “What do you want to know?”
“Well, I kind of know what she looked like. I’ve seen her picture. What was she like as a person?”
Ricky thought about it for a moment. “Well she wasn't as adventurous as you. She never would have driven a jeep.”
“What did she drive?” Sam asked. 
“An Audi,” Ricky answered. “An Audi A3 Sedan. She loved it; like you love your jeep.”
“What else?” she asked as she took a bite of bread. 
“She was much more reserved,” he said. Then after pausing, he added, “she never would have owned a dildo.”
Sam choked on her bread after his comment. Coughing, she took a drink of water. “Ricky Jackson!” she said under her breath.
Ricky could see she was turning red. He smiled a little. “Sorry.”
After regaining her composure and making sure nobody was looking their way, she gave him a stern look while trying not to smile.
“What else?” She said tersely. “And don't compare us this time. Tell me something unique about her.”
Ricky stopped smiling and closed his eyes. Folding his hands under his chin, he continued.
“She had long hair like you, except it was blonde.”
That earned him a swift kick in the shin. He opened his eyes and laughed. “Ow!”
“You're being difficult,” she observed.
Ricky got serious. “Okay, sorry. The question kind of caught me off guard.” He closed his eyes again.
“She had long blonde hair, down to the small of her back. She wore it in a ponytail a lot, especially at work. Green eyes, about six inches shorter than me. She liked to paint her nails, usually a shade of red.”
“What did she do for a living?” Sam interrupted.
“She worked for an accounting firm,” he replied. “On the north side of town. That's actually how we met. We both attended a financial seminar in Hartford. I went down for an early breakfast one morning and asked if I could sit at her table. She said yes.”
“Smooth,” Sam critiqued.
Ricky grinned. “The restaurant was almost full so there weren’t a lot of places to sit.”
“Uh-huh,” Sam said, not believing him.
“Anyway,” Ricky said as he tried to continue, “we started dating as soon as we got back to Boston.”
The waitress brought out their salads. 
“Did she like sports like I do?” Sam asked as she took a bite of her salad.
“I thought I wasn't supposed to compare you,” he said as he started to eat his own salad. 
Sam squinted her eyes at him. “You really are being difficult.” 
“She wasn't into sports,” Ricky said, answering her question. “She like the outdoors though; she loved driving along the coast or going out on the boat. She was born and raised in Boston, so she was proud of the teams. But she liked the history of Boston more. She read a lot, especially about Boston and the surrounding area. We made day trips to see some of the sights. It was like having your own personal tour guide when we went; she remembered all kinds of facts and historical information from the Pilgrims landing to the Revolutionary War.”
“She sounded like she was very smart,” Sam commented.
“Definitely,” Ricky agreed.
“So, do you think I'm smart?” Sam asked playfully.
“I know you are,” Ricky said without hesitation. “You're a nurse; I think you'd have to be to do what you do. That's what I like about you.” 
Sam blushed, not expecting the compliment about her work. Had she asked Chad that question, she would have received a one-word answer which didn’t require a lot of thought.
As if he could read her mind, Ricky said, “So tell me about Chad.”
Sam giggled, knowing he couldn't possibly be serious. “No, what else do you like about me?” she said holding her wine glass. 
“I really like your laugh. I like that you laugh a lot; it makes you pleasant to be with.”
“What else?” she persisted. 
Ricky laughed. “You're very caring. I know the kids at the hospital must love you. And you came over the first day I moved in to check on me, which I appreciated.”
Sam just looked at him with a smile.
“You're very passionate about sports, family, Beantown. I like how you are with your family.”
The waitress came and cleared their salad plates and then their entrées arrived.
Sam picked up her fork and took a bite of salmon. “Oh, this is good. Want a bite?” 
“Okay,” Ricky said. He opened his mouth as she held her fork out. 
“Wow, good choice,” he commented as he savored the flavor. 
“Bite of steak?” he said, returning the favor.
“Sure,” she smiled. He cut a piece and held it towards her as she opened her mouth. She chewed it and closed her eyes. “Mmm, it’s so tender.”
They continued to eat. As Sam finished her meal, she continued their conversation. “What did you think of me the first time you saw me?”
Ricky took a sip of wine. “I thought you were drop dead gorgeous.”
Sam laughed. “Oh, come on.”
Ricky looked at her. “I’m serious, Sam. You are a very beautiful woman.” Sam was embarrassed. His sincerity is what separated him from every guy she had ever dated. He wasn’t just feeding her a line. “It was a very pleasant surprise,” he added.
“Well, I thought you were very handsome,” Sam admitted.
“Thanks,” he said amused.
When dessert came, the waitress placed the tiramisu between them and set two spoons next to it. Ricky took a bite. 
“How is it?” Sam asked as she watched him.
He scooped another bite with his spoon and held it in front of her. Looking at him, she leaned forward and opened her mouth. He put the spoon in and watched her close her lips around it. She couldn't have been any more seductive if she tried. They slowly ate the rest of the tiramisu without saying anything.
When they were finished, the waitress gave Ricky the check and he paid it. He went around and pulled Sam's chair out as she stood up. Walking out together, Sam took Ricky's hand and held it as they walked to the car.
“I’m sorry for what happened to Anne. I hope I didn’t cross a line talking about her. I know it’s hard for you to talk about.”
“It’s okay,” he said looking at her. “It hurts, bringing up those memories; that’s why I don’t like talking about it.” After reflecting, he said, “But I don’t mind talking about her with you. Weird?” 
Sam smiled. “No. I like talking to you too. You’re very easy to have a conversation with.”
As they drove back to Garrison Square, Sam asked about taking a day trip with Ricky. “Those day trips you took with Anne; they sound nice. You think we can do that sometime?”
“I’d like that,” he replied. “Where would you like to go?”
“I don’t know,” she answered, pondering the question. “I’ll have to think about it.”
“Okay, maybe we could even take the boat”, he added.
“Wow, that sounds like an adventure,” she said excited. 

֎֎֎֎֎

When they got home, they walked hand in hand back to her apartment. As they went under the street light, Ricky raised her hand above her head and spun her around like they were dancing. She laughed as she looked at him.
“I had a good time tonight. Thank you for dinner.”
“It was my pleasure. I’m glad you got your smile back.” 
She smiled as she looked down at her feet. They walked to her apartment and she unlocked the door. She turned and looked at him. “You want to come in?”
“I do. But I better not. You’re a good friend Sam and I really enjoyed tonight. I’m not sure how serious I’m willing to get right now though. I’d rather take it slow and make sure I don’t mess up our friendship while I’m figuring that out.”
She put her arms around his neck and kissed him.
“I’m in no rush. Take your time,” she said, patting him on the chest.
He gave her a gentle peck on the lips and turned to leave.
“Hey, would you at least be willing to meet my dad? You’ve met most of my family already.”
“Sure,” he replied, turning to look at her. 
“We’re getting together tomorrow evening at Devlin’s. It’s a bar close to where my parents live and Brian’s band is playing there.” 
“That sounds like fun, Sam. You want to go together?”
“I’m going over to my parent’s house tomorrow for lunch. I’ll probably hang out there until we go to Devlin’s.” 
“What time are you going then? I’ll meet you there.”
“Tell you what, how about you come to my parent’s house about five and we can all go together from there?”
Ricky thought about it for a moment. “Doesn’t sound too scary,” he said, trying to sound convincing.
She laughed. “It’s not, their harmless. And if it helps any, Dave will be there.”
“You mind if I invite Malorie? She has to work tomorrow but can meet us there.”
“Boy, you really are worried,” she said amused.
“Actually, he said stepping closer to her, I’ve been telling her I’d get together with her this week and do something, and I haven’t. So, it will give me a chance to do both.”
“Tell her to come,” Sam said light-heartedly.
“Okay, thanks.”
Sam gave him a little wave. “See you tomorrow, cowboy.”
“Good night, Sam.”
“Good night.”


XIV

Ricky didn’t have a problem finding her parents house. Sam said they lived in Aberdeen. She had also texted him the address, 415 Chestnut Hill Avenue, and he used the GPS on his phone to get directions. When he arrived, he found a typical New England neighborhood, filled with quaint single family houses, manicured lawns and tall trees. He parked on the street and walked up to the screen door. The front door was ajar and he could hear people talking. As he was about to knock, he heard a man say, “So, who is this guy coming over, Sam?”
“He’s my neighbor, dad. We’ve been friends for a while and went out last night. He likes music so I asked him to come. I also wanted you to meet him.”
“Hmmm.”
“Why the hmmm?”
“Why? You know why. Look at the guys you’ve been dating. Not exactly the cream of the crop.”
“Oh, dad. Please be nice.”
“What’s he do for a living?”
“He works with me, Frank,” Dave said. 
“Another investment guy, huh? So, is he single? Married?”
“Frank,” said Laura. “That’s quite enough.” 
He could hear Amanda laughing.
“He’s a widow, Pop,” Sam said. The room got quiet for a moment.
“You have to watch those widows.” Everybody let out a moan. “I’m serious. They’re all of a sudden free to do what they want.”
“You sound like you gave that some thought,” Laura responded. Everyone laughed.
“Just be sure you know what he is and not what you want him to be.”
“Isn’t there a song like that?” Amanda said. “Are you quoting a song, dad?”
“Waylon,” another guy chimed in. “I’ve Always Been Crazy.”
“I must have been crazy to invite him,” Sam said as she walked out of the living room and saw Ricky standing by the front door.
“RICKY!”
Ricky looked at her with an amused look. “You sure it’s safe?” 
She smiled and opened the screen door. “How long have you been standing there?”
“Long enough,” he said smugly.
“It’s safe,” she said as she kissed him. Then she took him by the hand and led him into the living room.
“Dad, this is Ricky.” Both Frank and Brian stood up and shook hands with him. Ricky went around and gave Amanda and Laura a hug.
“Nice to finally meet you,” Brian said.
“You too, Brian. Looking forward to hearing your band play.”
“Brian’s a really good guitar player,” Frank commented. “Ricky. I hear you play also.”
“Yes, sir, I do,” he said as he sat down by Sam. Dave came over and handed him a beer.
“He’s been teaching me how to play, pop,” Sam said as she wrapped her arms around his.
“Really?” Brian asked surprised. “I’ve tried to teach her several times and she always loses interest.”
“Hmm, Ricky must be a better teacher then,” mused Amanda.
“Haha,” said Brian.
“I hear you work with Dave at Bain Capital,” remarked Frank.
“I’ve worked there for, what, over five years now?”
“Yeah, getting close to six,” replied Dave.
“They were in the Guard together, Frank,” Amanda interjected. “They both flew F-16s out of Andrews Air Force Base.”
“Ricky still gets to fly them, lucky bum,” said Dave.
“Hey, nobody forced you out.” 
“Somebody did,” said Amanda, looking at her fiancé.
Dave laughed.
“Air Force guy, huh?”
“That’s right, pop,” Sam said, defending him.
“I hear you retired as a Chief Master Sergeant, Mr. O’Leary.”
“Call me Frank. Twenty-eight years in the Army. You think you’ll stay in for twenty?”
“I actually have less than a year.” 
“Military life is hard,” said Laura. “I think it’s harder now to retire. Too many deployments.”
“You see any action while deployed?” asked Brian.
“A bit too much, Brian,” Ricky said retrospectively.
“Ricky was wounded on one of his deployments. He received a Purple Heart,” Sam said proudly.
This got Frank’s attention. “No kidding? You were awarded the Purple Heart?”
Dave knew this was getting into painful memories. It was time to change the subject.
“I’m starving. When are we going to Devlin’s?”
Amanda picked up on his change of direction. “Me too, she chimed in. Brian, what time are you guys playing?” 
“I should actually get going,” he said, looking at the time. 
Frank looked over at the clock on the wall. “How did it get so late?” he asked, as everyone started to get up to go. They drove over to Devlin’s and had to wait about twenty minutes before they got a table for eight. Malorie showed up while waiting and introductions were accomplished while they stood outside the bar. 
They were seated and ordered dinner just in time for Brian to come in with his band. 
“He’s cute. What kind of music does his band play?” asked Malorie.
“Some Irish, some country, mostly contemporary pop and rock,” replied Sam.
Everyone enjoyed the music and conversation as they ate dinner. They shared some desserts with coffee afterwards.
The band had just finished a song when Brian spoke in the microphone.
"Every once in awhile, we have someone in the audience join us. Ricky, how would you like to come and help us out?”
Totally taken by surprise, Sam, Amanda and Malorie started clapping and whooping and hollering. Dave chimed in as they began a chant, “RICKY, RICKY, RICKY….”
He looked at all of them as if they were traitors. Finally succumbing to the pressure, he stood up and made his way to the stage. Everyone was clapping as the atmosphere in the bar became a lot livelier.
Ricky stepped up on the stage as Brian handed him a guitar.
“Sorry dude. Sam put me up to this.”
He looked back her way and she waved at him.
He looked back at Brian, “Can we play something Country?”
“Sure. What did you have in mind?”
“How about I’ve Always Been Crazy?”
Brian raised his eyebrows, realizing Ricky must have heard them talking. “You’re a brave man,” he said laughing.
Ricky put the guitar strap over his head and stepped up to the microphone. Brian told the rest of the band what they were playing and they gave him a lead in. As soon as she heard what was playing, Sam put her hand to her mouth. Amanda started laughing and grabbed Samantha by the shoulders. She rocked her back and forth as the song got underway. Ricky actually had a really good voice. Sam knew that from when they would listen to music or play the guitar and sing in his apartment. His voice was deep and perfect for old country songs. 
Ricky sang the lyrics as if he had been on stage all his life. Sam was quite impressed. The irony of the music choice was not lost. Everyone thought back to the conversation earlier and knew this had to be more than coincidence. It was amusing and even Frank cracked an approving smile.
As he sang the line, “...I can say I've never intentionally hurt anyone,” he looked at Frank, as if to reassure a devoted father. He looked at Sam as he sang,

Beautiful lady, are you sure that you understand
The chances you’re taking loving a free living man
Are you really sure, you really want what you see
Be careful of something that's just what you want it to be

Amanda and Dave were laughing hysterically. Even Brian couldn’t help but laugh at the humorous situation. Malorie, having missed the earlier reference to the song, tugged at Sam’s arm and gestured to let her in on what was so funny. Sam leaned over and told her about the earlier conversation they had with her dad, not knowing Ricky was standing on the porch listening in.
When the song was over, the place erupted in applause and cheers. It was an impressive performance. Sam had a proud gleam in her eye as she looked at him and clapped her hands.
A chant broke out. “ENCORE, ENCORE, ENCORE…”
Ricky started to put his guitar down and was shaking his head. Brian started to play the intro to Mamas, Don't Let Your Babies Grow Up To Be Cowboys. It was a song he and Sam had sang together on a couple of occasions, just like Waylon and Willie did in their duo. He turned to Brian and waved him to stop as he lowered the guitar back down. 
As the music came to an abrupt halt, Ricky said into the microphone, “Okay, one more and that’s it.” Everyone started cheering. “How about I get a little help on this one though? Sam?” This time Sam faced the peer pressure as everyone around her started to chant for her to go on stage. She blushed and looked at him. Finally relenting, she grudgingly stood up and walked over to the stage. Ricky held out his hand and pulled her over next to him. Sharing the mic, Brian started up again. Ricky joined in, and so did the band.
As they sang, Ricky singing Waylon’s parts and Sam singing Willie’s parts, they sometimes looked out into the bar but mostly at each other. They stood close, on either side of the mic and almost looked like they were somewhere all alone. Laura and Frank both noticed the closeness and bond between the two. Anyone could, it was becoming that obvious. They finished the chorus and as they sang the last line, Even with someone they love, their eyes locked and they smiled at each other. The band faded out and again everyone cheered for a great impromptu performance. Ricky took off the guitar and put his arm around Sam. They took a bow and went back to their table.
“Good job guys,” Malorie said, still clapping.
“You two are like Johnny Cash and June Carter,” Laura said. They all laughed.
“I’m impressed,” said Amanda. “Why can’t we sing like that?” she asked Dave.
“Because neither of us can sing,” Dave reminded her.
She laughed, looking at Sam. “Well, this was fun.”
“It sure was,” said Frank. “But it’s getting late and we should probably head home.” Dave took care of the check and they all said good night to Brian. Malorie stayed behind though and continued to talk with him as they left. They gave each other hugs and handshakes good night. Dave and Amanda took her parents home and Sam rode with Ricky.
When they got in the car, Sam asked, “Can we just drive back to the apartments and get my car tomorrow?”
“Yeah, sure. I didn’t think you drank that much.”
“I didn’t,” she said smiling. “I just want to ride with you.”
“Okay,” he nodded.
They drove back and made it to the apartments around midnight. Walking arm in arm, they went to her apartment. She turned to him by the door and looked into his eyes. Running her thumb across his scar, she said, “Come in for just a little while?”
He closed his eyes as he felt her hand on his face, “Okay.”
They went into the living room and Sam sat next to Ricky on the couch with her head, resting on his chest.
“Thanks for coming tonight.”
“Thanks for inviting me,” Ricky said.
“Did you have a good time?”
“I had a great time. I’m glad Malorie came also. Think she enjoyed it. I noticed her talking with Brian when we left.” 
“I saw that also,” she said. “Nice pick on the music, by the way.”
“Brian said you put him up to that.”
“Well played.”
He laughed. 
“I think my dad likes you. I know my mom does,” Sam said.
Ricky just smiled.
“I could sleep like this,” she said. “Want to put your feet up on the couch?”
They moved so they were lying on the couch. Sam lay next to him and put her arm over his chest. He hadn’t planned on staying long. He still didn’t know how he felt about being intimate with someone. He hadn’t been with anyone since Anne. But Sam was content to lie beside him and drift off to sleep. Ricky appreciated her patience. He was also tired. It didn’t take long before the both of them were fast asleep in each other’s arms.
The next morning, they woke as the sunlight found its way into the apartment. They slowly untangled and stood up. Stretching, they realized that although they slept soundly, their bodies were not happy with the position they were in. 
“Okay, maybe a little sore today from sleeping on the couch,” Sam said laughing.
“Yeah, my back is sore,” he said as he put his hands on his sides.
Sam put her arms around him and pulled him close. “Poor baby,” she said playfully.
“I need to run to my apartment. You want to get some breakfast?” 
“It has to be something quick,” she said as she let go of him and headed into the kitchen. Ricky followed her. “I’m meeting my family at church and then we are going to lunch after.”
“That sounds nice.”
“We try to get together on Sundays. My parents like us going to church together; kind of old fashioned that way.”
“Nothing wrong with that. What time?”
“Mass is at eleven, which means I need to eat quick so I won’t be late,” she said hoping they could still make it work.
“Well, how much time do you need to get ready?”
“Give me about thirty minutes and I’ll be ready,” she answered as she turned her Keurig on. “You want some coffee before you leave?”
“I would love that but I need to use your restroom first.”
“Knock yourself out, cowboy,” she said as she took two cups out of the cabinet.
Ricky went to the restroom and after washing his hands, splashed some water in his face. He dried off and returned to find a cup of coffee waiting for him. 
“I think you like it black,” she said, “but there is creamer in the fridge and sugar on the counter.”
“Black is just fine,” he replied as he picked up his cup. The coffee was very aromatic; he could smell the Columbian roast as he lifted the cup to his mouth. He took a sip and gave Sam an approving response.
“Mmm-mm.”
She laughed. “Glad you approve. Shall we get ready then?”
“I’m taking this with me,” he said as he headed for the door. “Be back in half an hour.” They showered, dressed and, as planned, were ready to go on time. Sam knew of a little diner nearby and Ricky followed her over.

֎֎֎֎֎

They both found a parking spot and went inside. It wasn’t crowded yet and they were seated in a booth. They ordered coffee and looked over the menus. Ricky went for a stack of pancakes with a side of bacon. Sam opted for the lighter menu and had scrambled egg whites, wheat toast and fruit.
“You look nice, Sam,” Ricky said, commenting on her floral print dress and black Ralph Lauren sweater blazer.
“Thanks,” she said blushing. “I feel a little overdressed for the diner,” she added laughing.
“I’m sure there will be plenty of well-dressed church goers in soon. We were lucky to beat the crowd.”
“That’s good for me. Means I can be on time.”
“Your dad looked good last night,” Ricky commented.
“He’s doing much better. I’m so glad,” she said.
“And you seem to be healing up well.”
“I had a great nurse,” she said whimsically.
“Glad to help,” he replied as he sipped his coffee.
“So, do you have any plans today?”
“Laundry,” he said dryly.
Sam laughed. “Oh, big plans. Maybe you can do some of mine if you get done early.”
Ricky laughed. “I think I’ll be plenty busy. Besides, I wanted to watch the game this afternoon.” 
“Oh, that’s right. For some reason I thought the Pats were playing late.”
“No, it’s an afternoon game.” 
“Well, bummer,” she said as she rotated her coffee cup between her hands.
The waitress brought their food and they didn’t waste time. 
“This is really good,” Ricky commented.
“I told you I know the places to eat.” 
He nodded his head in agreement. “How long has your family lived in Boston?”
“Let’s see. About nine years now. My parents moved here as soon as my dad retired from the Army.”
“Where did they move from?”
“Fort Meade. That was my dad’s last assignment. I was going to the University of Maryland at the time. After I graduated, I moved here also.”
“It’s nice that your family all lives close by. Kind of rare for a military family.”
“I’m very thankful for that,” she said as she ate her last bite. “That was good, but I better get going.” She drank some more of her coffee as she waved at the waitress.
“Don’t worry about it, Sam. I’ll take care of it. Get going so you’re not late.”
She put her napkin on the table as they both stood up. Sam gave him a hug and kiss on the cheek.
“Thanks for breakfast.”
“You’re welcome. I’ll talk to you later.”
“Okay, bye,” she said as she hurried for the door. 
Ricky stayed a while longer and enjoyed another cup of coffee before returning home to the task of washing dirty laundry.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam made it to church on time and sat with her family. She felt really good about her relationship with Ricky and hoped it would develop into something more. She thought about what he had said before she left the diner, about living close to family. It was nice being so close they could enjoy a Sunday afternoon together. 
It dawned on her that Ricky was a long distance from most of his family. He only had Malorie nearby. Talking about going to church and being with her family for the afternoon may have made him feel lonely. Now she felt bad. She should have at least invited him. 
After mass, they went back to her parent’s house for lunch. They were boiling Dungeness crab legs. Her dad was busy with the crab while her mom was making a salad and roasted potatoes. Amanda and Dave were in the living room discussing wedding arrangements and Brian had disappeared upstairs. Sam curled up on the couch and texted Ricky.
Did you get your laundry done?
She received a reply within a few seconds. Most of it. Some of it is still drying.
Did you get my laundry done? she texted back playfully.
Haha.
So what are you up to? she asked.
About to order a pizza from Antonio’s and watch some football. 
She thought about what he had said earlier and feeling guilty, texted, Sorry I didn’t invite you over. 
She got a question mark back.
When we were talking about my family being close, it didn’t dawn on me until I was sitting in church yours is so far away. It was rude of me not to invite you.
A few seconds later, her phone rang. It was Ricky. She answered.
“Hi.”
“Sam, I wasn’t saying that to make you feel guilty.”
“I know. I feel guilty though.”
“I thought you were supposed to be paying attention in Mass?”
Sam laughed at his humor. It caught the attention of Amanda, who looked over to see Sam on the phone.
“Yeah, I guess I was.”
“I’m fine. I really am glad you’re close to your family. It’s nice to see.” 
“I’m probably going to be done here in a couple of hours. Can I come watch football with you when I get back?”
Ricky was silent for a moment. 
“You there?” Sam asked.
“When do you think you’ll be back?”
“About three.”
“Want to go out to the waterfront and see my boat?”
Sam sat up. “Really?” she replied.
“I moved it to a marina near the aquarium.”
“I’d love to,” she said excitedly.
“Come over when you get back and we’ll go out there.”
“Sounds great. See you then.”
“Okay, bye Sam.”
“Bye.” She hung up and looked in the direction of Amanda, who was watching her. Sam looked away with a smile on her face and leaned back into the throw pillows.
Lunch was a hit. There weren’t any crab legs left when they were done. They sat and talked about the wedding and Brian’s band. Frank retired to the living room to catch the New England game. After helping clean up the kitchen, Sam looked at the time and decided it was time to sneak away.
She went and gave her mom and dad a hug.
“You leaving so soon?” her dad asked.
“Sorry. Lunch was fantastic.”
“Where are you going?” Amanda asked inquisitively.
“Uh,” she hesitated for a moment. “I’m going with Ricky to see his boat.”
Dave looked up at her. “Really?”
Sam nodded and smiled.
Dave got up and gave her a hug. “Well, don’t let us keep you. Drive safe and tell Ricky I said hi.”
“I will,” she said as she gave Brian and Amanda a hug. She grabbed her purse and sauntered out to her car. 

֎֎֎֎֎

It turned out to be a beautiful afternoon. The skies were clear, there was a slight breeze and it was in the low seventies. Sam made it back to her apartment and quickly changed into some leggings, a hoodie and her black Converse low tops. Then she went next door and knocked. Ricky answered the door a moment later and saw Sam standing there, holding her purse in front of her.
“Hey, right on time. You ready to go?”
“I am, sailor,” she said with a smile.
“Okay,” he said as he grabbed his keys and a small ice chest. “Let’s head to the waterfront.”
They walked out to Ricky’s car and he held the door open for her.
“Thank you. I like your car, by the way.”
Ricky loved his 2014 Mercedes E-Class Sedan also. It was stylish and smooth as silk on the road. He particularly liked the beige interior with the black exterior. A classic combination, in his opinion. 
“Thanks,” he said, closing the door. He went to the other side and got in. They drove to the marina while listening to some Jimmy Buffet. Ricky was able to park near the pier and he pointed out which boat was his while they were unloading the car. Sam looked at it for a moment. 
The sloop had a dark blue hull with a white deck and wood stain trim. There was a center mast with white sails stowed on the front and back. Ricky stepped down the ladder and grabbed the ice chest from Sam. Placing it on deck, he put his hands on Sam’s waist as she was climbing down the stairs and helped her onboard.
“Thanks, skipper,” she said. 
Ricky laughed and grabbed the ice chest. He brought it in the cabin and set it down on the table. Going back out on deck, he asked Sam if she wanted to see the cabin. She walked down the steps and looked around. 
The cabin was beautiful. The woodwork was made out of cherry and the furnishings were up to date. There was a long bench with a table on one side when you came down the stairs. The kitchen ran along the other side. It had a small fridge, stove and sink. There was some counter space and cabinets above. Beyond the main area was a small bathroom and then two small beds lined either side near the front of the boat. 
“I love it, Ricky,” Sam said. “It’s very nice.”
“Thanks,” he replied. 
After looking around, they went back out on deck. Sam kicked off her shoes and walked around barefoot. She walked around on the boat while Ricky explained what kind of boat it was.
“What did you say it was, a sloop?” 
“Correct. It’s what you call a sailboat with one mast and a sail on either side.” 
“How big is it?” she asked as she sat down.
“Thirty feet.” 
“It’s so beautiful,” she said. “Can we take it out?”
“Just for a little while. It’s going to get dark soon and the marina shuts down in a couple of hours.” He told Sam to sit near the wheel and he went back to start the motor. He released the lines and cast off, using the tiller to steer the boat out into the bay. When they were safely away from the harbor, he cut the motor and hoisted the mainsail and jib. Now he could take advantage of the breeze as they cut across the channel. Ricky held the wheel steady and sailed straight ahead. When they were abeam Castle Island, he lowered the sails and let the boat drift. 
Sam had been sitting next to Ricky, dividing her time between watching him and taking in the view. Ricky couldn’t help notice how much she enjoyed being out on the water. 
“What do you think?”
“This is amazing! What a view.”
“You want a glass of wine?” he asked.
“You even brought wine?” she asked. “I’m impressed.”
Ricky brought the ice chest out on deck and pulled out a chilled bottle of Pinot Noir. He got a couple of wine glasses and corkscrew from the cabin and went to work pulling the cork from the bottle. Pouring each a glass, he handed her one as she made her way back to a bench on the back of the boat.
“Thank you,” she said as she sat down and crossed her legs underneath her. “The back of the boat is the stern, right?”
“Yep, starboard on the right, port on the left and up front is the bow.”
“I remember you mentioned you had a boat but I didn’t realize it was this magnificent.”
Ricky sat down next to her.
“You said you moved it? Where was it before?”
“Out by Deer Island, east of the airport. When I lived in Chelsea, it was close by. I hadn’t been out there since I moved.” 
Sam put her hand on his. 
“I’m glad you took me out, Ricky. I know what this means to you. It means a lot to me.” She leaned over and gave him a kiss. Lying against him, they enjoyed the rocking of the waves and the smell of the sea breeze a while longer. Finally, as the sun was starting to set, Ricky made preparations to return to the marina. Using the motor to turn the boat, he hoisted the sails once again and had Sam hold the wheel. They sailed back into the marina within a few minutes and Ricky used the motor to guide the boat back to the pier. After tying off the lines, he helped Sam step off the boat and they started to walk back to the car.
“You want to take a walk along the waterfront, Sam?”
“Okay,” she said.
Ricky held her hand and they walked together through Columbus Park. They talked the whole time, about their dreams and families, their jobs and sports, their likes and dislikes. Before they knew it, they were back at the car. Ricky raised his arm, and twirled Sam around. She laughed as she ended up in his arms. Face to face, he took his finger and moved her hair behind her ear.
“You’re so beautiful, Sam.”
She smiled. He embraced her and said, “Thanks for coming out.”
“I’m glad you asked.”
They drove back to Garrison Square, while holding each other’s hand.  

֎֎֎֎֎

When they returned to the apartment complex, they still had not eaten dinner. Not wanting to go out again, they decided to order some Italian and have it delivered. 
“Want something to drink, Sam?” he asked, while they waited.
“Please, a beer would be nice.” He pulled two Heineken’s out of the fridge and popped the caps off both. Handing one to Sam, he held his out in toast. Ricky was standing up against the counter and Sam moved closer to him. She ran her fingers over the back of his hand and looked at him. He smiled but made no moves towards her.
“Ricky? Have you been with anyone since Anne?”
The question caught him off guard. It made him think about how long it had been when he answered. “No.”
“Do you think that is partly why you don’t know if you’re ready?”
He nodded his head back and forth. “Maybe,” he said as he thought about it.
Sam slowly moved in front of him and straddled one of his legs. Pressing into him, she put her beer on the counter and ran the back of her fingers across his face. She leaned in and gave him gentle kisses on his neck. Then she playfully nibbled at his ear. She could feel Ricky’s body starting to get rigid. She gave him a little bite on his bottom lip.
“I bet I can tell if you’re ready,” she whispered in his ear. 
“How?” he managed to respond as he closed his eyes and clutched the counter with his hands. He could feel the curves of her body pressed against him. He could smell the shampoo she used on her hair. It was intoxicating. 
She slowly slid her hand inside his boxers. His breathing got heavier as his body began to respond to her advances. He held on to the counter as his legs wanted to fail him and buckle. He watched her as she watched him; looking at the color of her eyes, the shape of her lips, her hair flowing over her shoulders. She kissed him on the lips and pulled her hand out of his shorts. Grabbing her beer, she walked into the living room as she said, “Yeah, you’re ready.”
He didn’t answer. He let go of the counter and dropped his hands to his side. “I think I need to splash some cold water in my face.”
“Hurry,” she said confidently. “Food should be here soon.”
Ricky went to his bathroom, leaned over the sink and turned the water on. He cupped his hands and let the water fill. Holding his hands to his face, he stood there and focused on the coldness of the water. Regaining his composure, he dried off and reappeared just as the food was being delivered. Sam paid the man and took the bag. Walking into the kitchen, she looked at him with a smile.
“Hungry?”















XV

The next day, they were back at work. Nothing changed at work but everything had changed for Sam. She really liked Ricky. He was nothing like the guys she had dated before. He was everything she wanted in a man. She went through her daily routine, making her rounds and checking on her little patients. But she couldn’t help thinking about him. 

֎֎֎֎֎

On Tuesday, while at work, Sam received a text from Chad. He wanted to talk. Sam had to laugh. She texted him back there was nothing to talk about. It was over between them and she didn’t want to see him again. She didn’t get a reply from him until later that evening. 
I’m sorry.
Sam didn’t respond. He continued to try and reach out to her the next day. Phone calls went to voice mail and texts were deleted without a response. She didn’t mention any of this to Ricky, thinking he would eventually give up and leave her alone. 
Returning home from work Wednesday afternoon, Sam was glad the week was almost over. Amanda’s rehearsal was Saturday afternoon and then they had the dinner. She was really looking forward to it. Undressing in her bedroom, Sam planned on taking a shower and checking to see if Ricky had plans for dinner. She wanted to talk to him about Dave and Amanda’s big weekend. She was to be the maid of honor and he was going to be the best man.
She heard a knock at the door as she was about to step in the shower. Thinking it was Ricky, she went to answer it. She grabbed her robe and went to the door. When she opened it, she was surprised to see Chad standing there. Cinching up the belt on her robe, she stood behind the door as she looked at him.
“Chad. What are you doing here?”
“I’ve been trying to get hold of you,” he replied.
“How did you get through the gate?” Sam asked.
“Someone let me in. Can we talk?”
“I told you there is nothing to talk about,” Sam said adamantly.

֎֎֎֎֎

About that time, Ricky arrived home from work. He came in the back entrance to check his mailbox. He pulled out a few envelopes and fingered through them. There didn’t seem to be anything important; bills and junk mail. He was slowly walking away from his mailbox, when something caught his eye in the distance. 
He looked up and saw a man standing by Sam’s apartment door. It was Chad. Sam was standing in the doorway wearing her bathrobe. He watched as they spoke to each other and then Chad turned to leave. Sam must have called out to him because he turned and looked at her. She waved to him as he continued to walk away and then she closed the door.

֎֎֎֎֎

“Look, I’m sorry the way I acted. I want us to try and get back together.”
“You have some nerve,” Sam said as she folded her arms across her chest. “What’s the matter, did your girlfriend break up with you?” 
“What are you talking about?” he said rather unconvincingly.
“Screw you, Chad. You think I’m just some piece of meat you can have when you want? I know you were seeing someone behind my back. And you have the gall to come running back to me when you obviously got dumped? No thanks. It’s over and just so you understand, the way you treat women, you’ll never have a meaningful relationship with anyone but yourself.”
Chad just stood there fuming as he looked at her with his arms at his side.
“Whatever,” he said. “You know, I hope you do have cancer. You’re pathetic.”
Sam took a deep breath and put her hand to her mouth. She couldn’t believe what he had just said to her. “Leave now or I’m calling the police,” she said calmly as she looked at him with a fiery look in her eyes.
He turned around to leave. As he was walking away, Sam called out to him.
“Hey douche,” she said as she stepped out from behind her door. He turned and looked at her with a hateful look.
“If you ever let yourself in here again, I’m calling the cops.” He turned as she waved at him with an impudent look on her face. Then she went inside and closed the door.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky couldn’t believe what he just saw. Chad leaving her apartment and her in a bathrobe? Was she getting back together with him? Shocked, he slowly walked back to his apartment in a daze. Once inside, he threw his mail on the table and sat down on the sofa. He wanted to go over to Sam’s and confront her. He couldn’t believe she would do something like that to him. 
There was something else on his mind though and he wasn’t up for a confrontation. The last thing he needed right now was a fight with Sam ending their friendship. He decided to avoid her until the wedding rehearsal. He would speak to her after the rehearsal dinner. If their relationship was about to end, he didn’t want it affecting Dave’s weekend. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Dave wasn't sure what happened, but he knew there was something wrong with Ricky. The whole morning, he seemed despondent. Gwen had picked up on it also and had asked Dave if everything was okay. Not sure what was going on, Dave decided to ask him. He went down the hallway and knocked on the door as he poked his head in.
“How's it going?” he asked.
Ricky sat back in his chair. “Fine. I'm working on next month's new client seminar. I’ve updated our portfolio to reflect the current investment strategy and also updated the list of funds available.”
“Great. I hate doing that,” Dave remarked.
“I know,” Ricky said. “That's why I do it.”
Dave laughed. “You seemed a little distant this morning. Is everything okay?”
Ricky tossed his pen on the desk and lean forward with his hands interlocked. “I think Sam's back together with Chad.”
“What?” Dave asked surprised. “Why would you think that?”
“I saw them yesterday. He was leaving her apartment.”
Dave was incredulous. “There has to be an explanation, Ricky. I can't believe it.”
“I saw what I saw,” Ricky said. “And she was wearing her robe.” 
Dave just looked at him. “Want me to talk to Amanda?”
Ricky shook his head. “No, I don't want to drag you guys into this. If she wants to get back with him, it's her choice.”
“So what are you going to do?”
“Nothing,” Ricky replied. “I don't want to confront her about it. It is what it is. If she hasn't said anything by the rehearsal, I'll talk to her after the dinner.” He paused. “You know, she may just be waiting until after the rehearsal to tell me so she doesn't ruin it for anybody.”
Dave put his hands up in the air angrily. “I don't know. Kind of pisses me off though if she's back with him. Especially if she hasn't said anything to you!”
“Don't worry about it, Dave.”
“Okay,” he said resignedly. “I'm sorry, Ricky. Wish it could have worked out. You two were good together.”
Ricky smiled. Picking up his pen, he said, “I'm going to get back to work. I may leave early this afternoon.”
“All right. I am leaving early tomorrow. Amanda and I have to check and make sure everything is ready for the rehearsal dinner.”
“Good luck,” Ricky yelled as Dave left his office.

֎֎֎֎֎

After Dave had left Friday afternoon, Ricky decided he wasn’t going to stick around. The day had been a real challenge. There was the whole issue with Sam, who he avoided last night. She had texted him a couple of times and then called and left a message. Ricky didn’t respond and let the call go to voicemail. 
Deep down he knew there had to be more to what he saw. He just couldn’t believe she would do something like that to him. He needed time to process it though and to come to terms with Anne’s death. He loved her and missed her but he didn’t see himself being a widow for the rest of his life. It was time to move on. He decided he wouldn’t go back to the apartment. He didn’t want to run into Sam and have that conversation.

֎֎֎֎֎

Late Friday afternoon, Gwen called Dave and told him Ricky left early. She was a little worried about him given the way he had been acting over the past couple of days. Dave hadn’t said anything to Amanda about his conversation with Ricky because he didn’t want to upset her. Now he felt they needed to speak to Sam.
After explaining to her what had been going on, Dave and Amanda immediately went over to Sam’s apartment. Sam saw them through the window and went to open the door.
“Hey, sis.”
Amanda didn’t respond right away. She kept walking to Sam’s door.
“What did you do, Sam?”
Sam had no clue. “I don’t know,” she said hesitantly. “Why are you asking that way? What happened?”
They all went inside. Dave answered. “Ricky said he saw Chad coming out of your apartment Wednesday afternoon. He said he saw you at the door in a bathrobe. Are you still seeing that guy?”
Sam froze. How can that have looked any worse? “Oh, my God!” she said as she put her hand to her mouth. She ran her fingers through her hair as she tried to figure out how to explain something very innocent looking so horribly wrong.
Amanda crossed her arms. “Is that all you have to say? Please tell me you’re not sleeping with him.”
“I’m not sleeping with him! Nothing happened,” Sam screamed. “Where’s Ricky? I’ve tried getting hold of him. He’s not answering his phone.”
Sam ran and got her phone. She tried calling him. It went straight to voice mail. She texted him, PLEASE CALL ME! She dropped her arms and looked at Amanda with her mouth open. Then she sat on the arm of the couch. “I need to get hold of him, Dave. Go see if he is at his apartment.”
Dave walked over. While he was gone, Sam explained to Amanda what had happened. “I swear, Amanda, nothing happened. I had just gotten home from work. I went to take a shower and heard a knock at the door,” she explained. “Thinking it was Ricky, I put my robe on and went to answer the door. Someone had let Chad through the gate and he showed up uninvited. I told him to leave or I’d call the cops. That’s it.”
“Well, Ricky must have gotten home while Chad was at your apartment. When he saw you in your robe, he must have assumed the worst.”
“That’s not fair. He knows he can trust me. I’ve never given him any reason not to,” she cried.
A few minutes later Dave came back. “There’s no one there. If he is, he isn’t answering the door.”
Sam fell back on the couch and put her hands to her face. “I have to explain to him what happened. I need to find him.” 
“You can check in his apartment and make sure he’s not there,” said Amanda. “Don’t you have a key?”
Sam kicked her legs off the armrest and jumped up. She went to the kitchen and grabbed Ricky’s spare key. Walking fast, she hurried over to his apartment with Amanda and Dave close behind. They opened the door and looked around. No one was there.
“Are you sure you don’t know where he might be?” Sam asked Dave.
Dave shrugged his shoulders in exasperation. “I don’t know.”
“What about Malorie?” Amanda asked.
Sam looked at her and then searched for Malorie’s number on her phone. She dialed it and waited while the phone rang. Malorie picked up on the second ring.
“Hi, Sam.”
“Malorie, I need your help,” Sam said frantically.
“What’s wrong?” she asked, sounding concerned.
“Ricky’s gone. I can’t find him anywhere. There was a misunderstanding; I think he got the impression I was with Chad.”
“What? “
“Chad showed up. I had just gotten home from work and was about to take a shower when he knocked at the door. Ricky must have seen us by my door with me in my robe and assumed he was leaving my apartment.” 
“How do you know that, Sam?”
“He mentioned it to Dave at work.”
Malorie was quiet. Sam waited, hoping she could help her.
“Wow,” Malorie finally said.
“What?” Sam asked.
“Today was Ricky’s anniversary. He married Anne five years ago.”
“Oh no, Sam said choking up. I have to find him, Mal.”
“I think you should let me talk to him.” 
“I think I may have really hurt him if he thinks I was with Chad.” Tears were rolling down her cheeks. Amanda put her arms around her. “Please explain to him what happened. I love him, Mal. I would never hurt him.”
Dave and Amanda looked at each other. They gave each other a little smile. 
“I will Sam. Just relax. Let me go look for him.”
“Okay.” She hung up and fell in her sister’s arms.

֎֎֎֎֎

There were a few places he could be. Malorie drove out to the marina and cemetery. Not seeing any sign of him, she drove out to Coughlin Park. That was his special place. Where he could watch the planes fly into Logan; where he could be by the water. It was peaceful. He would take Anne out there for picnics and they would talk about bringing their kids out to play while they watched the planes go by. It was where he proposed to her.
It took her over half an hour with traffic. She pulled into the parking lot and spotted his car. She parked next to it, got out and started looking around. She walked past the playground towards the picnic tables and saw him sitting on top of a table. He had his hands in his coat pockets and was watching a plane land at Logan. Malorie came up behind him and climbed up on the table. He looked up at her as she sat down next to him.
He smiled. “You always knew where to find me.”
She put her arm around his and scooted closer. “You’re not that mysterious.” Shivering, she put her hands in her coat pockets. “What are you doing out here? Aren’t you cold?”
He didn’t answer. He just looked out over the water.
“I spoke to Sam,” she said. “Ricky, listen to me. I think there’s been a terrible misunderstanding. What you saw and what happened are two very different things.”
He looked at her with an unbelieving expression.
“I saw her old boyfriend come out of her apartment and she was in a bath robe. What did I get wrong?”
“He didn’t come out of her apartment. He came over to talk to her and someone let him through the gate. Sam said she had just gotten home from work and was about to shower; that’s why she was in her bath robe. She actually thought it was you when he knocked.” 
Ricky had a hard time believing Sam wanted to get back together with Chad. He had thought about it and knew it didn’t make sense. Most importantly, he didn’t believe she would do that to him. 
“It’s true Ricky. She told him to leave and she’d call the cops if he ever snuck through the gate again.”
Ricky was quiet. With the anniversary on his mind, things were messed up. One thing was clear though. He couldn’t stand the thought of losing Sam.
“You believe her?” he asked.
“Yeah, the way she sounded on the phone; I do. And I think you do too. I know right now is rough for you. But Sam loves you.” 
“How do you know?”
“She told me. She’s pretty devastated you thought she was with Chad. Dave and Amanda went over and told her what happened. She’s been frantically looking for you ever since so she could explain what happened. She said she’s tried to call and text you. Why didn’t you answer?”
Ricky dropped his head in his hands. How could things get so screwed up? he wondered.
Malorie rubbed his back. “She’s been honest with you, Ricky. This was a mix-up. A really bad one,” Malorie said, shaking her head. “Probably not smart answering the door in a robe but she didn’t know it was him. You’re mixed up right now because it’s your anniversary. You lost your wife and child, but you haven’t exactly been fair to Sam, you know.”
“What do you mean?”
They sat there for a moment. “You haven’t told her yet, have you?” Malorie said as she tucked her hands again.
“Told her what?” he asked as he looked at her.
“You know what, Ricky. You don’t think you should tell her Anne was pregnant when she died? If you care about her, that’s probably something you open up about.”
“Why?”
Malorie shook her head and laughed. “Wow, I can’t believe I’m giving you relationship advice. Losing Anne had a big effect on you. The fact she was three months pregnant had something to do with that. You fell into a pretty bad depression after the funeral. And you never even talked about the baby. I think it’s clouding your judgment now and not letting you see reality.” 
“I didn’t know.”
“What? What do you mean you didn’t know?”
“I was deployed Mal. Anne kept it a secret. She wanted to surprise me. I found out when I spoke to the chaplain in Bagram.”
Malorie felt helpless. You poor guy, she thought. She put her arms around him.
“I’m sorry, Ricky. I had no idea.” They sat there for a while longer.
Finally, Malorie said, “I’m freezing. I can’t take this any longer,” she said as she sniffled. She got up and stood in front of him. Taking his chin in her hand, she said, “Go talk to her.”
“I will. I want to sit out here a bit longer.” 
“See you tomorrow?” She asked.
“I have to go to Dave’s rehearsal, Mal.”
“I know, Brian invited me to the rehearsal dinner.”
He smiled as he looked at her. “Way to go, Mal.”
She bent down and gave him a hug and then started to walk away. “Make sure you’re at the rehearsal, okay?”
“Wouldn’t miss it,” he answered. 
“And talk to Sam!”
As he put his hands in his pockets again, he looked back at her.
“Mal?”
She stopped and turned around. Yeah?”
“Thanks.”
“Always,” she replied and then turned and walked away.

֎֎֎֎֎
Ricky knew he should go talk to Sam. He had been getting constant texts from her and Dave. But there was something about the anniversary; Ricky just couldn’t let go. And it was seeing Sam with Chad that triggered those feelings.
The fact was he had fallen for Sam. He loved her and the possibility he could lose her scared him. It brought up all the pain of losing Anne again. The sad part was he was ready to begin a new chapter in his life. Now he wasn’t sure he wanted to be that vulnerable again. Could he survive another loss?
Ricky was glad he decided to take some time to figure things out for himself. He drove to the marina so he could spend the night on his boat. It would give him time to think. 
After not hearing from him, Sam reached out to Malorie again. Malorie had already let her know she had found him at the park and explained what had happened. She said he seemed to accept the explanation but was struggling with the anniversary.
“I thought he was passed it all, Sam. I’m not sure why he is going back there. Maybe he just needs a little time,” she said.
Sam was upset. It hurt knowing Ricky was shutting her out. She was pretty sure he wasn’t at his apartment. Checking to be sure, she figured there was only one other place he could be besides a hotel. Putting on a jacket, she grabbed her keys and purse and ran to her car.
When she arrived at the marina, she saw Ricky’s car parked in the lot. She found an empty space nearby and pulled in. Walking out on the pier, she slowly approached his boat. She could see him sitting on the deck as she got close. 
“Permission to come aboard?” she asked as she stood by the ladder.
Ricky turned in his chair and was surprised to see her. “Granted,” he replied.
Sam stepped down on the deck and sat down on the bench in front of him. “You didn’t return my calls.”
“No,” he said looking down. “Sorry about that.”
Sam was surprised at the apology. “I’m the one who should be apologizing,” she exclaimed. “I can’t imagine what you must have thought when you saw me with Chad. I’m so sorry for that, Ricky,” she said as her voice cracked.
“Don’t worry about it, Sam,” he said.
“Nothing happened,” she said emphatically. “Somebody let him in and I had no idea he was at the door.”
“I believe you.”
“Then why have you been avoiding me?” she asked as a tear rolled down her cheek.
Ricky stood up and walked to the rail. Looking out at the water, he put his hands on his head. “I just needed some time.”
Sam stood up and moved over next to him. “Okay,” she said. “You could have told me. I’m not trying to crowd you or trap you or anything.”
“Trap me?” Ricky said as he put his hands down. He sat down on the rail. “I know,” he said looking at her. “This is hard to explain.”
“I’m listening,” she said as she crossed her arms.
“When I saw you the other day, I didn’t know what to think. I had a really hard time believing you were back together with him. I believe you, but it hurt, Sam. Like when I lost Anne. And with our anniversary yesterday….” His voice trailed off.
“I’m sorry I caused you that pain,” she said as she put her hand on his leg. “I’ve been desperately looking for you ever since. If that’s what’s caused all this, I hope it hasn’t ruined what we had. But if there is more to it, and you’re scared you might get hurt again, then take the time you need to make sure this is what you want. I don’t want to compete with Anne. I’m not looking to replace her either. I like being with you. I want you to want to be with me.”
Ricky didn’t say anything. Sam walked back to the ladder. Before she climbed back up on the pier, she said, “And I want you to understand something. I’d never do anything to hurt you.” She started to climb the ladder when Ricky stopped her.
“Sam, wait.” She turned and looked at him. Ricky stood up and walked over to her. “Please stay. I’m sorry I’ve been avoiding you.” 
Sam put her arms around him as he lifted her off the ladder. Setting her down on the deck, he put his arms around her and gave her a hug.
“I’m sorry about what you saw,” she said. “I know it looked bad. I really had no idea it was him at the door, Ricky.” 
“I believe you. I do,” he said as he looked her in the eyes. “This has more to do with my past than with you. I have to let go of Anne and it’s a little sad. She was a wonderful person. You would have liked her.”
“I know I would have,” she replied. “We have the same taste in men.”
He laughed and kissed her on the forehead. Then he sat back down and tapped the bench next to him. Sam slowly walked over to him and sat down. He took her hand.
“There’s something else. I think what upset me the most about yesterday was the thought of losing you. When I saw you with Chad, it really hit home. I didn’t realize until that moment how much I love you.” 
Sam threw her arms around him. “I love you too.” 

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam stayed on the boat with Ricky that night. They drank some wine and talked about their past. Growing up, what they were like as kids, high school, old flames; it was the perfect moment for Sam to open up about the miscarriage and her fear of not being able to have kids. But she couldn’t do it. As close as they felt at that moment, she was sure that admission would haunt her for the rest of her life. Who would want a barren woman?
They fell asleep in each other’s arms and woke in the morning to the bright sunlight shining in their eyes. 
“I need some coffee,” Sam said as she sat up and clutched her head. “I think I drank a little too much wine.”
Ricky sat up. “Get a bottle of water out of the fridge. That’ll help some. There’s also a Dunkin Donuts across the street if you want to get some breakfast.”
Sam stood up and stretched. Grabbing a bottle of water, she took a couple of swigs and handed the bottle to Ricky. Finishing it off, he grabbed his shoes and put them on.
“Come on, beautiful; let’s go get your coffee.”
Sam followed him out of the cabin and up the stairs. Holding her hand, they walked a block over to New England’s favorite coffee house. They each ordered a large coffee. Ricky also got a couple of Boston crème donuts, while Sam got a blueberry muffin. They ate on the pier and enjoyed the morning watching the harbor. Afterwards, they went back to the boat and decided to take a nap.
Sam had never slept on a boat before. The gentle rocking of the waves was soothing. As she lay there, she could hear the waves crashing in and lapping against the pier pilings. It was extremely relaxing and just lying on the boat and enjoying it was nice, especially since she was lying next to Ricky.
“We are being so lazy today,” Sam said as she woke up from her nap. 
“Don’t get to do this very often,” Ricky observed. “I think it’s just what we needed; a chance to slow down for a while.” Looking over at Sam, he sat up. “What would you think about ordering a pizza for lunch, casting off and sitting out in the harbor while we eat?”
Sam started laughing. She put her hand to her mouth and looked at him to see if he was serious. Seeing that he was, she rested the back of her hand on her forehead and said, “Okay.”
Ricky leaned over and kissed her on the lips. Then he pulled his phone out and called to have a pizza delivered. The employee on the phone was taken off guard when he was given the delivery address and wasn’t sure if it was a prank call. Ricky prepaid to alleviate any concerns and he and Sam sat out on the deck until the pizza arrived. 
“This is crazy,” she said when the delivery man delivered their pizza and Ricky threw the lines off the boat. He started up the motor and steered the boat out into the harbor. Cutting the motor when they were on the other side of the inner harbor, Ricky grabbed a couple of waters and joined Sam by the makeshift table she created. 
They were able to view the downtown skyline and harbor from their vantage point. Ships were cutting through the harbor water like a road with two lanes. In the other direction was Logan. They were able to watch the planes land and takeoff of runways 22 Left and 22 Right.
“I think I could sit out here all day and watch this harbor,” Ricky surmised.
“Mmm,” Sam sighed as she closed her eyes and tilted her head towards the sun. “It sure is peaceful out here.” She looked over at Ricky. “Thanks for letting me stay. It wouldn’t have been a good night if I had gone back to the apartment alone.”
“I know,” he agreed. “Sorry about avoiding you. I’m so glad you didn’t leave.”
Sam got up and sat in his lap. She gave him a kiss and put her arms around him. Laying her head on his chest, she pointed out why they couldn’t just sit out there all day. “You know we’re going to have to go back to the apartments soon. We can’t be late; Father John will kill us.”
Ricky laughed. “A few more minutes and we’ll head back, okay?”
“Okay.”









XVI

The rehearsal was to begin at five o’clock. It was being held at the Church of Saint Ignatius of Loyola. The symmetrical stone church with oversized wooden doors was a testament to the devotion of those that built it. Its ornate and intricate detail was something to marvel. The gothic arches, which gave it a sense of antiquity. The beautiful stain glass windows, so characteristic of Catholic churches, admired for their luminescent radiance. 
Father John Kowalski, a stocky Polish priest with thinning white hair, was looking at his watch. The rehearsal was to begin in ten minutes and they were still waiting for the best man and maid of honor. 
“Are we going to be on time, Frank?” Father John asked. “You know I don’t like being late.”
Father John had been a family friend for almost ten years. He was like a member of the family. They had had him over for Sunday dinner on numerous occasions. Laura had to laugh because she knew his concern was dinner and he always got cranky if dinner was late. She wasn’t too worried. The fact they were missing both Ricky and Sam was a good sign.
The sound of the large wooden door swinging open echoed through the church and everyone turned to see who it was. Ricky and Sam came running up the aisle and joined the wedding party near the altar.
Ricky’s calculations had proven too close for comfort. What had been five minutes quickly turned into an hour and left them rushing to get back to the apartment. They took showers, threw on clothes for the rehearsal and made a dash to Ricky’s car. While Ricky drove, Sam texted Amanda they were on their way.
“Sorry we’re late,” Ricky said for the both of them. “I timed it too close.”
Dave was calm and relaxed. He knew they would be there. Ricky wasn’t the type of person to let his friends down. Amanda had told him Sam and Ricky were together, which meant they were working things out.
“You’re not late,” Dave said. 
“Well, let’s get started, shall we?” Father John asked. “How about we have the wedding party go to the back of the church and we’ll begin.” 
Dave took Amanda’s hand and they walked to the back of the church together. Besides Ricky and Sam, there were only four others in the wedding party; Becky and Dave’s sister, Vicki, were bridesmaids. One year older than her brother, Vicki was thrilled to be in his wedding. Married with three kids, she had encouraged Dave to get into the financial sector. She was a co-owner of a financial planning firm and had been his mentor since he left college. Brian and Vicki’s husband, Max were the groomsmen.
After congregating in the back, the music started playing. Once the rehearsal began, it went smoothly from that point on. Father Kowalski was an old pro at presiding over wedding rehearsals and ceremonies, especially when they were backed up against dinner. It only took an hour to run through it twice. Being such a small wedding party helped move things along.
When everyone was satisfied with the rehearsal and comfortable with what to expect, Father John went over the wedding date and time with Amanda. Because of a scheduling conflict with the church, they had pushed the actual wedding to next Friday evening at seven o’clock.
Before leaving for the rehearsal dinner, Frank and Laura came over to Ricky to say hi. They were happy to see him and Sam together. Dave’s parents and Vicki also gave him a hug. It had been a while since they had seen him and they treated him like a son. Dave made sure they had the address for the Green Briar before they left. The group then left for the rehearsal dinner.

֎֎֎֎֎
The Green Briar was an Irish pub just down the street from Devlin’s and was another popular venue for Brian’s band. Brian was planning on playing some music that night but most of the evening would be handled by a DJ. There was also an Irish seisiún planned, a gathering of musicians who play Irish music together; the best part being when the pub patrons dance to the jigs and reels. 
The dinner itself was traditional. The Green Briar had a great selection of food, especially the appetizers. Frank had preordered several items with his reservation and they had a section of the pub to themselves for the rehearsal dinner. Everyone wanted to eat first before they took part in the music and dance. They were not disappointed with the food. The selection was mouth-watering; crab cakes, clam chowder, lobster bisque, fried clams, Buffalo wings, bacon-wrapped scallops, and an assortment of dips and desserts, including Boston crème pie.
Brian and his band started out the music lineup as everyone was finishing eating. He wanted to finish early so he would have a chance to dance also. They played for about an hour and as they were wrapping up, Brian introduced Malorie. 
“Thank you,” she said. “This is a song by Lucinda Williams. It’s called Bus to Baton Rouge.”
As the music started playing, Ricky looked over at his sister and recognized the song. It was one of his favorites. Dave and Amanda had already been out on the dance floor for the first dance so Ricky turned to Sam as Malorie started singing.

I had to go back to that house one more time
To see if the camellias were in bloom
For so many reasons its been on my mind
The house on Belmont Avenue
I took a bus to Baton Rouge
I took a bus to Baton Rouge

“Do you want to dance?”
“Okay,” she said.
He held out his hand and led her on the dance floor. As he turned around, he put an arm around her and pulled her to him. She rested her head against his chest and they held each other as they swayed to the music. 

Built up on cinder blocks off of the ground
What with the rain and the soft swampy land
By the sweet honeysuckle that grew all around
Were switches when we were bad

While the music slowly played and others danced nearby, Sam’s parents watched them. So did Dave and Amanda. It was obvious things were getting serious between the two. Laura was happy; so was Frank. He had seen Ricky with his baby girl and he knew Ricky would take care of her.

There was this beautiful lamp I always loved
A seashore was painted on the shade
It would turn around when you switched on the bulb
And gently rock the waves

They continued to move back and forth to the music. Ricky’s hand swept Sam’s hair back and he kissed her gently on the forehead. She looked into his eyes and kissed him gently on the lips as the music continued in the background.

The driveway was covered with
Tiny white seashells
A fig tree stood in the backyard
There are other things I remember as well
But to tell them would just be too hard
Ghosts in the wind that blow through my life
Follow me wherever I go
I'll never be free from these chains inside
Hide deep, deep down in my soul

When Malorie finished singing, she got a roaring ovation and a hug from Ricky. Brian and his band packed up their instruments and cleared the stage. The Irish musicians gathered on stage afterwards. One of the musicians stepped up to the mike and explained what a seisiún was. “A seisiún is where Irish musicians gather and play jigs, reels, and hornpipes. Most of us either play a fiddle, accordion, tin whistle or guitar.” After explaining it, he invited everyone to join in song and feel free to dance whenever the urge moved them.
Ricky had never been to an Irish seisiún before, but he was from Louisiana and Cajun music seemed an awful lot like it. The music was festive and lively. People were clapping, dancing and having a good time. Everyone, including Sam’s parents, were out on the dance floor.
Then they started to dance the jigs. The place became much more raucous. Sam showed him how to dance a jig. He could see Brian doing the same with Malorie. She looked like she was having a blast and Ricky was glad she came. For the last song, the Irish musicians chose one of the most famous Irish songs, Danny Boy. As they started to play, everyone made their way out to the dance floor, with beer in hand, to sing along. Ricky was surprised how loud it got when everyone joined in and sang.

Oh Danny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling
From glen to glen, and down the mountain side
The summer's gone, and all the flowers are falling
'Tis you, 'tis you must go and I must bide.
But come ye back when summer's in the meadow
Or when the valley's hushed and white with snow
'Tis I'll be here in sunshine or in shadow
Oh Danny boy, oh Danny boy, I love you so.

When the song ended, everyone cheered and raised their glasses in the air in toast. The musicians joined the crowd and a DJ took over. As the night wound down, the selection of music slowed as well. Ricky and Sam had danced with all of the family but most of their dances they saved for each other. They seemed inseparable.
The family stayed until one in the morning before finally calling it a night. It had been a long day for everyone. Sam and Ricky drove back together and talked about how much fun they had at the dinner. They were both overjoyed for Dave and Amanda and looked forward to the wedding. 
When they got back to the apartment complex, Ricky walked Sam to her apartment. She put her arms around him and gave him a hug. “Thanks for such a wonderful day.”
“That was a lot of fun, wasn’t it?” he reflected.
Hesitating, Sam asked, “Do you want to come in?”
Ricky looked her in the eyes. “Yes,” he said. 
She kissed him and then unlocked the door. Taking him by the hand, she led him inside. They walked back to her bedroom and she turned on a lamp. Turning around, she untucked his shirt and pulled it off. It was the first time she saw the rest of his scars. She looked at his shoulder and traced her fingers over the scar.
“Are there any others?” she said softly.
“My thigh,” he answered.
Sam undid his belt and clasp on his pants. Sliding them down to his ankles, she sat down on the bed and felt the scar on his thigh. Then she slid her fingers around the waistband of his boxers and slid them down as well. She looked at him and ran her hands over his body.
“I finally get to see you naked.”
Ricky laughed. He took her hand and pulled her back up. Pulling her dress off, he slid the front fastener on her bra apart. The bra separated. “You can hardly see your scar,” he said as he ran his fingers over it. With his hand on her back, he laid her down on the bed and then turned out the lamp. “No more scars,” he said as he lay next to her.

֎֎֎֎֎

The smell of bacon brought Sam out of a deep sleep. As she slowly woke up, she had to piece together why she was lying in bed naked and why her apartment smelled like a Denny's restaurant.
She knew why. Jumping out of bed, she put on her white satin Kimono robe, tied the sash and went to the kitchen. There, she found Ricky in a pair of athletic shorts and T-shirt making breakfast.
“Morning, sleepyhead,” he said when he saw her. “I was going to make you breakfast in bed.” 
“Good morning, sexy man,” she replied as she slinked over and put her arms around his waist. He gave her a kiss and then held a slice of bacon in front of her mouth. She bit it and pulled it out of his fingers. Dangling from her mouth, she daintily grasped the bacon with a pinky in the air and bit off a piece.
Looking around the kitchen, she saw he had scrambled some eggs, toasted English muffins and made coffee. There were sliced strawberries and blueberries mixed together already on two plates. The bacon was the last item remaining.
She looked at Ricky. “You didn't get this from my fridge. Did you go to the store?”
“I raided my apartment,” he replied. “I was hungry.”
Sam giggled. “After last night, I can understand why.”
Ricky smiled as he flipped the bacon on the skillet. Sam came up behind him and put her arms back around him. Nibbling at his ear, he tilted his head and laughed.
“You're insatiable,” he observed. “Why don't you make yourself a cup of coffee before you make me burn the bacon?” 
Smiling, she let him go and swatted his butt. Taking a coffee cup from the cupboard, she poured herself some coffee and took a sip.
Leaning against the counter, she asked if he wanted a cup also.
“I already have one on the bar,” he said as he pointed with the spatula. “It's almost ready. Do you want to eat in bed?”
“I appreciate the gesture,” she said, “but I'm okay with us sitting at the table.” When the bacon was ready, he let Sam serve her own plate and he followed her. Sitting down at the table next to each other, they ate their breakfast. Finishing first, Sam fed the last two blueberries on her plate to Ricky as she watched him eat.
“So, does this mean we’re officially dating?” she asked.
Ricky leaned forward and ran his fingers over the top of her hand. “Do you want us to be officially dating?
“Yes,” she said smiling as she grabbed his fingers.
He leaned forward and kissed her. “Then I guess it is official.”
Ricky finished the rest of his breakfast and sat back in the chair as he drank his coffee. Sam put her legs across his lap.
“I have to get ready in a little while,” she commented. “I was planning on going to church with the family and then over to lunch at my parent’s house. You want to come?”
“No, Sam,” he said quietly. “You go on. I had some other plans.”
“Oh, okay,” she said taken aback. She took her legs off of him and leaned closer. “Is everything okay?”
“Yeah,” he said rubbing her arm. He stood up and walked over to the coffee pot to pour another cup.  
After pouring the coffee, he turned and looked at her.
“Don’t take this the wrong way, Sam. There’s nothing wrong. I enjoy your family and spending time with them. In fact, I would go with you but…I’m not a big church-goer right now and I was planning on going out to the cemetery today.”
Sam stood up and looked at him with a concerned look.
He continued to explain, “Since it was our anniversary this weekend, I thought I would go there. I haven’t been in a while and I’d like to bring some fresh flowers to put by the grave.”
Sam put her hands on her hips and hesitated to say anything. Finally, she asked, “Can I go with you?”
Ricky went back over to his chair and sat down next to her. “I appreciate you being so understanding. It means a lot to me. And I’d love it if you came.”
Sam ran her fingers through his hair. She wasn’t sure what he would think about her coming. His answer was what she was hoping to hear. Leaning over, she kissed him on the lips.
“I should probably go so you can shower and meet your family on time. We can go when you get back.” 
“I want to stay with you,” she said as she swung a leg over him so she was straddling his lap. Sam kissed him again and rubbed his chest with her hands. Putting her hands behind her on the table, she lifted herself up off of him, sat down on the table and untied her robe. The shower could wait.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam texted Amanda after she showered to let her know she wasn’t coming over. She was going with Ricky instead to visit Anne’s grave and bring some fresh flowers. Amanda responded back moments later to say she was glad they were going together. Dressed and ready to go, Sam went over to Ricky’s apartment and knocked on the door. Opening the door, he stepped outside and locked it. 
The cemetery was located in Chelsea, on the northeast side of Boston. On the drive over, they stopped at a grocery store and picked up a fresh bouquet of roses. Continuing the drive, they eventually came to the front gate and drove in. 
Sam loved the peaceful setting of the cemetery. It had tall American elm, hemlock, oak, birch and maple trees scattered all over the grounds. The tombstones were lined perfectly, as if in military formation and the small road that wound through the cemetery was lined with shrubs and rose bushes.
They made it back to the row Anne’s grave was on. Parking alongside the road, they got out and walked over. As they did, Ricky pulled one of the roses out of the bouquet and handed it to Sam. Taking it, she smiled at him and held his hand. The grave was near some trees but had rays of sunlight shining down on it. Ricky walked over to the tombstone and placed the bouquet in the fixed flower stand.
The tombstone read: 

Anne Carter Jackson and Child
1984–2015
May You Rest In Peace

Sam stepped back and put her hands to her mouth.
“Ricky!” She screamed, horrified.
Standing up and turning to see why she screamed his name, he saw her expression as she stared at the tombstone. Realizing what she was reacting to, he turned and looked at the tombstone.
Sam was mortified. She was experiencing many emotions at that moment. In anger, she marched over to Ricky and grabbed his arm so he would turn to look at her.
“She was pregnant when she died? How could you not tell me?” She asked as tears welled up.
“I didn't know when to tell you, Sam. Or how. I thought the best thing to do was bring you here.”
“I can't believe you didn't tell me she was pregnant,” she said as she crossed her arms and stepped away from him.
Ricky didn't say anything. He just looked at her as she tried to process the tragedy of his loss.
“How far along was she?” 
“Three months apparently.”
“What do you mean apparently?” Sam asked angrily. 
“I didn't know she was pregnant,” he said resignedly.
Sam looked at the tombstone and then back at him. “How could you not know?”
Ricky sat down next to the grave. “I was deployed, Sam. Anne found out right after I left and wanted to surprise me when I got home. I didn't know until the chaplain told me she had died.”
Sam sat down next to him in shock. She felt numb. Ricky looked at her.
“I wasn't trying to keep it a secret. I have thought about telling you for a while, but it's been hard for me to accept. I never even had a chance to know my child; Anne telling me, picking a name, planning for the baby's arrival. It's been hard to feel any emotion about losing a child I never even had a chance to know. It just makes me feel numb”
Sam was silent. She didn't want to be mad but she didn't know what to say. It was bad enough her keeping a secret about losing a child. The fact they both had such an awful secret was devastating.
She also knew what made her angry was it scared her. Ricky was going to have children. He wanted a family. What would he think of her if he knew she couldn't have children? It just reinforced her desire to keep her secret. It also made it impossible for her to be mad at him. If anyone understood, it was her.
Ricky nudged her. “You mad?”
“No,” she said as she looked out in the distance.
“We’re just getting to know each other, Sam. The good and the bad. This was the worst. I'm sure there are things you haven't told me. And I'm sure you will when you're ready.”
Sam looked at him suspiciously. Did he already know she had had a miscarriage? Did he know she may not be able to have children? Was he given her a chance to bring it out in the open?
Sam sat there with her head down. She couldn't do it and it killed her inside to keep that from him. But for now, it had to wait. Not after finding out about his child.
“Come on, let's go,” Ricky said as he stood up. He held his hand out to her. She looked at him. Part of her didn't want to move, but she finally held up her hand and took his. Pulling her up, he kept hold of her. She smiled and put her arm around him as they walked back to the car.



XVII

After working five straight shifts, Friday could not come soon enough for Sam. She wanted to get out over the weekend and do something with Ricky. On a break, she called him to see if he would take her out. 
Using her sexiest voice, she asked, “What are you up to?” when he answered.
“I’m working,” Ricky said, laughing.
“Any plans for the weekend?”
“Not really, just Dave and Amanda’s wedding. Last weekend was so busy; I thought you might want to relax.”
It wasn’t the response Sam was hoping for. Sensing he might just want to catch up on sleep and relax himself, she decided not to push it.
“Okay,” she tried to say convincingly. 
“What time are you getting home this afternoon?” he asked.
“Probably about six,” she replied.
“I’ll try and get out of here at the same time, okay? See you later?”
“Definitely,” she said.
They hung up and Sam decided to start her rounds. She was a little disappointed they weren’t going out. She was more disappointed in herself for not speaking up and saying what she wanted to say. It’s Ricky, for Pete’s sake! 
Ricky went back to work. He tried not to dwell on their conversation but sensed Sam may have called to suggest going out because she really wanted to. She usually wasn’t so cryptic when they spoke to each other. He texted her back to make sure she was fine with their plans.
Do you really want to go out this weekend?
She felt her phone vibrate and looked at the screen. Smiling, she replied back.
I do. Will you take me somewhere?
Without hesitation, he asked, Want to go to the Aquarium? He had been there before but enjoyed it so much, he planned to go back at some point.
Yes!
Okay, Saturday. You and me.
Lol, she replied. It made her feel good he could read her like that. It’s a date!

֎֎֎֎֎

A Friday afternoon wedding was a bit unusual, but their scheduling conflict with the church had created a dilemma. Dave and Amanda’s wedding was supposed to take place on Sunday, the day after their rehearsal dinner. Father John’s secretary, however, made a mistake and booked two events at the same time. Being so close to the family, Father John reached out to Amanda to see if she could help him find a solution. They were leaving on their honeymoon Saturday morning, so they decided to keep it on a weekend and have it the Friday before they left.
It turned out to be an easy fix for them. With all of the family living in the local area, all they had to do was get away from work early enough to beat traffic. The wedding party made sure that wouldn’t be an issue. The girls had taken Friday off so they could spend the day getting ready. They had mani-pedis in the morning, followed by hair appointments in the afternoon. They went to the church afterwards to get dressed for the wedding.
Ricky and Dave worked that morning and left at noon. They stopped at a sandwich shop for lunch and then picked up their tuxes together. Afterwards, Ricky got a haircut and went to the apartment. He left early so he could spend some time with Dave at the church before the ceremony. 
Everyone assembled at the church a couple of hours before the ceremony began. Brian and Max met up with Dave and Ricky. They knew the girls had all made it but had not seen any of them. For their part, they had a room in the sacristy to get their dresses on and do finishing touches on their hair. Their moms met them when they arrived to help get them ready.
Even though it was a fairly small wedding, there were still quite a few friends that came. The parents had already taken their places in the front pews and Dave was pacing in the vestibule with his groomsmen. 
“Don’t be so nervous,” Ricky kidded him. “Just think, tomorrow morning this will all be over and you will be on your way to that Mediterranean cruise.”
“That sounds like fun,” Brian commented. “How long are you going to be on your honeymoon?”
“Two weeks,” Dave said as he became distracted with the details of the cruise. “We fly to Spain and board the ship in Valencia. Then we go along the coast and stop in Barcelona, Marseille, Rome, Naples, Crete and Athens. We fly home from Athens. It’s a nice itinerary because we have a lot of time with each stop to see the sights. It should be a great time.”
“Is the cruise all inclusive?” Max asked.
“All you can eat, all you can drink,” Dave said smiling.
Ricky laughed as he shook his head. “You’re not going to want to come back to work.”
“I have to,” Dave lamented. “I have to pay for this honeymoon.” The guys laughed until they saw Sam walk through the door. The bridesmaid’s dresses were stunning and Sam looked like a vision. She wore a long black dress with a lace appliqué draped over a silky charmeuse satin gown. It was figure hugging all the way down to the waist and flared out at the bottom. The off-the-shoulder style gave it such a romantic look. Vicki and Becky joined her.
“Wow,” Brian said.
“You ladies look incredible,” Ricky added. 
“Thank you, kind sir,” Sam said as she walked up to him and gave him a kiss.
“How’s Amanda doing?” Dave asked.
“She’s probably more relaxed than you are,” Ricky said jokingly.
“She’s a little nervous,” Sam admitted. “But she looks beautiful.”
Frank joined them in the vestibule as the music started to play. He gave Sam a hug and shook Dave’s hand as they entered the nave and walked to the altar. As the organist started to play The Bridal March, Amanda came through the door holding her dad’s arm. Sam was right; she was beautiful. Her dress had a similar lace appliqué draped over a silky charmeuse satin gown. The fit-and-flare design also resembled the bridesmaid’s dresses. While theirs was black, however, hers was white and had a trailing overskirt. She wore her red hair up so you could see the low V-cut along her neckline and back. 
Sam couldn’t help herself and cried during the ceremony. She was so happy for her sister. The ceremony went perfectly and Father John was able to settle the nerves of the bride and groom with his good-natured humor. After pronouncing them man and wife, he presented them to the friends and family. They clapped as the recessional music started playing and Dave and Amanda walked down the aisle. They stood in the vestibule as everyone filed by and congratulated them. When everyone was outside, the wedding couple exited the church and ran to their car under a shower of rice. 
The wedding reception was held at a reception hall just down the street by Boston College. Malorie was at the wedding and met up with Brian while his band set up. They had catered dinner and served a choice of salmon, chicken or steak. The food was delicious and although it wasn’t a large group, it was still a nice size for a party. When the music started playing, they took to the dance floor and had a night of fun and celebration. 
Dave knew he was going to be sorry in the morning for staying until two a.m. They had such a great time, it was sad to see it end. When it was finally time for them to go, their family and friends wished them a wonderful trip on their honeymoon and congratulated them one more time. Ricky gave Dave a hug and Sam hugged her sister. The girls both cried as they said goodbye. 
“You know I’ll still always be your sister, right Sam? No matter what, I’ll always be there for you.”
“I know,” Sam said. “I love you so much. Have fun,” she said as she let her go. Ricky came over and put his arm around her. It was bittersweet, but Sam was very happy for her. Amanda had watched out for her all her life and now that dynamic was changing. But she wasn’t alone. What seemed like a void coming into her life was filled by a great guy standing next to her. He was watching out for her now and it made her feel at peace.

֎֎֎֎֎

The next morning, Sam got ready and met Ricky out by his car. She wore a black miniskirt, blue sweater and leather Tory Burch Terra Thong sandals. It was not the first time Ricky had to take a second look when he saw Sam approaching. For his part, he was wearing a pair of jeans, polo shirt and sneakers. He was holding a light weight North Face jacket in case they decided to take a boat tour around the harbor.
“Sam,” Ricky exclaimed. “You look amazing.” She walked up to him and he gave her a kiss.
“Thank you,” she said playfully.
He held the door open for her as she sat down in his Mercedes. They made the short drive to the New England Aquarium and Ricky left his car with the valet. Walking hand in hand, Ricky asked her if she had ever been to the aquarium before. 
“No, I haven’t,” she remarked. “I’ve wanted to; just never got around to it. Maybe I was just waiting for the right person to go with,” she said as she put her arm around him.
Ricky smiled and put an arm around her. At the ticket counter, he purchased two tickets and they went inside.
The Aquarium was an amazing spectacle. In the front atrium stood a large cylindrical tank with a spiraling staircase around it that went up to the fourth floor. In the center tank, there were sea turtles, sharks, stingrays, moray eels and an assortment of fish swimming around a Caribbean coral reef setting. They opened the map they received at the ticket counter. There were numerous exhibits to explore on all four levels, including sharks, seals and penguins. Outside on the plaza level, they could watch the harbor seals from the wharf.
“This is so amazing,” Sam said quietly. It was so peaceful and harmonic, it made you act like you were in a library. 
“The displays are mesmerizing,” remarked Ricky. “There are so many different kinds of sea life.”
“I want to go to the Touch Tank before we leave,” Sam said enthusiastically. She laughed. “I feel like such a kid in here.”
“This is the kind of place where you should feel like a kid. It shows you are enjoying yourself.”
She looked at him and thought about how his comments to her were always so complimentary and kind. What’s more, she knew he was genuinely sincere. Her relationship with Ricky was so different from what she had experienced in the past. It made her feel wanted and appreciated. She loved him for that.
They continued to explore every level. There was a Harbor View Café on level two. They stopped to have a cup of coffee. Sitting by the window, they had a spectacular view of the harbor and city skyline. 
“Thanks for bringing me here,” Sam said. “I’m having a good time.”
“I’m glad. You want to take a harbor tour on one of the duck boats afterwards?”
“No, maybe a walk along the plaza?”
“Okay,” he said agreeably. “I can always take you on a private tour of the harbor some other time.”
“I’d like that,” she said. 
They finished their coffee and made their way up to the Edge of the Sea touch tank. There were a lot of kids there holding different types of ocean creatures. Sam walked up to the tank and put her hand in the water. She lifted a starfish out of the water. Sam laughed as a little girl next to her touched the starfish. Ricky stood back and admired her enthusiasm. An aquarium educator walked over as more kids crowded around and they talked about the different sea life in the exhibit.
Sam lowered the starfish back into the water. She then picked up a hermit crab, careful not to get pinched. The kids were even more excited with her new selection. They laughed as the crab pinched its claws in the air. The educator provided some more information about hermit crabs and lobsters.
Much to the chagrin of the kids around the tank, Sam put the crab back in the water and got up to leave. Sam thanked the educator for her help and walked over to Ricky.
“You were quite the entertainer,” he commented.
Sam smiled. “That was fun.”
They made their way back downstairs to the shark and ray touch tank. The exhibit had a mangrove theme to it and you could watch the rays and sharks swim through the viewing windows. At the top of the tank, visitors were able to reach in the water and touch the Cownose Rays and Epaulette Sharks as they swam by.
This time Ricky went up to the side of the tank with Sam. They put their hands in the water as a group of rays swam by. 
“What kind of rays are these?” Sam asked an aquarium educator.
“Those are Cownose Rays,” he answered. “The little sharks you see on the bottom are Epaulette Sharks.”
“This is so amazing,” Sam exclaimed as a ray went under her hand. When they were done admiring the exhibit, they decided to call it a day and left the aquarium. As they left the building, Sam reached out and took Ricky’s hand. They walked across the plaza and took in the picturesque harbor. Standing near the water, they watched the harbor seals sun on the rocks.
“Too bad we can’t see any whales,” Ricky said expectantly.
“Have you ever seen any out here?” Sam asked.
“A couple of times. Usually from the other side of the bay, looking east along the coast. You can park along the road going to Coughlin Park and look out at the ocean. Have you ever seen any?” Ricky asked.
“No. I’ve come out to the harbor many times. I love sitting at the end of one of the piers and watching the boats in the bay. I doubt there are any whales in the harbor with all of the boat traffic,” Sam commented. Looking at him, she said, “You know those day trips we spoke about?”
“Like the ones I took with Anne?”
“Yeah. You said we could do that sometime.”
“Did you decide on where you want to go?” he asked.
“Well, you said we could take the boat, so I thought maybe we could go somewhere along the coast and possibly see some whales.”
Ricky thought about it. “I don’t know if we’ll get lucky enough to see any whales but we can definitely go somewhere down the coast. Cape Cod and Nantucket are options. Plymouth is not as far; we would probably need a weekend to go there though.”
“I’m free next weekend,” she said smiling.

֎֎֎֎֎

As the weekend approached, Ricky kept a close eye on the weather. It was forecasted to rain all along the coast Thursday and Friday. Not wanting to take any chances, he texted Sam and told her they should wait until Saturday morning to leave. If the weather didn’t clear up by then, they could either postpone or drive.
As it turned out, the weather began to clear late Friday afternoon. Ricky was glad he waited though. It was Sam’s first boat trip and he didn’t want her to be worried about the weather. Fortunately, the forecast for the rest of the weekend was cooler temperatures with clear skies. With a good breeze, they would make good time on the water and the sun would feel good on them if it was a little chilly.
Ricky went to check on Sam Friday after he got home from work. He walked over and knocked on her door.
“Hey, good looking,” she said as she opened the door. Ricky stepped inside and gave her a kiss.
“Ready for the weekend?” he asked.
“You bet I am!” she exclaimed.
“The weather looks like it is going to be fantastic. I’m looking forward to this.”
“Me too,” she said as she put her arms around him. 
“Did you eat yet? Want to get some dinner?” he asked as he held her.
“Have anything in mind?” she asked.
“I was in the mood for Italian, actually.” 
“Have you ever been to Giacomo’s?”
“No,” he answered. “Are they any good?”
“Yeah, come on. Let me treat you,” she said.
“Alright,” he replied.
She slipped on her Tory Burch sandals and grabbed her purse. Ricky drove while Sam navigated. When they arrived, the restaurant had a dinner crowd and they were told it would be a thirty minute wait. Sam and Ricky went to the bar and had a drink while they waited.
“So, what are we going to do on this big adventure?” Sam asked excitedly.
“Well, we’ll sail down in the morning and spend the day in Plymouth. I was thinking we could sleep on the boat, if you’re okay with that.”
“That would be fun,” she said. “I’m okay with that.”
“And then Sunday, we can spend the morning in town, have lunch and sail back.”
Sam took his hand and held it. “I’m so excited. I told Becky and Amanda what we are doing this weekend. They’re extremely jealous.”
“We need to invite them sometime and go out in the harbor. I think Ethan will like that,” he commented.
Sam was touched; it was very thoughtful for him to think about Becky’s son.
“Thanks for including Becky and Ethan,” she said.
The buzzer eventually lit up and they were escorted to a table. Taking advantage of the time at the bar, they already had looked at the menu and knew what they wanted. When the waiter came to their table, they asked for some ice water with lemon and ordered dinner. Ricky selected the fettuccini with salmon and sundried tomatoes while Sam picked the Chicken Marsala.
 Sam got a call from Becky while they waited. She told Sam to be careful over the weekend and she wanted to hear all about their trip when she got back. Sam was already planning on meeting her for lunch Monday.
When their food arrived, they were famished. The meals smelled exquisite. Not wasting any time, they began eating without saying much. They shared a bite with each other to sample their selections, but not a word was heard until they were done. Ricky managed to eat all of his entrée but Sam still had enough for leftovers later in the week. Sam tried to pay the check, but Ricky wouldn’t let her. He thanked her for trying though.
Ricky drove them home and went over the itinerary again. “I’d like to get going as soon as we can. If we leave at eight, we can be sailing by nine.”
“I’ll be ready,” she said agreeably. “Want to sleep over at my place tonight?”
Ricky looked at her. “Promise we’ll go straight to sleep?” 
Sam laughed. “Promise,” she said holding up her hand with her fingers crossed.
Ricky shook his head and smiled. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam didn’t have a problem being ready on time. As a nurse, she had to pull shifts a lot earlier than this morning. As long as she had her coffee, she was fine. Ricky had run over to his apartment to shower and get ready to save time. He texted her when he stepped outside. Sam followed him and after locking up, they were on their way to the marina.
After stopping by Dunkin Donuts to get coffee, muffins and kolaches, they pulled into a parking lot near the pier. There was no charge for weekend parking, so they grabbed their bags and walked to the boat. Ricky made another trip to the car to get the ice chest and groceries and Sam started putting everything away. He left her to take care of the groceries as he checked his fuel and readied the sails.
“You all set, Sam?” he called down to her.
“Everything is put away,” she said as she came back upstairs.
“I have to stop across the harbor and get gas. We should have enough but I like to have a full tank.”
“I prefer not swimming back,” she replied, “so a fuel stop is okay with me.” 
Ricky had Sam hold the wheel again while he started the motor. Pulling the lines, he cast off. He let Sam steer out into the harbor and they cut across to the marina. When they were close to the pier, Ricky took over and pulled up near the fuel stop. The attendant came out and filled his tank. Ricky paid the man and they were off again.
Once they were clear of the marina, Ricky turned the boat into the wind and had Sam hold the wheel. He cut the motor and hoisted the mainsail. Securing the tack to the shackle, he pulled the line so the main sail was taught and then went to work on the jib. He pulled the line until the front sail caught the wind and formed a pocket in the sail. Trimming the sails, he turned the boat so the wind was off the port side and they began moving through Boston’s main channel.
 Sam sat on the deck and watched Ricky. She loved how he moved between the sails and expertly maneuvered the boat. Feeling totally confident in his abilities, she turned around and took in the view of the harbor. It was magnificent. She felt like she was on cloud nine. Life doesn’t get much better than this.
There were several islands to sail around once they were out of the channel. A buoy system was set up to help mariners navigate safe passage through shallow waters. Heading out to sea, Ricky kept the red buoys on his left and the green ones on his right. They formed a lane in and out from sea. 
“Is that Fort Independence?” Sam asked as she pointed to Castle Island.
“It is, Sam. You ever been out there before?”
“No, I’ve seen pictures of it though. Have you?”
“Yeah, I’ve explored most of the coastline around Boston. We’ll have to drive out there sometime. It’s a great view and perfect spot for a picnic.”
Sam smiled. She put her hand over her eyes so she could reduce the glare from the sun. Having no luck shielding the sunlight, she reached in her purse and pulled out her sunglasses. They passed a couple more islands and then came upon a cluster. It looked as if Ricky was going in between them.
“Are we cutting through those islands?” she asked, a little concerned.
Ricky took her hand and pulled her up by him. Putting his arms around her, he had her take the wheel.
“See those red and green buoys on either side? They mark the lane to get through here safely. This strip between these islands is called the Narrows. See the island on the left? There was a fort there at one time called Fort Standish. You can see some of the old wall. Fort Warren is on the right and you can make it out much better. It almost looks like Fort Independence.”
Once they made it to Massachusetts Bay, they were clear of the islands and in open water. Ricky steered south and they sailed along the coastline. After about forty-five minutes, Sam wasn’t enjoying the boat as much. She told Ricky she wasn’t feeling good and might be seasick. Ricky went down into the cabin and looked in the cupboard for some motion sickness pills. Much to his chagrin, he couldn’t find any. He felt awful because he knew Sam was looking peaked and close to being sick.
He went back out on deck and took a look at his navigation display. They weren’t that far from Scituate and he could pull into a marina there and get her some Dramamine. Turning the boat, he set a course for Scituate Harbor. As they got close, the lighthouse came in to view. By that time, Sam was leaning over the rails heaving pretty hard.
Ricky felt horrible. He should have thought about having some medication on board. Once he tied up to the pier, he went down in the cabin and grabbed a washrag. Holding it under some cold water, he rung it out and went back up on deck. Sam was lying on the bench with her arm across her forehead. He knelt down beside her and wiped her face. 
“Sorry Sam. I should have had some medication just in case.” 
“It’s okay,” she said softly. “It wouldn’t have mattered anyway. Don’t you have to take it in advance?”
“Yeah. You feeling a little better?”
“I feel gross. I can’t believe you saw me puking like that,” she said as she sat up.
Ricky took her hair and pulled it back out of her face. “Come on. You can lie down in the cabin and I’ll go get something to make you feel better. He helped her downstairs and laid her on one of the bunks.”
“I’ll be right back,” he said.
Fortunately, there was a CVS not far away. He was able to walk to it and spoke to the pharmacist when he got there. She suggested either Dramamine or Meclizine HCL, so Ricky got both. He also picked up a case of Ginger Ale. On the way back, he passed a bakery. On a hunch, he looked inside to see if they had any ginger cookies and they did; fresh baked and soft. Ricky bought a dozen and walked back to the boat.
Sam had made her way back out on deck. She saw Ricky walking with his arms full and laughed. “My hero,” she said as she took the bags out of his hands.
She looked in one bag and saw cookies. Laughing, she said, “Are these supposed to make me feel better?”
“They’ll at least get the taste out of your mouth,” he replied. “Ginger is supposed to help with motion sickness but I don’t know how much ginger is in the cookies.”
“And you got me Ginger Ale also?” She gave him a hug. “You’re so sweet. I used some of your mouthwash, by the way.”
Ricky took the box of Meclizine and popped a pill out of the packet. “Here, take this,” he said as he opened a can of Ginger Ale.
She took the medicine and drank her Ginger Ale while eating a cookie.
Feeling better, she had to address another issue. 
“There is throw-up in my hair,” she pointed out.
Ricky looked at her hair and saw she was right. “I don’t have a shower Sam. I’m going to have to wash your hair over the sink. Come on,” he said as he helped her up. They went down in the kitchen area and Ricky grabbed a bottle of her shampoo and a towel. 
As Sam leaned over the sink, Ricky rinsed her hair with the faucet wand. He squirted some shampoo on her head and massaged her hair with his hands. After lathering it up really well, he took the wand and rinsed it. Sam rested on her arms with a washcloth over her eyes as he cleaned her up. When he was done, he wrapped the towel around her head.
Sam stood up. “All done?” she asked.
“All done,” he said as he put the shampoo away. 
As he made his way to the stairs, Sam stopped him and gave him a kiss. “Thanks for taking care of me. I feel much better now.”
“I’m glad Sam. I know that is a rotten feeling. I should have been better prepared.”
She gave him a hug. “You did fine. Shall we get under way?”
“Not yet,” Ricky said. “Why don’t we go sit on the pier for a while and give the medication time to work. We haven’t lost too much time and I’d rather you feel good than we make it to Plymouth.”
“I appreciate that,” she said. “How much further is it?”
“We are about halfway, so not far really,” he answered. “You want to see the lighthouse?”
“Yeah,” she said excited. 
They went out on the pier and walked around for awhile. Sam took some pictures of the harbor and the lighthouse. “This is really cool,” she said incredulously.
Ricky sat on a bench and watched her. She was feeling better thankfully and once again, looked like she was having the time of her life. They gave it about an hour and Sam insisted they continue on. Back on the boat, he pulled the lines and steered out of the harbor.









XVIII

They continued to Plymouth Harbor and sailed in to Brewster’s Marina about an hour later. Sam did not have a reoccurrence of seasickness and was ready to see the sights. The marina was right by Plymouth Rock; they could see it from the boat. After paying a fee to dock in the marina and gassing up the boat again, they caught an Uber to the Town Wharf.
“Where are we going first?” Sam asked.
“To eat,” Ricky replied. “Are you hungry at all?”
“I am actually. I feel a lot better.”
“I Googled places to eat and there is a place called The Lobster Hut that has great reviews.”
“Have you heard of it, driver?” Sam asked.
“Yeah, my name is Mike, by the way. Everyone here has heard of The Lobster Hut. It’s kind of an icon in Plymouth. They’ve won awards for best seafood.”
As they turned down the Town Wharf road, they could see the big red, glowing sign out front. The Uber driver dropped them off out front and Ricky gave him a tip. With its green and white striped roof, it didn’t look like much from the outside. Inside, there was an old-timey fee to it. Two fish statues guarded the door, old pictures hung on the wall and the interior looked the same as it probably had for the past thirty years. But it definitely had some local charm.   
They sat at a table on the back patio so they could look out at the harbor. There was a replica of a seventeenth century Pilgrim ship nearby. Ricky ordered a Sam Adams and Sam asked for some ice water. They both asked for the Clam Chowder, but Sam didn’t want to push it, so she ordered a cup instead of a bowl.
The chowder was amazing. Sam was content with the size she asked for. Ricky kiddingly said he could eat another bowl. When they were done, they walked around the Town Wharf and stopped in a tourist information center. Sam asked about the nearby restaurants to see if she could get some recommendations. Wood’s Seafood and the Waterfront Bar and Grille were the top choices, so they decided they would visit one for dinner and one for lunch.
Sam hooked her arm around Ricky’s as they walked down the street to the Mayflower replica, which was located at the Plymouth Plantation Waterfront Exhibit. They were able to get tickets to go on board the ship and take a tour. On deck, there seemed to be ropes and rope ladders hanging everywhere. The ship had three masts with a crow’s nest atop the front two. Sam and Ricky went down in the hull and saw the captain’s and crew’s quarters. They were confined to a very cramped space for such a long journey, it seemed.
When they were done, they caught the same Uber driver back to the Pilgrim Hall Museum, the oldest continuously operating public museum in the United States. On display, were many of the possessions of early Pilgrims, such as the Bible of William Bradford, the sword of Myles Standish and the only portrait of an actual Pilgrim. There was a cradle, replicas of their clothing, weapons, furniture, documents and many other items from that time period. An exhibit on the Wampanoag, the native people that inhabited the area before the Pilgrims arrived and still live there today, was on display as well.
Sam found the museum fascinating. It was like going back in time and experiencing the arrival of the first Pilgrims in America. She couldn’t believe she lived so close and had never visited. If it hadn’t been for Ricky, she probably would have never ventured out on her own. After making a circle and seeing all of the displays, they went outside and walked to Plymouth Rock. 
Located along the waterfront in Pilgrim Memorial State Park, a portico was built to enshrine the rock. Sam expected it to be bigger. The year 1620 was etched in the stone but its size was not imposing. Its significance was, however. 
“We don’t take many pictures together, Ricky. Let’s get a selfie by Plymouth Rock.”
“Okay,” he said as he got close and put his arm around her. With the rock behind them, Sam held out her iPhone and snapped a couple of pictures.
“Well, that was fun,” she said. “What do you want to do now?”
“I noticed right over there is a spot for whale watching. You want to see if we can spot any?”
“Yeah, we were supposed to be watching for whales,” she bemoaned. “It would have helped if I didn’t have my head over the side of the boat,” she said laughing.
“I’m just glad you’re feeling better.” 
“Thanks to you making a detour,” she said. “You even washed my hair for me,” she said as she put her arms around him and squeezed.
Ricky grinned. “Well, you know, I do like your hair.”
Laughing, Sam nodded. “And my shampoo.”
They walked over to the whale watching spot only to find it was a dock for a tour boat that went out in the harbor to watch for whales. Not wanting to spend the time, they made their way back to their boat. The temperature was starting to drop and Ricky wanted to grab some jackets before they went to dinner. 
Catching the same Uber one more time, Ricky laughed as they got in. “You’re going to be able to retire by the time we’re done, Mike.”
“I’m okay with that,” he said matter-of-factly. “The Waterfront Bar and Grille?”
“Yes, please,” Sam said.
“Good choice again,” he commented as he drove them back to the Town Wharf.
He dropped them off and received another tip. They walked inside the two story restaurant and were seated upstairs by a window. There was a live band playing out on the patio. They were fortunate not to have to wait long for a table. Business was a little slow that weekend, which made their waitress that much more attentive.  
When the waitress came over, Sam was in the mood for a drink. She ordered a Peach Passion while Ricky stuck to beer. He also asked for a shrimp cocktail appetizer. While they waitress went to get drinks, they looked over the menu. When she came back, Sam ordered the Waterfront Salmon and Ricky ordered the New York Sirloin, medium well. 
Sam went through the pictures she took on her phone and showed them to Ricky. She uploaded some on Instagram and sent a couple to Becky and Amanda. Ricky drank his Guinness while he watched Sam enjoy the moment. She put her phone away when she saw him looking at her,
“Sorry, that was rude,” she said.
“Don’t be silly,” he said. “You’re enjoying yourself.” 
She reached across and took his hand. “I’m enjoying being with you.”
“So am I,” he replied. “Was a nice day, except for when you were feeling sick.”
“Well, I think I am stocked up for the trip home,” she laughed. “And I will take a pill before we go home.”
The waitress brought out their food and told them to enjoy their dinner. 
“Oh wow,” Sam said. “There’s nothing like fresh salmon. Want to try this?”
“Sure,” he said as she handed him the fork. Ricky cut his steak and returned her fork with a piece of sirloin. Both meals were cooked to perfection. Ricky thoroughly enjoyed his steak; it was as tender as cake and the juices made every succulent bite a culinary experience. 
“How was it?” the waitress asked as she came to take their plates away.
“Perfect,” said Ricky.
“The salmon was delicious,” added Sam.
Ricky paid the check and they decided to walk along the wharf for a while. They could hear the waves lapping on the beach. Standing under a street light, Ricky pulled Sam into him and put his arms around her. She looked up behind her and he gave her a kiss. Turning around, she put her arms around his neck and kissed him again.
“Thanks again for a great time,” she said.
“You’re welcome. I wouldn’t have enjoyed it this much without you.”
“Maybe you should keep me around then,” she said.
“Yeah,” he said as if lost in thought. “Maybe I should.”

֎֎֎֎֎

When they Ubered back to the boat, it was a different driver.
“Maybe he did retire,” Ricky commented.
Sam laughed. They made it back to the boat and went down to the cabin. Ricky pulled the hatch behind him and locked it. Sam was glad to see that. She had wondered how safe it was to sleep on the boat but having the locked door made her worries go away.
Tired from the long, busy day, they washed up and got ready for bed. Sam was sitting on one of the bunks, so Ricky laid down on the other one and turned out the light.
“Night Sam. I love you.”
“I love you too, Ricky Jackson,” she said.
Ricky looked at her. She was still sitting on the bed. There was enough moonlight filtering through the curtains to make out her silhouette. She had a white t-shirt on. He could see her smooth legs and her hands resting on them.
“Is everything okay?” he asked.
“Mind if I join you in your bunk?” she asked.
“No,” he said without hesitation.
Sam stood up and walked over as she pulled her shirt off. She pulled the covers back and slid under next to him.

֎֎֎֎֎

In the morning, streaks of sunlight cut through the cabin like a knife. Sam began to move around but with Ricky next to her, she had no place to go. Rubbing her eyes, she stretched her arms and looked at her phone. It was almost eight.
Sam rolled over so she was facing Ricky. She started kissing him on his face and lips to wake him up. She couldn’t believe how soundly he slept. Finally, he started to show signs of life as he rubbed his face with his hand.
Sam giggled. She started kissing him again; gentle pecks on his cheek. He opened one eye and looked at her. She laughed like a mischievous child. Closing his eye, she went back to work kissing his face.
“You’re so bad,” he said.
Laughing, she laid up against him as she put an arm around him. Her naked body felt soft. She nibbled at his ear. “Are you trying to get my attention?” he asked.
“It wasn’t obvious?”
Ricky smiled. “Yeah, you’re making your presence known.”
Sliding her hand down, she replied, “Feels like it.”
Ricky laughed and tickled her sides. She started to squirm as she laughed.
“Okay, stop! Please stop!” she screamed.
Ricky rolled on his back and pulled her on top of him. With his arms around her, he gave her a kiss. “Morning.”
“Good morning,” she answered as she kissed him back. “I’m hungry. Can we get some breakfast?”
“There’s a café a couple of blocks from here. Want to go?”
Sam stood up and let Ricky get an eye full. She leaned over and kissed him on the lips. “I need to wash up first,” she said. 
“There’s no shower,” he reminded her. “You have to use the sink, either in the bathroom or the kitchen.”
“That’s fine,” she said. “You already washed my hair, so I’ll use the bathroom sink.” She grabbed a towel and shook her butt at him as she walked away. Ricky put his hands to his face and tried to shake off the groggy feeling he had. Sitting up, he ran his hands through his hair and finally stood up. Walking into the kitchen with a towel, he washed off at the sink. He put some clothes on and went up on deck to wait for Sam.
She didn’t take much longer and soon she joined him. “Where to, skipper?”
“The Water Street Café,” he replied as he took her hand. They followed the map app on Ricky’s phone and walked two blocks south. It was a quaint little restaurant which seemed to have a common characteristic for the restaurants in Plymouth. They had won many awards for best breakfast and lunch. With a homey atmosphere, the café looked much like one you would find anywhere in small town, America.
Coffee was served almost immediately after they were seated in a booth. They took their time and looked over the menu. Sam spotted banana bread French toast and knew she had to try it. Ricky ordered a three egg omelet with peppers, onions, scallions, tomatoes, jalapeños, mushrooms, ham and cheddar cheese. Sipping on their coffee while they waited for their food, Sam scooted all the way over on her side of the booth.
“Come sit with me,” she said.
Ricky got up and slid around to her side. She rested her head on his shoulder and held his hand. “I love you, she said.
“I love you too, Sam.” He put his arm around her. 
“Did you ever come here with Anne?”
“This was one place she talked about it that we never made it too. She would have loved all the history here,” he reflected.
“So this is all ours?” she asked.
Ricky put his fingers under her chin and raised her head so he could look her in the eyes.
“Where is this coming from?” 
“I don’t know. Just being silly, I guess.”
“This is all ours. You know I’m not trying to replace Anne with you, right? You two are very different and I’m glad. I like who you are. You’re who I want to be with. You have no competition.”
Sam smiled. “I could be with you forever,” she said softly.
“That would make me very happy,” he replied.
֎֎֎֎֎

Having indulged in too much breakfast, they felt they needed to walk it off. Ricky led them to the Plymouth Village Historic District. They walked up Water Street and saw the statues of William Bradford, who led the first Pilgrims to Plymouth, and Massasoit, the chief of the Wampanoag people. They also visited the Coles Hill burial ground, the first cemetery used by the Mayflower Pilgrims. Sam took lots of pictures and uploaded them on Instagram. She also took some selfies with Ricky. 
Turning up North Street, they eventually made it to the historic district. The homes on this street were typical traditional New England, with their wood panel siding, window shutters and columns surrounding the front entrance. Some were residential, others were shops. Sam wanted to stop in a few and look around. They sauntered down the street and let the morning drift away. By noon, they had seen enough and decided on a light lunch before they made the journey home.
Mike was back on the job with his Uber ride as they settled on Woods Seafood for lunch. Driving back to the Town Wharf, they told Mike they would need a ride after lunch back to the marina. He told them he would watch for their request and plan on picking them up. The restaurant was moderately busy but they were able to get a table after waiting only fifteen minutes. Inside, it didn’t seem like much as far as the décor was concerned, but there were a lot of families enjoying lunch which gave the restaurant a pleasant atmosphere.  
The menu seemed modest but would make a seafood lover salivate. Sam tried another cup of clam chowder and ordered a single boiled lobster. Ricky went with a cup of lobster bisque and made it a twin boiled order on the lobster. The food was prepared expeditiously and they were enjoying their chowder and bisque within minutes. Both were delectable. The lobster was boiled to perfection. Sam sat back in her chair when she was done and put her hands on her stomach.
“Do I look fatter?” she said jokingly.
Ricky laughed. “No, not even close.”
“Good answer,” she said as she squinted her eyes at him and smiled.
Ricky playfully wiped his brow like he had dodged a bullet. Sam giggled. 
“I guess it’s about time we sail back home,” he said as he signed the check.
“This is one of the best trips I’ve ever taken,” she said wistfully.
“Me too,” he admitted.

֎֎֎֎֎

Back on the boat, Sam kicked off her shoes and sat by the wheel. Ricky untied the lines and started the motor. Sam steered them out into the harbor and once she was turned into the wind, he got to work on the sails. 
“We’re becoming quite a team,” she said as he sat down beside her.
“You learn quickly,” he complimented her. “Makes it easy.”
Ricky noticed a whale watching boat heading out into the bay. He decided to follow it and see if it would lead them to some whales. As luck would have it, the plan worked brilliantly. They spotted humpback whales twice near the bay. The first time they saw two humpbacks surface and crest the water for several seconds before they disappeared back under the water. The second time, a humpback whale surfaced and slapped the water with its tail as it submerged. It was only for a brief moment, but so exhilarating to see these gentle giants.
Sailing north along the coast, they were quiet as the finality of the trip set in.
“I’m going to miss you,” Sam said.
Ricky smiled. “I’ll be next door. Don’t worry, I’m not going anywhere,” he said looking at her.
“It will still be weird. I’m going to be lonely,” she said with pouty lips. Ricky leaned over and kissed them, making her smile.
“I’m not planning on being a stranger,” he said reassuring her. 
Sam was quiet for a moment. “I’m not trying to go anywhere with this; just conversation. Do you think you’ll ever get remarried?”
Ricky was quiet for a moment. “If you had asked me that a month ago, I probably would have said no.” 
“And now?”
“Now that I’ve met somebody I want to be with? Yeah, if she said yes; I’d get remarried.”
“She’d be crazy not to say yes,” she said softly.
“So you think about marriage?” Ricky asked.
“All women think about marriage,” she corrected him.
Laughing, he asked what kind of wedding she would like to have. “Would it be small, like Amanda’s?”
“Maybe a little bigger. I’d invite all my friends from work. It would be at the same church,” she continued as she closed her eyes and envisioned herself getting married. “Father John would do the ceremony.” Opening her eyes, she looked at Ricky. “I even have the dress picked out.”
Ricky laughed. “Sounds like you put a little thought into this.”
“I went with Amanda when she got her dress. Just for fun, I tried some on and fell in love with one in particular. But it’s expensive.”
“What did it look like?” he asked.
“Well, it’s a long, white wedding dress with a chapel length train, which extends out behind me. It has a satin liner on the inside with a lace overlay. It’s strapless; the back has a low cut and the front has what’s called a sweetheart neckline, which is made of beads. It’s beautiful. And it’s also sixteen hundred bucks.”
Ricky whistled. “I didn’t know wedding dresses cost that much.” 
“They don’t all cost that much; but this one did,” she said reminiscing how she looked.
“I bet you looked radiant,” he said. 
Sam put her hand on his shoulder. “I think I see the islands near the harbor channel.”
“That would be them. We made good time and we aren’t back too late. Are you on the early shift this week?” 
“Yeah, unfortunately. I’m going to have to go to bed early.”
Once they docked at the pier, Ricky put everything away and locked up the cabin. They carried their bags to the car and he drove them back to Garrison Square. Once they were back at the apartments and the car was unloaded, Ricky gave Sam a big hug. They kissed for a long time and stayed in each other’s arms by Sam’s door. 
“I better let you get inside so you can get ready for tomorrow,” Ricky finally said.
“Call me tomorrow?” she asked.
“Of course. Get some rest.”
“Good night, baby,” she said. “Love you. Thanks again for a wonderful time.”
“Love you too, beautiful. Good night.”
Sam unpacked and put some laundry on as she tried to keep busy. The feeling of loneliness after being with someone she cared for and then not being with them made her feel hollow. She warmed up her Giacomo’s leftovers and ate at the bar in silence. She put some clothes in the dryer when they were washed and hung the rest. Then she took a quick shower and put on some pajamas. Sitting in bed, she missed Ricky being there. Picking up her phone, she texted him.
Going to bed. Miss you.
She got a reply back. Miss you too. Was nice being together.
I want you to sleep in my bed with me tonight. Please?
Okay. Be right over.
Ricky came over and followed her in the bedroom. They got in bed and Sam turned out the light. Scooting up next to him, he put an arm around her and they went to sleep. When his alarm went off in the morning, Sam had left for work already. There was a note on the table with a key as he went in the kitchen.

Knew you set your alarm so I let you sleep.
Keep this spare key.
See you later. Love you!

















XIX

They returned to the grind of their work schedules, which were totally out of sync. She missed being with him. Later in the week, Ricky invited Sam over for dinner so he could ask a question. His dad’s birthday was at the end of the month and he planned on going. He was hoping Sam would want to go also.
He stopped by the market on the way home from work to pick up some fresh cod. He bought four fillets, a small bag of red potatoes and a head of green leaf lettuce. After leaving the market, he stopped at Appleton’s Bakery and picked up their famous cherry cheesecake, which they were well known for.
Arriving at his apartment, Ricky put the groceries in the kitchen and went to his bedroom to change. He put on some jeans and was pulling a T-shirt out of his dresser when he heard a knock at the door.
He went to answer it. Sam was waiting there. She had had a hair appointment that afternoon and her hairdresser added some red highlights.
“Hey, you're early,” he said as she came in and kissed him. 
“Want me to leave?” she asked, kidding with him. 
“No, I do not,” he said sternly. Laughing, he took her in his arms. “I want you to stay,” he said. “Your hair looks nice.”
Impressed he noticed, she smiled. “Thanks, I added a little highlight this time. You really like it?”
“Very pretty,” he remarked.
With his arm around her, they walked to the kitchen and Sam sat down at the bar.
“I have a white Zinfandel chilling in the fridge if you want some.”
“Ooh, I’d love some,” she said. “Want me to get it?”
Ricky looked at her with a sly grin as he opened the refrigerator door and grabbed the bottle. Sam laughed. He poured them each a glass and handed one to Sam.
“Cheers,” he said, as he held out his glass. Sam did the same.
“You want me to help?”
“No, you just sit there so I can look at those pretty highlights.”
“Yeah, I'm sure that's what you're looking at,” she said giggling. 
Ricky stopped what he was doing and looked at her. “You're in a playful mood,” he commented.
She came around the bar and put her arms around him. Ricky gave her a hug and rubbed her back.
Sam looked at the food on the counter. “What's for dinner?”
“Baked cod, roasted potatoes and salad.”
“Wow. I’m impressed.” She looked up at him. “And what did you have in mind for dessert?” she asked as she rubbed her hands on his chest.
“Cheesecake.”
Sam scrunched her face and patted him on the chest. “You are full of surprises. Did you get the cheesecake at the market also?” She started to walk back around the bar.
“No, I picked it up at Appleton’s.”
Sam stopped and looked at him. “Seriously? You got an Appleton’s cherry cheesecake?”
“That’s what I said,” he said, acting like it was no big deal.
Sam came back around and started to look for it. She opened the fridge and found it. “Oh my God, Ricky. That’s my favorite!” 
“I know. Amanda told me.”
She sauntered over next to him and kissed him on the cheek. Then she went back to the other side of the bar and sat down. Sipping her wine, she watched him as he prepared the fish. Next, he cut up the potatoes, seasoned them and put them in the oven. Moving over to the salad, he washed off the lettuce and chopped it up. He added some feta cheese, bacon bits, capers and black olives. Mixing in some vinaigrette dressing, he laid the wooden salad tongs on the counter and picked up his glass of wine.
“Want to sit on the sofa?” he asked. “It’s going to be about an hour.”
Sam followed him over and sat down next to him with her feet up under her.
“How’s your family doing?” she asked. “You don’t talk about them much.”
“Well,” he said, “they’re doing great. My dad is still working at the ExxonMobil Refinery and my mom stays at home. Rory is still dating Lindsey.”
“What does your dad do?” she asked as she laid her head on his shoulder.
“He’s a plant manager.”
They were quiet for a moment.
“I’m going to Baton Rouge to see them at the end of the month,” he finally said. 
Sam sat up. “Oh yeah?”
Ricky turned and looked at her. “You want to come?”
Sam was delighted he asked. “Sure! When would we go?” 
“The last weekend of the month. My dad’s fifty-fifth birthday is on the twenty-eighth.” 
“I’ll have to check my schedule, but it shouldn’t be a problem getting away for the weekend. Becky and a couple of the other nurses have been trying to pick up extra shifts.”
“Well, we would leave Friday afternoon and come back late Sunday.” 
“I’ll have to get a plane ticket so you’ll need to give me your flight information.”
“I haven’t made a reservation yet. I’ll take care of it though,” he added as he patted his hand on her leg.
Sam ran her fingers through his hair. “I’m looking forward to meeting your family. Are your grandparents going to be there?”
“My dad’s mom, Emma will be. She lives in New Orleans, so they are going to pick her up and bring her down. My grandfather passed away and my mom’s parents live in Ohio. They aren’t sure if they’ll be able to come. It’s such a hassle at the airports nowadays; it’s easier to go visit them.” 
“You have to do that sometime,” Sam said. “Don’t let me hold you back. I think it’s important you see them.” 
Ricky smiled at her. She was sympathetic and understanding; and they were totally in sync when it came to family. He was happy she made it a point for him to take opportunities to visit with family. He knew he hadn’t been open about his family; why, he wasn’t sure. It just didn’t come up much unless Malorie was with them. He decided to make more of an effort including Sam in his family life.
“Malorie’s coming,” he added.
She leaned in and kissed him. “So you want me to meet your family?”
“Yeah, I do. They’ve been asking about you, so I won’t hear the end of it if you don’t come.”
Sam giggled. “Good,” she replied enthusiastically. 
Ricky stood up and went to the kitchen. He put the cod in the oven and set the timer on his phone.
Ricky picked up his guitar on the way back to the sofa. He sat back down and started strumming some chords.
“Want another lesson?”
“Okay,” she said agreeably. “I think I’m getting the hang of it.” 
“I think you are also,” Ricky replied. He stopped playing and gave her the guitar. Teaching her the hand placement for a couple of new notes, he had her practice moving her fingers between them. After about fifteen minutes, Sam handed the guitar back.
“Play something,” she said.
“Alright.” He put the strap over his head and thought for a moment. Keeping with the Louisiana theme, he started to play Me and Bobby McGee.
“Oh, a little Janis Joplin,” she commented. 
“Or Willie, which ever version you prefer.”
“They’re both good,” she said. She started to sing some of the song. Ricky joined her. He loved that she had such a passion for music. For him, it was comforting to play the guitar or listen to music. Depending on his mood, his musical taste could range from classical to country to hard rock. He appreciated the talent and enjoyed the variety.
His alarm went off on his phone as they were finishing another song. Ricky put the guitar back in the stand and went to pull the dishes out of the oven. Sam went to the cupboard and got two plates and some forks. Setting the food on the bar, they both took a seat on a barstool and served their plates.
“This is so good,” Sam exclaimed as she ate a bite of cod. 
“I’m glad you like it,” he said.
“You’re so talented,” she remarked. 
Ricky laughed. “Want some more wine?”
“Please, sir.”
He poured them another glass. After they finished their meal, Ricky grabbed the cheesecake out of the fridge and cut them a slice. Sam took a bite and closed her eyes.
“Mmm,” she said.
Ricky smiled as she savored every bite. Sam helped him clean up the kitchen after they were done. They loaded the dishwasher and turned it on. After shutting the door, he looked at her.
“Want to stay the night?” he asked.
She wrapped her arms around his neck. Up to that point, she had kind of taken the lead in any physical romance. She knew there was a lot of emotion and conflict for him, being with another woman. He had been receptive but it had been a slow process. She was fine with that. The fact she was in a relationship where they didn’t just jump in bed and could have more intimacy and romance outside of the bedroom was a unique experience. Still, she was glad he was becoming more assertive. 
“I’d love too,” she answered. He kissed her and put his arms around her. 
“I’d like to get some things from my apartment so I can get ready here in the morning, if that’s okay.”
“Sure. Want me to go with you?”
“Nah, I won’t be but a minute.”
Sam left the apartment and walked next door. She was noticing how it was starting to get dark a lot earlier as she approached her door. Winter’s coming, she thought. As she turned the lock with her key, she hears a noise behind her. She looked over her shoulder and froze.
“Hello, Sam. You’re out late.”
It was Chad and it frightened her. He emerged from the shadows and had obviously been there waiting for her.
“What are you doing here?” 
“I came to see you, baby.” She could tell he had been drinking.
She started to move into her apartment. 
“Please go away, Chad.”
Before she could get inside and close the door, he lunged at her and grabbed her arm. Kicking the door, Chad forced her inside. She yelled, “LET ME GO!”
Then he pulled out a knife from his pocket. Sam screamed. He pushed her back and she fell on the floor. Flicking on the light, he pushed the door with his foot.
“How about we have some fun?” he said, menacingly.
As he stepped over her, they were both surprised by the door as it flew open. Ricky was standing in the doorway and without warning, moved towards Chad. Chad spun around with the knife held out towards Ricky. It was like a blur after that. In fact, Chad probably never saw what hit him. Ricky, a second degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do, landed a flying front kick perfectly in his chest. The force sent him backwards into the wall. 
“RICKY!” Sam screamed as she stood up.
The force of the impact left his body impression in the drywall. Standing back up and still holding the knife, Ricky advanced on him again and this time executed a spinning hook kick, which caught Chad squarely in the left temple. At that point, he dropped the knife as his peripheral vision started to blur. As Chad was falling forward, his face was met with a knee strike that broke his nose and sent him back into the drywall, this time causing the drywall to break and collapse into the studs. Chad fell in with it, unconscious. 
“You okay, Sam?” Ricky asked immediately turning his attention to her. She ran over to him and fell into his arms. Crying and in shock, he could feel her shaking.
“It’s okay,” he reassured her. “Everything’s okay.” He held her for a moment and then took her by the arms.
“You’re okay?” he asked again as he looked her over.
Sam shook her head up and down. “I think I’m okay.” She looked down at Chad. 
“We need to call the police, Sam.” He moved her back to the front door and led her back to his apartment. Picking up his phone, he dialed 911 and reported the assault. Then he called Dave and let him know what happened.
By then, several residents from the nearby apartments had filtered out to see what all the noise was about. Police cruisers had encircled the complex and officers were making their way through the courtyard. Several filed into Sam’s apartment and checked on Chad. They called for an ambulance when they saw the condition he was in. Within minutes, paramedics arrived. 
After handcuffing him and putting him on a gurney, the paramedics left with the prisoner and several police officers as an escort. They took a statement from both Sam and Ricky, and one other resident who happened to see Chad in the courtyard earlier in the evening.
Sam sat on the sofa next to Ricky, who had a blanket around her. She had calmed down and wasn’t crying anymore. As the police were leaving, Dave and Amanda arrived. Amanda had called Brian and her parents on the way over to let them know what happened. She ran over to Sam and took her in her arms. Sam started to cry again and they sat together until she calmed back down.
The apartment manager had been notified and she, along with the maintenance team, showed up to check on Sam. The door was okay, so they checked the damage to the wall and said they would be in tomorrow to make the repairs. Glad she wasn’t hurt, they left them alone. With the excitement winding down, the neighbors extended their well wishes to Sam and went back to their apartments. 
“You want to stay with us tonight?” Amanda asked Sam.
“No, I think I will be alright,” she answered, wiping her eyes.
“Thank God you were there,” Dave said to Ricky.
“I’ve never seen anyone move like that,” Sam said.
“He’s lucky to be alive,” Dave added. “Ricky is an expert in martial arts. He used to be on the Tae Kwon Do team at LSU.” 
Ricky laughed, somewhat embarrassed.
Amanda got up and gave him a hug. “Thanks again for being there for my sister.” 
“You’re welcome,” he humbly replied.
“You sure you’re going to be okay?” Amanda asked once more.
“My hero lives next door,” she said. “I’ll be fine.”
She gave them a hug and they reluctantly left. Amanda promised to check on her the next day. Brian and her mom had also called to check on her and make sure she was safe. After they were alone, Sam went over to Ricky and held him tightly. 
“I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything,” he replied.
She looked at him. “You could’ve been hurt,” she said, starting to cry again.
“That wasn’t your fault. The guy was drunk and a jerk to begin with. I’m just glad you’re okay.” She rested her head against his chest. 
“Thanks to you. Where did you learn that stuff?”
“My dad insisted we take martial arts when we were young. He said it instilled confidence. I enjoyed it and kept at it through college.”
“That was pretty amazing. Remind me to thank your dad when I see him.”
Ricky laughed. “I think you’re doing better now.”
She smiled. “Is that offer still on the table to stay with you?”
“I’d like that. Just so I know you’re safe. I can sleep on the couch if you want.”
“No, sleep in bed with me. I want you by me.”
“Okay, Sam. Let’s go get your things.” He took her by the hand and they went next door. After she packed a bag, they returned to his apartment. Sam laid her head in his lap on the sofa while they watched TV for a while and then went to bed.


















XX

They continued to date and spent a lot of time with each other. Ricky had made the reservations for the flight to New Orleans. He was glad Sam was coming with him. It surprised him he was having feelings for someone again. It didn’t seem possible after Anne died. He assumed there would never be anyone else. 
The flight to New Orleans was uneventful. Malorie had made a reservation for the same flight. He texted Rory to let him know they made it in. Their dad didn’t know they were coming for his birthday, so he had rented a car to avoid suspicion. They drove to Baton Rouge and pulled in to their parent’s driveway a little after eleven.
It was dark, but there were some lights on outside the house and Sam could make out some of the detail. There were several big oak trees in the front yard that created a canopy along parts of the driveway. The house itself was typical antebellum architecture with a big front porch, balcony across the second floor and French doors instead of windows on the front of the house. The columns on the front of the house extended up to the roof and the shutters around the doors and windows matched the color of the roof; a grayish-blue, which complimented the white exterior well.
Rory was at the house, anticipating their arrival. When he got the text they were there, he told his parents to come see something in the front yard. LaRay got out of his recliner and Christie came from the kitchen to see what he wanted. Opening the door, they saw Malorie, Ricky and another woman getting out of the rental car.
“Oh my goodness!” Christie exclaimed as she opened the screen door and walked out onto the front porch. 
“What do we have here?” LaRay bemused. 
“Hey, dad!” Malorie yelled as she bound up the stairs into his arms. 
“How’s my baby girl?” he said happily.
“I’m great. Happy birthday, dad!” she said, as she gave him a hug. 
“Thank you. It’s so good to see the two of you. What a great surprise!”
Ricky and Sam came up the stairs carrying their luggage.
“Happy birthday, dad,” Ricky said as he gave him a hug. “I’d like you both to meet Sam.”
“Hi, Sam,” Christie said. “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” she said, giving her a hug.
“Happy birthday, Mr. Jackson,” she said smiling.
“It’s LaRay,” he said. “And this lovely lady is Christie.” He gave her a hug. “Well, it’s about time we met Samantha,” he said looking at Ricky.
“We’ve heard a lot about you,” remarked Christie. 
Rory and Lindsey came over and gave everyone a hug.
“Thanks for coming,” Rory said. “Nice to see you again, Sam.”
“You to, Rory.”
They went inside and put their luggage in the dining room. 
“We’ll get you all situated in a moment,” Christie said. “Let’s go sit down in the living room. Does anyone want some coffee?”
“Or a beer?” Rory asked.
“Or water?” Christie added, looking at him.
Everyone laughed and placed their drink orders. Malorie went into the kitchen with her mom and they put a fresh pot of coffee on. 
Bringing some homemade molasses cookies in on a tray, Malorie sat down. She handed a glass of water to Sam.
Christie joined them also. “Coffee’s on,” she said.
“So, what a great surprise,” LaRay repeated. “It’s been a while since we’ve seen you kids.”
“This was a great excuse to come home,” Malorie said.
“I hear you’re dating Sam’s brother,” LaRay commented.
“Yeah, we’ve been dating for a month. Ricky invited me one night when they were going to listen to his band and we’ve been together ever since.”
“Well, I wonder which one of you three are going to get married first,” Christie pondered out loud.
Everybody started to laugh.
“That didn’t take long,” Ricky chuckled.
Christie shook her head as she laughed. “Well, it would be nice to have some grandchildren,” she said as she walked into the kitchen. 
“At least you guys don’t have to hear it every day,” Rory said grudgingly.
“Oh, poor baby,” Lindsey said as everyone laughed again.
“Well, Lindsey, it’s nice to see you here. Hopefully you can make an honest man out of our brother,” observed Malorie.
“Haha,” he replied.
“What’s this about you being attacked by an old boyfriend?” LaRay asked.
Sam blushed, still sensitive to the traumatic assault.
Ricky answered for her, knowing it was a tough subject to relive. “Some guy got drunk and got into the apartment complex. He approached her when she was trying to get in her apartment.”
“Did I hear he had a knife?” LaRay continued, making everyone uncomfortable.
Christie came back in with the coffee tray. “I don’t think we need to relive that unpleasantness,” she remarked. “Who wants coffee?”
Relieved, Ricky raised his hand. “Try a cookie, Sam,” he said as he held out the tray.
“Thanks,” she said with a smile. She appreciated Ricky and his mom covering for her. It wasn’t a story she wanted to relive. Best forgotten.
“So, what are the plans for tomorrow? What time is the party?” asked Malorie.
“Well, we’re doing a crawfish boil here for lunch,” answered Rory. “Then in the evening, the party will be at the Nottaway. Mom reserved the banquet room for a private party!”
“Whoa,” said Ricky. “How did you manage that?”
Christie laughed. “I’m friends with Jennifer Nodal, the Assistant General Manager. She handles all of the special events at the Nottaway and said she would arrange a special Creole dinner.” 
“That’s fantastic,” said LaRay. “I’m actually looking forward to my birthday.”
Everyone laughed. “Anyone interested in going to the plantation after lunch tomorrow and taking a tour before the party?” asked Ricky.
“Me!” shouted Lindsey. 
“Count us in, I guess,” said Rory.
“Me too,” said Malorie.
“Mom? Dad?” 
“Not me,” said LaRay. “I’ve seen the old plantation plenty of times. I’ll go when they’re serving the food.”
Christie laughed. “Ya’ll go on and have fun. I have party preparations to attend to.”
“You need to tell Sam about the Nottaway Plantation,” LaRay said, pointing his finger at Sam as he looked at Ricky.
Ricky looked at Sam. “You’ll love it. It’s the largest plantation house in the south and is nicknamed the White Castle. It really is amazing.” 
“It is beautiful,” said Malorie. “I love the trees. The oak trees are phenomenal.”
“I love it when they have Spanish moss hanging from them,” Lindsey added.
“You have to go to the Myrtles Plantation then,” said Christie. “There are trees all over with Spanish moss dripping down.”
“Myrtles is haunted,” Rory chimed in. “We don’t want to go there.”
“Tough guy,” LaRay commented. That drew more laughter from everyone.
“Well, we could sit here all night and catch up,” said Christie, “but tomorrow is a busy day and I’m sure you three are tired from your trip.”
They all stood up and gave each other hugs good night. Ricky picked up the suitcases and started carrying them to the bedrooms.
“Rory, show Sam where she’s sleeping tonight.”
“Yes ma’am,” Rory replied. “Come on Sam, he said as he headed up the stairs.”
Malorie laughed. “You better follow him, Sam. He probably won’t turn around to see if you’re there until he gets to your room.”
Sam giggled and went up the stairs. There were five bedrooms on the second floor. Sam was amazed at how big the house was. The ornate interior was lavishly elegant with crown molding, wood floors and spiral staircases. Lindsey was in the room next to her and Malorie was on the other side.
“We all have our separate rooms,” Rory lamented. Then he whispered to Sam, “Mom put the old fashion in old fashioned.”
Sam laughed as Ricky came in with her suitcase. “Don’t believe anything he says, Sam,” not sure what Rory was whispering.
“Rory was just saying your mom’s old fashioned.”
“That you can believe,” Ricky agreed,
“I’ll leave you two alone. Good night.”
“Night, Rory,” Sam said. 
“You have everything you need?” Ricky asked. “You share a bathroom with Malorie and one with Lindsey. Pretty ingenious design, if you ask me.”
Sam smiled. “I think I have everything. Thanks for checking,” she said as she gave him a hug. “And thanks for asking me to come. I love it here.”
Ricky gave her a squeeze. “Get some rest. I’ll make you some breakfast, New Orleans style, in the morning.” 
“I’m looking forward to it,” she said. He gave her a kiss and went to his room across the hall.

֎֎֎֎֎

In the morning, Sam woke to a ray of sunshine cascading through a space between the curtains. She stretched in bed, wondering how long it had been since she slept that well. She lay there for a moment listening to the sounds in the house. There were footsteps in the hallway and she could hear noises coming from downstairs. 
She loved the house. It wasn’t new, but renovated with all of the right touches. Still, it had a quality of antiquity to it, much like you find with many old houses in the south. It gave it personality and warmth. The fact Ricky had grown up in this house and the family had lived there for so long was hard to comprehend. It was the one thing she regretted being raised in a military family. She had the opportunity to see many places but it was hard to call any place home. Boston was as close as it came for her but that would never rival being born and raised in one place.
There was a knock on the door.
“Come in,” Sam said.
Malorie poked her head around the door. “Morning, Sam. Want some breakfast?”
“Did Ricky make it?”
“Yep,” Malorie answered.
“Then definitely yes,” she replied as she sat up in bed.
Malorie laughed. “You can come down in your pajamas if you want; everyone else did. I have an extra robe if you need it.” 
“Thanks,” Sam said as she stepped out of bed. “I think I may have packed mine.”
Sam rummaged through her suitcase and pulled out a light blue bathrobe. She put it on over her blue floral cotton knit pajamas and slipped on some house shoes. Following Malorie down the stairs, she walked into the kitchen to find everyone already there.
“Morning, everyone,” she said sheepishly.
“Good morning,” Christie answered for everyone.
“Am I the last one up?” she asked embarrassed.
“Ricky said to let you sleep,” Rory said as he grabbed a strip of bacon. “Malorie and Lindsey woke up just before you though.”
“I hear you’re a nurse,” LaRay said.
“I am,” Sam said as she put an arm around him and gave him a hug. “Happy birthday, LaRay.”
“Well, thank you, pretty lady. I’ll tell you, I don’t mind waking up to the sight of all these beautiful women.”
“Oh, stop your flirting,” Christie scolded him as the girls giggled.
“I was just going to say Sam needs her sleep if she’s a nurse. That’s a very important job,” he said, waving a finger in the air.
Ricky chuckled. Sam went over to him and gave him a kiss. “Morning,” she said softly as she rubbed his back.
“I hope you slept well,” he said.
“I did. I don’t even remember falling asleep,” Sam admitted. 
Lindsey laughed. “I’m the same way when I sleep out here, Sam. It’s so quiet and peaceful.”
Christie had already set the table and Rory was placing the food in the center. Ricky brought the last two serving plates with him as he sat down beside Sam. The table looked amazing. Ricky and his mom had made homemade biscuits, bacon and sausage, a bowl full of fruit, hash browns, scrambled eggs and a stack of pancakes. 
After they sat down, LaRay said a prayer giving thanks for the family being together and the wonderful meal before them. Everyone said “Amen” and the food was passed around.
“Ricky, you outdid yourself,” remarked LaRay.
“He definitely knows his way around the kitchen,” commented Malorie.
“Do you cook, Sam?” Christie asked.
“Not as good as Ricky,” Sam confessed.
“Sam cooked me a delicious meatloaf just the other day,” he said defending her.
Sam blushed. She felt so welcome; like one of the family. Ricky’s family was so considerate and friendly. She could see where he got it. Leaning over, she bumped his shoulder with hers and smiled.
“This is delicious,” Lindsey said. “I’m afraid I’m going to eat too much and not have any room for the crawfish boil.”
“Oh, don’t do that!” LaRay exclaimed as everyone laughed.
“Speaking of the crawfish boil, I know you kids want to go to Nottoway this afternoon before the birthday party. The boil will be from eleven to two. If you’ll help with the cleanup, you could be there by four. The dinner will be at six, so it should work perfect. Ricky, I’ll need your help for the boil. Rory, you can help your brother.”
“Yes ma’am,” Rory replied.
“If you girls will help me with the set up, drinks and dessert, I think we might just pull this off,” Christie exclaimed.
“I’ll be glad to help,” Lindsey said.
“Me too,” Sam added.
“This is going to be a fun day,” Malorie said. “I miss our crawfish boils.”
“Nobody forced you to move north of the Mason-Dixon, young lady,” LaRay said, drawing more laughter.
“Well, someone needed to look after Ricky,” Malorie retorted.
“Thanks a lot,” Ricky said. Malorie giggled.
“I think that’s Sam’s job now, Mal,” Rory observed.
Embarrassed, Sam looked across the table at Lindsey, who smiled back at her. Sam dropped her hand under the table and found Ricky’s. Holding her hand, he looked at her and gave a little squeeze.
When they were finished eating, the girls volunteered to clean the kitchen. Ricky and Rory cleared the table. After bringing the last dishes to the sink, Ricky put his hands on Sam’s shoulders.
“Want to go for a walk when you’re done?”
“I’d like that,” Sam said leaning back into him.
“Ricky,” his mom yelled, “I think the guy you spoke to about the music tonight is here.”
“You hired a band?” Malorie asked.
“Mom hired a band,” Ricky replied. “I just brought in some help.” Malorie peeked around the corner as Christie let the person in.
“Brian!” Malorie screamed. She ran into the living room and jumped in his arms. “What are you doing here? I thought you had to play tonight?”
“I do have to play tonight,” Brian said. “Ricky hired me to play with the band at your dad’s birthday party.”
Malorie looked at Ricky. “What a cool surprise,” she said as she hugged Brian again. After the introductions, the girls finished in the kitchen. Brian followed them so he could talk to Malorie.
“That was a nice thing you did,” LaRay said to Ricky. “You’re looking really good, son,” he said as he put his arm around him. “We’re glad to see you doing so much better.”
“Thanks, dad,” Ricky said. 
Christie came over and gave him a hug. “I really like Sam,” she said. “She’s a real sweetie.”
‘We both like her,” LaRay chimed in. “You’re a lucky man.”
“I know,” he said as he looked towards the kitchen. “Didn’t think I could feel this way again.”
Sam came out of the kitchen as he was looking that way. She saw him looking in her direction as he stood with his parents.
“They kicked me out,” Sam said. “Still want to go for a walk?”
“Yeah, change in to some jeans and sneakers and we’ll go,” Ricky answered. 
They both went upstairs and changed. Coming back down at the same time, Ricky held the front door open for her as they went out on the porch. 
“Where to?” she asked.
“There’s a path that goes around the side of the house. It leads to the back of the property.”
“Are you taking me into the woods?” she asked concerned.
“No, there’s snakes there, remember?” he said jokingly. Sam laughed.
“We’ll just go back behind the house a little ways. We have to get ready for lunch soon so we can’t go far. I know a good spot. You can get a good view of the property.”
“Okay,” Sam said as he held her hand.
They meandered around back and made their way to a grove of trees. Ricky pointed out where he and Rory used to play and where they had a vegetable garden. There was also a chicken coop and a couple of barns.
“Do your parents still have animals?” Sam asked.
“Chickens, a rooster, two horses, and a cow.”
Sam laughed. “That’s so neat. Do you like to ride horses?”
“I do,” he said. “I’d take you, but there’s not much time this weekend. Maybe next time.”
Sam smiled. “Next time?”
“Yeah,” he said looking at her. “If we don’t scare you off.”
“I love your family, Ricky. Your parents’ home belongs in a magazine. It’s just amazing out here. I’m so glad you brought me,” she said as she put her arms around him.
Ricky gave her a hug and then moved to sit down in the shade. He took her hand and pulled her down in his lap.
“I’m glad you came, Sam.”
“That was sweet what you did; bringing Brian out here. Malorie was really surprised.”
“Well, since he’s here, maybe she’ll sing tonight. She has a nice voice. Kind of sounds like Lucinda Williams. Malorie likes to sing her songs.”
“Was that one of her songs at the rehearsal?”
“Yeah, as a matter of fact, it was. I really like that song.” 
Sam ran her fingers through his hair. “What else do you like?”
“I really like you.”
She kissed him and put her arms around his neck. “You know, I used to live near here.”
“No kidding?” Ricky said surprisingly.
“I had forgotten. My dad reminded me we were stationed at Fort Polk for one year. I think I was three when we moved there.” 
“I didn’t know that,” he said. “We were almost neighbors.”
Sam giggled. “Wish I had run into you back then.”
Ricky laughed. “Well, I’m glad you finally did.”
“Me too,” she said. “So you were born and raised here?”
“Yep. My parents were ecstatic when I got accepted to LSU but not so happy when I joined the Guard unit at Andrews. I think they almost felt betrayed when Malorie and I moved to Boston.”
Sam could see how close his family was. She imagined his parents were probably anxious to have grandchildren visiting some day. Sam stopped herself. She wasn’t going to go down that road and ruin her weekend.
“Come on,” she said standing up. She held a hand out to Ricky and helped him up. “We should get back.” They put their arms around each other and walked back to the house.
After they showered and changed, Ricky went outside to get the grill ready. Brian and Rory joined him. Sam went to the kitchen and joined the girls. Lindsey and Christie were getting the potatoes and corn ready. Malorie was filling coolers with soft drinks, water and beer.
“Sam, can you get the desserts ready?” Christie asked. “They are in the sun room. There are serving plates to put them on.”
Sam walked back and found a table full of desserts. She was surprised by the number and wondered how many people were coming. There were pies, cobblers, cheesecakes, pastries, cookies, berries and a very large birthday cake.
Taking each one out of a box, she slid them on serving plates and lined them up on the table. There were a couple of bowls for the strawberries and blackberries. Stacking the boxes out of the way, she went back in the kitchen. “What else can I do?” she asked. 
Malorie was finishing making tea. “Will you and Malorie put the plates, cups and silverware out?”
“Sure,” Sam said.
Malorie came up behind her. “Come on Sam. I know where they stashed everything. We’ll use the table on the porch.” Soon after everything was set up, a couple of people started arriving. Malorie and Sam had moved back into the kitchen to bring the food out for the boil.
Large tubs of potatoes, onions, green beans, garlic, mushrooms and corn were brought outside. Sam saw the set up by the grill. Large pots of boiling water were lined up across the grill. The sausage was sitting off to the side in bowls and Ricky was purging the crawfish. 
“Do you have to rinse them off?” Sam asked.
“They’re called mud-bugs for a reason,” Rory said. 
“Yes,” Ricky laughed, you need to clean them.
Rory held one up to Sam.
“Eww,” Sam exclaimed, “get him away!”
“You know,” Rory said, “there’s an old Cajun saying that if you kiss a blue crawfish and let him live, you will be blessed with good luck.”
“Do you have a blue one?” Sam asked.
“No,” Rory answered. 
“Good,” she sighed. They guys laughed. “That’s a lot of food,” she observed. “How many are coming?”
“Well, there is a lot of family coming,” said Christie. “Some friends from town and the plant also,” she continued.
“Is Uncle Mark and his family coming?” Malorie asked.
“Your Uncle Mark, Uncle Jack, Aunt Catherine, Aunt Louise and Aunt Jacque are all going to be here. So is your Grandma Emma.”
“Uncle Jack’s already here. He headed to the barn with dad,” said Rory.
“Oh dear, hopefully they aren’t getting into anything,” Christie said worried.
Ricky laughed. “They are trouble when they get together.”
Sam watched as they poured all of the vegetables and sausage into big wire baskets. Ricky had already seasoned the water with lemon and Crawfish Boil Seasoning. They dropped the baskets into the boiling water and let it cook for about ten minutes. Then they added the crawfish. After about five minutes, they covered the pots and moved them off of the grill.
“Crawfish cook fast,” Sam observed. 
Ricky put his arm around her. “Just like lobster and crab. They need to sit now and soak for about 20 minutes and then we can eat.”
Friends and family had been streaming in. They stopped to say hello to everyone as they made their way to the grill area. LaRay and Jack made their way back also. They got a stern look from Christie as they left the barn, as if they were two mischievous little boys in trouble.
There were a number of picnic tables lined with newspaper and everyone started taking seats as the baskets were dumped in the middle of each table. Sam couldn’t believe how fantastic everything looked. She loved there were so many family and friends at the house celebrating Ricky’s father. It was such a different perspective of Ricky and his roots. It made her desire to be with him even greater.
They ate and visited for the next couple of hours. Sam had never had crawfish before and was in awe at the flavors in the food.
“This is so good,” she said to Ricky.
“First crawfish boil?” Lindsey asked.
“First crawfish. Much better than I expected!”
“Glad you like it,” Ricky quietly said to her. He rubbed her back as he drank his beer. After the meal was over, dessert was served and “Happy Birthday” was sung. They put the cake on LaRay’s table and cut him the first piece of cake. The desserts were as much of a hit as the crawfish, especially the pies and cobblers.
Some of the guests started to leave as it approached two o’clock. The kids took over the cleaning as their parents visited. It took about an hour to get the kitchen clean and everything put away.
“Are we still going to the plantation?” Malorie asked.
“Yeah,” Ricky answered. “We have time. Just get ready for the dinner and we’ll go when everyone is ready. We should have at least an hour to tour the house.” They all headed upstairs. Brian left to meet up with the band so they would have time to rehearse and get used to each other.
The girls took longer than the guys to get ready, so Ricky and Rory waited outside and visited with family. Sam came down first and went outside to find everyone. She had a Lulu’s flush black and gold sequin bodycon dress on with black heels. She took her heels off to walk around back. LaRay saw her first and whistled.
Everyone turned around, making Sam blush.
“Hope I’m not overdressed,” she said.
“You are stunning, Sam,” LaRay commented.
“Thank you,” she said.
“You’re even wearing the colors of the Saints,” Uncle Mark commented, which drew some laughter.
“Leave Uncle Mark to point that out,” Christie said as she gave Sam a hug.
Ricky walked over to her. He had a grey suit on with a white shirt. “Sam, you outdid yourself.”
She smiled. “You approve?”
“You’re beautiful,” he said emphatically. “Come on, did you meet my grandmother?”
“Briefly,” she said. Ricky brought her over to Emma and they talked until Malorie and Lindsey came out.
“Nice dress,” Malorie commented.
“Thanks,” she replied. “You too.” Malorie was wearing a purple dress with yellow heels.
“Are we ready to go?” Ricky asked. They all nodded their heads and walked to the cars.
As they left, Emma said to LaRay, “Looks like Ricky has found someone again.”
“They make quite a couple, don’t they?” he said.
“They remind me of me and Richard when we were young. You can see the chemistry and connection between them. True love.”
LaRay smiled at her. 
“Well, maybe we’ll be attending a wedding again someday.”
“Looks like you may have three weddings to plan for.”
LaRay grimaced. “I may have to sell the house.”
Christie laughed. “I don’t think it will be that bad,” she said. “But it’s so good to see our kids happy.”

֎֎֎֎֎

They drove over in two cars and arrived in less than twenty-five minutes. Sam was amazed at the mansion. It was an impressive example of antebellum architecture. A white picket fence and massive oak trees surrounded the structure. Sitting on the Mississippi River, you immediately understood why it was nicknamed the “White Castle”.
The most striking features were the hand-carved columns, balconies and rotunda. There were two stairways that curved inward to the front door. Black shutters adorned the windows.
“How beautiful,” Sam said as they parked in the visitor’s parking lot.
They walked up the stairs and entered through the front door. A sign said they closed at four. A woman approached them as they looked around in the wide open foyer. 
“Hey, gang,” she said. “I’m Jennifer. Your mom called and said you were on the way.”
“Are you closed?” Ricky asked disappointed.
“Yes, but your mom set up a private tour before your party. If you want, I can show you around.”
Sam was delighted. “That would be great!”
“I’m going to find Brian,” Malorie said. “Do you know where the band is practicing?” she asked Jennifer. Jennifer pointed her in the right direction and as she left, the others began the tour.
“This is the largest antebellum mansion. Antebellum describes an architectural style in the South about thirty years before the Civil War. It’s seen in many plantation homes. Most are influenced by a Greek or Classical Revival popular during that period. They have some very recognizable characteristics; very big, very symmetrical with a boxy look, a front and back entrance in the center of the house, lots of balconies, and of course, the columns.
“How big is it?” Ricky asked as they walked into the Grand Ballroom. The room was white from floor to ceiling. There were silk drapes on the windows and Corinthian columns lined the room. Long, gilded mirrors hung on the walls.
“It’s fifty-three thousand square feet and has sixty-four rooms,” Jennifer said. “You could probably get lost in here. If you look up towards the ceiling, that ornate molding is made of horsehair, river moss and Spanish moss.”
“That’s so bizarre,” Lindsey exclaimed. “I think it’s interesting how people come up with ideas like that.” 
They made their way down one of the long hallways. Family pictures lined each wall. There seemed to be crystal and brass chandeliers hanging in every room. Jennifer led them into the master bedroom. The intricate detail could be seen in not only the house, but the furniture as well. The elegant antique furniture was hand carved out of walnut and mahogany. It was like stepping back in time.
“Who built the house?” Sam asked.
“John Randolph,” Jennifer answered. “He was a sugar magnate. He lived here with his wife and eleven children.”
“Did you say eleven?” Lindsey asked incredulously.
“Yes,” Jennifer laughed. “That seems to always get a reaction.” Everyone laughed.
“There are so many interesting little details about the house,” explained Jennifer. “One of my favorites is the bedpost here.” She pulled the bedpost up and revealed a secret compartment. “This is where Mrs. Randolph hid her valuables.”
After looking around, Jennifer led them to the inviting parlor and dining room. The parlor was set up for tea and the dining room table was set with beautiful china.
“The china was hand-painted. Each plate has a different design,” Jennifer said.
“This was so amazing,” Sam said. “Thanks for taking the time to do this, Jennifer.”
“You’re so welcome,” she replied. “I think your party is going to be starting soon. I can show you where the ballroom is.” She led them to the second floor balcony, where the family was already starting to gather.
“Thanks again,” Ricky said to her as he gave her a generous tip. “We appreciate you staying late.”
“Thank you,” she said. “Ya’ll have a wonderful time.” 
“We will,” Ricky replied.  

֎֎֎֎֎

They mingled on the balcony before dinner was served. Louise and Catherine were able to come, as well as Jack. They were there with Emma enjoying the view of the grounds and visiting with each other. Only a few friends were invited; they wanted to keep the dinner more family oriented. The band was set up and Brian was talking with Malorie. Ricky’s parents were talking with Jennifer, making last minute preparations. 
Ricky walked with Sam over to the back of the balcony. They could look out and see the Mississippi River. The oak trees were spectacular; some of the branches curved all the way back to the ground.
“How did you ever leave here?” Sam asked incredulously. 
Ricky smiled as he looked as her. “It’s beautiful here, but Baton Rouge is small. If I had stayed, ExxonMobil would have probably been my only option. I’m glad I joined the Guard unit. I don’t think I could have asked for a better job than the one I have. Dave is a great friend and I found someone even more beautiful than here.”
Sam looked at him. “I think I’m falling for you, Ricky Jackson.”
“I fell for you a long time ago,” he replied as he pushed her hair back to one side.
“You just like my hair.”
Ricky laughed. “You do have beautiful hair. And it smells really good.”
Sam giggled. “You have nice hair also.”
Ricky cupped her ear with his hand and kissed her. 
Their moment was interrupted when everyone was told to take their seats as the staff prepared to serve the food. Ricky took her hand and led her to their table. They were sitting with Malorie, Uncle Jack and his family. The food was already selected and it was a seafood lover’s delight.
They began with a sampling of Adouille pepper beef medallions, shrimp parmesan and jumbo lump crab cakes. That was followed by a small cup of crab bisque and house salad. The entrée was a choice of shrimp and crab Tagliatelle pasta or pan-roasted Gulf Redfish. That wasn’t the best part. 
When they were done with the main course, dessert was brought out. Just about everyone thought they were going to pop, they were so full from all of the amazing food they had eaten. One look at the dessert, though, and they knew they had to make room. Again they had a choice; chocolate bourbon pecan pie, banana Foster cheesecake or Miss Sharon’s homemade white chocolate bread pudding. The bread pudding, topped with crème anglaise and caramel sauce, was a favorite.
The band had already started playing while everyone was eating. The tables were arranged so there was a dance floor in front of the band. Nobody was in the mood to move after they had finished dessert. It gave them a chance to catch up with their extended family and update each other on what was happening in their life. After letting their food digest, they felt like dancing. 
LaRay and Christie led the way as the band played. Everyone joined in and took advantage of some good Cajun music. Even Grandma Emma joined in when her great grandsons brought her out on the dance floor.
Ricky held Sam close and danced with her through a number of slow songs. It didn’t seem like anyone could pull them apart, but LaRay wasn’t about to let his son dance with Sam all night. 
“Are you going to let her dance with anyone else?” he said as he approached them.
Sam laughed and Ricky let his dad steal her away. Rory handed Lindsey off and pulled Malorie onto the dance floor. Brian took a break every once in a while to get a dance in with Malorie as well. They all were having a great time and then the band turned it up a notch.
Brian and Malorie started the livelier music with a duo; Brian played the guitar while Malorie sang Lucinda Williams song, Jambalaya. 
“You got her to sing,” LaRay exclaimed.
“And you got your song,” Sam added.
They all moved to the dance floor and started clapping their hands as Malorie sang her heart out.

Good-bye, Joe, me gotta go, me oh, myo
Me gotta pole the beruea down the bayou
My Yvonne sweetest one me, oh, myo
Son of a gun we're gonna have big fun on the bayou
Jambalaya crawfish pie, filet gumbo
'Cause tonight I'm gonna see my cher-mio
Pick guitar, fill fruit jar and be gay-o
Son of a gun we're gonna have big fun on the bayou

Sam couldn’t have possibly had a better time. It was so fun to see a different part of the country and the culture and traditions shared. The food was great, the music was fun and the people were friendlier than you could imagine. She had no doubt when she left, she would miss this place. She loved Cajun country.
Malorie kept singing the song as everyone clapped.

Settle down far from town get me a peiro
And I'll catch all the fish on the bayou
Spend my mon, to buy my gun for the need-o
Son of a gun we're gonna have big fun on the bayou

As she got to the final refrain, everyone started singing. Sam laughed as she kept clapping. She watched Ricky and Rory next to each other as they sang along. They were truly born and raised Louisianans. And she loved the oldest one very much.
When the party was over, the family said good bye to Emma and all of the aunts and uncles. Ricky was so happy to reconnect with his extended family. He gave his grandma a big hug and walked her to his Aunt Catherine’s car. The drive home was mostly done in silence as the weary group was ready to call it a day. When they made it back to the house, they said their good nights and went upstairs to bed.
As Sam went in her room, Ricky followed her.
“I had a great time,” she said as she turned around and gave him a hug.
“You looked like you were having fun,” he replied. “Didn’t you say you were off Monday?”
“Yeah, why?” she asked as she looked up at him.
“What would you say if we stayed a day in New Orleans and went home Monday instead?”
“Can you change the tickets?” Sam asked excitedly.
“Yeah, we can drive over tomorrow after lunch and have Monday until our flight.”
“You remembered I wanted to go there?”
“It’s a great opportunity to knock it off your bucket list,” he commented.
Sam laughed. She kissed him. “I’d love that. Thank you.”
Ricky gave her a hug. “Good night, Sam. Sleep tight.”
“Good night, Ricky.”


XXI

In the morning, the girls volunteered to make breakfast. It wasn’t as elaborate as the day before, but with all of the leftovers, there weren’t any complaints. When they were finished eating, they cleaned up the kitchen and discussed plans for the day. Ricky had changed the tickets so he and Sam could fly home on Monday. Brian was flying home with Malorie later that evening. 
“So, who’s going to church with us? Are you all leaving later today?” LaRay asked.
“Lindsey and I are going with you and then we’re going to her parent’s house,” Rory said.
“Malorie?”
“Yeah, we don’t have to leave until later this afternoon. Our flight’s at six.”
“I’ll come,” Sam said.
Christie and LaRay looked at her, surprised. They knew Ricky had had a problem with going to church since Anne died. They had hoped he would get past his anger.
“Okay,” said LaRay as he clapped his hands. “Well, let’s get ready.”
They went to get ready. Sam followed Ricky to his room.
“Ricky?”
“Yeah,” he said turning to her.
“You want me to stay with you?” she asked.
“No, Sam,” he replied. “I’m going to get ready and go with you.”
She put her hands on her hips and smiled. “Well, okay then. I guess I’ll get ready.”
She went to her room. She had also suspected there was a problem with Ricky and the Church. He never really showed any interest when she went with her family and she knew he was Catholic. That was one thing Sam never lost in all of her difficulties. She always believed it would see her through the tough times and help her find happiness again.
The family assembled in the living room when it was time to go. They were all surprised to see Ricky come downstairs and join them for Mass. LaRay shook his head and looked at Christie. Obviously, Sam had made a big impact in his life.
It had been a long time since the whole family went to church together. They took a whole pew and attracted a lot of attention from the other parishioners, especially those who had known the family for a long time. It left LaRay and Christie beaming with pride. 
When Mass was over, they said goodbye to Lindsey and Rory and went back to the house. Again, the leftovers were ample and almost as good as the first time around. Ricky and Sam packed afterwards and said their goodbyes.
“It was so good to meet you,” Christie said to Sam as she hugged her. “Come back anytime.”
LaRay hugged her next. “Sam, you’re an absolute delight. Cute as a button too.”
Sam laughed. “Thank you and thanks for the hospitality. I loved my visit. It was so good to meet you.”
They loaded the car and made the drive to New Orleans in under an hour. Ricky drove through town and pulled into the Omni Royal Orleans, an historic hotel located in the French Quarter. They left the car with the valet and a bellboy took their luggage. Ricky checked them in and they took the elevator to their room. He had reserved the Pontchartrain Suite. Sam gasped when they entered the room. 
“Ricky, this room is so big. You didn’t have to do this.”
“I wanted the wrap around balcony so you could enjoy the view. It also has two bedrooms.”
Sam looked around the room as he tipped the bellboy and closed the door. There was a spacious living area, dining room and kitchen area. The marble floors and beautiful artwork gave it an air of elegance. 
“Two bedrooms?” she said as she put her arms around him. “Didn’t want to make any assumptions?” She squeezed him tight. “You’re such a gentleman.”
Ricky didn’t say anything. He just held her. 
“Promise me something?” she asked.
“Anything,” Ricky replied.
“Promise me you’ll always sleep in my bed.”
Ricky smiled. “I promise.”
Sam gave him a kiss and then walked to the balcony doors. “I’m going to check out the view,” she said.
“Yeah, I think you can see Saint Louis Cathedral and Jackson Square. They’re the heart of the French Quarter.” They stepped out on the balcony and leaned on the wrought iron railing. The view was spectacular. Taking it all in for a moment, Sam looked at Ricky. 
“Want to take a walk?” she asked.
“Whenever you’re ready,” he said.
Sam changed into some blue denim caprice jeans with a white cable knit sweater. She put on her red Converse shoes and grabbed her purse. “I’m ready.”
Ricky had changed into some jeans and a Saints hoodie. He held the door for her as they made their way downstairs. Exiting the back of the hotel, they took Toulouse to Chartres Street, which runs between Jackson Square and Saint Louis Cathedral.
Circumventing Jackson Square, Ricky took Sam around to Café Du Monde, a famous coffee shop established in 1862. He ordered two coffees black and an order of beignets, a square-shaped French doughnut covered with powdered sugar.
“Oh wow, Ricky. These are delicious,” Sam said as she ate one. 
“You like them?” Ricky asked, somewhat rhetorically.
“How can you not?” Sam asked bewildered. 
Ricky laughed. They shared the beignets and drank their coffee while sitting at an outside table. It was a great spot as they were able to look out at the square and watch the people. There were several attractions as artists and performers applied the tools of their crafts.
Afterwards, they walked through the square and listened to the various musicians play jazz music. The artists were drawing caricatures and painting the famous landmarks in New Orleans. One artist did an actual drawing of people and was quite talented. He had just finished drawing a teenage girl.
“Impressive,” Ricky commented.
“How do I look?” the girl asked.
“Beautiful,” Sam replied. The young girl blushed. Her parents paid the artist while he rolled her drawing and put it in a canister.
“You folks want me to do you next?” the artist asked.
“That would be great,” Ricky said.
“Just have your wife sit on your lap,” he said pointing to the chair.
“Oh, we’re not married,” Sam corrected him.
The man put his hands on his legs. “What? You haven’t asked this beautiful woman to marry you yet? What are you waiting for?”
Sam laughed as it was Ricky’s turn to be totally embarrassed.
“Just draw the picture, Cupid,” Ricky said laughing.
The man shook his head as he smiled. “Okay, I wouldn’t wait too long if I were you. That’s all I’m going to say.”
Sam was giggling, knowing how uncomfortable Ricky was at the moment. The man made up for it though with the portrait he drew. The likeness was uncanny.
“You are so good,” Sam said as she gave him a hug. “Give this man a big tip!”
The artist looked at her as his mouth dropped open. “Forget about him; marry me!”
Sam laughed uncontrollably as Ricky paid the man. He did as instructed and gave the man a generous tip. 
“Thank you, thank you,” he said. “You folks have a wonderful time in N’awlins!”
“Thanks,” Sam said as she took the canister.
“And remember what I said,” he told Ricky. “I wouldn’t wait too long,” he yelled as Ricky hurried her away. Sam couldn’t stop laughing. She could tell he was embarrassed. She took his arm and said, “Relax.” 
Ricky laughed. “Feel like I stepped on a landmine.”
Sam giggled. Ricky stopped her and turned her towards him. 
“I’d be a lucky man, Sam. I just don’t want to rush it.”
Sam smiled, surprised at his candidness. “I know,” she said. “And thanks for saying that.”
They continued walking to the cathedral. The famous landmark was hard to miss; the white facade, the triple steeples, the history behind it.
“I think this is the oldest cathedral still in operation in the country,” Sam said.
“Really? I didn’t know that.”
They walked inside and saw similar features found in local architecture, like the columns and brass chandeliers. They walked around the sides in silence and then walked to the center to admire the altar. There were people praying, so they quietly exited the church once they had gotten a good look inside.
“You want to take a steamboat ride up the Mississippi?”
“Oh my gosh! I’d love that,” Sam exclaimed.
“The pier is only a couple of blocks away. It’s on the same street as the hotel,” Ricky said.
They walked over and went to the ticket office. The next harbor cruise was boarding in fifteen minutes. Ricky bought two tickets and they got in line. 
“I can’t believe I’m standing by the Mississippi River! That’s so cool,” Sam said delightedly. “I’m really looking forward to this.”
Ricky was happy to see her enjoy herself. In fact, she could hardly contain her excitement. Much like the aquarium, Sam was totally enthralled. The river boat pulled in and Ricky and Sam watched the large paddle wheel churn through the water. After the passengers got off, they began boarding for the next tour.
Sam and Ricky took the stairs to the top deck once on board. They walked to the back so they could look down on the paddle wheel. It was painted a rustic red and made you think you had stepped back in time when you saw it. They loaded the boat like they had done it before and were quickly underway.
A tour guide came over the loud speaker. “Welcome aboard the Steamboat Natchez harbor cruise. My name is Jim and I’ll be your narrator today. Out tour will take us up the Mississippi River where you will be able to enjoy a fantastic view of the downtown area and learn about some of the rich history as we pass the Chalmette Battlefield.” 
Sam and Ricky watched the wheel turn in the water for a while and then made their way to the front of the boat so they could follow the tour guide’s narration. The guide pointed out the French Quarter and shared some historical facts about Saint Louis Cathedral and Jackson Square, named after Andrew Jackson, the hero of the Battle of New Orleans. 
“Jackson Square is also the site where Louisiana was made United States territory under the Louisiana Purchase in 1803.”
On the lower deck, there was a live band playing jazz music. They sat at a table and enjoyed the musicians while they looked out the window at the shoreline. It was a beautiful day with mild temperatures; a perfect combination. As they made their way upriver to the battlefield, they listened to the guide explain the significance of its history.
“The Chalmette Battlefield is the site of the legendary Battle of New Orleans. On January 8, 1815, an army under General Andrew Jackson, aided by the famous pirate Jean LaFitte, defeated a superior British force. It was the last battle in the War of 1812, even though a treaty was already signed in 1814 ending the war. The victory became a symbol of American democracy and for decades Americans celebrated January eight as a national holiday.”
Back on the upper deck, Ricky sat with Sam on a bench and enjoyed the view. Putting his arm around her, they listened to the sound of the paddle wheel as it rotated through the water. There was a slight breeze that blew through Sam’s hair.
“Cold?” Ricky asked.
“No,” Sam said quietly. “It’s perfect.” 
The steamboat made its way back to where they departed two hours earlier and docked at the pier. As the passengers walked off the boat, they thanked the crew for a great tour and left a tip in a jar. Ricky dropped some money in also as they stepped off the boat. They walked up Saint Louis Street towards their hotel.
“Where are we going?” Sam asked.
“You hungry?”
“A little,” she replied.
“I want to take you to Antoine’s for dinner.”
“Okay. Do we need to change?”
“I do,” Ricky said. “It’s business casual so I need to change my shirt. I might grab a blazer also.”
“I’m going to change my pants then,” Sam decided.
They went up to their room. Ricky went straight to his suitcase and pulled his hoodie off. Standing there shirtless, Sam came in the bedroom and whistled. Ricky laughed as he pulled out a white dress shirt and put it on. As he buttoned it, he turned to see Sam sliding her jeans off. She had some black lace panties on and was bent over. Ricky whistled. Sam stood up laughing as she pointed her finger at him.
“Touché,” she said.
She slid on some black slacks and put on her black heels. “Okay?” she asked as she held her hands out as if she were presenting herself.
“More than okay,” Ricky commented as he stood looking her. “You’re gorgeous.”
Sam smiled. “Come on, cowboy. Take me to dinner.” 
She held out her hand as he approached. Taking her hand, Ricky looked at her as he passed and winked. They exited the hotel and walked a block to the restaurant.
“Welcome to Antoine’s,” the maitre d’ said. 
“Hi, reservation for Jackson.”
“Ah yes, we have your table ready. Please follow me.”
The maitre d’ took them to a secluded spot and seated them at a candlelit table for two.
“How did you pull off a reservation?” Sam asked.
“I had my dad call,” Ricky explained. “ExxonMobil has spent a little money in this restaurant. They were happy to oblige.”
Sam smiled. “A man with connections. I like that.”
The waitress came and took their drink order. They both ordered a glass of wine and ice water. Sam had asked for a shrimp cocktail for an appetizer, so Ricky ordered the Cocktail aux Crevettes. They looked over the menu and when the waitress came back with their drinks, they knew what they wanted to order. 
“I’ll have the Cotelettes d’Agneau Grillées with the sautéed mushroom sauce,” Sam said.
“That’s my favorite,” the waitress said. Sam had ordered center cut lamb chops grilled and served with mint jelly. “And for you, sir?”
“I think I’ll go with the Filet de Boeuf Nature with the béarnaise sauce.”
“Very good. I’ll be back with your appetizer shortly.”
Ricky extended his arms across the table and held his hands open. Sam put her hands in his. They sat there, looking at each other until the waitress came back with the shrimp cocktail and hot bread.
They dipped the chilled shrimp in cocktail sauce and ate them. Buttering some bread, Ricky gave Sam a piece and took one for himself. They discussed what they were going to do tomorrow.
“I got to do the steamboat today,” said Sam. “Tomorrow we have to do something you want to do.”
Ricky thought about it for a moment. “I wouldn’t mind seeing the World War Two museum.”
Sam smiled. “I thought you would.” She held her wine up. “It’s a date.”
Ricky clinked his glass with hers in toast. The waitress showed up as he put his glass down and she placed their entrées in front of them. The lamb chops looked spectacular. Ricky’s steak was cooked to perfection. They sampled each other’s selection and complimented their choices.
When they were done, Ricky talked Sam into sharing a dessert. She selected Pêche Melba, candied peach slices topped with vanilla ice cream, raspberry sauce and chopped almonds. They ordered coffee as well. She was thankful they shared it because her stomach felt like it was about to pop.
“I’m so full,” she said as she sat back and put her hands on her stomach.
“No more food today,” Ricky promised her.
“Thank you,” she managed to say.
Ricky laughed and asked the waitress for the check as she cleared their table. After paying, they slowly walked back to the hotel in each other’s arms. Making it back to the room, they went straight to the bedroom and lay down in bed. 
Sam looked over at him. “I’m tired.”
“Busy day,” Ricky said. “It’ll be busy tomorrow also with the flight home. We should get some rest.”
“You don’t mind just going to sleep?” Sam asked.
Ricky rose up on an elbow and looked at her. “Sam, you don’t owe me anything.” She didn’t say anything. “Come on, get comfortable,” he said as he got up and stripped down to his boxers and t-shirt.
Sam laughed and did the same. They pulled down the covers and slid up underneath them. Ricky pulled them back up and spooned Sam. She snuggled in next to him and closed her eyes. Within a few minutes, they were both fast asleep.

֎֎֎֎֎

In the morning, Sam showered first. She blew dry her hair while Ricky took his shower. As he walked into the bedroom with his towel wrapped around his waist, Sam came up from behind and pulled it off. Ricky turned to see Sam looking at him with a wanton look on her face. Laughing as she pushed him on the bed, he pulled her on top. Straddling him, she laid her head on his chest.
“I love you, Ricky.” It sounded so good to hear those words. Ricky rolled her over. He looked into her eyes and brushed her cheek with his fingers. 
“I love you too, Samantha.”
She giggled. “You haven’t called me by my full name since we first met.”
“It’s pretty. Maybe I’ll use it more often.”
“Hmm,” she said softly. “I think I’d like that.”  
They didn’t move for several minutes, enjoying each other’s body against their own. Finally, Ricky told Sam they had to finish getting ready if they were going to make the museum. Standing up and holding his hand out, Sam took it and pulled herself up. Slapping his butt, she grudgingly walked to the vanity to finish getting ready. 
“Are we eating in the restaurant?” Sam asked as they headed towards the front entrance. 
“No,” Ricky replied. “I’m taking you across the street to Brennan’s.”
“I’ve heard of that place!” Sam exclaimed. “Aren’t they famous for their breakfast?”
“They’ll put my breakfast to shame.”
“I love your breakfast,” she said compassionately, skipping up to him and taking his hand.
They walked down the street to the iconic restaurant. Once inside, they waited a few minutes until a table was ready. They didn’t hesitate in ordering coffee once they were seated. 
“Want to split a blackberry crepe before our meal?” Ricky asked.
“Sounds delicious,” Sam answered.
Ricky ordered one once the coffee was served. They went ahead and ordered their meal at the same time. Sam ordered the Eggs Benedict, while Ricky ordered the Eggs Hussarde, which was basically the same thing except with a marchand de vin sauce. 
They sipped their coffee and checked their phones for messages while they waited. Ricky had taken the day off and knew he would be behind tomorrow. It would be a long week but he was glad he delayed their return a day. It had been a fun visit and he knew Sam had enjoyed the trip. 
Their meals were delightful and when they were done, Ricky ordered Brennan’s world famous Bananas Foster, a mix of bananas, butter, brown sugar, cinnamon and rum topped with vanilla bean ice cream. When it was brought out, the waitress flambéed it tableside. She gave them two spoons and they shared the dessert.
“I think I’m in Heaven,” Sam commented.
Ricky laughed. “They have some great food in New Orleans, there’s no doubt about it.”
When they were finished with breakfast, they went back to the hotel and packed. After checking out, they had the valet bring their car to the front. Once their bags were loaded, Ricky drove to the museum.  They were doing well on time and had a couple of hours before they had to leave for the airport.
As they parked, Sam noticed a white flag on the side of the building with a red border and a single blue star in the middle.
“I’ve seen that flag before? What does it mean?” she asked.
Ricky looked out the window. “That’s a Service Flag. It’s to honor a service member serving overseas.” 
The imposing structure had an impressive front façade. It was all glass windows, with World War Two planes hanging in the foyer. Inside, they had every possible artifact from the war you could imagine. Uniforms, vehicles, submarines, boats, guns, flags and tanks. 
Ricky bought two tickets and was given a map of the museum. There were pavilions and a theatre with different themes. There were also exhibits displaying the road to Tokyo, the road to Berlin and the D-Day invasion of Normandy. Starting out in the Louisiana Memorial Pavilion, they slowly meandered through the displays. Sam was able to make a Dog Tag with her name on it and placed it on her keychain.
The Campaign of Courage Pavilion was on the European and Pacific Theatres. Ricky liked this one the most. This was where the exhibits were located. He held Sam’s hand as they toured the pavilion.
Moving into the U.S. Freedom Pavilion, they were able to see where most of the vehicles and planes were displayed. Ricky pointed out the B-17 Flying Fortress and P-51 Mustang. The exhibit also covered the history of their production and how America mobilized for war.
“I’d like to think we could do that again, but I’m not sure we could repeat what their generation did,” Ricky observed.
“That’s why they were called the greatest generation,” Sam said. “It’s amazing how everyone tried to contribute.”
 “My grandmother Emma tells some great stories about living through that war. Maybe we’ll have a chance again soon to let her tell you some.”
“I’d like that,” Sam said smiling.

֎֎֎֎֎

After making the tour through the museum, they decided to head to the airport a little early. Turning in the rental car and getting through security went without a hitch. They had plenty of time, so they stopped in the bookstore to buy some snacks and a magazine for the flight home. Leaving on time, they were happy to be on the plane.
“Thanks for the upgrade,” Sam said. Ricky had upgraded them to first class when he changed the tickets.
“I knew it would be a long flight home. Hopefully, we can get some rest on the way.”
The flight took about four hours. They were served a meal, which paled in comparison to what they had eaten over the weekend. Picking at their meals, they happily parted with them when the flight attendant took the trays away. They were both able to get a power nap in before they landed in Boston.
Sam had checked her luggage, so they went to baggage claim to retrieve it. Afterwards, they took the shuttle out to long term parking and loaded their bags in the car. It was good to be home, but there was a feeling of melancholy as they drove to the apartments. The reality of returning to work and not being together again began to set in.
Ricky parked the car once they made it to the parking lot and they carried their bags to Sam’s door. Unlocking it, she pushed the door open and Ricky carried her bags to the bedroom. He walked back to the front door and gave Sam a hug. 
“I had such a wonderful time,” Sam said.
“Me too,” Ricky replied. “I’m going to be lonely this week.”
Sam laughed and looked at him. “Come over anytime you feel lonely, okay?”
Ricky smiled. “Okay,” he said as he took her hand and kissed it. Sam put her arms around his neck and gave him a long passionate kiss.
“Good night, Samantha.”
“Good night. I love you, Ricky.”
“I love you too, beautiful. Sleep tight.”
After she closed her door, Ricky went next door and put his suitcase in the living room. He started to close the door and then went back outside. Anticipating his return, Sam opened her door as he walked up to it. She took his hand and they walked back to the bedroom. Sliding underneath the covers, they cuddled up next to each other and fell fast asleep in each other’s arms.





XXII

Realizing Ricky’s birthday was in a week, Sam wanted to do something special for him, especially after the trip to Louisiana. She knew he loved the ocean and his boat. Not sure what to get him, she thought about the time he took her to the aquarium. He really enjoyed himself when he was there.
Then she got the idea for the perfect gift; an aquarium for his apartment. She searched online and found a forty gallon Glofish acrylic aquarium. It had blue light to make it glow in the dark. There was a plethora of greenery to give it an authentic deep water effect. The coral, which sat on a deep layer of glass marble, glowed in the dark. She added a seaweed ornament, driftwood, treasure chest and sunken pirate ship. And, of course, there were an assortment of fish planned; some orange and yellow Clownfish, neon Tetras and Angelfish.
She left work early on Friday, having already had the aquarium delivered to her apartment on Thursday. On her way home, she stopped at a pet store that sold fish and selected the ones she had on her list. She brought all of the accessory boxes over to his apartment, letting herself in with the spare key. Carlos, one of the maintenance workers, came over to help move the box with the aquarium. 
They set up the aquarium in the living room on a sofa table Ricky had against the wall. It was the perfect spot.  She added all of the accessories. Water was then added and the filter was turned on. Everything seemed to work. Carlos excused himself.
“Good luck with it, Sam. Tell the birthday boy we all wish him a happy birthday,”
“Thanks so much, Carlos. I couldn’t have done it without you!”
After he left, Sam took the fish out of the bags and lowered them in the aquarium with a small net. Placing the light on top, the aquarium was now complete. She wrote a note to Ricky to come knock on her door before he went in his apartment and then texted him the same message.
Happy birthday, Ricky! Please knock on my door before you go into your apartment!
Ricky received the text right before he left the office. Gwen and Dave had already wished him a happy birthday, as well as others in the office, and they took him to lunch. He wasn’t sure what Sam was up to but he texted her, Ok.
When he arrived, he did as he was instructed. Knocking on Sam’s door, he waited for her to answer. Sam didn’t take long as she had been anticipating his arrival. She opened the door and jumped in his arms. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she kissed him and said, “Happy birthday, baby.”
“Thanks,” he replied. Taking him by the hand, she led him to his apartment. He unlocked his door and she told him to close his eyes. At first, he was thinking she had planned a surprise party. Grimacing, he stepped inside as she guided him into the living room.
“Okay, open them,” she said.
Ricky opened his eyes and found himself staring at a spectacular aquarium. He couldn’t believe it. His mouth opened as he walked over to it and ran his fingers across the side. Bending over, he peered in and watched the fish.
“Sam,” he said standing up and looking at her. “This is amazing. How did you do this?”
“Well, I had a little help from Carlos. I hope you don’t mind me letting myself in.”
“I don’t mind you being in here,” he said somewhat distracted. He looked again in the aquarium. “What kind of fish are these?”
Sam came up next to him and pointed. “The orange fish and yellow fish are Clownfish, the blue and red ones are neon Tetras and the yellow and blue ones are Angelfish.”
“Sam,” Ricky said standing up, “I don’t know what to say.”
“Do you like it?” she asked.
“I love it,” he responded. “It’s fantastic,” he said, giving her a hug. “Thank you.”
“I’m glad,” she replied as she put her arms around him. “For all the nice things you’ve done for me, I wanted to do something special for you.”
“Thanks, Sam.”
Sam treated Ricky to dinner and afterwards, they came back to his apartment and fell asleep in each other’s arms on the sofa. In the glow of the aquarium.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky was busy at his desk, trying to get through a mountain of paperwork when his cell phone rang. He looked at the screen and saw it was Jake Coleman. He picked up the phone and answered it.
“Hey Jake, how’s it going?” Typical of a Guard or Reserve unit, most members called each other by their first name, even the squadron commander. He was surprised by the call but he assumed it had to do with his upcoming separation from the military.
“Ricky, how are you doing?” Jake said.
“I’m doing a lot better. It’s hard to believe I only have a few months left.”
“Yeah, you’re a short-timer, there’s no doubt about it. Which makes my call that much harder. I need a favor.”
“What’s up?” Ricky asked.
“There’s a deployment coming up we don’t have a body for. Joe was supposed to go but he’s got medical issues with his son.”
“I heard about that,” Ricky said. “Is he going to be okay?”
“It’s going to be a real challenge. He’s got a degenerative disease that was just diagnosed, so they are in crisis mode right now. Matt is the only one left and he just got home from a deployment to Turkey.”
“Where is this deployment to?” Ricky asked.
“Japan. Not exactly a hardship tour but it is three months.”
“Ouch,” Ricky said, knowing where this was going. “And you want me to go?”
“I could really use your help,” Jake said. “You know you don’t have to. I’m sure you are thinking about the last deployment right now and a little bird told me you were dating someone. But if you don’t, then I have to send Joe or Matt.”
“I know how it works,” Ricky said. “It would be nice if this deployment schedule would slow down for the unit.” Laughing, he said, “We’ve been at war my whole military career.” He sighed. “I can’t tell you no, Jake. After everything you and the unit have done for me, I owe you a lot. If you need to send me, then I’ll go. I don’t think it should be Matt or Joe, so it doesn’t look like it leaves you much choice.”
Jake was relieved. He hated to make the call, but he knew Ricky would step up. That’s the kind of guy he was. “I appreciate you making this easy on me.” 
“When would I leave?”
“End of November. You’ll get back the end of February.”
“I’ll miss Christmas?” Ricky asked rhetorically.
“You’ll miss Christmas,” Jake confirmed. “But I’ll make sure they leave you alone on Thanksgiving.”
“Okay,” he said resignedly.
“Thanks Ricky. I know it is short notice and I hope it doesn’t cause any problems with the young lady you’re dating. Sergeant Cortes will be contacting you soon with pre-deployment information.” 
“Okay, Jake. I’ll talk to you later.”

֎֎֎֎֎

That evening, Ricky was quiet as they ate dinner. He had made grilled salmon but wasn’t eating. Sam was telling him about her day at the hospital. 
“What’s wrong?” she finally said as she rubbed his hand.
“There’s no easy way to tell you this, baby. I got a call from my squadron commander today. He needs me to go on a deployment.”
Sam was quiet while she looked at him. “You’re deploying? I thought you were getting out?”
“Not soon enough,” he said. “They need someone to cover a deployment and I’m the only one available. I told him I would do it.”
“Where?” she asked.
“Japan.”
“For how long?”
He hesitated. “Three months. I leave after Thanksgiving.”
Sam felt like she had been punched in the stomach. She stood up, walked over to the sofa and lay down. Ricky gave her a moment then went to sit down beside her. Rubbing her back, he told her about the phone call and the situation with the members of his squadron. Sam didn’t say anything right away.
Finally, she rolled over and looked at him. She had tears running out of the corners of her eyes. “You did the right thing,” she admitted. “I know you enjoy flying,” she said as she rubbed his face. “And that was nice of you to help your friends. I’m going to hate every minute of you being gone though.” Ricky rested his head on her chest. She ran her fingers through his hair. 
“I know I won’t be here with you, but we’ll at least be able to talk and see each other every day.”
“You promise?”
“I promise,” he said as he lifted his head and looked at her. “I’ll send you pictures of where I’m at; we can talk, Facetime, send messages. We’ll just have to count the days until I come home.”
“I can’t believe you’ll miss Christmas,” she said.
“I’ll miss you. Everything else doesn’t matter.”
Sam put her arms around him. “So, we have less than a month before you go?”
“Yeah,” he said. 
“Okay,” she said. “We have to make the most of it then.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam was understanding, but she was still upset.  She was trying to keep it together but Ricky had thrown a real curve ball at her. Three months seemed like an eternity. How did military families cope? How did her mom do it? Her only consolation was the support she had around her with friends and family. And even though he wouldn’t be there with her, they had the luxury with today’s technology of talking with and seeing each other every day.
 “That’s not how it was when your father was in the Army,” her mom told her. “We would get a morale call maybe once a week and had to wait for letters to reach us, which could take a week or more.”
“I don’t know how you did it,” Sam said. “I bet it was nice receiving letters though.”
“I still have them,” her mom said. “It’s kind of a lost art now, with email and texting, but there’s so much sentimental value with those letters.”
 Sam liked the idea of receiving letters. She mentioned her mom’s story to Ricky hoping to plant a seed, but wasn’t sure if he had picked up on it. He did make sure they were both on Instagram, Snapchat and Skype. At least they could communicate that way, she thought.
For the next three and a half weeks, Sam and Ricky were inseparable. When they were not working, they were with each other. During the week, they met after work for dinner. They enjoyed the evenings together listening to music, watching TV or playing the guitar. Sam had become a very good guitar player and they continued to practice. She enjoyed playing and singing Baby, Come On Home from Outlander. 
Outlander was in the middle of its season and Game of Thrones had just ended. Sam had missed some of the episodes of both series in past seasons, but still enjoyed the shows. Ricky had asked her about movies and had a good idea of what she liked by the time he deployed. He set her up a Netflix and Amazon Prime account and bought all of the seasons for both series. He also bought several movies he knew Sam would like so she, Becky, Malorie and Amanda could watch them.
On weekends, they took drives out into the country to enjoy the fall weather. The leaves had mostly changed but there was still a little color left on the trees. When the weather was bad, they visited the museums downtown to see the new exhibits.
One day, Sam asked about his guitar, “What am I going to do when you leave? Can I borrow your guitar?”
“I planned on bringing it with me,” he said as he went to his bedroom. Coming back a moment later, he was holding another guitar. “I was going to give you this before I left, but since you asked…”
“You got me my own guitar?” she asked as he handed it to her. Sam took the LX Black Little Martin. 
“It fits you better,” he replied. “It’s slightly smaller so your hand will fit around the neck easier.”
Sam strummed a few chords. “This is a lot easier,” she admitted. “I had a hard time with some notes on your guitar.”
“I know. Probably should have gotten it for you sooner.”
“Thank you,” she said as she leaned over and gave him a kiss. “Now I can practice while you are gone.”
“Maybe we can even practice together,” Ricky suggested, “when we Skype.”
“I like that idea,” she said smiling.
“You’re getting good, you know?”
“Well, I have a good teacher.”
Of course spending time with family and friends was a priority as well. They still had weekend get-togethers and visited with her parents every Sunday. Sam saw Becky on occasion, but she was dating again and they became her go-to babysitters. Ethan loved it because he was able to play with the trains whenever he came over. 

֎֎֎֎֎

They had time for one more get together with friends before he left. Sam was determined to make it as fun as possible for him. She sent out a group text letting everyone know she would host the next dinner. She also sent a text excluding Ricky asking everyone to bring a going away gift; something he could use on his deployment.
For dinner, Sam made lasagna. She was serving it with French bread and salad. Working the early shift turned out to be a godsend because it gave her plenty of time to get things ready. She had also planned the get together for seven so everyone would have time to go home after work and change.
Becky arrived first. She had left Ethan with her mom. 
“Hey, Sam,” she said as she let herself in.
“In the kitchen, Beck.”
Becky went to the kitchen and gave Sam a hug. “It smells great.”
“Thanks. Cross your fingers it comes out okay.”
Becky laughed. “Relax, Sam. I’ve had your lasagna before and it’s delicious.”
Sam put her hands on the counter and took a deep breath.
“You okay?” Becky asked as she rubbed Sam’s back.
“Trying to keep it together,” Sam laughed. “I don’t want him to go,” she added.
“I know. It’ll be okay though. We’ll spend lots of time together and it will give you a chance to spend time with your parents.” 
“I plan to,” she said after wiping her eyes. “It’s just….I found someone good, Beck. I’m afraid I’ll lose him.”
Becky hugged her. “You’re not going to lose him. He adores you. And when he’s back, he’s done with flying. He’s all yours after that.”
“I hope so.”
Dave and Amanda walked in to see Becky comforting Sam.
“Is everything okay?” Amanda asked.
“Everything’s fine,” Becky said reassuringly. “Sam’s not looking forward to this deployment.”
“I don’t blame her,” Amanda replied.
“Did Dave ever deploy while you two were dating?” Becky asked.
“No, he had just separated from the military when we started dating. Don’t worry, Sam. It’ll go by quick and we’ll be here for you.”
“I know he’s going to miss you, Sam,” Dave chimed in. “He really didn’t want to have to go. You know his last deployment was devastating. He’s really tormented by this.”
Sam looked at him. She hadn’t really thought about his last deployment or what had happened. Sam felt really bad she had focused so much on how it would affect her and not considered how Ricky felt.
“You’re right, Dave,” she said. “I’ve been selfish worrying about myself. I hadn’t really considered how Ricky felt about it. Let’s just have a good time tonight, for his sake.”
“That a girl,” Dave said as he put his arm around her.
There was a knock at the door. They turned to see it open as Ricky, Malorie and Brian entered the apartment. 
“Anybody home?” Ricky asked.
“The gang’s all here,” Sam said with a smile as she walked over and gave him a hug and kiss.
“What smells so good?” Ricky asked.
“Maybe its Sam’s hair,” Becky answered with a sly grin. 
Sam couldn’t help herself. She started to laugh as her eyes got big and she looked at Becky. Ricky was embarrassed.
“What’s that all about?” Malorie asked.
“Ricky likes the smell of Sam’s hair,” Becky said smiling. “Sorry Ricky. I just think it’s cute.”
Ricky just shook his head as he looked at Dave for help. Dave held his hands in the air.
“Come on,” Sam said as she took him by the arm. “Supper’s ready.”
They all moved into the kitchen and handed out plates. Sam took the dish out of the oven and uncovered it.
“Here is a serving spoon,” she said as she handed it to Becky. “Bread is in the basket and help yourself to the salad.”
Sam had borrowed a few chairs from Ricky’s apartment and she squeezed them around the table. Taking their seats after serving themselves, they didn’t waste any time digging in.
“This is really good,” Dave commented.
“Her cooking skills have definitely improved now that she has someone to cook for,” Becky explained.
“It is nice to get in the practice of cooking again,” Sam said.
“You’re an excellent cook, Sam,” Ricky said. “My compliments to the chef!”
“Thank you, handsome,” she said with a smile.
“Thanks for inviting me,” said Brian. “You know I love your lasagna. She makes it just like mom,” he said to everyone.
Dinner was a hit. When everyone was finished eating, Amanda helped Sam clear the plates. Sam then placed a stack of dessert plates on the table and handed out spoons.
“I can’t take credit for the pie,” she admitted. “I didn’t have time to make one homemade, so I stopped at Appleton’s Bakery. Their desserts are so good; they’re hard to pass up.” She put the apple pie on the table and then went to get the ice cream and serving utensils.
“I love their desserts,” Becky commented.
Sam gave Ricky a knife and he cut the pie. Then Sam served everyone a slice and they passed around the ice cream.
“Oh my gosh,” Malorie exclaimed after taking a bite. “This is so good! You have to give me their address, Sam.”
Sam giggled. “I will. You have to try their cheesecake.”
There was one slice left and Sam told Ricky to take it for lunch tomorrow. Completely satisfied, Sam received another round of kudos and compliments for a delicious meal. They all pitched in afterwards and cleared the table. Once they were done loading the dishwasher and putting away the leftovers, they took their coffee and wine into the living area.
“Seeing as this is the last time we get together before you leave,” Sam explained, “we thought we would all get you something for your trip.” There were some wrapped boxes beside the couch. Ricky had seen Malorie bring one in and put it with the others. Given the fact he didn’t know to bring one, he assumed they were for him.
Sam handed Ricky the first one, “This is from Dave and Amanda.”
“It’s actually for you and Sam,” Amanda corrected.
Ricky took the gift and unwrapped it. 
Inside were two new Apple iPad Air 2s with the universal cellular option. Ricky handed one to Sam and they both opened the boxes.
“Now you have no excuse to Facetime or Skype,” Amanda commented.
“My iPad is so slow,” Sam said.
“I know. That’s why we got you a new one. It’s really fast.”
“Thanks, sis,” Sam said looking at her. She hadn’t expected to get anything, but it made her feel good they would be able to communicate easier.
“Ricky, I think you can go through your cellular service to get access. You need to get a SIM card when you get to Japan.”
“Where exactly are you going to be in Japan?” asked Becky. 
“Up north, right?” Malorie asked.
“Yeah, it’s the northern tip of Japan,” Ricky explained.
“That’s why it’s nicknamed the “tip of the spear”,” Dave added. 
“Do we have any other bases there?” asked Brian.
“Yakota is near Tokyo,” Dave said. “Kadena is down south on the island of Okinawa. And then Misawa is on the north end of the main island. I think it’s about an hour’s flight from Tokyo.”
“Doesn’t sound like too bad of a place to be,” Malorie commented. “I’d like to go to Japan one day.”
“Well, I’d rather be here,” Ricky lamented. “When my commander called about needing someone to fill this slot, I really wanted to say no. He’s done a lot for me though; and being part of that unit has provided me all of the opportunities I enjoy today and gave me a chance to meet all of you.” 
“You get to fly again,” Dave said. “I think you’ll be glad you went when it’s all said and done. Don’t worry about Sam. We’ll make sure she’s okay. I think Becky and Amanda have stuff planned with her every day you’re gone.” 
That generated a laugh, which was good. The conversation was starting to get a little serious and Sam wanted it to be a fun time. “No more talk about the deployment,” Sam said. “Let’s just enjoy ourselves.” She handed Ricky another gift. “I think this one is from Malorie.”
“And Brian,” Malorie added, not wanting him to be left out.
Ricky opened it and found a new pair of Asics running shoes. “Oh, great,” Ricky exclaimed, “I needed a new pair.”
“I know. You told me,” Malorie said.
The girls laughed.
“Okay, here’s the next one. It’s from me,” Sam said.
Ricky opened it to find a Fitbit Blaze. “Wow, thanks Sam. These are great gifts.”
“It has smartphone notifications on it,” Sam said, “so you’ll know I’m trying to get hold of you if you’re working out.”
Dave laughed. “Technology’s getting too smart.”
Ricky sighed. “Well, I better not miss a call then,” he said.
“You netter not,” Sam said, squinting her eyes and pointing her finger at him. 
“There’s one more,” Becky said. “Open mine, Ricky.” Sam bent down and picked up her gift. She gave it to Ricky and he opened it. “Wow. It’s a hundred dollar gift card for iTunes. That’s a lot, Becky.”
“Well, I wanted to just get you a couple of dirty magazines and a bottle of lube, but Sam said no,” Becky replied.
Everybody started laughing. Becky’s brashness embarrassed Ricky. 
“Just kidding,” she said. “But you should be able to load up on music before you go. I know you like your music.”
“I do like my music, especially when I’m working out. This is really great,” Ricky said. “You guys are very thoughtful. Thanks.” He went around the room and hugged everyone.
“Well, I’ve got a little guy that needs me to put him to bed,” Becky said. “I think I’m going to take off now. Be careful, Ricky. We’ll see you when you get back,” she said as she gave him a hug.
“Thanks, Beck,” Ricky replied.
Malorie and Brian got up also. “We should get going also. We were going to go by Devlin’s and meet up with some of Brian’s friends.” They said their goodbyes; Malorie gave her brother an extra long hug and after a few double breaths, let him go. She wiped her eyes as Ricky put his arms around her and pulled her close. 
“We’ll be by from time to time to check on you, Sam. Let me know if you ever want to get together,” Malorie said.
“I will,” Sam replied, kind of choking up a little. “Thanks, Mal.”
Amanda gave Ricky a hug. “Take care, Ricky. Be safe, okay?”
“I will, Amanda. Don’t worry.”
“Okay, good night,” she said as she gave Sam a hug. 

֎֎֎֎֎

When everyone had left, Sam brought the glasses into the kitchen. She put them on the counter and went back to sit with Ricky. Sitting in his lap, she put her arms around his neck and kissed him. 
“I should go, Sam. You have to get up early tomorrow.” 
“I don’t want you to,” she said with a pouty look. 
Ricky smiled. “Not much time left before I go,” he said, reflecting. “You going to wait for me?”
Sam laughed. “Yeah, I’m going to wait for you.”
“You won’t run off with some Arab prince or European billionaire that owns a castle on the French Riviera?” 
“No on the Arab prince, maybe on the guy that owns a castle,” Sam said jokingly.
Ricky put his fingers in her sides and she started to laugh and wiggle around.
“STOP!” she yelled as she laughed. Ricky stopped and put his arms around her. She put her hands on his face and looked at him. “I love you, Ricky Jackson and I will wait for you.” Poking a finger in his chest, she continued, “Just make sure you come back to me.” 
“I promise I’ll come back to you, Samantha O’Dwyer,” he said looking into her dark brown eyes. 
“Stay here for a moment,” she said as she got up. 
She looked at him as she walked back to the bedroom. Pointing a finger at him, she said, “Don’t move!” and disappeared in the bedroom. 
Ricky looked at the time. He wished he had more of it. “Sam, I need to let you go to bed.”
“I’m going to bed,” she said as she came back. Wearing a short red satin V-neck slip nightdress with small straps over her shoulders, Ricky could see just about every inch of her silky white legs. Walking over to him and holding out her hand, she said, “Come on, cowboy. We need to get a lot of loving in before you leave. It’s going to have to last us a while.” She took him by the hand and led him to the bedroom.

֎֎֎֎֎

Staying busy was good because it gave them less time to think about the impending deployment. It also made time go by much quicker and before they knew it, Ricky was packing his bags. Neither of them said much as Ricky packed. Three months. But it was his last deployment and then he would be done with the military. 
Sam was glad he was getting out. She has no desire to see him deploy on a regular basis. She handed him some shirts lying next to her as he continued packing. He took them and placed them in the bag. Then he sat down next to her and gave her a hug. She hugged him back and didn’t let go for the longest time. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
“I’m going to miss you so much,” she said.
“I know,” he replied, as he sat back so he could look at her. He wiped the tears away and ran his fingers through her hair as he pulled it back behind her ears. “I’m going to miss you too, Sam. I hate having to be away from you. I’ll call you or Facetime every day, I promise. Before you know it, I’ll be back and we’ll be together again.”
“Promise?”
“Yes.” He kissed her and then hugged her again. She sat in his arms and closed her eyes, hoping he would be safe and come back to her. She knew he had faced dangers before and what he was doing was dangerous. Just let him come home, she prayed.

֎֎֎֎֎

On Wednesday morning, it was time to go. Sam took him to the airport before work. They didn’t say much on the drive. When she pulled into the terminal, she put the car in park and sighed.
“I guess this it,” Sam said. “I’m going to miss you, cowboy.”
“I know, Sam. I’m going to miss you also. I’ll be counting down the days.”
He gave her a long hug. They got out of her car and he pulled his luggage to the curb. 
Standing there in each other’s arms, Sam couldn’t help but cry.
“I love you,” Ricky said.
“I love you, too. You better go,” she said as she patted his chest. Ricky kissed her and then picked up his luggage. He looked back as he entered the terminal. Sam was in her car, looking at him. She gave him a wave and then drove away.




XXIII

Before Ricky left, he did something that surprised everyone. To her delight, that little seed she had tried to plant had not gone unnoticed. Ricky picked up on it right away and it gave him an idea. He knew it would be hard for her, so he planned something special to help pass the time. On the day he left, he knew Sam had to work. 
Sam was thankful she had to work after dropping him off at the airport. She didn’t want to be alone. After making her rounds, Sam made her way to the break room for another cup of coffee. She needed it; sleep was a bit elusive last night. This separation was a new experience for her and she didn't like it. 
As she was walking down the hallway, Becky came out of the break room with her own cup of coffee. She had a big smile on her face. 
“What are you smiling about?” Sam asked with a laugh. 
“Looks like someone has an admirer,” Becky said as she walked by. 
Confused, Sam kept walking and went in the break room. There were a couple of nurses huddled around the table. On the center of the table was a beautiful bouquet of two dozen red roses, complemented by some fresh baby’s breath. The other nurses stepped away from the table as Sam approached. They both had sheepish grins as they looked at her. Sam looked at the card and saw her name on it. Pulling the envelope off the card holder, she opened it to read the message inside. It read: 
	
Sam,
I miss you already. Please look in my top
dresser drawer when you get home today.
				Love, Ricky
Sam could hardly wait to get home that afternoon. She didn't even go to her apartment. Carrying his key on her keychain, she went straight over and raced to his bedroom. Opening the drawer, she found a stack of letters with her name, a Service Flag and sticker. Sam sat down on his bed and opened the first letter. It read:

Hello, my love.
Today begins our journey. I hope our love for one
another only grows during this time apart. I have
planned a surprise for you every day to remind you 
how special you are. Because mail won't reach you 
for a week, I have left letters for the first week; they 
are numbered for each day. By the end of the week, 
you should be receiving my letters. I left a Service 
Flag for your apartment window and a sticker for 
your jeep. The roses are for day one. I hope they 
make you think of me as much as I will be thinking 
of you.
Take care, talk to you soon.
Love, Ricky

Holding his letter to her chest, she laid back on his bed. She couldn't believe the thought he put into this. Making her the envy of all the other nurses at work was a nice touch. She felt as giddy as a schoolgirl. She couldn't wait to find out what the surprise was tomorrow and that made her feel even more special. 
Feeling abandoned and alone only this morning, she now felt more secure and wanted than ever before. Ricky had treated her so well since they first met. He had built a level of trust she hadn’t had in a man since before her miscarriage. 

֎֎֎֎֎

When Sam woke up the next morning, she took her second letter and went to make some coffee. Opening the envelope while the Keurig was warming up, she found a letter with some movie and airline tickets. Looking quickly at the airline itinerary attached to the tickets, it was a flight from Boston to Ronald Reagan Washington Airport on Friday and a return home on Sunday. They had her name on them. 
Confused, Sam quickly unfolded the letter and read it.

Samantha,
If I understood your desire for letters, you probably 
are reading this as soon you wake up. So, good 
morning, baby. I wish I was waking up next to you. 
I hope to this weekend. I actually don’t leave for 
Japan until Sunday. I am out-processing, completing 
training and have a pre-deployment physical before I 
leave. If you can make it, I’d like you to join me 
tomorrow. Tickets are enclosed and I’ll pick you up 
at the airport. I also have movie tickets for tonight for 
you, Amanda and Becky. Have a wonderful day.
Love, Ricky

Sam couldn’t believe it. She thought he would be flying to Japan right away. What a surprise! And what a difference these letters made. She understood what her mom meant and why she had kept them. Picking her phone up, she dialed Ricky’s number. He picked up on the second ring.
“Hey, beautiful,” he said.
“You are so sneaky!” She said laughing. “I can’t believe I’m going to get to see you.”
“Can you make it?” he asked, knowing the answer.
“Can I make it? If I had known you weren’t leaving for Japan right away, I would have left with you yesterday!” 
Ricky laughed. “I would have liked that but you had to work and the surprise was worth it.”
“I’ll be on the flight,” she said laughing. “This is so wonderful!”
“I’ll have to work Saturday and I leave Sunday morning, but at least we’ll have a little time together.”
“I’ll take it. You’re so wonderful. And the movie tickets and flowers; I can’t believe you did all this.”
“I remember you talking about the letters your mom received. I got the hint.”
Sam laughed. “I was hoping I wasn’t too subtle.”
“You weren’t.”
She giggled. “I have to get ready for work. You make me so happy, Ricky. I love you.”
“Love you too, baby. Talk to you later.”

֎֎֎֎֎

At work, Sam ran into Becky. 
“I’m going to see Ricky this weekend,” she almost yelled as she grabbed Becky’s arms. Becky laughed.
“I know. I’m supposed to take you to the movies tonight.”
Sam gave her a puzzled look. “How did you know that?”
“Ricky told me before he left. He has the next three months all planned out.” 
“What do you mean?” Sam asked.
“We’re supposed to keep you busy to take your mind off of him being gone. He doesn’t want you to be sad and lonely. Your letters will tell you what’s planned and with who. I can’t tell you anymore than that.”
Sam was incredulous. He had planned things with her family and Becky for the next three months? Her head was swimming. How amazing was he?
After work, Amanda and Becky picked up Sam and took her to the movies. They went to see La La Land. Amanda admitted she knew about the letters and that there would be days when she would do things with her. It would all be in the letters; that’s all she would say.

֎֎֎֎֎
Friday morning, Sam could hardly contain herself. She opened her letter and found a Hallmark card inside. She read it.

Hey beautiful,
I’m looking forward to seeing you. I can’t wait 
to spend the weekend together. You are an 
amazing woman and I am so lucky to know you 
and have you in my life. 
I love you so much, Ricky

She had to work her shift in the morning but she was able to get a friend cover her afternoon. Leaving by lunch, Sam raced to the apartment and packed an overnight bag. The flight was mid-afternoon and she got there in plenty of time. Waiting to board and taxi away from the gate seemed to take forever, but soon they were underway. The one good thing about the flight was it was short. Before she knew it, they were descending to land.
Ricky was outside as promised. Standing by the car as she came running out, he held his arms wide as she jumped into them. Kissing her as she wrapped her legs around him, they drew some stares at the public display of attention. Sam didn’t care. She was just thankful to have this moment.
Jumping in the car, they drove away from the airport.
“I’m so happy to see you, honey,” she said. “This is an incredible surprise. And what is this with Becky and my family? Did you plan stuff for all of us?”
“It’s all in the letters. Just open on the day you’re supposed to. No cheating.”
Sam laughed. “I promise. Are we going on base?”
“No, I’ll be busy with out-processing tomorrow and I don’t want you stuck on base. We’re off base at a hotel with a spa so you can do some spa time while I’m working.”
“Ooh, I like the way you think,” she said giggling. 
“It’s also in Old Town Alexandria. If the weather is not too bad, you can walk around and see the shops. I think it may be raining tomorrow though.”
They drove to the Kimpton Lorien Hotel and Spa and checked in. Ricky had checked out of his quarters on base already and he was using a government car from the motor pool to get around. With a shuttle to take her to the airport Sunday, they didn’t have to worry about any of the logistics. It was just hotel time together for as long as the weekend would give them.
The room was on the fourth floor with a great view of Old Town. There was a living room and furnished terrace outside to enjoy the view. Sam particularly liked the spacious claw-foot bathtub in the bathroom.
Ricky was still in his flightsuit, so he changed while Sam freshened up and then they went down to the dining room for dinner. They were able to sit in the Independence Room, a posh and intimate dining area. The European inspired cuisine was prepared by Executive Chef Sebastien Rondier. His passion for the culinary arts was on full display with the five-course Chef’s Tasting Menu. 
The dinner began with Maine lobster and coconut gazpacho, accompanied by a sparkling Reisling. Next was a seared Hudson Valley foie gras. Poached halibut followed, along with roasted rack of lamb. The culinary experience culminated with Rose of Summer, a fig, plum, puff pastry topped with frozen yogurt Madeira. It was a good size meal and they were thankful they decided to split it. When they were done, Ricky ordered a bottle of the Reisling to take to the room.
Back in the room, they lay in bed together and hoped their stomachs would forgive them. Sam laughed at Ricky as he put his hands on his stomach. It was a delicious meal but hey definitely indulged. Sam eventually got up and went to draw a bath. Ricky could hear her humming in the bathroom. It was a nice sound. He was so happy she was there. One last chance to be together before his call to duty. He heard the water turn off. Sam came to the doorway with a towel wrapped around her. Standing in the doorway, she let the towel fall to the floor as she raised an arm and put her hand against the door frame.
“There’s room for two,” she said. 

֎֎֎֎֎

When Sam woke the next morning, Ricky had already left. She felt bad he had to get up so early. I probably shouldn’t have kept him up so late, she thought.  There was a note by the bed. It said, Open your letter. Love you.
Sam got up and pulled the letter out of her overnight bag. It said:

Good morning baby,
Enjoy your day. The spa reservation is at ten. I 
may be able to get away for lunch but if not, 
enjoy the afternoon in Old Town. I’ll see you 
this afternoon. Can’t wait to be with you.
Love, Ricky

The spa was amazing. Ricky had booked her for the Ultimate Zen Body Experience, an eighty minute trip to Paradise. The package included a full body scrub, a warm wrap and a scalp and foot massage. She picked some aromas for her spa time and melted into the table as the masseuse’s hands melded her into a relaxing state of euphoria.
Ricky was not able to make it for lunch. He called her after her spa appointment, so she braved the misty rain and walked around Old Town. A little sandwich shop a block away was perfect for lunch. Afterwards, she visited the shops in the area. As the weather started to look a little more ominous, Sam returned to the hotel. Lying down on the couch, she fell asleep. Seeming like only a few minutes later, she was awaked by Ricky’s lips kissing her. 
“Mmm,” she said. “You’re back.” She put her arms around him.
“We finished early. I have an early report time tomorrow, so they let me go for crew rest.”
“I was dreaming. We had run away to a remote island. All I wore was Palm leaves.” They laughed. 
“What was I wearing?” Ricky asked.
“Nothing.” She said as she kissed him.
“That doesn’t sound fair,” he said as he tickled her sides. 
Laughing and squirming, she begged him to stop. He sat up next to her. “How was the spa?”
“Amazing. Thanks for doing that. I walked around Old Town for awhile. That was nice.”
“You hungry?” he asked. “I want to eat and go to bed early.”
“Mmm, that sounds good,” she said.
Ricky shook his head. “I have to get some sleep tonight, Sam,” he warned her.
“Don’t worry, I’ll let you sleep a little,” she said giggling.
“You’re in a good mood.”
She knelt up next to him. Pushing him down on the couch, she lay on top of him. “I have you to thank for that. I really am glad I got this weekend.”
“Me too. I love you.”
She kissed him. “I love you too.” As she unzipped his flightsuit, she said, “You know, dreaming about you naked on an island….”

֎֎֎֎֎

They decided on Japanese for dinner. It seemed appropriate. Nasime Japanese Restaurant was just down the street. The restaurant was small but had a great atmosphere. They ordered some Sake and once again, ordered a five-course dinner, except they ordered for two. It was a perfect sampling of Japanese food. The Duck Matsutake was a delicious appetizer. Ricky enjoyed the sashimi; Sam favored the crab noodle soup. They finished with some ice cream and went back to the hotel.
Knowing how tired Ricky was and the long days ahead of him, they went to bed early and lay naked in each other’s arms while talking about the deployment.
“So you will really be in Japan for about two and a half months, with travel and processing on either side.”
“Yeah. I’m there through the third week of February and then make the reverse trip home.”
“You stop along the way?”
“I fly to March Air Reserve Base tomorrow, that’s just east of LA. Hawaii the next day and Japan the day after that.”
“Locations aren’t bad. I’m glad. I would have hated you going to the Middle East.”
“So would I. This is tolerable. Just being away from you will be hard.”
Running her fingers over his cheek, she looked at him. “You’ll miss me?”
“Very much. My heart ache’s thinking about it.”
“So, what happens when you come back?”
“I don’t want to give anything away. You’ll have to wait and see. But a lot will be revealed in the letters.”
“I love your letters.”
“Some aren’t that long,’ he admitted.
“They’re perfect. I appreciate everything you planned. I can’t believe my family is in on it.” Sitting up, she pushed a little. 
“Can I have something more?”
“You don’t want to wait?” Ricky said playfully.
Sam laughed and hit his arm. “Please, Ricky.”
He sat up and turned on the lamp. “I love seeing you naked,” he commented.
She laughed as she pulled up the sheet. “You’re stalling!”
Sliding his hand under her pillow, he pulled out a ring box and gave it to her. “I was going to give you this in the morning. Since you asked so nicely, you can have it tonight.”
Sam was shocked. She took the box and slowly opened it. Inside was an elegant bezel Aquamarine gemstone bridge pre-engagement ring. Set in eighteen carat white gold were twenty round aquamarine gemstones with a half carat center diamond. 
“It’s beautiful,” she said softly.
“I hope you like it. I used one of your other rings to size it,” he said as he took it out of the box and slid it on her finger.
“I love it,” she said looking at him.
“It’s a pre-engagement ring, Sam.” 
“So, you want to marry me?” she said as she kissed him.
“One day. But don’t make me give anymore away. I want a little surprise left for when I get back.” 
Sam just sat there and looked at the ring. Tears were running down her cheeks. “You’re the first guy that’s really wanted to marry me.”
“That has nothing to do with you, Sam. It’s just the way life worked out. You’re so beautiful, so fun to be with. Your personality, humor, charm, compassion; you are a complete package. I love everything about you. You’re always smiling. That’s the first thing I noticed when I saw you; your smile. Then I noticed you were a real knockout.” Sam laughed. “Maybe it was just fate. You had to wait for me. I’m glad it worked out that way. Sorry you had to wait.”
Sam knelt up and put her arms around him. “You were worth the wait,” she said.

֎֎֎֎֎

Early in the morning, Ricky woke Sam. He had to leave. She gave him a long hug. “I’m going to miss you. I love you.”
“Love you too, Sam. Remember, no cheating with the letters.” 
She laughed. “I promise. Call me tonight?”
“I plan to talk to you every day. It won’t be so bad. The time will go quick, trust me. Then I’ll be back and we’ll start making some plans,” he said with a wink. 
Sam laughed. “Okay. Be safe.” 
“I will. Love you,” he said as he walked out the door.
“Love you too, baby.” 
Sam slept for a little longer until her alarm went off. Jumping in the shower, she quickly got ready for her flight home. It was hard to concentrate on what she was doing because she couldn’t stop looking at her ring. It was so beautiful; and lined with her birthstone. He thought of everything.
Waiting until the flight home, Sam took out her letter once she was onboard the plane. She opened the envelope and took out the letter.

Sam,
I know I had wonderful time with you this 
weekend. I always have a good time when 
I’m with you. It’s why I want to be with you 
forever. You’re my soul mate; my everything. 
You know me like no other. I love how giving 
you are; I love how strong you are. You’re the 
most confident woman I’ve ever known. I look 
forward to my return to your arms. Counting 
the days.
					Love, Ricky
P.S. Today’s surprise is at your parent’s house.

֎֎֎֎֎

Sam went straight to her parent’s house when she arrived in Boston. She was nonchalant about the ring and waited for someone to notice. Sitting at the kitchen table, she asked if Ricky had sent anything.
“He sent us a blueberry and cherry cheesecake from Appleton’s,” said her mom.
“Yay!” Sam said.
“What’s that on your finger?” Amanda asked.
Her mom turned around and Dave looked in the kitchen. Walking over, he held up her hand and saw the ring.
“You have something to tell us?” Dave said knowingly.
“It’s a pre-engagement ring. Ricky gave it to me this weekend.”
Smiling, Amanda stood up and ran over to Sam. Hugging her, she started to cry. “I’m so happy for you. I was hoping it would happen.” Looking at Dave suspiciously, she said, “Did you know?”
Dave just put his hands in the air. “You know what he said.” 
“Read the letters,” Sam and Amanda said at the same time. Laughing they hugged each other again. Laura came over and gave Sam a hug. “Congratulations,” she said as she rubbed the side of her head. “We’re very happy for you.” 
“I like that Ricky fellow,” Frank said as he came in to look at the ring. “You got yourself a good one, Sam.”
“Thanks, pop,” she said as he hugged her from behind.
“Well, Laura, I guess we have another wedding to plan for,” Frank said with some dread.
The girls laughed as Laura rubbed his arm. “Why don’t you go sit back down and I’ll bring you a slice of cheesecake.”
Laura went to work calming her husband as the girls giggled and talked about Sam’s wedding plans. 













XXIV

Sam got a call later that night from Ricky. He had made it to March Reserve Base in California. She told him about showing her ring off and how much her family liked him. He sounded tired and she didn’t want to keep him up. Thanking him for the call, she told him to go to bed and get some rest. 
For the next few days, Sam read Ricky’s letters and received a variety of surprises to keep her spirits up. At work on Monday, an Edible Arrangements was delivered that was the envy of everyone on her rotation. When Ricky called her from Hickam Air Force Base in Hawaii, she told him how big of a hit it was and that she had shared the basket with all the girls at work. 
Ricky loved the attention she was getting from the gifts he planned for her. He could tell in her voice how much they meant and the brightness they shone on her day. The next day, when he arrived at Misawa Air Base, she was receiving another assortment of flowers at work. It made her feel special and kept her from getting down. With any luck, she’d be so busy thinking about the letters and what was coming next, she wouldn’t have time to feel sad or alone. That was the plan. 
On Wednesday, he planned dinner with Brian and Malorie. On Thursday, she had lunch with her mom. And on Friday, she went to the movies with Becky and her whole family. What she really cherished with his planning was the opportunity he had set up to enjoy her family and make great memories during this time with them. 
The weekends were great. For Saturday, Ricky planned something with Becky and Ethan. His letter contained tickets to the zoo. The following Saturday, it was tickets to the Aquarium. Both were a real hit with Becky’s son and they loved watching him get excited about all of the animals and fish. 
“Remind me to thank that boyfriend of yours for including Ethan in his plans. I love him for that,” she said. 
Sam smiled. “It’s been nice, Beck. Having time with you and Ethan. I love that he did it also.”
The next day was an even greater surprise. She had tickets to the New England Patriots game with her dad. She had never seen her dad get so excited about anything. The whole experience was a flashback for her when she was small and they would go to the Red Sox games. They hadn’t been to a game in a very long time.
The first week seemed to go by in a blur. Talking to Ricky on Skype, she commented on how much easier he had made it for her. “How did you afford all of this though, Ricky? You’re spending too much on me.”
“It’s not costing me anything actually. I’m doing some work for Bain Capital while I’m here so they’re still paying me. Which means whatever I’m making with the military is free money to spend on you.”
“It’s not free though, Ricky. You have to work and sacrifice for it.”
“You’re having to sacrifice also, Sam. It’s always the family back home that makes the biggest sacrifice. And I like doing it for you. It makes you happy and that makes me happy.”
His thoughtfulness continued into the next week; flowers on Monday, a get together with friends for dinner on Tuesday, pizza with Brian on Wednesday. 
On Thursday, she enjoyed Mediterranean takeout with Amanda. They sat on the couch after they ate and talked more about being married. She also opened up about the deployment experience. 
“This deployment has been hard,” she admitted. “It’s definitely been a real eye-opener. It makes me appreciate all of the military families that endure these long separations on a regular basis. I don’t remember dad having to deploy for long periods of time. Mom reminded me of his temporary duty assignments, but said they were typically less than three weeks. That pales in comparison to this. Do you remember dad deploying?”
“Kind of,” Amanda said. “It wasn’t as long as this. I couldn’t imagine dad going for that long. Mom would have hated it. But she’s a real trooper; she would have handled it. That’s all you can do, I guess. Just deal with it and hopefully it goes by quick.”
“You know the funny thing is I think it's actually been good for us. Our relationship is stronger for it. A lot of that has to do with Ricky and the way he planned the little surprises and letters. I wake up excited about them. I love him so much for that. It was incredibly thoughtful and I am so lucky to have him in my life. All I want to do now is be his wife.” 
“I hope that’s in the near future,” Amanda admitted. “You two are great together. I know Ricky loves you. You’re the best thing that could have happened to him.”
“He’s the best thing that could have happened to me.”

֎֎֎֎֎

On Friday, Sam went out to dinner with her parents. They continued with Ricky’s instructions in his letters and included everyone at times or just one at a time. She liked both but spending time individually was really special. She hadn’t just gone out with her mom or dad in a long time. It was much more intimate sharing some time with them alone. 
Sunday was family day again. Ricky sent a really big surprise when he had Maine lobster delivered for a lobster boil. 
“You know, at the rate Ricky’s going,” Dave commented, “your dad’s going to adopt him before he becomes his son-in-law.” That brought laughter from everyone. Even Frank had to smile. “I wouldn’t count that out,” he replied.
Monday morning, Sam received another lovely bouquet of flowers. Tuesday marked three weeks. She opened her letter that morning and read it while she drank her coffee.

Sam,
We’ve made it three weeks. Almost a third of the 
way there! I hope it has gone by quickly for you. 
I’m sure Becky, Malorie and your family are doing 
their part to keep you preoccupied. I want you to 
know I can’t stop thinking about you. I think I love 
you more now than I did before I left, if that’s 
possible. You’re very special to me and to prove 
it, I have left you something to show you how 
special you are. Please look in my bottom dresser 
drawer. 
I love you very much, Ricky 

Sam felt as giddy as a school girl again. She got ready for work and stopped by his apartment on the way out. Looking in his dresser, she found a jewelry box. Inside was a pair of diamond earrings. Sam could hardly contain herself. Pulling one out at a time, she looked in the mirror as she put them in her ears. 
They were stunning. The one carat diamonds were set in fourteen carat white gold wire basket mounts. The diamonds really sparkled. Sam was smiling from ear to ear. She went to work and was the envy of all the nurses as she made sure she gave everyone a chance to notice the beautiful diamonds on her ears.
When she got home, she called Ricky. It was early in the morning in Japan and he sounded like he had been asleep when he answered. 
“Guess what I’m wearing?” she said.
“Earrings?” he answered. 
“Good guess. What else am I wearing?” she asked seductively.
Ricky sat up. He was awake now. “What?”
“Take a look on Snapchat. Don’t show that to anyone. Thanks for the earrings. I love you.” She hung up and Ricky fumbled with his phone as he tried to open the Snapchat App. He saw there was a picture waiting to be viewed. When he opened it, he saw a picture of Sam. She was kneeling in front of her mirror with a hand behind one ear to show off the diamond studs. They were all she was wearing. 
֎֎֎֎֎

As time went by, Sam coped as best she could. She missed Ricky so much and longed for his return. Some days were fleeting; others seemed to never end. Work kept her preoccupied. She even pulled some extra shifts just so she could stay busy. With Ricky trying to Skype Sam every day though, it sometimes interfered with his calls. Once she got used to the time difference, however, she started to align her schedule with his. 
If their schedules didn’t work, he would leave her messages on Instagram and Snapchat. In the morning, she would also check Skype or Instagram before going to work to find he had left her a message saying he was thinking about her and loved her. Those messages were a real boost for Sam. They helped her endure the separation.
Sam’s family helped pass the time also. Amanda kept her company and they would go out with Becky and Malorie. Sam spent a lot of time with Becky. She would spend the night with her and Ethan. Her little boy was a great distraction but he reminded her of the miscarriage and the possibility she might not be able to have children. The fact she had not confided in Ricky made her feel guilty. At some point she was going to have to tell him. She didn’t want to do it while he was deployed though. It would have to wait until he returned home.
Sam really enjoyed time with her parents. Going to church with them and spending the afternoon at their house was quality time. Brian made an appearance occasionally and sometimes even brought Malorie. Sam even began calling Ricky’s parents to update them on how he was doing. While all of this helped, it was the planning Ricky made before he left that meant so much to her. 
The effort he put into making her feel special and appreciated made Sam love him more each day. What might have been a real strain on their relationship turned into an opportunity to show how they truly felt about each other. It was a test of their commitment and love and it made them appreciate each other even more.
֎֎֎֎֎

One weekday afternoon as the deployment was finally nearing an end, they had gotten together for a family dinner. Everyone was there except Dave. He was supposed to come late because he was held up at work. 
While they were visiting in the kitchen, the doorbell rang. Frank turned in his recliner to see if any of them were making their way towards the door. They weren’t. He grudgingly got up and went to answer the door himself. Surprisingly, it was Dave.
“Didn’t expect you so early. Thought you were going to be late,” he said as he held the door open. 
Dave didn’t respond right away. He had a distressed look on his face.
“I know. Is Sam here?”
“Yeah, she’s in the kitchen. What’s wrong?”
Dave looked at Frank as if to say something and then walked past him into the kitchen.
“Hey stranger,” said Amanda, getting up to give him a kiss. “You got done early!”
She moved towards him but then stopped. “What’s wrong?” She could tell by his expression something was wrong. He wasn’t supposed to be here this early and he had a horrible look on his face.
Sam turned in her chair and looked up at Dave. Frank had followed Dave in and was standing next to him.
“I just got a call from a Ricky’s commander...” He paused, trying to maintain his composure. “Ricky’s plane went down.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The deployment to Misawa Air Base culminated with participating in a Joint Exercise with the Japanese Air Force. As part of the Security Alliance, the two nations regularly held military exercises to test their combat readiness. It was his last week of the deployment. It was also his last week of flying the “Viper”. 
The F-16 Flying Falcon, or Viper, as some call it, is a work horse for the Air Force. The Active Duty flies it, and so do the Reserves and Guard. Twenty-five other nations procured it to serve in their Air Forces as well. Because of its versatility and multirole capability as a supersonic fighter, it is the most widely used aircraft in service and the designated aircraft for the Air Force aerial demonstration team, The Thunderbirds. 
Ricky’s unit, the “Capital Guardians”, had been flying F-16s now for fifteen years. Before that, it was the F-4. The Viper was a thrill to fly. The maneuverability and acceleration always got Ricky’s heart racing. He was considered his squadron’s best pilot. He could finesse the controls like a brain surgeon in action. The fly-by-wire flight control system made inputs from the side-mounted control stick extremely sensitive. You hardly had to move it to make an aggressive change in pitch or bank, such was the responsiveness.
Returning to base from an early morning mission over the Pacific, Ricky took a moment to enjoy the sunrise. He was nearing the coast line when the plane started to vibrate. Looking at his engine gauges, he could see all of the pointers fluctuating. There was plenty of fuel. It was either a problem with the flight controls or the engine. Sensing it might be the engine, he reduced the power to idle and looked at the gauges. They were still fluctuating but not as bad. Not wanting to take any chances, he made a radio call to air traffic control.
“Misawa Control, this is Viper 63.”
“Go ahead, Viper 63,” the American Air Force controller responded. 
“Be advised, I am experiencing some engine vibration and request direct vectors to Misawa Air Base.”
“Roger, Viper 63. Turn left, heading 340 and descend to flight level 230.”
“Heading 340 and descend to 230, Viper 63.”
“Viper 63, are you declaring an emergency at this time?”
“Negative.”
Ricky continued to fly on reduced power. Because he was in a descent, he did not have to advance the throttle much. As he started to level off at his assigned altitude, he slowly advanced the throttle. No sooner had he advanced it, the engine vibration began to noticeably increase. It was significantly worse than before. The fluctuations on the gauges were now spiking up and down. 
“Misawa Control, this is Viper 63. I’m declaring an emergency at this time.”
“Roger, Viper 63. Say fuel remaining.”
It was hard to read the gauges with the indications so erratic. Ricky knew based on what his fuel readings had been, he had about forty-five minutes of fuel left. As he was relaying that information to the controller, there was a loud explosion behind him. All of a sudden, he had multiple indications on the right side of his glare shield. The engine fire, hydraulic low and oil pressure low lights all illuminated. He wasn’t sure the extent of the damage, but his engine instruments confirmed his engine had catastrophically failed.
Because the aircraft was fly-by-wire, the loss of the single engine meant you lost control of the aircraft. For this reason, General Dynamics had designed a backup system, the Emergency Power Unit, to provide electrical and hydraulic power for several minutes. Ricky immediately switched on the EPU. He had lost propulsion but still had control of the aircraft.
“Mayday, Mayday, Mayday, this is Viper 63 emergency. I just lost my engine.”
“Roger Viper 63,” the controller said with noticeable concern. “Can you make it back to base?”
“Affirmative. I have enough altitude to glide in and my backup systems are operational.”
Ricky could now see the town of Misawa and the air base just beyond it. This approach would require all of his skill and a little luck. He would continue to trade altitude for airspeed and glide to a final approach. Once landing was assured, he would lower the gear.
“Viper 63, be advised ARFF has been advised and is standing by.”
“Viper 63 copies.” He hoped he wouldn’t need the Aircraft Rescue and Fire Fighting equipment, but if he did, it was comforting to know they would be on him quicker than a cheetah on an injured gazelle.
He was now at about five thousand feet and approaching the southern edge of town. Without warning, he heard another loud bang and his flight controls became sluggish. He looked down to see his EPU status light was out. He had lost his backup power and now relied on the hydraulic accumulators and what was left of the battery life. It wasn’t enough. Ricky wouldn’t take a chance of flying over the town with an aircraft he could lose control of any minute. The aircraft would crash and possibly kill innocent civilians on the ground. 
“Misawa Control, Viper 63 emergency. I’ve just lost my backup power and will not make it to base. Be advised I am turning east and ditching. Mark my position.”
“Viper 63, search and rescue is being notified. Godspeed.”
Ricky turned the aircraft east with the accumulator pressure he had left so that it was pointing out over the Pacific. Once he was sure he was clear of the coast, he tucked his legs and elbows in and pulled the ejection handle between his knees. Air Traffic Control lost radar contact with Viper 63 moments later.

֎֎֎֎֎

Everyone was horrified at the news. Malorie just sat there, stoic. The shock of that statement seemed to paralyze her. She couldn’t move; she didn’t want to move.
“Is he dead?” Sam asked morosely.
“No, Sam. I mean I don’t know. He ditched his plane off the coast and made a distress call. They are pretty sure he got out; the question is did he survive the ejection and will they rescue him in time if he is out in the ocean.”
Sam stood up and walked out of the kitchen. Nobody tried to stop her. She walked outside and collapsed in the yard, crying.
Amanda followed her and when she saw her fall to the ground, she rushed outside and went to cradle her sister. Picking her head up so she could lie in her lap, Amanda just held her while she sobbed uncontrollably. Laura came outside and knelt by the two of them.
“Don’t give up hope, Sam,” she said. “He’s a good man and a good pilot. You have to think positively and pray he’s okay.” 
Sam rolled on her side. Amanda brushed her hair out of her face. 
“Just when everything was looking so good in my life,” she cried. “I can’t take any more pain and heartache. It’s so unbearable.”
Back inside, Dave repeated what he had been told. On his arrival, he lost his engine and then his backup system failed. Knowing he would not make the runway, he didn’t want to chance crashing into the town of Misawa. He turned the aircraft out over the water and then ejected once safely away from the coast.
“Are you keeping in contact with someone, Dave?” Malorie asked.
“Jake Coleman is the commander and he called me as soon as they notified him. He said he would call the moment he received any news.”
Fighting back tears, Malorie excused herself to call her parents. Brian went with her into the living room. Dave sat down next to Frank and waited for news.

֎֎֎֎֎

Off the coast of Japan, a search and rescue effort had immediately begun. The United States Navy launched two Sikorsky HH-60 Seahawk search and rescue helicopters. The Seahawks were twin engine, multi-mission helicopters and played a pivotal role in search and rescue operations. They were equipped with a hoist, which could lower a rescue basket to the water.
The Japanese Coast Guard also deployed assets. They had a Shikishima Class PLH31, a large patrol ship with a helicopter on board, in the area. It cruised in the direction of the last known coordinates and began a search grid. As the largest patrol ship in the world, the PLH significantly bolstered the search and rescue operation. The helicopter took off from the helipad as they neared the search area. With all assets working to rescue the downed pilot, it soon became a waiting game. They didn’t have long to wait. 

֎֎֎֎֎

The ACES II ejection seat is designed for pilot survival. Although capable of ejecting a pilot safely from an aircraft on the ground, it does subject them to extreme gravitational, or g, forces. The g-force can cause significant injury or death if an ejection is attempted when the pilot is not ready. In this case, Ricky knew exactly what he wanted to do. There was no hesitation and because of his deliberate execution, he had mentally prepared himself for the proper posture when pulling the handle. 
The ejection system works in two stages. Once the handle is pulled, the canopy is jettisoned from the F-16. The seat and pilot are then propelled out of the aircraft by an explosive charge. Once clear of the aircraft, the pilot separates from the seat and an emergency beacon is activated. The GPS coordinates emitted provide rescue teams the location within one hundred meters.
Ricky’s ejection worked just as advertised. Although the initial g-force felt like it would crush his spine, the effect was momentary and before he knew it, he was floating down to the water under a full canopy. Once he went into the water, Ricky quickly swam away so he wouldn’t get entangled in the suspension lines. 
After pulling the rings to release the canopy, Ricky inflated his life vest and made sure the beacon in his survival vest had been activated. He then checked himself over, moving his hands and feet, to ensure he had not sustained any injuries. Confident he had survived the harrowing ordeal, he now had to wait for search and rescue. He hoped the wait would not be long.

֎֎֎֎֎

Once the Japanese helicopter picked up the beacon, the pilot turned in the direction of the coordinates. The crew scoured the ocean for signs of a survivor. Luckily, Ricky had released his container of green tracer dye right after checking himself over for injuries. The dye was part of his survival equipment kept in one of the survival vest pockets. It contrasts with the water remarkably well and is an excellent signaling device.
The helicopter radioed they had spotted a survivor and hovered over the area until a Seahawk came on station. The SAR diver pushed off from the helicopter floor and fell into the water near Ricky. He swam over and checked on his condition. Giving a thumb up, he signaled for the basket to be lowered. Once they were both safely on board, the pilot thanked the Japanese crew for their assistance and turned on a course for Misawa Air Base. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Laura and Amanda were able to eventually bring Sam back into the house. She was so distraught, saying over and over again she didn’t want to live without him. The family gathered in the living room and tried to console Sam and Malorie. Feeling helpless, they waited for news.
A few hours later, Dave’s phone rang. Everyone’s attention turned to him as he looked at the screen and said, “It’s Jake!”
He answered the phone and listened for a brief moment before he exclaimed, “Ricky’s okay!” He stayed on the phone for a couple of minutes.
The feeling of elation was overwhelming. Relieved, they waited for Dave to finish his conversation. After he hung up, he relayed what he had been told.
“Search and rescue found him and they brought him to Misawa Air Base. He was not injured, just a little water logged.” Everyone started to laugh and then they turned and hugged each other. 
“Is there any chance I can talk to him?” Sam asked. 
“They took him to the hospital to check him over. He will have to debrief but as soon as he is done, Jake said he made sure they let him call as soon as he can.”
Sam and Malorie, crying, hugged each other. 
“I need to call my mom and dad,” Malorie finally said. She went into one of the bedrooms and called to let the family know the good news.
“My parents are so happy,” she laughed as she came back into the room. “They were really upset when I spoke to them earlier. That guy has really put us through the ringer,” she said testily.
“I think it’s time for him to settle into a nice, easy job when he gets home,” remarked Dave. 
“I’ll second that,” Sam chimed in.










XXV

It was close to midnight when Sam’s phone finally rang. Laura and Frank had gone to bed but everyone else was still up and had stayed at the house. 
Sam answered on the first ring.
“Ricky?”
“Hey, beautiful.”
Sam cried. “It’s so good to hear your voice,” she said in between sobs.
“It’s good to hear yours also, Sam.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah. My back’s a little sore but I wasn’t hurt. I get to come home early though.”
“Really?” she said excitedly.
“Thought you might like that. As soon as I’m medically cleared, they are sending me back to the states.”
“How long will that take?” Sam asked.
“Well, I’ll probably leave the hospital tomorrow. So, maybe tomorrow I catch a flight? Probably the next day.”
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” she said. “Malorie’s here. You want to talk to her?”
“I do,” Ricky answered.
Sam handed the phone to Malorie.
“You need to stop scaring us,” she said as she got on the phone.
“I’m planning on it,” he said calmly.
“Good. I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you,” she said as her voice cracked.
“I’m coming home for good in a couple of days, Mal.” 
“And then you’re done?”
“And then I’m done.”
“Okay. And you’re not hurt?”
“No Mal. I’ll be home in a couple of days, okay?”
“I’m so glad you’re okay,” she cried. Taking a moment to regain her composure, she took a deep breath. “I love you, Ricky. See you soon. Here’s Sam.”
She handed the phone back to Sam and went to Brian. They sat down on the couch and he wrapped his arms around her.
Sam got back on the phone. “Will you let me know when you leave?”
“I should know tomorrow; departure and arrival times. And I’ll be flying commercial, so I can get a ticket from Tokyo to Boston.”
Relieved, Sam sighed. “I’ll be waiting for you.”
“Can’t wait to see you, Sam. I love you.”
“I love you too, Ricky. Bye-bye.”
“Bye.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The doctors had completed a full physical before he was released and found him to be in remarkably good shape. He was lucky to have made it through the ejection unscathed. Before being released from the hospital, the base commander and mayor of Misawa came by to personally thank him for his courage. The mayor was especially grateful he had spared the residents of his town the catastrophe of a plane crashing into one of their neighborhoods. 
He went to his quarters that evening and packed his belongings. A staff sergeant came by and picked up most of his gear. Because he was travelling commercial, they coordinated to have his uniforms and equipment sent back on a military transport rotating back to the states. The two duffel bags would be picked up at Andrews Air Force Base by a member of his guard unit and held until his next trip to Andrews. 
Consequently, Ricky was able to travel light. He had a rolling carry-on and a backpack. The sergeant told him he would be by at six in the morning to drive him to Aomori Airport and, as expected, was punctual. They made the drive in less than an hour. Arriving before seven, it gave him plenty of time to clear security and get to his gate for an on time departure at nine.
The flight to Tokyo International Airport went as planned. It was a short hour and fifteen minutes before touching down in Tokyo. Once he landed, he turned on his phone and looked at the time. It was a little after ten at night, Boston time. The phone chimed and he saw there was a message. It was from Dave; he asked Ricky to call him when he got to Tokyo. Ricky didn’t have a lot of time, so he gave Sam a quick call first. 
She answered immediately.
“Hi,” she said softly.
“It’s good to hear your voice,” he said. “You in bed?”
“I’m lying on your sofa.”
Ricky chuckled. “Wish I was there with you.”
“So do I,” she replied. “I have your pillow and blanket. It’s as close as I could get to you.”
Ricky sighed. “I’ll be home soon, baby. It’ll be late when I arrive. We take off out of Tokyo at noon, which means I’ll get in about one in the morning. Should I get a cab?”
Sam laughed. “We’ll be there, don’t worry.”
“Who’s we?” he asked. 
“Malorie, my family and Dave,” she replied.
“They don’t need to come that late, Sam,” Ricky said, not wanting to put them out.
“They wouldn’t miss it. You just get on that plane and come home, okay?” she said.
“I will. Get some rest.”
“Okay, I love you. Good night,” Sam said affectionately.
“Love you too, beautiful. See you soon.”
Ricky deplaned and made his way to the next gate. They hadn’t started boarding yet, so he called Dave.
Dave answered on the third ring. “Ricky?”
“Hey man. I’m in Tokyo about to get on the plane home.”
“It’s good to hear your voice, buddy,” Dave said. “Listen, Amanda wants to talk to you.”
“Alright,” Ricky said awkwardly. “Everything alright?”
“Yeah, let me just put her on the phone.”
There was a delay for a few seconds before Amanda got on the phone.
“Hi, Ricky,” she said. “We can’t wait for you to get back.”
“Hi, Amanda,” Ricky replied. “Thanks.”
“I know your flight home’s about to leave.” She paused for a moment. “I wanted to talk to you.”
“About what?” he asked.
“Sam.”
Ricky got uncomfortable. He kind of suspected it had to do with Sam. It wasn’t typical for her to call him. 
“What’s up?” he asked.
“There was something that happened to her a long time ago that she hasn’t really shared with anyone. I think she’s going to tell you when you get home.”  
Amanda paused for a moment as she regained her composure. “I shouldn’t tell you this; Becky and my mom are the only other ones that know. Sam would probably kill me if she knew I broke her confidence…”
The anticipation was killing Ricky. He wasn’t sure what was coming but she made it seem like it was nothing short of mass murder. Still, he held his tongue and patiently waited for Amanda to finish.
“Sam had a miscarriage.” 
The news shocked him. He didn’t know she had been pregnant. As sad as it can be, miscarriages do happen though; so it seemed like maybe there was more to the story. “I didn’t know,” he replied.
“It happened right after college. She was dating someone and she hadn’t planned to get pregnant. It was an accident and when she decided to keep the baby, the guy split. She had just started her second trimester and was barely showing, when she started bleeding and lost the baby.” 
Amanda paused. Ricky was now feeling uncomfortable. He didn’t quite know why Amanda was confiding in him. Again, he waited for Amanda to say what she had to say.
“Because it was in the second trimester, they did a d&c procedure on her, which is a surgery to remove what’s in the uterus. They kind of screwed it up and she ended up getting an infection in her uterus. Between the procedure and infection, the doctors were worried there may be a lot of scarring on the uterine wall and told her she may not be able to get pregnant again.”
This was the news she was getting to. Ricky was numb. “Sam can’t have kids?” He was quiet for a moment. “I don’t know if you should be telling me this, Amanda. How am I supposed to react if she tells me?” he asked, feeling somewhat burdened now.
“After the miscarriage, Sam got really depressed. It devastated her. You know how she is with the kids in the hospital; she loves them. It just made her feel very inadequate and unworthy of anyone. I think it has a lot to do with all of the bad relationships she’s been in since then. The guys haven’t exactly been winners.”
“What am I supposed to do with this?” Ricky lamented. “You said she may not, not she can’t.” 
“I know,” Amanda agreed. “She may be able to have kids. But she took the news as definite. That’s what made the biopsy so bizarre. I would have expected her to be sure she had cancer. I think the difference in her mindset has to do with you. You’ve really been a comfort to her. I think you make her feel safe. Maybe it’s because you have dealt with loss also. I don’t know. But she definitely feels safe with you.”
Ricky tried to absorb everything Amanda had told him. It was a lot to process. “I’m still not sure why you confided in me. If Sam wants me to know, I’m sure she will tell me.”
“She will. Sam’s really struggled over it. She’s scared what you will do, what you will think. She doesn’t want to lose you but she will tell you. I just thought it might be better if you knew already. I don’t want you to get blindsided by news like that when you get home. What’s happening between you two is so nice. I think you guys are great together and I don’t want anything to mess it up.” 
Ricky appreciated her concern. She meant well. And she reminded Ricky a lot of Malorie, who was exactly the same. A bit overbearing; unquestionably motherly, but with the best possible intentions.
“That’s all I wanted to say,” Amanda continued. “Have a good flight home.”
“Thanks,” Ricky said slowly. “See you guys when I get there.”
“Okay, bye.”

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky felt bad for Sam after Amanda’s confession. He wasn’t sure how he should feel about her sharing that information. It was a private matter and she was betraying her sister’s trust by revealing this horrible secret.
At the same time, he understood and sympathized with Amanda’s concern. She genuinely cared for her sister and saw the potential for something that happened a long time ago ruining a relationship. She liked they were together and didn’t want anything messing up what they had. So she broke her sister’s confidence and shared a terrible moment in Sam’s life. It was messy and Ricky didn’t like the fact he was now in the middle of it.
He couldn’t say anything; if and when she did confide in him, would he have to act surprised? He couldn’t do that to her, he knew. It would be like lying to her. He decided he wouldn’t say anything and let Sam, if she wanted to tell him, do it in her own time. If she did, he would admit he knew but wanted to let her decide when she wanted to share her story.
 
֎֎֎֎֎

The flight was on time and thankfully, it went as scheduled. The flight home was long. He was able to upgrade his ticket, however, and that made the journey a little more bearable. On the flight, Ricky thought about returning home. He had made some decisions about changes he was going to make in his life and Amanda’s admission hadn’t changed that. It was going to be different, but without a doubt, he knew exactly what he wanted to do.

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky’s flight touched down a little before one in the morning. After clearing customs, he made his way out of the secure area. Standing outside the door was a black haired beauty his heart was aching to see. Sam was wearing a blue dress with white polka dots and white sandals. A white sweater was draped over her arm. She looked absolutely ravishing. As soon as she saw him, she ran over and jumped in his arms.
“Oh my God, I’m so happy to see you,” she said as she kissed him. Ricky held her as they embraced and then he slowly lowered her feet to the floor.
“It’s so good to see you,” he said as she laid her head against his chest. She looked up at him and kissed him again. 
“I’m so glad you’re home and safe. I love you so much.”
“I love you too, Sam. More than you know.”
“After all of those letters and gifts; sending me something every day you were gone? I know, believe me. I really do!”
He hugged her again.
“Do you have to go to baggage claim?” Sam asked as she took his hand and they started walking.
“No, they sent all my military gear on a transport to Andrews so I wouldn’t have to carry it. Doctors were worried about me straining my back. I’ll pick it up when I make my final trip to be discharged.”
“You’re okay?” Sam asked, worried.
“I’m okay,” he said reassuringly.
She put her arm around him. “Ready to go home then?” she asked.
“Definitely,” he replied emphatically.
They walked out to her jeep and Ricky put his suitcase in the back. Exiting the parking garage, Sam asked how the flight was as she drove him back to Garrison Square. They made small talk on the short drive home and eventually pulled into the apartment complex.
“This looks familiar,” Ricky said as she parked.
Sam laughed. “It hasn’t changed any. Just like you left it.”
Ricky took her hand as they walked back to his apartment. She unlocked his door for him and they went inside.
“My fish are still alive,” he exclaimed.
“Don’t be so surprised,” Sam said giggling.
Ricky turned to look at her as she closed the door. “You’re beautiful, Sam.”
She blushed as she put her hands behind her back.
“Hey, I thought you said everyone was coming to see me at the airport when I arrived?”
Sam’s expression changed and she put her hands on her hips.
“I did,” she said, “but I asked them to let me pick you up alone. We’ll see them tomorrow.”
Ricky sat on the sofa arm next to her. “Why?”
Sam hesitated. Suddenly she felt very small.
“I need to tell you something,” she said softly. “It’s something I should have told you a long time ago.” She was quiet for a moment. “I don’t want to tell you,” she said as tears ran down her cheeks, “because I don’t know what you’ll do. And that scares me because I don’t want to lose you.”
Ricky stood up and took her hands. “I know already,” he said calmly.
“What?” Sam asked, confused.
“Dave called me in Tokyo. Amanda told me.” 
“What did she tell you?” Sam asked, mortified.
“She told me about your miscarriage and what you’ve had to endure,” Ricky answered.
Sam just looked at him with a blank stare. She was floored and didn’t know what to think. She didn’t even know if she should be mad at Amanda or not.
“Amanda told you?” she asked as she tried to process it.
“Don’t be mad,” he said as he brushed her hair back with his hand. “I’ve known Dave and Amanda for a long time. They saw how you were agonizing over it and they wanted to make it easy for you. For us.”
“Are you mad?” she said, crossing her arms and looking down.
“No. I was sad, Sam.” 
“You were?” she said as she looked up at him surprised.
“Yeah, for what you’ve been through. I know what it’s like to lose someone.”
“And the fact that I didn’t tell you? “
“You just told me,” Ricky responded.
Sam rubbed her forehead and started to cry.
“And if I can’t have children?”
Ricky pulled her to him and held her.
“We don’t know if you can’t,” he said.
“I guess I am getting a little ahead of myself,” she said as she wiped her face. “We’re not even married.”
“I think your parents would appreciate it if we did it in that order.”
Sam giggled. “Yeah, you’re probably right.” He didn’t rule it out, she noticed.
Ricky got some tissues and wiped her face. “This doesn’t change how I feel about you. I still love you and I still want you in my life.”
Sam put her arms around him and held him tight. “It’s getting late. I should probably go.”
“Do you really want to leave?” Ricky asked.
“No,” she said. “I want to stay here with you.” 
“Then stay,” he said.
She gave him a long kiss. Ricky picked her up in his arms and carried her to the bedroom.

֎֎֎֎֎
The next day, Sam had planned a surprise welcome home party with friends and family at Devlin’s. After waking up in his arms the next morning, Sam got up and took a shower. She let him sleep, knowing he was off his sleep schedule because of jet lag. Leaving a note on the table, she snuck out and locked the door.
Sam finished getting ready at her apartment and then drove to her parent’s house. Amanda and Becky were already there. They asked her how everything went when she picked him up and she told them what happened. She also thanked Amanda for talking to Ricky. It made it so much easier for her; she was so glad to have it out in the open.
They went to work making final preparations. Brian and his band would play first and a DJ would take over about halfway through the party. Banners and decorations were ready and had to be hung. Frank and Dave had arranged for plenty of appetizers and desserts to be made for the guests. 
The girls drove over to Devlin’s to check with the owner and make sure they could come early to set up. It was early and the pub was still closed but Charlie was inside. Knocking on the door, they finally got his attention and he opened the door.
“Hi, Charlie,” said Sam.
“Ladies, you’re a little early,” he said.
“We just wanted to stop by and see if we can set up the decorations before the party,” said Becky.
“No problem,” he said. “Just come over when you want and we’ll make it work.”
“Thanks, Charlie,” said Sam. “Did my dad give you the food order?”
“That was a big order!” Charlie said emphatically. “I’m glad he gave it to me beforehand.” 
The girls laughed. “Okay,” said Amanda. “We’ll be back later.”
“You ladies got everything under control?”
“Yep,” Sam said confidently. “If you keep the food and drinks coming, we should have a great time.”
“Don’t worry,” Charlie said. “I stocked up for the party. I don’t plan on running out of anything.”
The girls said goodbye and went for lunch. Ricky hadn’t texted or called, so Sam assumed he was still asleep.
“You must have worn him out last night,” Becky said, amused.
Amanda laughed as Sam turned red. Laughing, she said, “He was sleeping like a baby when I left.” While at lunch, Ricky finally texted her. Replying, she said she was running errands and would be back soon. He asked her if she would bring him something to eat and she said yes.
“Looks like he’s awake,” Sam said as she put her phone away.  “I need to order him some food.” She asked for a menu and ordered a chicken wrap to go. When the waiter brought his food, they paid for lunch and drove back to the house. Sam told them she would see them later and drove back to Ricky’s apartment.
When she arrived, she unlocked the door and let herself in. Putting his lunch on the table, she went to check on him. She heard the shower running as she walked into his bedroom and saw him standing under the steamy water. Taking her clothes off, she pulled the curtain back and said, “Mind if I join you?”

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky ate his lunch as Sam finished drying off. When she was dressed again, she went over to the table where he was sitting. She put her arms around him as she leaned against him. Kissing his cheek, she said, “Malorie’s coming over. She should be here soon.”
“Really? Hey, that’s great,” he said as he finished his wrap. He threw the trash away and grabbed a bottle of water out of the fridge. Noticing Sam had put her dress back on, Ricky asked if she was going somewhere. 
“We’re having a welcome home party for you tonight at Devlin’s. I need to help my parents with some stuff at the house and if I’m done soon enough, I’ll come get you. Otherwise, Malorie will bring you.” She had no intention of coming back. She would be waiting at Devlin’s, along with everyone else, when Malorie brought him.
“Who’s we?” Ricky asked with curiosity.
“My family, Dave, Malorie, and Becky,” she said nonchalantly, omitting their friends from work on purpose. She didn’t want to give it all away, so she made it seem like it was a small get together.
“That’s all?” he asked suspiciously.
Sam laughed as she leaned against him and rubbed his chest. “Stop being so paranoid,” she said.
“What time are we going to Devlin’s?”
“About six?” she said with a hint of uncertainty to try and disguise the surprise.
“Sounds fishy,” Ricky observed.
Sam giggled. She was saved by a knock on the door. It was Malorie.
“Hey, Malorie,” he said, walking over to her.
Malorie was so happy to see him. She got a little teary eyed as she hugged him. “I’m so glad you’re okay,” she said. 
Ricky looked at Sam as he put his arms around his sister. Sam felt a little guilty she made her wait this long. Malorie was understanding though and insisted they have some time together. He held her as Sam blew him a kiss and snuck out the door. 
“Come on,” he said, “let’s go sit down.” He led her over to the sofa and they sat next to each other. “Want something to drink?”
“No,” she said, wiping her eyes. “I’ll get something later. Are you okay?” she asked concerned.
“I’m okay, Mal. I wasn’t hurt in the ejection and I wasn’t in the water long.”
“You’ve got to stop giving us a heart attack,” she said sternly.
Ricky laughed. “I’m out next month, so no more living dangerously.”
Malorie sat back in the cushions. “Sam really missed you.”
“I missed her,” he said. “I missed everybody; you too.”
“Thanks for keeping in touch. It made the time go by quicker. I can’t believe what you did for Sam. That took a lot of planning. She gave us constant updates on everything you did. It was fun being part of that. If you hadn’t won her over before you left, you certainly did with the letters and flowers. You can’t ever go wrong with flowers,” she declared. “And I got my flowers also,” she said smiling at him. “Thanks for thinking of me. You’re such a nice guy.”
Ricky smiled. “I’m glad you liked them.”
Sitting up, Malorie looked at him. “You think you might ask her to marry you?”
“I shouldn’t say anything, Mal. I want it to be a surprise.”
“You have to tell me now,” she said laughing. 
“Not a word, promise?”
“Promise,” she said, crossing her heart.
Ricky told her what he intended to do. Malorie listened intently.
“I love it,” she said as she fell back into the cushions. “You’re such a romantic.” 
“Remember, you promised to keep it a secret.”
“Cross my heart,” she said.








XXVI

About a quarter after five, Sam texted Ricky she was running late. She said to head on over. Ricky offered to drive but Malorie said she would have her car if she drove and could go home after; he could ride back with Sam. Being in on the plan, she took her time getting there so they arrived exactly at six o’clock. They found a parking spot nearby and walked over. Ricky opened the door for Malorie and then followed her in.
“SURPRISE!!!” Everyone yelled. Ricky was shocked. Dave, Sam and Amanda walked over to him and gave him a hug.
“Welcome home,” Amanda said.
Frank, Laura and Brian followed them, then Gwen and Becky. Several of his friends from work also congratulated him on his return and welcomed him home.
Ricky looked around the pub. There were banners, pictures, balloons, streamers and a plethora of patriotic party favors hanging from the ceiling and walls and adorning every table. It threw him. The effort and time Sam had taken to welcome him home touched him. He looked at Sam.
“I don’t know what to say,” he said as his eyes started to water. 
“Come on,” she said as she took his hand. “You’re the guest of honor and we have a table right by the dance floor.” She led him through the bar as everyone cheered and clapped their hands. Brian made his way back to the stage and the band started to play. 
Dave brought a plate of appetizers over and put it in front of him. Charlie brought him a Sam Adams Boston Lager Draft. “This one’s on me,” he told Ricky. “Welcome home.” The girls made a plate for themselves and Amanda made one for Sam. They all sat down with Sam’s parents and listened to some music as they filled up on finger food.
Eating appetizers all night was inevitable. They complimented the beer too well. But after the first pass, Brian signaled to Malorie to get the dancing started. Malorie joined him on stage and stood in front of the mic.
“Ricky, we wanted to throw you a party to say thanks for your service and keeping us safe.” Malorie let the applause die down before she continued. “We’re glad you are home, we’re glad you’re safe. You’ll always be my hero. I love you, big brother.”
Overwhelmed by all of the affection and love, Ricky could only sit there in silence. Sam rubbed his back and Malorie started to sing one of his favorite songs, Something About What Happens When We Talk. Sam stood up and took him by the hand. Leading him out on the dance floor, the first dance was theirs. As Malorie sang, they swayed in each other’s arm. It seemed like they were a million miles from everyone; all alone on their island.

If I had my way I'd be in your town
I might not stay but at least I would've been around
Cause there's something about what happens when we talk
Something about what happens when we talk
Does this make sense It doesn't matter anyway
Is it coincidence or was it meant to be
Cause there's something about what happens when we talk
Something about what happens when we talk
Conversation with you was like a drug
It wasn't your face so much as it was your words
Cause there's something about what happens when we talk
Something about what happens when we talk

Ricky had his eyes closed while enjoying the song and being close to Sam. He felt her fingers rub across his face and opened his eyes. She was looking at him and watching his every move. He couldn’t believe how beautiful she was. Everything about her was desirable. He kissed her on the lips as the song continued to play.

Well I can't stay round cause I'm going back south
But all I regret now is I never kissed your mouth
Cause there's something about what happens when we talk
Something about what happens when we talk
Cause there's something about what happens when we talk
Something about what happens when we talk

When the song ended, Malorie took a bow as the pub broke into a standing ovation.
“She’s good,” Frank yelled to his wife.
“Her and Brian are good together,” she replied.
Frank tilted his head and gave her a wide-eyed look as he continued to clap.
Malorie gave Brian a kiss and taking Ricky’s hand, stepped off the stage. He gave her a big hug and so did Sam. Then Brian broke into Rod Stewart’s Hot Legs. The music continued for almost two hours and as Brian’s Band finished their last song, Brian invited Ricky and Sam on stage.
“What do you say folks? Want to hear them sing us a song?” Everyone started cheering and Sam looked at Ricky sheepishly. Brian handed Ricky a guitar and he stepped to the mic with Sam.
“Outlander?” he asked her.
She smiled. “Yeah, that one I know.”
Ricky started playing the guitar and led her in Baby, Come On Home as she provided the backup vocal harmony.

When your baby packs up and leaves you
You see her train disappear out of sight
What would you give if you had the power
To hold back that long, lonely night
And I keep praying, baby, come on home
Wherever you might be come on home to me
I need you, that lonely night

As they sang on either side of the mic, they lost themselves. They were the only ones on the stage and they were singing to each other. The dance floor filled up with couples as they tried to feel some of the electricity flowing between the couple singing.

I used to take her lips for granted
All of her kisses tasted the same
But now, she's gone, gone and, oh, what I would give
Just to see her, just to hear her call my name
Baby, come on home I'm afraid you're coming home
One long, lonely night

Looking at each other, their passion could be heard in every verse. All eyes were on them as the song became a true love song. Their chemistry was provocatively steamy. They were perfect together.  

She never wore bright colored dresses
Didn't like perfume diamond and lace
But I wanted parties and a big time woman
Now all I want God knows all I need
Is to see her face and hear her call my name again
And say, baby, I'm coming home
I need you, baby Please come home

At the end of the song, they gave each other a passionate kiss and took a bow. The raucous crowd cheered for a couple of minutes. Sam and Ricky joined the family at the table.
“You two were great,” Laura said. “And Malorie, that’s some voice.”
“Thanks, Mrs. O’Dwyer,” she said.
There was a break in the music before the DJ took over. The appetizers suffered a second and third assault by the hungry patrons. The food was delicious and perfect for just such an occasion. As they were sitting talking with one another, a woman approached their table and stood next to Ricky.
“Excuse me, Ricky?” she said.
Everyone at the table looked at her. “Can I help you?” he asked.
“Yeah, my name is Ashley Jones. I’m a reporter with the Boston Herald. I was wondering if I could speak to you for a minute?”
“Okay,” he said, standing up. He looked at Sam, who had a puzzled look on her face. Smiling, he took her hand and said, “Come on. Let’s go see what the reporter wants.”
They went over to the bar for a moment and spoke to Ashley. When they were done, Ricky and Sam came back to the table.
“What was that about?” Malorie asked.
“The reporter wants to do a story on our home town hero,” Sam said excitedly. “She’s going to interview him Monday and the article will be in Tuesday’s edition.” 
“Wow, that’s fantastic,” said Frank. “I suppose it will be over his exploits in Japan.” Everyone laughed at his description.
“That’s right, Frank,” Ricky said. “My exploits.”
“Well, I’ll be sure to watch for it,” he said matter-of-factly.
The DJ started the music again and the group continued to dance and enjoy the celebration. They went until midnight and the DJ announced the final song.
“Okay folks, time to wrap this up. This is the final song. I’ll put on a nice slow one for all you lovebirds out there. Major Jackson, welcome home.” He proceeded to play Roberta Flacks, The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face. 
Ricky took Sam’s hand and led her out on the floor. Holding her tight, she rested her head against his chest. He thought about the first time he had seen Sam, how their relationship had grown and what they had overcome. They had come a long way and he was happy to see where they were. There wasn’t anyone he could think of he would rather spend his life with. He wanted to marry her.
When the song ended, he gave her a kiss. Taking her hand, he went over to the table and thanked everyone for a wonderful night. Sam took him home after they said their goodbyes. Walking to his apartment, she went inside with him. 
“Thanks, Sam. I had a great time.”
Hugging him, she said, “I’m glad. You deserve a welcome home party. I’m proud of you for serving your country.”
“You staying the night?” he asked as he held her.
“Every night,” she said. “As long as you’ll have me.” 
“I want you forever,”
“I’m yours,” she said.

֎֎֎֎֎

Over the course of the week, however, Sam started to become somewhat distant with Ricky. It scared her because she knew she could be trying to sabotage their relationship on purpose. But she couldn’t help feel inadequate. The last thing she wanted to do was let Ricky down. She thought maybe it was best she never committed to anyone and just stayed single. Then she wouldn’t have to worry about it.
Ricky sensed she was still worried about having kids. He was sure she felt guilty for keeping it a secret and that just compounded the issues of self-worth and inadequacy. He had given her some space to accept everything was okay but that wasn’t working. He had to try something different. After work, Ricky went next door to see Sam. She let him in and gave him a hug without saying a lot. Turning to go lay down on the couch, Ricky grabbed her arm and stopped her.
“Come on,” he said.
“Where?”
“I want to take you somewhere.” Sam grudgingly grabbed her purse and walked out the door with him. Ricky locked her door and put his arm around her as they walked to his car. He drove east towards the coast.	
“You haven’t told me where we’re going,” Sam said, trying to be distant.
“I told you I’d take you to Fort Independence, so we’re going there,” he said.
“Ricky, I’m not really in the mood for sight-seeing.”
“We’re just going there to walk around the causeway, Sam. It’s a nice place to think and clear your mind.”
Sam didn’t say anything else as they drove alongside the Reserve Channel to Castle Island and parked near the fort. There were paths that went around Fort Independence and connected to the path along the causeway, which wrapped around Pleasure Bay. The fort itself was made of granite and used to provide harbor defense for Boston. Shaped like a star, it is one of the oldest continuously fortified sites in the United States.
Ricky took her hand and they meandered around the park holding hands. Other people were out sight-seeing or jogging on the paths. They continued out onto the causeway and stopped when they were all alone.
Ricky finally spoke up. “So, you going to push me away, Sam?”
Sam looked at him with her arms crossed as her eyes started to tear. “I don’t want to.”
“Then don’t. I know what you’re going through. Remember, I’ve dealt with loss. I lost my child without ever getting to see her or hold her. I lost my wife,” he said, choking up. He looked out across the ocean.
“You want to hear something crazy?” she said. “For the longest time, I had mixed emotions about you. I wasn't sure if you would get over the loss of your wife and I was worried if we got too close, I’d just be competing with her memory. And the reality is it was me who couldn’t get over losing someone. I never got over losing my baby or being told I may never have another one,” she said as tears streamed down her cheeks.
Ricky thought about what she said for a moment. “It was hard to get over the loss of Anne,” he said. “Having a spouse die is a different kind of loss. When you break up with someone or get divorced, there is separation. You lose feelings for that person. When Anne died, I just lost her. She was gone. But I still had those feelings; so it was hard to cope with her loss.” 
Turning to Sam, he said, “I guess it’s kind of like you losing your baby. It hurt when I found out Anne was pregnant. But I didn’t have the same emotional connection a mother has. I know you did and I’m sorry you went through that. You don’t know if you can or can’t have kids though. It may or may not happen. But you shouldn’t give up on happiness or being with me because of a what if. I love you no matter what happens.” 
With tears flowing, Sam looked at him. “Really?”
“Regardless of whether or not we can have kids, I want to be with you.”
Sam walked over to him and hugged him. “I love you so much,” she said as she cried in his chest.
“I love you too,” he said as he held her tight. She finally seemed to be grieving and letting go of the pain and hurt in her past. “Let it go, Sam. As long as we’re together, that’s all that matters.”
His acceptance and love changed Sam’s perspective. She knew whatever happened, Ricky would be by her side. She had found someone who accepted her for who she was and she had nothing to prove. She didn’t have to worry anymore.






XXVII

Ricky was separating from the Air National Guard in two weeks. He was ready. His body felt good and he was thankful for that. The force of the ejection could have resulted in him sustaining severe injuries or death. After having had two close calls and putting his loved ones through the agony of those events, he was ready to become a full-time civilian. 
Walking next door, he knocked to see if Sam was home. She was.
“Well, hey stranger,” she said as she kissed him.
“How was your day?” Ricky asked.
“Great. Becky and I worked the shift together. It’s always more interesting when I do my rounds with her,” she laughed. “How was your day?”
“It wasn’t bad. Still playing catch up. I tried to keep up with things while I was in Japan, but there’s a lot I need to work on.”
“Mmm, poor baby,” she said. “Will a beer help?”
“It would, actually.” She went to the fridge and took out a Heineken, handing it to him as he sat down at the bar. “Thanks,” he said.
“Did you eat yet? I can make you a sandwich.”
“I’d like that. You have any Cheese Doritos?”
Sam laughed. “You and your Cheese Doritos. I should have some, but I don’t.”
“I have some next door. And leftover cheesecake if you want it.”
“I want it,” she said with excitement.
Ricky went back and got the items while Sam made him a sandwich. When he got back, they sat down at the bar and ate. 
“Thanks for the cheesecake,” she said. “Yummy.”
“Thanks for the sandwich. We make a pretty good team.”
“We do,” she said matter-of-factly as she took a bite of cheesecake.
“So, I have my separation ceremony in two weeks.”
“I know. I’m glad,” she said, not trying to hide her desire for him to leave the military. 
“You want to come with me?”
Sam stopped eating and looked at him. “Really?”
“Yeah, you’re my girlfriend. You should come.”
“I was hoping you’d ask,” she said. “I already took the weekend off.”
Ricky smiled, “Okay, good.”
“That’s the first time you called me your girlfriend,” she observed.
Ricky put his hand on hers and rubbed it as he ate. 
“Sounds good,” he commented.
Sam smiled. “It sure does.”

֎֎֎֎֎

The flight to Ronald Reagan National Airport was uneventful and on time. Malorie flew in with them and Dave and Amanda were on an earlier flight. They rented a car and drove to their hotel, the Hampton Inn and Suites. It was next to Andrews Air Force Base and Ricky’s family had made reservations there. Rory and Lindsey were in the lobby waiting when they arrived.
“Rory!” Malorie yelled a little too loudly as she entered the hotel. She gave him and Lindsey a hug. Ricky and Sam joined them.
“Mom and Dad went to bed. They were tired from the trip,” Rory explained. “They said they would see you at breakfast.” 
“That’s fine,” Ricky said. “We’re kind of bushed also. Did you all happen to see Dave and Amanda?”
“Yeah, we had dinner with them,” Lindsey said.
“I couldn’t get off work early,” Malorie lamented. “We should have gotten here sooner.”
“Hey, we’re here,” Ricky said as he checked them in. “Let’s just get some rest. Tomorrow is a big day.”
“Yes it is,” Sam agreed. “I couldn’t be happier.” Everyone laughed. 
“Yeah, time to get your walking papers, big brother,” Rory said.
“Amen to that,” said Malorie.
They all went up to their rooms and said good night. Ricky and Rory shared a room and the girls had a two-bedroom suite with a foldout couch in the living area. In the morning, they met up with their parents and had breakfast. Dave and Amanda were there also. Ricky went over the itinerary with them and made sure they knew what time to leave.
“They should have passes for us at the main gate, so if we go together, it should make things easier.” 
They were able to enjoy their time together while they ate and eventually went back to their rooms to get ready. When they came back down, Ricky was in his military dress uniform. Sam did a double take when she saw him. He was dashing and she gave him a whistle.
The women were all in dresses and the men in suits. They were ready to go. Taking three cars, they convoyed to the front gate and checked in with the military police. They arrived at the ceremony an hour early. As the distinguished guests, they were escorted in at the beginning of the ceremony to the front row of the auditorium. Sam was awestruck at the number of men and women in the unit and how nice the uniforms looked. She remembered when her dad was in the Army and how proud he was to wear his. 
It seemed to be a momentous occasion having one of the unit’s members leave the military. She knew her dad had had a ceremony when he retired but she would have thought a retirement was different. When she asked Dave if they had done the same for him, he replied, “This is a little different, Sam. Ricky was involved in some events which deserve recognition. I think Colonel Coleman will explain it pretty well during the ceremony.” 
Sam accepted the explanation and sat with Ricky’s parents, Rory, Malorie, Brian and Lindsey. When the ceremony was officially called to order, the arrival of the official party made everyone stand at attention.
 The narrator, a First Lieutenant, began by greeting the audience and asking everyone to turn off their cell phones. He then proceeded to introduce himself and welcome those attending the ceremony “for this very special occasion as we honor Major Ricky Jackson who is being recognized for his accomplishments while assigned to the 121st Fighter Squadron. The officiator for today’s ceremony is Colonel Jake Coleman.” 
The narrator went on to say, “Recognizing the importance of this ceremony, we are joined today by a number of very special and distinguished guests.” He then went on to introduce a number of high ranking officers who had been invited to attend. Then he turned his attention to the family and friends. First he introduced Ricky’s parents, Malorie, Brian, Rory and Lindsey. Then he welcomed Dave and Amanda, which brought with it some hooting and hollering from Dave’s former peers. When they finally settled down, the narrator turned his attention to Sam.
“Finally, I would like to extend a heartfelt welcome to a very special person, Ricky’s girlfriend, Sam. Welcome, Sam.” This brought more applause, and embarrassingly, more cheers from the squadron members. When the introductions were completed, Ricky stepped down from the stage and walked over to them as a sergeant came over carrying several bouquets of flowers. Ricky presented one to his mom, Malorie, Lindsey and Amanda. With the last bouquet, Ricky handed the flowers to Sam, kissed her on the cheek and told her, “I love you.” He then rejoined the official party on stage.
Sam was hearing more people refer to her as Ricky’s girlfriend, and she really liked the sound of it. While they knew what they were to each other, it seemed different hearing it. They had come a long way and she felt like their relationship was as good as she could have ever hoped for. For Sam, all it was missing was a proposal. She didn’t know if Ricky was ready to remarry yet, but she hoped he shared the same desire to be together as husband and wife soon. 
Colonel Jake Coleman was then introduced. Standing up, he stepped off of the stage to address the audience.
“Ladies and Gentleman, welcome. Mr. and Mrs. Jackson it’s a privilege to have you here today as we honor one of our own. Dave, it’s nice to see you back in the squadron, even if it is to just visit. And how appropriate is it that Ricky is dating Amanda’s sister. In case you don’t remember, Dave and Ricky were inseparable while members of the 121st. I guess it only makes sense they’d be dating sisters.”
Drawing a raucous laugh from the audience, he continued on with his salute to Ricky and told several flying stories which ranged from hilarious to harrowing. You could sense the camaraderie shared between the members of this squadron and the respect they had for Ricky. Colonel Coleman went on to explain how a member separating from the unit typically isn’t sent off with a ceremony of this nature.
“As you know, Ricky has had a very tumultuous year. It started in Afghanistan where we almost lost him. It continued with the loss of Anne. And it ended with us almost losing him again off the coast of Japan. These types of events take a toll and while we wish he would continue as a member of our squadron, it’s with heavy hearts we must reluctantly let him go as he wishes. 
“We have a couple of medals we want to award Ricky, not only for his service and dedication but also to recognize his courage and selflessness. He will be awarded the Meritorious Service Medal for his outstanding service during several deployments and for his work here in the squadron as the Operations Officer. It is my honor to also bestow on him the Distinguished Flying Cross for his courageous action in Japan. I’d like to point out that the preliminary results of the Investigation Board determined his F-16 would not have made it to the runway and while he still could have ejected, the aircraft would have certainly crashed into one of the neighborhoods in the city of Misawa.
“Ricky, I just want to say it’s been a privilege. We’re going to miss you. I don’t know if we will ever have a member of this squadron that is as highly decorated as you. You’re always welcome back and I hope you find a lot of happiness and success in civilian life.”
When he was finished speaking, there was a standing ovation for Ricky. As the clapping died down, the narrator seized the opportunity to continue the ceremony. 
“Attention to orders.” 
 Colonel Coleman and Ricky both stood up. They stepped forward and an enlisted member walked up with both medals on a wooden presentation tray. The audience once again stood at attention.
“Citation to accompany the award of the Meritorious Service Medal to Major Richard Jackson, who distinguished himself in the performance of outstanding service to the United States while assigned to the 121st Fighter Squadron, Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. Major Jackson supported the global war on terror both at home and abroad by flying seventy-five Operation Noble Eagle missions, providing critical air support for the enforcement of no-fly zones over Iraq and Syria. Major Jackson also deployed to Afghanistan and Japan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation Guardian Spear. During that time, Major Jackson was also detailed as the squadron’s Operation Officer. His direct leadership and attention to detail led to the squadron earning an excellent rating on the squadron operational readiness inspection. The singularly distinctive accomplishments of Major Jackson reflect great credit upon himself and the United States Air Force.”
Colonel Coleman then stepped in front of Ricky and pinned the medal on his chest. After saluting and shaking hands, he then stepped back next to Ricky for the next presentation. 
“Attention to orders. Citation to accompany the award of the Distinguished Flying Cross to Major Richard Jackson, who distinguished himself in the performance of outstanding service to the United States while assigned to the 35th Fighter Wing, Misawa Air Force Base, Japan. While deployed, Major Jackson supported our Pacific alliance with Japan, South Korea and the Philippines while participating in Operation Guardian Spear. During a mission in support of this exercise, Major Jackson’s F-16 sustained catastrophic engine failure, preventing him from returning to Misawa Air Base. With his backup systems also not operational, Major Jackson turned the stricken aircraft away from populated areas and ejected from the aircraft once assured it was safely over water. His selfless actions put the safety of others above himself, resulting in his own life being at great risk. The singularly distinctive accomplishments of Major Jackson reflect great credit upon himself and the United States Air Force.”
Once again, Colonel Coleman stepped in front of Ricky and pinned the medal on his chest. After saluting and shaking hands one last time, he then stepped back next to Ricky and the audience erupted in another standing ovation. 
After the clapping subsided, Colonel Coleman put up his hand. “As you know, this isn’t just a medal ceremony. This is Ricky’s last day in the Guard. Before we conclude today’s ceremony, I think it’s only fair we let our celebrated hero have the floor to say a few words. Ricky…”
As Ricky stood up, Jake sat down. Moving forward to the edge of the stage, he looked out at the crowd.
“I want to thank you all for coming today. For the members of the unit, I thank you also, even though you didn’t have a choice.” Everyone started to laugh. Sam giggled as she watched him. He looked so handsome in his uniform. 
“This has been an emotional roller coaster for me,” he said as his voice began to crack. “As Colonel Coleman mentioned, it hasn’t been an easy road. It saddens me to think of what I lost along the way, but I give thanks for what I have gained. Being part of this squadron has been like a second family. I thank you for your service, for serving with me and for letting me serve with you. I know we won’t be strangers but I’ll still miss you. 
“To my family, thanks for always being there, especially during my darkest days. I know I couldn’t have done it without you. Malorie, you were my savior. I love you all. 
“Dave and Amanda, I couldn’t be happier for our newest newlyweds.” The shouts and whistles started up again. Amanda laughed. “Dave, thanks for being my best friend; for looking out for me; for bringing me to Boston and for being there when I needed a friend most.” Sam could see he was starting to lose it at this point. She felt so bad for him; she wanted to jump on the stage and stand with him.
“I think I’ve thanked everybody…” he said slowly. Again, the audience broke out in shouts. “GIRLFRIEND! DON’T FORGET THE GIRLFRIEND!”
Ricky started to laugh. Everyone else joined in. Sam smiled as she bit her lip and crossed her arms. 
“I’m sorry, Sam,” he said. “I don’t think I could have done this without a little humor. And I didn’t forget about you.” He stopped for a moment and got serious. “As you all know, losing Anne was the worst thing that happened in my life. Being wounded, ejecting and eating Phil’s chili pale in comparison.” There was a subdued laugh; everyone knew he was just trying to get through it. 
“Why things happen the way they do, I don’t know. There’s an old saying, everything happens for a reason. I couldn’t possibly know what the reason was for that. But I do know I met Samantha just as I was starting to put my life back together. And I couldn’t have asked for a better woman to start life anew. Without trying, she has helped me come to terms with my loss and accept what has happened. She’s given me hope for the future and I love her for that.” 
There was an approving ovation as Ricky went to her and gave her a hug. Walking back to the stage, he continued.
“The dangers we face, it has gotten a bit costly. It’s taken a toll on me and more importantly, it’s taken a toll on my family and friends. I can’t imagine what they went through with the notifications of me being wounded and ditching out at sea. That I can’t bear; which is why I have to say goodbye. I won’t do that to them again. So, it’s with a heavy heart, and a made-up mind, I say goodbye and Godspeed. Thank you.”
Ricky went over and shook Jake’s hand one last time as the room erupted in a standing ovation. Jake pulled him close and gave him a hug. They stood there for a moment side by side, until the clapping finally stopped.
The First Lieutenant then said, “Ladies and Gentlemen, please rise for the departure of the official party.”
Colonel Coleman and Ricky stepped off the stage and as they passed Sam, Ricky held out his hand and took her hand under his arm. They walked out of the auditorium with his parents, Brian and Malorie, Rory and Lindsey and Dave and Amanda following close behind.
The narrator then said, “This concludes today’s ceremony. Please join us in the squadron break room for refreshments. Thank you for attending.”

֎֎֎֎֎

There was a small reception after the ceremony. Dave and Ricky were standing on one side of the room as members of the squadron filed by to shake hands and wish Ricky well. Dave meandered back to Amanda and Sam to check on them.
“You ladies doing okay?”
“We are,” said Amanda. “Just checking out all the men in uniform.” 
Both Sam and Amanda started giggling.
Dave shook his head. Colonel Coleman walked over to them.
“Dave, we are going to miss you and Ricky not being here. Just won't be the same without our “top guns”.” The girls started laughing again as Dave smiled.
“You miss it?” Jake asked Dave.
“I do. I miss the guys in the squadron and the flying. It was time to move on though. Just like Ricky. You know when it’s time. I'm just glad he made it back home in one piece.”
“So am I,” Jake agreed. “And I'm sure there is a certain young lady that would agree with us,” he added, looking at Sam.
Sam blushed. Amanda put an arm around her. “Yeah, I think it's safe to say she's glad to have him home.”
“Well, I hate to lose him. You know, he probably would've taken over as commander when I retire.”
“Really?” asked Sam, wondering if he was okay with giving that up.
“Don't worry, Sam. I don't think I've ever seen anyone as comfortable with this decision as he is. You know, he's made a lot of sacrifices for his country. So, as much as we wish he would stay, he's more than earned the right to call it quits. Besides, if you had anything to do with that decision, I can't say I blame him.” 
Sam smiled. “Thank you, sir.” 
“It's Jake,” he told her as he extended his hand. She shook his hand as he reminded her, “Take good care of him, Samantha. I wish you both a lifetime of happiness together.”
“You know they're not engaged or anything,” Amanda said interrupting, worried Sam might be a little uncomfortable with the assumption. 
“I know,” he replied, as if he knew something they didn't.
After shaking hands with Dave and Amanda, Colonel Coleman continued his responsibility as commander and wandered around socializing with everyone in the room.
Sam looked in Ricky's direction and watched him. She could tell he was admired and respected by everyone in his unit. His commander had nothing but praise for him. She hoped he was giving it all up for the right reasons. She didn't want him to regret it later in life, especially if he was doing it for her.
Sensing what she was thinking, Dave put her mind at ease. “Don't worry Sam, he won't regret it.” She smiled at him.
“Thanks, Dave. I hope not,” she said affectionately as she looked back at Ricky.
As if he felt her gaze on him, he looked in her direction and smiled. He was so happy she came; it meant a lot to him. She meant a lot to him. He thought about the whirlwind of events over what seemed like an eternity, but was in fact just a little over a year. There was loss, tragedy and despair. It had caused him so much hate and anger. Life had lost all meaning. 
And then she came into his life. She was warm, funny and happy; even with everything she had endured. She had managed to rise up above everyone and everything that tried to hurt her. It made her such a strong woman in his eyes.
That was her inner beauty. Then there was her outer beauty. It was something Ricky could never get tired of looking at; she was so beautiful. Her long dark hair, her perfect eyebrows and how they complemented her big brown eyes. She had the cutest little nose and the softest lips. Her natural beauty was something that still made him stop and admire.
He was so glad he had met her; that he had moved into the apartment next to her. It was as if fate had planned it. It had changed his life; maybe even saved it. He loved that woman and all he wanted to do was spend the rest of his life with her. After another scare and putting another woman he cared for through that heart wrenching situation, he knew his Air Force career was over. He couldn't continue risking his life and have a meaningful relationship with someone he loved. It would be selfish and wrong. He would never hurt Sam like that again.
As the room started to thin out, Ricky made his way across to Sam. A couple more well-wishers stepped in his way as they shook hands and wished him the best of luck. Ricky felt that wish had already come true. He took her in his arms and said, “I’m all yours now.” She kissed him and smiled as they embraced.

֎֎֎֎֎

After the ceremony, the family went back to the hotel and changed into some casual clothes. With not much to eat nearby, they decided to order some pizza and eat in the lobby. Ricky ordered some extra for the employees at the front desk who were pleasantly surprised and extremely grateful for the kind gesture.
They spent the evening telling stories and catching up with one another. It was nice to have some time, especially on the road, to just visit with family. Sunday morning, after breakfast, they went next door to Mass at Saint Philip the Apostle Church. There was a P.F. Chang’s nearby and they went there for lunch before Ricky, Dave and the girls had to head to the airport.
“So, you’re not flying back today?” Malorie asked her dad as they left the restaurant.
“No, we’re staying here with Rory and Lindsey to do some sightseeing. Then we’re flying up to Boston to visit you for a couple of days.” 
“Great!” Malorie said. 
“Maybe we can catch a baseball game while we’re in Beantown,” LaRay suggested. “Think you can get us some tickets?” he said to Ricky.
Ricky kind of laughed and cleared his throat as he looked at his dad. “I’ll see what I can do.”
They said goodbye and drove back to the airport. After turning in the rental, they went through security and boarded their flight about an hour later. As they flew home, Sam took Ricky’ hand and held it. She rested her head against his shoulder. 
“Did you mean it when you said you were all mine?” she asked.
“Yeah,” he said softly. “I really did.”





XXVIII

A couple of days later, Ricky went over to Sam’s apartment after work to tell her he was being honored Saturday at the Red Sox’s season opener. He explained he was asked to throw out the first pitch. He agreed and they arranged for him to have seats for the game behind home plate.
“First row, second deck? Behind home plate? And you got tickets for my family and yours? How did you pull that off?”
“Well, the tickets kind of go with the whole event. They’re going to want us to stay for the game.”
“But I mean how did the Red Sox PR contact you?”
“That article in the paper. Remember when you threw me the welcome home party at Devlin’s and the reporter was there? The article she wrote was seen by the PR Director for the Sox. She called Bain Capital to track me down.”
“Wait until I tell my dad! He’s going to fall over,” she said.
Ricky laughed. “Becky and Ethan can come also.”
Sam just looked at him with her mouth open. “I have to tell everyone. I’ve got to call Becky!”
She immediately went to call her family and Becky to tell them the news. 

֎֎֎֎֎

Ricky had already called them and told them about his plan. His family knew and that’s why they were flying to Boston after their visit in Washington, D.C. Ricky had stopped by earlier in the week to ask Frank if he could marry Sam. Laura and Frank were delighted and even happier when they heard his plan. Ricky gave Frank the ring and told him to hold it for when he needed it. 
“You know, Sam hasn’t been to a game since that happened,” Frank said sadly. “I miss going to the games with her.”
“Then maybe this will be the first of many games you get to enjoy together, Frank.” 
When he spoke to Natalie, the PR Director, he told her the story about the ugly trick played on Sam at a game. She vaguely remembered the story and said they almost stopped KissCam after that happened. He asked if she could arrange for them to be on KissCam. He wanted her to get a real proposal and he wanted to ask her to marry him at the game. Natalie was ecstatic. What a PR coup!
She gave him her cell number and told him to let her know if there was anything he needed. She would personally make sure they were on KissCam for the proposal and the announcers would be aware of what was going to happen. They planned it for the fifth inning, when the cameras usually panned across the stands. Everything was in place.

֎֎֎֎֎

“I still can’t believe you got everyone tickets to the game!” Sam said as they sat down in their seats. Ricky had already been introduced, thrown out the first pitch and made it back to his seat.
“I’m glad it worked out where everyone could come,” he replied, knowing it had been arranged a long time ago.
“Great seats,” said Frank, who was sitting behind them, while Ricky’s family, Sam’s family, Becky and Ethan were in the surrounding seats.
The crowd was loud and everyone was enjoying the game. It was a beautiful day, the weather was perfect. The Red Sox looked like they might even win. It was the bottom of the fifth and the cameras all of a sudden started to pan across the fans. KissCam!
“KissCam!” Mark O’Brien, one of the play-by-play announcers, commented.
“Ladies and gentleman, I believe we are in for something special during tonight’s KissCam,” Jerry Remy, his partner in the booth, stated. “Mark, I don’t know if you remember a few years ago, we had an ugly incident where, I’ll call him a jerk, played a nasty trick on his date.”
“I remember,” Mark said. “He made a fake proposal and it ended up being a prank. I was shocked when the red dye sprayed out of the engagement ring box.” 
“Well, I think he was shocked when he was introduced to her knee,” Jerry laughed. “I think he may still be walking funny.”
Mark laughed. “Well, it almost ended KissCam. They seriously considered ending it as a result of that mean prank. And now, we may finally have vindication.”
“That’s right,” Jerry said. “As karma would have it, that young lady is with Major Ricky Jackson tonight. For those of you who missed it, Major Jackson threw out the first pitch at the beginning of the game. They have been dating for almost a year now and I’ve been told that when the camera pans on them, he has a question he’d like to ask her.” 
“Let’s watch,” said Mark.
Sam stared at the screen and watched the different couples go through their renditions of the perfect kiss. They were happy and enjoying the moment. She thought about the last game she attended; the humiliation on national TV and awful prank played on her. It gave her a sick feeling in her stomach. She looked down, embarrassed and mortified.
She felt a hand rest on her shoulder. Looking up, she was staring at herself on the big screen. Turning, she looked at Ricky. It was his hand on her shoulder. He put his other hand under her chin and raised her head. Then he leaned in and gently kissed her lips. With the camera still aimed at them, he took his hand off her shoulder, reached down and took her left hand in his. Bringing it up, he kissed the back of her hand.
Frank had pulled out a small box out of his pocket and held it by them. He opened it. Inside, was the most beautiful diamond ring she had ever seen. A James Allen fourteen carat white gold halo engagement ring with a one carat diamond mounted in the center surrounded by halos filled with accent diamonds, which also ran down each side of the ring. Sam looked at it with an expression of complete surprise. Her heart was pounding. Her hands were trembling. She looked at Ricky who was watching her every move.
“Sam,” he said, “you already are my best friend.” He reached over and took the ring. He kneeled down on one knee as he slid it on her finger and said, “Will you be my wife?”
Crying, she dropped to both knees and said yes. They kissed and embraced each other. The stadium went wild as the fans gave them a standing ovation. It was perfect. Ricky stood up with his arms still around Sam and he pulled her up with him. They continued to kiss as her feet came off the ground and he stood there holding her as they held on to the moment for as long as they could.  
“Wow, that’s the best proposal I think I’ve ever seen,” Jerry exclaimed.
“Way to go, Major Jackson!” Mark said. “Well played.”
“I think that made up for the last proposal. I’d say she walks away the big winner and much better off with this gentleman.”
“I’d say they both won,” replied Mark.
“You’re right, Mark. Well said. Congratulations to the happy couple.”

֎֎֎֎֎

They planned to wed in four months. Sam wanted time to plan her dream wedding but she didn’t want to wait forever. Ricky told her he was ready whenever she was. They needed to reserve the church, set up catering and arrange everything else that went into planning a wedding. She could do it all in four months.
But right away, there was a problem. It had nothing to do with the wedding plans. Sam’s apartment lease was over at the end of the month and she needed to extend three months. The complex said no; they had someone interested that would sign for a year and they wanted the same commitment from her. She didn’t know what to do.
At her parent’s house, she brought up the subject and explained the situation while they were all in the kitchen. Amanda offered to let her stay with her and Dave but they were newlyweds and she didn’t want to crowd their space. Her parents offered as well. With her and Ricky staying over at each other’s apartment most of the time, that was not an option. Then she came up with another idea.
“I could just move in with Ricky until we get married.”
Her father nearly came unglued at the suggestion. “Don’t even think about it,” he said. “You’re not married yet, and until you are, you live in separate homes. I can’t believe Ricky is okay with that.”
“I actually haven’t talked to him about it,” Sam confessed. “It was just a thought.”
“Figure something else out, Sam. You know what the Church says about the subject and I don’t want you living in sin, for Pete’s sake.” He threw his newspaper down on the table and went into the living room.
“You shouldn’t upset your father like that,” her mom said. “Why would you suggest it when you haven’t even spoken to Ricky about it?”
“Would it have mattered?” Sam asked.
“No,” her mom said, matter-of-factly.
Sam was nearly in tears. She decided to leave so she could sort things out. Apologizing to her dad, she left the house and drove home. On the way, she thought about asking Becky if she could stay with her. If it were for a few nights, it would be one thing. But three months in Becky’s apartment would be too much of an imposition. 
By the time she got back to the apartment, she was livid. Sam was not happy with her parents because they were making life difficult. One thing was for certain, she was not staying with them. She walked to her apartment and slammed the door once she was inside. After a moment, she heard a knock at the door. She opened it and found Ricky standing by the door.
“Hey,” she said despondently as she left the door open and walked over to the couch.
“Everything okay?” he asked. “I heard the door slam.”
“No, my parents are being jerks.”
Ricky sat down beside her. “What’s going on?”
Sam explained the situation with the apartment and discussing it with her parents. She let it slip that she had suggested they move in together.
Ricky chuckled. Sam looked at him. “What are you laughing about?”
“You suggesting to your parents we move in together.”
“I thought you would be okay with it,” Sam said defensively.
“If it were just you and me,” Ricky explained,” I’d say yeah or let’s just go to the Justice of the Peace.”
“That’s what I said,” Sam said, getting a little agitated.
“You know you’re parents wouldn’t go for something like that, Sam. My parents wouldn’t either. It’s how they were raised and what they believe. You’re not going to change their minds.”
Sam fell back into the cushions. Ricky respected her parents and she couldn’t be mad at him for that. She knew she should feel the same way.
“I didn’t want to have to move away from you. I like us being near each other.”
“So do I. And we’ll probably spend those three months together anyway but maybe we should be a little more subtle about it.”
Sam laughed. “I probably should have talked to you about this before them. Sorry about suggesting we move in together without talking to you first.”
“Don’t worry about it. You need to come up with a solution to appease your parents though. And I have two suggestions.”
Sam sat up. “What are they?”
“Well, first, let’s see if we can find us a home. We’ve been looking already. Let’s tell Amanda we need to put a rush on it. If we can close on one before the end of the month, you can just move in there and I’ll move in once we’re married.”
“What if we don’t find a house that fast?”
“Then you can move in here and I’ll move in with Malorie.” 
“You’d give up your apartment?” she asked.
“If it keeps the peace with your family and solves your problem, yeah.”
Sam didn’t know what to say. She put her hand on his cheek and kissed him.
“What about Malorie? Shouldn’t you ask her before volunteering her like I did with you?”
“Are you kidding?” he said. “You think Malorie would have a problem getting to mother me for three months? She’ll be in Heaven.”
Smiling, Sam threw her arms around him. “You always make my problems go away.”
“Just don’t kill my fish.”
Laughing, she rolled over into his lap and yelled “Woohoo!”

֎֎֎֎֎

A couple of days later, Sam didn’t know where Ricky was taking her. He said he wanted to take her for a drive. They headed east and Sam assumed they were going to the coast, maybe to walk on the beach. She could use it. The blow up with her parents was a mistake. Suggesting in front of them she move in with Ricky, when she hadn’t even spoken to him about it, was a disaster.
She hated these situations where she had to make a big decision and it seemed like she couldn’t possibly make everyone happy, regardless of what she did. Her parents were as old fashioned as Ricky’s and she respected their opinion, and more importantly, what they believed in. But it wasn’t practical and times had changed. What could she do? The apartment manager said she wouldn’t do a month-to-month agreement on her apartment and she had no desire to move back in with her parents until the wedding. She was caught between a rock and a hard place.
They neared the coast and Sam could see the bay on the right side. They were headed back to Pleasure Bay. It reminded her of their visit to Castle Island; a wistful time. It was a memorable place to her because of what it meant to their relationship. She knew she would never forget what Ricky told her when they walked around the bay. He was so understanding and kind to her. She loved him so much for his unconditional love and devotion. She wondered why her parents couldn’t be more like him.
As they drove down Columbia Road, Sam looked over at Ricky. 
“Are we going back to Castle Island?” 
“Not quite,” he said as they passed L Street. 
“Where are you taking me?” she asked with intrigue.
“Right up here.”
She could see all of the boats out in the bay. There were some yacht clubs in the distance on the right. Maybe he moved his boat again, she thought. Passing 8th Street, they started to slow down. As they approached the next intersection, they turned left into a driveway. 
She immediately noticed a car in front of the house. It looked like Amanda’s car. When Amanda stepped out of the car, Sam immediately began to wonder what was going on. Looking at Ricky, she noticed a FOR SALE sign in the front yard.
Ricky looked at her and smiled. “I think Amanda may have solved your apartment dilemma.”
Sam just looked at him with her mouth open. She looked back at Amanda, who was waving at her to get out of the car.
Opening her door, she stepped out and slowly started walking towards her sister. “What’s going on?” she asked.
“Ricky,” Amanda said, giving him the opportunity to explain as he walked up towards them.
“I had asked Amanda to be on the lookout for a house on the waterfront several months ago. This house just popped up on the market and Amanda told me she would hold the listing temporarily until we had a chance to look at it.”
The house was a two story Victorian, painted green with white trim. It had a porch facing Dorchester Bay. Right across the street was Carson Beach, a long strip of beach that extended from the yacht clubs by Pleasure Bay down past Joe Moakley Park.
“To buy?” Sam asked, as her voice started to break.
“If you like it,” Ricky answered.
“I love it,” she said as she turned all the way around and took in the neighborhood. 
Amanda laughed. “You haven’t even seen inside.”
“Let’s go take a look,” Ricky said as he held his hand out towards her.
She took his hand and they all went up the porch to the front door. Amanda took the key she had been given and unlocked the door. Walking inside, Sam could only look in disbelief.
The interior was as breath-taking as the outside. It was an open floor plan and had recently been renovated. The hard wood floors were beautiful. Sam could see the kitchen from where she stood. It was a Chef’s Kitchen with an oversized island. The granite countertops complimented the stainless steel appliances perfectly. The living area was overtly spacious and surrounded by windows and a gas fireplace.
Amanda looked at her and smiled. “What do you think?”
Sam didn’t say anything at first. She just walked around the room, taking it all in. Looking at Ricky and Amanda, she said, “It’s beautiful.”
“The owner has health issues,” Amanda explained. “He has to go to an assisted living facility. He has only one son and he isn’t interested in keeping the property. They are motivated to sell and their asking price is below market value. It’s a steal. If you guys don’t grab it, someone else will as soon it gets listed.”
“How is this supposed to work?” asked Sam. “I can’t afford this place.”
“We can,” Ricky chimed in. “Like I said, you can move in and once we’re married, I’ll join you. Whatever is left on my lease, I’ll just pay off.”
“I can’t believe you pulled this off so fast,” Sam said in amazement.
“You want to see the rest of the house?” asked Amanda.
Sam nodded her head as she walked towards the stairs.
“How many bedrooms does it have?”
“Two bedrooms upstairs, a master and guest bedroom downstairs. They each have their own full bathroom. There is another half bathroom downstairs, along with a study, living area, kitchen and dining room. The total square footage is twenty-four hundred feet.”
They toured the upstairs and went back down to see the rest of the house. Sam then went to the back door and looked at the back yard. It was small but quaint. The owner obviously had a green thumb and had landscaped the yard to look like an English garden.
“What do you think?” Sam asked Ricky as she looked at him.
“I think it’s perfect.”
“So do I,” she said.
Ricky looked at Amanda. “Will you make the offer?”
I’ll do it right now, she said as she took out her phone. “Asking price?”
“Go five above it. We don’t want to risk losing it.”
Amanda walked towards the kitchen while she made the phone call. Sam looked at Ricky. 
“I still can’t believe you did this,” she said as she sat down on the window sill and looked out the window.
Ricky walked over by her and leaned against the wall on the other side of the window. Sam just looked around and took it all in. They didn’t say much. Ricky just watched her. 
“I have another surprise for you,” he said as he took her hand.
“You’re full of surprises today, aren’t you?”
“I think you’ll like this one,” Ricky answered.
“I couldn’t like it any more than a new house!” she exclaimed.
Laughing, Ricky led her into the utility room. “Go in and close the door.”
Sam looked at him kind of funny and then went into the room. She closed the door and on the back of the door, saw a garment bag hanging on a hook. Unzipping it, she knew what it was right away. She went quiet for a while and then opened the door.
“You bought me my wedding dress?” she asked softly.
“Amanda helped me find it.” 
“I don’t know what to say,” she said as tears rolled down her cheeks. 
“Tell me you’re happy,” he said.
She walked over to him and put her arms around him. “I couldn’t be happier.”
Less than twenty minutes later, Amanda came back in the room.
“Looks like you just bought yourself a house! Congratulations!”
“Really?” Sam asked in disbelief.
“That was quick,” Ricky commented.
“I called their realtor and the owner’s son had given him instructions to accept an offer for asking price. Going over made it easy.”
Sam threw her arms around Ricky. Had he not been leaning against the wall, she might have knocked him over. She kissed him and then with arms up in the air, ran over to Amanda and hugged her too.
Amanda laughed.
“Thank you, Amanda,” Sam said as she squeezed her.
“You’re welcome, sweetie,” she replied. “I guess you saw the dress already?”
“I did. I can’t believe you guys did this.”
Ricky came over and put his arms around both of them.
“I really appreciate your help,” he told Amanda.
“Anything for my sister and brother-to-be,” she exclaimed. “Now I need to go back to the office and get the paperwork moving. Ricky, I’ll need a check for the earnest money as soon as you can drop it by.”
“I’ll bring it by tomorrow morning,” he promised.
“Okay,” she said. “You two let me go so I can get to work,” she said laughing.
They all walked to the front door. Carrying her dress, Sam took one final look around as she went through the living room. Out on the porch, Amanda locked the door and gave Sam another hug.
“Thanks again, Amanda,” Ricky said with sincerity.
“You’re welcome. I’m so happy for you two,” she said as she hurried to her car.
Sam embraced Ricky and waved to her sister as she drove away.
“Want to go take a walk on the beach?” he asked.
“I’d love too.”












XXIX

After putting the dress in the car, they strolled across the street, arm in arm, and walked along Carson Beach. 
“Can I ask you something?” Sam asked as she slid her arm down to her side.
“Sure.”
She stopped walking and turned to look at the bay.
Ricky wasn’t sure what she wanted to say. He stood there and waited patiently.
Turning to him, she crossed her arms and asked, “When we were at your Air Force ceremony, Colonel Coleman spoke to me. It seemed like he knew you were going to ask me to marry you. Did he?”
Ricky slowly nodded his head up and down as he looked at her. “I wanted to ask you for some time now.”
“But you waited. You asked me at the baseball game instead. Why?”
Ricky stepped next to her and looked out at the boats on the water. 
“I thought about asking you before the ceremony. I thought you might feel more comfortable going as my fiancé. But I waited until we came back so I could take you to a game and ask you there.”
Ricky looked at her. The wind had swept her hair across her face. She stood there with tears in her eyes. She knew why he did it. He looked back out at the water.
“I don’t like how some people have treated you, Samantha. I think you deserve better. What that guy did, at the baseball game, in front of everyone…that was wrong. And I know it took something away from you because you like to go to the games. I thought maybe me asking you there might right that wrong and let you enjoy it again. So I waited.”
Sam turned and looked back out over the water. Tears were running down her cheeks now.  “I have had some bad moments in my life,” she confided. “But you’ve made them all better,” she said looking at him. “I’m glad you waited. I love you so much.”
Ricky turned and looked at her. He brushed her hair back behind her ear. And then Sam threw herself into his arms.
“I always new love would win,” she said. “Thanks for coming into my life, Ricky Jackson.”
He held for a moment, and then replied, “Thanks for saving mine.” 
They stood there sated, holding each other before finally sitting down on the beach. Sam sat between his legs and rested her head against his chest as she interlocked fingers with him. He lowered his head against hers and they sat there; and watched the sun set.

