

Love Only Me

USA Today Bestselling Author
Amanda Mariel

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organizations, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Copyright © 2018 Amanda Mariel
All rights reserved.

No part of this book may be reproduced, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the express written permission of the publisher.

Published by Brook Ridge Press

Dedication

For my daddy—you will always be in my heart and the first person I think of when horses are mentioned.

Titles by Amanda Mariel
Ladies and Scoundrels series
Scandalous Endeavors
Scandalous Intentions
Scandalous Redemption
Scandalous Wallflower
Coming soon to the Ladies and Scoundrels series
Scandalous Liaison

Fabled Love Series
Enchanted by the Earl
Captivated by the Captain
Enticed by Lady Elianna
Delighted by the Duke

Lady Archer’s Creed series
**Amanda Mariel writing with Christina McKnight**
Theodora
Georgina
Adeline
Josephine

Scandal Meets Love series
Love Only Me
Find Me Love
Coming next to the Scandal Meets Love series
If Its Love

A Rogue’s Kiss Series
Her Perfect Rogue
Coming next to the A Rogue’s Kiss Series
Her Perfect Scoundrel
His Perfect Hellion

Stand-alone titles
Love’s Legacy
One Moonlit Tryst
One Enchanting Kiss

Wicked Earls’ Club
**Titles by Amanda Mariel**
Earl of Grayson
Coming soon to the Wicked Earls’ Club
Earl of Edgemore

Connected by a Kiss
How to Kiss a Rogue (Amanda Mariel)
A Kiss at Christmastide (Christina McKnight)
A Wallflower’s Christmas Kiss (Dawn Brower)
Stealing a Rogue’s Kiss (Amanda Mariel)
Coming soon to the Connected by a Kiss series
A Gypsy’s Christmas kiss (Dawn Brower)
A Duke’s Christmas Kiss (Tammy Andresen)

Box sets and anthologies
Visit www.amandamariel.com to see Amanda’s current offerings.


Chapter One

Suffolk, England
April 1812

Lady Narissa Goodwin had never been the conventional sort. Raised by her gambler father, she’d grown up around card games, horse races, and drinking. As she strolled across the turf at Newmarket, ready to ride her horse Merlin, she glanced at the crowd of spectators gathered for the race. Narissa could not be more ready for the days’ events. A grin spread across her face.
Gentlemen lined the course dressed in fine day coats and breeches, their cravats starched and tied expertly. Bookmakers collected wagers and called out odds while jockeys mounted their horses and prepared for the race. The thrill of the day vibrated in the air. A slight spring breeze cooled her skin and the sun shone brightly. There could not be a more perfect day for a race.
Her gaze stopped on a group of ladies who peered at her with disapproval radiating from their eyes. Narissa paid them no mind as she turned her attention back to the turf. Before long, she would be racing along the course, Merlin’s hoofs pounding beneath her. A controlled wildness one would have to experience to understand, and she thrived on it. She cared not what a group of dull ladies thought about her.
Papa’s words echoed in her head, ‘You have but one life. Live it on your own terms, Poppet’. Narissa did just that, she raced with the best, ran her own gaming hell, and lived by her own set of rules—society be damned. She notched her chin confidently as she took Merlin’s reins.
“Thank you,” she said to the groom.
He offered a smile and nod before she glanced back at the crush of people assembled beyond the track. A few ladies standing closer to the turf than ladies normally did had been watching her but turned away when she caught their gaze. She recognized one of them, Lady Ophelia, wife of an earl. The lady frequented Narissa’s gaming hell, Fortuna’s Parlor, named after her first thoroughbred. A gift from her beloved papa for her thirteenth birthday.
At the club, Lady Ophelia went out of her way to chat with Narissa. Funny how differently the lady treated her in public, but then, many of her patrons acted in the same manner, save for a few close friends.
Most of the ton’s ladies kept their parlor doors closed to Narissa and shunned her on the streets, but the gentlemen did not share their sentiments. Rarely did a man shoot her a disapproving glare or speak out against her. In fact, they tended to act as if she belonged among them, allowing her to join their card games and such. Perhaps it was a result of having known her papa. Perhaps it was the source of the ladies scorn for her? Regardless, she did not give a whit.
She nudged the chestnut colt into motion. Narissa had been anticipating this race for months. Excitement thrummed in her veins as the well-muscled horse moved beneath her. She’d been born for this. Leastwise that is what Papa had always said, and she most certainly believed it. 
The thrill of racing was in her blood the same as it was Merlin’s. Together, they were a force the likes of which the ton had not seen before. All of England would soon know it. Merlin ran fast and free like the wind, a born racer. Her own spirited nature only served to compliment the thoroughbreds. Together they were unstoppable. Drawing him to a halt at the starting line, she stroked the animals’ neck. “Let us show them what we are made of,” she whispered.
Papa crossed her mind and she glanced up at the heavens. She’d give anything for him to be here now. He would be exceedingly pleased. Merlin had been bred from Papa’s prize stallion, and it had been his dream to race the horse. Together they had started the horses’ training. After Papa passed away, she was determined to see his dream brought to reality. 
She closed her eyes. Papa, I hope you are watching. A gentle breeze wrapped around her as if in answer and her chest tightened. She missed him dearly—always would. In her heart, she knew he was watching, cheering, as he would at Epsom, and she found a measure of comfort in the knowledge. Papa had always been her champion.
She turned her attention to the other riders lining up for the Two Thousand Guineas sweepstakes race over the Riley Mile. The twelve-horse field looked impressive, though it did not shake her confidence in Merlin. He could outrun all of them. The bookkeepers had picked him as the favorite. She’d heard the frenzy of betting with many gentlemen placing wagers on her mount. She, too, had bet on Merlin for the win.
Even now, a crowd surrounded the bookmaker, placing last-minute wagers. Off to the side, a tall man with midnight black hair caught her attention. The way he studied her with his piercing blue eyes sent a chill straight through her. Who the deuce was he? And why did he take such an interest in her?
Narissa tore her gaze away, determined not to let the stranger shake her. She bent low over Merlin, then inhaled his scent, calming herself. Nature, the mingling of hay, horse sweat, and dust—there was nothing more refreshing, more capable of bringing her into the moment.
Merlin bolted at the signal to start. Narissa’s muscles strained with the effort required to hold him back. Heart pounding, excitement thrumming through her, she focused on the course awaiting the perfect time to loosen her hold on the reins, and unleash Merlin’s full speed. Yes, this is what she lived for—the thrill of competition. The satisfaction found in victory. And make no mistake, victory would be hers.
* * * *
Seth Blakey, Duke of Blackmore, could not take his attention from the turf. Not that he wished to as his own horse, Highflier, was among the racers. However, it was the lady rider that held him captive. Where had she come from? And what the devil was a female doing jockeying at Newmarket? This was a competitive male field, not suitable for the gentler sex. 
Prying his attention from her, he looked at the whole field of horses. Highflier had the lead by a head. His competition, a well-muscled black, fought to close the gap, while the rest of the horses ran in a cluster a few furlongs behind. The woman trailed the field at the back of the pack, though not by any great distance.
Calls of ‘Come on’, ‘Go, Merlin, go’, ‘Come on Highflier’, and ‘Move Gypsy Dancer, filled the air around him. A frenzy of chants and curses from the crowd rang out from the sidelines as the horses approached the final stretch. 
Seth remand silent, his focus on the woman whose mount was overtaking the field with a burst of speed. Merlin took to the inside, passing the cluster of trailing horses before closing the distance on Highflier and the black who remained neck in neck with him. Bloody hell, the woman could ride. And she’d not used the whip at all.
For the first time since the race began, he saw the real possibility of losing. Something he could not abide. He leaned closer to the rail and bellowed, “Move it, Highflier. Use the damn whip!” His gaze skittered between the three horses battling it out for the lead.
“Come on Highflier!” he yelled as his horse and Merlin pulled ahead of the black, nose and nose. Not only did he stand to lose the prize purse, but he’d also bet ten thousand pounds on Highflier winning. “Use the whip, dammit!” He screamed across the turf at his own jockey as Merlin pulled into the lead. What the devil was his rider doing?
Pulse thrumming, he tossed his program to the ground as Merlin raced across the finish line leaving Highflier in second place. Merlin and his female rider were not among the initial field of entrants, but were late editions added only this morning. A complete surprise that left him at a disadvantage, not that he would have scratched Highflier from the race—he could not have even if he’d wanted to. 
Bloody hell, he should have won. Who the hell was the woman? And where had that horse come from? Determined to find out, Seth moved toward the finish line.
“Your Grace,” a baritone voice called after him.
His irritation increased as he turned toward the man. “Lord Stanford.” The older man smiled, his brown eyes sparkling, the skin at their edges creased with age.
“Your horse ran a fine race, today. If not for Merlin, you surely would have won.”
Seth swallowed. He did not need nor want a reminder of what had just occurred. Though he did have unanswered questions. “Who is the woman that rode Merlin?”
Lord Stanford glanced to where the jockeys now congregated. “A true hoyden that one. Lady Narissa Goodwin. She’s a rare breed, beautiful and brazen. There should be more like her.”
Goodwin. Where had Seth heard that name? He looked at the beauty that had dismounted and removed her riding cap, revealing tightly bound chestnut locks. “Lord Haddington’s daughter?”
“Indeed.” The older man clapped a hand on Seth’s shoulder. “Ladies like her breed excitement. They keep a man young, you know.” He flashed a fine set of crafted ivories. “In my day they ruled society.”
Seth disagreed with the old man’s musings, though he kept his opinion to himself. Women like Lady Narissa were foolish. They would bring a man to ruin and had no care for their own reputations or safety. It mattered not to him, for he had no desire for lasting connections. Though he may have a short-term use for this particular hellion. “If you will excuse me.” 
Lord Stanford gave a nod before turning away.
Seth strolled through the crush of spectators, toward Lady Narissa. A crowd of gentlemen surrounded her, offering their congratulations and complimenting her skill as well as her mount. He stopped short of reaching her to watch the frenzy and wait for his opening. Squinting against the sun’s rays, Seth studied her from the shiny braided mass of hair at the back of her head to her boot-clad feet.
Her golden eyes twinkled against her tanned skin reminding him of fine whisky. Full pink lips grinned at her crowd of admirers, emitting whimsical laughter now and again as the gentleman spoke. She could not be much over five feet tall. An imp of a woman, but Lord Stanford had been correct. Lady Narissa was indeed a beauty. The fact only served to rankle him more.
She said something he could not make out, then began moving away from her admirers. This was his chance. Seth sprinted after her, calling out her name, “Lady Narissa.”
“I truly must be—” Her gaze caught on him, brows creasing. “Have we meet?”
“No. I am the Duke of Blackmore, Seth Blakey.” He offered a friendly smile, his annoyance at having lost the race forgotten the moment he drew near her.
“A pleasure to meet you, Your Grace.” She glanced down, swiping a hand over her dusty riding jacket. “Perhaps we will become better acquainted some other time.” She turned to take her leave.
How dare the vixen dismiss him? “Wait,” he said in a firm tone he hoped brokered no argument.
Scowling, she returned her attention to him. “I haven’t the time for games right now.”
“Very well then, I will cut straight to the point.” He rocked back on his heels. “I want you to ride Highflier at Epsom.”
“I will be riding, Merlin. Good day, Your Grace.” She turned on her heels and began to march away.
“I will give you five thousand pounds,” he called after her.
“Keep your blunt.” She tossed the words over her shoulder. The sway of her hips confident as she grew smaller in the distance.
Had he ever met a more self-assured, infuriating woman? She acted as if he were below her. A bothersome pest circling her tiara. Yet, he found himself captivated, wanting to know more about her. A foolish notion, he was certain.
Seth kicked at the ground, causing a plume of dust to fill the air. Let the hellion ride Merlin. It would make no difference to him. He’d train more speed into his mount. Find a more skilled rider. Do whatever was necessary to win at Epsom. As it were, his horse had nearly won. If he trained him a bit harder, Highflier could, no would, beat Merlin. In the meantime, he would keep an eye on Tattersall’s offerings. The she-devil would not best him at Epsom.
Not unless she changed her mind and rode for him.


Chapter Two

London, England

Narissa strolled across Madam Josephine Debroux’s shop, a smile curving her lips when she found Josephine relaxing in her office.
“Do tell.” Josephine repositioned herself on the gold brocade chair she’d been lounging in. “Did you find victory?”
Narissa took the chair opposite from her modiste, who was in truth, more of a friend. “The competition was stiff, but the odds favored Merlin.” She paused, meeting Josephine’s warm gaze. “We were victorious indeed.”
A wide grin spread across Josephine’s face, her warm gaze sparkling. “I knew you would be. Never doubted it.” She beamed. “Your papa would be so proud. Let us celebrate.” Josephine strolled from her office to the dress shop door and turned the lock.
Narissa stood, smoothing the wrinkles from her green dress. She had bathed and donned a frock hastily before coming to Madame Debroux’s, intent to see her friend and check on her gaming hell. When Josephine returned to the office, Narissa said, “Then let us go above stairs and have a scotch. I dearly wish to check on my club.” 
Josephine gave a nod, signaling for Narissa to lead the way.
Narissa strolled through the shop to the door hidden behind the fitting room that displayed the name of her secret, all female gaming hell, Fortuna’s Parlor. The letters scrolled in black across a brass plate. In the rear of the building, another door led into the club, but it bore no sign in order to maintain secrecy. All the same, her members were familiar with it as well as how to gain entry.
Narissa had made a fortune gambling with her pin money before papa passed away. After his death, she came up with the idea for Fortuna’s Parlor. During a fitting for new riding clothes, she shared her desire to open a female gaming club with Josephine—her longtime modest. Josephine offered to rent Narissa the space above her shop, and Fortuna’s was born.
Now Narissa did all she could to guard her club and see it flourish. She catered to societies upper crust ladies and their need for both adventure and secrecy. All the while, Narissa watched her fortune grow while doing the things she most enjoyed. She’d managed to carve out her own version of a perfect life.
Narissa pulled open the door and started up the stairs with Josephine behind her. The dark haired man from Newmarket sprang into the forefront of her mind. Why the devil had he upset her so? It wasn’t as if he’d been the first man to ever study her. Nor had he been the first to incite her anger. She glanced back at her friend. “There was a man at the race.”
“Several, I imagine.” Josephine gave a wave of her hand. “What makes one stand out from the rest?”
“I noticed him watching me before the race started. He seemed to be studying me, and I must admit that I found it rather unsettling. It was as if he knew I had secrets and wished to discover them.” Narissa glanced around the grand space before she strolled toward her office. 
She had a full house tonight. Ladies sat around green baize tables, some chatting and laughing, others with serious expressions focused on the game at hand—faro, whist, rouge et noir, and hazard among them. Tonight would be profitable, indeed. She grinned. 
Narissa caught Lady Brooke Lynwood’s attention and waved her over to join their celebration. Brooke, the daughter of an earl, had been one of Fortuna’s first members and had become a close friend to Narissa. She was one of few ladies who did not publicly shun Narissa while embracing her privately. Furthermore, the pair had much in common and lived by similar philosophies—neither giving a fig for what the ton deemed appropriate.
Leaving the door ajar for Brooke, Narissa and Josephine entered the office. “It was almost as though he were looking into my soul. He had the most captivating blue eyes.” She shuddered at the memory emblazoned into her mind. “I swear they cut right through me.”
“Did you speak with him?” Josephine lifted a decanter from the carved mahogany sideboard and began pouring tumblers of scotch.
“Speak with whom?” Lady Brooke stepped into the office closing the door behind her.
Narissa accepted a tumbler from Josephine and took a drink, relishing the heat that spread through her, before replying. “His Grace, the Duke of Blackmore. And indeed, I did.”
“I am acquainted with him.” Brooke took the tumbler Josephine offered. “I have played cards with his sister, Lady Hannah, a few times. I met him through her, though it was but a brief introduction. He is a handsome devil.”
“Never mind him. I am far more interested in his sister.” Narissa strolled to the window that overlooked the gaming floor. Papa would love what she’d created here. An image of him playing at the tables formed in her mind. How many times had she witnessed such a scene growing up? 
Her mind flashed back to the first time Papa had allowed her to join in on a game. She’d been sixteen and the only lady in the card room. Papa had beamed and jested good naturally with the other gentleman when Narissa won. From that day forward, she was always allowed a seat at the table when the gentleman gathered. God, she missed him.
Narissa turned back to Brooke. “Is the lady fit for membership?”
“I believe she would be a good addition.” Scotch in hand, Brooke positioned herself on a chase. “She is free-spirited and holds her own around a deck of playing cards.”
“Bring her tomorrow night.” Narissa stared out at the crush of gambling ladies. 
What did she hope to accomplish by meeting the duke’s sister? She did not know, however, it could only benefit her to learn more about the man in case they should cross paths again. Papa had long ago taught her to keep as many tricks as possible up her sleeve. Lady Hannah would be an ace against her brother, the Duke of Blackmore, should Narissa ever require one.
“I can do better than tomorrow. I am to meet with her this evening, within the hour as a matter of fact. We were to go for a ride in Hyde Park. I will bring her here instead.” Blue eyes sparkling, Brooke lowered her glass to the marble table beside her, “If it pleases you.”
“Indeed it does.” Narissa sighed, her shoulders relaxing.
“Are you planning to keep us in suspense all night?” Josephine asked from where she leaned against the sideboard. “Or do you intend to tell us about your duke?”
“He is not my anything.” Narissa took another deep drink. “All the same, I will fill you in.”
Josephine settled more comfortably, her attention solidly trained on Narissa.
“After the race, once my well-wishers had dispersed, the duke approached me. He requested that I ride for him at Epsom.”
Brooke’s eyes rounded. “The nerve! Surely, he knew you rode for yourself.”
“I do not know that he did. After all, Merlin is still registered under Papa’s name.” Narissa ran her finger around the rim of her tumbler. “I really must update that. All the same, I have no wish to ride for anyone else and I told the duke as much.”
“Good for you,” Josephine said, giving a matter of fact nod of her head.
“Thank you.” Narissa smiled, she did so adore these women and considered herself kissed by good fortune that she got to refer to them as friends. “After I declined, the duke offered to pay me an absurd sum to change my mind. Five thousand pounds, can you imagine?”
“I may have agreed for that much blunt.” Josephine carried the decanter to Narissa before topping off her tumbler.
“Say you did not.” Brooke held her own glass out for a refill. “It is a great deal of coin, but you are already wealthy.”
“Of course I stayed steadfast, refusing the offer and marching away.” Though a part of her wished she’d entertained the duke a bit more. Allowed the conversation to go further. Not that she ever would have agreed to ride for him.
Josephine raised her tumbler. “Cheers to you, my lady, my friend.”
“Cheers, indeed.” Brooke followed suit. “As well as congratulations on your most recent win.”
Narissa lifted her tumbler. “And here is to victory at Epsom.” 
The duke would be there, and she would not cede to him. Merlin had better times than any horse she had ever trained. He ran a mile in under two minutes and required no whip. Furthermore, he ran equally well on dirt or grass. She doubted there were many other horses out there like him, and fewer capable of besting him. The duke would soon know it, too.
“Yes, to Epsom.” Brooke notched her chin.
“And to besting the duke.” Josephine winked. “I’d wager all I have that your father is proud as a peacock watching over you.”
Narissa smiled, then drained her glass. She looked at Brooke. “Do bring the duke’s sister at once. I should very much like to make her acquaintance.” 
Brooke nodded, rising from her seat. “I will return within a couple hours’ time.”
Narissa placed her tumbler on the sideboard. It would not serve her to be foxed when the lady arrived. “Thank you, Brooke.”
Josephine retrieved a deck of cards from the top of Narissa’s desk as Brooke took her leave. “Shall we pass the time with a friendly game of piquet?”
Narissa accepted the cards and began shuffling as she took a seat near the fireplace.
“While we are at it, you can tell me what you have planned for the duke’s sister.” Josephine gave a knowing grin.
“How is it that you understand me so well?” Narissa laughed, then without waiting for an answer, said, “I am not certain as of yet, but believe she could prove useful.”
“Indeed.” Josephine fanned her cards out.
After several hands of piquet, a knock came at the door, drawing Narissa’s attention. It had to be Brooke with the duke’s sister. Her excitement spiked. “Enter.”
Lady Brooke strolled in, followed by a petite woman with midnight curls and the same piercing blue eyes as the duke. Narissa sat her cards aside and stood. “You must be Lady Hannah.”
“And you must be Lady Narissa. Brooke has told me a great deal about you and your club. I am honored to be here.” The lady bestowed a genuine smile, excitement radiating from her.
 “It is my pleasure to have you. And do call me Narissa. We are all friends here.” Narissa retrieved a tumbler and offered it to the lady. “Come, sit.”
Hannah accepted, taking a sip of the scotch before positioning herself on the chase near Brooke. “It is very impressive…what you have built here.”
“Fortuna’s is a labor of love.” Narissa offered a grin. “Is it your wish to become a member?”
“I would very much like the honor.” Hannah returned Narissa’s smile.
“Then let us get to know each other better.” Narissa sipped from her scotch. “Tell us all about you. Your family, hobbies, leave nothing out.”
Hannah sat her tumbler aside and folded her hands in her lap. “I am afraid there isn’t much to tell. My parents are deceased. The duke of Blackmore is my brother and guardian. He brought me to London hoping to secure a suitable marriage for me.”
“Do you wish to be married?” Narissa studied her finding nothing off in the tone of her voice or her body language.
“No, leastwise not yet. Once married, I fear that I will lose the freedom to do the things that I enjoy.”
“Such as?” Narissa prodded.
Hannah retrieved her tumbler and held it up. “For starters, a husband is not likely to approve of me drinking scotch.” She tipped the glass against her lips and drained the contents. “Nor would he approve of my spending time in a gaming hell or attending secret female fencing matches in darkened gardens.”
“I take it you have met Lady Diana?”
Hannah smiled. “Indeed. I found her delightful.”
Josephine retrieved the decanter and refilled Hannah’s tumbler before topping of Narissa and Brooke’s. “Do you enjoy fencing?”
“Regrettably, I have never had the occasion to try my hand at the sport. I do rather enjoy spectating though.”
Narissa swirled the scotch in her glass. “Does your brother approve of how you spend your time?”
“Heaven’s no.” Hannah shook her head. “He doesn’t know the half of it, but what he does know makes him want to lock me away.”
Narissa laughed. She had the distinct feeling that whether or not she learned anything useful about the duke, Hannah would be a welcome addition to the club.


Chapter Three


Seth rubbed the sleep from his eyes as he strolled along the line of stalls at Tattersall’s. Hannah had snuck out last night, resulting in his keeping watch for her return until nearly sun up. He had to do something about his hellion sister before she ruined any chance of making a good match for herself. The unapologetic minx strolled into their townhouse in the early morning hours as if she’d done nothing wrong, bid him goodnight, and retired to her room behind a locked door.
He should have throttled her. Though he’d wager a good whipping would straighten Hannah out, he wasn’t the sort to result to such violence. The very idea of anyone striking a woman made his stomach sour and incited his anger. No, Hannah did not need to be beaten, but she most certainly did require a husband—and sooner rather than later.
“What has you so addled?” His long-time friend, Graham Fulton, the Marquess of Ramsbury, asked.
“Hannah robbed me of sleep yet again.” Seth glanced at the rows of stalls as he made his way down the path toward the stallion he’d come to bid on.
“Did she have an explanation?”
Seth shook his head. “Does she ever bother to defend her actions?”
“Perhaps you should arrange a marriage for her and be done with it.” Ramsbury flicked something from his coat sleeve, amusement lighting his green eyes.
Seth peered at him, sharing none of his good humor. “You know I cannot.” His mind roamed back to earlier times, before his parents’ tragic accidents. Both Mother and Father gone forever in the span of a fortnight. Father had died first when his carriage careened off an embankment. Mother followed, her neck broken in a fall down the stairs.
Before Mother’s death, she’d requested an audience with Seth to discuss Hannah’s future. She’d made him swear to allow Hannah a choice in husband. He could not go back on his promise no matter how troublesome his sister had become.
“What I should have done was stayed in Yorkshire. Hannah is woefully unprepared for London.” He cut a look at Ramsbury. “If not for that blasted promise.”
“Stop with the bloody oath. There is no reason to take everything so seriously. You never agreed to allow Hannah free rein. Present her with a couple of gentlemen and make her choose one. Have done with it and resume your own life.” Ramsbury nodded to a passing gentleman.
A novel idea. Why hadn’t Seth thought of it before? Hannah would no doubt revolt against having her hand forced, but in the end, he would see her settled. Alas, he very well knew that was not his mother’s intention when she’d made him promise to allow Hannah a choice. “Are you offering yourself up for consideration, Ramsbury?”
“Gads no! Though I am certain many a gentleman would.” Ramsbury nodded at a nearby stall, housing a large grey stallion. “There’s the one we came for.”
Seth chuckled at his friend’s disdain as he moved to stand before the stall gate, studying the horse within. Banshee, a three-year-old grey stallion of superb bloodlines. The horse had yet to be tested on the turf but was rumored to have been born on the wings of the wind. The beast had everyone talking, and would no doubt bring about a bidding war. How many others had stood before this very stall today? It did not matter. Seth would own the horse by auctions end.
Banshee reared up, snorted, then approached the gate, allowing Seth to reach in and run a hand down his nose. Judging by the horse’s well-muscled frame and feisty disposition, Seth had no doubt this creature could beat Merlin, as well as any other horse it went up against. He turned to Ramsbury. “Banshee will win at Epsom and I will be the proud owner.”
“You get ahead of yourself, Your Grace. It is rumored a great many are interested in this particular bit of horseflesh.” Ramsbury studied the beast, one of his eyebrows arched slightly.
“But few have my blunt.” Seth clapped Ramsbury on the shoulder. 
“Oh hell, perhaps I will bid on the beast if for no other reason than to take your arrogance down a notch.”
“You wouldn’t dare.” Seth shot him a good-natured glare. 
Ramsbury chuckled. “Let us move to the auction space.”
Tattersall’s fairly vibrated with excitement as the crowd gathered beneath the veranda in the yard. Gentleman stood in clusters, leaned against posts, and waved papers around with enthusiasm as all awaited the auctions start. Seth wove his way through the crowd, determined to find a good spot. He looked at Ramsbury. “Half of London must be here.”
“I do hope none have more blunt than you,” Ramsbury called, then winked good-naturedly. 
“Bite your tongue.” Seth chuckled as he stepped around a group of gentlemen before stopping to lean against a pillar. A black barouche with silver joints and mountings was brought out for bidding and the auctioneer began. 
Bids started. Calls of ‘fifty guineas’ followed by ‘seventy-five guineas’ were yelled by gentlemen on opposite sides of the auction yard.
“I have seventy-five guineas, do I hear one hundred? One hundred guineas,” the auctioneer called, brushing back a stray lock of hair.
Seth looked around the space, wondering how many of these gentlemen had designs on Banshee. Tattersall’s was packed with people from all walks of life, the upper crust of society and poor folk alike. Had he ever seen it so full? 
“Quite the turnout, I must say.” Ramsbury’s voice was laced with humor. “I do hope you brought a significant amount of coin.”
“Leave off with your jesting. I’ve heard enough.” Seth crossed his arms over his chest. His friend was enjoying this entirely too much. He turned back to Ramsbury, about to shoot him a peering glance when his gaze caught on a nearby woman. 
Seth’s breath hitched as he studied the woman. “Bloody hell, what is she doing here?”
Ramsbury turned in the direction of Seth’s gaze. “Who?”
“Stop staring.” Seth’s tone rankled.
Ramsbury turned back. “Very well, but do tell me who you are referring to.”
“The she-devil over by the corner. The short brunet standing beside the blonde.” How the devil had she gained admittance in the first place? She’d not even had the decency to disguise herself in order to protect her reputation. Had she no care?
Ramsbury glanced back at the women. “The one in the red riding habit?”
Seth fought to keep control of his growing frustration. “Yes.”
Ramsbury arched a brow. “What has the beauty done to have you so ruffled?”
Bloody hell, he wished men would stop referring to her in such a way. “She bested me at Newmarket, then refused my offer for her to ride Highflier at Epsom. A bloody good offer I might add.”
“I am not at all surprised. Lady Narissa is a renowned rider.”
Seth scowled, his irritation increasing tenfold. “Why the deuce didn’t you come right out and say you knew her?”
“I do not recall you having asked.” Ramsbury grinned, leaning back against a post and crossing his legs at the ankles.
Maybe Ramsbury could satisfy his curiosity. Perhaps give him some useful morsel he could use to persuade the lady to change her mind. At the very least, he’d like her to explain how she got into the auction when women were not allowed. “I am asking now. Tell me what you know about the chit?”
“I know she has your ire up.”
Blast it all, he needed a stiff drink and Ramsbury wasn’t helping matters in the least. Seth closed his eyes, seeking a bit of calm. “Do not be addle-brained.”
“Careful old chap, or I may decide you have designs on her.”
A bloody ridiculous thing to think. Seth studied the woman. She was striking, but he’d never fancy a vixen like her. “Believe what you will. Now tell me what you know.”
Seth kept his attention on the woman. She appeared to be just like any other, dressed fashionably, her hair styled in a proper way, fan and reticule in her hands. By looking at her now, one would never guess what a hellion she was. Except, of course, for the fact that she stood in the midst of a male-only auction.
What cause could she have for being here? Did she intend to bid on Banshee? His muscles tensed as he continued to watch her. If she’d set her cap on the bloodhorse, she would not win. He would bid every farthing he had to make sure of it.
“She is the only child of the late Earl of Haddington, Fredrick Goodwin, renowned gambler. As such, she moves in many male circles. No one seems to mind. I have met her a few times and assure you she is a lovely lady. Unconventional and charming.”
Seth huffed. “If you like your women viper-tongued, I suppose you would find her pleasing. Now tell me something I did not already know about the little vixen.”
Ramsbury chuckled. “I find her refreshing, as do many other gentlemen of the ton.”
“Perhaps you should court her,” Seth said dryly.
“I have considered it. Alas, the lady makes it clear to all that she has no wish to settle into matrimony. Nor is she amiable to having a love affair. Mores the pity.”
Seth’s jaw ticked as he considered Ramsbury’s words. Very odd indeed, for what lady did not have designs on marriage? The more Seth heard about her, the more interested he became in Lady Narissa. 
Surely a lady who got away with behaving like a man had something to hide. The kind of secrets that begged one to keep the lights off. If he learned them, she would have to ride for him.
Ramsbury continued. “She is very much like her father, having been raised by him without the benefit of female guidance. Lady Narissa is known for her skills on the turf as well as at the tables. She has amassed a fortune of her own through plying the skills she learned from the earl and is quite independent as a result.” 
“Now that was interesting.” The devil if he didn’t wish to know her better. Perhaps he should approach her again. Attempt a new tactic. Friendship? Seduction? She clearly had no need for his money.
“She even trains her own thoroughbreds. Can you imagine?” Ramsbury shook his head. “She’s got some of the finest bloodhorses in England.”
“No, I cannot fathom it,” Seth replied, more determined than ever to discover all there was to know about Lady Narissa.
He started toward her but stopped when the auctioneer announced Banshee. Seth moved his attention to the horse being paraded around the yard. A fine specimen indeed. His attention went back to Lady Narissa. Bloody hell, she was watching the horse with the same intensity he felt.
The auctioneer called out the opening bid for Banshee, ‘Twenty thousand guineas’. 
With his mind set on approaching Lady Narissa and his determination to have Banshee, Seth called out, “One hundred thousand guineas”. Surely no one, not even the she-devil, would counter his bid. He took another step in her direction.
“One hundred and fifty thousand guineas,” Lady Narissa called, raising her gloved hand.
So, the hellion had come after the same horse? Seth met her glare with his own stern countenance. “Two hundred thousand guineas.” He would not allow her to best him this time, or ever again for that matter. 
“Three hundred thousand guineas.” She grinned at him, offering a contrite wave of her hand.
He increased his pace, determined to reach her as he called out, “Three hundred and fifty thousand guineas.”
Lady Narissa notched her chin, determination burning in her golden eyes. “Four hundred thousand guineas.”
Annoyance blazed within Seth. “Four hundred and fifty thousand guineas.” Seth took hold of Lady Narissa’s arm and leaned close. “What the devil do you think you’re doing?”
She peered up at him, jerking her arm free. “Four hundred and seventy thousand guineas,” she called before peering at Seth. “I am bidding on a horse I intend to win.”
“The hell you will. Five hundred thousand guineas.” He increased his bid before staring down at her. “Not this time.”
“Like you failed to secure a victory at Newmarket?” She gave a cocky grin before placing another bid. “Five hundred and twenty thousand guineas.”
She must be running out of coin, for her increments were shrinking. Seth doubled the bid, hoping to put an end to their little game, “One million and forty guineas.”
Lady Narissa’s eyes rounded. “Are you mad?”
“Perhaps, or maybe I am simply more determined than you.”
“I have one million and forty guineas, do I hear one million and fifty? One million and fifty guineas. Going once, going…” the auctioneer called out to the crowd.
“Better hurry if you wish to own the stallion.” Seth smoothed his cravat, thoroughly enjoying the indigent stare she pinned on him.
“…Twice, sold to His Grace, the Duke of Blackmore, for one million and forty guineas,” the auctioneer called.
“Go to the devil.” Lady Narissa pivoted on her heels, her companion following as she stomped away.
Seth hollered after her, “Let me know when you are ready to ride for me.”
If she were a true horsewoman, the lure of riding such a bloodhorse would prove too much to ignore. He would see her again, and he’d wager sooner rather than later. He turned when he felt a hand come down on his shoulder.
Ramsbury inclined his head. “Looks like you got what you came for.”
Seth would argue he got more than he’d intended. However, he had no wish to further discuss Lady Narissa. No desire to ponder how adorable she’d looked while engaging wills with him, nor the lack of enjoyment he gained from besting her. 
To the devil with her and the way she seemed to affect him. Now that he had Banshee, he was granted a win with or without her as his rider. He nodded at Ramsbury. “I am in want of a drink. Let us retire to the subscription room at once.”


Chapter Four

Narissa could scarcely believe the nerve of the duke. Even now, with the time that had elapsed since the auction, his actions, and more so his words, still grated on her. How dare he approach her again after Newmarket? And to add insult by tossing Banshee in her face. She ceased pacing her office and turned to Brooke. “Can you believe that scoundrel?”
Brooke flicked a speck of lint from her dress sleeve. “Are we discussing the Duke of Blackmore?”
Narissa sighed, reaching for the decanter. “Who else would I refer to in such a way?”
The blasted man strolled through her thoughts at all hours of the day and night. She could scarcely do anything without him coming to mind. She loathed herself for finding him attractive, for enjoying their battles as much as they vexed her. A small part of her wished to accept his unspoken challenge. Most of her wanted to see him hanged.
Her anger burned afresh as she recalled his words, ‘let me know when you are ready to ride Banshee’, indeed! It truly was more of a challenge than an offer. As if the pompous ass thought she wasn’t capable of refusing. She poured scotch into tumblers, handed one to Brooke and took the other to her desk. Once seated, she took a Long drink of the warm liquor.
Her gaze settled on the letters resting on her polished desk near her tumbler. They’d come from the duke, two days apart, and only served to add fuel to her annoyance. The blasted scoundrel did not give up, hassling her to ride for him and making absurd offers as though she could be bought like a street trollop. 
The devil if she would cave to his will. She flicked the corner of one letter. Why hadn’t she burned them yet? 
“It has been a sennight since the auction. Do try to let your anger go. It was only a horse, and you have so many already. Fine bloodhorses capable of running with the best.” Brooke gazed out of the office window watching the gaming floor. “Let us enjoy some cards.”
Narissa took a deep swallow of scotch, it had been her papa’s favorite, an inclination they shared, for it was always her first choice as well. “Losing the horse is the least of what angers me. He can have the damn thing with my blessing. It is his audacity that I cannot abide.”
Brooke turned to Narissa. “He is rather tenacious.”
“He’s a pompous ass not fit to lick my slippers.” Narissa set her empty tumbler aside.
Brooke laughed as she turned back to face Narissa. “My, he has gotten under your skin.” 
“No matter, I will have my revenge when Merlin beats Banshee or Highflier, or whatever bloody horse he decides to run at Epsom.”
“You most certainly will,” Brooke agreed.
“Now, let us join a game.” Narissa stood and strolled to the office door. She glanced at Brooke as she pulled the door open. Why the devil was she just standing there when it had been her who wanted to play? “Come along. This was your idea.”
Brooke smirked. “I was imagining the look on His Grace’s face when you steal another victory from him.” Brooke mimicked what she imagined the duke would look like, her jaw slack and eyes wide. Both women burst into a fit of laughter before stepping into the gaming hell.
Sobering, Narissa nodded toward a vingt-et-un table where Lady Diana and Lady Katherine were hard at play. Though she did not share the same close regard with them as she did with Brooke, she still considered both ladies among her friends. They, too, were long-time club members and she would be interested to know what they thought of  Fortuna’s newest member, Hannah, as well as, what they might know about her bothersome brother. Narissa nodded in their direction. “Let us join them.”
“I do so enjoy that game.” Brooke grinned before turning toward the green baize table.
“Good evening, ladies,” Narissa said as she took the vacant seat between Diana and Katherine. A server approached, and Narissa took a drink from the tumbler of scotch that had been handed to her. She set it aside with a nod, then smiled at the other women. “Deal us in on the next hand.”
Diana nodded before she looked back at her cards, then tapped the table with her glove covered finger. “I’ll take one more.” She peeked at the fresh card and frowned before laying it down. Two sixes and a ten, twenty-two.
“I won again.” Katherine scooped the pile of coins from the table, her gold and diamond earbobs sparkling with the movement.
“Don’t get overconfident, your luck can change at any time.” Diana notched her chin.
“Perhaps, but I am not worried.” Katherine picked up her new cards, flashing a wide grin as she did so.
Brooke followed suit, examining her hand. “What do you think of our new member, Hannah?”
Narissa glanced from her cards, a ten and a queen, to Brooke and back. “I was wondering the same thing.”
“She seems to be a good addition to the club. Holds her liquor well and plays with grace and skill.” Diana indicated that she wished for another card.
Katherine glanced at the dealer, “I’ll stay.” She glanced at Narissa, then Brooke, before returning her attention to the cards. “I’ve had occasion to associate with Hannah beyond the club walls and agree with Diana. She is a quality lady deserving of entrance here.”
“I agree with Katherine. In fact, I first meet the lady at a secret fencing match.” Diana toyed with her cards, closing them in her hand then fanning them back out.
Narissa waved her hand, refusing another card. “Good, I had hoped she would fit in here.”
“Honestly, I find her charming.” Brooke slid her fresh card across the table. “One need not spend much time with her to determine that she is a perfect hoyden without a care for what others think she ought to be doing.”
“Indeed, she is one of us.” Narissa turned her attention back to the game. She watched as first Diana, and then Brooke, flipped their cards over, revealing sixteen and nineteen, respectively. Katherine grinned as she revealed two tens. “I have twenty. Can you beat it, Narissa?”
“Perhaps,” She slowly turned her cards, first the queen and then the ten, revealing a perfect score of twenty-one.
“Ha. I told you not to gloat.” Diana lifted her tumbler, eyes sparkling. “Everyone’s luck takes a hiatus eventually.”
“Stuff it,” Katherine shot back.
Diana smirked before taking a copious sip of scotch.
“I cannot help but wonder what sort of man Hannah’s brother is. Have either of you had the occasion to meet him?” Narissa asked without looking away from her freshly dealt cards. She would hate for them to ascertain exactly how deep her interest in the devilish duke went. Still, she was obsessed and powerless to stop herself from pursuing all there was to know about the man. 
“I have not, though I should like to. I have heard that he is handsome and rich beyond measure.” Diana peeked at her cards. “I thought you meet him at Newmarket?”
Narissa scowled. “I did, but only spoke with him for a moment.”
“Mores the pity, he is every bit as handsome as people say. I met him at the Earl and Countess of Harrison’s musical last week. He’d come along to chaperone Hannah, and she introduced us. I found him surprisingly interesting.” Katherine accepted an additional card.
“I missed the musical in order to stay in bed with a headache. Perhaps I will meet him at tomorrow’s ball.” Diana motioned for more scotch. “Will you be attending, Narissa?”
Narissa slid her gaze to Brooke. Surely Brooke would have warned her if the duke had accepted an invitation. 
“Indeed, I would not miss a ball hosted by Brooke’s family.” She studied her cards, debating. Having an eight and ten did not allow for much room. If she got anything above a three she would bust. She forwent the risk, waving her hand in refusal, and stayed at eighteen. It was still a good hand.
Brooke drained her tumbler of scotch before pinning her attention on Narissa. “There is something you may wish to know…about the ball.” 
Narissa caught Brooke’s gaze and she arched an eyebrow. “What is that?”
Before Brooke could answer a commotion broke out near the entrance. Scuffling and raised voices rang out across the gaming floor.
Narissa swung around to face the commotion, her breath hitching.
“You cannot be here.” Josephine’s familiar voice rang out.
“What the devil is this place?” The duke of Blackmore’s deep voice filled the room.
Narissa’s body heated, her blood boiling in outrage. What the devil was he doing here? And how had he discovered her secret? 
“Forget what you’ve seen and leave at once,” Josephine ordered, blocking his path.
“The hell I will.” Blackmore’s words were followed by a thud, as ladies at a nearby table fled the area knocking over a chair in the process.
Narissa pushed back her chair and stood, forfeiting her hand to march toward the commotion. Fury consumed her when her glare met the Duke of Blackmore’s. One of her men, Ace, had charged ahead and now held him by the lapels, ready to remove him from the club. She should let Ace drag the pompous ass out and toss him in the alley. It would serve the duke well enough.
“You!” His Grace shot her a seething glare.
 She smirked, enjoying his discomfort. “I could say the same.”
She glanced at the women standing behind him. Josephine and a red-faced Hannah. He must have followed his sister. Bloody hell. Narissa closed her eyes for a moment. “Let him go, Ace.”
He did as she bid, releasing the duke and stepping aside. “Do you wish for me to show him out?” Ace asked.
Much as Narissa would like to have him removed, she could not risk turning him out—not now that he had discovered her gaming hell. Bloody hell, what was she to do? She drew in a deep breath and pinned her gaze on the duke. “No, that won’t be necessary. I will handle him from here.”
Blackmore had the audacity to flash his perfect white teeth in an amused grin. “I rather like the idea of you taking care of me, Lady Narissa.”
Ace gave him a slight shake before releasing him. He turned his attention to Narissa. “As you wish.” Then strolled away, but not too far from her.
Narissa turned to Josephine. “Please see that Hannah receives a drink while the duke and I have a chat in my office.”
Josephine nodded, then took Hannah’s elbow.
Hannah glanced up from the floorboards, her gaze finding Narissa’s. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be,” Narissa said, before turning back to the duke. “Follow me.” 
Narissa strolled toward the office without giving His Grace another glance. She had no need to look back, the heavy fall of his boots let her know he followed. 


Chapter Five

Seth could scarcely believe what he had wandered into—a gaming hell full of women. It was absurd, to say the least. Nearly unbelievable, and yet here he was witnessing it with his own eyes. The fact that Hannah had snuck off again came as no surprise, but what was she doing here? How had she found such a place? He closed his eyes for a second, gathering his wits.
Seeing Lady Narissa—that had left him momentarily dumbfounded. Why should it surprise him that the vixen was a part of this scandalous place? He could not fathom, for he should expect nothing less given what he knew of her. The woman clearly had no moral compass or sense of propriety, and he’d be damned if it didn’t make her all the more appealing. 
The fact only made him wish to wring her slender neck all the more.
He followed her past a row of hazard tables and into a spacious room, no doubt her office based on the large mahogany desk at the far end. Before she could do anything, Seth reached behind him and flung the oak door shut. He would have answers. “What the hell is going on here?”
She stared at him through fiery golden eyes, her shoulders squared, back straight. “I believe you are intelligent enough to answer your own query.”
He flexed his fingers at his sides. “And you are more scandalous than the ton knows.”
“You don’t say.” She shot him a smirk then moved to the sideboard where she proceeded to pour two tumblers of scotch. “Might I add that I am rather proud of it?”
The blasted woman was infuriating. All the same, he could not fight the ghost of a grin pulling at his lips. She was unlike any woman he’d ever met. A dangerous combination of wit and beauty mixed with a devil may care attitude that drove him to madness. It was all he could manage to remain standing in place as he desperately wished to take hold of her and shake her senseless—or capture her full lips beneath his.
He’d wager she tasted of whisky and honey. He took a step toward her, his trousers straining against the bulge of his manhood. Honor stopped him from continuing down that particular path, and he glanced out at the gaming floor through the large window. Hannah had to remain his focus. He pinned Lady Narissa beneath his gaze once more. “This is a female gaming hell.”
“Well done, Your Grace. Welcome to Fortuna’s Parlor.” She held a tumbler out, offering it to him. “Now, do have a seat.”
He scowled, rejecting the drink. It would be a cold day in hell before he sipped liquor with the vixen. “I would prefer to collect my sister and take our leave.”
Her eyes rounded as she sat the tumbler down. “Then what?”
He smirked. “I believe you are intelligent enough—”
She waved a hand through the space separating them. “Let us cease with this game, it has grown tiresome.” Nodding toward a chair, she said, “Do sit and let us speak frankly.” Then she situated herself in the chair opposite the gold brocade armchair she’d offered him.
He hesitated for a moment before taking the seat she’d indicated. Perhaps there was something to gain here. “I should tell all of society what you have been doing. It would serve you right to be brought to ruination.” He leaned in heart pounding. “However, I may be persuaded to hold my tongue.”
He studied her as a myriad of emotions flashed through her striking whisky eyes. Anger, frustration, determination. When they softened, he relaxed a measure, certain he had her where he wanted her.
She notched her chin. “Very well. Name your price.”
“It is not coin I seek, and you well know it.”
She narrowed her eyes. “What then?” 
The lady may be many untoward things; however, he did not believe her to be addle-brained. He had asked her twice for what he wanted. She well knew the price for his silence. What he could not be certain of was her willingness to accept his terms. “Again, I am quite certain you can figure it out.”
Lady Narissa placed her elbows on her desk and leaned forward. “You want me to ride for you at Epsom in exchange for your silence.”
“Bravo, my lady.” Seth smiled with mock sincerity. He was enjoying her discomfort. She well deserved it after the way she had dismissed him at Newmarket then drove up the price on Banshee. Not to mention, allowing Hannah inside of this godforsaken den of impropriety.
“I will not,” Lady Narissa answered, coolly.
“Then we have nothing left to say.” He stood and turned toward the door.
“Wait.”
Seth pivoted to face her, one brow arched.
“Is there nothing else I can do?”
If he did not want to win Epsom so badly, he would make an indecent proposal. Surely the fiery hellion would be delightful under the sheets. His gaze lingered on her plump lips for a moment before trailing his gaze down to her rounded breasts. No, he needed her to ride his horse—not him, as delightful as he imagined it would be. 
He shook his head. “I’m afraid not. I will allow you twenty-four hours to ponder your fate. In the meantime, I intend to collect my sister. You will assure me that Hannah’s membership is henceforth revoked?”
“Doing such may lead to more trouble. Think about it, Your Grace, if Hannah is barred from my establishment, she’s bound to seek entertainment at other venues.” Lady Narissa came to stand before him, she leaned in close. “Less secretive ones.”
Ignoring the intoxicating scent of her perfume, he replied, “That is not your concern.”
She notched her chin. “The ton is already gossiping about her. How do you think I learned of her inclinations toward gaming? At least here you know she is safe. The same cannot be said of other establishments that may allow a woman entrance.”
He hated to cede to this annoying woman, but something told him she cared for Hannah, and he could not argue the validity of her words. In fact, she could well have challenged him by using Hannah against him. Refused his terms out of hand and countered with revealing Hannah’s involvement here. His admiration for the vixen grew. “Very well, she may remain a member, but you are charged with protecting her reputation…both within these walls and outside of them.”
“As I do all of my members,” Lady Narissa said, with a confident smile.
“Then it is settled. I will call upon you tomorrow evening to get your final answer.” He leaned in close. “I caution you to think real hard before rejecting my offer as I do not bluff.”
When he pulled back, he found himself arrested by the passion flaring in her eyes and the slight flush of her cheeks. The desire to kiss her, to hold her in his arms slammed into him afresh.  
“Good day, Your Grace.” Lady Narissa turned her back to him, retrieved her tumbler, then took a long drink.
Blood warming with indignation at yet another dismissal, Seth turned on his heels and marched from the office. She could pretend indifference all she wanted. The turmoil in her gaze gave away her true feelings. He had her trapped, and they both knew it. More than that, she felt the attraction between them.
* * * *
Narissa sank into the leather chair behind her desk with a loud sigh. The duke had her by the throat. Fortuna’s was her baby; she’d worked hard to build the club into what it was today. Countless hours of hard work and sweat, sleepless nights, and scarifies went into making Fortuna’s profitable and turning it into the sought after establishment it had become. 
She had a duty to protect her club and its members. She owed it not only to herself, but to Josephine who’d believed in her dream, and all of the ladies who trusted her to keep their secrets. On the other side of her conundrum, winning at Epsom with Merlin was her dream too—the last one she shared with Papa. How could she let him down? Stomp on the last dream they shared together? It would be a terrible disservice to Papa’s memory and her own ambition.
She retrieved the scotch decanter and a crystal tumbler, then returned to her desk intending to drink copious amounts of scotch. Truly, she had only two choices and neither appealed to her. Topping off her tumbler, she took a gulp. What would Papa have her do?
With tightness in her chest, she dropped her head into her hands. Lose Fortuna’s, or give up on her and Papa’s derby dream—all of their hard work. Either way, she would lose something dear to her. No matter what she chose to do, she would be selling a part of herself and have to live with the regrets her choice caused.
The door swung open and Narissa jumped, the scotch in her tumbler splashing over the side. “Bloody hell,” she said, setting the drink aside as she looked to see who had entered her office.
Josephine and Brooke strolled in, matching looks of concern upon their faces. Brooke closed the door in their wake, while Josephine strolled across the office to sit near the desk.
“That bad, is it?” Josephine reached for the decanter, then poured herself a drink.
“The scoundrel demanded I ride for him. If not, he will tell all of England about Fortuna’s.” Narissa drained her tumbler then slid it across her desk for Josephine to refill.
“Did you agree?” Brooke asked with rounded eyes. 
“No.” Narissa drained her scotch. “He gave me until tomorrow night to change my mind.”
“How dare the scoundrel blackmail you!” Josephine shook her head.
Brooke stared out at the gaming floor, her shoulders slumping. “What are you going to do?”
If only Narissa could answer that question. She needed to think, for there had to be a way out of this. ‘There is no problem too big to solve when one engages their wit’, Papa’s words drifted through her mind. “Is Hannah still here?”
“I saw her playing faro on my way in,” Josephine said.
Narissa straightened in her chair. “Go get her.”
She grinned as Josephine left the office. Perhaps Hannah would be the key to solving her problem with the duke. Leastwise, she would provide much-needed insight. Narissa should have used the lady for leverage against her brother. She’d had the inclination to do that very thing, but in the end, could not bring herself to threaten Hannah in any way. The two of them had become friends of a sort, besides, doing so would be a direct violation of the clubs rules—her own rules.
“What do you hope to gain from Hannah?” Brooke asked, turning from the window for the first time since entering the office.
“I’m not certain, but I suspect that she may help me come up with a way to both protect Fortuna’s and ride Merlin at Epsom.” Narissa’s stomach fluttered with anticipation. Heaven help her if she were wrong.
Josephine returned with Hannah in tow and closed the door behind them. Hannah frowned as she approached Narissa’s desk. “I am eternally sorry for leading my brother here. I swear I had no idea that he followed me.”
“I do not hold you accountable. Though, I find myself in need of your help. Do sit.” Narissa angled her head at a leather chair near the desk. Sympathy welled up in her as she studied Hannah. Regret and embarrassment radiated from her gaze. Narissa had no doubt that the lady was truly regretful.
“Of course, I will do whatever you require.” Hannah sat, then accepted a tumbler of scotch from Josephine.
“The way I see it, there are two possibilities here. One, I ride for the duke at Epsom as he has demanded. Two, I call his bluff, and hope he does not make good on his threat of outing me and Fortuna’s.” Narissa studied Hannah, taking her measure. “What are the odds that your brother is bluffing?”
Hannah swallowed hard, a bloom of pink shading her cheeks. “I’m afraid my brother does not bluff. I have never known him to say he will do something and then fail to carry through.” She averted her gaze. “I am truly sorry.”
Narissa rubbed her chin. “I see no way around it then. I simply have to find a way to beat him at his own game. There has to be a way for me to ride his mount and Merlin to still win the derby.” She tapped her nails on the desks hard surface as she tried to find a solution. Damn the whiny had gone straight to her head. She could hardly think at all.
“I’ll ride Merlin.” Brooke jumped up, her eyes sparkling. “You well know my skill, and Merlin is a born racer. I need only become familiar with him.”
“If it looks as though Brooke will lose, you can hold the duke’s horse, ensuring Merlin’s victory,” Josephine added. 
“I am no black-leg. I want a legitimate race. Merlin must win because he is the better bit of blood. And because Papa and I worked hard training him.” Narissa wanted little more than to beat the duke and see Merlin as the victor, but she’d not taint herself or her papa’s memory by cheating. 
Considering Papa, Narissa let out a small laugh. He would no doubt enjoy Josephine’s idea, encourage it even, but she could not.
“My brother detests losing. When he does, it drives him to do whatever possible to win the next time around. Had you not beat him at Newmarket, he’d not be half as determined as he is to win at Epsom.” Hannah sipped from her tumbler. “I adore my brother, truly, but watching him get his comeuppance will prove delightful.”
Narissa snickered. “I could not agree more.”
“And so long as we keep the upper hand, the odds will remain in our favor,” Josephine said.
Brooke paced the length of the office. “It is imperative he does not learn of our plan before we enter Merlin in the race. If he were to discover what we are about…”
“Absolutely.” Narissa looked at Hannah. “Promise you will not speak of any of this.”
“I would not dare.” Hannah’s eyes sparkled with mischief as she drank the last bit of her scotch.


Chapter Six

Narissa dismounted in front of the Duke of Blackmore’s residence. She saw no reason to wait for the odious man to come to her, not now that her mind was made up. Therefore, she’d procured his address from Hannah and now stood before his residence. What she would give for another solution, a way to avoid all of this. Alas, she had no other recourse; she had to accept his terms.
With her head held high, shoulders back, and spine straight, Narissa marched up the wide marble steps that led to his front door. She grinned as she lifted the knocker into her gloved hand.   There was something for her to gain despite not being able to ride Merlin at Epsom. 
Training the duke’s mounts would give her firsthand knowledge as to its condition. Far better than learning about the horse from a racing program. Narissa could, and would, use what she learned to beat him at his own game.
She thumped the brass knocker against the massive oak door, then took a step back to wait. 
The door opened, revealing a grey-haired servant in perfectly pressed livery. “Good morning,” he greeted with a bow.
She smiled and handed him her calling card. “I am here to see the duke.”
“Do come in.” He stepped aside allowing her entry. “Allow me to take your cloak, my lady. Then I will show you to the receiving room.”
“Thank you.” Narissa handed the garment to him, then glanced around the impressive foyer. A double staircase laid straight ahead, its mahogany banisters curving upward to the landing. The polished marble floor shone like a mirror beneath her slippers. Intricately carved wood trimmed the room’s cream and gold papered walls. And a large crystal chandler hung from the ceiling.
She wondered if the off-putting duke ever entertained within these walls, and for a fleeting moment, imagined herself coming for a grand ball. A crush of elegant lords and ladies would fill the entry, their finery illuminated by the grand chandler as their voices filled the space. She’d wager it to be a marvelous scene.
“This way, if you please,” the servant said, interrupting her thoughts.
Narissa nodded, then followed him across the grand foyer to an open door just beyond. She entered the receiving room, which was turned out with just as much grandeur as the foyer. Taking a deep breath, she positioned herself on a blue settee trim with silver piping to await the duke’s audience.
“My lady, Would you care for some tea and biscuits while you wait?”
She glanced at the butler. “That won’t be necessary. Thank you.”
“If you have need of anything, the bell pull is right over there.” The servant angled his head toward the far corner of the room before backing out and leaving her alone with her musings. 
Narissa fidgeted with her skirt, wishing she’d worn trousers instead before settling more comfortably against the settee. She let her gaze roam about the room, from the plush carpeting to the marble hearth and stylish furnishings. Either the duke had exemplary taste, or his sister had taken charge. Either way, the residence was a perfect blend of good taste and comfort. She imagined it would be quite comfortable to live in such a residence. Not that her own residence was shabby, but this scale of grandeur would be hard to match.
Rising, she strolled over to a floor-to-ceiling window and peered out, her hand resting on the molding. Bright sun illuminated the garden beyond where cobbled trails wound their way through flowers and bushes of every variety. Her attention caught on a large stable that stood off to the back side of the vast yard. Next to the stable was what could only be a race track, two in fact. A large oval turf made of dirt and a straight run of grass both bordered by white fencing.
Excitement thrummed in her veins. She, too, had a track on her property, though it was not turned out so expertly. Perhaps this deal of theirs would prove enjoyable to some extent for she was already itching to try out the amenities.
“I can only assume you have brought me an answer?” The duke’s voice slid across her thoughts like honey—warm and smooth.
Caught off guard, Narissa turned toward the entrance, her heart beating a crescendo. The duke strolled toward her with long, confident steps. His black day coat and buff breeches hugging his masculine form. She forced her gaze to meet his and swallowed in an effort to clear her throat. “I have.”
He came to a stop in front of her. So close that his body heat radiated into her even though they did not touch. “And?” He drew out the word, arching a dark brow as he stared into her gaze.
Narissa experienced a moment of doubt. Something about this man signaled danger. Perhaps his devilish good looks? More likely his confidence. Most likely of all, her reaction to him whenever he came near. 
Devil take it, he was only a man. An insufferable ass of a man at that. Surely she did not desire him. Narissa averted her gaze, attempting to gather her wits. She’d not allow the devil to unsettle her.
He reached out, touching her shoulder. Heat spiraled through her, warming her body further. She took a step back desperately needing space. “You have left me no choice other than to agree.”
“Perfect. You will start today.” He smiled, a bone-melting roguish grin that probably had most ladies swooning into his arms.
Not her. There would be no swooning, no fantasizing, no anything. She’d do what was required of her then forget she’d even crossed paths with the Duke of Blackmore.
Narissa nodded. She would rather do almost anything other than spend time in his presence, even suffer the loss of most of her possessions. Nonetheless, she’d not risk her club. Surely, she could keep from making a cake of herself and control this situation. She had to.
“Very well. I will return this afternoon.” She started for the door in a rush to get away. Not because she found him unpleasant or detested his touch. How she wished that were the reason for her actions. But no, she found his company all too pleasant, too tempting. And far too intimate. What the devil was wrong with her? A light touch to the shoulder should not have any effect on her, but his had left her spinning.
Even now.
* * * *
Tired of waiting, Seth made his way to the stable. He ordered both Banshee and Highflier saddled, then went to the tack room to await Lady Narissa’s arrival. He wanted the horses ready so that she could get straight to work. As charming as her attributes were, he had no wish to waste time in her company—no desire to be further irritated by her sharp tongue either.
The sun had reached its highest point in the sky and would soon begin its descent. Seth wiped at his brow. Would the hellion fail to keep their bargain? If so, could he truly destroy her? Despite the existence of her club, she was not hurting anyone. In truth, he half admired her for what she’d accomplished. She was brazen and intelligent, to say the least. Both admirable qualities that were readily found in most women of his acquaintance.
If he were not careful, he may well get more than he bargained for. Lord Stanford had been correct when he said Lady Narissa was one of a kind. Wild women were nothing new to Seth, ladies included, but none compared to Lady Narissa. The spirited beauty had charisma, courage, and real strength. He did not doubt she could accomplish anything she desired. Nor did he truly believe that outing her secret would benefit anyone. 
No doubt the lady would make a better friend than foe, but could he sway her?
Grabbing a couple of sugar cubes from a container on the tack room shelf, he stepped from the room. Seth strolled down the aisle toward his new mares stall intent on giving the girl a treat. He could not stop himself from wondering if Lady Narissa had a sweet tooth.
As if he’d conjured her, Lady Narissa sauntered into the stable clad in breeches and a snug white shirt. “Your Grace.” She dipped into a quick, low curtsey, her trousers stretching across her womanly curves.
“My lady.” Seth studied her, doing his best to ignore the reaction her choice of garments was creating within him. This was the first time she had ever treated him with the curtsey due his station, and much to his surprise, he found he rather disliked it. Propriety did not suite the woman—not in the least. “You have leave to call me Seth.”
“That would be most improper.” She straightened and adjusted her hat.
“Are you suddenly concerned about your reputation?” he asked, half jesting.
“Do not tease me.” A slight blush bloomed across her cheeks. “Show me to the horse you wish me to ride.”
Not for the first time, he imagined her riding him. Her thick hair falling over her shoulders, whisky eyes swimming with reckless abandon, those lush curves beneath his hands… His blood heated with the images he conjured. 
“Your Grace.”
“Seth,” he insisted. Pushing his desire away, he led her down the row of stalls. “I would like for you to try your skills with both Banshee and Highflier. As Banshee has never been turf tested, I have no idea how well he will do. Both are ready. Which would you prefer to ride first?”
“Banshee, if you please,” she answered, her tone cheery.
What game did she play at now? Where had her attitude gone and why was she going out of her way to be pleasant? He glanced back at her, his eyes narrowed. He would get to the bottom of it later. For now, he wished to get on with the business at hand. “Very well, banshee it shall be. Come along.”
The fact she’d chosen Banshee added more allure to the already captivating woman. For all she knew—hell, for all either of them knew—the mount would not take kindly to racing. It could buck and rear, tossing her to the ground, or run off with her on its back. She could be hurt, killed even. A chill went through him as he glanced at her small frame. She was an expert horsewoman. He’d witnessed her skill in the saddle first hand.
Seth shook his head. Why the devil did her safety suddenly concern him? He had to keep his focus on the end goal, winning the derby at Epsom. Lady Narissa meant nothing to him. She was just a means of gaining his victory. It would serve him best to remember it.
He led Lady Narissa out of the stable and to the mounting area, then ordered Banshee brought out before turning his attention back to her. “I have two tracks. An oval turf and a straight away. I want to see how much speed Banshee has. Take him to the straight course and open him up.”
Lady Narissa nodded, then moved to the mounting block. Before he could assist her, she’d swung onto the horses back. “I will stop at the starting line and await your signal.”
The groom held out a whip.
She shook her head. 
The groom held it closer as if trying to force it into her hand.
“No whip.” Lady Narissa said, her tone firm.
“How do you intend to gauge his true speed without a whip?” Seth asked. He’d been involved with bloodhorses for most of his life and had always employed the whip. It was a common tool in racing.
“I never take a whip to my mounts.” Lady Narissa set the horse in motion, riding off toward the track before Seth could utter another word. 
He hurried to the gate with his stable master following behind to time the horse. Seth’s breath caught as he took in the sight of Lady Narissa illuminated by sunlight.
She leaned low over the horse, holding the reins in her small leather gloved hands, her rounded bottom hovering over the saddle enticingly. 
His stable master signaled for her to ride.
Seth stared captivated by the scene before him. The collar of Lady Narissa’s shirt billowed in the breeze revealing small peaks of creamy skin as she raced down the straightaway. A cloud of dust filled the air behind her. Crossing the finish line, she pulled the horse in, then rode over to him with a victorious smile.
“He is a natural racer,” she said, excitement dancing in her warm eyes.
Damn if she wasn’t a temptress and she rode like the devil. What an unusual woman. Seth grinned, then looked to his stable master. “Let us have it.”
“One mile in one minute, forty-three seconds, Your Grace.” The man gave a crooked-toothed grin.
With speed like that, he was sure to win the derby. Seth looked up at Lady Narissa. “Do you know of any other horse that runs as fast?”
She notched her chin. “Merlin.”
He did not doubt her. Merlin had beat Highflier after all. No matter, Lady Narissa would not be riding him at Epsom. Seth stroked his hand over Banshee’s well-muscled shoulder. “Imagine what he would do under the whip.”
She pulled the reins, turning the horse. “So long as I am riding him, no whip will be employed.”
He met her stare, ready to argue the point, but then swallowed back his retort. Her expression had grown stern. If he wished for her to jockey his mount, he’d have to cede to her wishes. He stepped closer. “Indeed. Now tell me…has he got more speed?”
“I believe so. With training, we should be able to shave off another twenty or so seconds. It is nothing more than a matter of learning his style.”
“Excellent.” The timing was already impressive. Highflier’s best workout came in at one minute, fifty-five seconds. There may not be any point in having her take the other horse out as he’d already decided on racing Banshee at Epsom, still, he wanted to see how she did with Highflier. “Let us switch your mount.”
Without so much as a by-your-leave, Lady Narissa set Banshee into a fast walk. 
Splendid, she had returned to giving him the cut direct. He should be vexed, but could not deny that he enjoyed her spirited attitude. It was far better than the fake air of propriety she’d employed earlier.
Perhaps, in time, she would come to genuinely like him as he was coming to like her.


Chapter Seven

“Bloody hell.” Narissa peered across the crowded ballroom, clutching her Champagne glass. “What the devil is he doing here?”
Brooke waved her silk fan, a look of chagrin passing over her features. “I could hardly exclude Hannah from the ball.”
Narissa pulled her gaze from the Duke of Blackmore as the quartet struck the final cords of a cotillion. “No, of course not.”
“I assume he is her chaperone,” Brooke said. “I tried to tell you at the club that I suspected he may attend.”
“I am sure you are right.” Narissa tipped the crystal flute against her lips, drinking copiously. “Let us hope he retires to the card room straight away.” The last thing Narissa wished for was more time in the duke’s company. Even now, her body was betraying her as her stomach fluttered and her heart beat a bit faster than before. And all she’d done was spied him across the crowded room.
“I fear you are not to be so lucky. He’s coming this way.” With a flourish, Brooke lowered her fan. “Do be polite.”
Narissa caught the duke’s gaze through the crush of people and peered at him in hopes he would change direction. She spent more time with him than she wished as it were. Three days in the last sennight. She had no wish to speak with him outside of training his mounts. 
Hell, she did not want to see him then but had little choice in the matter. She scowled at Brooke. “Let us go.” Narissa started toward the door determined to seek shelter in the ladies retiring room.
Brooke caught her elbow, stilling her. “We cannot be so rude as to give a duke the cut direct, and certainly not in public. Not at my parent’s ball.”
Narissa peered at Brooke, determination driving her forward. “We most certainly can.”
“Do look. Hannah has joined him. We simply must greet them.”
Narissa released a huff and pivoted back in their direction. As much as she did not want to face Blackmore, she would not willingly be rude to Hannah. The girl had become a friend. A cohort and confidant. She pasted a smile on her face and nodded at Brooke. “Indeed we must.”
“You look feral.” Brooke released her hold on Narissa. “Certainly, he cannot be all that bad.”
Narissa relaxed her facial muscles attempting to appear more natural and pleasing. “You have no idea.” The duke was, in fact, the worst man she’d ever been unlucky enough to become acquainted with. Sure, he was pleasant to look at, clever, and charming when he wished. But he was also stubborn and controlling. Worst of all, he was blackmailing her and enjoying every second of it. He was the worst sort of scoundrel.
She did her best to maintain the practiced smile she had fixed on her lips and dipped into a half-hearted curtsey when he approached. Rising, she chastised herself for making eye contact with him.
The Duke of Blackmore gave a devilish grin. “Lady Narissa. Lady Brooke.”
Brooke rose from her curtsey. “How do you fair this evening, Your Grace, Lady Hannah?”
“It is a lovely ball, a smashing success,” Hannah said.
“Indeed, you shall be all the rage on the morrow.” The duke continued to gaze at Narissa, sending heat coiling through her. “May I have the next set?”
Narissa squared her shoulders. “My dance card is quite full,” she lied, tucking her wrist into the folds of her gown.
Brooke peered at her with reproach but refrained from saying anything.
Perhaps Narissa was behaving poorly. One dance could not hurt her overmuch. All the same, she did not want to be in his arms for fear she would come to like him. It was bad enough that she desired him.
“Odd considering you are not dancing at the moment.”
Narissa cringed. She was well and truly caught.
“I will settle for what remains of this set.” The duke proffered his arm.
Swallowing hard, Narissa deposited her campaign flute on a passing servant’s tray, then took the duke’s arm. A jolt of longing shot straight to her core. 
She’d rather dance with the devil, but then she was quickly coming to believe the duke and the devil may be one and the same. What other reason could there be for the way her body reacted when he came near?
He led her onto the polished dance floor and pulled her into his arms as the quartet played a waltz. She fought the urge to flee, accepting that she was well snared in his trap. Leastwise for the rest of the dance. If she were being honest, the feel of his body close to hers proved rather pleasant. His strong arms lending her support, the heat of his body so near to hers, his masculine smell wrapping around her.
How unsettling that she could be so comfortable in his arms. She fought to suppress nerves. To chase away her thoughts. 
“Relax, hellion,” he whispered near her ear, sending a tingle through her.
Narissa inhaled sharply at the new sensation. What the deuce was the matter with her? It was only a dance. She’d done the same with dozens of other men. Why should he be any different? She resolved to ignore the way her body reacted. Perhaps it had nothing to do with him at all. Maybe the heat of the ballroom had gotten to her.
Yes, that had to be it. When their dance concluded she would seek out some fresh air on the terrace.
He twirled her out, and she instantly missed the contact they’d shared a moment before. When he brought her back against him, heat flared once more, warming her cheeks. She’d not survive another minute in such close proximity. “Your Grace.”
“Yes.”
Narissa met his gaze. “I fear I cannot complete the waltz.”
He brushed the back of his hand across her cheek. “You are quite warm. Allow me to escort you out for a bit of night air.”
Unable to find her tongue, Narissa nodded. The cool night air would be most welcome, even if she did remain in his company. She allowed him to lead her out onto the upper terrace before releasing his arm to take hold of the marble railing.
“Would you like to take a walk?”
Narissa glanced back at him, considering. She certainly did not wish to return to the ballroom. “Yes.”
He held out his arm.
She ignored the offer and strolled toward the stairs. She would allow him to accompany her, but there would be no more touching. Her heart pounded harder with each step across the gravel path, though the ambiance of moonlight and flickering torchlight soothed her.
“What has you so flustered, Narissa?” The duke stepped in front of her, stopping her progress. “Dare I think it is I who has you so unsettled?”
She ignored his egotistical baiting. “Please do not use such familiarity, Your Grace. Are you trying to start a scandal?”
He glanced around before pinning her with his blue eyes. “I see no one about.”
“That is beside the point.” Narissa stepped around him, strolling deeper into the garden.
“It is my desire to become friends.”
She turned to him. “Friends? I hardly know you.”
“You could get to know me.” He closed the distance between them.
She placed her hands on her hips, staring at him incredulously. Of all the pompous things he could have uttered. Her irritation spiked. “Why ever would I want to befriend the man who is blackmailing me?”
“I gave you a choice. You did not have to ride for me.”
“Humph.” Narissa peered at him, anger warming her blood.
The duke grinned. “Tell me, where did you learn to ride so well?”
She’d be damned if she were going to give him an answer. She glanced at a nearby torch then back at him. “Why are you so insistent on me being your jockey?”
“Because you are the best I have ever seen.” He took her elbow and turned her toward a cast iron bench. “Allow us to become better acquainted.”
Her vexation lessened at his compliment, and she allowed him to lead her to the bench. In truth, she was curious about the man. If he were willing to answer her questions, she’d be a fool not to take advantage. After all, it was best to keep your enemies close. She sat on the cool surface, taking a moment to collect her wits before meeting his gaze. “Why do you require the best?”
He gave a rakish grin, his eyes sparkling in the moonlight. “Because I detest losing.”
“Why?” She pressed, searching his deep blue gaze for clues.
He sat next to her, his thigh pressing against hers and she jerked away at the contact.
“I am a competitive man. Need there be any other reason?”
“I suppose not. Though I suspect there is more to it than just the will to win.” She angled her head a fraction, studying him.
“You are astute.” He inched closer, bringing his thigh against hers once more. “I have a proposition.”
Ignoring the urge to scoot further down the bench, she held his attention. “Do go on.”
His eyes flashed with amusement. “Tell me where you learned to ride, and then I will tell you why I must win the derby.”
She averted her gaze, focusing on a flowering bush cast in moonlight. Dare she open herself up to him? Agreeing to his proposal would likely lead to more questions—ones she would not wish to answer. However, refusing him would leave her without the knowledge she so desperately wanted. She exhaled a slow breath. “My father taught me.”
“He seems to have been a remarkable man. Some would call him a legend. I am sorry that I did not know him.” The duke patted her hand. “Is he the one responsible for your gaming hell as well?”
She pressed her lips together, pulling her hand from beneath his. “I believe I have already satisfied the terms of your proposal. It is your turn to make good on our bargain.”
“Indeed.” He gave her a measured stare, his gaze unsettling her further. “I have a great deal of money at stake.”
“You are a duke. A very wealthy one from what I gather.” She watched him through narrowed eyes. A large wager may motivate him, but there was something more to it. Something passed through his gaze, doubt perhaps, or was it worry?
“Indeed, I am.”
“Then it stands to reason you have more than money at stake.” She started to stand, but he placed a hand on her shoulder, stilling her and she settled back onto the bench.
“Very well. My bet is with an old rival. The money matters not to me, however, I cannot lose to this gentleman again. It is a matter of pride.”
Anger unfurled within her. The blasted duke singlehandedly destroyed her and Papa’s dream in an attempt to save his pride. How dare he! She stood, glaring at him. “You are neglecting your duties as Hannah’s chaperone. Imagine what a blow it would be to your pride if something happened to her due to your lack of attention.”
The duke narrowed his eyes. “Is that a threat?”
“I do not make threats.” Narissa notched her chin. “I make promises.”
“Then, by all means, let us return to the ball.” The duke stood and proffered his arm, though his posture was stiffer than before. 
Good. She’d managed to turn the tables on him. At least for now.
She rested her fingers over his elbow, grateful to be ending their conversation despite not learning anything useful. No matter, she still had her ace to play. And play it she would.
Narissa grinned with the secret knowledge that Brooke and Merlin had topped Banshee’s exercise time. They would win the derby, and the duke would get his comeuppance. Best of all, she would be there to witness every delicious second.
The secret knowledge would make her victory all the sweeter. Perhaps sweet enough to wash away the bitter taste of not being able to ride Merlin herself.


Chapter Eight

“You do not belong here.” The viper-tongued woman from Seth’s last visit stood, blocking his entrance to Fortuna’s. 
“Lady Narissa will not mind.” Seth attempted a charming smile. “We are friends.”
The woman squared her shoulders, scowling. “I am quite certain she will, and as such, you are not getting past me.”
He couldn’t very well manhandle a woman. Even if she weren’t one of Narissa’s friends. He simply was not the sort. Reasoning with her had already failed as had his attempt to charm her. Bloody hell, Narissa surrounded herself with an odd lot. Nearly defeated, he shook his head before resorting to his last tactic. “Then I will find somewhere to relax while you go retrieve her from above stairs.”
Seth strolled over to an ornate pink and cream settee and took a seat, stretching his legs out in front of him and reclining against the plush cushioned back. “I will wait all afternoon and through the night if that is what it takes.”
The woman dropped her hands from her hips, peering at him. “You will frighten my customers.”
He arched a brow. “Perhaps. But all the same, I am not leaving until I see her.” He hoped the threat of a man lounging near the fitting rooms all afternoon would be enough to set the woman into motion. If not…
With a huff, she unlatched the secret door leading to the gaming hell and disappeared into the stairwell.
Seth stood when the sound of slippered feet drifted toward him from the stairway. A moment later, Narissa appeared, the other woman at her heels.
He inclined his head in greeting. “My lady.”
Narissa only frowned before grabbing his arm and pulling him through the shop. She stepped into a room full of fabric and frills. “What the devil are you doing here?”
“I could ask you the same.”
Her eyes rounded as she pushed the door closed behind them. “What are you talking about?”
“You were due at my house two hours past.” He smoothed his cravat as he studied her. “When you did not arrive, I grew concerned.”
The genuine relief in his gaze warmed her and her irritation settled a bit. “I sent word. Something of a delicate nature came up here and I could not leave.”
He’d not received anything of the sort. She was lying. He saw it in her gaze and the way she fidgeted with her sleeve, but why? Was there something amiss? A reason for his concern? “What has happened?” He closed the distance between them and lay a sympathetic hand against her cheek. 
Her eyes blazed. Anger. No. He knew this look all too well. Passion burned in the golden depths of her eyes. He smirked as his own blood heated. The hellion desired him. He stroked her cheek, leaning a notch closer. “Perhaps I can be of assistance?”
“I-it is not your concern.” She stammered, her cheeks tinting pink.
He stroked his thumb over her cheek relishing in the reaction she gave. “On the contrary. It is very much my concern.”
She turned her face, breaking his contact with her silky flesh. “How so?”
“You are avoiding me.”
She went rigid. “I assure you, that is the last thing I’m doing.”
“I disagree.” He leaned closer. “You are afraid because you’re attracted to me.”
She stepped back, removing herself from his reach. “You have lost your mind.”
“Prove it.” He came forward, sweeping her in his arms. “Kiss me.”
“No.” She peered at him through passion-clouded eyes.
“If what you say is true, you have nothing to fear.” He stared deep into her gaze, sensing a new game was afoot. “On the other hand—”
She brought her lips to his, cutting off his words. A quick soft press of her luscious flesh to his. 
Pulling back, she attempted to flee, but he held her against him.
“I do not fear you, nor do I desire you.” She stared defiantly up at him. “In fact, I would rather kiss a toad.”
Another lie, for the feverish burn of passion radiated from her. “Then you will not object to a more intimate kiss.”
She angled her chin in answer, and he took full advantage, capturing her lips with his. Sliding his hand down her back to cup her bottom, he deepened the kiss. She softened in his embrace, small whimpers floating from within her as he stroked her tongue with his.
Good God, this was no game at all. He wanted her. Maybe worse then she wanted him. The realization startled him but did not dissuade him from exploring her further.
He pressed her against the wall, allowing her to feel the effect she had on him before trailing tender kisses down her throat to her décolletage. 
She tossed her head back in abandon, her breasts thrusting forward as he licked and suckled her skin. He cupped one full breast in his hand, his thumb stroking the hard nipple concealed beneath the fabric of her gown as he worked to free the other one. 
She moaned, winding her fingers through his hair and holding him against her chest. His erection strained against his trousers. What he would give to lay her down and posses her here and now. 
Through the haze of desire, a creaking sound caught his attention. He released Narissa, shielding her with his body. Heart pounding, he turned toward the door. Bloody hell. Her friend stood there, scowling at him.
“Josephine?” Narissa inhaled a sharp breath, working to straighten her clothing. “Give us a moment, won’t you?”
Seth stared at the entrance, his pulse thrumming. 
The wide-eyed woman, Josephine as Narissa had called her, retreated without a word. Seth turned back to Narissa.
“You must go at once.” Narissa stared at him, her expression giving nothing away. 
He reached for her but dropped his hand when she turned away. He would not push her further. Not today. “I will see you at Epsom.”
“After which you will refrain from ever bothering me again.” She notched her chin, defiantly.
He took his leave wondering why she resented him so much. True, blackmail was no way to make friends, but what reason did she have for forcing his hand to begin with? He’d made her a very advantageous offer when he’d attempted to hire her. Furthermore, she was a jockey. Her behavior toward him made no sense at all.
Seth spent the remainder of the afternoon between trying to figure Narissa out and reliving their intimate encounter before heading to his club where he hoped to drink her off his mind. Now, sitting in his favorite chair at White’s, he stretched his legs out, accepting another snifter.
“You are in fine form this evening.” Ramsbury took the chair beside him.
Seth tugged his cravat, loosening the fabric before taking a deep drink of the amber liquor. 
“Care to fill me in?” Ramsbury waited, drumming his fingernails on the tabletop.
“I came here to drink, not to prattle,” Seth said.
Ramsbury lifted a brow in amusement. “That bad is it?” 
Seth drained his glass before slamming it down on the oak table beside him and waving a servant over to refill the tumbler. “Can a man not get foxed without his nursemaid hounding him?”
“Tisk, tisk. Is there truly any reason for name calling?” Ramsbury chuckled. “This must be worse than I thought. Allow me to guess.” He scratched his chin. “I’ll wager Lady Narissa has much to do with your foul mood.”
Seth glared at him, raising his snifter to his lips. He did not wish to discuss her, he’d come here to wash her from his mind. There was nothing he could do where she was concerned. Bloody hell, he’d spent most of the afternoon pondering a way to mend the rift between them. He had no wish to spend the evening doing the same.
“She reneged on your bargain, and you are too much of a gentleman to follow through with whatever threat you held over her pretty little head? Is that it?”
Seth glared at Ramsbury. “No.”
Undeterred, Ramsbury continued. “Then you have developed unrequited feelings for her.”
“Stuff it, Ramsbury.” Seth tapped his finger on the side of his glass. Perhaps he should take his leave. Seek the solitude of his liquor at home. Or better yet, a lush whore to sate his desire.
“But that is not all of it. There is more, right?” Ramsbury leaned his elbows on his knees. “The only way you can have her is to release her from your deal and risk losing the derby. A stinging blow to your pride to be sure.”
Seth sprang to his feet and began pacing. Why in the hell hadn’t he thought of that? He’d never even considered why she was so against being his jockey. His sole focus had remained on his own desire to win at all costs. Perhaps she had her own reasons. Her own motivations and plans. He turned to Ramsbury. “Thank you.”
“For what, exactly?” Ramsbury asked.
“I am not quite sure as of yet.” Seth headed for the door, determined to sober up and fix things between him and Narissa. But how? 
He would find a way. His pride be damned! For in truth he was more than merely attracted to her. Somehow, she’d made him care for her on a deeper level.


Chapter Nine

“You are attracted to him.” Josephine handed Narissa a cup of tea.
“I have been, but this is much more than a passing fancy.”
Narissa could not shake the kiss she’d shared with the duke. Other men had kissed her, but they had never warmed her blood as he did. What the deuce had she been thinking? His touch sent thrills through her. She ought to have known his kiss would undo her.
From what she could tell, it had a similar effect on him. His eyes had burned with something more than passion and the gentle yet possessive way he’d held and kissed her spoke of deeper emotions. But then, she could have imagined it. 
Josephine stirred a lump of sugar into her own teacup. “What are you saying?” 
Narissa sighed. “My reactions to him go deeper than lust. He weighs on my mind far too often. Sends my body into a flurry of need when he comes near, and now has me re-evaluating what is important to me. For heaven sake, I dream about him. Crave him. And I do not mean his touch alone. I wish to know more about him, his secrets, his hobbies, his dreams.”
Narissa paused and glanced out the window. Her mind was a jumble, making it hard for her to convey her thoughts. Giving Josephine a weak smile, she continued. “I fear he has…” She swallowed hard, shaking her head. “I just don’t know.”
Josephine stared wide-eyed. “You have fallen in love with him?”
Could it be love? Narissa was not sure. She had never loved anyone in a romantic sense. She certainly did not feel for him as she did her papa, nor their horses, or her club. But then what she felt for her club and horses was very different from what she felt for her papa, and yet, she loved them all. 
She sipped her tea. “How does one know when they are in love?”
Josephine sat her cup aside and took Narissa’s hand. “Love is an odd thing. It cannot be forced or planned. Sometimes you look at another and are instantly ensnared. For most it takes time. One day you feel nothing, and over the course of getting familiar with someone, feelings blossom and grow. Often you do not even know it is happening, until one day you realize you cannot go another moment without that special person in your life.”
Narissa pulled her hand back and stood. “Then I do not love the duke. I wish for nothing more than to put Epsom behind me and forget the man.” Her heart hitched as she spoke the words and Narissa could not hide the truth from herself. She’d lied, plain and true for even now she craved the duke’s presence.
“Very well, but understand this, love…true love will always find a way.” Josephine gave a sympathetic grin. “Love will not be denied.”
Narissa nodded as she strolled toward the door. She may well have romantic inclinations toward the duke, but he certainly did not care about her. If he did, he would release her from under his thumb without the threat of exposing her club. 
She could not—would not—love a man who treated her in such an abominable way. 
Not that she hadn’t been underhanded herself. The duke had no idea that Brooke would be riding Merlin. Nor that Merlin had a good chance of winning. 
She nibbled her lower lip. Shame turning her stomach. 
There would be other derbies. Perhaps she should hold Merlin for next spring’s race? One thing was certain; she no longer wished to play dirty. The duke must be made aware of her plan.
“Where are you going?” Josephine asked.
Narissa turned back as Josephine sat her teacup aside. “The Duke of Blackmore’s.” Narissa stepped into the hall determined to see him at once.
“Whatever for?” Josephine rushed after her.
“To clear my conscience.” Narissa gave Josephine a sideways glance. “Do not fret.”
“Indeed,” Josephine huffed.
* * * *
Narissa pulled her cloak tighter about herself as she marched toward the duke’s stables. Despite the bright sun, there was a chill in the air. No matter, a little cool air would not dissuade her. The duke’s butler informed her that he’d gone out for a ride, and she intended to find him before her courage failed. Be damned if she’d let anything get in her way now.
“Good day, Lady Narissa.” The stable master bowed.
“Good day, indeed. Please have a mount readied for me at once.”
“Will you be training?”
“No. I intend to chase down His Grace.” She gave the kind man a smile. “Unfortunately, my carriage is not unto the task.”
“Certainly not.” The stable master gave a wide grin, shaking his head. “His Grace is out on Highflier. Shall I have Banshee saddled?”
“Perfect. Have it done straight away, please? I will be waiting at the mounting block.” The stable master nodded, and she heard him call out the orders as she made her way to the mounting block. As she waited, she cast her gaze around the surrounding land seeking her prey, but there was no sign of the duke anywhere.
With luck, he would not be hard to track. She reached up, patting her chignon, tucking a stray curl into place. What a foolish thing to do. She should not care what she looked like. Besides, the ride was bound to destroy her carefully placed tresses. What a cake she was to fret over her appearance as though she wished to impress him. She didn’t—couldn’t give a whit what he thought.
A stable boy led Banshee to the block, and Narissa swung onto his back. Once seated, she turned to the boy. “Have you any idea which way the duke rode?”
The boy shook his head. “He enjoys the trails in Hyde Park, but I cannot be certain. Sometimes he rides toward the country instead.”
“Very helpful, indeed.” She took up the reins. “How long ago did he depart?”
“I’m sorry, my lady, I cannot answer that as I was not here.”
“Thank you all the same.” She gave him a smile as he bowed before walking back toward the stables, then turned her attention to the task at hand—finding His Grace.
She needed to decide which way to ride. There were several routes he could have taken. If she chose the wrong direction, she could miss him entirely. It was well past the fashionable hour for Hyde Park. 
He could return and be abed for the evening, or out on the ton before she made her way back. Perhaps she should wait here? Her stomach soured. No. She had to find him at once. Her sanity depended on seeing this through.
Just as she was prepared to set out, the stable master rounded the corner with a wooden pail in his hands. Narissa rode nearer to him and inclined her head. “Might you know which way His Grace traveled?”
“He was in a dower mood, my lady. I’d wager he rode out on the north road. ‘Tis a good one for blowing off steam.” The stable master pointed.
Narissa needed no more encouragement. She nodded, then set Banshee into a fast gallop toward the north. 


Chapter Ten

Narissa had been riding for close to an hour. Dusk was fast approaching, and she hoped to find the duke before nightfall cast the landscape in a veil of darkness. Surely, he would be on his way home—unless he sought entertainment elsewhere. Or had she chosen the wrong route? Perhaps he had already returned from his ride.
Her chest tightened as she wheeled the possibilities through her head. Perhaps she should return home herself, or go back to his residence. Maybe she should forgo this whole idea and keep her secret guarded. She was no quitter, nor was she a swindler. Determination swelled within her, and she set her sights ahead searching the horizon.
She’d find him, then she’d clear her conscious. Narissa taped her heals against Banshee’s sides, increasing his pace. If she reached the village with no sign of him, she’d return to his residence and wait for his return. A sound plan indeed.
Her heart jumped when a group of men and a horse came into view standing in the middle of the road. Pulling on the reins, she slowed Banshee and studied the scene up ahead. A well-dressed man on horseback was surrounded by three other less savory looking men.
As she drew closer, her breath hitched.
It was Highflier and the duke. Was he being robbed? 
She kicked Banshee back into a gallop, then thought better of it. She could not race upon them. Doing so could make the matter worse. Turning Banshee toward the side of the road, she directed him to a group of hazel trees and prayed she’d not already been spotted.
She dismounted then secured Banshee to one of the trees. “Do not fret, I will be only a few minutes.” She stroked the horses’ neck, soothing. With little time to spare, she reached into her boot then unsheathed the knife she always kept secured there. 
She would sneak up the side of the road and get close enough to help if needed. God willing she and the duke would escape unhurt. Drawing a deep breath, Narissa began creeping toward them.
Her heart pounded rapidly as she continued on. Where in the hell was Bow Street when one needed them? The men came into better view as she made her way toward them. Highpads for sure. They wore dirty tattered clothing. One man held a large stick, while another held a knife, its blade glinting in the waning light. The third had hold of Highflier’s bridle.
Narissa took a deep breath, crouching within the knee-high weeds and nettles that grew thick along the roadside. Thus far, they had not noticed her. 
Praying for her luck to continue, she crawled toward the men, ignoring the sting of the nettles and scrape of the weeds against her skin. Her frock became entangled in the overgrowth and she tugged the skirt free, mindless of the damage being done.
“Give us all ye got,” one man shouted.
“Certainly, if you will allow me to dismount.” The duke’s voice was smooth, not a touch of fear permeated it.
Narissa peeked out from the curtain of plants concealing her. Should she burst forth? Distract the highpads? If she did, could she and the duke handle them? Three to Two was hardly a fair fight, but then, they were a ramshackle lot.
Narissa inhaled a deep breath preparing to launch herself into the fray, then stilled. What if her actions got the duke injured? Or worse, killed? 
“Nice and slow, milord.” The highwayman ordered, clutching Highflier’s reins as the horse reared up.
She bit her lower lip as the duke slid from Highflier’s back. He swung his fist, smashing the first robber’s face. As the man stumbled back, his knife soaring out of his hand, Seth kicked the second robber in the gut. 
While Seth’s back was turned, the third man dropped Highflier’s reins and reached for something in his coat.
The knifes metal flashed, and Narissa burst from the roadside, screaming and wielding her blade. “Seth, watch out.”
He glanced at her, fury in his gaze.
“Behind you!” Narissa charged into the fray as the third man lunged at Seth.
The duke spun around, landing a hard punch that sent the man to the ground.
Panting for breath, Narissa came to stand beside Seth. A cursory glance revealed all three of the robbers were unconscious. She examined Seth, her gaze roaming over every inch of him. “Are you all right?”
“Fine. What the devil are you doing here?” He scowled at her. “You could have gotten yourself killed.”
“Me? What about you? Taking on three men? “ Her stomach rolled as she grabbed his hand. “You’re bleeding.”
He attempted to pull free. “It is nothing.”
She held firm, pushing his coat sleeve up his arm to get a better look. “You were cut. This needs tending.”
“Later. Right now we need to get out of here.” He scooped her into his arms and carried her to Highflier. Placing her on the saddle, he swung up behind her. The heat of him so near sent her body into chaos and she leaned back craving more contact.
“I tethered Banshee over there.” She pointed to the thicket of trees wishing she could remain seated firmly against his broad chest. A bird-witted desire for certain.
Seth rode to Banshee, one arm holding Narissa tight against his muscled chest. “Can you ride?”
She angled her head, peeking at him from over her shoulder. “I am not the one who’s bleeding.”
He pulled rein, jumped from Highflier’s back, then lifted her down. Meeting her gaze, he said, “Always the viper tongue, aren’t you?”
“Only when it comes to you.” She grabbed Banshee’s saddle, pulling herself up as Seth untied the horse. “Now hurry, I fear we haven’t much time.”
“Ride with all due haste. Neck or nothing, you hear me?” 
Narissa nodded.
He slapped Banshee’s hind quarter, setting the horse into motion.
Never had she been so frightened as when that highpad pulled his knife. In that second, she had realized how much Seth meant to her. 
When they returned, she would tend his wound, then she’d confess her plan for the derby. If she hoped to have any kind of relationship with him, she had to be honest. Her throat went dry when his stable came into view. What if he could not forgive her? 


Chapter Eleven

Seth winced as Narissa patted his wound with a whisky-soaked cloth. “Have a care.”
“I am being as gentle as possible.” She set the rag aside, then retrieved a strip of white cloth. “Almost done.”
As she bound his wound, he stared at her, amazed at treasure she’d turned out to be. She was a marvel. Brave, determined, capable, and beautiful. He wanted her to love and to keep—not only in his bed but beside him for all the rest of his days. “Narissa?”
She glanced up, her brow drawn in concentration. “Yes?”
“I have been a fool, though I will not apologize.” Her eyes rounded and he continued. “My foolishness brought you into my life, and for that, I cannot be sorry.” 
“Oh.” She fastened his bandage around his arm, a slight grin playing at her luscious lips, then meet his stare once more. “Do go on.”
 “Sit,” he commanded.
She lowered herself onto the chair across from him, her gaze never leaving his.
He took her hand and gave a slight squeeze, relishing how perfectly it fit in his. “It has become clear to me that winning the derby means as much, if not more, to you than it does me. I do not pretend to understand your motivation, but I do know I can no longer stand in your way. You are free to ride whatever mount pleases you at Epsom.”
Her mouth fell open, then closed. She glanced away, her shoulders rounding. 
He swallowed hard. That was not at all the reaction he’d expected. 
She should be squealing with joy. Rushing from his home to prepare her own mount. Had he misunderstood her? Upset her?
“I had thought to please you.” He uncrossed his legs and leaned forward, beads of sweat forming on his forehead. “Narissa.” Her name came out barely a whisper.
She brought her gaze back to his, placing her other hand on top of his. “I have a confession. It is why I rode after you…to tell you that I…”
He nodded, encouraging her to go on. Waiting for her to confess her love. Surely that was what she intended. His pulse sped, heart pounding as he waited for her words to come. 
“I have been training Lady Brooke to ride Merlin with the intention of entering him at Epsom.” She tore her gaze from his, casting it to the floor. Her cheeks blossomed scarlet. “And he will win. His average exercise times exceed Banshee’s.”
Seth dropped her hands, stood, then strolled the length of his parlor. What the devil? Here he’d thought her as enamored with him as he was with her and the whole while she’d been double-crossing him. Why?
He glared at her, his heart squeezing. Did her reasons even matter? He’d already determined to release her from their deal—already given her his heart.
“You should also know that I’ve decided not to enter Merlin. I have no wish to gain my victory in an underhanded way.” 
When she met his gaze again, his anger gave way to amusement, and he began chuckling as he strolled over to her.
“Do not laugh at me.” She peered up at him. “I may be unconventional, but I do possess honor.”
“I assure you that I am not amused at your expense.” He pulled her to her feet, still chuckling. “I am laughing at us.” To think the whole time they’d been acquainted the two of them had been at odds and all the while they’d both been struggling with their underhanded deeds.
She studied him with one brow arched. “Might I know why?”
“I should have known you would find a way to run Merlin. Your determination is one of the things I most admire about you.” Along with her wit, those sultry whiskey eyes, her feminine curves… God he wanted her. “You are unique. Unlike any other lady I have ever known, and you captivate me all the more for it.”
“You do?” She smiled a sultry grin. 
“Without a doubt.” Seth wrapped his arms around her small waist.
Narissa placed her hand on his chest. “All the same, I was wrong in this. Allow me to explain my motivation.”
“None of it matters.” He truly did not give a damn so long as he got to hold Narissa in his arms. Feel her molded against him.
She smiled, her eyes sparkling. “It matters to me. You see, winning Epsom with Merlin was the last dream I shared with my papa. Before his death, we trained and cared for the horse together. I felt compelled to do whatever necessary to see our dream come to fruition.”
“Then it shall.” He pulled her into his embrace.
“You are not cross with me?” She asked, nibbling her lower lip.
“Not at all. In fact, if riding Merlin pleases you, then that is what I want you to do.” Seth would find no greater joy than watching her achieve her goal. Somehow over the course of their acquaintance, he had fallen madly in love with the vixen. Her win would be his as well.
She studied him through narrowed eyes. “Truly? What about your pride?”
“It no longer matters, for I have found something I care about exceedingly more.” He pulled her against his chest, then angled her chin up so that he could gaze into her eyes. “You are everything.”
Moisture pooled in the golden depths of her eyes, and she said, “I care for you as well. It matters not who rides Merlin. Hell, I do not even care if he runs in the derby this year. Papa would understand. He always said there was no greater gift than love.”
“Merlin will race, and you will be his rider.” Seth brought his lips down on hers in a crushing, soul binding kiss.
She wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him closer, her tongue tangling with his. Passion burned through him as he held her tight against him, their hearts beating as one. 
Pulling back, he stroked her flushed cheek with the pad of his thumb. “Your happiness means more to me than any blasted race ever could. I want to spend the rest of my life proving it to you. Marry me, Narissa?”
“Nothing would please me more.” She smiled up at him. “I do not understand how, nor do I know when it happened, but you have my heart.”
“And you have mine.” He gave her a roguish grin. “When would you like to say our vows?”
“As soon as it can be arranged.” She ran her fingers under his cravat, loosening it, and gazed at him through heated eyes. “I want to feel all of you. Your bare flesh pressed to mine, our hearts beating against one another. I want everything.”
Warmth flooded through his body. He wanted to collect her in his arms and carry her to his bedchamber immediately. It took all the will he possessed to fight his growing desire. Seth released a pent-up breath. “I will secure a special license. We can be wed tomorrow, my little vixen.”
“Tonight.” She nuzzled her face against his chest. “I do not want to waste a single moment being apart when we could be together. I love you, Seth.”
“I love you more.” He brushed his lips against the warm skin of her shoulder. “I always will.”


Epilogue

Narissa stood near the rail, her hand in Seth’s. Race day for Epsom had arrived at last, and true to his word, Seth had not asked her to ride Banshee. Little did he know, she’d arranged for both of them to get their wish. She would honor her papa and Seth would maintain his pride.
“A kiss for good luck.” Narissa rose up on her tiptoes.
Seth leaned in dropping a soft peck on her lips. “Now go show them how it’s done.”
“You can bet on it.” She grinned and held a piece of paper out to him. 
Seth took it, one eyebrow arched up in curiosity. “What’s this?”
“Read it,” she said, then strolled away toward her waiting mount. She swung onto Merlin’s back before she cast a glance at Seth. His head was bent as he read the document showing him as co-owner of Merlin.
If she won—no, when she won, victory would be theirs.
Taking her place at the starting line, Narissa looked out at the crowd. Hannah and Brook had joined Seth near the rail to watch the race. He gave her a roguish grin that sent her stomach into a flurry. Narissa grinned back, heat rising within her.
She blew out a breath and turned her focus to the task at hand. Leaning low over Merlin, she held the reins. Her horse bolted at the starting signal, taking the lead without hindrance. Narissa fought to hold him, her arms straining until they reached the final stretch. Once she turned him loose, he fairly flew. Sweeping the field to win by several furlongs. 
“We did it, Papa.” She looked up into the clear blue sky. A gust of wind stirred her hair and she knew Papa had heard her words. She slid from the saddle, excitement pumping through her, and searched for Seth.
When he approached and Narissa jumped into his arms. “Congratulations.” Seth swung her in a circle before setting her back on the ground. “You little vixen. When did you manage to make me part owner?”
“A lady must have her secrets.” Narissa beamed. “I wanted to make all of our dreams come true and I found a way to do so. That is all you need to know.”
“You made my dreams a reality the night you married me.” He dropped a kiss on her forehead. “I am the luckiest man in all of England. Hell, all the world.”
Narissa’s heart swelled with love. If someone would have told her that marriage would be more thrilling than her horses and her club, she never would have believed them. She would have been a fool for it too. 
With Seth, she’d found everything. He was her friend, confidant, lover, and so much more. He thrilled her down to her marrow and made her want to include him in all aspects of her life. What’s more, he accepted her for who she was and encouraged her to continue with her endeavors.
“And I am the luckiest woman for I have you.” Narissa rested a hand on his chest as she gazed up at him. “Take me home, husband. I wish to celebrate our victory.”
“What do you have in mind, love?”
Narissa crooked a finger beckoning him closer before she whispered, “I want to feel you. All of you.”
“Far be it from me to deny you.” Seth scooped her off the ground, then cradling her in his arms strolled toward their waiting carriage.






Keep reading for an excerpt from book 2 in the Scandal Meet’s Love series:

Find Me Love

USA Today Bestselling Author
Dawn Brower


PROLOGUE

Norfolk, England 1806

The early summer sun shone brightly in the afternoon sky. Big white fluffy clouds floated across the blue horizon. All signs pointed to a wonderful day of enjoyment and Lady Diana Thomas hoped the weather held to ensure that. Her father was the Earl of Bristol and along with the Earl of Northesk hosted a fair in the town between their two estates. For a brief time, there was a worry that the fair wouldn’t happen as scheduled. The Earl of Northesk died suddenly and his son grieved the loss; however, he insisted that the villagers not be disappointed. Lord Bristol had agreed to take on the bulk of the preparations to free the new earl from the task. What that really meant was that Diana had more to deal with. She didn’t mind though. The fair continued to be something she loved and would always hold dear.
The annual event could be traced back several generations and everyone in the surrounding area looked forward to it. Through the years the fair changed with the times. New things were added and improvements were made. This year there would be a different take on a Shakespearean play. Diana couldn’t wait to see how it all unfolded. The gypsy’s hired to handle some of the games and other entertainments came back every year too. She had come to know many of them by name and considered them friends of a sort. 
Diana wandered through all the displays making sure that everything was ready to go. The villagers were already starting to arrive and soon the gentry would follow. It was one of the only days that every class mingled and didn’t think anything of it. They were all part of the community and it was meant to be a day for amusement. 
“Lady Diana,” a male called to her.
She turned toward the sound and frowned. Luther Wright, the new Earl of Northesk stood behind her. What was he doing at the fair? Her father had made it clear he didn’t expect him to attend. The earls hosted it but they didn’t participate much in the actual activities. They made an appearance and stayed for an hour or so, then went back to their respective estates. However, in this one instance, no one thought the Earl of Northesk would come at all.
“My Lord,” she said and quickly curtsied. “How may I be of assistance?”
He frowned. “I don’t remember it being this—expansive.” 
They had added a few booths and built a temporary stage for some of the shows. She didn’t understand why he appeared so confused by it all. There were perhaps a few extra entertainments added. Nothing that should perplex him… “The fair is how I’ve remembered it.” Diana chose to act as if she didn’t understand what he meant. “I don’t recall you attending the past few years. Were you not traveling?”
Last she understood he’d left Oxford and traveled to Italy for a year. He’d only returned recently. Diana didn’t recall him being so—handsome. His dark locks curled around his ears and neck and shined brightly under the sun’s harsh rays. His green eyes were the color of jade and appeared almost as hard as the stone. 
He sighed and then rubbed his hands over his face. “You’re not incorrect. I did choose to travel. Something I regret now that I’ve lost time I could have had with my father if I had known…”
Drat. He had to go and make her feel bad. “I apologize. It was rude of me to remind you of your loss.”
“No,” he said with a shake of his head. “The fault is mine. I shouldn’t have come here.”
Lord Northesk turned and headed in the opposite direction of the fair. Diana sighed and considered what she should do next. The new earl had been her neighbor for as long as she could remember. Her parents had made no secret they hoped she would catch his notice at some point. They hoped that she would marry him and remain close. It would be quite the coo if that were to occur. Diana had other ideas for her future though. She wasn’t entirely sure she wanted to marry, and she didn’t show any signs that she’d grow into a great beauty either way. Her blond hair was drab and her blue eyes were so pale that they didn’t inspire anyone to write poetry about them. This was her sixteenth summer and soon she’d have her come out in London. She had little hope that a gentleman would offer for her. She had a decent dowry and connections, but little else. This lord wouldn’t even be able to properly court her until his mourning period ended—not that it mattered much. Lord Northesk wasn’t for her and never would be. She would probably end up being a wallflower, and then afterward a spinster. A fate she’d accepted already and decided not to fight. She had other qualities to offer society and she’d make her life using those. Maybe one day she’d be a lady’s companion or have enough funds to travel the world much as Lord Northesk had. 
She sighed and ran to catch up to the earl. “Don’t go,” she called out.
He stopped and then glanced at her. “Why not?”
Did he really need a reason? She blew out a breath. When did it become her responsibility to make everything all right for him? Probably when her father had given her the task of planning the fair… “You’re hurting and this is probably the last place you want to be, but I think it could be the one you need. This is meant to be a happy day and if you allow yourself to enjoy it you might find some even if it’s only for a moment or two.”
“Happiness isn’t something I deserve.”
“Everyone should have a little in their life, my lord—even you. Stay.” She smiled at him. “Your father was a big part of the fair. If it’s not for you, then stay for him.”
Maybe he would listen to her and try to find something good at the fair. Either way, she did her part and tried to convince him of the wisdom of remaining. In the end, it was up to him what he chose to do. She didn’t dare try to discern the inner workings of the male mind.
“I might return later,” he replied. “For now, if you’ll excuse me, I must depart.”
So cold, but she couldn’t really blame him for that. In his place, she’d probably react in a similar fashion. Diana couldn’t imagine what it would be like to lose one of her parents. Thankfully, both of them were very much alive. “I hope that you do,” she said. “As long as the weather remains so pleasant the rest of the festivities should go smoothly. Good day, my lord.”
He nodded and then continued to walk away until he reached a horse. Then he slid onto its back and motioned it into a canter. Soon he was a small figure in the distance and then he disappeared completely. Diana turned away from the road that led toward Northesk Castle and returned to the fair. The booths were surrounded by villagers and laughter floated through the air. A small boy was tossing a ball toward a series of buckets and groaned when he failed to get it inside. She wandered over to the area where the stage had been created for the play enactments. A lot of the villagers had gathered around waiting for the first enactment to take place. They didn’t have to wait long before two men with masks strolled out. 
The first man shouted out his lines. ‘“I pray thee, good Mercutio, let’s retire. The day is hot, the Capels are abroad, And if we meet we shall not scape a brawl, For now, these hot days, is the mad blood stirring.”‘ They were performing a scene in Romeo and Juliet. 
Diana became even more excited. It was a fight scene and she’d always been interested in fencing. She couldn’t wait to see how it was staged for their entertainment. Soon the Capulets and Montagues would be fighting, with Tybalt dying at the end of it at Romeo’s hand. At least that is how it all happened in the play by Shakespeare. Diana didn’t know if they would change any of it or not. That was part of the fun of the enactments.
More men in masks came on the stage. They said their lines flawlessly until their rapiers were drawn. They were an older style of fencing swords. Diana thought they might use foils, but the rapiers had a different style. Maybe she’d ask later why they chose to use them. The actors were engaged in a heated battle. The rapiers clanged against each other and the dance as deadly as it was beautiful. She was riveted in her spot unable to glance away from it all. One of the men jumped between two of the combatants in an attempt to stop the fight, but it was to no avail. One was hit and fell to the ground in a dramatic fashion.
‘“This day’s black fate on more days doth depend, this but begins the woe others must end.”‘ 
The man on the ground went still and the guy playing Romeo picked up a sword and started fighting with the man who murdered Mercutio. Another wickedly good battle scene commenced with Tybalt dying alongside Mercutio. Diana clapped wildly as the scene ended. She wanted to learn to fence like that—if only her father would find her an instructor willing to teach her. The actors all took off their masks and bowed to the audience.
“Another,” someone shouted.
Diana stared at the actors. She’d assumed they were all men, but that wasn’t the case. There was a woman amongst them. Gorgeous didn’t even begin to describe her. Her body was lean, lithe, and she moved with a fluid grace Diana could never achieve. She had midnight black hair that fell to her waist in a thick braid. How had she failed to notice that? Had it been tucked away during the fight? She had to meet her…
They bowed once more and then exited the stage. They would be back later for another scene and probably a new crowd. Either way, Diana would be back to watch, but she had another goal before then. She pushed her way through the crush until she reached the tent where the actors were taking refuge in-between performances. 
The woman was about to enter when Diana reached the tent. “Pardon me,” she called out to her. “Do you have a moment.”
Up close she didn’t seem to be much older than Diana. Maybe three or four years but not much more than that. Her hair seemed darker up close and her eyes were a violet shade similar to the sky before a storm. “I’m busy,” the girl said rather rudely.
“And my father is paying your wages for today. You can spare me a minute of your time.”
“Little girl,” the woman said in an accent similar to many of the gypsies she’d met over the years. She narrowed her gaze into tiny slits. Disdain dripped from her voice as she spoke. “You should learn when to be demanding and when it is best to turn and walk away.”
“This is not one of those times to give up,” Diana insisted. She’d beg if it helped, but she hoped it wouldn’t go that far. “Please, may I have a moment of your time?” 
The girl sighed and then nodded. “What does her highness require?”
“I’m not…” Diana shook her head. It didn’t matter what the woman thought of her as long as she helped her in the end. “What is your name?”
She lifted a brow. “That is all you wish to know?”
“No,” Diana replied. If she had her way they’d know a lot more about each other when everything was said and done. “But it’s polite to know who one is speaking with. I am Lady Diana. My father is the Earl of Bristol.”
“Ah,” she said noncommittally. “Lady Di the county’s princess. I’ve heard of you.”
Diana was starting to dislike her, but she shook that away. The gypsy girl had something she craved and she’d bury her own pride to get it. She stared at her not backing down from her disdain. 
Finally, she replied with her name. “I am Lulia Vasile.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Miss Vasile,” Diana replied congenially. “Now that the introductions are out of the way how do you feel about teaching me fencing?”
The girl’s laughter enveloped Diana. She continued to laugh for what seemed like forever. Then she stopped and wiped tears from the corner of her eyes. “You mean it don’t you. Little one, fencing isn’t for you.”
She lifted her chin up mulishly. “I can learn if I have a teacher. If I wanted to I could learn anything.”
Lulia shook her head. “Very well. After the fair is complete come and see me. We will discuss the possibility. I need to rest now.”
With those words, Lulia went into the tent. Diana remained confident she’d have a fencing teacher at last. The gypsy would teach her and then she’d be able to learn other things as well. Diana thirsted for knowledge and she had a feeling Lulia would be able to teach her more than fencing. The possibility of marriage had been forgotten and an entirely different life presented itself to her. It was a good thing she’d decided to give up on domestic bliss. She would not beg for love, and she certainly didn’t think it would ever find her. This was much better, and more tangible than some mythical feeling. 
***
Luther didn’t make it far before he decided to turn back around to head back to the fair. As much as he hated to admit it Lady Diana had been correct. The fair would give him some respite from the grief he carried with him and it would honor his father’s wishes. 
Lady Diana had grown up in the years he’d been away. She was still a little girl in his eyes, and she would remain so. He was five years her senior and he couldn’t shake the brat that had tagged behind him over the years. At least she’d grown up enough to realize that she couldn’t always have her way. She’d been polite and encouraging earlier. He could respect that. What he didn’t want was to marry her—even if it had been his father’s last wish. Luther didn’t want to marry out of duty, at least not yet. He might consider the possibility many years in the future. His heart was too heavy for any thought of matrimony.
He reached the edge of the fair and found a post to tie his horse to. There was a young boy standing nearby to keep an eye on the animals. He tossed a shilling at him and said, “Make sure no one bothers him.” Luther gestured toward the horse. 
“Yes, m’lord.” 
With his horse secured, Luther wandered deep into the fair. A group of actors were on the stage in a fencing battle. It appeared to be at the end of it. The crowd gathered around watching in awe as the actors parried back and forth. The rapiers were real and the clang of metal echoed over the constant thrum of the spectators. Luther was as enthralled as the villagers. The actors had skill with rapiers and must have had excellent teachers. He’d studied fencing with some of the best instructors and he wasn’t sure he could keep up with them himself.
At the end of the battle, the crowd erupted in applause. Luther’s mouth fell open as they unmasked themselves and took their bow. How had a woman been able to fence with suck skill? He didn’t believe it possible, and yet it had been. He wanted to meet her but wasn’t sure it was a wise move. It might encourage the gypsy to embrace a more informal relationship. His father hadn’t believed they should mix socially with the hired help—even at the fair. 
Luther headed toward a tent set up near the stage for the actors. He caught a glimpse of blonde hair and frowned. Why was Lady Diana heading to the tent? She shouldn’t be near the gypsies. If he needed a reason to seek out the gypsy Diana just gave him one. The lady gypsy stopped outside of the tent and Diana caught up to her. They were discussing something, but he couldn’t hear it. After a moment the gypsy went in the tent and Diana wandered away with a huge smile on her face. Luther changed his trajectory and went toward Diana.
“Lady Diana,” he called out for the second time that day, but she didn’t hear him. She kept walking toward a booth that sold meat pies. She happily talked to the man running it and purchased one. “Bloody hell,” he cursed and pushed past some villagers trying to reach her side. There were too many people at the fair to move at a faster pace.
Diana wandered off speaking with a lot of the villagers as she passed. Where was her escort? How could her father let her run wild at the fair unchaperoned? Didn’t they care about her safety? She stopped to watch a boy throw balls into the basket of a game. If the lad won he’d win a sweet treat for each basket he landed a ball in—the grand prize was four jam tarts. 
He was mere steps away from her when she decided to move again. His frustration grew with each second that passed. He reached out and managed to clasp his hand around her upper arm. She jerked backward and nearly stumbled to the ground. “My apologies,” he said a little breathlessly. “I’ve been trying to gain your attention. I didn’t mean to cause you harm.”
She glanced up and frowned. Her meat pie had tumbled to the ground and was now covered in dirt. “What was so urgent you had to be so rough?” 
He was an arse… “I wanted to speak with you about the gypsy.” That hadn’t come out quite how he wanted it to. It was gruff and rude. “and why you’re wandering about by yourself. Don’t you have a care for your reputation?”
She closed her eyes and clenched her hands into fists at her side. After several heartbeats, she opened her eyes and glared at him. Where she’d been kind and understanding earlier she now displayed a full array of anger. “Allow me to understand this correctly.” She held a finger out. “You placed your hand on my arm and made it so I lost my afternoon meal to berate me for not having a care for my reputation?”
“That should be an example of why you shouldn’t be alone. Anything can happen to a young lady if they don’t take proper care of their safety.” He puffed out his chest. That should teach her that she shouldn’t argue with someone who knew better than she did. “Your father shouldn’t have allowed you to leave Bristol Manor without a maid at your side at the very least, but you really should have a footman with you. The crowd is dangerous.”
“You’re the only dangerous person near me,” she nearly spat out. “I was perfectly fine before you accosted me. I’ve attended this fair since I was a girl—”
“You’re still a girl,” he interrupted her. “Some gentleman would find your innocence too enticing to pass up.”
“But you’re not one of them?” She lifted a brow. “No need to explain, my lord. I realize I’m no great beauty. If you’re done berating me for my lack of accompaniment I believe I need to replace my meal.”
She turned to leave but he couldn’t allow it. How could she not understand that she shouldn’t be alone? Why didn’t she take him seriously? “Wait,” he yelled. “You shouldn’t…”
She spun on her heels and faced him. “I don’t need you watching over me Lord Northesk. Go away.”
“The lady doesn’t seem to like you.” The female’s gypsy accent echoed through her ears. “Do as she says.” 
It wasn’t his day. He should never have come back to the fair. He glanced over his shoulder and met the violet eyes of the gypsy that had been on stage earlier. She had her rapier at her waist and she definitely knew how to use it.
“Lady Di doesn’t need a male to dictate to her.” She stared at him from top to bottom as if she’d found him lacking. “Especially one who would rather order her about instead of treasure her.”
“Who are you to condemn me?” He glared. “A gypsy who doesn’t have a home to call her own.”
“At least I have honor,” she said. “You’re lacking in something more fundamental than I am.”
Lady Diana stepped between them. “Please leave, Lord Northesk. I have business with Lulia that doesn’t involve you.”
Luther left, but not because either woman ordered it. Lady Diana was safe in Lulia’s care. She’d be able to dispatch any ruffians with a flick of her rapier. He might not like the gypsy, but she had talent. He couldn’t help worrying about Lady Diana Thompson though. Something about her made him want to protect her and make sure nothing ever harmed her in any way. He didn’t want to think too hard on his motivations. He already had too much swirling through his mind from the responsibilities he inherited upon his father’s death.  Finding Love or building relationships? Those seemed impossible… Ladies of Diana’s caliber were out of his reach and would be for the unforeseeable future. It would be best if he kept his distance and let her find her own way. He didn’t have anything to offer her either way.

About Amanda Mariel

USA Today Bestselling, Amazon All-Star author Amanda Mariel dreams of days gone by when life moved at a slower pace. She enjoys taking pen to paper and exploring historical time periods through her imagination and the written word. When she is not writing she can be found reading, crocheting, traveling, practicing her photography skills, or spending time with her family. 

Visit www.amandamariel.com for more information on Amanda and her books. Sign up for her newsletter while you are on her site and receive a free ebook!

Would you like to be notified of new releases and ebook sales? Sign up for SMS/text notifications from Amanda and be notified ONLY when there is a new release or sale. Text AmandaMariel to 38470 today! 


Thank you so much for taking the time to read Love Only Me.

Your opinion matters!

Please take a moment to review this book on your favorite review site and share your opinion with fellow readers.

USA Today bestselling author

~Heartwarming historical romances that leave you breathless~

