



Lover's Bite
Book 1
      Ella Price

This book is a work of fiction, and does not represent real events. Characters, names, places, and incidents are works of the authors imagination and do not depict any real event, or person living or dead.
Copyright © 2016 by Ella Price
All rights reserved
No part of this book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form.
First Edition: April 2014

Cover by AEPBOOKCOVERS.COM

I cursed softly as I waited by the car for Zoey. It was freezing, and she was standing outside the library hitting on some jock looking idiot. She had the keys because it was her car, so I was stuck waiting. She finally batted her eyes one last time and hurried over to the car all giggly. 
"I so got a date Saturday night, Ellie!" she said excitedly as she unlocked the car.
"Good for you," I said with as much pretend enthusiasm as I could muster. Zoey was the pretty blond that always got asked out. She had the perfect hair and big blue eyes. I, on the other hand, had long chestnut hair and dark green eyes. I was always called beautiful, but the difference between me and her was she had a bubbly personality ? I didn't.
It was after dark, so I knew Mrs. Jones was going to be mad. Mrs. Jones was our current foster placement. She ran a house for girls, which is where Zoey and I were currently staying. "You know she is going to be mad," I said quietly.
Zoey scoffed. "I could care less ? that old harpy never lets us have fun."
I smiled at her total disregard for how Mrs. Jones felt. Zoey always had a way of getting us out of trouble with her. I watched out the window as she drove toward the house. Out of nowhere, someone or something darted in front of us.  Zoey screamed as she hit the brakes, but it was too late. She plowed right into whatever crossed our path.
I cussed as I was shoved forward into the airbag. The airbag hit Zoey directly in the face. She was momentarily dazed, but she quickly recovered. "Oh my god! What did I hit?" she squealed as she undid her seatbelt.
"Zoey, wait." I quickly undid my seatbelt, but Zoey hopped out of the car before I could stop her. "Dammit," I muttered as I climbed out. I met her at the front of the car to see what she hit. I froze when I saw she hit a guy, a really hot guy. He looked young maybe around our age. 
"Oh my god! Is he dead?" Zoey squeaked, kneeling next to him.
My eyes darted around nervously. "Zoey ? let's just call the cops ? it was an accident." I pulled my phone out. I was shaking from adrenaline, and I could barely dial the number.
She screamed, catching my attention. The guy had pulled her down to him and it looked like he was biting her on the neck. I dropped my phone and jumped on him in an attempt to pull him off her. I started hitting him with my fists. He growled in annoyance and released her after a few seconds. 
She stumbled backwards, and I rolled away from him. He was some psycho that bit people; that was just my luck. I got to my feet and grabbed Zoey's hand. I started to pull her with me. I knew we had to get away from him; I just didn't know where we were going to go. The only thing that surrounded us was the park, so I ran into the darker part to find a place to hide. I was hoping he wasn't pursuing us, but I wasn't about to stop and find out. I stopped running once we were hidden behind a large tree.
Zoey was holding her hand to her neck, and she looked pale even in the dim light. "Let me see," I whispered frantically as I moved her hand. Blood was slowly flowing from two holes in her neck. It actually looked like a vampire bite from the movies. I quickly dismissed the comparison as ridiculous because vampires weren't real. I quickly took my jacket off and pressed it to her neck. Maybe the guy had his teeth filed ? I'd heard of it before. He had to be some vampire fanatic.
"Is it bad?" The fear in her voice was evident. 
"No," I lied trying to calm her down.
"Why the hell would he bite me?" She sounded as confused as I felt.
I didn't have an answer for her. "I don't know."  I tried to see through the darkness. I felt my heart race when I heard male voices. Fear shot through me when I realized they were looking for us.
"They are this way I can smell the blood," one said quietly.
Zoey's eyes widened, and I placed my hand over her mouth to keep her quiet. "When I say to, we are going to run." I spoke in barely a whisper, hoping they wouldn't hear me.
She nodded and grasped my hand for dear life. "Now!" We ran, running deeper into the woods. I heard the men yell when they apparently saw us or heard us. They came crashing after us.
Zoey was wearing high heels, and she was getting tired, so it was hard to move very fast at all. One of them caught Zoey around the waist, and the other tackled me. I elbowed the guy in the gut and he cussed. I rolled out of his grasp and kicked him. As I was moving away, I realized it was the young guy we hit.
The other guy was just as handsome as the black-haired one, but he was blond. Zoey was in his arms either passed out or knocked out.
"Damn! Wait ? we aren't going to hurt you!" the black-haired boy snapped sounding annoyed.
"You bit my friend! I'm sorry if I don't completely believe you!" I yelled as I stood up facing them.
The black-haired boy stood up and continued to watch me cautiously. "I didn't mean to bite her ? I was injured. It was just my kind's reaction." He spoke as if the explanation made perfect sense to me.
I looked from one to the other, then back. "What the hell does that mean?" 
"We are vampires ? My name is Adam, and this is Eric," the black-haired boy, Adam said calmly.
"Are you going to kill us?" They sounded crazy and I didn't know what to do.
Adam shook his head. "No, of course not. We just want to make sure I didn't hurt your friend. We are going to take your friend to our house for treatment ? she's lost a lot of blood. You can either come with us, or you can leave."
I scowled. "I'm not leaving her with you!" 
"Okay then ? let's go." He started walking back toward the road, and Eric followed him carrying Zoey.
I pressed my lips together as I started to follow them back to the road. I was trying to devise a plan, but it was difficult because Zoey was unconscious. It wasn't like I could grab her and run. Adam opened the back door of a white Mercedes and stepped aside for me to get in. I hesitated but got in when Eric placed Zoey in the backseat on the other side. They both got in the front seat and set off in the opposite direction that Zoey and I had been headed. 

After about fifteen minutes of driving in silence, they pulled up to a huge gated mansion. There was a brick wall all the way around the place. Adam punched a code in, then pulled through the gate. The house was unbelievably large ? it looked more like a castle than a house. They parked next to several other cars that were parked on the lawn.
"We should go in the service entrance until we get a chance to speak to Azrael," Adam said quietly.
 Eric nodded, then climbed out and went to Zoey's side. He picked her up, and I followed them both to the side of the huge house. The door led into a long tunnel. Adam was apparently nervous, he was checking around every corner not wanting to run into anyone. I followed them up a set of side stairs into another more open hallway. He led us to a door and ushered us all in. It was a bedroom. There were two double beds done in purple velvet. There were two dressers and vanities. There was a closet door and what looked like a door that led to a bathroom.
Eric laid Zoey on the bed, then went back to Adam's side. "We have to go talk to my brother, you will be fine here just please don't leave," Adam pleaded.
I nodded as I sat down on the bed Zoey wasn't occupying. He gave me a quick smile, then they both disappeared out the door. I sighed as I looked around. There was a TV, but I wasn't sure if I felt like watching TV. I checked Zoey. She was still breathing, so I paced by the windows trying to take in all that had happened. 
Adam claimed to be a vampire, which was crazy, but he did bite Zoey like one would. On top of that, Zoey was going at least fifty miles an hour when she hit him, and he was up and walking around like nothing happened. I guess I didn't have a choice but to believe him until I could prove otherwise. I hesitated when I heard male voices outside in the hall. They were speaking a different language. I could hear Adam speaking low and quick like he was nervous. Another male was speaking low, but he sounded angry. A third one would chime in, but he didn't sound angry ? he sounded kind of amused.
The door opened, and I stood frozen by the window. A tall man walked in. He was breathtakingly beautiful. His hair was thick and black like Adam's, but it fell to his shoulder. His skin was a beautiful copper. He had intelligent brown eyes ? they were so dark they almost seemed black. He was wearing leather pants and a loose-fitting white shirt. He looked like a fairytale prince ? the one little girls' dreamt about. 
His eyes found Zoey first, then they fell on me, and his expression darkened. "You said there was one girl, Adam."
Adam scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. "Yes ? well ? I was getting to the second, but you cut me off," Adam said huffily. 
The other male looked similar to Adam and the man who appeared to be in charge, but he appeared nicer. He was wearing a pair of slacks and a polo shirt. He smiled at me, which made me feel a little better since the others were scowling. "Hi, I am Marcus." The man in the polo shirt extended his hand as he approached.
He was being nice, so I figured I would return the favor. I accepted his hand. "Elizabeth."
Marcus smiled kindly. "Pleasure, this is my older brother, Azrael, and of course you know my younger brother, Adam."
I nodded, then glanced back at Azrael and Adam who were currently watching me. I nodded toward the bed. "That's Zoey."
Marcus looked at her. "Is she your sister?"
I hesitated. "Not by blood, but I consider her one. We stay at the same girls' home and have for years."
"Oh ? so you guys are orphans then?" He sounded a little more interested than I liked.
"Yes." I was hoping that wasn't the deciding factor in whether they killed us or not.
Marcus gave me a reassuring smile. "We aren't going to hurt you. Adam was just worried he hurt Zoey."
"I could have just taken her to a hospital," I said quietly.
"We prefer not to deal with the authorities. It was an accident from what I understand you two hit him with a car," Azrael said speaking for the first time. When he spoke, he sounded accusatory, which was annoying.
I looked at him trying not to get annoyed. "He ran across the road like a stray dog. We weren't trying to hit him. He attacked her when we got out of the car to help him." 
Azrael glared at Adam, and Adam smiled sheepishly. "I didn't see the car."
"It doesn't matter now. We would like you guys to stay the night, then we can discuss what we will do when everyone has recovered and rested," Marcus said obviously trying to ease the tension.
"Is Zoey okay then?" I decided to ask since no one bothered to even mess with her.
"She's fine ? she just needs to rest." Azrael's clipped tone tone was starting to irritate me.
Marcus smiled. "Well ? we will leave you to rest. Please let us know if you need anything."
I nodded, and they all left, shutting the door behind them. I sat back down on the bed and turned the TV on. I checked Zoey one more time before I fell asleep.

 I woke up feeling like I was being watched, and I was right. Azrael was standing near the end of my bed. There was light trickling in from the hall, so I could barely see his face in the shadows.
"I didn't mean to startle you. I was just checking on you." His voice was low and calm, easing my discomfort. 
"Oh ? I'm fine, thank you." I was trying to be polite even though he scared me.
"Do you need anything?" He sounded more like he was asking out of politeness.
"Umm ? no, I'm okay," I said nervously as I continued to watch him.
"Good, well if you need anything just call." He didn't move immediately. It was like he was waiting for me to say something.
I heisted. "Thank you." 
He gave me a brief nod, then he turned and walked out, closing the door behind him.
I laid back down trying to slow my racing heart down. He was terrifying and handsome all at the same time. I had yet to see him smile, which was odd ? it was almost like he wasn't made to smile. I eventually fell back asleep thinking about him and worrying about what would happen next. 

I was being shaken awake, so I reluctantly opened my eyes. Zoey was looking down at me with her scared, blue eyes.
"Zoey ? you're awake," I said excitedly as I sat up and hugged her.
"Where are we, Ellie?" Zoey asked as she nervously glanced around.
I sighed. "At Adam's house ? the guy we hit. They wanted to make sure you were okay."
She frowned, confused. "Why not just take me to the hospital?" 
"Umm ? well they said they are vampires, and they don't like authorities." I didn't like saying it. I felt like I was losing my mind when I said it out loud.
She looked at me startled. "And you fell for that?" 
"No, of course not. They had you, and they said I could come with you or stay behind. I didn't really have a choice," I said defensively.
"Oh." She hesitated, thinking about everything I said. "So are they crazy?" 
I shook my head. "No, I think they might really be vampires. Adam is walking around like we didn't hit him, and the bite mark on your neck screams vampire."
She went over to the mirror and looked at her neck. "So what do they want with us?" 
I shrugged. "They said they would decide what we should do when everyone was rested."
There was a knock on the door, and Zoey's eyes widened as she hurried back over to me. She sat down next to me obviously terrified.
"Come in." I tried not to sound too terrified myself.
Marcus came in smiling. A woman followed him carrying a large tray. "I have food for you. I am also having clean clothes brought up, so you can shower and change."
"Thank you. Zoey ? this is Marcus, one of Adam's brothers," I said introducing them.
"Hello," Zoey said nervously as she glanced at me.
"Pleasure to meet you. After you eat and get dressed I will take you down to speak with Azrael and Adam." He continued to smile at us, and I felt a little less threatened. Marcus definitely had a way of making me feel more at ease.
I forced a smile, trying to stay positive. "Okay."
Marcus and the lady left, and we looked at the food ? it was chicken, vegetables, and rice. It was all really good, and I felt a little bit better after eating. Zoey even started to look better. 

The lady that brought us food brought us a couple of bags of clothing. Marcus was nice enough to give us toiletries and makeup too. Zoey called the shower first, which I didn't mind. I didn't like the idea of being naked in a place I wasn't familiar with ? it just felt too weird.
After Zoey finished in the shower it was my turn. It was actually really nice to shower. I didn't stay in long because I wanted to find out what they planned to do with us. I walked out of the bathroom, and Zoey was already dressed and putting her makeup on. She was wearing a short pink dress and silver high heels. 
I smiled. "You look like you're going clubbing."
"Hey ? it's all expensive and nice, so I am going to wear it." She seemed less terrified now that she was wearing designer clothing.
I found a black lace bra and panties. I was wondering how they knew our sizes, but I didn't spend too much time on the thought. I selected a pair of pants, but they were a weird suede material. I also found a blue and black lace corset with off the shoulder sleeves and flat, knee-high black boots to go over the pants. I dressed quickly and looked in the mirror. I looked really good ? just a little odd. I didn't look I belonged to this century. The clothes looked they were made a couple hundred years ago. It wasn't really my first choice, but it was the only outfit that wasn't a dress and that had flat shoes. I wanted flat shoes in case I needed to run or fight. I added makeup, so I didn't look so pale. I decided to pin my hair up, only letting a few wavy tendrils fall free because it put more focus on the pretty lace corset.
Zoey looked up from a magazine and gaped at me. 
"What?" I suddenly felt a little self-conscious as I rechecked myself in the mirror.
She grinned. "Nothing ? you're just really hot."
I rolled my eyes. "I am not."
"Whatever, so what is the plan?" She rechecked her reflection in the mirror as she spoke.
I shrugged. "I guess we hear them out. There's not much else we can do."
She nodded and bit her lower lip nervously. "Do you think they are going to hurt us?" 
I shook my head remembering Azrael's visit to the room last night. "If they wanted to hurt us, they would have already done it." I didn't feel as confident as I sounded, but I was hoping I was right.
There was a knock on the door, and Zoey hopped up excitedly. I stood, not really looking forward to the meeting. Marcus came in and smiled warmly at Zoey. His smile faltered slightly when he saw me, but he recovered quickly. "You ladies look lovely ? are you ready?" He didn't take his eyes off me as he spoke, and it made me nervous.
I nodded and Zoey giggled as she took Marcus's arm. Her sudden playfulness took him by surprise. He glanced at me and I shrugged. He led her out, and I followed behind them. The house was beautiful. It all looked very old and the decor appeared to be expensive. There was a grand staircase that led downstairs, but we walked past it into another hallway.
He stopped in front of a large door and knocked gently. I could hear Azrael's voice tell him to enter. He opened the door and ushered Zoey in. I followed, trying not to show how nervous I was. Azrael looked stunning today. He was wearing brown pants that fit tightly and knee high boots. His pants were actually similar to mine. I was beginning to wonder if he picked my outfit. His shirt was blood red which really brought out the color of his skin.
Zoey was gaping at him, and he was regarding her with a somewhat annoyed expression. His eyes rested on me, and something about the way he looked me made me nervous. 
"Hi, I'm Zoey." She sounded like a teenage girl in love.
"I'm Azrael. I'm glad to see you are better," he said curtly.
She giggled. "We really appreciate all you have done." She made a special effort to batt her eyelashes.
I looked at Marcus confused. One minute she was terrified, now she was throwing herself at him. Marcus just smiled and shook his head. 
Azrael shifted his gaze to Marcus. "Marcus why don't you take Zoey and show her around, I wish to speak to Elizabeth alone."
Zoey's face fell a little at his dismissal, but she took the arm Marcus offered and followed him out. She glanced back at me, and I smiled reassuringly. As soon as they were gone, I turned back to Azrael. I really didn't want to be alone with him, but I wasn't about to be rude and tell him that. 
He watched me carefully as if he was deep in thought. "I'm not going to hurt you, Elizabeth. You shouldn't be so standoffish."
I hesitated. "It has nothing to do with you, this is how I normally am."
He raised his eyebrows in surprise. "I figured you were more like your friend."
"No ? I'm not at all like her. Zoey likes attention; I don't." I was trying not to fidget when his eyes were on me.
"Yes, I got that much from her." His tone was full of obvious disapproval.
I smiled nervously. "Most men like her personality."
"I am sure they do." He walked over and poured himself a drink. "Would you like a drink?"
I shook my head. "No, thank you." I wanted to ask him what he was going to do with us. I wanted him to quit stalling, and just tell me our fate.
"I checked into you and Zoey. It turns out you are in fact orphans like you said."  He took a seat behind his desk as he spoke.
"Yes, we are," I said slowly not sure what he was getting at.
"I would like you to stay here since you don't belong to a family ? your friend can stay too if she wants." He wasn't looking at me. I wished I could read his expression, but he was incredibly hard to read.
I was a little confused by his request. "Why would you want us to stay? Neither of us has a job or money."
"Let me be clear when I say I want you to stay. She can stay only because you are close to her," he said curtly.
"Why?" I asked still confused.
"I'm feeling generous, and it is not as if you really have somewhere to go, unless you liked Mrs. Jones more than I think you did," he said testily.
I looked at him not sure what to say. "What would we do here?" 
He shrugged. "Whatever you want ? go to school, get a job, nothing at all."
I hesitated, trying to come up with the appropriate response. "I need to talk to Zoey and find out if she is okay with it."
He looked annoyed at the mention of her but nodded. "Very well. Would you like a tour at least?"
I smiled nervously. "That would be nice."
He stood up, and I followed him out. I was glad he didn't try to take my hand. I probably would have had a heart attack. I walked next to him as he named off rooms.
He came to a stop in front of a set of double doors, "Here is my favorite room." He opened the doors, then walked inside. 
I walked through the door, and a rush of excitement coursed through me when I saw the walls of books. They were all old books, and there were hundreds of them. "You have your own library," I said breathlessly as I looked around.
"You like it?" He was standing off to the side watching me pick up books and open them up.
"I love it." I was trying to contain my excitement, but it was hard not to let it take over. There were so many books, all of them first editions ? it was an amazing collection.
"I spend a lot of time here, you are welcome anytime you want." His tone was neutral, so it was hard to tell what he was thinking.
I looked at him and smiled. "You like to read?"
"Yes, it is one of my favorite pastimes." He started toward me, then came to a stop next to me and selected a book. "This is one of my favorites." He handed me the book.
I looked at it and disappointment filled me. "It's not in English."
He laughed and it was a beautiful sound. "I could read it to you, if you like."
"Really?" I was surprised by his offer. He seemed of indifferent toward me even though he offered to let us stay.
"Yes ? if you'd like." He was careful not to betray what he was thinking.
I smiled. "I would like that." I didn't know why I felt so comfortable with him, yet at the same time, uncomfortable. I was seriously considering staying at least for a while ? it wasn't like I had anywhere else to go. He was right; I was in no hurry to go back to Mrs. Jones.
"We have to go for now, they are looking for us. Perhaps a little later you could come and we will start the book." He watched me carefully, and his expression was hopeful. I felt like he wanted me to say yes.
I nodded. "That sounds fun."
He set the book on a side table, and I followed him out. He led me down the hall and down the grand staircase. Zoey was at the bottom hitting on Eric and Adam. She saw Azrael and immediately flounced over to him. He visibly stiffened, but he didn't say anything.
She smiled sweetly. "Azrael, we were just talking about you."
"Good things, I hope," he said stiffly.
She giggled. "Of course ? so this is your house?"
"Yes, but several people live here." He sounded uninterested as he spoke. I didn't really understand why he was so cold toward her.
She moved closer to him, and I noticed him stiffen even more. "You know what Zoey ? I need to talk to you." I caught her by her arm pulling her toward me.
Annoyance flashed in her eyes when she looked at me. "What? Now?" 
"Yep ? now." I pulled her up the stairs. She kept looking back at him, but I didn't release her. It was apparent he didn't like her, and I wasn't about to let her get hurt just because she couldn't quit flirting.
I pulled her into our bedroom and shut the door. "He is so hot, and I think he is into me," She giggled as she sat on the bed.
I looked at her confused, but didn't comment. "He said we could stay, if we want."
"Oh yay! I bet he does like me," she said excitedly as she went over and fixed her makeup.
"So you want to stay?" I was unsure of how I felt about the whole thing.
"Yeah ? I mean they are nice, and it's not like we have anywhere to go." She sounded so confident in her decision. The fact that we just found out vampires existed didn't seem to faze her.
There was a knock on the door, and it startled me a little. "Come in," I called.
Marcus stepped inside and smiled. "I wanted to speak to you both about Azrael." 
"Does he like me?" Zoey asked excitedly.
Marcus looked at her confused. "Umm, I don't know, but he is not really interested in relationships. He hasn't been seen with a partner in years. Many girls fall for him, but I can almost assure you he is not interested. He doesn't even like to be touched by anyone."
"Oh ? well maybe I can change his mind," Zoey said happily.
Marcus looked at her dumbfounded as she flounced off into the bathroom, then he looked at me.
"She'll figure it out," I said apologetically.
He smiled slightly. "I hope so, Azrael has a way of hurting feelings if people do not respect his boundaries."
"I will try to talk to her, but I can't guarantee anything." I had no control over what Zoey did and said ? I never did. 
She came out of the bathroom grinning as she looked at Marcus. "So Marcus, are you up for showing me the rest of the house and grounds?"
He smiled politely like he always did. "Of course. Ellie, would you like to join us?" 
I hesitated. "No, I'm not really feeling up to it."
He nodded. "Well perhaps we will see you at dinner."
I nodded and smiled. "Of course."
They walked out, leaving me to myself. I flipped the TV on and sat on the bed, but I couldn't focus on the TV. I was thinking about Marcus's warning and wondering why Azrael didn't like relationships. I stood up and let my hair down, then I looked in the mirror. A knock on the door pulled my attention. I answered it and was surprised to see it was Azrael. I smiled nervously. "Hi." 
He looked at me hesitantly. "Would you like to go to the library now?"
"I would love to." He turned and started down the hall, and I followed him to the library. He held the door for me, and I stepped into the library and took a seat on one of the couches. He sat down on the other side of the couch and began reading. The story was an old one that involved the normal elements ? deceit, love, and hate. I loved listening to him read. He spoke with an accent, but I wasn't sure what country the accent was from. His accent was more pronounced when he read than when he was talking to me. I listened for a while and before I knew it, I was asleep. 

I woke up and I was looking up into Azrael's dark eyes. He was leaning over me, and I could smell his cologne. He gently touched my cheek. "You fell asleep."
"I'm sorry your voice is soothing," I said apologetically.
He smiled for the first time as he traced his finger down my cheek to the side of my neck. I noticed his pointed teeth and the way his eyes lingered on my neck. I knew what he wanted ? he wanted to bite me.
I felt my pulse quicken. I was both intrigued and terrified. I wanted to know what it was like. "You have my permission," I said a little breathlessly. I wanted to know what it felt like to be bitten.
He smiled faintly, then lifted me off the couch slightly. He buried his face in my neck. I felt a slight pinch, then it I felt like I was floating. I touched his chest, and I felt his muscles underneath his shirt ripple. It was odd because I couldn't feel a heartbeat, and his skin wasn't warm ? he was cool.
I felt him release my neck, then he lay me back down. He stood up and walked away. A few minutes later he sat back down next to me. He dabbed a wet cloth on the wound on my neck. His eyes met mine. "Thank you."
I watched him curiously. "You're really a vampire?" I felt a little out of it and I still never really brought myself to believe they were actual vampires until now.
He smiled. "Yes, I am."
"How old are you?" I was curious about him now more than ever.
He smiled. "Close to five hundred ? how old are you?" 
I was suddenly nervous. "Eighteen."
"You are young, I should get you to bed." He picked me up startling me at the suddenness of his movement.
He carried me down the hallway and went into my room. He lay me on the bed and pulled my boots off. He covered me with the blanket, then gently touched my face again. "Goodnight, Elizabeth," he said quietly, then he walked out leaving me alone.
I felt really good. I was light headed and drowsy, so it didn't take long for me to fall asleep.

I was being shaken awake, so I opened my eyes reluctantly.
 Zoey was grinning at me. "Guess what?" 
"What?" I grumbled, not really excited about being woken up.
"I found out some juicy news on everyone. Did you know Marcus is gay? Oh and Adam is like a total whore. The best part is that Azrael wears an abstinence ring ? and has for like three hundred years. He hasn't gotten laid in three hundred years! Oh, and he doesn't feed on humans ? he drinks donated blood from blood banks." In the true Zoey style she was ecstatic that she had dirt on everyone. 
I was a little intrigued by what she said about Azrael, especially since he bit me last night, but I wasn't going to tell her. "That's all great, Zoey," I muttered and rolled over.
She shook me again. "You have to help me get Azrael to sleep with me," she pouted.
"What? Why? And when have I ever been the person to ask anything about sex?" I asked annoyed.
She rolled her eyes. "You have a way with brooding men. He already talks to you ? maybe you could put a good word in for me, like encourage him." 
"Zoey ? no, we aren't that close." I rolled back over refusing to entertain the conversation any longer.
"Fine, I'll figure out my own way to get him, and I will get him," she said haughtily, then she marched out slamming the door behind her.
I sighed and looked at the ceiling. She was annoyed me to the point that I wasn't tired anymore. I got up and showered. I chose a pretty green summer dress and high heeled sandals. I painted my toes and did my makeup. I blew dried my hair, so it was a chestnut mess of wavy tendrils.
I opened my door and froze when I saw Azrael walking slowly down the hallway toward me. I smiled nervously as butterflies erupted in my stomach. "Hi."
He paused not far from me. "Hi, Elizabeth, I was just checking on you. You have been asleep for a while."
I stepped out, shutting the door behind me. "I'm fine ? just a little hungry."
"Have you been shown the kitchen yet?" His face remained emotionless ? it was so hard for me to tell what he was thinking.
"No, I was going to find Marcus." I tried not to sound too nervous as I spoke.
"I'll show you," he offered quickly. I was beginning to think he wanted to spend time with me. He didn't seem as distant and angry as everyone made him out to be.
I smiled. "Okay." I followed him down the hallway. We went down a hidden set of stairs behind a door, then into the huge kitchen. It was currently empty, which I was glad to see.
"What would you like? We have fruit and cheese, or you can make something." He seemed so at ease as he spoke. I wanted to ask him questions about being a vampire, but I wasn't sure if I should. 
"Fruit and cheese are fine." I glanced around the kitchen ? the place was really nice. Every part of the house I saw made me like it more and more.
He went over to the refrigerator, opened the door, and started pulling fruit and cheese out. I sat down at the barstool and watched him. He was wearing a gray shirt that went well with his eyes. "Would you like some wine?" 
I shrugged. "Why not."  I glanced at the clock and it was after seven in the evening, so I figured I would enjoy some.
He set the open containers in front of me and moved to get two wine glasses. He opened a separate wine refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of wine.
He poured us each a glass, then set one in front of me. "So are you and Zoey going to stay?" He didn't look at me as he spoke.
"Yes, at least for now." I smiled as I selected a grape.
"Good, I'm glad to hear that. You know you can leave whenever you want to. There are several cars that you can use, just ask." His tone was light. I was guessing this was his version of happy. 
"I don't really have a reason to go anywhere. Marcus is supplying all my clothes and makeup. He is actually surprisingly good at picking things out," I said amused.
He laughed. "Marcus and Jonathan, his partner, love to shop for girls. Trust me, he doesn't mind at all."
"I can tell ? he knew my exact size," I said as I selected a strawberry. I looked at his hand and noticed he was wearing a ring on his left hand where a wedding ring would go. "Are you married?" I knew he wasn't because of what Zoey said, but I wanted to see if he would confirm what she said. Zoey tended to live on rumors not facts.
He looked at his ring as if remembering it. "No, it means something else."
"Oh." I didn't pry because I didn't want to annoy him.
"It's an abstinence ring," he said without looking up.
Since he offered the information, I decided to ask more questions. "Oh, why do you have that? I mean why do you need a ring?" 
He smiled. "I just like it, and it is a reminder when I feel moments of weakness like last night."
I blushed and smiled. "Well you can have moments of weakness around me. I can guarantee I won't take advantage, but I would watch Zoey ? she is determined."
He rolled his eyes, which was kind of funny for him. "I am not worried about her, if anything she is more of a reason to stay celibate. Why wouldn't you take advantage?" He actually managed to look a little hurt.
"I didn't mean it that way," I said quickly.
He smiled like he knew something. "What other way is there to mean it?" 
I blushed again and looked at the piece of fruit I was playing with debating on whether I should tell him. "It's just I don't know you ? that's all."
 He frowned, looking perplexed. "What does that matter?" 
I knew he was going to continue to pry. He was the type that didn't want to be questioned, but he would do the questioning. I looked at him and shrugged. "It just matters to me."
"Why?" he pressed. The look of amusement in his eyes told me he knew why, he just wanted me to say it.
I glared at him. I was getting annoyed with his prodding questions. "It's a personal decision like your ring," I said as I started to turn a shade redder.
He laughed. "I think you're a virgin." He said it like it was a fact and not an assumption.
I looked at him surprised. "Are you implying that only a virgin doesn't just jump into bed with someone they don't know?"
"No, I am implying that a girl turning the color of a beet and dancing around my questions is a virgin," he said amused.
I rolled my eyes. "Think what you want," I muttered as I looked back at the fruit bowl.
"You can tell me, I won't tell anyone. I know your different from the other girls. I'm not judging you ? I just think it's cute." He sounded sincere, but he was still a guy, and guys were not the best ones to tell such personal secrets. 
I looked at him confused. Azrael using the word cute didn't seem right. He wasn't that kind of guy. "Fine you win, I'm a virgin."
He looked happy with himself. "And you don't plan to have sex?"
I looked at him astounded by his audacity. "From what I understand it isn't a planned thing."
"Yes it is, people go seeking someone to have sex with, then they make it seem like a unplanned act, so they feel better about themselves," he sounded a little accusing.
"Well then to answer your question, no ? I don't plan to have sex, not anytime soon," I countered trying not to sound angry.
He continued to watch me carefully. "Why not?" 
"What do you mean why not? Because I don't want to. Why do you ask so many questions?" I was trying to keep my tone neutral, but he was annoying me.
He smiled. "Just curious. I thought with Zoey's influence you would be trying to fit in." 
I laughed. "I don't try to fit in."
"I noticed that," he said softly.
The kitchen door opened, and Marcus walked in. He stopped when he saw us and smiled. "I was looking for you, Ellie. We missed you at dinner last night."
"I was tired, so I went to bed early," I lied. I felt bad that I was lying, but I wasn't about to confess to spending time with Azrael ? especially after Marcus's warning.
"Well, Jonathan and I went and got you some new clothes; they are in your room. Everyone is upstairs having drinks in the main hall if you want to come up and meet people." He sounded like he was hoping I would say yes.
I smiled. "Okay, thank you." I didn't really want to go up and meet people. I didn't do well in crowds, so I really didn't think I would do well in a crowd of vampires.
Marcus looked from me to Azrael. "Well ? I will see you up there," he said lightly, then he left.
Azrael cleared his throat. "Are you going to go?" 
I shrugged. "I'm not very social." I smiled as I started putting the lids back on the food.
He started helping me without saying anything. "Sometimes it is fun. I have to go up for a while, then we could go to the library, if you want of course."
I nodded and smiled. "That sounds good. I guess I will give it a try." I wouldn't have gone if he didn't basically ask me to.
"Well, I'll finish in here. Why don't you go up? I will see you in a few minutes." He started putting things away.
"Okay." I turned and walked out of the kitchen. I didn't really want to leave him, but I didn't have a good reason to stay.
I made my way into the main room. It was set up like a bar. There was an actual bar with a bartender and chairs and couches everywhere. I spotted Zoey, and she waved me over. She had apparently gotten over her earlier annoyance with me since she was grinning at me.
I made my way to her table and sat down across from her. "Guess what?" 
"What?" I asked trying not to seem too bored.
She could barely contain her excitement. "It's possible!" 
I tried not to scowl. "What is?"
"To get Azrael to sleep with me," she said it like it was obvious.
"How so?" I asked pretending I didn't care, even though I did. I didn't like the fact that every one of her conversations led to sleeping with Azrael.
"That girl over there had sex with him like fifty years ago." She pointed to a table not far from us.
I looked at where she was pointing. The girl was in the corner looking around. She was pretty and blond, which annoyed me. She looked to be in her twenties or early thirties, but I knew she was a vampire especially if it was fifty years ago. I looked back at Zoey confused. "How do you even know that?"
"Heard it through the grapevine. Anyway ? I guess he slipped and nailed her one night. There was no like kissing or anything. Apparently, he doesn't kiss which is so weird. Anyway ? it is possible for him to slip ? every woman here is trying to get him to." She took a sip of her drink obviously happy with herself.
I hesitated, trying to come up with something reasonable to say. "He seems pretty distant."
"Yeah, I know, but there has to be a way in." She giggled. "I'll let my great personality win him over."
Before I could reply, a male cleared his voice and we both looked up. The man standing in front of us was just as good looking as many of the men I had seen. He was tall, and he had thick brown hair and copper eyes. He was dressed entirely in black, and he had a gold earring in one of his ears. "Good evening, ladies ? my name is Lucian, may I join you?" 
"Of course," Zoey said, beaming before I could respond. It was like she didn't care who the guy was as long as he was good looking.
He took a seat between us. "My name is Zoey, and this is Ellie." Zoey made a point to lean forward and squish her boobs together as she spoke.
"Pleasure to meet you. I am Marcus, Adam, and Azrael's cousin." The way he looked at me made me nervous. It wasn't the excited nervous that Azrael made me, it was something more like fear.
"Well ? we just got here a couple days ago. What can you tell me about Azrael?" Zoey asked diving right in.
"Zoey that's rude," I chided slightly annoyed at her audacity. She just glared at me.
Lucian smiled tightly. "Its fine, Ellie. What would you like to know?" 
Zoey looked like someone who had just won the lottery. "Why does he stay single with that stupid ring?" 
Lucian smiled. "I shouldn't tell you this, but he was in love once, and she betrayed him." 
Zoey's eyes widened; Lucian had her full attention. "How?"
"She left him for a human man. It nearly broke him, so he became withdrawn and stays to himself." He spoke like he was telling a ghost story.
Just then, the room quieted as Azrael walked in. He was all the way on the other side of the room. His eyes fell on me, and he smiled slightly. I returned his smile, then looked at my drink. He made me feel like a giddy young girl, and it annoyed me.
"I have to go, wish me luck." Zoey hopped up and hurried toward him, along with a pack of other women, including the girl Zoey claimed got him to slip.
"You're not going?" Lucian asked quietly.
I looked up at him and smiled. "No, let's just say I don't fall into the same group as them."
"I can see that. So Ellie, where is it that you came from, and what led you here?" He sounded curious more than anything. 
It was hard to look at him, so I focused on my drink. "Zoey hit Adam with her car, and then he bit her supposedly on accident, so we just ended up here."
He laughed. "So it was by accident?" 
I shrugged as I played with my glass. "Completely. I don't really feel like I belong here, but I didn't have a family, so it was worth a shot."
"I see ? perhaps in time, you will feel differently." He smiled, showing his delicately pointed teeth like the rest of them. It made me wonder what it was like to be one.
"Maybe," I said as I pushed the thought away.
"So is there something going on between you and Azrael?" Lucian watched me with his copper eyes like he was trying to see through me. His expression made me a little nervous.
 "No ? why?" I tried to sound as surprised as possible, so he wouldn't think I was lying.
He smiled. "No reason, it just seemed like you shared a smile when he came in, and he seems to be looking in this direction an awful lot."
I returned his smile. "He's locked up tight, remember?" 
"Not to you, he isn't ? I can tell," he said kind of stiffly. "I find it hard to believe anyone can resist you ? even Marcus."
I looked at him confused. "Marcus is gay."
Lucian's eyes sparkled with amusement. "True, but he would change if you asked him to."
I shook my head. "You can't change something like that."
"You would be surprised what a man would do for a woman." He was smiling, but it wasn't a nice smile ? it was more of an evil smile.
"I guess I would." I smiled nervously. He was making me nervous, and I didn't like talking with him about personal things. "I'm going to get another drink," I said as I stood up.
He nodded, so I walked toward the bar glad to have a break. I ordered another Amaretto and pineapple juice from the cute bartender and waited. I stiffened when I felt someone come up behind me. They were close enough that they were almost touching me. I turned and was face to face with Azrael. "You scared me," I said a little breathlessly.
"I'm sorry." His voice was just a whisper as he brushed a tendril of hair out of my face.
I nervously tucked a stray strand of my hair behind my ear.  "What are you doing?" 
"Your friend is driving me crazy. I am seriously considering recanting my offer to let her stay," he said dryly.
I smiled. "She just likes you, don't be mean."
He grinned. "If I was being mean, I would make her disappear instead of just kicking her out."
 "Just ask her out, then be really boring, and she will leave you alone." I didn't like my own suggestion, but it would probably work.
He scoffed. "I wouldn't be caught dead with her." I smiled at the remark considering he was a vampire, and by all legends ? they were supposedly dead. He pursed his lips as if he could tell exactly what I was thinking. "That is a myth we are not dead, that is just ridiculous."
I laughed. "I'm just going off what I've read."
"Well its wrong," he countered and smiled. He was a little closer to me than I was comfortable with, but I could live with it. "So I saw you were with Lucian."
I smiled. "I was sitting at the same table with him. I wasn't with him in the sense that you are suggesting."
"What did he have to say?" He was watching me like he was planning on me telling him exactly what he wanted to know.
"Wouldn't you like to know?" I asked playfully.
His eyebrow raised as he stepped closer. There was absolutely no room left between us. His body was pressed to mine, and I was pinned to the bar with nowhere to go. "I would ? what could I offer to get you to speak?"
I smiled nervously as I looked into his eyes. "What makes you so sure you can offer me anything?" I hated that I sounded breathless every time he got too close.
He smiled, leaning into me. "I think you know I can," he whispered making my skin tingle.
I smiled and looked down. "If you aren't careful, your reputation will be ruined if you keep hanging around me." I hoped my comment would get him to give me a little room. I couldn't think straight with him standing so close to me.
His lips brushed my ear. "I will meet you in the library in ten minutes."
I nodded slightly, and he disappeared into the crowd. He was ambushed yet again, which gave me a chance to make a getaway. I hurried upstairs to the library. I paced nervously, then sat down on the couch and waited for him. I wasn't sure what I was doing. I wasn't even sure if being here was a good idea. 
The door opened, startling me from my thoughts. Azrael walked in and smiled at me. "Are you ready to talk? Or will I have to convince you?"
I smiled. "Why do you even care? I'm sure anything he has to say is just gossip."
He sat down next to me and lounged against the arm of the couch. "I would still like to know."
I sighed deciding to tell him. I wasn't sure if I was ready for him to convince me. I wasn't even sure why I let him get away with biting me like he did. Normally, I would have been completely against it. "He didn't say much. Zoey was trying to get information about you like usual, and she asked him why you had the ring and didn't date."
He visibly stiffened at my words, and I started to wonder if I made a mistake. "What did he say about her?" he asked through gritted teeth.
"He just said she left you for a human and that it hurt you." I hoped it was common knowledge and he wouldn't get angrier. 
He scoffed as he stood. "He doesn't know anything about her. Everyone assumes she left me for a human, but no one really knows. She was just gone one day. I thought she loved me."
"Was she a vampire?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't get mad.
He shook his head. "A human." He grabbed the book and took a seat next to me. He started reading without another word. Obviously, he had no more to say about her. I didn't want to pry and make him mad even though I was curious, so I laid next to him and listened. 

After almost an hour, he set the book aside and looked at me. I smiled and suddenly he was on top of me. He moved so fast that I barely saw him move at all. My breath caught in my throat as I looked into his eyes. His eyes strayed to my lips, then he lowered his mouth to mine. His lips touched mine, then his tongue tentatively caressed mine. I returned his gentle kiss as I ran my hands over his chest. He deepened the kiss, then he trailed kisses lower, gently caressing my neck with his lips. I moaned as he sank his fangs into the soft flesh of my neck and began to feed. I lay still, enjoying the feeling of euphoria his bite gave me. He released me after a few minutes, leaving me lightheaded, and relaxed. 
"Your blood is addictive," he whispered.
"I thought you didn't feed on humans," I said breathlessly.
He smiled seductively. "I don't ? I'm feeding on you."
I giggled a little. "I'm not human?"
"You are a human, the first one I have fed on in a long time." His expression suddenly darkened, and he moved off me. "I'm sorry ? this is inappropriate. I should go."
I sat up confused. The room spun a little, so I gripped the arm of the couch for support. "Did I do something wrong?"
His back was turned to me, and his hand was on the door handle. "I can't feel like this again," he said softly, then he slipped out of the room.
I sighed a little disappointed. I wasn't planning on having sex with him, but I didn't mind the attention he gave me. I got to my feet, and the room swayed a little. I walked slowly to the door, then out into the hall. I headed toward my room slowly, careful to keep my balance. I hesitated when I heard voices down the hall to my right. They were muffled, but it sounded like someone was arguing. One of the voices sounded like Adam, so I walked toward the voices.
I hesitated when Adam and another man appeared in front of me. "You can't hurt me with that ? as a hunter you should know better," Adam spat.
"You don't know much," the other man snarled. He was holding a glinting, silver stake in his hand. "This is for Emily." Suddenly the man lunged at Adam. They were locked together fighting for the stake. The man caught Adam across the jaw with a punch. He took advantage of Adam's momentary disorientation, and he shoved the stake in Adam's chest.
I screamed in horror and ran toward Adam. He was lying on the floor completely still like he was dead. I was running toward him, but he was only getting further away. Suddenly, someone grabbed me from behind. I struggled, screaming in fear.
"Ellie! It's me ? Marcus," Marcus's soothing voice whispered in my ear.
I opened my eyes looking around. There was nothing but an empty stone hallway in front of me. Marcus still had a hold of me. "Adam! Where's Adam!" I cried frantically.
"He is downstairs ? I just saw him. What is wrong with you?" Marcus asked sounding worried.
"I saw Adam die. Someone killed him!" I said frantically as I stood. I went to run toward the stairs, but Marcus wouldn't release me.
"He is fine, Elizabeth. I called him ? he will be here in a minute." Marcus was trying to soothe me. His expression darkened, then he pulled me closer and grasped my chin. He examined the bite on my neck. "Vampire bites can make you hallucinate."
"I wasn't hallucinating," I said angrily. It was too real to be a hallucination. I didn't understand why Marcus didn't believe me.
"Why am I being called away from a perfectly good party?" Adam asked as he came around the corner.
I looked at him for a minute. He looked perfectly healthy. He was wearing the same clothes I saw him in when he died. Maybe I saw him downstairs earlier, but I couldn't remember. Something wasn't right about the whole thing. What I saw felt real. "Maybe I was seeing things." I pulled my arm free of Marcus's grip.
Adam frowned, confused. "Seeing what? What is going on?" 
Marcus sighed. "Ellie seems to think you were in danger. She saw you die."
Adam laughed. "That isn't possible. We can't?" Marcus shot him a look, and Adam stuttered a little. "We can't die very easily." He sounded like he wasn't saying what he originally meant to. 
I shook my head as I ran my fingers through my hair. I felt out of it. Maybe I was going crazy. "I'm sorry ? I'm just going to go to my room," I mumbled as I hurried away from them. It felt so real. I couldn't shake the horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach. Something was wrong, but I didn't know what. At the last minute, I detoured and hurried back down the stairs. I walked to the bar and the bartender remembered my drink. He handed me a fresh one and winked at me. I downed the drink, trying to calm my nerves. 
"Something wrong?" Lucian asked as he came to stand beside me.
I shook my head. "Just a bad night."
He laughed. "It looks like more than that. You are ghostly pale."
I glanced around the room, freezing when I saw a familiar face. My heart started to pound in my chest ? it was the hunter; the one I saw kill Adam. It couldn't be coincidence. I knew I had never seen him before, not even earlier. He was watching Adam. "I have to go," I said in barely a whisper. Before Lucian could speak, I moved forward into the crowd.
The hunter was looking around nervously. I couldn't believe he was being so brazen. Adam wasn't far in front of him. I moved a little quicker, so I could catch up with him. His hand was shoved down into the pocket of his trench coat. I knew the stake was in there. As he got closer to Adam, he removed the stake from his pocket. Everyone was oblivious but me. They were so secure in the fact that nothing could hurt them here. Adam's back was turned to the hunter ? he had the perfect opportunity.
The hunter went to raise the stake, and I lunged at him. We went crashing to the floor catching everyone's attention. The stake hit the floor with a loud metallic thud. It rolled away from us. The hunter glared at me, then lunged for it. I lunged for it at the same time. I was closer to the stake, so I got it first. 
"You bitch!" he snarled as he hit me. 
I stayed rolled in a ball. I wasn't letting the stake out of my grip. Suddenly, he was pulled off me. Marcus and Lucian had him by the arms. They forced him onto his knees. I slowly sat up looking around. I was trying to find Adam. I wanted to make sure he was okay. The hunter was glaring at me like he was ready to kill me.
"What the hell is going on?" Adam asked annoyance clear in his tone as he stepped into my view.
"He was the one I saw kill you." I showed him the stake. "He had this in his hand."
"What do you mean you saw him kill him? Adam looks fine to me," Lucian said sharply.
Marcus quickly cut in. "She was hallucinating."
Anger nearly overwhelmed me. "I was not! It was him, and he had this stake. He is a hunter, and when he killed Adam, he said it was for Emily. I am not crazy. I know what I saw and now he is here."
The hunter watched me, confused. "How could you know any of that?" 
"She couldn't, unless she knew you personally," Lucian said as if he were contemplating it.
I got to my feet. I was so angry I could barely focus. "I am not crazy," I hissed as I shoved the stake in Adam's hands. I hurried through the crowd, then back up the stairs. I was so angry I was shaking. I walked into my bedroom and slammed the door shut. I was still shaking from the whole thing. I walked quickly to the bathroom and turned the cold water on. I splashed my face trying to slow my breathing. When I opened my eyes and looked in the mirror Azrael was standing behind me near the door. I scowled. "Come to call me crazy too?" 
He hesitated. "No ? I came to check on you."
"I'm fine," I growled as I pushed past him. I tried not to let the scent of his cologne get to me. He made my thoughts even more scattered when he was around.
"Elizabeth?" he started, but I cut him off.
"I know what I saw! I saw Adam die! Marcus just thinks I'm hallucinating because you bit me, but I'm not!" I felt tears roll down my cheeks, and it irritated me more that I was crying. 
He closed the space between us and cupped my face in his hands. "I don't think you are crazy. We will figure this out ? whatever it is." I looked up at him trying to relax a little. He pressed his lips to mine, kissing me gently. "You should get some rest. Adam is safe now."
I nodded and pulled away from him. I didn't want him touching me like this. He was too confusing. I was confused and disoriented. "Thank you for checking on me." I crossed my arms as I watched him.
He nodded. "I will check in on you a little later." He turned and walked out, leaving me alone again.
I sighed as I walked to my bed. I flopped down onto the bed and looked at the ceiling. I was tired but at the same time, I was wide awake. Everything that had happened was running through my mind. I didn't understand how what I saw became true. I wondered if Adam would have died if I had done nothing. The thoughts were driving me insane.

I woke up with a start. I sat up and looked around the room. There was no one in the room with me, but I had an odd feeling I was being watched. I walked through the room into the bathroom, but there was no one anywhere in the room ? not even Zoey. I started to wonder where Zoey was. I was beginning to think I was going insane. I needed to get a drink, so I slipped out of my room and headed toward the kitchen. 
I hesitated in the small walkway when Azrael appeared coming from the other direction. "I was just coming to check on you," he said watching me cautiously.
I smiled nervously. "I need something to drink."
He nodded. "I will accompany you to the kitchen."
I continued walking, and he fell into step beside me. I was a little relieved that he was with me. I had an odd feeling that someone was watching me, and I couldn't shake it. The kitchen was empty like it always seemed to be, but I glanced around anyway.
"Are you okay?" He obviously sensed I was nervous. I just couldn't shake the feeling, and it was making me antsy.
I nodded. "Yeah, just a little jumpy."
He walked to the fridge and opened the door. "What would you like?" 
"Water is fine." I took a seat on the barstool, letting my eyes continue to drift around the room.
He poured me a glass of water and set it in front of me. "You still look pale, are you sure you are okay?"
I nodded, then took a sip of my water. "Maybe I was hallucinating."
"I don't think you were." He reached over and touched my hand.
I looked at him a little surprised. "You don't?" 
He shook his head. "There are such things as premonitions. They are not common, but they are still possible. The hunter was here to kill Adam, so obviously what you saw would have happened if you didn't step in."
I watched him for a minute, then shook my head. "I don't know. I would just like to forget it ever happened."
He nodded. "I understand that. Would you like to go to the library? I will read you some more of the book."
I smiled softly. "That sounds nice."
He walked around the counter and offered his hand. I took it, and he led me to the library. I took my usual spot on the couch, and he started reading to me in his deep soothing voice.
I tried to relax, but even listening to his calming voice didn't help. He was focused on the book. He wasn't really paying much attention to me. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I wanted to relax. I let his voice flow over me. I felt my body sag a little as I listened to him. 
I heard the sound of voices like they were just outside the door. I opened my eyes and immediately straightened. I was alone in the library. I looked at the place where Azrael was seated only minutes before, but he was gone. My attention was brought back to the voices on the other side of the door. The door opened and Lucian came in followed by a young woman. She was a beautiful woman. She had thick, dark hair and bright, blue eyes. She didn't appear to be a vampire. I was beginning to think she was human. She was wearing a dress that appeared to be from another century. Lucian was dressed the same way. The room was lit by candles instead of lights. In fact, the library looked very different. It was almost as if the scene in front of me wasn't taking place now, it seemed like it was happening in the past. Neither of them seemed to notice me sitting right in front of them. I was there but at the same time, I wasn't.
Lucian pulled the woman to him and kissed her. She giggled like she was enjoying his affection. He broke the kiss and whispered something in her ear. The look of fear on her face told me whatever he said wasn't good. He moved so fast he was barely a blur. He tore into her throat. The way he did it wasn't how a vampire bit a human to feed. He was doing it to hurt her or kill her. He continued to tear at her throat. Blood sprayed everywhere. She attempted to scream, but no words escaped her lips. Lucian was covered in her blood. I realized I was screaming, but they paid no attention to me. 
I could hear someone calling my name. I closed my eyes trying to forget what I saw. When I opened them again, Azrael was over me and a worried frown creased his beautiful face. I felt like I was running. My chest was heaving, and my heart was pounding. He had my wrists pinned to the couch like he was trying to keep me from fighting.
"Elizabeth, what is wrong? You were screaming and thrashing around." He couldn't hide the worried hint in his usually soothing voice. 
"Nothing," I whispered breathlessly. I didn't want to tell him that I saw something again. I was beginning to think I was insane. I didn't want him to think I was insane but then again, maybe I was. "Please let me up," I begged.
He quickly moved off me, so I could move. "Did you see something?" He was watching me cautiously. He obviously already had an idea of what happened, but I didn't want to confirm his suspicion. 
I shook my head. "I need to go." I hurried out of the room before he could stop me. I needed to be alone. I didn't know what was wrong with me. Maybe I was starting to go insane. I kept seeing people being murdered. I felt like I was being watched, but I never saw anyone watching me. I was beginning to think there was something seriously wrong with me.
I hurried down the hall toward my room. Lucian turned a corner in front of me, and my heart started to race. I didn't know if what I saw happened or was going to happen like when I saw Adam. Maybe it was just a dream, and I was going insane, but who was the girl? I would've remembered seeing a woman like her around here. 
Lucian watched me cautiously as he approached. "You look like you saw a ghost Elizabeth, are you well?"
"I'm fine," I said in barely a whisper. I didn't know what to say to him. It wasn't like I could just ask him if he murdered a woman. Even if I did ask him, I doubted he would tell me. Then again, he was a vampire ? I was sure he murdered his fair share of people. I was guessing they all had. The girl I saw had to have some significance. Maybe she meant nothing, and I was just insane. 
He took a hesitant step toward me. "Are you sure? You really look pale."
I quickly took a step back, watching him wide-eyed and unsure. I knew I didn't want him to touch me. I wasn't sure if I saw something real or not, but I was going to take the precautions now. "I just need rest," I mumbled, then I continued on my way without waiting for a response.
I made it to my room and closed my door. I closed my eyes as I leaned against the door. 
Zoey walked out of the bathroom. "There you are!"
I nearly screamed at her sudden appearance. "You scared me," I chided.
She smiled. "Why are you so jumpy?" She walked to the mirror, held a dress up, and examined her reflection. 
"Long night," I said brushing her off as I walked to my bed.
She sighed. "I agree. I'm going to shower, then I'm going to bed." She disappeared back into the bathroom.
I sat down on my bed and looked out the window. I kept thinking about what I saw in the library. There was something off about the whole thing. It was the same library, but it looked different. It looked like it was a different time. The clothes they were wearing weren't modern ? nothing was modern, not even the lights. 
I sighed as I lay back on my bed and stared at the ceiling. Azrael had to think I was insane. It was the second time I just randomly started screaming. I began to wonder if I could tell him. If I did, I wondered if he would even believe me. At this point, I didn't even believe myself. I scowled as I rolled onto my side. I was beginning to think I was just sleep deprived. I knew lack of sleep could make people hallucinate. I was hoping I would wake up and everything would be back to normal.

I sat up and looked around. I wasn't even in my bed. I didn't know where I was ? I didn't recognize the room at all. I looked down at myself, and my pulse quickened. My belly was swollen, incredibly swollen like I was pregnant. I touched my belly, and the baby kicked making me gasp. 
The door opened, and I looked up startled. Azrael walked in, and he was smiling. "How are you feeling, Ellie?" He sat down next to me and placed his hand on my belly like everything was normal. The baby responded to him, squirming and kicking. 
"There is something wrong, this isn't right," I whispered terrified.
He looked at me confused. "He will be born any day now. Everything is perfect." 
I closed my eyes trying to figure out what was going on. 
Suddenly, Zoey's voice echoed in my head. "Ellie, get up sleepy head." 
I opened my eyes. I was lying flat on my back. I sat up and looked around. I was back in my bedroom. I touched my stomach and was relieved that it was flat. I sighed and laid back down. It had to be a dream. I didn't know why I would be dreaming about being pregnant. I was pretty sure vampires couldn't have kids. It was all just too odd.
"Are you okay?" Zoey asked pursing her lips as she looked me over.
"Yeah ? fine. What's up?" I was trying to seem like I wasn't losing my mind.
"There is a party going on downstairs. The werewolves and gypsies are here. I didn't think you would want to miss seeing it. I can't believe so many things that we thought were fake actually exist. It is so cool." I wished her excitement was infectious, but it wasn't. 
I ran my fingers through my hair. "I will be down in a little while."
She sighed in annoyance. "You would think you would be more excited about everything going on. You should quit hiding and live." She marched out before I could comment. 
I wasn't sure what to say. Everything I learned since coming here didn't sit as well with me as it seemed to with her.
I got out of bed deciding to shower. It was going to be impossible for me to go back to sleep anyway ? my mind was racing. I didn't know what was wrong with me. Maybe I had a brain tumor or something. I heard of people seeing things when they were sick. I pushed the thought away. I didn't feel sick ? I just felt crazy.

I stood in front of the mirror and realized everyone was right, I did look pale. I was wearing a green dress that matched my eyes. It laced up the front like a corset, so I didn't have to wear a bra. I didn't normally wear dresses, but my options were getting limited. I was beginning to think Marcus and Jonathan were limiting my choices on purpose. I put some make up on to try to help with my paleness. I left my hair down because I thought it looked better that way. Most of the time, I pinned it up for convenience. 
Once I was ready, I stepped out into the hall. I could hear the party going on downstairs, but I had no urge to go down there. I wondered where Azrael was. I wanted to see him. I walked toward his office, hoping to catch him before he walked downstairs to socialize. I knocked gently on his door. Relief washed over me when his calm voice called for me to come in.
I opened the door and slipped into the office. Azrael was standing near the window. He straightened when he saw me. "You look pretty this evening. Are you going downstairs?" 
I cleared my throat nervously. "I was considering it. Zoey insisted, so I got dressed, but I don't really want to go down there." 
He walked toward me, and I felt my pulse quicken. I wasn't sure how I felt about him. I knew I liked it when he touched me, but I didn't trust my judgment at that moment. "I will go down with you if you would like. The werewolves and gypsies are usually an interesting crowd."
I watched him for a second, then looked away. "Could you tell if there was something wrong with me?"
His fingers touched my chin, and he forced me to look up at him. "There is nothing wrong with you."
"What if I'm sick or crazy? I keep seeing things. Things that don't make any sense," I said panicked. 
He moved closer to me. "You are not crazy. Perhaps you are stressed ? a lot has happened. You have learned things that are incredibly hard to accept." He was so close to me that I could smell his light cologne. He would only have to move a little closer and my body would be pressed to his. 
I was caught by his beautiful, brown eyes. I couldn't force myself to look away. He lowered his lips to mine. His tongue filled my mouth as he deepened the kiss. I wrapped my arms around his neck and tangled my fingers in his hair. He broke the kiss, and his mouth found its way to my neck. I gasped as his fangs pierced my skin. My body went limp in his arms as a feeling of euphoria overtook me. 
After a minute or two, he released me, then lifted me and carried me to the couch. He lay me across the couch, and I looked up at him in awe of his beauty. I would let him do whatever he wanted to me, and he knew it. He reached down and untied the front of my dress. He pushed the fabric aside, allowing my breasts to fall free. He lowered his mouth to my breast, gently encasing my nipple between his soft lips. I moaned, closing my eyes as he sucked. He moved on, continuing to kiss and massage my breasts. I gasped when the slight pinch of his bite gave me a euphoric rush as he fed from me. The fact that I was half naked in front of him didn't bother me ? I wanted him to make me feel good.
A woman's cries of ecstasy caught my attention. My eyes flew open, and I sat up straight. I was alone on the couch. My dress was in place, and Azrael was nowhere to be found. The woman cried out again, and I looked in the direction of her voice. She was on the desk and a man was holding her, making love to her. The man had his back to me, but I could see the woman's face ? it was the same woman Lucian killed. "Azrael please!" she cried as she held tightly to the man making love to her. I felt my chest tighten when I realized it was Azrael holding her. It wasn't real ? it couldn't be. Azrael was with me. I looked around the room and like the library, it looked different like it was a different time. I squeezed my eyes shut and took a deep breath. I wanted it to end ? I wanted to wake up.
I opened my eyes and the familiar feeling of Azrael's mouth teasing my breasts overtook me. His lips found mine, and he kissed me aggressively as he climbed over me. His hands slid up my thighs. He wanted me, but I wasn't sure if I was ready. The sight of him making love to that woman filled my mind, and I pushed him away. "I'm sorry I can't," I whispered as I sat up.
He moved back giving me space. The confused look on his face made me feel terrible. I knew I shouldn't let something I saw, that probably wasn't even true affect me like it did. I ran my fingers through my hair as tears spill down my cheeks. I choked back a sob, and Azrael moved closer and took me in his arms.
 "Please don't cry." His voice was a worried whisper.
"I keep seeing things. I can't stop it. What if I'm insane?" I sobbed. My dress was still wide open and my breasts were exposed, but I didn't care. I was more worried about my mental state.
"You are not ? there is an explanation. Give me time and I will find it. Please tell me what you are seeing," he begged.
Before I could speak the door slammed open, and Marcus stormed in. Azrael quickly pulled my dress together covering my exposed breasts. "You could knock," Azrael growled. 
I started to tie my dress back together. I felt my cheeks burning red because Marcus caught us red handed.
"You could come downstairs and mediate the mess down there. You are the one who invited the gypsies and the werewolves," Marcus countered.
"What is the problem?" Azrael asked dryly. "I have more pressing issues."
Marcus scoffed. "I do not think romancing a young woman is more pressing than keeping several different species from tearing each other apart."
Azrael sighed impatiently as he stood. "Fine I will address them." He looked down at me. "Join me when you feel up to it."
I nodded, and Azrael stalked out leaving me alone with Marcus. I wasn't entirely sure I wanted to be alone with Marcus. He warned me about Azrael, and I was blatantly ignoring his warning. 
"I am not sure what he is telling you, but he is not over her, and he will only hurt you," Marcus said firmly.
"Who is she?" I was even more curious about the woman now than ever before. Maybe she was who I kept seeing. 
He watched me confused. He obviously thought I was going to argue about whether I was going to get my heart broken or not, not ask about Azrael's ex.
He sighed. "Her name was Charlotte. He loves her, and I think he is waiting for her to return. He has it in his head that she is still out there somewhere. Therefore, there is no room for you. He will hurt you, Elizabeth, and I am not saying this to be mean."
"Is she about my height? Dark hair and bright blue eyes?" I was hoping I didn't sound insane.
He hesitated like he wasn't sure what to say. "That is a very general description. There are many women that meet that description."
He was right. I thought about it for a minute. Then I remembered she was wearing a locket. It was a beautiful silver heart with a ruby in the center. "Did she have a necklace? A heart locket with a ruby?" I was really hoping he would say it was her.
He stiffened like I said something he didn't like. "How would you know that? Azrael doesn't keep pictures on display."
I stood trying to decide whether I should tell him about seeing her. I decided against it. I needed to figure out what I was seeing first. If it really was her maybe I wasn't crazy. I couldn't possibly know what she looked like when I never saw her before. "I don't know ? I need to go," I said quickly as I walked toward the door.
Marcus appeared in front of me, and I hesitated. "You are hiding something. I only hope it isn't something that could jeopardize your safety." He sounded genuinely concerned, and it made me nervous.
"I don't even know what is happening. When I figure it out, then I will know what to do," I slipped past him and out the door, then I hurried toward the stairs. I was considering talking to Azrael, but I wasn't even sure what to say to him.
Lucian appeared in front of me at the top of the stairs. It was almost as if he was waiting for me. "You look much better this evening."
I hesitated. I saw him kill Charlotte. I just wasn't sure whether it already happened or was going to happen. "I feel better. I got some rest." I was fighting to keep the fear and nervousness out of my tone. 
"That is good. Tell me what is it you see when you go into your fits." He sounded like he was demanding I tell him, not just asking.
"I don't see anything," I lied. 
He smiled tightly like he knew I was lying. "Azrael said you spoke my name ? why? I am aware that you have some ability to see the future. That is how you saved Adam, isn't it?" 
I wasn't sure what to say. He was acting like it was something I had control over. "I don't remember what I see most of the time. If you were in danger, I would say something." I attempted to walk by him, but he stepped in front of me. I looked at him defiantly. I didn't like how he was bullying me.
"My dear, Elizabeth. I do not take kindly to liars. I will find out what you know," he said threateningly. 
"I don't know anything," I whispered trying to keep the fear out of my voice. I knew he was a killer, and that thought scared me. 
"There you are!" Zoey said exasperated. She hurried up the stairs toward me and Lucian. She was oblivious to the tension between us. "You have to meet this guy. He is like a gypsy or something. He is so incredibly hot!" She snatched my hand and pulled me down the stairs away from Lucian. 
For the first time since knowing Zoey, I was glad she insisted on trying to run my personal life. We weaved through the dense crowd. There were more people here now than at the last gathering. They weren't all dressed like the vampires. Some of them looked normal until I met their eyes, then I immediately knew they weren't normal.
"Roman, I brought my friend, Ellie," Zoey chimed as she approached a handsome guy, who was about my age. He had longer blond hair and gray eyes. He was dressed in torn jeans, a tank top, and a leather coat. "You two have fun." She grinned, then she hurried off. I wanted to yell at her for abandoning me, but it was better than being alone with Lucian.
He smiled at me and offered his hand. "It's nice to meet you. Zoey told me a lot about you."
I smiled tightly. "I'm sure she has." I accepted the hand he offered me. I felt a sudden sensation almost like he shocked me. I pulled away and glared at him.
His expression brightened. "You're a seer."
"What? I don't know what you're talking about." I was trying to keep my voice as low as possible. I didn't want to catch any unwanted attention.
He looked a little confused. "You can see the future ? well part of it anyway."
I stepped away from him and looked around nervously. I didn't know who he was, and I wasn't entirely sure it wasn't a big joke. Maybe Adam was playing a joke on me. He seemed like the type to do it. "Who put you up to this?" I asked sharply.
It was his turn to look confused. "No one. Many people in my family are seers. I felt your energy when we touched. You didn't feel it?"
I watched him cautiously. I wasn't entirely sure what I felt. I wasn't sure of anything anymore. 
"Elizabeth." Azrael's voice made me jump a little. He didn't seem to notice my reaction as he rested his arm protectively around my shoulders. 
"I was just going to come find you," I said quietly as I glanced nervously at Roman.
Roman looked Azrael over, and his expression darkened as his eyes met mine again. "Our kind has a truce with vampires, but we don't associate with them personally," he said coldly, then he turned and walked away.
Azrael scowled. "What did he mean by our kind?" 
I shook my head still a little overwhelmed. What if I was a seer and I never knew. "He thinks I am a seer. Something about energy he felt when he touched me. I don't really know. I just need a drink," I muttered. I took his hand refusing to let him wander away from me. I was a little surprised that he allowed me to lead him through the room like he was mine. I stopped at the bar, and the bartender already knew my drink. He handed me one, then he handed Azrael one.
Azrael cleared his throat gently. "If you are a seer it would explain what is happening to you."
I shook my head as I took a sip of my drink. "I never believed in abilities like that."
"You didn't believe in vampires either." He couldn't disguise the amusement in his tone; it almost sounded like he was teasing me.  
I looked up at him. He was right. I was still coming to terms with that revelation. "Why would it all the sudden happen when I have been alive for eighteen years?"
He shrugged. "I don't know much about it. Maybe it has to do with your emotions. Sometimes vampire bites can make things manifest. It did happen shortly after I fed from you for the first time."
I looked at my drink as I thought about it. He was right. I leaned into him and closed my eyes. I wasn't sure what my next move should be. I did know he made me feel a little stronger.
Someone cleared their throat behind me. I turned and an old woman stood in front of me. She was dressed in bright garments. She looked like the traditional gypsy. She looked me over slowly. "You are the girl Roman spoke of."
I straightened a little. "I'm not sure. I just met Roman a few minutes ago."
She offered her hand and looked at me expectantly. I wasn't really sure what she wanted, so I reached out to touch her hand. 
Azrael caught my hand before I could touch the old woman. "I don't know what you think you are doing, but she is under my protection."
The old woman looked at Azrael and narrowed her eyes. "She is a child of our people, vampire ? not yours," she countered.
I felt Azrael stiffen. I touched his chest to calm him. "I don't think she is here to hurt me."
He watched me for a second, then he nodded. I set my hand in hers. I felt the same shock as I did when I touched Roman, but it was stronger this time. She held my gaze, and I wasn't sure what I was supposed to do. After a minute of nothing happening, she released my hand.
"You will accompany us when we leave," she said firmly.
"No ? she won't," Azrael growled impatiently. He obviously thought I was going to just walk away from him.
The old woman pursed her lips. "She is our child, not yours. She belongs with her people, not vampires."
"She was in a group home. Obviously, you didn't care for her," he countered. 
The old woman shifted her gaze to me. "You do not know your parents?"
I shook my head. "No, and I appreciate the offer, but I can't leave."
She stiffened and glared at Azrael. "She is in love with you, and you will do nothing but cause her pain. It would do you well to convince her to leave with her people before you destroy her." She marched off after leaving her ominous message. 
I stood staring after her, not sure what to think. 
"You are in love with me?" Azrael's hesitant tone made me worry.
Our eyes met, and I could see how guarded he was. He didn't want me to be in love with him. I wasn't even sure I was. I felt something, but I never experienced love, so I couldn't say it was that. "She is just a crazy old woman," I said softly as I turned away.
He caught my arm, forcing me to look up at him. I didn't know what he wanted me to say. "What if she is right? I'm not saying all of them can see the future, but I know she is one of the higher ups. What if I just cause you pain?" He actually managed to sound concerned. 
"It is my choice, and I won't leave with a bunch of people who claim I am there child because their leader touched my hand and sensed something." I pulled out of his grasp and walked toward the stairs. I already had enough of the crowd ? I didn't do well in crowds. I really didn't do well when I felt like the entire crowd was watching me.

I sat in the library trying to decide if I believed what Roman and the old lady said. If I didn't see what I already had, I would have ignored them completely. I did see the future at least once or a version of it, and I was seeing something when I saw Charlotte with Lucian and Azrael. Maybe that was the future I would be hurt in like the old woman suggested. The memory of my dream of being pregnant was also haunting me. Azrael acted like the child was his, but I didn't see it being possible. It was all too confusing.
The door opened, and Azrael walked in. He hesitated when he saw me sitting there. "I was not aware anyone was here. If you need space I will leave you alone."
I shook my head. "I don't mind your company."
He took a seat in his usual chair. "Are you okay?"
I nodded as I looked away. "Can vampires have children?"
"It's rare, but it happens. Normally, it isn't with another vampire, but with another supernatural being like a witch. Why do you ask?" He looked curious like he was genuinely interested.
I felt myself blush. I wasn't sure if I should even tell him. "I don't know ? I'm just trying to decide if everything I am seeing is going to happen or happened. It is all just so confusing."
He frowned. "You saw a vampire baby?" 
I shook my head. "I was pregnant, and you were there. You touched my stomach, and the baby responded. It just seemed like the baby was yours, but I don't really know. Maybe it was just a fucked up dream like all the others." He didn't speak immediately, so I looked over at him. He was watching me like he wasn't sure what to say to me. I couldn't read his expression. He probably thought I was a lunatic. "I know I sound crazy. I'm beginning to think I am."
"No, I don't think you are crazy. I was just hoping when you were screaming it wasn't because you were carrying a child you thought was mine," he said quietly.
I laughed nervously. "No, that was something else." I shivered at the memory of Lucian killing Charlotte.
He hesitated. "Something tells me you don't want to talk about that."
I shook my head, forcing a smile. "I'm not ready. When I am, you will be the first one I come to."
"Shall we finish the book tonight?" he asked changing the subject.
I nodded. "That sound good." I settled down on the couch ready to listen to him read.

I woke up in Azrael's arms. He was carrying me to my room. I relaxed against him as he walked into my room and lay me on the bed. He removed my shoes, then he brushed the hair out of my face as I looked up at him. "Get some sleep." He stood to leave, but I caught his hand stopping him.
"Stay with me," I begged.
He hesitated. "You know how I feel about Zoey. I'm sure she will be coming up to bed any minute."
"Then take me to your bed. I don't want to be alone," I pleaded. I really didn't want to be alone. It seemed like every time I was alone, I felt even more lost and confused.
He hesitated like he wasn't sure what to say. After a few seconds, he lifted me off the bed. There was a sudden rush of air making me gasp. Everything was blurry, then it suddenly came back into focus. We weren't in the same room ? we were in the room in my dream ? the one where I was pregnant. I was in his bed in my dream. He lay me in his bed, then he climbed on the bed next to me.
He smiled down at me as he brushed the hair out of my face. "Better?"
I nodded. I wasn't sure if I could speak. My mouth was dry, and my heart felt like it was going to jump out of my chest. 
"Relax ? you are safe," he whispered as he placed his hand over my erratic heart. 
I knew I was safe from harm, but I wasn't safe. What if the old woman was right? What if he did break my heart? "Do you believe what the old woman said?"
He watched me thoughtfully. "I think her kind and possibly you, see one version of the future. Some small action can change everything. Just like when you stopped the hunter from killing Adam. You saw the version where he died, but it changed because you stepped in."
What he said made sense. Nothing could be set in stone. If it was, then I never would have been able to save Adam. I rolled on my side, so I was looking at him. "What if I did love you? Would you love me back?" 
His expression went blank like he didn't want to betray his emotions to me. He sat up and looked away from me. "I love Charlotte. I believe she will come back to me one day."
His words hurt a little, but Marcus warned me. "How can you be so sure?"
"She loved me, and I loved her. If she left, it was for a reason, and she will be back when the time is right."
I was silent for a moment while I contemplated what he said. "Wouldn't she be dead by now? I mean she was human."
He stood and paced. "I have thought about that, but I believe she would be smart enough to be turned."
I watched him struggle with his thoughts. He was obviously devoted to her. I had a horrible feeling she was never coming back. If what I saw was true, then Lucian was at fault for her death and Azrael didn't even know it. 
"You should get some rest. I'm going to check on a few things. I will be back to check on you." He disappeared before I could protest.
 I couldn't believe how suddenly he was gone. I sighed and lay back on the silk sheets. The bed smelled like Azrael. I breathed in his scent and closed my eyes. I was only hoping I would dream of him.
I gasped when I felt the pinch of fangs as someone bit into the crease of my thigh. My eyes were closed, but I knew the feeling by heart. I moaned as the feeling of euphoria overtook me. He released me, and I opened my eyes. Azrael's dark eyes gazed down at me. I realized he was naked. He had his body pressed to mine. His lips met mine as he thrust his hips forward. I cried out in ecstasy and surprise ? he was inside me. He kissed my neck, then he bit me. Incredible feelings overwhelmed me making me buck against him. I closed my eyes enjoying the feel of him overtaking me.
I landed on the floor with a thud. I groaned as I attempted to untangle myself from the blanket. I sat up and looked around. I was fully dressed like I was last night. Azrael was nowhere in sight. The door opened startling me. Azrael walked in, hesitating when he saw me sitting on the floor. 
A small smile played at his lips. He cleared his throat trying to appear serious. "Were you having fun?"
I blushed as I climbed to my feet. "I had a dream."
"Not a bad one obviously," he said amused.
I scowled. "How would you know?" 
He smiled wickedly. "You give of a certain scent when you are having fun."
I felt my cheeks go crimson. "Why didn't you tell me that before?" I asked angrily.
He shrugged. "I didn't want you to try to hide when you felt pleasure. I love how you smell when you are aroused."
"This is mortifying," I muttered as I climbed to my feet. 
"It is part of life. I was coming to see if you would like to come to the kitchen. I would like to make sure you eat this evening." He was still smiling like my discomfort amused him.
I nodded. "I'm going to go shower, then I will be down.
He nodded. "Use my bathroom. I will go get you some fresh clothes." Before I could argue or protest, he walked out leaving me to shower.

I opened the bathroom door and peeked out into the bedroom. Azrael was nowhere in sight. There was a beautiful, red dress lying on the bed. There was also a bra, panties, and high heels that matched the dress. I walked over to the bed and slowly dressed. He also brought me a small bag of makeup, so I applied a little.
When I was finished, I stepped out of his room and walked toward Azrael's office. I was a little surprised when Roman appeared around the corner. He smiled at me like we were best friends. 
He was glancing around nervously like he wasn't actually supposed to be upstairs. "Meredith wants to speak with you."
I looked at him unsure. "Who is Meredith?" 
His eyes continued to dart around. "The woman you spoke with at the bar last night. She is the head of our people. She asked me to come see if you will talk to her." 
I glanced around nervously. "I'm not sure if I'm comfortable leaving the safety of Azrael's house."
He scowled. "They are not your people. I get that you don't understand how things work, but seers and vampires cannot be lovers."
"You don't know that," I said defensively. "Besides what if this has nothing to do with Azrael? You don't even bother to ask."
I heard the sound of someone coming around the corner. I looked where Roman had been standing. I was going to warn him to hide, but he was already gone. I looked around confused. The whole place had changed. It was no longer the same hallway. It was dark and dimly lit. Not to mention it smelled old and damp. I walked toward the scuffling noise that originally caught my attention. I turned the corner and Lucian was digging a hole in the ground. I was right ? we were in some sort of basement. Charlotte's body lay lifeless next to him. He was still covered in blood. I took a deep steadying breath. I knew he couldn't see me. I watched him as he buried her. The place was lit by torches. I knew it had to be the past. It didn't look like a place that existed in the future. I tried to walk toward the door, but it moved further and further away. I couldn't leave the basement. I closed my eyes hoping when I opened them, I would be back to reality.
"I didn't do anything to her! She collapsed, and I caught her!" Roman's terrified voice filled my head. 
I opened my eyes. I was lying on the floor looking up. Azrael had Roman pinned to the wall. He looked like he was ready to kill him. "He didn't do anything, Azrael," I said as I quickly sat up. I climbed to my feet, swaying a little.
Azrael dropped Roman and wrapped his arms around me, steadying me. "Are you okay?" Worry creased his handsome features.
I nodded. "I just passed out," I lied. I didn't want to tell him what I saw. I didn't even know if it was true or if it was my mind playing tricks on me again. 
He lifted me in his arms and carried me toward his office. "Get him out of my house," he ordered two vampires that were standing by. They nodded and advanced on Roman.
He carried me into his office and lay me across the couch like he usually did. He left me for a minute, then returned with a glass of water. "Are you sure you are okay?" 
I nodded as I sat up. "I'm fine. It wasn't Roman's fault. He just wanted to talk to me."
"I don't care. I want him and his people out of my house," he growled.
I looked at him a little unsure. "What if I am one of them?" 
"You may be from their bloodline, but they are not your people," he said firmly. 
I looked away. "Do you think what I see is true?" 
"I think it is possible. You won't really tell me what you see, so I couldn't tell you." His defensive tone caught me off guard. 
I felt my chest tighten. He must've thought I didn't trust him. I was more worried about hurting him. "I saw you and Charlotte together one time. She was sitting on your desk and you were?" I trailed off blushing. I couldn't even finish what I was saying.
"What else did you see?" he asked darkly.
I looked at him a little worried. He looked angry. "I don't ask to see these things. The only reason I know it was Charlotte was because I described her and the locket she wore to Marcus."
"What else do you know, Elizabeth?" he asked sounding both alarmed and angry.
"She died," I said in barely a whisper.
His expression went blank. He moved away from me. He looked like he hated me, and it made me want to go to him. "How do you know that?" 
Tears spilled down my cheeks. "I watched her die, and I watched him bury her. I didn't want to say anything because I was afraid it wasn't true, but what if it was?" 
"How did she die, and who buried her?" he yelled advancing on me.
I looked into his blazing brown eyes terrified. I didn't want to say anymore. I wasn't even sure if it was true. "He buried her in a place like a dungeon. The walls were stone and the floors were dirt. We could find the place?" I started, but he cut me off by grabbing my hand.
He yanked me to my feet and pulled me behind him. We left the office. I wasn't sure where we were going. He wasn't speaking, and he was holding my hand tightly, so I couldn't get away. We came to a set of stairs, and he pulled me down them. The damp scent hit me, and I knew we were close to where she was buried.
He opened the door at the bottom of the stairs. It was the room she was buried in. "Is this the place?" he demanded.
I nodded as more tears spilled down my cheeks. He was scaring me. I was terrified we would find her body here. I knew we would. Something told me everything I saw happened. It just happened years ago.
"Where?" he growled as he advanced on me again. I didn't speak immediately. "Tell me," he yelled making me jump.
"Over there," I said panicked as I pointed to the spot next to the wall. 
He looked around for something to dig with. He found and old hoe. He started digging furiously. He was a lot stronger than a human, so he got further than a normal human would have.
He suddenly stopped digging and dropped the hoe. He dropped to his knees and I could see the pain in his eyes. I approached him cautiously. He was brushing off the locket. The ruby shined when he knocked the dirt off it. He cried out as he sank lower to the ground. 
I felt my chest tighten. I covered my mouth to stifle my cries. He was hurting, and I felt like I could feel everything he did. 
He suddenly froze, then he looked up at me. "You know who killed her," he growled as he climbed out of the grave and moved toward me. I backed away from him until I hit the wall. He pressed his body to mine. His hands were pressed to the wall on each side of my face. The locket was in his hand dangling. The anger I saw in his eyes scared me. "Tell me."
I was about to tell him everything when the door of the dungeon suddenly shut catching my attention. Azrael spun around to face the person who closed the door. Lucian stood there watching us. A silver stake glinted in his hand. 
He smiled. "I killed her." He looked as sadistic as he sounded. 
I felt my chest clench when I saw Azrael's expression change from anger to fury. "You killed my Charlotte?" Azrael asked in barely a whisper.
"I did, and I enjoyed every second of it. Just like I will enjoy every second of Elizabeth's death." He sounded amused by the whole situation.
Azrael didn't speak, he just lunged at Lucian. Lucian anticipated the attack ? in fact, I had a horrible feeling he was looking forward to it. 
I stood watching Lucian and Azrael as they battled. They were evenly matched each getting hits in. I didn't know what to do. I was terrified Lucian would get the upper hand and kill Azrael. I looked around the room trying to find some kind of weapon. The garden hoe Azrael used to dig was lying on the ground not far from me. I retrieved the hoe and waited for my chance to strike. Lucian suddenly knocked Azrael backwards. Azrael lost his balance, and Lucian lunged. I screamed when Lucian thrust the stake through Azrael's abdomen. I charged Lucian. I swung catching him across the back of the head. He stumbled, but didn't go down. It was enough to distract him, but not enough to really hurt him. Lucian turned and glared at me. Azrael was motionless on the ground, and I was terrified he was dead. I couldn't focus on that. I had Lucian to worry about. Lucian advanced on me, and I swung at him again. He caught the hoe mid-air before it struck him and yanked it from my grasp. He tossed it behind him where I couldn't get it. I stumbled backwards trying to come up with another plan, but I didn't have one.
Lucian smiled wickedly. "I told you I would find out what you knew, Elizabeth. You should have kept your secrets to yourself."
"You shouldn't have killed Charlotte," I countered trying to keep the fear out of my voice. I knew he could kill me just as easily as he did her. Azrael was still motionless on the floor. Even if I screamed, no one would hear me. We were basically in the basement of the house. All I could do was try to distract him long enough until I came up with a better plan.
"I was in love with Charlotte, and he took her from me!" Lucian screamed angrily. 
I felt my chest tighten. He was angry, and I was only making it worse. "Killing her wasn't the answer, you can't make someone love you."
"Oh, but we can. It would have been easy to make her love me if Azrael stayed out of the way, but he didn't! She died because of him!" Lucian was yelling even louder. He looked as crazy as he sounded. 
"So what is your plan? Are you going to just kill us both? You don't think Marcus and Adam will figure everything out eventually?" I was hoping to make him see that he wouldn't get away with it. I doubted it would work, but I was going to try. 
He laughed like I said something funny. The sound of his laugh made my skin crawl. "Charlotte has been buried for hundreds of years, and she would have stayed that way if it wasn't for you. Without you, they will know nothing." 
He moved closer to me, and I pressed my body to the wall. I was trapped. I had nowhere to run and no weapons to even try to fight. "Lucian please," I begged as a last resort.
He stopped only a few feet from me. His eyes met mine, and I felt my heart start to race. I couldn't read his expression. "It's a shame, you are such a beautiful woman."
He lunged at me, and I screamed as I squeezed my eyes shut and shrunk down to the ground. The sound of Lucian cussing followed by an angry dog's growl filled the room. I opened my eyes. A brown wolf had Lucian by the arm. Lucian was struggling with the wolf. He couldn't get the wolf to release him.
I heard the sound of voices in the passage outside and relief washed over me. Lucian knocked the wolf off him, then in a flash he was gone. It was like he just disappeared. I sat frozen for a minute. The wolf looked at me, and I recognized his eyes. He had Roman's eyes. Azrael moaned catching my attention. 
"Azrael," I said breathlessly as I rushed to his side. His eyes were barely open, and his shirt was covered in blood. "Azrael bite me," I begged as I pressed my wrist to his mouth.
He pulled away. His eyes wouldn't meet mine. My heart wrenched. I wasn't sure if he was just hurt or if he was angry with me. Either way his rejection was painful.
"What is going on?" Marcus asked as he came through the door. Roman had shifted back into human form and unlocked the door for him and Adam. He scanned the room and saw me kneeling next to Azrael. 
He rushed over to us and knelt on the other side of Azrael. "What happened?" 
"It was Lucian. He was trying to kill Azrael and me. Roman stopped him from killing me, then he was just gone." I was trying to keep the fear out of my voice as I explained.
"Adam search the grounds for Lucian, make sure he is gone," Marcus ordered. Adam hadn't spoken yet, he looked a little out of it like he was worried or confused. He was watching me when Marcus spoke. At Marcus's command, he nodded and hurried from the room.
I looked at Marcus. "I offered him my wrist, but he won't take it."
Marcus removed the stake, then looked at Azrael. "Azrael you need blood. You have to take her blood," Marcus encouraged.
"Find someone else," Azrael said in barely a whisper.
His words hurt. He was rejecting me. I didn't even really know why. I didn't do anything to deserve his rejection. I knew he was hurting after discovering Charlotte's death, but it wasn't my fault. Then again, maybe it was. Without me, he would have never known. He could have continued on with his life oblivious to the fact that the woman he loved was buried beneath his house. 
"I'll go." I slowly stood to leave, but Marcus caught my hand.
His worried eyes met mine. "I don't know what happened here, but I do know he isn't himself." He acted as if he was trying to make me feel better. 
I just nodded, then pulled free of his grasp and hurried out of the room. I wanted to get away from the place. It was damp and dark, and I didn't like how it made me feel at all.
I hurried up the stairs and back into the main hall. Vampires were running around everywhere. It was obvious they were searching for Lucian. 
"Ellie," Roman called catching up to me. He already had his pants on, and he was buttoning his shirt. I was guessing he was a werewolf. I just realized there were vampires, I hadn't even had time to think about the fact that there were werewolves. 
I could barely meet his gaze. "Thank you for saving me." 
"Not a problem." He grinned. "Are you okay?" He obviously sensed I was upset. 
I was attempting to hide it, but I was failing. I laughed nervously. "Just a bad night." 
"Meredith still wants to speak to you," he said quickly as he continued to follow me.
I stopped at the door to my room. "Listen, I can't right now. Maybe some other time."
He looked a little let down, but he nodded. "Okay."
"I have to go. I'll see you a little later." I felt bad for brushing him off, but I didn't want to be around anyone right then ? I needed to be alone. 
He nodded and forced a smile. "I'll be around."
I hurried into my room and shut the door. I was glad Zoey was off somewhere else. I really wasn't in the mood to deal with her. I walked to the bed and sat down. The moon was in the perfect position to where I could see it from where I was sitting. I wasn't sure what I was doing, I just knew I didn't want to be around anyone. I felt the tears roll down my cheeks. I angrily brushed them away. Azrael's rejection was too much to handle. I didn't know why I let him get so close. I knew better than letting a man close, vampire or not. All I could do now was sit here and hope Azrael would stop hating me eventually. Thinking about the way he looked at me made my chest ache. I wasn't even really sure why he hated me in the first place. 

The sound of angry voices speaking a foreign language just outside my door pulled me from the deep sleep I was in. I recognized Azrael's voice. He was speaking the same language he had the first time I met him. The door slammed open, and Azrael strode in. I sat up a little confused. I was still dressed in the same clothes. I didn't even realize I fell asleep.
"Where is he?" Azrael barked startling me a little with his tone. 
I was confused. "Where is who?" I had a feeling he was talking about Lucian, but I didn't want to assume.
"She doesn't know, Azrael ? if she did, she would say," Marcus said in a less than friendly tone.
"Lucian! Who else!" he growled angrily making me jump.
I was even more confused. "I don't know. Why would I know that?"
"You have to know! You knew everything else! Tell me!" he snapped as he grabbed me by my shoulders. 
Marcus stepped forward. "Azrael release her."
Azrael continued to hold my gaze. "She knows ? she can tell me."
"I can't tell you! It doesn't work like that Azrael!" I was starting to panic a little. He was treating me like he did down in the basement. He was starting to scare me. I didn't have all the answers he wanted.
He scoffed and released me. "What good are you?" He stormed out, leaving me sitting on the bed.
I looked at Marcus. I didn't know what to say or do. Azrael was so angry. I wished I could help him, but I couldn't. 
"He is in a great deal of pain right now. Please understand that this isn't your fault," Marcus said trying to sooth me.
"He hates me, and I don't know what to do. Maybe I shouldn't have told him. Maybe I should have just kept it to myself like Lucian said," I said angrily as I swung my feet over the side of the bed and looked at the wall.
"No, you were right for telling him. Charlotte's disappearance has been haunting him. Knowing the truth will put him at ease."
I laughed harshly. "I would hardly call it at ease."
He sighed heavily as if he was as stressed as I was. "He will get better. Everything has just happened so fast."
I looked away. "He acts like he hates me." I felt the tears just below the surface. I didn't want to cry in front of Marcus. I didn't want to cry at all. 
"He doesn't hate you, Ellie. He is just difficult when it comes to things like this. He is extremely closed off, which is why I warned you against a personal relationship with him."
I nodded. "I will just give him space then. I wish I could tell him what he wants to know, but I can't. I don't know how this all works."
Marcus smiled softly. "Just get some rest. Maybe you should get something to eat."
I shook my head. "I'm not very hungry. I think I'm just going to stay around here."
"Okay, I will check on you later." He walked out, shutting the door behind me. 
I was back to being alone. I realized I was still a little shaken from Azrael's presence. The hostility he seemed to have toward me made me uneasy. I paced the room for a little while. When I couldn't stand being trapped in the room anymore, I decided to go for a walk. I wanted to go to the library, but I was afraid I would run into Azrael. I didn't want to talk to him. I couldn't handle another second of the way he was looking at me.
I walked to the garden. I saw it in passing, but I never paid much attention to it. Now I had time on my hands, so I decided to walk through. I sat down on the bench near the roses. It really was a beautiful garden especially at dusk. 
"Are you okay?" Adam asked as he approached me from behind.
I turned and looked at him. "I'm fine." I turned back toward the roses. I wasn't really interested in company, but I wasn't rude enough to say it out loud.
He obviously didn't notice my attempt to brush him off. He sat down next to me and looked at the roses as well. He didn't speak, so I remained silent. "I honestly thought Charlotte left him. I knew she was fooling around with Lucian, but I never imagined her would kill her."
"Why didn't you tell Azrael she was cheating on him? Maybe her disappearance wouldn't have been so hard," I said for lack of something better to say. 
He shrugged. "At one point Lucian was like a brother. I didn't want to put a rift between Azrael and him."
"I suppose that makes sense," I said absently. 
He continued watching me intently. "Why do you think he killed her?" 
I looked at him a little confused. "I have no idea. I suppose it could have been because she chose Azrael over him."
He hesitated. "You didn't see what happened?"
I sighed. "It doesn't work that way. I only get flashes. They last for only a few minutes, maybe even seconds, then they are gone. It's almost like a puzzle I have to put together."
He smiled. "I'm terrible at puzzles. I guess I'm lucky I'm not you."
I laughed softly. "I guess I'm just the unlucky one."
He sighed as he looked off past the roses. "The gypsies are having a fit. They want to see you. Maybe you should consider talking to them."
I sighed. "I thought about it. I just don't want to go by myself. They kind of weird me out."
"I could go with you." He offered. "I know Azrael isn't in the best mood right now."
I was a little surprised by his offer. "You would?" I kind of wondered if it was a good idea. I wanted to learn more about my past. I didn't know anything about my real family. I was going to need someone to tell me how to control whatever abilities I had. Meredith obviously knew something about me, or she wouldn't have been so persistent.
He smiled. "Of course. I don't mind. I don't really have much else to do as you can tell."
"I don't really know where they are. The few times I have seen them, they were in the house."
He smiled as he stood. "They made camp up the road. Like I said they are being persistent."
I slowly stood as well. "They are staying?"
He nodded. "At least until they convince you to leave with them." 
I scoffed. "I'm not leaving with a bunch of people I don't even know on the promise that they are my people."
"I don't blame you," he said as he walked toward the house.
I followed him. I was a little excited about going to speak with Meredith. I didn't think they wanted to hurt me. I just wasn't sure I completely believed them.
He led me through the house, and out the front door. He held the door to an expensive sports car open for me. I slid in the seat, and he walked around to the other side. He drove out of the gates. It was the first time I'd been out of the house since arriving. I couldn't help but feel a little melancholy. I missed my relationship with Azrael. He was really my only reason for staying. I didn't really know it at the time, but my attraction to him overrode my fear of the unknown.
Adam drove down the road about a mile, then he he turned off onto a deserted dirt trail. It really wasn't the kind of road he should drive a sports car down, but he didn't seem to care. The woods and brush cleared, and an RV park came into view. There were so many RVs it was impossible to count them all. "They live in RVs?" 
"Yep, they are nomadic." He grinned impishly. "The whole horse and covered wagon turned into an RV." 
I smiled. "That's just lovely."
His smile widened as he parked the car not far from the first RV. "The gypsies are actually brilliant people. They are just a little off. It's probably because of the powers they possess."
I looked at him and smiled slightly. "Are you saying I'm off?"
He grinned. "A little," he teased as he got out of the car.
I looked at the RVs in front of me. People were gathering like they were curious. I began to wonder if they ever got visitors. I climbed out as Adam walked to the front of the car. 
Meredith came out of the first RV. "It's about time you showed up. I was wondering when you would get curious." She pulled her shawl tighter around her as she watched us approach.
I glanced around nervously before meeting her hard gaze. "Adam convinced me to come see you." 
She looked Adam over. "That is curious. Why does a vampire care about the affairs of the gypsies?" she asked haughtily.
Adam smiled in the most gentlemanly fashion that he could muster. "I don't care about the affairs of the gypsies. I care about the affairs of my friend, Ellie."
She scoffed like she didn't believe him. "Come inside, Elizabeth ? we have much to discuss."
I glanced nervously at Adam. She didn't invite him inside, and I considered protesting.
He gave me a reassuring smile. "Go, I will find something to do."
I looked back at Meredith, and she watched me expectantly. I walked toward her. She turned and walked inside the RV. I followed her inside. It was bigger than it looked. She took a seat at the small table. I sat down across from her and looked at her nervously.
She watched me carefully. "From the rumors I have heard, they are saying you have visions of the future."
"Yes, and the past." I fidgeted nervously as I glanced around. The place was decorated in bright colors. There was all kinds of weird talismans and statues everywhere. It was obvious she believed in something ? I just wasn't sure what.
"Both?" she said sharply sounding confused.
I looked at her wondering why her tone was so accusing. "Yes, both ? I guess."
"How do you know it is both? Has any of them come true?" She sounded like she didn't believe a word I was saying.
I nodded. "Yes, the two I had were both real. One was going to happen, and the other happened."
She tapped her finger on her lips and watched me like she was considering something. "Seers can normally see into the future or into the past but not both."
I couldn't help but feel a small amount of relief. "Well then perhaps I'm not a seer."
She shook her head and stood. She walked over to a shelf and selected a huge leather bound book. "You are a seer. It may just be a rare trait that you possess. Perhaps your parents were powerful." She was looking through a book as she spoke. 
My hopes were suddenly dashed. "What are you looking for?" 
She waved her hand. "I am just looking to see if there are any accounts of a seer being able to see the past and the future. I have never encountered it before."
"But you still think I'm a seer?" If it never happened, then I didn't see how I could be one. Maybe it was just a fluke. I hadn't had a vision since everything happened the night before. 
Her lips pursed as she glanced at me. "Of course, you have the energy."
I watched her confused. I remembered what Roman said, and what I felt when he first touched me. There was a feeling like a spark between us. "You can tell what I am from energy?"
She nodded. "Every living thing is energy. If you pay attention, you can sense the differences in the energy. I can tell a vampire from a human with my eyes closed."
"Do you know who my parents are?" I wasn't sure I wanted to meet them, but I at least wanted to know who they were.
She shook her head. "It is confusing because our people do not abandon our children. It makes no sense, but with time I hope to find out."
I was a little disappointed that she really couldn't tell me much of anything. All I could do was trust her. I wasn't sure I liked the idea. I wasn't very good at trusting anyone. My thoughts drifted back to Azrael and the vision where I was pregnant. I wondered if that would come true. The thought scared me a little.
"No," Meredith said darkly.
I looked up at her a little startled. She was watching me with her sharp gaze. "No what?"
"He is not right for you. You will not bear his child. The gypsies do not associate with the vampires." She actually sounded a little angry as she spoke.
I stood, suddenly very uncomfortable. I had no idea how she knew what I was thinking, and the fact that she did unnerved me. "I should go."
"He will hurt you. You will never reach your full potential under his care. He is not your destiny. If only you weren't so blind to his charms," she said angrily.
"Look ? I'm sorry you think I'm some child of your people, but maybe I'm not. I'm not going to live my life like I have some destiny to fulfill ? that is just crazy. I should go." I was starting to get upset, and I wanted to leave. 
She scowled. "You can run all you want, but we are your people. Maybe one day you will realize that."
"I'm sorry." I turned and hurried out of the RV. I was relieved to see Adam was leaning on his car waiting for me. He looked a little worried. He opened his mouth like he was going to speak. I shook my head and climbed in the car. He climbed in next to me and set of back toward the house.
"I take it, things didn't go well?" he asked cautiously. 
I shook my head. "She couldn't tell me anything worth knowing."
His face scrunched in confusion. "Nothing at all?" 
I thought about her warning against being with Azrael, but I decided not to mention it. I shook my head. "Nothing at all." 
He focused on the road in front of him instead of asking anymore questions. I was relieved because I didn't have any answers.

Once we returned to the house, I made my way to the kitchen, and Adam went to do whatever it was he did all night. I looked through the fridge trying to decide what I wanted to eat. I was hungry but nothing sounded appealing. I decided there was nothing I wanted. I closed the fridge and turned around to leave. I nearly screamed when I saw Roman standing not far from me. I didn't even realize he was behind me. He wasn't looking at me, he was looking across the kitchen. He smiled as someone ran and jumped in his arms. I realized it was me. I stood frozen not sure what to do. This had to be a vision, but it was confusing. I never would have gone for Roman. He was nice, but he wasn't the man I wanted. He clasped his left hand with mine, and I realized we were wearing matching wedding bands. He leaned in and kissed me. 
I gasped startled. I was looking up at Marcus. He looked worried like he didn't know what to do. "Are you okay, Ellie?"
I sat up a little disoriented. I looked around the kitchen. There was no one around except Marcus and me. The back of my head ached like I hit it when I passed out. I touched my head and winced. "I'm okay," I muttered.
"Let me help you up." Marcus still sounded slightly worried as I let him help me to my feet. 
I felt a little weak and wobbly. I managed to support myself with the counter. I was beginning to think I hit my head and that was why I was seeing things. "How long have I been here?"
"I'm not sure. I know you and Adam arrived about an hour ago." He was watching me with a look of uncertainty in his eyes. He wanted to ask me questions, but he wasn't.
"I should go back to my room," I muttered as I slowly walked toward the hall.
"Ellie are you sure you are okay?" He sounded even more worried.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I must have slipped and hit my head." I hurried out before he could ask me anymore questions.
I walked to my room trying to determine if I had another vision or if I just knocked myself silly somehow and was imagining things. 
"Ellie," Zoey called as she hurried toward me.
She startled me a little. I wasn't paying much attention to my surroundings. I was too busy trying to rack my brain for answers. "What's up?" 
"I heard about the whole vision thing. Are you okay?" She actually managed to sound worried.
She hadn't been around since it happened. I kind of wondered where she always ran off to. I pushed the thought away. Zoey's personal life wasn't one of my biggest concerns at the moment. "I'm fine," I mumbled as I continued on to my room.
She hurried behind me trying to keep up on her obnoxiously high heels. "So I heard about Azrael. Marcus won't let anyone see him. Have you seen him?" 
I fought the urge to roll my eyes. Of course Azrael was her entire reason for looking for me. "No, look Zoey he is going through a lot. I suggest you just leave him alone."
She looked a little annoyed by my suggestion. "I suppose you are going to follow your own advice."
I stopped and glared at her. "What is wrong with you? Are you seriously so air headed you can't see past yourself?" 
She looked a little hurt. She opened her mouth, then closed it again without saying anything.
I sighed. "Look it has been a hard couple days for me. Maybe you should just avoid me too," I suggested then continued on my way. She didn't attempt to follow, which was a relief. I managed to avoid running into anyone else on the way to my room.

After about two hours of being in my room, I was able to relax a little. I started to feel a little bad about how I treated Zoey. She was irritating at times, then again she was always like that. I never snapped at her before. I decided to go try to find her and apologize. I knew none of this was her fault. 
I figured she was downstairs socializing like she always seemed to be. I hated going downstairs. There were always so many people. It was like a frat house almost. There was never a night that there wasn't some kind of get together. I spotted Zoey over by a group of vampires. They were all women. Obviously, she found a group she fit into. The one blond vampire that claimed to be Azrael's lover was in the group as well. It figured that she would be one of the ones Zoey would get along with. 
Zoey scowled when she saw me approach. "Are you still being mean?"
I sighed. "No ? I came to apologize. I shouldn't have snapped at you."
She pursed her lips like she wasn't going to accept my apology easily. "Fine, I guess I forgive you."
"Is it true you have visions?" the blond vampire asked before I could speak again. She watched me curiously, and so did everyone sitting around the table.
I didn't feel like being personable, but I didn't want to be rude either. "Yes," I said without elaborating. 
"Can you read people's futures?" she asked looking a little more interested than I liked.
"No, I can't control what happens." I was hoping she didn't have any more questions. All their eyes widened as they looked past me. I felt a sudden presence behind me. I felt my pulse quicken when I caught the scent of his cologne ? it was Azrael. 
"I need to speak with you, Elizabeth." His tone was low and seductive. I wasn't sure if I should go with him or not. Something about the way he spoke sounded off for Azrael.
I swallowed hard trying to focus. "Okay." I turned to look up at him.
His expression was impossible to read like always. He stepped forward and wrapped his arms around me. He pulled me against his body. There was a sudden rush and the room went out of focus. I caught my breath as the world around me steadied and came back into focus. We were in his office. 
He moved away from me as suddenly as he had grabbed me. He walked to the bar to make himself a drink. "Marcus said you passed out. Was it another vision?" 
I tried to decide quickly what I wanted to say. I had a feeling the only reason he was talking to me was to get information. He thought I had a vision that would help him. "No," I lied finally deciding I didn't want him knowing what I saw.
He looked at me like he didn't believe me. "You are a terrible liar. A human's heart rate speeds up when they lie. I can hear it."
"Maybe you just make me nervous," I countered trying to be difficult. 
He watched me as he took a sip of his drink. I noticed his ring was gone. I wondered if it was the recent revelation about Charlotte that made him take the ring off. "I never made you nervous before."
"You are different now." I didn't want to make him mad, but I didn't want to pretend he wasn't acting different.
He laughed harshly. "Recent events haven't been easy on me. I want to know what else you know about Charlotte's murder. Marcus informed me I wasn't allowed around you until I could stop scaring you. So I am coming to you and asking you reasonably." He was trying to sound nice, but he sounded more like he was threatening me.
"I don't know much about it. What do you want to know?" I asked nervously.
"Everything you saw, everything Lucian said to you after I was hurt. I want to know every detail," he said firmly.
I watched him for a second trying to decide what to say. I didn't think going over everything was going to solve anything. I wasn't sure if he even knew Lucian and Charlotte were seeing one another. Adam knew, so maybe he did too. I took a breath and closed my eyes. I was going to tell him.
When I opened my eyes again I was standing downstairs in the main room. People were all over the place. It was the same party I just left. I saw Zoey and the other women at the table. There was a loud sound that caught my attention. It was the door slamming open. Azrael stormed in the room. The look in his eyes scared me. He went straight for Adam. Adam looked at Azrael confused, but before Adam could speak Azrael struck him across the face. Adam crashed into the bar. People began to run and take cover.
"You knew this entire time!" Azrael growled.
Adam looked confused. "Knew what?"
"About my Charlotte and Lucian," Azrael hissed. 
I felt my heart start to pound in my chest as Azrael advanced on Adam. "Azrael I can explain," Adam said quickly as he climbed to his feet.
"I don't want an explanation!" Azrael spat as he yanked Adam up by his collar. Azrael grabbed a bottle of alcohol off the counter. He broke the bottom half off the bottle, so it formed a jagged weapon. He shoved the bottle through Adam's chest. 
The sound of my own screams filled my head. I felt my body being jerked. I opened my eyes and I was looking into Azrael's annoyed eyes. We were back in his office. I pulled away from him and stumbled. I fell to the floor. My heart was pounding in my chest. I couldn't believe he would kill Adam. I knew then that I couldn't tell him anything. If I told him about Lucian and Charlotte, he would hurt Adam.
"What the hell is wrong with you?" Azrael growled.
"Nothing," I quickly climbed to my feet. "I already told you all I know," I said trying to calm my heartbeat.
"Liar!" he snarled as he stepped toward me.
I looked at him terrified. "I have told you everything I am willing to."
He laughed harshly. I was suddenly very afraid. I began to wish I hadn't gone somewhere so secluded with him. "If you won't tell me. I will make you," he threatened.
The image of Adam dying flashed in my head and it gave me strength to stand my ground. I looked at him defiantly. "I will not tell you no matter what you do."
He suddenly appeared in front of me, and I gasped in surprise. I went to step back, but he grasped my wrists and pulled me closer to him. My eyes locked with his, and I couldn't look away. It was like he was forcing me to remain in place. I felt a tingling sensation, and my first thought was to let it take over. I suddenly realized he was doing something to me. Fear shot through me ? I couldn't let him in. I fought the feeling, trying to ignore it. It would've been so much easier if I could struggle or look away, but I couldn't. His expression darkened and a searing pain shot through my head. I cried out and my knees buckled. I squeezed my eyes shut and fought the feeling.
"Let me in!" His voice echoed in my head.
"No!" I cried out and the pain intensified. I didn't care. He wasn't going to get anything out of me.
"Stop fighting me, Elizabeth, you cannot win." He was still holding my wrists firmly.
Tears rolled down my cheeks. The pain was like an intense pressure inside my head. There was a small tingling sensation that promised relief, but I wouldn't let it in. I knew it was him, and I knew what he would do if he found out about Charlotte and Lucian.
"Azrael stop!" Marcus's angry voice filled the room.
The pain suddenly stopped, and Azrael released me. I collapsed to the floor sobbing. My head was pounding. "She is refusing to give me the answers I want."
"And that gives you the right to torture her?" Marcus sounded disgusted as he knelt next to me.
"She is fighting me. It wouldn't hurt if she quit fighting," Azrael countered.
"I'm taking her out of here. You are to stay away from her," Marcus snapped as he lifted me off the floor.
I didn't protest. I wanted to get away from Azrael, and I wasn't sure if I could even walk. I sank into Marcus and closed my eyes. I could still feel the pounding in my head. 
Azrael blocked Marcus. "She hasn't answered my questions."
Marcus scowled. "Are you really so selfish, brother? Look what you have done to her. Are you that much of a heartless monster?" 
Azrael looked at me, and I watched him. I couldn't read his expression. I realized I was still scared. I was shaking in Marcus's arms. "Get her out of here," Azrael snapped as he turned away.
Marcus didn't hesitate. He turned and carried me out of the room. He carried me to another bedroom. I had never been in the bedroom before. He lay me on the bed, then walked to the bathroom. He came back out with a wet cloth. I didn't even realize it, but my nose had started bleeding. My head still felt funny. I was pretty sure I wouldn't have lasted much longer under Azrael's spell.
"It is imperative that you stay away from him. He is not himself." Marcus wore a worried expression as he wiped my face.
I closed my eyes. "He seemed okay at first. He said he just wanted to talk. I didn't think he would hurt me."
He sighed heavily as he focused on his task. "Sometimes, we do things when we are upset or angry. We don't mean to hurt the ones we love, but it is incredibly easy for us to do."
I opened my eyes, watching him carefully. "Why is he so bent on finding out what happened? I don't understand."
"He is blaming himself for her death. He thinks he could have stopped it in some way. He is focusing on what happened instead of moving forward. Lucian is still roaming free somewhere. There are just other things he needs to focus on." He sounded more like he was talking to himself than me.
"I don't think he could have changed anything. There were things going on that he didn't know." I wondered if it was safe to tell Marcus what I knew. 
He watched me for a minute like he wanted to question me, then he looked away. "I agree." He stood and walked back into the bathroom. He came back out and looked me over. "Do you think you can walk? I could escort you back to your room," he offered.
I nodded as I swung my feet over the side of the bed. "I think I can walk. I will be okay."
He smiled, but it didn't go to his eyes. I could tell he was worried. "I will leave you to it then. I wish to go discuss some things with Azrael."
I nodded and smiled. "Thank you, Marcus."
"Of course." He smiled briefly before he walked out leaving me alone.
I got to my feet and walked to the door. I left the room and walked toward my bedroom. I felt drained. Whatever he did to me made me weak. I had to fight with everything I had to keep him out of my head. I wondered why Marcus didn't ask me what Azrael was trying to find out. My head hurt trying to think about it. I went into my room and climbed into bed.

I woke from a dead sleep and sat up. I looked around the room. Roman was standing near the end of my bed. He was holding his hands up. "I didn't mean to startle you."
I looked around trying to determine if I was dreaming, having a vision, or if Roman was really in the room.
"I'm really here," he said amused as if he was reading my mind.
"Do you know what I'm thinking?" I asked, remembering Meredith's uncanny ability to know exactly what I was thinking.
He smiled slightly. "Maybe a little. Like you, I only get flashes. I can't read your thoughts like you see in the movies."
"Oh." I started to relax a little. He sat down on the bed next to me. "What are you doing here? Is everything okay?"
He nodded, then looked away. "I was just checking on you. Meredith assigned me to look after you."
I sighed. "That is nice and all, but I don't need to be guarded. I will be fine on my own. I always have been in the past."
He continued to watch me carefully. "Yeah, but the past was before you knew about this world. It was before you knew what you are and learned your abilities."
I scoffed. "I haven't exactly learned my abilities. It's more like the visions just happen."
He sighed in annoyance. "That is why you need your people. Meredith can train you. I know you two didn't get off to a good start because the whole vampire thing, but you should give it another try."
I watched him for a minute, then I shook my head and looked away. "I have no clue what I am doing anymore."
Before he could respond, the door opened, and he stood abruptly. I felt my pulse quicken when Azrael's eyes met mine. He looked over at Roman and his expression darkened. "Why are you in my house?"
Roman looked like he was going to say something to cause a fight, so I cut in. "He was just checking on me."
Azrael scowled. "I told him to stay off my property."
"Please Azrael, just leave him alone. He will leave," I said quickly hoping he would agree. 
Azrael's gaze shifted back to me, then he nodded and stepped aside as if he was waiting for Roman to leave.
"I am not leaving you with him. I heard what he did to you," Roman protested, sounding both annoyed and worried.
"Please just go. I will be fine." I wasn't exactly sure I trusted Azrael after his earlier stunt, but I had a feeling Marcus wasn't far away.
Roman looked from me to Azrael. He cussed under his breath as he stalked out of the room. Azrael shut the door behind him, then turned back toward me. I was still sitting in the bed. I didn't make an attempt to get any closer to him. 
"Did you need something?" I asked trying to keep my tone even. I wanted to sound mad or even annoyed, but it wasn't working for me. 
"I wanted to apologize for my behavior earlier this evening. What I did was inappropriate." He sat down in a chair not far from me. There was no emotion in his voice. He sounded like he was being made to apologize. I had a feeling Marcus was behind this.
"That's it?" I asked a little surprised at his coldness.
"That is it. What else do you want?" He was watching me with his unwavering expression.
I looked away trying to decide what to say. The truth was I didn't know what to say. I knew I wanted him, but that was never going to happen. I knew better. "Nothing, I guess."
"Very well then ? I will take my leave," he said as he stood. 
He turned to leave and I felt my chest tighten. I didn't want him to leave. As crazy as it was, I had feelings for him. I wasn't sure what they were or why, but I didn't want him to leave. I wanted to hold him and make him feel better. "Azrael," I said quickly.
He hesitated with his hand on the handle, but he didn't turn back toward me. "What is it?" 
"You could stay ? I mean I would like it if you stayed for a little while." My voice was wavering despite my effort to keep it even. 
He stiffened like I said something wrong. "I cannot love you, Elizabeth." He opened the door and walked out.
I swallowed the urge to cry. I didn't understand why it hurt me. I knew he would reject me, but I made the attempt anyway. I was beginning to think I liked my heart broken. I lay back down and attempted to go back to sleep. 

"Mommy, mommy." A little boy's voice crying out suddenly had my full attention. I heard him, but I wasn't sure where he was at. I opened my eyes trying to process what I heard. "Mommy, mommy," the little boy called again. I sat up and looked around the room. There was a little boy sitting in the middle of the floor playing with toys. He looked over at me and smiled; he had to be at least three or four years old. He had dark hair like me, but he had Azrael's eyes. My pulse quickened at the sight of him. I wondered if he was my son, the one I was pregnant with in my last dream. 
"Ellie, Ellie." Zoey's annoyed voice made me open my eyes. 
I sat up and looked over at the floor where I saw the boy ? there was nothing there. I sighed as I looked over at Zoey. She was trying on another dress obviously getting ready for the evening. 
"What's up, Zoey?" I asked still feeling a little out of it.
She was watching me with a curious look. "You were saying some guy's name ? Christopher. Who is he?" 
I thought about it for a minute, and my thoughts wandered back to the little boy. "He isn't a guy ? I think he is my son." I spoke before I really thought about it.
She watched me like I had lost my mind, but she didn't speak.
I shook my head and climbed out of bed. "Never mind," I mumbled as I walked into the bathroom and shut the door. I needed a shower to clear my head. I didn't understand why I kept seeing myself pregnant and seeing the child that looked like Azrael ? it really made no sense at all. It was obvious Azrael wanted nothing to do with me.

Once I was done showering, I walked out into the bedroom. I was relieved that Zoey was already gone. I didn't want to explain to her why I was talking about a child I didn't even have. As I dressed, my stomach growled ? I was hungry. I couldn't remember the last time I had eaten. 
I left my room and walked toward the kitchen. Part of me wanted to avoid Azrael, but another part of me hoped I would see him again. There was no one in the kitchen, which was a relief. I went to the fridge and got some things to make a salad. As I was putting it together, Marcus walked in and smiled at me.
"Hey, what are you up to?" I returned his smile and tried to sound as cheerful as possible.
Marcus's smile widened. "Zoey came to me. She is worried about you. I assured her you were fine, but she doesn't believe me." 
I sighed. "I may have scared her earlier. I had a stupid dream, and I mentioned it. I sounded like a lunatic."
He sat down on the barstool directly across from me. "A dream or a vision?" 
I glanced at him trying to decide what to say. I was beginning to think they were dreams by how Azrael was acting, but they felt just like my visions. "I'm not sure. I don't really know how to tell them apart."
He watched me as he considered what I was saying. "The boy in your dream, Christopher. You said he was your son?"
I was guessing Zoey told him more than I thought. I cleared my throat trying to come up with a reasonable explanation. "Yes, I believe he was my son. He called me mommy."
He continued to watch me curiously. "Who was the father?" 
I knew he thought it was a vision not a dream, but I wasn't convinced. I shifted nervously and looked away. "I believe Azrael was the father."
He looked at me a little surprised. "You really believe this?"
I shook my head. "I don't know what to believe. I can't control what I see. This isn't the first time this has happened."
"Really? You saw the child in another vision?" He was watching me intently, making me even more nervous.
"No, I was pregnant, and Azrael was there. He acted like he was happy about it, so I assumed it was his child." I focused on my food because I couldn't meet Marcus's gaze. I knew I sounded like a lunatic. 
He was silent for a few minutes as if he was contemplating what I said. "Is he aware that you see his child?" 
I shrugged as I glanced at him, then back at my salad. "I told him about the vision or dream where I was pregnant, but it was right before the whole Charlotte thing."
"You should tell him," he suggested as he continued to watch me.
"Tell him what?" Azrael asked as he walked into the kitchen.
Marcus waved a dismissive hand. "Nothing ? we were just discussing the gypsies."
Azrael looked at me like he didn't believe his brother. "I'm glad we are all keeping secrets."
"No one is keeping secrets," Marcus chided. "I'm going to check our guests and make sure they are all behaving." Marcus got up and walked out before I could protest.
I wasn't sure what to say to Azrael. There seemed to be a rift between us, and I wasn't sure how to fix it. "Have you gone to the main hall yet?" I asked trying to make conversation.
His eyes remained on me. "Not yet, I was considering it. Are you going down?" 
I shook my head as I stood and walked to the sink. "I think I'm going to go to the garden. I was there the other night. I never realized how beautiful it was."
"A walk in the garden sounds nice. I will join you if you want company," he offered.
I rinsed my plate, then turned and looked at him. I didn't understand why he was playing nice all the sudden. I was trying to decide whether I should take advantage of his good mood or avoid him. "I suppose that would be nice," I said deciding to give him a chance.
He led the way through the halls to the massive garden. Once the fresh air hit my face, I felt a little better. I was nervous around Azrael. He was so hot and cold lately; I wasn't sure where we stood.
H cleared his throat after a few minutes. "I have been looking for Lucian. It seems he has completely disappeared. Do you have any idea where he might be?"
I shook my head. "I told you it doesn't work like that. If I could tell you something that would help you, I would."
"Do you have the visions anymore, or were those especially for me?" he asked dryly.
I looked at him confused. "I told you because I thought it would help you move on. I didn't do it to hurt you. I didn't ask for the visions."
He stopped walking and his expression darkened. "So you thought I would just be over her the minute you told me she was dead?"
I looked at him confused. That wasn't what I meant at all, but he was turning everything I said around. "No ? of course not. How could you say that?" I wasn't callous and cold ? I never had been. He had to know better than that. He had to be trying to hurt me yet again.
He looked away, but didn't say anything. I turned away from him and continued walking down the path. I was suddenly regretting accepting his invitation. It was obvious he wanted to fight. 
I turned the corner and hesitated when I saw Meredith standing in front of me. The expression on her face was odd. I took a hesitant step forward. "Are you okay?" 
Suddenly a vampire attacked her, at least I thought it was a vampire. I couldn't see his face, it was like he was blurry. I ran toward her, but she was getting further away. It had to be a vision. I closed my eyes hoping when I opened them, I would be back in the garden. 
I opened my eyes and I was looking in Azrael's eyes. He was holding me by my shoulder. I spoke before he could. "You have to go to Meredith! Someone is going to attack her or has ? I don't know!" I said panicked.
"Elizabeth?" he started, but I cut him off.
"Please!" I begged wishing he wouldn't question me. I was sure she was in danger. I wasn't sure when it happened, but I knew someone needed to get to her.
He pulled me close to him. "We will both go." 
There was a sudden rush, and we stood in the woods outside her RV. I pulled away from him and ran toward the trailer. He appeared in front of me and glared down at me. "Let me go in first."
I nodded and remained rooted in place as he climbed the steps. He slowly opened the door and looked inside. Meredith's harsh voice met him. "What are you doing here?" 
Relief washed over me. The vision must have been one that was going to happen. I would have to convince her to come with me. I noticed Azrael was not as tense as he had been. "Ellie thought you were in danger."
"I am fine. I believe I can take care of myself," she said haughtily.
I was about to argue, but someone grabbed me from behind. I screamed when he or she sank their fangs into my neck. It wasn't pleasurable like Azrael's bite ? it was a searing pain. It felt like he or she was tearing at my neck. I was suddenly thrown into the side of the RV. I felt the hot blood running from the wound, and I immediately knew it was a fatal wound.
People were yelling as they emerged from their RV's. Meredith rushed from her RV to my side. Azrael was locked in battle with a male vampire. I didn't recognize him. He had blood all over his face ? my blood. 
Meredith pressed a towel to the wound on my neck. "You shouldn't have come here tonight." She sounded panicked as if she understood the severity of my injury. 
"I saw him kill you. I couldn't just do nothing," I said weakly. 
I looked toward where Azrael was fighting the vampire. Roman had joined in, and they were getting the upper hand. The scene in front of me started to blur. I was losing too much blood. 
"Azrael, let him go. She is dying," Meredith ordered.
Azrael looked over at us and released the vampire. Roman released him as well, and they both hurried toward Meredith and me. The vampire took his chance and ran. Azrael knelt next to me and took me in his arms. "You have to take my blood, Elizabeth." He bit his own wrist and pressed it to my lips. Cool blood filled my mouth, and I thought I would be revolted, but I was surprised by how sweet it was. I drank it slowly, and my vision started to fade. I could hear Azrael speaking to me, but I couldn't make out what he was saying ? everything finally went black.

I opened my eyes, and I was back in my room. 
"Mommy," the little boy, Christopher, called. 
I sat up straighter and smiled. I liked seeing him. He was such a beautiful little boy, and he seemed so happy. I could hardly believe he was my child. Something about him told me he was. He reached for me, and I reached out to touch his hand. Just before our hands touched, he was yanked away from me. I looked up and fear shot through me ? Lucian had Christopher. Christopher looked terrified, and Lucian was wearing a look that suggested he had won. 
"No ? give him back!" I cried as I attempted to go after him. I couldn't move. I was frozen in place. 
Lucian laughed manically. "You're too late. He is mine now."
He turned and started walking away. I couldn't chase him because I was frozen. My body wouldn't work. All I could do was watch him walk away with my son.
"Ellie, stop," Azrael's firm voice filled my head.
I opened my eyes and he was pinning me to the bed by my shoulders. I looked around a little disoriented. It was another dream or vision ? I wasn't sure which. "Where am I?" I asked still shaking from what happened in my dream.
"You are safe in my bed." He brushed a strand of hair out of my face as he spoke.
 I sat up and ran my fingers through my hair. My mind was racing ? everything felt so real. Christopher almost touched me, then Lucian took him away. What if what I saw was going to happen? The thought made me sick.
"Ellie, who is Christopher?" Azrael asked watching me intently.
I looked at him not sure what to say. I decided to tell him the truth ? he could call me crazy if he wanted too. "He is our son, but Lucian took him," I whispered as tears rolled down my cheeks.
Confusion marred his handsome features. "Our son?" 
"Yes ? I know I sound crazy," I whispered as I pushed the covers aside and stood.
The room tilted, but Azrael caught me around the waist, steadying me. "You shouldn't be up yet. You almost died." His tone was much gentler than I expected.  
I buried my face in his shoulder as more tears began to fall. "He was laughing at me as he took him. I couldn't move or do anything. What if what I see comes true? What if he takes our son?" I didn't even know why I was considering it a possibility. It felt so real ? I felt the terror as Lucian took him away. It didn't feel like a bad dream I could wake up from. 
"Ellie, we don't have a son. We haven't even been together. Maybe this is just your mind playing tricks on you. Perhaps Meredith is right. You need to learn to control your powers. You can learn to interpret what you see," he said trying to reassure me.
I shook my head and pulled away. "Every time I go to her it is the same thing. He will hurt you ? you can't bear his child ?" I trailed off and made a disgusted noise. "What if this isn't for me to choose?"
"She said you cannot bear my child?" He attempted to hide his shock but failed.
I sat back down on the bed. "Yes, she can read minds or something. I was thinking about the dream I had about me being pregnant. The one I told you about before the whole mess with Lucian. Meredith nearly lost it on me. This isn't the first time I have seen him."
He knelt in front of me and took my hands. "Ellie, perhaps we shouldn't worry about what is going to happen. It is so far off maybe it won't even happen. You could just be seeing a version of events."
I looked away and thought about it. He could be right, then again ? everything I had seen so far came true. Other than the vision of Roman and me and the visions of Christopher of course. My eyes met his again. "We have to find Lucian." I couldn't just ignore it and hope that version of events didn't occur. If Lucian was going to take my son, then I had to do something to stop him even if it hadn't happened yet.
"Ellie, don't you think I have been trying?" he asked tiredly.
I looked at him. "I know, but I haven't been. Maybe there is a way."
He sighed. "I think we should focus on the vampire that attempted to kill you. I don't understand how you saw Meredith being attacked, but you didn't see yourself in danger."
"The vampire was blurred in my vision. Normally, I can see everyone and everything like it is happening in front of me. Maybe that means something." I fell silent as I thought about it. I still couldn't get a clear image of what the vampire looked like.
He nodded as he stood. "I will go ask Meredith. Get some rest. I will send some food and something to drink."
I nodded as I looked out the window. My mind was still racing. I couldn't shake the fear I felt when Lucian took Christopher. I knew I couldn't chance letting it happen. I wasn't sure I would survive it, if it did happen as I saw it.
Marcus brought me food and something to drink. I didn't feel much like eating, but I forced myself. I felt a little bit better, but I still felt weak. I climbed out of bed and the room still spun slightly. I walked to the mirror and examined my neck where the vampire bit me. There wasn't a mark on me. Azrael's blood healed me completely. My door opened startling me a little. 
Roman smiled sheepishly. "Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you."
I smiled faintly as I walked back to my bed. "I have been a little jumpy lately. It doesn't take much."
He sat down in the chair near the bed. "You gave us a little bit of a scare. Are you feeling better?" 
I shrugged. "I'm weak but alive. Azrael said he was going to talk to Meredith. I couldn't see the vampire that attacked her in my dream. Azrael thinks it means something."
He gave a slight nod. "It might. Someone could be blocking you for some reason. I have heard of it being done but normally if you are blocked from a certain person, then you wouldn't be able to see anything."
"I'm just glad he didn't attack Meredith. I would've felt terrible. Maybe you guys should move on. It obviously isn't safe here."
His expression hardened. "We aren't leaving you behind. We will leave if you come with us."
I sighed. The gypsies were obviously a very difficult people. If they wanted something, they sure didn't give up very easily. "I can't leave."
He scowled. "I don't understand why you are so attached to him. He doesn't love you. If he did, he would do what is best for you and let you go."
It was obvious he was talking about Azrael. "I can't tell you why I'm staying because I don't even know myself. I just know I shouldn't walk away ? at least not yet."
He made an annoyed noise as he stood. "The guy is obsessed with his dead girlfriend. You could find someone who loves you and only you."
I looked out the window. I wasn't trying to get Azrael to love me ? I just felt like I should be here for some reason. I wasn't even sure if it had anything to do with Azrael. "I know no one understands what is going on ? I don't either. I just feel like I'm supposed to be here. Maybe that feeling will change eventually."
He watched me for a minute longer, then he ran his fingers through his hair. "I suppose you should do what your heart is telling you. I should go. Patrols around camp have increased since the vampire attack. I'm supposed to be overseeing everything." He sounded a little disgruntled as he spoke. I obviously annoyed him ? it seemed like I was good at doing that lately. 
I attempted a small smile. "Okay, I will see you later."
He nodded, then hurried out of the room. I sighed as I lay back on the pillows. I wished I could have a vision that made sense. One that would tell me what I was supposed to do. I was so confused. I was never sure if I was making the right decisions.
A few minutes later, there was a light knock on the door and Meredith came in. She looked me over. "Well ? you look better. I wasn't so sure you were going to make it."
"I am still weak. Did Azrael ask you about the identity of the vampire being blurry?" I asked, hoping she would give me some information I could use.
She nodded. "He mentioned it. It could simply be that your powers are not developed very well." She took a seat in the chair next to the bed as she spoke.
"Every other vision has been clear to the point that I thought it was real. It felt real like it was actually happening. I don't see why that one would be any different," I said confused.
She shrugged. "Perhaps there is something or someone blocking you. It is possible that the vision you had was sent to you. Perhaps you were their target not me. They knew you would leave the confines of Azrael's home to protect me."
"How could they send me a vision? That doesn't make any sense." I was getting even more confused. I could barely control my own visions, now she was saying they could be sent to me ? sometimes it was all too much to process.
"A witch could do it, or a very powerful seer. They have to have a purpose for doing it. They wouldn't just do it for fun," she said curtly. 
I had a feeling she was about to start telling me off again. I didn't really want to ask her why they would do it. I was pretty sure she thought it had to do with Azrael. "How do I find out who it is? Is there a way I can tell when it is a fake vision?"
She nodded as she stood. "You need to train yourself to determine when you are actually having a vision, then you can work on determining when they will occur, or if they are just an illusion meant to distract you."
"Can you train me?" I asked, trying not to sound too hopeful.
She watched me for a second like she was trying to decide. She finally nodded. "I can. Come to my RV tomorrow night, and we will start. Come alone. You do not need a vampire messing up the aura. I will send Roman to fetch you."
I smiled relieved. "Thank you."
"Just don't squander your talent. If you have any questions, do not be afraid to ask ? and avoid Azrael. I have said it before ? he will only hurt you," she said sharply. 
Before I could respond, she walked out. I wasn't going to argue with her. I was just glad she was willing to help me at all. I figured she was mad at me for choosing to stay instead of leaving with her and the gypsies.

After another hour of staying in my room I was going stir crazy. I needed to do something. I was starting to think I was going insane. All I could do was sit and think about everything that happened. 
I decided to go for a walk. If anything, I just needed to find someone to talk to. Adam was nice and easygoing, so I decided he would be the best option. I was pretty sure he would be downstairs like he always seemed to be.
The main room was crowded like usual. I walked to the bar, and the bartender handed me a drink. I scanned the room looking for Adam. I was a little disappointed when I saw him sitting on a couch surrounded by women. He was too preoccupied to deal with me. 
Marcus came to stand beside me. "I didn't think I would see you up and about yet."
I smiled weakly. "I was going stir crazy sitting by myself."
He smiled as he accepted the drink the bartender handed him. "I heard Meredith came to see you. Did you learn anything that would be helpful?"
I shook my head. "She is going to train me to use my ability. I start tomorrow night. Roman is going to come get me and take me to the RV park."
"You aren't leaving the grounds." Azrael's clipped tone caught me off guard as he came up behind Marcus and me. I didn't even hear him approach ? I wasn't even sure if Marcus did.
"I have to leave. Meredith won't train me here." I was trying to keep my tone even. I didn't want to fight with him.
"She can come here, or you don't get to train ? it is her choice. There is a vampire running around that tried to kill you. I'm not going to let you go exactly where he wants you." Azrael accepted a drink from the bartender as he spoke.
"You can't tell me what to do," I said testily.
He looked at me, but I couldn't read his expression. "You are under my care; therefore, I can. You are not leaving the grounds ? it is not safe."
I opened my mouth to protest, but he disappeared before I could. I looked at Marcus.
 He raised his hands in surrender. "I can't change his mind. I actually don't completely disagree with him. They attacked you the first time at the gypsy camp. What is to keep them from doing it again?" 
I scowled. "He is so irritating. Which is it? He either cares or he doesn't. He can't do both!" I snapped and walked off. I was irritated now. I didn't want to be told what to do, especially not by Azrael.
I walked toward the garden. Aside from the library, it was getting to be my favorite place in the house. Thinking about the library made me miss Azrael's company. The thought annoyed me even more. He was the one pushing me away. I wanted to just feel nothing for him and disregard him completely like he was doing to me. I sat down on the bench and watched the fish swim around in the pond in front of me.
You don't look happy," a female voice said from behind me.
I recognized her voice, but I couldn't place it. I turned to see who it was and immediately recognized her ? it was the blond vampire that Zoey hung out with. She was the one who claimed to be Azrael's former lover.
"It hasn't been a good couple of days," I said absently.
She sighed as she came to stand beside me. "I have only heard bits and pieces of what is going on, but it seems like you have had some bad luck."
I scoffed. "You could say that."
She smiled. "My name is Diana by the way."
I forced a smile in an attempt to seem friendly. "Elizabeth or Ellie."
She didn't speak for a few minutes. The silence was kind of awkward. I had the urge to ask her what she wanted, but I held my tongue. 
"I'm sure the gypsies are glad to have found you," she said as nonchalantly as she could manage.
I looked at her a little confused. She acted like they were looking for me. I just met the gypsies. I had no clue about any of them until I met the vampires. "I just met them. They are trying to get me to leave with them."
She looked at me surprised. "You don't want to go with your people. I would think after being an orphan for so long that you would be happy to have your people back."
"I don't even know if they are my people." I looked back out over the pond. I wasn't sure of anything anymore, and Azrael was going to make it difficult for me to find anything out.
"Oh ? I thought you were that missing little girl. Well maybe not ? you know how rumors go." She laughed lightly like it was a big joke.
"I don't know what you are talking about." I was watching her carefully. I had to admit I was interested. I hadn't heard anything about a missing little girl. Then again, she could have made it all up.
She waved her hand like it was no big deal. "Don't worry about it. If they haven't mentioned it to you, I'm sure it is just a rumor."
"Why don't you just tell me what the rumor is," I said trying not to get impatient.
She sighed as she took a seat next to me. "Well they say there was a girl taken from the gypsy camp a few years back. This girl's parents were very powerful seers. They thought someone had taken her to hold her for ransom. Of course they immediately thought it was a vampire that took her. Anyway, there was never any demands made, and she was never found."
"The gypsies think that girl is me?" I didn't want to say I believed her, but I would've liked to believe my parents were out there somewhere. 
She shrugged. "That's the rumor. You should go ask the head gypsy. I'm surprised she hasn't mentioned it."
I looked back out toward the pond. I didn't understand why she didn't mention it either. I would have loved to go ask, but Azrael wasn't going to let me off the property. "I'm not allowed to leave. I will just have to ask Roman the next time he comes around."
She laughed. "I suppose Azrael is imprisoning you to protect you."
I nodded. "I'm going to convince him to let me leave for my training. I just haven't come up with a good enough argument yet."
She smiled slightly. "There is a gate down the garden path, to the left. It leads into the woods. If you stay straight on the path through the woods, you will be at the gypsy camp in no time. He would never know you were gone." 
I looked at her trying to decide whether I should trust her or not. I didn't really understand why she wanted to help me. She and I only spoke briefly once. I looked away. "I don't know if it's a good idea."
She sighed as she stood. "Suit yourself. You will never learn anything staying cooped up in this place." She walked away without another word. I watched her walk back up the path toward the house. I wondered if I should even take the risk. I knew she was right ? I would never learn anything if I did what Azrael wanted and stayed in the house.
I stood and walked up the path toward the gate Diana mentioned. I wasn't planning on leaving ? at least I didn't think I was. I just wanted to see if the gate was there. I turned the corner and spotted the gate. It was well hidden thanks to the ivy. I walked over to the gate to examine the latch. There didn't appear to be a lock on it. 
"Going somewhere?" Azrael's low voice startled me.
I spun around and glared at him. I was so tired of him sneaking up on me. "Maybe."
"I said you weren't to leave the grounds," he said firmly.
I stuck my chin out defiantly. "You can't keep me trapped here. Why does it matter to you what I do anyway?" 
His expression darkened. "I am trying to keep you from ending up a vampire's dinner."
"Why do you care if I end up a vampire's dinner? You made it clear I didn't matter to you," I snapped standing my ground. I was tired of him pushing me around. He had no right to tell me what to do.
He scoffed. "I never said you didn't matter. I said I refused to love you ? there is a difference. I would keep Adam confined to the grounds if it was necessary to keep him safe."
I pressed my lips together and glared at him. "When I agreed to stay here, you agreed I could come and go as I pleased. Now I want to go. You can't stop me." I turned and reached for the gate handle.
He caught me around the waist and pulled me against him, so my back was pressed to his chest. There was a sudden rush and my vision went out of focus. When it steadied again, we were in my room. He easily picked me up and tossed me on the bed. "You shouldn't be up yet. You are still weak."
"I'm leaving!" I growled as I climbed back off the bed. I went to walk past him, but he blocked me. He looked down at me like I was being an annoyance. I attempted to shove him, but he didn't budge. He was going to be a bully, and it was irritating me. "You cannot keep me here!" 
"I can, and I will." He was refusing to budge at all. 
"Azrael!" I pouted as I stomped my foot and glared at him. "Marcus won't let you keep me trapped here!"
A slight smile played at his lips. He thought this was funny. His smile only made me angrier. "You are cute when you are angry," he teased.
I scowled and attempted to dodge past him. He wasn't going to let me get by him. He was standing next to the bed. If I couldn't get past him, my only option was to go over the bed. I lunged for the bed and attempted to crawl over. He was too fast. He grabbed my ankle. I cussed and attempted to kick at him as he rolled me on my back. He climbed on the bed and pinned me, so I couldn't hit him anymore. 
"Let me go, Azrael!" I ordered. I knew I was wasting my breath, but I wasn't going to give in and just obey. I wiggled and squirmed trying to get out of his grasp until I had no more energy. His body was pressed to mine. I was panting, trying to catch my breath. 
His hands were firmly clamped around my wrists, and his hips were pressed into mine. I was suddenly very aware of how close he was to me. He smiled slightly. "Are you done?" 
I narrowed my eyes at him. "I am going to leave as soon as you let me up."
His smile widened. "Then I won't let you up. I'm not going to let you get hurt."
I rolled my eyes. "I'm not going to get hurt. The vampire that attacked me was meant for Meredith, I just got in the way. He probably thinks I'm dead."
"Or Meredith was bait because whoever sent him knew you would go running if you saw her in trouble," he said dryly.
Meredith mentioned what he was saying was a possibility. I had no doubt she mentioned it to Azrael. I doubted she thought he was going to use it against me and keep me confined to the house. I pressed my lips together, trying to keep my cool. "That hasn't been proven."
"No ? it hasn't, and I'm not going to wait for it to be proven." His smile widened, "It is called being proactive."
"Oh you are so annoying!" I yelled as I started to buck and wiggle under him. It was useless. I was just wearing myself out. He really wasn't going to give up. I scowled at him, and he continued to smile. I made an annoyed noise and looked away from him. I was going to ignore him until he got bored. 
After a few minutes of silence, he pressed his lips to my exposed neck. I felt my pulse quicken at his affectionate touch. I wanted to be angry and pull away, but I couldn't. I closed my eyes and attempted to calm my nerves. I didn't want him to think I liked what he was doing. I gasped when he sank his fangs into my neck. The euphoria of his bite overtook me. It had been so long since I experienced the feeling ? it was an amazing feeling. My body completely relaxed under him. He released me, and I looked up at him. He lowered his mouth to mine. His tongue touched mine as his lips gently teased my lips. He deepened the kiss as he released my wrists. My pulse quickened as I tangled my fingers in his soft, dark hair and returned his aggressive kiss. 
Suddenly, he pulled away and moved so he was sitting near the edge of the bed. He watched me from his position on the edge of the bed. "Elizabeth, I ?" he started.
I quickly cut him off. "No, you don't get to keep pushing me away." I crawled into his lap and pressed my lips to his. I was relieved when he didn't push me away. He held me and kissed me gently. I didn't want him to just kiss me ? I wanted more. I wanted him to hold me and tell me everything would be okay. My fingers went to the buttons of his shirt. 
He caught my hands and pressed his forehead to mine. "I am not the man you seem to think I am."
"I don't care who you think you are. I know you aren't a bad person. You have to quit pushing me away," I pleaded as I pressed my body to his. I was facing him, straddling his hips. I pressed my lips to his again and kissed him gently, nipping at his lips playfully. 
The bedroom door slammed open, starling me a little. Zoey came storming in. She hesitated when she saw Azrael and me. Her expression darkened. "This is just great," she muttered, then she marched into the bathroom and slammed the door.
I groaned and buried my face in Azrael's chest. "This sucks," I mumbled.
He laughed softly. "Perhaps it is for the best. You should see what is wrong with her."
I knew he just wanted to get out of the situation. I was doing a damn good job at keeping him in place, and Zoey had to go and ruin it. He stood and dropped me on the bed. I looked up at him trying to decide if I wanted to protest. I did, but I knew I had to deal with Zoey. "You haven't won," I said haughtily.
A small smile played at his lips. He was breathtakingly beautiful when he smiled like that. "I think I have," he teased. He turned and walked out without saying anything else. I groaned and flopped back down on the bed.
Zoey came out of the bathroom. She was dabbing her eyes like she was crying. "Oh ? he left?" 
I sighed and sat up. "He did. What is wrong?" 
She came over and sat down on the bed next to me. "I met this guy and at first things were great, but now he's being an ass."
Of course her problems were all centered around guys. I was always comforting her every time she broke up. "Well you should look for someone better. Don't waste your time on a guy who wants to be an ass."
She sniffled. "He is perfect though. He is sweet and funny. Plus, he is incredibly good looking. He makes me feel important."
"There are a ton of good looking guys here. I'm sure you will find another one who is ten times better." I was trying to comfort her. I did feel bad for her in a way. She always just wanted someone to care about her. It never worked out very well because she got a little clingier than most guys liked.
Her face suddenly brightened. "Oh I know ? you could tell him that you had a vision, and he is meant to be with me. Maybe then he wouldn't be such an ass."
I rolled my eyes. "Zoey, he can't be that much of an idiot and if he is, then you don't want him. 
She wasn't deterred. "Adam believes in what you see. He believes in it because you saved him."
"Zoey you went after Adam?" I was confused. "You, yourself said he was a player. Why would you waste your time?"
She shrugged. "He is cute and funny and everything I want. Please do this for me."
I shook my head. "Zoey, no," I said firmly as I stood. I wasn't going to start lying about visions, so she could get a boyfriend. 
She scowled at me as she stood. "You never help me! All you care about is yourself!" 
I opened my mouth to speak, but she stood and ran from the room before I could. I muttered in annoyance as I shut the door behind her. I didn't like that she was mad, but she knew better than to ask me to lie. I was never a good liar. I paced the room for a minute thinking about everything that happened. The more I thought about Adam, the more annoyed I got. I marched out of the room determined to go speak with him. I wasn't going to lie to him, but I was going to tell him off.
I walked downstairs and spotted Adam near the bar. I poked him in the side. "I need to speak to you."
He looked a little surprised but mostly amused. "What about?"
My eyebrow shot up as I crossed my arms. "Zoey, what do you think?" 
He rolled his eyes. "She is incredibly annoying."
I scowled. "You should have known better than to even mess with her. Now she is upstairs crying."
"Look ? I told her it was all for fun. She just thought I was kidding or something," he muttered.
"No, she's a girl ? a human girl. You vampires seem to forget that," I snapped.
He looked startled by my outburst. When he didn't speak, I rolled my eyes and walked away. The longer I talked to him, the more irritated I got. I knew I was taking my annoyance with Azrael out on him, but he was being just as much as a pain to Zoey as Azrael was being to me.
I walked toward the staircase. The only thing I could do was go back to my room. I hesitated when I saw the front door. I never thought about just leaving through the front door. He probably wouldn't expect it. He would only be looking for the hidden exits. I looked around, trying to decide if I should go for it. I didn't see Azrael anywhere around. I made a beeline for the door. I slipped out the door and stood on the porch. I was surprised Azrael didn't appear out of thin air. After a few minutes of not being stopped, I decided to keep going. I hurried down the steps and down the driveway. I slipped out the side gate and hurried down the dark road. I remembered the way to the gypsy camp from when Adam took me. 
It took me a while, but I made it to the dirt road. I walked down the dirt path. It was dark out, so it was a little creepy, but my determination got me through.
A large man stepped out of the trees. "Who are you?" I didn't recognize him. His eyes glowed, and it made me nervous. He had to be a werewolf like Roman. I saw Roman's eyes glow like that before when he was annoyed.
I hesitated. "My name is Elizabeth. I was hoping to see Meredith."
"Manny, I know her." Roman stepped out of the woods behind the man. The man nodded, then retreated back into the woods. Roman continued toward me. "Ellie what are you doing walking around so late at night?" 
I smiled nervously. "I was kind of on lockdown. I figured out a way to get away, so I came here."
Roman's expression darkened. "He was holding you hostage?" 
My eyes widened in surprise at his angry tone. "No ? he was just trying to protect me. I just needed to get away for a little while. I'm sure he will eventually figure out that I'm gone, and come looking for me."
"Meredith is away, but you can hang out with me," he offered.
I nodded. "That's sounds like it might be fun."
He smiled and started walking toward the camp. I fell into step next to him. I wanted to ask him about the rumors Diana mentioned, but I wasn't sure if it was a good idea. "So where is Meredith tonight?"
He glanced at me like he was trying to decide what to say. "She is out with an old friend. My place is over here," he said directing me to a small camper.
He climbed in and I followed him. It was quite a bit smaller than Meredith's RV, but it was comfy for one person. I sat down on a small couch, and he went over to the fridge and got us both a beer.
"So ? do you live in this one alone?" I asked looking around.
He smiled and nodded as he sat down next to me. He handed me the beer. "I like living on my own. Meredith is my granny. I lived with her for a while, then I got my own place."
I looked around curiously. "I have never lived on my own."
He reached over and nudged me. "Are you okay? Is he treating you okay?" I could hear the hint of annoyance in his voice. It was obvious he didn't like Azrael. I wasn't sure if it was because of me, or if it was just the vampire/gypsy rivalry. 
I shrugged. "I'm fine. Lately, everything has just been so confusing. I don't know when I'm having a vision and when I'm dreaming. Hopefully, with Meredith's help, I can make some sense of everything."
"You will figure everything out." He sounded so confident ? I was kind of glad he was because I wasn't. 
"I heard a rumor at Azrael's house. Some people think I'm some lost gypsy girl. Do you know anything about it?" I was silently hoping he would tell me anything he might know.
He watched me for a minute, then he sighed. "It is one of the possibilities. Meredith is looking into."
"Are this girl's parents still alive?" If there was a possibility that they are my parents, I wanted to meet them. 
He nodded. "They are alive, but they haven't been easy to find. After the girl disappeared, they separated from the gypsies and went into seclusion."
"Oh." I looked down at the beer. It was decent, but I wasn't really a fan of beer.
"Hey." He caught my chin with his fingers, gently encouraging me to look up at him. "Meredith will figure out where you belong."
I felt my cheeks redden at the look in his eyes. I looked away quickly and cleared my throat. "I hope so. I would like to know where I came from."
He didn't speak for a minute. When I looked up again, Roman was extremely close to me. My pulse quickened ? I didn't want to be in this position with him. I didn't want to have to reject him. He moved forward, and I opened my mouth to speak. A loud crash caught both of our attention. 
Roman jumped to his feet. "Goddamn vampire!" he shouted and rushed out of the camper.
I set my beer aside and followed him out. Azrael was standing in the center of a group of men. They were surrounding him, ready to attack. His eyes were blazing ? he was extremely angry. 
Roman stepped forward. "You aren't welcome here."
"You aren't welcome in my home and yet, you are always there," Azrael countered.
"What do you want?" Roman snapped, ignoring Azrael's comment.
Azrael's eyes glittered with anger. "I want Elizabeth to come home. She isn't safe in your half-assed camp."
"We are her people," Roman said firmly.
Azrael laughed. "You couldn't keep her safe the first time ? I doubt you can do it now when there is more of a threat."
Roman bristled as he clenched his fists. I knew I had to step in before they went to blows. "I will go with you, Azrael. I just needed to get away for a little while." I pushed my way through the gathering crowd and hurried to his side.
"You could stay here, Ellie. You don't have to leave with him," Roman protested.
I smiled, trying to reassure him. "It's better if I just go with him. I will see you tomorrow night." 
His eyes shifted to Azrael, then back to me. "I will be around if you need me."
I nodded and smiled. Azrael snatched my hand and pulled me close to him. There was a sudden rush and the world went out of focus. I opened my eyes and I was standing in the library. I was alone ? Azrael was gone. I looked around confused. My heart started to pound when I saw a silver high heel on the floor not far from me. I recognized the shoe ? it was Zoey's shoe. I rushed toward the shoe. I looked around the side of the bookshelf the shoes were lying near, and Zoey was lying on the ground ? in a puddle of blood. 
"Zoey!" I cried panicked. I ran to her, but like all my other visions she only got further away. I swallowed my tears and closed my eyes trying to focus. 
I opened my eyes, and Azrael was gripping my shoulders. He looked worried, and he was saying something. Blood was pounding in my ears ? I couldn't make out what he was saying. We were in the garden ? I had to get to the library. I pulled out of his grasp and ran for the library. I could hear Azrael close on my heels, but he didn't make an attempt to stop me.
The library door came into view. My heart wrenched when I saw it was slightly ajar ? it was never left open. No one went into the library other than Azrael and me as far as I knew. I rushed through the door. The silver high heel came into view. I felt the blood drain from my face and time seemed to slow. I walked quickly around the side of the bookshelf, and Zoey was lying there like I saw in my vision. I ran to her side, crying out as I collapsed next to her. Blood soaked the knees of my jeans. I pulled her up into my arms. She wasn't moving, and I couldn't tell if she was breathing or not ? her throat was torn open.  
I was suddenly being pulled away from her. "No!" I screamed trying to fight whoever it was. I didn't even care to look. I didn't want to let her go.
"Elizabeth, let Adam take her," Azrael whispered as he continued to pull me away.
I reluctantly released her, and Adam knelt next to Zoey. I didn't even realize he was in the room. I was so focused on Zoey that I didn't realize a crowd had gathered. I was covered in Zoey's blood. I was sobbing, and I wanted to scream. I felt like I was going to be sick. 
Adam bit his own wrist and let the blood run down her throat. I watched wondering what he was doing. I was sure she was dead. He moved suddenly, yanking her head to one side. I heard her neck break. I screamed as I lunged at Adam. If she wasn't already dead she was for sure now. Azrael held me tightly. He was speaking quickly, but I was screaming and trying to get at Adam. I didn't hear a word Azrael said. I wanted to kill Adam. 
Marcus moved into my line of vision. He pressed a cloth over my mouth and nose as Azrael kept a tight hold on me. The room started to spin ? he was drugging me. I attempted to struggle, but Azrael had a tight grip on me and the drug was working fast. I collapsed, and Azrael picked me up. He turned and carried me out of the room. Zoey's body remained motionless. I kept my eyes on her until she was out of view. I closed my eyes ? the pain was almost too much to bear. I was relieved when everything slowly faded to black.

I woke up in a dark room. The image of Zoey lying in the puddle of blood came rushing back. The memory of what Adam did, awakened the fury in me. I went to sit up and get out of the bed I was in. I couldn't see a thing, but I wanted out of the room. I was suddenly pinned. I started to struggle. I didn't want to be held down and confined. 
"Elizabeth calm down," Azrael's soothing voice whispered. 
I struggled harder. "No! He killed her, and you let him!" 
"Ellie, she was already dead. Adam gave her his blood and finished her off, so she could turn." His tone was gentle as if he was trying to soften the blow.
I stopped struggling trying to process what he was saying. Terror ripped through me when I realized what he was saying. "What do you mean?" I couldn't see a thing because it was so dark. I could only feel him against me as he held me pinned. 
He sighed. "I mean it was the only way. She is in transition from human to vampire."
I didn't know what to do or say. I never imagined Zoey being a vampire. I thought about what it would be like a couple times, but I didn't focus on it. After a minute or two, he released his grip on my wrists. He went to move off me, but I wrapped my arms around him. He stiffened, caught off guard by my response.
 "Don't go," I begged ? I didn't want to be alone. 
He shifted, so he was lying next to me instead of on top of me. I lay my head on his chest trying to relax. He reached over and turned on a dim lamp. I was in his bedroom. He brushed my hair out of my face as he looked down at me. "Are you alright?" 
I thought I was going to be able to hold it together, but the sound of his voice was too much. Tears rolled down my cheeks, and I stifled a sob in his chest. "She didn't deserve this. What if it was my fault?"
I felt him stiffen. "None of this is your fault. We will find whoever hurt her ? I promise."
I didn't understand why I didn't see it happen before she was hurt like I did with Adam and Meredith. I had no time to do anything. Maybe if I had stayed with Zoey instead of running off, it never would have happened. "I never should have left her," I said in barely a whisper.
He held me tighter. "This was out of your control. If you were there, then you would have been hurt too."
I closed my eyes, clinging to him. I felt like everything was coming apart. I didn't feel safe anymore. I had a feeling all of this was happening because of me. I didn't know why, but I just knew someone was trying to get to me. I had a feeling it was Lucian, but I didn't think he would be stupid enough to come back to Azrael's house. "Maybe I should leave with the gypsies. If I disappear, then maybe they won't keep trying to hurt people I care about."
"You are not leaving," Azrael growled darkly. 
I sat up, pulling away from him. I knew he was trying to protect me, but what if he was next? I couldn't bear the thought of losing him as well. "It would be better for everyone. The gypsies stay off the grid. I could?"
"No!" he said loud enough to startle me a little. 
I looked over at him. The faint glow of the lamp lit his dark features. I could tell he was upset. He didn't want me to leave. The thought that he cared enough to want me to stay gave me some relief. "Azrael, I don't think?" I started, but he cut me off again.
He moved forward and pressed his lips to mine. He kissed me hungrily as he pinned me to the bed. He ran his hands down my sides, then grasped the hem of my tank top. He tugged it over my head, tossing it aside. My body flushed with excitement as his hands touched my bare skin. He undid my jeans, then he slowly slid them down. He tossed them aside, then his lips met mine again.
 I began to undo the buttons on his shirt. A combination of nervousness and excitement made me fumble. I finally managed to get them undone, then I slid his shirt down his arms. I ran my hands over his chest, and a surge of excitement rushed through me. I'd been wanting to touch him like this since the first time he touched me in the library. 
He undid my bra and tossed it aside. He lay kisses over my burning skin as he moved down my body. He hooked my panties and slowly slid them down. I closed my eyes, savoring the feel of his lips on my tingling skin. I gasped when I felt the pinch of his bite in the crease of my thigh. The familiar feeling of euphoria overtook me. 
He released me, and my eyes drifted open. Azrael's dark eyes gazed down at me. I realized he was completely naked. He had his body pressed to mine. His lips met mine as he thrust his hips forward. I cried out in surprise and ecstasy. He was inside me. His lips explored my neck, then he bit me. Incredible feelings overwhelmed me, making me buck against him. I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling of him overtaking me.
Everything I felt seemed like I had felt it before. It was like the vision I had but at the time, I thought it was a dream. I pushed the thought away. I didn't want to think about the visions. I just wanted to be with him. I pressed my lips to his and tangled my fingers in his hair. He groaned low in his throat as his body tightened. He was close to release ? I could feel it. The thought excited me more. An explosion of pleasure rushed over me, and he cried out with me as he let go. 
I relaxed completely as he slumped over me. My body was humming from the euphoria of his touch. I didn't want to ever let him go. I wished the moment could last forever, and we never had to think about anything else that was happening outside the safety of his bedroom.
After a few minutes, he moved, positioning himself alongside me. I closed my eyes as I lay against his chest.  He ran his fingers over my already oversensitive skin, teasing me with his touch. I closed my eyes and breathed in his scent. For the first time since arriving, I was relaxed and safe.
He gently kissed my head. "Are you okay?" 
I smiled. "I'm great," I murmured.
He laughed softly. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"
It was my turn to laugh. "No ? you didn't. I don't think I have ever felt this good."
He continued to run his fingers along my skin ? it was a soothing feeling. I closed my eyes and snuggled closer to him. 
"You are beautiful," he whispered.
I felt my skin flush at his affection. He was being a lot sweeter than I was used too. It made me worry a little, but I pushed the feeling away. I didn't want to ruin the moment by worrying. "You aren't so bad yourself," I teased as I sat up and looked at him. 
He smiled softly, then I leaned in and kissed him. I ran my fingers through his silky hair. I loved his hair and his eyes. I loved everything about him despite his prior determination to keep me away. I could see why girls pined over him. 
A loud, brisk knock on the door caught our attention. He broke the kiss. He looked at the door, appearing slightly annoyed. "What?" he barked. He didn't want the bubble we were in popped any more than I did, but we had to return to reality soon, and we both knew it.
"She is awake," a male voice said from the other side of the door.
"I will be there in a minute." Azrael immediately climbed off the bed.
I watched him as he dressed. I had a feeling the 'she' they were talking about was Zoey. I wanted to go with him, but I wasn't sure how the whole new vampire thing worked. I was human, I would probably just be a liability. "How is she going to be?" I asked hoping he would give me good news.
He looked at me as he buttoned his shirt. "Afraid, hungry, confused ? there are a lot of feelings a new vampire experiences. Imagine every emotion you normally feel being magnified times ten."
I looked away thinking about it. I imagined it would be terrifying. The thought of being a vampire wasn't as appealing as it used to be. They seemed so strong and confident. I was beginning to think it was all a charade. "When will I be able to see her?" 
"Not for a while. She is dangerous to humans. Even though you are her friend, she could still lose control, and I won't take the risk," he said firmly as if he thought I was going to protest.
The truth was, I didn't really want to see her. I was afraid she would be so different we would no longer be friends. She would probably hate me. The longer I could go without facing that reality, the better. "I understand. I promise I won't get in the way."
He smiled faintly, then leaned in and pressed his lips to mine. "I will be back in a little while. Why don't you go get something to eat?"
I nodded and forced a smile. "I will."
He watched me for a second longer like he wanted to say something else, but he didn't. He turned and walked out, leaving me alone. The bubble was broken ? we were back to reality.

I showered and dressed. I walked back into the bedroom and looked at the clock. I had slept through the day, and it was almost midnight. My training with Meredith was supposed to begin tonight. I decided to see if Roman was hanging around anywhere.
I walked downstairs, and I was surprised to find there wasn't a big party going on like usual. I was guessing recent events put a damper on things. Roman was sitting at the bar, and he looked kind of annoyed. I walked over to him and sat down. 
He looked at me then looked away, then took a sip of his drink. "I heard what happened. I figured you would be busy with your friend."
I shook my head sadly. "I think it's better if I stay out of the way."
He nodded as he set his drink on the counter. "Well ? I suppose you are going to start doing what Azrael says." The anger in his tone was evident, and I didn't understand the sudden change. 
I looked at him confused as I got to my feet. "No ? I want to go train. I thought you were here to take me to Meredith."
He watched me for a second. "Fine ? let's go,." He stalked toward the door without waiting for me.
I was even more confused by his sudden coldness. I followed him to the door. I wasn't sure Azrael would approve, but he had to know I planned to go whether he liked it or not. I followed Roman in silence. He cut through the woods instead of going down the road like I did. It was the smarter way to go; we wouldn't be detected as easily going through the woods.
"Did I do something wrong?" I asked after walking the entire way in silence. We were now on the dirt road, and he still hadn't said anything to me.
"Of course not ? you never do anything wrong," he said sarcastically.
I was getting a little annoyed with how he was treating me. I caught up to him and grabbed his arm, forcing him to look at me. "What did I do?" I demanded, standing my ground. I wanted to know why he was being so cruel.
He stared at me for a few minutes. I could see the muscle in his jaw was tense. He was angry with me ? really angry. "Nothing ? we need to go. Meredith is waiting." 
He attempted to pull away, but I wouldn't let him go without a fight. "You are driving me insane. Just tell me what I did," I pleaded.
His scowl deepened, and his eyes changed like they did when he got really mad. "You gave yourself to him." He was speaking through gritted teeth as if he was trying to keep from yelling. 
I looked at him a little startled. "Who told you that?" I was going to be furious if Azrael mentioned it. I didn't think Azrael would ? he seemed like too much of a gentleman. 
"No one has to tell me anything. I'm a werewolf ? I can smell him on you," he snapped, then he walked off toward the camp.
I was slightly embarrassed, but I was more annoyed that he was treating me like I did something wrong by being with Azrael. I liked Roman, but I never even suggested that I was interested in him romantically. I quickly caught up with him. "You aren't being fair, Roman. I never led you to believe I wanted a romantic relationship with you."
He stopped walking and spun around. "It isn't about what you led me to believe. You were supposed to be mine! You were promised to me at birth! We were supposed to unite for our people and now look at you ? you're sleeping with a fucking vampire!"
My mouth fell open in surprise. I couldn't believe what he was saying. He was talking about an arranged marriage ? one I had no clue about in the first place. 
"What is going on?" Meredith demanded as she stepped out of her RV and looked from Roman to me.
Roman glanced at her, then looked at me. "Nothing," he spat, then he stalked off.
I looked at Meredith as she looked me over. "Come inside. I want you to meet some people." She turned and walked back into the RV.
I followed her still confused by Roman's words. There was obviously a lot I wasn't being told. I stepped into the RV determined to find out the truth. I hesitated when I saw the two people standing next to Meredith. I wasn't sure how, but I immediately knew they were my parents.
"Elizabeth, these are your parents," Meredith said watching me.
The woman was crying, and the man smiled. I had her hair and his eyes. The woman continued to watch me as she dabbed her eyes. "We thought you were dead."
I looked at Meredith not sure what to do. "Why didn't you tell me you were bringing them here?" I was trying to keep my tone even, but I was a little upset that she sprang this on me.
"Because I didn't want to risk the chance of Azrael convincing you not to see them. We are your people, Elizabeth. You and Roman were betrothed at birth. He is your destiny not the vampire. It is time for you to take your place among us," Meredith said sharply.
I didn't know what to say or do. My chest was tight, and I felt like I could barely breathe. They wanted me to choose between having my family back and Azrael ? I wasn't sure if I could. The man and woman who claimed to be my parents looked at me expectantly, like they thought the choice would be easy. The problem was ? they had no idea how complicated everything had gotten.
My heart was pounding as I looked at Meredith and my parents. They expected me to just leave with them because they appeared after all these years. It was too much for me to handle. I didn't have the answers they wanted. I couldn't just pick up and leave and live the life they wanted me to. Part of me wished I could, but I knew I couldn't. "I'm sorry ? I can't do this right now ? I have to go." I didn't know what else to say or do, so I turned and hurried out the door. I couldn't face them now ? too much had happened. Azrael and I took our relationship to the next level, and Zoey was now a vampire. I couldn't leave them ? I couldn't leave him.
Meredith hurried out after me. "You will throw your family away for him?" She was angry, which I expected. 
"I'm not throwing anything away. I'm just not making a decision like this right now," I countered. I was hoping to avoid confrontation with her, but she was making it impossible by following me. 
"Elizabeth, there is no future with Azrael. Your future is with Roman and your parents. I know you have had visions of him," she said angrily.
I froze, then turned to look at her. I didn't understand how she would know that. I never told anyone about my vision of Roman and me. "How would you know I had a vision of Roman? I never told anyone about that." 
She straightened like she realized her error. She pressed her lips together haughtily. "I know many things."
I had a feeling she was lying to me. Suddenly, I remembered her saying powerful seers could send other seers' visions. The thought infuriated me. "Did you make me see Roman and I together?" I was furious, but I was trying to remain clam.
"It was the only way to convince you that Azrael was not your future. I knew I was losing you to him, so I intervened. You cannot deny that you have a connection with Roman," she said firmly.
I just stared at her. I didn't know what to say. I couldn't trust anything she said anymore. I wasn't sure if what she said was the truth anymore. I never thought she would try to trick me like that. "I have to go." I turned and continued down the dirt path toward the road.
My hands were balled into fists as I walked. I was furious with Meredith. I was angry that she would lie to force me to do what she wanted. I knew she cared about me, well ? I thought she did. Maybe it had nothing to do with me ? maybe she had some other reason for doing things. 
I stayed closer to the woods, so I wouldn't be seen from the road. I didn't want to run into any more trouble. My thoughts were so scattered ? I didn't know what to do. I always wanted a family ever since I was little. Now, everything was so complicated. I supposedly had a family, but then there was Azrael. What if what I had with Azrael was real, then again ? what if it wasn't? If Meredith could so easily get into my head ? who else could? I shook the thought away ? I didn't want to think like that. I didn't want to believe what I had with Azrael was nothing. I loved Azrael, even if he was difficult at times. 
A rustling sound to my right caught my attention. I froze as I peered into the woods. It was so dark; it was impossible for me to see anything. The feeling of fear rushed through me as I attempted to see in the dark. I was beginning to think I was getting paranoid. I continued walking toward `Azrael's house. I was on high alert ? I felt like I was being watched. I wasn't sure if whoever was watching me was dangerous or not. If they were friendly, then they would announce themselves.  
Azrael's house came into view and small amount of relief came over me. Nothing jumped out at me, so I knew I was just worried because of all that had happened. I really shouldn't have been out on my own, but I didn't have much of a choice. I was planning on training with Meredith, not being blindsided by her attempts at making me marry Roman. 
The house was unusually quiet when I walked through the doors. I was relieved to be out of the dark woods. I peeked out the window to see if anyone was following me ? I still couldn't see anything.
"Is everything ok, Ellie?" Marcus's sudden appearance made me jump. 
I forced a smile as I looked at him. "I'm okay ? just a little jumpy, I guess."
His eyebrows rose slightly as he regarded me with a curious expression. "Where were you?" 
"I went to the gypsy camp with Roman. Meredith was supposed to start my training tonight," I said absently. 
He moved closer to me. "Supposed to? Was there a problem?" 
I glanced at him, then looked back out the window. I was still waiting for whoever I thought was following me to appear, but I had a feeling there was no one there. "I don't think I should go to the gypsy camp anymore. I'm not the person they are hoping I am."
"What? Why? What if they are your family?" The confusion in his tone caught me off guard. 
I hesitated. "Meredith brought my parents here. She is trying to get me to marry Roman and leave Azrael behind. I don't think I can do that." 
Marcus was silent for a minute like he was considering all I had said. "Perhaps it would be better if you left."
My startled eyes darted to his face. I didn't understand why he would say something like that ? unless he wanted me gone. "You don't want me here?" The hurt in my tone was obvious, and I didn't mean to sound that way ? it was just how it came out.
"Of course I do, but I don't want to see you get hurt. You will get hurt here. Maybe with them, you will be safe." He sounded like he was trying to reason with me. 
I was beginning to think he was really trying to convince me to leave. "Marcus, I don't feel like I belong with them. I don't love Roman. I?" I trailed off, unsure of what I was trying to say.
He raised his hand to silence me. "I never said to marry Roman ? I said to go with your people so you will be safe. You have encountered nothing but danger here. Azrael is even a danger to you at this point."
I shook my head defiantly. "Azrael won't hurt me. I know he won't." Part of me knew Marcus was probably right ? I would end up dead if I stayed here, but I couldn't bring myself to leave. 
"He won't hurt you intentionally, but he will hurt you ? he already has. Things beyond your control are happening, and those events are only making things more treacherous for you. Your friend is dead, and you will die just like her," he said firmly.
I took a slow breath, trying to calm down. "She isn't dead ? she's a vampire."
He looked at me sympathetically. "Sometimes that is worse than dead, Elizabeth."
I hated the sympathetic look he was wearing ? it made me angry and scared. I shook my head and stepped away from him. "I'm going to my room. I can't make a decision right now." Before he could protest, I turned and ran up the stairs. I didn't want to talk about leaving anymore. The more I talked about it, the sadder I got. I walked quickly to my room. I kept my head down avoiding the looks from others I passed in the hall. 
Once I was in my room, I shut the door. My shoulders sagged in relief as I leaned against the door and closed my eyes. I slid down to the floor, pulling my knees to my chest. Everything was so complicated. Meredith and Marcus's words were rushing through my mind. There were more people trying to convince me to leave than to stay. 
I opened my eyes, freezing when the scene in front of me was not my room. The room I was in wasn't one I recognized. Lucian walked in the room carrying Christopher. I felt my heart start to pound. I wanted to cry out, but I couldn't ? I couldn't make a sound. 
Azrael suddenly appeared, and Lucian smiled. "I didn't think it would take you long," 
"Give me my son." Azrael's voice was barely a whisper.
Lucian looked down at Christopher sleeping peacefully in his arms. "He is mine now," Lucian said darkly, then he let his eyes drift back to Azrael's face.
"He is not yours! He will never be yours, and neither will she!" Azrael yelled angrily.
Lucian scowled. "She will come for him, and she will do whatever it takes to get him back, and that includes being with me!" Lucian spat.
"You will have to kill me first," Azrael hissed as he squared with Lucian. 
Lucian lay Christopher on the sofa, then straightened as he looked Azrael over. "That can be arranged." Suddenly, Lucian lunged, and they were locked in a battle. 
My gaze shifted to Christopher when I saw him move. He was climbing off the couch. He hurried toward Lucian and Azrael. I wanted to scream to tell him not to go to them, but I couldn't make a sound.
"Daddy!" Christopher cried as he moved closer.
Lucian was closer to Christopher than Azrael. He lunged for him, snatching him up. Azrael froze ? I could see the fear in Azrael's eyes. "Put him down ? I will do anything."
The look on Lucian's face made my gut wrench. I knew he didn't care. He was a monster. In one swift move, he yanked Christopher's head to one side. The sound of Christopher's neck breaking seemed to echo through the room. I screamed in agony. I felt like my heart had been ripped from my chest. I knew it wasn't happening, but it felt so real. 
Lucian dropped Christopher's limp body, and Azrael went to Christopher's side, dropping to his knees. He cradled Christopher in his arms as he cried out in agony. He wasn't even paying any attention to Lucian. Lucian moved behind Azrael, retrieving a stake from inside his coat as he did. I cried out, hoping to warn Azrael, but he couldn't hear me. He was so focused on his dead son that he didn't notice anything else around him. Lucian shoved the stake through Azrael's back, and I screamed. I couldn't move ? I couldn't fight ? all I could do was watch.
"Elizabeth!" Azrael's firm voice filled my head.
I opened my eyes. I was looking up at him. He was holding me by my shoulders. I felt the tears pouring from my eyes. I was back in my room, but the pain of losing Christopher and Azrael was still there. It felt like it happened. I moved to sit up, and Azrael gave me space to let me. I couldn't meet his gaze. My heart was still pounding. I could barely breathe ? my chest was so tight. 
Worry creased Azrael's features. "Elizabeth, you are having a panic attack. Are you alright?" 
I shook my head as I stumbled to my feet. My eyes darted around the room ? nothing seemed real anymore. Everything I saw felt so real. I knew it wasn't happening, but I couldn't change how real it felt. He reached for me, but I pulled away. I couldn't handle him touching me. "Please don't," I whispered. 
He looked at me both hurt and confused. "What is wrong?"
I shook my head. "Nothing ? I just need to be alone, please." I felt bad for hurting his feelings, but I couldn't shake the pain of losing them both. I needed to be alone. I needed to clear my head. I was beginning to think Marcus was right ? there was nothing here for me but pain. It seemed like every vision I had of Christopher turned into something horrible.
He didn't immediately move to leave. "I don't want to leave you like this."
"Please," I pleaded, hoping he wouldn't be difficult. I couldn't even look at him without thinking about what I saw.
"Okay ? I'm going. I will be back to check on you later." I hated that he sounded hurt, but I didn't say anything to stop him. He turned and walked out. I sat down on my bed and closed my eyes. I had a tough decision to make, and I wasn't sure if I was ready to make it.

My mind wouldn't quit racing. I didn't know what to do. I was beginning to realize I couldn't stay here. The only thing I saw in my future was pain. I didn't want to go with the gypsies either. I wasn't sure if I could trust Meredith after what she did. I wasn't even sure I could trust the people who she claimed were my parents. It could've all been a ploy to get me to do what she wanted. She probably figured if I thought my parents were alive, I would just join the gypsies and walk away Azrael.
Thinking about everything was driving me insane. The first light of dawn started to peek through the window. I was restless, so I got out of bed. I knew everyone would be settling in for the day, so it would be the perfect time for me to get out of the confines of my room. Azrael never came back to check on me. Part of me was relieved, but another part of me was disappointed. I knew he had more important things to worry about ? like Lucian and Zoey.
I walked downstairs, glad that I didn't encountered anyone. I didn't think I would, being that everyone was a vampire. As I reached the bottom of the stairs, Adam walked into the foyer. He hesitated when he saw me. He had a bag slung over his shoulder like he was planning on leaving. 
He glanced around. "What are you doing up?" 
I shrugged. "I couldn't sleep. What are you doing up? I thought vampires slept during the day."
He smiled slightly. "They do, which means Marcus and Azrael are asleep ? which means it is the perfect time for me to make my escape." He turned to leave via the front door.
"Wait, where are you going?" I was curious more than anything. I didn't know why I was even considering it, but I was thinking about asking him to take me with him. I couldn't stay here with Azrael as much as I wanted to, and the gypsies weren't much of a better option.
He looked at me like he didn't really want to tell me. "Look, I run every once in a while ? when things get too much. I would tell you where I was going, but I really don't want Azrael and Marcus finding out. I just need to get away."
"Take me with you," I said quickly before I could think about it. I just wanted to run. I wanted the visions of Christopher to stop. Maybe if I got away from Azrael they would.
Adam looked a little startled by my request. He looked around again like he wasn't sure if he heard me right. "You want to come with me?"
I nodded as I continued down the stairs. "I need to get out of here, and I don't trust the gypsies. I won't get in the way." I knew I sounded like I was begging, but I didn't care. I was beginning to think running was my only option. I trusted Adam as much as I did Marcus. I knew he wouldn't hurt me.
His eyes danced with amusement. "Azrael will never stop looking for you. Do you really think you can just disappear?"
"I think I need to disappear. I can't stay here, and I don't trust Meredith and the gypsies. Please, I won't be any trouble." I was silently hoping he would agree.
He sighed heavily. "Fine, go pack ? but make it quick. I want to be long gone my nightfall," he said firmly.
I smiled as I hurried back up the stairs. I was careful to remain quiet. This was the best idea I had. Hanging out with Adam wouldn't be too bad. He had the money to take care of us. Maybe I would settle down somewhere and find a job ? maybe build my own life and forget about all the seer nonsense.
I quickly packed my clothes. I didn't want to take more than I needed. Once I was done packing, I went to leave. I reached for the door handle but hesitated. I couldn't just leave without letting them know I was okay. I didn't want Azrael or Marcus thinking I was hurt in any way. I hurried to the side table and pulled out a note pad. I quickly wrote Azrael a note telling him that I would miss him. I figured there was no pint in trying to explain why I was running. I highly doubted he would understand. Maybe once I was gone, things would go back to normal for him. I hurried back downstairs. 
Adam was waiting impatiently at the door. "It's about time," he muttered as he opened the door and slipped out. 
I smiled as I followed him to his car. I was a little hesitant about leaving. I knew Azrael would be upset but if he could see what I did, he would do all he could to prevent it from happening. The only way I knew how to prevent it was to run ? that was exactly what I was going to do.

I fell asleep after only about an hour in the car. I thought it would be a lot harder since I felt terrible about just leaving. I knew they would worry about me, but I couldn't stay. I couldn't bear the thought if what I saw came true. The only way I knew how to change anything was to leave. If I wasn't near Azrael, then none of it could happen. Christopher couldn't be born, so he couldn't be killed by Lucian.
I felt the car come to a stop, and I opened my eyes. We were at a very large hotel. It looked expensive, and we were in a huge city. "Come on, Ellie ? this is our destination for now." Adam flashed me a brilliant smile as he climbed out of the car. He handed his key to the valet as I climbed out.
I followed him into the huge entrance. "I figured you would have a house or something," 
"Nope ? I bounce from city to city living in hotels. It's easier and much harder for people to find me." He smiled at the young receptionist, and she blushed, immediately taken with him. "Joseph Adams."
"Of course." She was blushing as she pressed computer keys looking for his reservation. I fought the urge to roll my eyes. I thought the vampires were good looking, but I didn't fall all over myself like other girls seemed to do. 
She finally handed him the key cards. He winked at her and walked toward the elevator. I followed, wondering how often Adam did this. He seemed like he was completely at ease. He knew where he was going like he had been here many times before.
He smiled slightly as he offered me a key card. "We will have our own rooms, so we can have our privacy."
I knew Adam was a player, so I was sure he would have company. "That's good," I said trying to sound cheerful. I was kind of sad that I went from being in Azrael's arms to an empty hotel room, but I knew I couldn't stay with him ? I just had to keep reminding myself.
Adam nudged me gently. "It will get easier with time. As a human, you were not safe there. I think Azrael and Marcus knew that even if they didn't want to admit it. This is for the best."
I forced a smile and nodded. "I agree ? it just doesn't feel right."
"Like I said ? it will get easier with time. Go out and enjoy yourself. This is one of my favorite cities," he said happily.
"Where exactly are we?" I didn't even think to ask earlier. I didn't really care as long as I had a place to stay. 
"Boston. It is a great place, lots to do. Lots of pretty girls." He winked and smiled wickedly. 
I laughed, shaking my head as I followed him down the hall. "Well, being that I'm not into girls, I think that is more of a good thing for you."
He grinned as he slid his key card in the door. "I couldn't agree more."
I walked to the door across the hall ? it was my room. I walked in and looked around. The place was really nice. It was nicer than any hotel I had ever stayed at. I sat down on the bed and flipped the TV on. The place was nice, but it didn't feel right. I pushed the feeling aside and attempted to get comfortable.

The knocking on my door was annoying. I didn't really want to get out of bed, but whoever it was wasn't giving me much of a choice. "Just a minute," I muttered as I climbed to my feet. I put a robe on and opened the door.
Adam stood there looking immaculate as always. He pursed his lips as he looked me over. "Get dressed, we are going out."
I rolled my eyes. "I don't want to go out."
"You have been in here for two days. You are going out with me. Now get dressed or I will dress you. Either way, you better be down in the hotel bar in an hour," he said firmly, then he walked away.
I sighed as I shut the door. It had been two days, and I still didn't feel like doing anything but staying in and pining over Azrael. I was doing a good job at it until Adam had to come and ruin it. I walked to the bathroom deciding to humor him. I could use a change of scenery anyway. 

I stood in front of the mirror trying to decide if the dress I was wearing was too much. It was black, but it was kind of low cut and short. I wasn't even sure how it got in my things. It was the only dress I packed, and I was pretty sure it was Zoey's. I sighed, deciding I didn't have any more time to fret over it. I put some high heel boots on and messed with my hair one last time. I looked pretty good.
I walked to the elevator and hit the button for the main floor. I kept adjusting the dress. I didn't wear dresses like this as a rule, but I was feeling brave for some reason. I walked into the hotel bar section, and of course Adam was surrounded by women. He looked up and smiled at me. He excused himself from his admirers, and they made disappointed noises.
I bit back a smile. "Do you always draw a crowd?" 
He returned my smile as he offered his arm. "I try to as much as possible. It makes me feel as if something is off when I don't."
I rolled my eyes and placed my hand on his arm. "So where are we going?" 
He led me out of the hotel and onto the busy sidewalk. "Well ? I thought we could go to the opera. Have you ever been?" 
I laughed slightly amused. I was an orphan from a very small town. I never had the money or the ability to go to anything like an opera. "Of course not ? I was an orphan before I met you and your brothers. I never went anywhere or did anything."
He watched me for a second. "I hate that you are so sad. Are you sure you don't want to go back to Azrael? It may be dangerous, but sometimes love is worth the danger."
I thought it was amusing that he had anything to say about love. He didn't seem like the type to know anything about it. "Unfortunately, love isn't the reason I left. I'm not afraid to love Azrael."
He frowned, obviously confused. "Then what are you afraid of?"
I looked at him briefly, then looked away. "I'm afraid of losing him."
Adam froze. "You saw him die? Why didn't you say anything or do something to stop it?" The panic in his voice was evident.
"He isn't going to die ? at least not because of me as long as I stay away." I was trying to ease his fear. He had to know I would've never left if I knew Azrael was in danger.
He looked even more confused now. We were standing on the sidewalk, and he was looking at me like I had lost it. "You think you are preventing something by running, don't you?" 
I nodded. "The future I see Azrael and I having isn't a good one. So ? if I'm no longer in his future, then it won't happen. He will find someone else ? someone who doesn't bring him pain."
"Or something worse will happen. You don't even know if what you see is real. What if it is what is supposed to happen? What if there is no stopping it?" He asked as he moved closer to the wall. 
I moved over by him, so I was out of the way. "I can stop it by staying away. There is nothing worse than what I saw." I felt the tears just below the surface. I swallowed hard trying to shake the feeling. "You said something about the opera," I said, changing the subject.
He nodded and offered his arm. I was glad he wasn't going to push me. He had to know I wouldn't have left Azrael's side unless I had no choice. 

The opera was interesting. It was in Italian, so I didn't understand a word of it, but Adam gave me a basic idea of what was happening. It was definitely something worth seeing at least once. I wasn't entirely sure I would ever want to go again.
On our way back toward the hotel, he detoured and pulled me into a bar. He smiled when I looked at him confused. "They have excellent scotch here." His mood had gone slightly somber since our discussion on the sidewalk. He ordered us both drinks. The women in the bar already had their eyes on him. They were all waiting for the invitation to approach. It couldn't have been all bad being a vampire ? he could have whoever he wanted.
"I suppose it never gets lonely as a vampire," I said absently.
He watched me like he was considering what to say. "That isn't entirely true. Just because I constantly have women around me, doesn't mean they are people I confide in."
I sighed as I spun my glass. "I suppose you're right, but at least you aren't alone."
"You aren't alone, Elizabeth," he said softly.
I laughed harshly. "No, I'm just insane. I'm not sure which is worse," I muttered.
He smiled his usual charming smiled. "You are neither alone nor insane. You are just young, and you are doing what you think is right. I'm curious as to why you didn't go with the gypsies. I thought they found your parents."
I scowled. "They claimed to, then again, I'm not sure if it was all a lie to keep me away from Azrael or not. Meredith actually sent me a vision of Roman, so I would think I was supposed to marry him." The thought still angered me. I was hoping they had moved on since I was gone.
Adam laughed. "She was a determined old bird."
I smiled as I continued to play with my glass. He was right ? she was determined ? I just wasn't sure why. "I wish I knew why she was so determined."
He shrugged. "She may just hate vampires. She didn't want you associating with us. That is how most of the gypsies are."
I nodded. "I guess you're right." 
A woman came over and struck up a conversation with Adam. I was wondering when it would happen. I figured one of them would get brave enough eventually. I looked across the bar, and my gaze locked with a man sitting across from us. He was older, maybe in his thirties. His hair was black, and it fell around his shoulders. He had stubble on his face like he hadn't shaved recently. I didn't realize he was watching me until I looked up. His eyes suddenly glowed like Roman's did. I knew immediately that he was a werewolf. He quickly looked away and tossed money on the bar. He got up and disappeared into the shadows of the bar.
"Who are you looking at?" Adam asked looking in the same direction I was. The girl he was talking to was back at her table with her friends. 
"Um ? I'm not sure. It was a werewolf. He was watching me, but he left as soon as I noticed him." I was trying to see through the shadows of the dark bar. I doubted he was even in the room anymore.
"How do you know it was a werewolf?" Adam appeared confused as he looked around.
I looked at him. "Their eyes do this thing ? they like glow or something."
He raised his eyebrows. "They don't do that unless they want you to know what they are. Maybe we should get back to the hotel." He sounded even more hesitant as he scanned the room again. 
I nodded and stood. Adam placed his hand on the small of my back and led me toward the exit. He seemed like he was on guard now. The guy didn't seem to pose a threat. I wasn't entirely sure why he would want me to know what he was.
As we walked back toward the hotel, Adam's eyes seemed to dart around. I wasn't entirely sure the guy was watching me. It could've been a coincidence that he was there. I decided to offer the possibility to Adam. "I really don't think he is a threat." 
"I don't think I want to find out if he is or not." He had gone from fun and smiling like usual, to uptight and protective. He reminded me a little of Azrael, and it made my chest ache a little.
I decided not to argue. If he was as stubborn as Azrael, I knew it would be pointless. It wasn't long before we were back at the hotel. He led me to the elevator. "I'm going to check your room before you go in."
I smiled. "Do you really think someone is watching me? How would they have found us?" 
He looked at me and pursed his lips. "In case you haven't noticed, you attract attention. I don't see anything wrong with being on the cautious side." He stepped out of the elevator, then held his hand out. I gave him the key card and waited patiently while he went inside and checked the room. I was going to let him do whatever he wanted if it made him feel better.
He reappeared after just a few minutes. "Everything is clear. Don't let anyone but me in. If you want or need something, let me know and I will get it."
I nodded. "I'm sure I'll be fine."
He watched me for a second, then he nodded. "I will see you in a little while. Get some sleep."
He left me alone, and I went inside the room and changed. I was a little disappointed that he cut the night short. I kind of liked being out. Now that I was back in my room alone, all I could think about was Azrael.

I woke up to knocking on my door. It seemed to be Adam's thing ? he was always knocking on my door when I was asleep. I sighed and climbed out of bed. I walked to the door and opened it. "Pack your things ? we are moving on."
I looked at him confused. "Already?" 
"There are several werewolves watching the hotel, so yes ? already. There is something going on, and I don't like it." His tone suggested he was on edge.  
I decided not to argue with him. "Okay, I will be ready. Just give me an hour."
He nodded, then he turned and disappeared back into his room. 
I quickly showered and dressed. I laid my suitcase on the bed, so I could start packing. I didn't understand why werewolves would be watching me, unless they were associated with gypsies. Roman and Manny were both werewolves living among the gypsies, so it made sense. 
I turned as the door opened. I was guessing Adam was in a hurry if he wasn't even knocking. I froze when the werewolf I saw at the bar walked in the room. He looked at me cautiously, then he looked around. His eyes landed back on me. "I'm not here to hurt you. You need to come with me."
I wasn't sure what to do or say. I considered yelling for Adam, but I wasn't sure if he would hear me. 
"Your friend is incapacitated at the moment. If you come with me, I won't have to hurt him." There was more of a threat behind his voice.
"I don't even know who you are. What do you want with me?" I asked trying to sound brave. 
"I want you to come with me." He was obviously unwilling to explain.
"You are gonna have to tell me more than that." I was trying to stall long enough to come up with a plan as I distracted him by talking. There were no weapons in the room except for the lamp. I highly doubted it would even faze a werewolf.
He sighed impatiently. "You can't get away from me. Just come with me and everything will be explained."
"I want to know what you did with Adam." I was trying to keep the fear out of my voice.
His eyes narrowed slightly like he didn't want to explain. "He is in his room, in his bed. He will wake up with a headache, and that is about it."
I could tell he wasn't lying ? or he was really good at lying. I wasn't entirely sure which it was. I didn't really have a choice but to go with him. I wasn't going to defeat a werewolf. I moved toward him deciding it was my only option. Once I made it through the door, he grabbed my arm and pulled me close to him. He slipped his arm around my waist, so he could hold me securely. I immediately stiffened at the closeness.
"I'm not trying to make a move. I just can't risk you running in front of everyone." The amusement in his tone was obvious ? he thought it was funny. 
I rolled my eyes. "I don't see the point trying to escape a werewolf."
He growled low in his throat. "I'm a werecat," he muttered, sounding offended.
I was caught off guard. "Oh ? okay." It seemed like I was always running into something new that I didn't know existed. He took the stairs instead of the elevator. It was a little hard to keep up with him. "Could you slow down?" I felt like I was going to trip and fall on my face.
"You could speed up," he countered. "You obviously have no idea what is waiting for you outside." He opened the door to the parking garage. He was walking so quickly that he was basically dragging me.
"You're right ? I don't. Who the hell are you?" I asked again as he led me over to a motorcycle. It was a nice Harley or something like one.
"I'm the one who is going to keep you alive." He straddled the motorcycle as he spoke. "Get on," he ordered.
I didn't really want to go with him. He didn't make an attempt to hurt me ? at least not yet, but I still didn't trust him. He claimed there was worse waiting for me. I didn't know if I should believe him or not. I sighed as I climbed on behind him. 
"Hold on," he ordered, then he pulled me against him and wrapped my arms around his waist. 
He started the motorcycle and set off. It was my first-time riding on the back of a motorcycle, so I was clinging to him. I was scared to death that I would fall off. Once we were clear of the parking garage, he gunned it. I felt my belly do a flip flop, and I buried my face in his back. I was scared to death. He was going fast, and he was weaving in and out of traffic. He finally slowed once we were clear of the city. 
"Where the hell are you taking me?" I asked over the roar of the motorcycle's engine.
"Somewhere safe," he said as he turned off the main road. 
I wanted to ask him more questions, but I felt like an idiot shouting over the motorcycle. I was worried about Adam, but he claimed Adam was okay. I wasn't sure if I could trust him. As it stood, I didn't really have a choice. 
He pulled off onto a gravel road. He drove a little way down to a lake. He pulled up to a log cabin and shut the bike off. I released him and hopped off the motorcycle. I was glad I was off the thing. I looked around trying to decide what to do next. It was very secluded ? I wasn't sure if I liked it.
"Come on." He walked to the cabin, unlocked the door, and walked inside. 
I followed him in looking around. The cabin was pretty plain. The furniture looked hand carved. There was at least electricity. I looked at him trying to decide if I'd lost my mind for going with him. "Are you going to tell me who you are?"
"My name is Hayden. I'm only trying to protect you. The werewolves that were watching you are not good people." He selected two glasses as he spoke and poured us each a drink.
I watched him a little confused. "How do you even know who I am?" 
He shrugged. "I have visions like you. I knew you were in danger when I saw you at the bar last night."
"You have visions?" I was trying not to sound too excited. I wondered how much control he had, and if he could teach me anything.
He nodded as he offered me a drink. "I'm a seer like you. I try to keep it to myself though."
I took the drink he offered, and he walked over and sat down at the table. "What did you see that made you come after me?"
"I saw you die." He spoke almost like it was no big deal ? almost like he was telling me the weather forecast for the next week. 
"Well that's terrible," I said dryly.
He smiled like I was amusing. "That is why I saved you. It is odd that a seer keeps company with vampires."
I wasn't sure if it was a comment or a question. Either way, I felt the need to defend myself. "I only found out I was a seer because of them."
His eyebrows shot up in surprise. "Is that a good thing?"
I never really thought about it like that. If I hadn't found out what I was, maybe I would be normal. My normal kind of sucked, so in a way ? I was glad I met them. "It was a good thing. I mean now I don't have much to look forward to ?" I trailed off thinking about Azrael. I missed him so much. It had been almost a week since I last saw him. 
He was watching me intently, unsettling me a little. "The vampire, Azrael ? why are you running from him?"
I was a little startled and irritated by his question. "Can you read my mind?"
"No, why?" He was acting like I was asking a stupid question.
I narrowed my eyes at him, trying to decide whether I believed him or not. "How do you know about Azrael?"
"Visions ? he is in them with you. Well, he is in most of them," he said absently.
I swallowed hard and sat down. I thought by leaving I would be protecting Azrael. If he was in visions with me, that meant he was part of my future. I really hoped to keep him in the past ? he was safe there.
He continued to watch me carefully. "I suppose you love him ? that's why I don't understand why you are running."
I sighed, feeling a little defeated. "I'm running to protect him. What I see in my visions doesn't end well for him. I thought if I stayed away, I would be able to protect him."
"You obviously haven't learned that not everything you see has to happen. I mean visions of things that have happened in the past you can't change, but that doesn't mean visions of the future actually have to occur." He made it sound like it was simple logic. 
"So just because I see something happen, it doesn't make it true?" I was a little more interested in what he was saying all of the sudden. He obviously knew more than I did, and if he was interested in sharing, then I would find out all I could.
"Of course not. The events may occur, but you can stop them or change them." He smiled. "That is the great thing about being a seer. We can save the people we love from harm."
Since he was being somewhat open with me, I decided to gather more information. "Who is after me, and why are they after me?" 
He waved his hand. "It's nothing to worry about now ? maybe later on I will tell you. Besides, Azrael will be here soon, and he isn't happy." He was still smiling like he thought the whole thing was funny. 
Before I could speak, the door burst open startling me. I stood as Azrael came through the door. His eyes fell on me and his expression softened slightly. "Elizabeth." The relief in his voice was evident. 
"See ? I told you," Hayden said dryly, then he turned his attention to Azrael. "You are going to pay for my door." He hadn't even moved from his seat. He was expecting everything that happened. 
Azrael's eyes shifted to Hayden. "Who the hell are you?"
"I saved your girlfriend," Hayden said haughtily. "I think you should be a little more polite."
Azrael looked at me confused. "I don't know what is going on," I said tiredly. "Is Adam okay?" I was more worried about him than anything at the moment. 
Azrael's eyes narrowed. "He is fine ? he called me thinking you were in danger." 
"She was, but I got her out of it," Hayden said smugly.
"How do you know him, Elizabeth?" Azrael was starting to lose his patience.
I shifted my gaze from Hayden to Azrael, but Azrael's eyes were locked on Hayden. "I just met him. He said I was being watched and that I needed to go with him, so I did. Then he said you would be here, and here you are. I really don't think he is trying to hurt anyone."
Azrael's eyes shifted back to me. "We need to talk." He abruptly turned and walked out as if he expected me to follow.
I sighed as followed him out onto the porch. "I know you're mad?" I started, but he cut me off.
"Mad doesn't even begin to describe what I am feeling. You left without a word, other than a note," he hissed. 
"I was trying to protect you. I thought you would be safer if I left," I countered matching his tone.
He scoffed. "I don't need you to protect me, but you need me to protect you. You are a human. You are weak and vulnerable. What would have happened if Hayden hadn't found you?"
"I was with Adam. I'm sure I would've been fine," I said haughtily.
Azrael scowled. "Adam can't protect himself very well. Why do you think he can protect you?"
"Fine, if I'm so weak, then why don't you turn me? Maybe then you will be satisfied that I'm safe," I said quietly. 
Azrael's expression darkened. "You don't want to be a vampire, Elizabeth. It's not as glamorous as it seems."
"So what ? I remain a weak human, always having to be protected by someone?" I asked angrily.
Azrael looked like he was considering what I was saying. "Perhaps you are right. If I had turned Charlotte, she would still be with me."
I was a little caught off guard by his sudden affection toward his dead girlfriend. It made me a little jealous that he was still thinking about her like that. If she was here, then there would've been no room for me in his life. He would've chosen her over me, and the thought hurt.
"If you are so bent on her, why are you even pursuing me? You obviously had no idea who she really was. She?" I started but I was suddenly cut off.
"Elizabeth, that is not a good road to go down," Hayden stepped out onto the porch as he spoke. 
I looked at Hayden, trying to decide what to say. I was going to tell Azrael everything about Charlotte's affair with Lucian. I wanted him to know that she wasn't as great as he made her out to be. I shook my head and pressed my lips together as I glared at Azrael. Hayden was right ? it wasn't a good idea.
"What were you going to say?" The suspicion in his tone was clear.
"Nothing ? I think you should go." I walked past Hayden and went back into the house. I didn't want to go anywhere with Azrael. I knew he loved Charlotte, but wishing she was here over me was too much for me to handle.
After a few minutes, Hayden walked inside. "He is very persistent." He attempted to adjust the broken door so it would close as he spoke.
"He doesn't love me," I muttered as I stared off into space.
Hayden scoffed. "He loves you more than you know. He just hasn't figured it out yet. He is so guarded and worried he is making the same mistakes all over again."
"Maybe he is." I stared at my hands, which were neatly folded in my lap. Maybe I was just another heartache for him. I would never cheat on him like Charlotte did, but that didn't mean I was good for him.
Hayden sighed as he sat down on the couch nearby. "Maybe you are too hard on him. Maybe you should have never run. There are so many maybes, but you can't focus on those. You are letting the maybes drive you crazy. I have seen seers go crazy because they believe in everything they see. Our gift just gives us a glimpse of what could happen. It doesn't really mean that is the future. It is more like a warning that you can prepare for."
"How do I figure out what is real and what isn't? How do I control it, so I don't go crazy?" I sounded more like I was pleading than asking. Maybe I was. I knew what he meant ? I could feel myself losing it. I was paranoid and worried. I didn't know what was real and what was fake.
He smiled slightly. "I can teach you how to control it, but I suggest we go back to Azrael's compound. It is the safest place for you at this point."
I scowled as I stood. "Did he put you up to this?" 
His smile widened. "No, I know my limitations. I'm only one werecat. I can't protect you from who is after you."
"Who is after me?" I demanded.
"The question should be ? who isn't? We will worry about that later. We should get going." He stood and walked toward the door.
I rolled my eyes as I followed him back out to his bike. I had a feeling going back to Azrael's wasn't all his idea, but I couldn't do much but cooperate. I needed all the help I could get, and he claimed he could help me.

Hayden drove a little way down the road. I was hoping we weren't going to make the entire ride on the motorcycle. I knew it was a couple hours, and I really wasn't looking forward to it. He suddenly turned off into a rest stop. Adam's car was parked away from the others. Hayden pulled up next to the car, and I climbed off the bike.
Azrael and Adam got out of the car. Azrael looked at Hayden. "Are you going to follow?" 
Hayden nodded. "I figured she didn't want to ride the whole way on the bike." 
"I didn't." I made sure my annoyance was clear as I walked to back door. I slid into the backseat while they discussed plans. I was in a bad mood, and I couldn't shake it. I didn't feel like discussing anything with them.

Azrael drove in silence over the next two hours. Adam sat there stoically. I had a feeling Adam was in trouble with Azrael. I could see how Azrael might take offense to the fact that Adam allowed me to go with him. It wasn't really Adam's fault. I would have found a way to leave either way. I thought I was doing the right thing.
Azrael glanced at me through the mirror. "Do we need to stop, Elizabeth?" It was the first time he had spoken to me since we got in the car. I didn't care, it wasn't like I was talking to him.
I did have to use the bathroom. Vampires didn't use the bathroom, so it wasn't something they worried about. "Yeah ? sure," I muttered. 
He pulled off into a truck stop. It wasn't an ideal place, but it was the only place for miles. I wasn't about to hold it any longer than I had to. 
"Do you want one of us to go in with you?" Azrael asked as I opened the door to step out.
I scowled slightly. "No, I'm a big girl. I can use the bathroom on my own."
I could see Adam stifle a smile as Azrael's expression darkened. "Don't be too long."
I rolled my eyes and climbed out of the car. I walked into the small diner. I attracted more attention than I liked. I kept my head down and hurried toward the back hall that had a neon sign for the restrooms over the doorway. The girl's restroom was empty, which was a relief. It seemed like the diner was full of men. The only women I saw were the waitresses. 
I walked to the sink to wash my hands. I wanted to get out of the place as soon as I could. I knew if I took too long, Azrael would come in looking for me. I stepped out of the bathroom and walked back toward the exit. I kept my head down like I had when I came in.
I was suddenly jerked backwards when someone caught my arm. I looked up at a man I didn't recognize. "What do you want?" I demanded as I attempted to pull away.
He was leering at me. "Don't be like that. I'm just having some fun."
"Jimmy, leave the poor girl alone," one of the waitresses said like it was something he did often.
I stuck my chin out defiantly. "My boyfriend is waiting for me. He will come in, if I don't go back out." 
"I don't think you got a boyfriend. I think your lying." He squeezed my arm tighter. It was extremely irritating considering I had no idea who he was. His friends were laughing and cheering like it was funny.
I jerked my arm out his grasp and shoved him backwards. I ran for the door. He caught me by the sleeve of my hoodie as I made it through the door. I slipped out of my hoodie, attempting to get out of his grasp. It didn't work as well as I hoped. He knocked me backwards. I cried out for Azrael as I fell. My head hit the ground and a searing pain shot through my head. Everything went black almost instantly.

I woke up slowly. I blinked a couple times, realizing I was looking up at the roof of Adam's car. I was lying across the backseat. 
"What do you think they wanted?" Adam's quiet voice was the first thing I heard.
"I'm not sure. I thought it would be better if we didn't stick around to ask questions." Azrael's annoyance at the situation was obvious. 
"Jeez ? you don't have to be so harsh," Adam mumbled. He sounded like a little kid who was just told off.
Azrael made an annoyed noise. "She gets into too much trouble. It's really starting to worry me. She is so stubborn, and I don't feel like I can keep her safe. Maybe I should change her like she suggested."
"You know you don't want that. What about just bonding with her? I mean really bonding with her like you did with Charlotte," Adam suggested.
"I'm not ready for that," Azrael said quietly. "It will make everything harder. I'm not ready to feel that way for Elizabeth."
His words hurt a little. He was holding back like I always thought. I never heard him say it until now. I moved around, so they would think I was waking up. I sat up slowly. The inside of the car started to spin, and I put my head in my hands. 
Adam turned in his seat and looked me over. "Are you okay?" 
My stomach jolted, and I knew I was going to be sick. "Pull over ? I'm going to be sick."
The car stopped, and I opened the door just in time. I vomited as everything continued to spin. 
Azrael opened the opposite door and climbed in the backseat. "Elizabeth, what hurts?" 
"My head, everything is spinning," I whispered. The pain was almost too much to take. It hurt to open my eyes. 
Azrael pulled me into his lap. "Did you hit your head?" The concern in his voice was evident.
I nodded, then winced, immediately regretting the motion. "When I fell ? that's what knocked me out."
"Adam drive. I'm going to give her blood," Azrael ordered.
Adam nodded and climbed out. He walked to the other side, climbed back in, and set off. Azrael bit his wrist and pressed it to my lips. His cool, sweet blood filled my mouth. I liked how he tasted. 
"That's enough, love." He pulled his wrist away. He brushed my hair out of my face as I closed my eyes. His fingers on my cheek relaxed me. I felt safe lying there in his arms. I felt like I belonged in his arms. My only fear was that he didn't feel the same way for me.

I woke up in my bed. I stretched, relishing in the feeling. I remembered how good it felt in Azrael's arms. I sat up and looked around the room. I was alone. It was a little disappointing, but I was beginning to think Azrael didn't feel for me like I thought he did. He was at least trying his hardest not to show it. I climbed out of bed and walked to the window. The sun was setting. I wondered how long we had been back. I didn't remember anything after taking Azrael's blood. 
I showered and dressed. I decided to wear a pretty, pink dress, instead of my usual jeans and tee shirt. I was debating going to the kitchen. I was hungry, but I wasn't really ready to see Azrael. I knew he was keeping me at arms-length, and it hurt. I wanted to be close to him. He was the only man I ever loved. It was hard to accept that I wasn't the only woman he loved. 
I slipped out of my room and walked towards the back passageway. My thoughts wandered to Zoey. I wondered how she was doing. I hoped she was taking the change well. I wondered if she hated me. I could only hope she didn't. All the thoughts were plaguing me.
I walked into the kitchen and Marcus looked up a little startled. He was trying to open a bottle of wine, but he abruptly set it down when I walked in. "You're awake."
I smiled confused. "Of course I'm awake."
"What is the last thing you remember?" He walked around the counter. His demeanor was off. It was like he couldn't believe I was standing in front of him.
"I was in the car with Azrael and Adam. I hit my head when some idiot at a place we stopped knocked me down. Why what is going on?" He was making me worry a little.
"Elizabeth, you have been in a coma for almost a month. We didn't think you were going to wake up. We have had every witch and gypsy look at you. No one could wake you up. Azrael is beside himself. Have you seen him yet?" Marcus was talking so fast it was hard for me to process everything he was saying. 
I watched him confused. "A month ? I thought I just went to sleep. I remember everything like it was yesterday."
The door to the kitchen opened abruptly. "Where are you with the ?" Adam's voice trailed off as he looked at me. "Oh boy, I take it Azrael doesn't know because he was just out there looking as pissed off as ever."
I held Adam's gaze. "I didn't know I was asleep for so long. What is wrong with me?"
"We don't know, but it is obvious you are better now. Here sit down. I will make you something to eat. I'm sure you're hungry." Marcus ushered me to a stool as he spoke. "Adam, go get Azrael. Don't tell him what is going on ? just tell him I need to see him."
Adam nodded and hurried back out into the main room. Marcus opened the fridge and started selecting things to feed me. I was still confused. I didn't understand how so much time passed without me even realizing it.
The door opened again, and Azrael walked in. He looked like he was about to start complaining, but he froze when he saw me. "Elizabeth." His voice was barely a whisper. 
"I didn't realize I was out for so long." I wasn't sure what else to say. There was an awkwardness between us ? at least I thought there was.
He rushed over to me and embraced me tightly. "I was worried sick."
I buried my face in his chest. The scent of his cologne made my body react. I felt myself relax into his arms. I loved how it felt when he held me. He could've done anything he wanted, and I wouldn't have cared. He pulled back and looked down at me. His expression was intense and hard to read like always. "Do you feel alright? Does anything hurt?"
I shook my head. "I'm completely fine."
Hayden walked in wearing a smile. "See ? I told you she would wake up."
"You could have said when," Azrael countered impatiently.
"I don't know everything." Hayden managed to sound like he was slightly offended.
"You sure do act like it," Adam said dryly. 
Hayden shot him a look but before he could respond, Azrael spoke. "I want you to consider letting me change you like we discussed." Azrael pressed his forehead to mine and lowered his voice significantly. "I cannot go through this again."
"Sorry, but that option is no longer in the cards," Hayden cut in.
Azrael scowled at him. "It is none of your business. This is between Elizabeth and I. if she wants to be a vampire ? she can be."
"No ? she can't be. Not everything can be your way. There are other factors now," Hayden said matter of factly. 
"What other factors? I think it is a good idea." Marcus immediately took Azrael's side.
"I'd rather not say, but they are important ones." Hayden remained completely calm despite the glaring looks he was receiving from the others.
Azrael took a threatening step toward Hayden. "You're starting to piss me off."
I grabbed Azrael's hand, keeping him from advancing on Hayden. I didn't know what Hayden's reasoning was, but I had my own. "I don't want to be a vampire."
Azrael looked a little hurt. He thought I would just go along with everything, but I couldn't. "Why not? You don't want to be with me forever?"
I looked at him confused. One minute, he was talking about being together forever ? the next he would say how much he loved Charlotte and that he couldn't let me in. He was so confusing. I knew I didn't want to make any decisions because he claimed to love me. "It's not that ? I just know it isn't what I want. I know you want to protect me, but I don't want to be protected like that."
Worry flashed in his eyes. "It is the only way I can protect you, Elizabeth. Think about what you are saying. What has changed your mind so much?" 
I shook my head and looked down ? I couldn't meet his gaze. I didn't know what changed my mind. Maybe my feeling had changed. I didn't think that was it because I knew I still loved him, but I wasn't entirely sure. "Maybe someday ? but not now." Slowly, I met his gaze.
"Elizabeth ?" Azrael started to argue.
Hayden quickly cut him off. "It's her choice."
Azrael glared at him. "This is none of your concern."
"Hayden, Adam ? let's go back out and check on our guest and let them talk in private," Marcus suggested as he moved toward the door.
Adam and Hayden reluctantly followed. I wasn't really excited about being alone with Azrael. I didn't want him to convince me to change my mind.
Azrael cupped my face, looking into my eyes. "I know becoming a vampire is a scary thing to consider, but there is too much of a risk out there for you to stay human."
"I don't want to change who I am. I'm not Charlotte, Azrael. I can never be her. You can't keep me safe from everything ? just like you couldn't keep her safe. Unexpected things happen, and we lose people we love. Doing things simply to protect me isn't going to help. If anything, it will make everything so much more complicated." I didn't want to hurt his feelings, but I knew what he was doing. He was trying to do things with me that he thought he should've done differently with Charlotte. He was bent on the idea that her death was his fault, but it wasn't.
He stepped away from me like I slapped him. His expression went blank like it did when he was upset or angry. "Despite what you think, or what Hayden has said ? I can protect you, and I will. I will do whatever it takes to keep you alive, Elizabeth ? and that includes going against your wishes if I see fit."
Before I could protest, he was gone. I sighed and sat back down at the counter. I looked over at the assortment of food. To be honest, nothing looked appealing. I decided against eating. My mind was racing. I knew Azrael would be angry, but I didn't think he would be as upset as he was.
Marcus peeked his head in the door. "Is everything okay?" 
I smiled nervously. "He's mad, but I think he is always mad at me, so I guess everything is fine."
Marcus smiled as he walked further into the kitchen. "He is just scared. It really sucks when you love someone. You want to do everything to keep them safe. You did the same thing when you left."
"Yeah ? I wasn't exactly planning to be dragged back so soon," I said dryly.
He nodded. "Here ? eat something." He pushed a fruit tray over to me. 
Nothing looked appealing, but I was going to force myself to eat to make Marcus happy. "How is Zoey?" I figured a change of subject was in order.
He smiled. "I think being a vampire suits her. She is loving the attention of course."
I smiled slightly. I could see how she would like how people fawned over her. I knew Zoey would make the perfect vampire. "I'm glad she's doing well. Maybe I'll go see her at some point."
Marcus nodded. "I'm sure she misses you."
I doubted that, but I didn't say it out loud. "I think I'm going to go back upstairs." I got to my feet, ready to leave.
He nodded. "Have a good night, and if you need me ? just find me."
I smiled. "I will ? thanks for everything, Marcus." I left the kitchen and walked back the way I came through the back passages. 
Once I was back upstairs, I walked by the library. I hesitated when I caught the scent of Azrael's cologne. I knew he was in the library, and I wanted to go in there so badly. I wanted to breathe in his scent like I did earlier. I didn't understand why I felt this way, but I couldn't shake the feeling. I opened the library door and slipped inside. 
Azrael looked up at me briefly, then looked back down at his book. "I suppose you came to tell me how much you don't want to be with me." I knew he was pouting, but his mood didn't matter to me. He smelled so good ? my mouth started to water. I didn't understand my reaction to him. I loved how he smelled before, but it felt nothing like this.
"You know I want to be with you," I whispered as I moved toward him.
I had his attention now. He closed the book and a look of worry registered on his face. "Are you okay, Elizabeth?" 
I smiled as I climbed onto the couch next to him. "Of course, why do you ask?" I crawled into his lap and breathed in his scent as I moved up his body. My heart started to race, and my mouth watered. I wanted him so badly. I pressed my lips to his neck. I had the sudden urge to bite him. Without thinking about the consequences, I bit down. He cussed as cool blood filled my mouth. I moaned in pure ecstasy as I savored the taste of him. His blood was what I wanted. It scared me, but I couldn't pull away ? the taste was intoxicating.
"Elizabeth." He sounded even more worried as he pulled me off his neck.
 I moaned in protest and attempted to struggle. "I want more." I attempted to get back to his neck, where blood was running freely from the wound.
He rolled suddenly pinning me to the couch. "Elizabeth ? no. The last time you took my blood you didn't wake up for a month."
"I'm better now," I pouted. I didn't understand why I wanted his blood. It actually freaked me out a little, but the need was fogging my mind. I couldn't think clearly ? all I could think about was tasting his blood. 
He was watching me like he didn't know what to do. He had my wrists pinned. The pressure of his body against mine made my pulse quicken. I pressed my lips to his, taking him by surprise. I kissed him hungrily. My heart started beat faster when he returned my heated kiss. He eased his hold on my wrists as his lips began to explore my neck. I wanted him to bite me, but he didn't. He just kissed me as his hands caressed my body. I moaned as I pressed my body into his. He continued to kiss my neck, then his mouth trailed lower ? moving over the tops of my breasts. Slowly, he moved lower, until he was kissing my thighs. 
I gasped in ecstasy when he sank his fangs into the delicate crease of my thigh. The feeling of euphoria only his bite could give me took over. I closed my eyes and relaxed, allowing the feeling to consume me. I was his completely, and he knew it. "I want you," I pleaded in barely a whisper.
He moved over me, then pressed his lips to mine. His tongue filled my mouth. The metallic taste of my blood made me giddy. I loved how he felt, smelled, and tasted. Everything about him was driving me wild. His hands grasped my hips, then his fingers caught my panties. He slid them down and tossed them aside. I sat up, smiling up at him as I started to unbutton his shirt. I slid his shirt down his arms, kissing his perfect chest as I did. Our eyes locked as I trailed kisses over his chest. His eyes were closed ? he was enjoying my touch. I closed my eyes, and the urge to bite him again nearly overwhelmed me. I wanted to taste him. It was the oddest feeling ? I couldn't fight it. I sank my teeth into his chest.
He groaned as he tangled his fingers in my hair. I was actually surprised that he didn't pull away like he did earlier. Suddenly, he pulled me closer. His lips met mine, and he kissed me hungrily. He pinned me to the couch and settled between my legs. He ran his hand up my thigh, around to my ass. He gripped my ass as he undid his pants with his free hand. 
I cried out when he thrust inside me in one swift move. I tangled my fingers in his hair, kissing him hungrily as he began to move against me. We moved together, driving one another wild. His hands and mouth were all I could think about as they wandered my body. Pleasure rushed through me, making me cry out. I dug my fingers into his back making him moan in ecstasy. He stifled a cry as he let go inside me. I relaxed under him panting. He stayed completely still, holding me. I relished in the feelings my body was experiencing from his touch. I closed my eyes, letting my body completely relax.

I reluctantly opened my eyes. I was lying on my side on the couch in the library. I didn't even realize I fell asleep. I was so comfortable in Azrael's arms that it didn't surprise me when I fell asleep. Azrael wasn't on the couch with me, which was a little disappointing. I sat up and looked around the library. The door was ajar, and I could hear Azrael's low voice as he spoke to someone in the hall. I stood and moved closer to the door, straining to hear.
"There is something off about her. The way she is acting is odd. She reminded me of a young vampire when she bit me." The concern in Azrael's voice was evident. 
"That's absurd. She is not a vampire. She has a heartbeat. Perhaps she is just that crazy about you ? did you ever consider that?" Marcus asked sounding both amused and confused.
Azrael scoffed. "She is off. I don't know why, but I know she wasn't being the normal Elizabeth."
I rolled my eyes, deciding I didn't want to hear anymore. The fact that I wanted his blood was a little odd ? I had to admit that, but maybe Marcus was right. Maybe I was just that crazy about him. I lay back down on the couch and smiled. Azrael's concern couldn't even get me down. I was in a good mood. 
After a few minutes, the door opened, and Azrael came in. He smiled tightly, like he was nervous or unsure. "How do you feel?" 
I sat up and smiled. "I feel good. Do you want to do something tonight? Adam took me to the opera, and it was really nice to go out. Maybe we could go out." I was hopeful he would agree. 
He hesitated as he sat down on the couch next to me. "I don't think that's a good idea."
"Why not?" I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed. I knew he was going to go on about the whole protecting me thing. 
"It's dangerous ? you are safer here." He reached out and touched my cheek affectionately.
I sighed in annoyance. "You don't even know what the danger is. How can you just make me stay here? It has been a month ? maybe there isn't even anything to worry about anymore."
"According to Hayden, there is a lot to worry about. He just won't say who or what," Azrael said dryly.
I stood abruptly and smiled down at him. "I will go talk to Hayden. If he says it is okay for you to take me out, will you take me?" 
He looked like he wanted to protest but instead of speaking, he pressed his lips together. "Fine ? go ask him, but I'm telling you ? he will warn against it."
"I don't think so," I said excitedly as I slipped my dress on. I pressed my lips to his, giving him a chaste kiss, then I hurried out of the library to find Hayden.

Hayden was not as easy to track down as I anticipated. I was starting to get annoyed with him. I was standing at the top of the stairs when he finally walked into the foyer.
"There you are." I hurried down the stairs toward him.
He smiled. "Did you need something?"
"I need you to stop making my boyfriend paranoid." I poked him in the chest with my finger as I spoke.
He looked a little surprised. "I'm afraid I don't know what you mean."
"I mean, he won't even take me out because he is determined to protect me. I want to go out. I don't want to stay trapped here. You need to tell him nothing is going to happen." I was trying to keep my tone down. There were others around, and I was starting to draw attention.
He watched me with an amused glint in his eyes. "There is nothing I could say to Azrael that would make him want to protect you any less. There are people watching this house, waiting for you to let your guard down. I don't think it's a god idea ? at least not yet."
I scowled. I was starting to get really irritated. I didn't want to remain in the house. I knew they were going to do this to me. It was even more irritating that Hayden wasn't even going to tell me what the danger was. "I don't understand what they want. Tell me what they want?" 
"I'm not entirely sure." He leaned in, smiling slightly. "Just believe everything is for your benefit."
I scoffed, then I turned on my heel and stalked off. I knew I wasn't going to change his mind. I was beginning to think I should've stayed on the run. It would've been better than being trapped. 
I walked out into the garden trying to calm my nerves. I paced trying to determine what my next move should be. I didn't want to just hide. It was ridiculous, especially since I didn't even know why I was hiding. 
"Ellie," a familiar male voice spoke from behind me.
I turned, and Roman was standing not far from me. "Roman, I didn't expect to see you here." I wasn't sure how I felt about him. I wasn't really angry with him. He wasn't the one forcing me to have visions.
He started to move closer to me. "You have been gone for a while. We were all really worried about you."
"Apparently, I was in a coma or something. I don't really know ? it's all confusing." I wasn't sure how much to tell him. He saved my life a time or two, so I knew he wasn't going to hurt me.
He watched me carefully, almost as if he was trying to decide what to say. "You should come talk to your parents. Meredith admits she made mistakes, but you shouldn't punish your family."
I rolled my eyes. "They aren't my family. I don't even know them. I'm not even sure if they are my real parents. How do I know Meredith wasn't lying about them to get me to do what she wanted?"
"Meredith wouldn't lie about something like that. You need to give her another chance. She is just trying to do right by our people." He managed to sound slightly offended. I didn't see why he was so offended ? she was the one that lied, not me.
"I don't understand what she thinks I can do. I'm not even a very good seer. I can't get anyone to teach me anything because they are either bent on protecting me or bent on making me do what they want. I can't win, and it is starting to get irritating." I scowled as I sat down on a nearby bench.
He came over and sat next to me. He didn't speak immediately. I wasn't sure if he was trying to decide what to say, or if he just didn't have anything to say. After a few minutes, he broke the silence. "Meredith says you will unite the gypsy people. I don't know how, but my grandma tends to know what she is talking about."
I rolled my eyes and stood again. "I want to be a normal girl." I didn't even try to hide the annoyance in my voice. "I don't want to bring anything together. I want to be with Azrael, and I want to go out and have fun. I had a terrible childhood, bouncing from home to home. I just want to have fun without worrying about my stupid destiny." He was smiling at me as I spoke. It was almost as if he found me amusing. I didn't really understand how I was being amusing. I was trying to be serious. I put my hands on my hips and attempted to glare at him. "What are you smiling at?" 
He stood and walked toward me. "I am smiling at you. You act like this life is normal. How is there anything normal about being a seer and being in love with a vampire?"
I opened my mouth, then closed it again. I didn't have a response. He was right ? none of this was normal. I sighed as I ran my fingers through my hair. "I suppose I'm not normal, but I would still like to try to be."
"Well you can't be, and that is just how it is. Sometimes I hate being a werewolf, but no matter where I run ? I will never be able to change it. The only thing I can do is accept it and play my part in the world." He reached out and gently tugged on a strand of my hair.
I pursed my lips as I watched him. I knew he was right, but I didn't want to agree with him. It was annoying that he was right. "So you want me to go talk to my parents and pretend I didn't grow up without them?"
He laughed. "No, I want you to get to know your parents. They didn't give you up ? you were taken. They deserve a chance to get to know who their daughter is. It isn't like they intentionally let you go."
I looked away, trying to decide what I should do. I knew Azrael wasn't going to let me leave ? at least not without a fight. They would have to come here to see me because I didn't see Azrael or Hayden letting me just walk out. Finally, I looked back at him. "You can bring them here. I won't be able to leave."
His expression darkened. "I thought you told me last time he wasn't holding you against your will."
I rolled my eyes and sat back down on the bench. "He isn't. I'm cooperating with his need to protect me ? for now anyways. I'm not saying it will last forever."
He scoffed. "I can protect you. The gypsies can protect you. Just because we were caught off guard one time doesn't mean we will let it happen again."
I smiled up at him. "I think you can protect me, but Azrael wants me here."
"He can't protect you," Azrael growled before Roman could respond. 
He startled both of us. I didn't hear him approach, and I was pretty sure Roman didn't either. Roman scowled. "I can too. Her parents want to see her, but they aren't going to come to a vampire's compound. They are too traditional."
"Then they don't get to see her," Azrael countered as he rested his hand on my shoulder.
I could see the anger blaze in Roman's eyes. He didn't like the fact that Azrael was telling me what to do. "You can't control her like that," Roman said angrily, then he looked at me. "You can't let him control you like this. You will never have a life, and you will never get to know your people if you let a vampire dictate what you can and can't do."
I knew Azrael was trying to protect me, which was annoying, but I also knew he wouldn't do it unless he needed to. I sighed. "I'm cooperating for now only because he isn't the only one saying I should be careful."
"Who else is telling you to do what he wants?" It was obvious Roman didn't like what was going on. I didn't really understand what was going on myself.
"I am," Hayden said joining the conversation.
I had a feeling there was going to be nothing but problems now. Roman bristled at the sight of Hayden. I quickly got to my feet and moved closer to Roman. "Maybe you should go."
Roman glared down at me. "Do you even know who he is?"
"Um ? that's Hayden, he is a werecat or something," I said as nonchalantly as possible.
Anger flared in Roman's eyes. "He belongs to a different clan, Ellie. A clan that doesn't like ours."
"Belonged ? I am no longer with them." Hayden countered. "I'm a loner, and I can assure you ? I mean no harm to Ellie."
I decided I would have to question Hayden about the clan he belonged to later; for now, I just wanted to prevent a fight. "Let me walk you to the gate, Roman." I laced my arm through his and pulled him toward the gate, and he reluctantly let me.
Azrael didn't look like he liked me being close to Roman, but I didn't care. Roman and I made it around the corner out of Azrael and Hayden's sight, and Roman stopped suddenly. He took my hands in his and looked down at me with a worried expression. "You have to come with me."
"I can't. Get my parents to come here. Azrael won't hurt me, and neither will Hayden." I was trying to reassure him, but I knew it wasn't working very well.
He scowled and released my hands. "Why are you so trusting of them? You don't even know Hayden, and you barely know Azrael."
"If you look at it that way, I haven't known you or Meredith that long either. In fact, I have known Azrael longer," I countered.
He growled in annoyance. "You are impossible."
I smiled playfully. "I know, but I'm safe and that's all that should matter."
He sighed. "I guess that's all that matters."
I nodded. "Now go back and talk my parents into coming here. It isn't that I don't want to talk to them ? I just have a lot going on." I opened the gate for him and held it, so he could walk through.
He nodded and walked out the gate. "Either way, I will be back to check on you. I don't trust them."
I smiled faintly. "Okay ? but I will be fine."
He turned and stalked off into the dark woods. It was a beautiful night. I shut the gate as I contemplated how nice it was out. I turned and the garden suddenly changed into a room. It was almost like I was transported, but I immediately knew it was a vision. I didn't recognize the room. It was a nursery, and everything was done in pink. I was a little relieved because I knew it wasn't Christopher's nursery since he was a boy ? the room was obviously for a girl.
The door opened and a woman hurried in carrying a baby. I recognized the woman, but she was younger. I only saw her once in Meredith's RV ? it was my mother. She lay the baby down in the crib. My mother was crying like she was upset. She looked around, then took one last look at the baby. She reached down and touched the baby, then she hurried out. I had a feeling the baby in the crib was me.
A few minutes later, a scuffling noise caught my attention. The window was being opened, and someone in a cloak came in. The figure hurried over to the crib and looked down at the baby. The baby started crying when she saw the dark figure. The figure removed its hood, and I felt my breath catch in my throat when I saw it was Hayden. He was younger, but it was definitely Hayden. The baby quit crying when he reached down and touched her. Hayden smiled, then slipped his hood back on. He lifted the baby out of the crib and walked back to the window. He slipped out of the window with the baby in his arms. The room blurred, and I waited for the garden to return, but it didn't. Everything suddenly went black.

I woke up when I tasted something sweet in my mouth. The taste was familiar, but my head was so foggy I couldn't focus. I opened my eyes, and Azrael had his wrist pressed to my mouth. He pulled it away when he saw I was awake. I could see his lips moving like he was talking, but I couldn't hear what he was saying. I didn't feel like I was in my own body ? everything felt foggy and distant.
"Elizabeth, answer me," Azrael ordered. I could hear the fear in his voice.
"What was the question?" I didn't hear what he asked in the first place, so I couldn't answer him.
"What happened? Who attacked you?" He sounded both angry and worried.
I groaned. "I wasn't attacked ? I had a vision."
He looked relieved. "What was the vision of?" 
I considered telling him, but I didn't want him confronting Hayden before I could. I wanted to know if I was the baby, and if he was the one who stole me. I shook my head, deciding not to tell Azrael yet. "I don't remember." I didn't want him to go after Hayden before I had a chance to figure out what was going on.
He looked a little surprised. I knew he probably didn't believe me, but I didn't care. I closed my eyes. "Elizabeth," he said firmly grasping my chin.
I opened my eyes again and looked at him. "I'm okay ? I'm just tired."
"A vision has never weakened you like this before. Are you sure you don't remember what it was about?" I could tell by his tone he didn't believe me. I didn't want to make him mad. I knew he trusted Hayden. I didn't want to start a problem, when I didn't even really know what was going on.
I forced myself to sit up. I looked around. I was in Azrael's office on his couch. I wondered how much time had passed. "How long have I been out?"
"Almost an hour." His voice sounded strained as he gently brushed my hair behind my ear.
"It didn't feel like that long," I said absently. My thoughts went back to what I saw in the vision. The question of whether I was the little girl or not was plaguing me. I was almost positive I was the little girl, but the only way I could be sure was if I asked Hayden. I needed to find a way to distract Azrael long enough to talk to Hayden. That was if I could find Hayden in the first place.
"I can tell you are planning something. You need to let me know what it is. Do not hide things from me, Elizabeth. I want to help you." I could tell he was slightly angry, but he was trying to hide it. He knew he would get more information out of me if he was nice.
I sighed and ran my fingers through my hair. I knew I was going to have to tell him. He was watching me so closely, I doubted I would get a chance to speak to Hayden on my own. It was also probably safer to tell Azrael. I wasn't sure whether Hayden could be trusted after what I saw. "I lied when I said I didn't remember my vision. I just wanted to find out more about it before I said anything."
"Find out more how?" he asked sounding suspicious. "What was the vision about?"
I decided to tell him and hope he didn't do anything stupid before I could talk to Hayden. "It was something that happened in the past. I think it was of me, the night I was taken from my parents."
He looked a little surprised. "Did you see who took you?"
"I did, that was why I thought it might be better not to tell you. I wanted to talk to him before you decided to hurt him or something." I reached out and touched his hand, hoping to keep him calm.
He stood abruptly, and my hand fell to the side. "Tell me who 'he' is." 
I sighed and looked away. "It was Hayden."
His expression darkened. He turned to leave, but I caught his hand. "I don't even know if the vision was real. It could be one that was sent to me like Meredith did."
"Meredith sent you a vision?" he asked sharply. I had his attention now. I forgot that I didn't mention that to him.
"Yes, but that is beside the point," I said quickly hoping to change the subject.
"No ? it isn't. Not if she could be doing it again. What was the first vision of, and why did she send it?" His demanding tone was starting to make me nervous.
I really didn't want to tell him. He already didn't like Meredith and Roman. I didn't want to give him any more of a reason not to like them, but it was too late to back out of what I said. "You know they don't want me with you. She was trying to get me to go with Roman, so she sent me a vision of Roman and I married."
His expression darkened. "You didn't think you should tell me this?" 
"No, because I know I belong with you," I said firmly as I stood. I moved closer to him and ran my hands over his chest. "You aren't going to get rid of me easily," I said playfully. I was hoping to change his darkening mood.
Much to my disappointment, he scowled. "I don't think this is funny, Elizabeth."
I was about to argue, but the door opened, and Hayden walked in. "I came because I know you are not happy with me, Azrael, but I don't know why." Hayden's eyes remained glued to Azrael as he closed the door.
"You took Elizabeth when she was a baby," Azrael said sharply as he strode toward Hayden.
Hayden didn't pay much attention to Azrael's aggressive advance. Instead his gaze shifted to me. "You saw this?" 
I nodded as I sat back down. "I'm pretty sure it was me. It was in a girl's nursery, in my supposed mother's house."
"It was you. I'm not going to deny that I took you." He said it like it was no big deal.
Azrael was suddenly in Aiden's face. "Why?" 
"Did you ever consider that Elizabeth wouldn't be here with you right now if I didn't?" Hayden asked dryly.
His words made Azrael relax a little. He turned and walked to the bar to make himself a drink. "Tell us why you took her."
Hayden shifted his gaze back to me. "All my actions have been to protect you. You were destined for a worse fate, so I stopped it by getting there first. I took you, and I gave you to the humans in the hopes of hiding you to protect you."
I scowled, unhappy by his vague explanation. "Protect me from what?"
He laughed. "Your own people actually. Your real father was a very powerful seer. He died before you were born. When you were born, there was a big to do because you were the last of his line. His line was one of the most powerful, so naturally every clan wanted you to be betrothed to their sons. Because of certain alliances, your mother agreed to betroth you to Roman, Meredith's grandson. That is why Meredith is so bent on getting you to marry Roman. Meredith didn't know your mother went behind her back and gave you to Calvin. Calvin is not a very good man. His clan does not abide by the rules. Calvin is who I was and am protecting you from."
I looked at him unsure of what I should ask next. I wasn't quite sure if I believed him or not. What he was saying made sense. I could see why Meredith wanted me to marry Roman so badly now. Believing him meant I didn't have a father, and my mother did in fact try to give me away ? it just didn't work out as she planned. 
I was still confused. "Why would she give me to Calvin? What was in it for her?" 
He laughed like it was apparent. "Money and a chance at a new life. Why do you think her, and her husband disappeared? They didn't leave the clan because they were sad you were gone. They left because they had to answer to Calvin because you weren't delivered as planned. I stepped in and took you away."
"Why did they come back then? It doesn't make any sense." I was trying to process all he was saying. I was actually surprised Azrael hadn't cut in. 
He smiled. "Why do you think I'm so worried about keeping you safe? I have a feeling they are trying to fix their debt with Calvin by convincing or forcing you to go to him."
"It will never happen. They have to know I won't allow it," Azrael growled finally speaking. He moved back over to me and rested his hand on my shoulder. I felt a little safer and at ease when he was touching me.
Hayden shrugged. "I'm sure they know you will be a hindrance. Calvin's people are all over the place. They were the people we were running from in Boston. They are watching and waiting. I'm not sure what their plan is, but I'm sure there is one."
"We need to find out what their plan is." Azrael was watching Hayden. He looked like he was undecided about him. I was having a hard time telling what Azrael was thinking. 
"Obviously Meredith doesn't know my mother gave me to Calvin after agreeing to give me to Roman," I said quietly.
"I doubt she does. I'm sure she wouldn't have searched for your mother if she knew. It is a very bad idea to betray your alliances," Hayden said matter of factly.
I didn't understand why Hayden couldn't have said this all to begin with. I didn't understand why there had to be so many secrets. "Maybe we should tell Meredith," I suggested. I really had no other ideas. I was no longer interested in meeting my mother. The man with her wasn't even my real father. I didn't know how long they thought they could keep up the charade. 
Concern flashed in Hayden's eyes. "That would be a bad idea. That could put Meredith and Roman in danger. I suggest we keep this to ourselves. Everything will be revealed in time."
Azrael gave a brief nod. "I agree, I think we should wait until we have a solid plan before we make a move."
I didn't like the idea of sitting around and doing nothing. I would rather confront them all and see what happened. "I don't like just doing nothing."
Azrael knelt next to me and took my hand. "I know, darling, but it is safer for you if we do nothing at this point."
"I will leave you two to discuss things," Hayden said, excusing himself. He walked out, leaving Azrael and me alone. 
I looked at Azrael. I still couldn't tell what he was thinking. I smiled playfully. "We should run away together."
He laughed softly. "You know I can't do that. I have too much here."
I rolled my eyes and looked away. "Yeah ? I figured you would say no."
He gently caressed my cheek. "It doesn't matter if you run. If he wants you badly enough, he will find you." 
I leaned in and kissed his lips gently. I enjoyed the taste of his mouth, and I didn't want to break the kiss, but I did. I pressed my forehead to his. "I suppose you are right." I couldn't help but feel a little defeated. 
He smiled slightly. "I'm always right. Now why don't you go find Zoey? She has been worried about you. I need to talk to Marcus and Adam. Maybe they can help me come up with a plan."
I didn't like that he was excluding me from the plan, but I wanted to see Zoey, and I doubted he would let me in on the plan anyway. I would figure out what it was eventually on my own. I stood, smiling down at him. "Do you know where she is?" 
He nodded as he stood. "Downstairs ? socializing like usual."
I nodded, then turned and hurried out of the room. I was excited about seeing Zoey. The last time I saw her, she was basically dead. It wasn't a scene I liked to relive. I hurried downstairs, and Zoey was exactly where Azrael said she would be. 
She grinned when she saw me. She hopped up and excused herself from her friends. "I was so worried about you, Ellie." She squealed as she pulled me into a hug. 
I smiled. "I was worried about you too." I was shocked by how different she looked. She looked perfect. Her hair was like silk. She still had the same bubbly smile. Becoming a vampire perfected all her imperfections. 
A look of worry flitted across her face. "I have heard bits and pieces about what is going on ? actually no one knows much. We all just know Azrael is on guard, and that new guy, Hayden, is here."
"There is nothing to know." I decided to lie. I didn't want to make the mistake of telling her too much. She had a big mouth as a human ? I doubted it changed because she was a vampire. "You know how protective Azrael is."
She didn't look like she was convinced, but she quickly changed the subject to her new life, which was a relief. I followed her to her table. I was a little relieved to be getting a break from my current reality.

It was late ? or I should say it was early by the time I left Zoey. I knew she would be turning in for the morning soon. I was a little curious about where Azrael had gotten to. I hadn't seen him since we were in the office together. I walked back upstairs and checked his office. He wasn't there, so I walked to his bedroom. He wasn't there either, which was a little disappointing. I knew he had to be coming back soon because it was almost dawn. I crawled into his bed and got comfortable. 
After a while, it seemed like hours ? but I knew it was only minutes, the door opened, and he came in. He smiled slightly. "I was looking for you."
I laughed. "I was looking for you too. I checked your office, and you weren't there, so I came here."  
He came over to the bed and sat down. I crawled over to him and wrapped my arms around him. "I missed you."
He laughed softly. "I missed you too. We should get some sleep." He gently pushed me to the bed. He lay next to me and pulled me closer. I snuggled up to him and closed my eyes. I wanted to ask him about his plan, but I decided against it. I wanted to just enjoy his touch and attempt to forget about everything else that happened.

I opened my eyes, and I felt my breath catch. The slight pinch, then the euphoric feeling of Azrael's bite overcame me. I moaned in ecstasy as he held me pinned to the bed. I tangled my fingers in his hair, relaxing into his bite. I loved it when he bit me ? it was a feeling I would never get used to. I felt the room start to spin slightly. I knew he was taking too much blood. I touched him. "Azrael." I was a little worried. It wasn't like him to take so much. He didn't move to stop feeding. I started to panic as I attempted to push him off me. He wouldn't budge, and the room was starting to spin. I knew it wouldn't be long before I lost consciousness. Tears stung my eyes. I didn't understand why he was doing this. Fear and panic made everything worse. I struggled, but it was pointless. Everything went black, and he still hadn't released me.
I landed on the floor with a thud. I threw the covers off me and looked around. I felt my neck ? there was no bite. My heart was still pounding in my chest. I felt Azrael kill me. I realized it had to be a vision. Anger surged through me when I began to wonder if that was his big plan. He was going to turn me against my will. He mentioned doing it before, but I didn't think he would actually follow through with it.
I climbed to my feet and looked around. I was still in his room. He was nowhere in sight. I wondered when he planned on doing it. The more I thought about it, the angrier I got. I didn't know how I knew ? I just knew it was going to happen. It wasn't one of those visions I was unsure of. I attempted to calm my nerves as I dressed. I realized I was shaking from the amount of adrenaline rushing through my veins. I didn't know what I was going to say or do. I considered going to Marcus, then I wondered if he had agreed to it. If he agreed to it, then I would just alert Azrael that I knew his plan. I paced the room trying to decide what to do. 
The door opened, and Azrael walked in. I looked up at him a little startled. I was suddenly on guard. 
"Is everything alright, Elizabeth?" he asked sounding worried. He shut the door, and I felt my heart start to race.
A look of worry crossed his face. "I'm fine." I spoke in barely a whisper. My mouth was dry. I didn't feel like I could breathe right. 
"Are you sure? You don't look well." He sounded even more concerned. He moved toward me, but I instinctively took a step back. I didn't know when he planned to change me. The vision wasn't that clear ? all I felt was myself dying. "Elizabeth, what is wrong?"
"I know what you are planning to do to me." I spoke before I could even think about it. I didn't mean to blurt it out like that. My plan was to play it cool until I could come up with my own plan. Unfortunately, I was failing miserably at it. 
He looked even more confused as he watched me continue to move away from him. "What I am planning? Elizabeth, what are you talking about?"
"Don't act like you don't know! Don't play dumb!" I yelled angrily. He knew what I was talking about. I couldn't believe he thought he could get this by me. 
He raised his hands in surrender. He looked as confused as I felt. "Elizabeth, whatever you saw wasn't real. I'm not planning to do anything to you. I don't know what you're talking about."
"Then move away from the door, so I can leave," I said, trying to calm myself. 
He looked a little startled by my request. "I will move, but where are you going to go? You cannot leave the house ? it isn't safe."
"It isn't safe here!" I was failing miserably at controlling my emotions. I was shaking, and I felt sick. I couldn't believe he would do this to me. 
He watched me with a blank expression. I could tell he didn't know what to say. The door opened, making me jump. Hayden came in the room and looked from me to Azrael. "I sensed trouble, is everything okay?"
"Elizabeth seems to think I have some sort of plan. Perhaps you can get more out of her then I can," Azrael said dryly. 
Hayden turned his gaze to me. I didn't know if I could trust him anymore than I could Azrael. They could've come up with this plan together. "Elizabeth, what is wrong?" Hayden asked using a gentle tone. I knew he was trying to seem nonthreatening. He was trying to reason with me. I wasn't sure if I wanted to be reasoned with. 
"I saw him kill me ? he did it to turn me. I told him I didn't want to be a vampire." I glanced from Hayden to Azrael as I spoke.
"What? I would never?" Azrael started, but Hayden raised his hand cutting him off.
"Elizabeth ? are you sure it was a real vision?" he asked, keeping his tone even.
"It felt real ? too real." I turned my accusing glare on Azrael. "He said he would change me if he had to protect me, even if I didn't want it."
"I didn't mean that, Elizabeth. I was angry ? you know that. I would never hurt you. I would never do anything you didn't want done." Azrael softened his tone considerably.
"Elizabeth, I don't think the vision you had was real. Perhaps it was another vision that was forced on you. It has happened before." Hayden sounded like he was trying to negotiate with me.
I looked at him, trying to decide what to say and do. I didn't know what to believe. In the back of my mind, I knew he was right, but that didn't put me at ease after what I experienced. "How do I know it wasn't real? How do I know he isn't planning to change me?" My eyes were darting from Azrael to Hayden.
"You could start by trusting me," Azrael growled impatiently.
Hayden shot him a look. It was a look telling him to shut his mouth. "I know Azrael would never do that, especially not now."
I looked at him confused. I didn't understand why not now. Now was the best time with all the danger, and everything that happened. "Why not now?" 
Hayden looked at Azrael, and Azrael looked like he wanted to protest, but instead he glanced at me. "Tell her," he muttered.
"Tell me what?" I asked impatiently. The secrets were starting to get to me. I wasn't sure which was worse, the visions or the secrets. 
Hayden sighed. "Elizabeth, you are pregnant. If Azrael were to change you now, it would kill the baby."
I felt my chest tighten at his words. Fear shot through me. I knew these weren't the feelings I should've been experiencing. I should've been happy, but all I could see was Lucian killing my son and Azrael. Everything I tried to avoid was happening, and there didn't seem to be anything I could do to stop it.

Book 2 of the Lover's Bite series is available on Amazon. For updates on this and other series join me on Facebook at www.facebook.com/ellaprice.ella












