

* * *

THE WOMEN OF INDEPENDENCE

* * *

BOOK ONE

Loving From Afar

* * *

by

Mona Ingram

* * *

Cover Design:
Elizabeth Mackey Graphic Design

Copyright © 2013 Mona Ingram
All rights reserved.

* * *

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination, or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locations is entirely coincidental.

* * *

Author’s Note:
The procedures and penalties of the Criminal Justice System of British Columbia as described herein have been fictionalized to facilitate the story line.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Epilogue
Prologue
Allison stood back as her friend finished mounting the fan and plugged it in. Air swept gently over the seedlings, and she smiled at the satisfied look on Dani’s face.
“Much better,” said Dani, as she slipped her hammer into the leather tool belt slung around her slender hips. “That’ll help to vent the place.” She poked at the double layer of poly that covered the domed greenhouse. “It’s a great setup.”
“Thanks to you.” Allison gave her a wry smile. “You know, it’s been years, and I still can’t believe you’re a successful contractor. What did you say you have lined up for your next project?”
“Mr. And Mrs. Berkshire’s sunroom. They’ve asked me to tear off the old one and build them a snazzy new one.” She adjusted the angle of the fan and watched closely as it swept back for forth several times. “I’m looking forward to it. Did you say the airflow from the fan is actually good for the seedlings?”
Allison was accustomed to her friend’s abrupt changes of subject. “Yes.” She wiped sweat from her forehead with the back of her hand. “The air strengthens them while moderating the temperature.” She tugged on a pulley at the end of the greenhouse and opened a 2’x2’ flap on the end wall. The vents had been Danielle’s idea when she put the structure together. She’d installed one vent at each end to catch the gentle breezes that swept through the valley.
“The Berkshires. They’re Timothy’s parents, aren’t they?”
“That’s right. Really nice people.”
“Did you ask them about Timothy?” Allison forced herself to look her friend in the eye. “About where he is now?”
“I didn’t have to ask. They were eager to tell me all about him. He’s in Vancouver and doing well. He works for a company down there that provides services to the television and film industries. Apparently, he scouts locations and stuff like that.”
“Huh.” Allison picked up a handful of potting soil and closed her fist around it. In the heat of the greenhouse, the Pro Mix dried out quickly. She’d have to dampen it down again before she did any more transplanting. She raised her head. “Back in high school, was I the only one who didn’t know that Timothy was gay?”
Dani lifted her shoulders. “I can’t honestly say that I knew, either. He didn’t come out or anything.” She raised an eyebrow. “Cole never said anything?”
Allison shook her head. “Nope.” There was a catch in her throat. “I thought we shared everything.”
“Guys are different about stuff like that. Anyway, it was what...ten, eleven years ago? People weren’t so open.” She turned thoughtful. “Timothy was lucky that Cole befriended him. He needed all the protection he could get. I think the other kids sensed he was different, even if he never confirmed it.”
A sad smile twisted Allison’s lips. “Cole was like that. Always sticking up for the underdog.”
Danielle paused, and took a deep breath. “He’s back, you know.”
Allison’s head came up sharply. “Timothy?”
“No. Cole.”
For a moment, Allison couldn’t catch her breath. She staggered back, gripping the edge of the seeding bed for support. “And just how long were you going to wait to tell me?”
Danielle grinned. “I’m telling you now.” Her smile faltered. “I hear his father’s been ill.”
“Why haven’t I heard that?” Allison frowned.
Danielle took a deep breath, then let it out, obviously frustrated. “Because you hide yourself out here? Because you have no social life? Just the other day, Faith was saying she hasn’t seen you in over a month.”
“What about you? When was the last time you were out on a date?”
“Oh, no you don’t.” Dani’s eyes flashed. “This isn’t about me. And don’t tell me that going out with Mark counts as a date. He’s a nice guy and everything, but you two are just propping each other up.”
“No fair! I–”
Dani shook her finger. “You shouldn’t tell me these things if you don’t want them to come back at you.” She looked at her watch. “I have to go.” She walked out the wide greenhouse door and looked at the long, straight rows of black plastic, ready to receive the seedlings. She turned slowly to look at her friend. “He looks hot, Al. I scarcely recognized him.”
Allison closed her eyes and let her head fall back. The sweep of air from the fan cooled her momentarily, but it would take more than a fan to cool down what she still felt for Cole Slater.
Dani’s tone was gentle when she spoke again. They’d known each other too long; had helped each other survive too many emotional train wrecks. “I thought I’d better warn you,” she said softly, then climbed into her pickup truck and headed up the long driveway to the road that ran along the high side of the valley.
* * *
Cole found himself on the twisting road that led through Hidden Valley. The road surface was lumpy and badly patched, much as it had been when he was a teenager. The difference was that his bike was bigger now, and it took the twists and turns with ease.
He knew that Allison had bought a place out here, but he wasn’t ready to see her yet...if ever. She was growing flowers, of all things. Flowers for drying. Evidently she made them into bouquets and sold them all over the Okanagan. He told himself he wasn’t looking for her place, but even so, he noticed the sign by her driveway as he roared past. It wasn’t large, as signs went, but it didn’t need to be, considering that she didn’t encourage visits from the public. It read The Flower Farm. He caught a glimpse of rows of black plastic as he passed, and smiled to himself. It was difficult to picture Allison farming...even if it was flowers. As far as he could remember... and he remembered everything... she’d never shown any interest in gardening. But that was all so long ago...
Lost in memories, he found himself at Green Lake in no time at all. He and Allison had come out here a lot when they were young. The numerous beaches along Okanagan Lake were a magnet for tourists as well as the locals, and as a result, they generally had Green Lake to themselves.
He parked the bike and squeezed through the turnstile gate, heading for what he still thought of as “their” spot. Ponderosa pines offered shade, and the sweet scent of resin filled his nostrils. Dried pine needles crackled underfoot and memories engulfed him. He sat down at the edge of the steep hill leading down to the lake, and took it all in. Very little had changed since the last time he was here. The place was silent, except for some intermittent birdsong. He braced his arms on raised knees and lowered his head. Now wasn’t the time to dwell on those days. His father was dying, and he needed to keep himself strong for the ordeal that lay ahead.
So why had he come here, where memories of his time with Allison were the strongest? Why was he torturing himself, wondering what might have been?
The answer was obvious, even if he didn’t want to admit it. He’d never gotten over her. Never gotten over the shock of what had happened. Cole had driven home, told his dad that he was leaving, and taken off like a bat out of hell. Taken off to make a new life for himself; a life where he controlled the outcome, a life where he wouldn’t have his heart ripped to shreds by a woman.
The distinctive chatter of a Kingfisher brought his head up. He searched the trees along the edge of the lake but couldn’t spot it. It didn’t matter; just knowing the bird was there was comforting. It meant that there were still fish in the lake. Some things, at least, had stayed the same.
He’d loved growing up here in Independence. The other guys his age had talked constantly about getting out, about going to a larger town, but he’d been content. His mother had died when he was young; he scarcely remembered her. His dad had lived by the Golden Rule and expected him to do the same. It had seemed corny at the time; corny and old fashioned, but as Cole grew older, he’d come to appreciate his father’s values.
They’d lived in a small mobile home park that was tucked into one of the narrow valleys that ran roughly parallel to the lake. There’d been those few months right after his mother died, when his father hadn’t known what to do, but other than that, Marty Slater had done a great job of raising him.
His father had smoked all his life, and it was catching up with him now. Since he’d left home, he’d managed to see his father a couple of times a year. His father, along with his lady friend Marnie, usually visited him on Vancouver Island, where Cole ran a successful business. He’d seen them just a few months ago, and his father had appeared in good health, but when Marnie called him two days ago, he’d come running, and was shocked at his dad’s appearance. These days, Marty Slater spent most of his time in a big recliner facing the television; Cole could tell by the items on the two tables that flanked the chair. Books, remote controls, cell phone, tissues, and pain pills painted a picture of someone very ill; someone who was too weak to move around. Cole wondered idly if the doctor would give him an estimate of how much longer. Probably not.
“Jesus,” he said aloud, and dropped his head again. It was almost too much to take in. He’d always been aware that his father flirted with lung cancer every time he lit up, but he was still in his fifties; it was too soon for him to die. He wondered if Allison knew.
He pushed himself to his feet. Damn her for creeping into his thoughts at a time like this! But then whose fault was that? He’d been an idiot to think that by coming here, where they’d shared so much, he could face up to the past and get her out of his system. This was where they’d dreamed of a future together and every thought led him back to that time.
A loon warbled on the lake, but he didn’t look. He had to get going, get away from this memory-laden place. Besides, the community nurse was coming to check on his father right after lunch, and he wanted to be there when she arrived. The nurse might be more forthcoming about his dad’s prognosis than the doctor.
Reflection from the black plastic caught his eye as he rounded a corner. He knew the road well, and this was where he’d seen Allison’s sign.
He slowed his bike, knowing he shouldn’t, but something compelled him. He tore off his helmet, braced his feet on the loose gravel at the top of her driveway, and looked down at her place.
Movement in the greenhouse drew his eye, and a woman emerged. At first he wasn’t sure. The woman was about the right age, but there was something different about her; about the way she carried herself. The bright aura that had always surrounded Allison was missing from this woman. And yet... there was something achingly familiar about her.
The woman raised a hand, as though to wave at him... or was that wishful thinking? She fussed with her hair, then shaded her eyes and looked directly at him. And then he knew. This was Allison. The bond they’d developed a decade ago still pulsed between them. He could see it in her eyes, even from this far away, and it scared the hell out of him. They stared at each other for a long, intense minute. Then he replaced his helmet, started the bike and drove off.
* * *
Allison invariably looked up when she heard a motorcycle. Some people, like her friend Faith, looked to the sky when they heard an airplane; with Allison it was motorcycles. She pretended she didn’t know why she looked, but she wasn’t kidding anyone, especially herself. Cole had bought a motorcycle as soon as he was old enough to get a permit, and ever since, the sound made her heart leap into her throat; made her pulse speed up a little. Her reaction had mellowed over the years, but it was still there, springing to life every time she heard that distinctive sound. She’d always believed that he would come back one day, even though things could never be the same. Too much time had passed for that, but she still hoped.
The motorcycle had stopped at the top of her driveway. The driver braced himself, removed his helmet and looked down at her, but made no sign of recognition. He didn’t need to; she knew it was Cole. She raised a hand to wave, then caught herself just in time and raked her fingers though her hair. If she waved and he rejected her now, her heart would break.
She shaded her eyes and stared at him, willing him to come down the driveway and say hello. The longing to see him again, to hear his voice, to feel his touch, was almost more than she could bear. She knew he’d been to Green Lake. It had been their spot to go and talk; the fact that he’d gone there must count for something.
Or not. He drove away and she dropped her hand, defeated. It was clear from the way he’d looked at her that he still found her repulsive. Tears burned behind her eyes. How could she have allowed herself to think that he might still feel something for her? She tossed her gloves onto the potting table in the greenhouse, grabbed a clean rag from the box by the door and headed for the creek that ran through her property.
Jones Creek meandered down the bottom of the valley, through town, and eventually emptied into Okanagan Lake. Home to trout, muskrat, a few mink, and duck families in spring, there was always something to see along the creek’s edge. She headed for one of the old chairs set up under the willows and used the rag to wipe away bird droppings and leaves. Over the years, it had become her favourite spot on the property, and at this moment, she needed the calming influence of the burbling water and the soft sway of the willow leaves more than ever. Seeing Cole had stirred up too many old emotions, both good and bad. Memories that seemed like they’d happened only yesterday...
Chapter One
November, twelve years ago
“Allison, aren’t you ready yet?” Katherine Ransome called up the stairs to her daughter. “They’re lighting the tree at eight, and it’s already seven fifteen.”
“I know, Mom.” Allison came running down the stairs. She hated the way her hair looked under the toque that her mother insisted she wear. Okay, it was going to be cold tonight, but she’d look like such a loser. She bet Dani’s grandmother wouldn’t force her to wear a toque. She pulled on her boots, her coat and scarf, and headed outside, where her father was warming up the car.
The town of Independence always scheduled their Light Up ceremony on the last Friday in November. Many years ago, the city fathers had shown a great deal of foresight and planted a fir tree in the town square. Situated squarely in front of City Hall, it was visible from every side of the square, and had become a favourite meeting place. “Meet you at the Christmas tree,” was a phrase often heard between the residents of Independence.
The car tires scrunched on the fresh snow as Allison’s father backed out.
“Wait,” she called. “Our toys for the toy drive. Did we bring them?”
“Yes, they’re in the trunk.” Allison’s father smiled at her in the rear-view mirror. “Anxious to see Santa, are you?”
Allison rolled her eyes at her father. “No, but I hear the new fireman is kind of hunky.”
“Allison!” Her mother turned part way around in her seat. “He’s far too old for you, and you know it.” When she saw the expression on her daughter’s face she turned to her husband, pretending to be angry. “Don, your daughter is trying to give me a heart attack. She’s incorrigible, but then I always said she takes after you.”
“Stop teasing your mother.” Allison’s father gave her a wink in the mirror. “Stick to guys your own age.”
“What about Lindsey? She’s going out with an older man.”
“That’s not the same, and you know it. Dennis is only two years older than your sister, and besides, she’s twenty-two. You’re only fifteen.”
Allison didn’t know why she’d opened that can of worms. They could discuss it a million times and Lindsey would still be seven years older. She loved her sister, but they had very little in common.
Her father turned into the parking lot. “Oh, look,” said Allison. “They have the air cadets directing traffic.”
“Good idea,” her father pulled into a space. “It was a mess last year when the Rotarians tried to do it.”
“Now, Don.” Her mother reached across and patted him on the knee. “You know they do their best.”
Her father muttered something under his breath, but Allison was already looking for Dani. They’d promised to meet near the concession stands, and the area was already swarming with people. She jumped out of the car as soon as her father had parked.
“Nine thirty.” Her mother tapped her watch. “Remember, now. We’re counting on you to find us. Tammy has invited us to stop by her shop and get warm around nine, so look for us there.”
“I know, Mom. You already told me.” Her mother had been having her hair done at Tammy’s Cut ‘N’ Curl for as long as Allison could remember. The woman believed in paying it forward, and every year at graduation, she quietly arranged to do the hair of any high school student who couldn’t afford to pay. She’d never once disclosed their names.
The downtown area was almost dark in anticipation of Light Up, but Allison found Danielle breathing warm air into her gloved hands and stomping her feet. “It’s so cold,” her friend said impatiently. “Come on, let’s get some hot chocolate.” She looked over Allison’s shoulder and her eyes widened. “Don’t look now, but guess who’s here?”
“Gee, like half the town?” Allison made a face. “How am I supposed to guess? Oh, wait. Don’t tell me. It’s Jason, right? That new guy?” She turned around to look and Dani tried to pinch her through her coat.
“I said don’t look!” She glared at her friend. “Okay, tell you what. You go and get the hot chocolate and I’ll talk to him.” She put on her most angelic face. “After all, someone has to make him feel welcome.”
Allison groaned. “And that would be you, right? Okay, go ahead, but stay where I can see you.” The Kinsmen had a stand selling hot chocolate, and she got in line.
Steam rose out of the small drinking holes in the lid of the Styrofoam cups as Allison turned away from the concession stand. She raised her head to look for Dani and was jostled roughly by an older teen. Hot chocolate sloshed down the side of one of the cups, narrowly missing her fingers.
“Careful!” she cried, looking up. It was Buddy Stiles, a boy who was a year ahead of her in school. Backed up by his posse of friends, he was known for his bullying tactics.
“Careful yourself,” he shot back. “You should watch out where you’re going.” He pretended to lunge toward her and she stepped back, alarmed.
“That’s enough, Stiles.” Cole Slater stepped between them. He was turned away from her, facing Buddy, but Allison recognized him. He was hard to miss around school. At 6’1”, he was taller than most of his peers. He was known as a loner, but that didn’t prevent him from standing up for himself, as well as others.
He turned around, a concerned look on his face. “Are you all right?” He glanced at her hand. “You’re not burned, are you?”
Allison smiled up at him. “No, I’m fine.” Still angry, she looked over his shoulder at Buddy, and opened her mouth to say something, then thought better of it. She didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of knowing that he’d upset her.
“Here, let me take those.” Cole lifted the cups from her trembling hands. “Where are we going with them?”
Allison pointed toward Dani, who was chatting with Jason. “Over there. One is for Dani.” She couldn’t quite believe he was paying attention to her. She’d seen him in school of course, and they’d exchanged tentative smiles, but they’d never spoken.
“Looks like she’s talking to the new fellow.” Cole smiled down at her. “Are you with anyone? A guy, I mean?”
The hopeful look in his eyes made her heart flutter. “No, just Dani.”
“Good. Have you picked out a spot to watch?”
“Not really.”
“I know a great place, if you’d like to try it out.” He glanced toward Dani and Jason. “Do you think they’d like to come?” He pointed to the hardware store. “My dad manages the hardware store and I usually watch from the roof. Shall I go ask them?”
“Sure.” She watched as he made his way over to Dani and Jason, handed them the cups, and pointed to the roof. They exchanged a few words, and then Dani held up the cup in a salute and grinned. She seemed quite content to keep Jason to herself and watch from down here.
Cole bought two more cups of hot chocolate and led her down a narrow alley between the hardware store and the dollar store. He pulled out a key and opened a metal gate, allowing them access to a set of stairs at the back of the building. “I’ve always watched from up here,” he said, and led her to the front of the building, where a low false front shielded them. A makeshift bench was firmly attached to the roof, and they sat down.
“Your dad doesn’t mind?” she asked.
“No, as a matter of fact he used to bring me up here when I was small. His only rule is that I don’t bring a bunch of people.”
She sipped her hot chocolate and looked down on the crowd. “It all looks so different.” She turned to him. “Thank you for inviting me.”
“You’re welcome.” He scanned the crowd and she could tell the moment he spotted Buddy. He tensed, and his lips drew into a thin line. “That guy’s bad news,” he said. “We didn’t have any real bullies before he came to town.”
“I know.” She shot him a quick look, wondering if she should bring up a rumour she’d heard. This was the perfect opportunity, and there might not be another one.
“I heard he was harassing Timothy last week, and you stood up for him.” She took another sip of hot chocolate. “I was glad to hear that. It’s not Timothy’s fault that he’s not very big.”
Cole gave her a quick, puzzled look. “Yeah, well, we’ve been friends for a long time. Besides, someone needs to stand up for him.”
“You seem like such opposites. How did you ever become friends?”
He considered her question for a moment before he replied. “My mom died while I was in first grade. It was unexpected, and my dad kinda fell apart for a while.” His fingers tightened around the hot chocolate cup and she thought he might crush it. “For a while my clothes were mismatched, and there were many days I didn’t have anything clean to wear. I took a lot of flak from the kids.” He drained the cup. “Timothy was a skinny kid even back then, but he stood beside me through all that, and I decided that when I got older, I’d never let it happen to anyone else if I could help it.” He shrugged. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m not trying to be a hero.” A wry grin turned up the corner of his mouth. “The truth is, I’m trying to talk Timothy into learning to defend himself.”
“How is that working?”
He acknowledged her question by lifting his eyebrows. “If you have to ask, then I guess you know the answer. Not well.”
The loudspeaker squealed and they turned their attention to the temporary stage, where a choral group had assembled. The chatter of voices faded to near silence as the words to Silent Night floated on the crisp winter air.
As though on cue, fluffy white snowflakes commenced falling and Allison looked up, eyes wide with delight. “Did you arrange this?” she asked softly, turning to Cole.
“Just for you,” he said, bumping shoulders with her.
The last notes of Silent Night drifted away and the mayor stepped up to the microphone. Allison scarcely listened; she’d heard the speech every year since she could remember. Besides, the young man beside her was far more interesting.
“Why did you ask me up here?” She was almost afraid to hear the answer.
He looked at her steadily. “Because I like you.”
“Oh.” His response was what she’d wanted to hear, but the bluntness took her by surprise.
“You’re always cheerful and smiling,” he said. “And I can tell that you’re a loyal friend.” He glanced down to where Danielle and Jason were huddled together against the cold. “I’ve seen the two of you together, and you support each other.”
Allison looked down at her friend and was silent for a moment. “We do, but how did you know that?” she asked finally.
“It’s just an impression I have.” He shrugged. “Teenage girls can be nasty, but not you two.”
She nodded. “That’s true.” She thought for a few moments. “Dani lost both of her parents when she was young. I don’t think she’s ever gotten over it.”
“She was old enough to remember them?”
“Yes, she was seven when they were killed. We were talking about it the other day, and she says the memories have faded a lot. She can’t remember what their voices sounded like, and believe it or not, she doesn’t have any videos of them.”
Cole finished his hot chocolate and looked at her. “Finished?” He held out a hand and she passed him the empty cup. He nested them together, but she could tell his mind was somewhere else. “Dad has pictures of my mother, but I can’t honestly say I remember her. Sometimes a woman will walk by and I smell her perfume and I get a strange feeling, but I don’t know. It might be all in my imagination.”
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought that up.”
“No, it’s okay. I was just thinking how it must be worse for Danielle, with no pictures, and the memories slipping away like that.” He turned toward the stage. “They’re doing the countdown.”
“...three, two, one, Light Up!”
The lights on the tree came to life, and the crowd applauded. Stores facing the town square flipped the switches on their decorations, and suddenly the area was bathed in the warm glow of coloured lights.
“This is the part I like,” said Allison. “When all the lights come on.”
Cole nodded, but didn’t say anything. She liked the way he didn’t find it necessary to talk all the time; some guys in her classes never shut up.
The town’s new fire truck drove up the side street, horn blaring. It would be parked for an hour, accepting unwrapped toys for the toy drive. The citizens of Independence always donated far more than could be used locally, and the surplus was gratefully received by towns where the need was greater.
“The toy drive is a nice tradition.” Cole spoke her thoughts. “There’s something about living in a small town where people are basically good, that feels right. A lot of the guys my age love to knock it. They talk constantly about going to live in Vancouver, but I don’t see it.”
“I’ve heard them. They love to say that Independence is a big name for a little town.” She looked sideways at him. “I wonder who named it, and why?”
“You haven’t been to the museum?”
“Once on a school trip, why?”
“There’s a section with old photos and one of the captions explains that back when most of the travel up and down the lake was by boat, the town pretty well had to be independent. In addition to the fruit, there was a lot of market gardening, and farmers produced milk and eggs, and all the meat the town could use. I’ve always thought it was a good name.”
“I agree, and I can’t imagine living anywhere else.” She sat silently for a moment. “What are you going to do after you graduate?”
“I’m not sure.” He stared at the empty cups, which he still held. “I’m leaning toward a trade of some sort. Electrician or something like that. There’s a lot of development in the valley and it’s likely to keep on for a while.” He gave her a sideways glance. “What about you?”
“I’m not sure, either. My mother’s friends are always asking me. Sometimes I wish they’d leave it alone.”
“I know what you mean.” He stood up and offered her his hand. “Come on, let’s go down and wander around the concession stands. It’s probably the same stuff as last year, but we need to move around a bit before we freeze.”
He pulled her up and for a moment they were standing close together. She looked into his eyes and his expression softened. “I can’t figure out if your eyes are blue, or green,” he said.
“A little of both, I think.” Her heart was in her throat. “What about yours?”
“I’m told they’re hazel.” There was that crooked grin again. “But I haven’t checked lately.” He pulled up his collar and stamped his feet. “Come on, let’s go.”
Allison gave herself a mental shake and followed him down the stairs.
They wandered through the park, stopping to examine the various crafts available for sale. Cole was fascinated by the wooden toys. He picked up a simple pull toy and spoke to the vendor. “Is this laminated?” He ran his fingers over the wood, where two contrasting colours met.
“Yes, it is.” The man stood up. “Does woodworking interest you?”
Cole continued to caress the piece. “Yes. We’ve done a bit at school, but this is taking it to a whole other level.”
“Thank you.” The man was obviously pleased. “Young men your age rarely comment on my work.”
Cole smiled. “Oh, I’m sure they appreciate it. They just don’t think it’s cool to say so.”
The man chuckled. “You’re probably right. Very perceptive.”
Cole put down the piece. “Thanks for letting me look.”
“Any time.”
Allison watched the exchange with interest. Cole Slater wasn’t only good looking, he was interesting; she’d like to get to know him better.
The freshly fallen snow scrunched beneath their feet as they wandered along. Allison was glad her mother had forced her to wear the toque. Her arms and legs were getting cold, but at least her head was warm. She shivered.
“Cold?” Cole paused and looked into her eyes. “You should have told me. Let’s see if we can find a couple of open seats at the Blue Lantern. They usually stay open late for this shindig.”
She glanced at her watch. “I’d better not. I promised Mom I’d meet her at nine thirty and it’s already nine.”
“I suppose I should go, too. My dad’s home alone.” He offered her his arm. “Come on, I’ll walk you to...” He turned. “...where?”
Allison laughed. “To the hair salon.”
“You’ve got it.” He walked her across the square and deposited her at the door of Cut ‘N’ Curl. Snow swirled around them, caught by a gust of wind. Flakes caught in Cole’s eyelashes and he laughed. “Looks like we timed that just right.” He tugged her toque down around her ears and his fingers brushed her cheek. “Thanks for tonight.”
Allison’s legs threatened to buckle, but she managed to remain standing. “I enjoyed it.”
“Good.” He smiled down into her eyes. “I’ll see you around.” He turned, hunched his shoulders against the sudden gust of wind, and walked away.
Chapter Two
Cole walked briskly to the parking lot and brushed the snow from his father’s car. He’d enjoyed himself tonight, thanks to Allison. He admired the way she’d stood up for herself when that idiot Stiles tried to intimidate her. She was feminine, and yet independent at the same time. Sorta like the name of the town. He’d have to talk to her about that the next time he saw her.
The hand holding the snow scraper stilled. Next time? It surprised him to realize that he hoped there would be a next time. She wasn’t the most beautiful girl in the school, and perhaps that had something to do with why he’d noticed her. She wasn’t one of those girls who admired themselves in the mirrors in their lockers. She laughed easily, and as he’d mentioned to her earlier, she was a loyal friend.
She’d looked so cute standing there with the snow swirling around that silly toque. It had taken all of his self-control not to lean in and kiss her. Somehow he didn’t think she would have objected. She had a wide, generous mouth and he found himself wondering how it would taste.
He wasn’t the only one leaving the parking lot, and he focused on getting out safely. People tended to back out without looking, and he didn’t want anything to happen to his father’s car. Spring couldn’t come soon enough. He’d bought a small motorcycle last fall as soon as he’d been old enough for a learner’s permit. It occurred to him now that he’d need another helmet if Allison was to go with him, Okay, so he was getting ahead of himself, but there was something about the way they’d talked together that felt right. He was smiling as he turned onto the road that led away from town.
* * *
Allison watched Cole walk away. Meeting him here tonight had been like an early Christmas present. An early unexpected Christmas present. She’d noticed him at school of course...what girl hadn’t? She couldn’t remember if she’d ever seen him with a girl. Many of them tried to talk to him, and he was always polite, but she’d never actually seen him with anyone.
She caught her reflection in the window of the store next door to the hair salon. What in the world had he seen in her? She had no idea, but whatever it was, she hoped he’d see it again...soon.
A couple of dozen adults milled around inside the hair salon and she stopped with her hand on the door handle. She had half an hour to spare; she’d go look for Dani.
Her friend wasn’t hard to find. She and Jason were huddled on one of the park benches, chattering away like old friends.
Dani looked up, spotted her, and waved.
“Where’s Cole?” she asked, as Allison drew closer.
“He’s gone home.” She stuck out her hand to Jason. “We haven’t met. I’m Allison Ransome.”
He stood up. “Jason Raymond.” He looked down at Dani and his expression grew soft. “Dani has been telling me about you.”
Allison rolled her eyes. “Oh, great!” Jason smiled and she turned to her friend. “I just wanted to make sure you’re okay; that you have a ride home.”
Jason spoke up almost before she’d finished. “I’ll take her home.”
Allison looked from one to the other. They both had stars in their eyes and she wondered if there’d been something special in the air tonight. “All right, then.” She gave her friend a pointed look. “I’ll talk to you later.”
* * *
The phone was ringing as Allison entered the house with her parents.
“Now who’s calling at this time of night?” Allison’s mother picked up the phone. “Hello?” She listened for a moment, and then held out the phone. “It’s for you, Allie.”
Dani must be eager to tell her all about Jason. She took the phone from her mother and spoke with a laugh in her voice. “I can’t believe you’re calling me already!”
She thought she heard a muted television in the background, but other than that, the line was silent. She waited a few beats. “Dani?”
“Hi, it’s Cole.”
Allison bit back a groan of embarrassment and slid down the wall behind the kitchen counter. Her parents insisted that the old-fashioned, plug-in phone worked just fine, but it was times like this she’d love to be able to walk away and have a private conversation.
“Cole. I’m sorry, I thought you were Dani.”
He chuckled. It was a low, sexy sound that made the hair on the back of her neck stand up. “Actually, I can’t believe I’m calling you already either.” He paused, and she pictured him thinking. “I just wanted to make sure you got home okay.” Concern laced his voice. “You looked like you were getting a chill.”
She was certainly warm now. “I’m fine, but thanks for calling. I take it you got home okay?”
“Yup. The snow plows had been up the valley already. Listen, would you like to go skating on Sunday? I hear the pond out by the rodeo grounds is frozen already and I was wondering if you’d like to go.”
“I’d love it. What time?”
“After lunch? I could pick you up around one.”
“Sounds good.” She paused. “I had fun tonight, Cole. Thanks again.”
“Me, too.” She thought she heard a little hitch in his voice. “Goodnight, Allison.”
“’night.”
* * *
By the time Christmas rolled around, they were considered a couple. Allison sometimes wondered what he saw in her, but when she asked him, he’d just squeeze her hand and give her a look that made her forget to breathe.
Cole’s varied interests ensured that they never ran out of things to talk about. He challenged her views as often as she questioned his, and on the occasions when they agreed to disagree, there was no rancour between them. They were falling in love in the best possible way...by becoming friends first.
At New Years, Allison and Dani spent several days at the ranch owned by Dani’s uncle. His sprawling, seven hundred acre property surrounded one small lake and bordered on another. To the north, her uncle leased additional Crown Land for his cattle. A confirmed bachelor, Jake Flynn was known as one of the best cattlemen in the area.
“Guess what?” Dani didn’t wait for a response. “Uncle Jake says we can have Jason and Cole over for New Years. Isn’t that great?”
“Is your uncle going to be there?”
“Yeah, but he’ll be downstairs, if I know him. He bought himself one of those huge television sets for Christmas.”
“Okay, then. It’s just that I know my mom won’t let me come if he’s not going to be there.”
“Same here.” She sighed. “Gran already lectured me about that.” Danielle lived in town with her grandmother during the school year, and at the ranch with her uncle during holidays. “What do you think, should I get some mistletoe?”
Allison’s lips tingled and she touched them with the tips of her fingers. Several times over Christmas Cole had looked like he was going to kiss her, but he’d backed off, leaving her feeling strangely empty. Maybe with some mistletoe....
* * *
Cole and Jason arrived together on New Year’s Eve, their coats and hair dusted by the fine snow that had started to fall shortly after the dinner hour.
The two couples spent a quiet evening talking, playing games and listening to a countdown of the best songs of the year on the local radio station. Part way into the evening, Allison volunteered to heat up the mini pizzas in the kitchen and Cole followed her. She slipped the tray into the oven, turned on the timer, and turned to find him right behind her.
“Happy New Year,” he said, handing her a small box tied with a silver bow.
“Cole...?” She looked up at him. “What’s this?”
“It bothered me when we agreed not to exchange Christmas presents so...” He lifted his shoulders.
Her fingers trembled as she opened the box. A silver heart lay nestled on a bed of purple velvet, the fine chain tucked around behind.
“It’s beautiful!” she cried, lifting it out. “Help me put it on.”
He removed it from the box and held it up. “Turn around.” His voice was husky. She turned, and he draped it around her neck, uttering a few words of frustration as he fumbled with the clasp. But he managed to make it work, and she ran to the mirror in the dining room to admire it.
“It’s gorgeous,” she said, touching it and meeting his eyes in the mirror. “I love it.”
He nodded, at a loss for words.
Allison walked up to him. “Thank you,” she whispered, and kissed him softly on the lips.
A low growl escaped his lips and his arms went around her. “You’re welcome,” he said into her hair, then pulled back. “You really like it?”
“Of course, silly. It’s beautiful.” She looked into the familiar hazel eyes. “But you shouldn’t have.”
“Oh yes, I should.” He lowered his head, his intention clear. Just before their lips met, he paused, and in his eyes she saw her future.
Bryan Adams was singing in the background as he kissed her for the first time. His lips brushed hers, tentatively at first, and then he cupped the side of her face and slanted his mouth over hers, deepening the kiss until she thought she might die from the pleasure of it.
“Everything I do, I do it for you.” The lyrics of the song wove themselves into the fabric of her life as Cole nibbled at her bottom lip. Held in his strong arms, she’d never felt safer in her life, and she smiled up at him as he pulled back to look at her.
“What?” he said, searching her eyes. “Why are you smiling?”
“Because I’m happy,” she said, going up on tiptoes to plant a brief kiss on his lips. “Because I feel safe when I’m with you.”
He pulled her head against his chest. “Always,” he said. “That’s a promise.”
She sighed against him, listening to his heartbeat. It was steady, if a bit more rapid than normal. Steady. That was the perfect way to describe Cole Slater, she thought dreamily.
“Hey, you guys,” Dani called from her spot near the fireplace. “A girl could starve waiting for you two. Are the pizzas ready yet?”
“Hold on.” Cole gave Allison a quick peck on the lips and opened the oven door. They slid the pizzas onto a platter and went back to join the others in the living room.
“So.” Dani gave Allison a sly look. “I see you found the mistletoe. Oh, my gosh, what’s that around your neck?” She launched herself up from the floor. “It’s gorgeous!”
“It’s a New Year’s gift from Cole.”
Dani examined it. “Very nice,” she said, turning to Cole. “You be good to my friend, you hear?”
“I hear you,” he said, his gaze fixed firmly on Allison’s face. “It will be my pleasure.”
Chapter Three
For Allison and Cole, winter lingered far too long. With the coming of spring, Cole would be able to ride his motorcycle, and he’d already bought a helmet for her with money from his job packing groceries and stocking shelves at one of the town’s two grocery stores.
“I want to take you to my favourite spot,” he said one evening, as they walked across the small park in the center of town. “Just as soon as it warms up.”
“Where’s that?” She stepped back as he opened the door to the Blue Lantern. They were meeting Dani and Jason for the restaurant’s Friday night buffet.
“Green Lake,” he said, pulling out a chair for her at a table for four. “You’ve been up there, haven’t you?”
Allison frowned. “Maybe once or twice. What’s so great about it?”
“It’s peaceful,” he said, taking the seat beside her. “I go there mostly when I want to think. I almost always see some sort of wildlife, even if it’s just a bird or two, but I like it.”
Allison was glad Dani and Jason were late. Cole didn’t often open up like this. “What do you think about?” she asked.
He picked up a package of soya sauce and studied it, but she could tell his thoughts were far away. “Last year, I thought a lot about my future. I’m seventeen, and I still haven’t decided what I want to do.” He returned the package to the bowl on the table. “There’s not a lot of money in what really interests me.”
Allison hid her surprise. She’d always thought of Cole as being supremely confident; this was a new side of him. “Lots of people don’t settle on a career until they’ve tried a few things.” She glanced sideways at him. “What interests you?”
He didn’t hesitate. “Working with wood.”
“You mean like a carpenter? I thought there was lots of work around here with all the new developments.”
He shook his head slowly. “No. I mean stuff like hand-crafted furniture.”
She recalled the look on his face last Christmas when he handled the wooden toy. “I saw the way you responded to that pull toy at Light Up.”
“You remember that?”
“Yes. I remember everything about that night.”
“Hi, guys. Sorry we’re late.” Dani and Jason arrived, cheeks flushed with cold. “We’re starving.”
Allison and Cole exchanged glances, and smiled.
* * *
Cole was waiting in his usual spot when Allison got out of school. “It’s the twenty-fourth of May tomorrow,” he said with a grin. “The store’s open, even though it’s a holiday, but I’m working an early shift. I thought maybe I could pick up something from the deli when I’m finished and we could take a ride out to Green Lake.” He gave her hand a squeeze. “I took a quick run out there yesterday, and it’s still cool in the shade, but if we dress warmly...” his voice trailed off.
“Sounds like fun.” Cole had taught her about motorcycle safety and showed her how to ride behind him in the parking lot of the mall adjacent to the highway. She was as ready as she’d ever be, and she knew that on this first long weekend of early summer, most of the traffic would be on the main highways. “I’ll meet you at the store.”
* * *
Allison knew that something was wrong the moment Cole came out of the staff entrance the next day. He smiled when he saw her, but it was a forced smile. He held out a hand and she took it, content to let him lead her toward the bike in silence.
She gave him a supportive squeeze when they were settled on the bike, and as they headed into Hidden Valley she felt him start to relax. It was a beautiful day... the warmest one of the year so far... and she hoped that he’d be able to enjoy himself.
The lake, usually a dark green, was sparkling when they arrived. A faint breeze disturbed the surface, reflecting the sun in a million tiny bursts of light. As Cole had predicted, they had the whole place to themselves.
Cole grabbed the bag with their food, and a blanket that was stowed in his saddlebags. Still silent, they walked to the top of the hill overlooking the water and he spread the blanket.
Allison sat down and looked up at him expectantly. He remained standing, gazing out between the pine trees at the water below.
“I’m sorry,” he said finally, but his back was still to her. He took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and then sat down. “It was a rough day.”
“What is it, Cole?” She edged closer and massaged the back of his neck.
He stretched his neck and rotated his shoulders. “I’m beginning to wish I hadn’t encouraged Timothy to apply for the position at the store. I’ve tried to teach him to stand up for himself when those bullies come in, but he’s getting worse instead of better.” He braced his arms on his raised knees and dropped his head. “It’s just not in his nature to fight back.” He picked up a pine cone, examined it, and then tossed it down the hill. “Maybe I’m the one who needs to change. He’s obviously not going to.”
“But you’re his best friend, and as far as I can see he doesn’t have any others. Someone has to stand up for him.”
He turned and looked into her eyes. “That’s one of the reasons I love you, Allison.” He kissed her softly on the lips. “You’re a good person, you know that?”
She didn’t respond for a moment. All she could hear was her heart pounding in her ears. “What did you say?”
A shaft of sun pierced the canopy of pines overhead, illuminating his face. Golden glints she hadn’t noticed before shone in his eyes as he leaned back on one elbow and regarded her steadily. “I said I love you.”
“You love me?” She’d waited for months to hear the words, but now that he’d said them, she couldn’t believe her ears. “Really?”
“Really,” he said, and reached up to pull her gently toward him. “I’ve loved you for a long time, Allie. Ever since that first night.”
His lips covered hers and she melted against him, the long, hard length of his body in sharp contrast to her feminine curves. “I thought it was just me,” she said, touching his face with trembling fingers. “I love you, too, Cole.”
He captured her mouth again, setting her body on fire. She closed her eyes, determined to remember everything about this moment. The way Cole’s unique scent blended with the perfume of the pines, the way little patches of sun danced across the blanket, and the way the muscles in his arms flexed as he held her.
He pulled back and looked down at her. “We have to stop,” he said, his voice husky. A slow, sexy smile moved from his lips to his eyes. “A guy can only take so much, you know.”
She didn’t know whether to be relieved, or disappointed. Between his kiss and his words, her body had come alive in ways that were unfamiliar, but exciting. She liked it, but at the same time it frightened her.
“Oh,” she said, her voice shaky. “I thought maybe you wanted to have sex.” 
“No, Allison.” He gave her a quick kiss. “I want to make love.”
Heat bloomed between her legs.
“But not yet.”
His words startled her. “You don’t want me?” she asked.
He groaned aloud. “Are you kidding?” He dropped another kiss on her lips. “I want to make love to you more than anything in the world. But I want our first time together to mean something.” He sat up and faced away from her.
 Allison sat up. “Sometimes I think that everybody at school is having sex.”
He gave her a sharp look. “Having sex doesn’t make them grown up.” He raised an eyebrow. “What made you say that, anyway?”
She couldn’t look directly at him. “I went out with a couple of guys who wanted more than I was willing to give.”
“There! You see? That’s what I love about you. You’re not willing to sell yourself short.” He stroked her cheek and she turned toward him. “When we’re old and gray, we’ll be glad we waited.”
“You promise?”
He gazed into her eyes. “I promise.”
* * *
“I don’t believe you!” Dani rolled her eyes. “He said he wanted to wait? No guy says he’s willing to wait when a girl says okay.”
Allison was beginning to wish she hadn’t confided in her friend. “That’s what he said.” She lowered her voice. “He told me he loves me.”
“Big deal.” Dani brushed the comment aside. “Jason tells me that every time we do it.”
“You and Jason?” Allison’s eyes widened. “You’re having sex?”
“Hello! Earth to Allison! Everybody’s having sex. Haven’t you heard?”
“I thought they were making most of it up.” For the first time she could remember, she felt shy with her friend. “What’s it like?”
Dani shrugged. “It’s okay, I guess, but doing it in the front seat of a pickup can be a bit awkward.”
“I guess Cole was right.”
“About what?”
“He said he wanted the first time to mean something.”
Dani’s eyes grew misty. “You’re lucky you found him. I hope you know that.”
Allison nodded. “Every day.”
Knowing that Cole loved her, and was willing to wait empowered Allison. She suspected that Dani considered her to be immature, and probably many of her classmates thought the same, but she didn’t allow that to bother her. Happy and confident, she breezed through the last weeks of school. She already had a job in a fruit stand for the summer, and planned to save most of her pay. Sitting in class, she was daydreaming about her future when she became aware that her teacher had walked up beside her desk. She looked up guiltily. “Sorry. I was...”
“Allison, the Principal would like to see you in her office.”
She frowned. If daydreaming warranted a visit to the Principal’s office, there’d be no students left in the classroom. She glanced at the clock on the wall. Ten minutes until the last bell rang; she grabbed her bag, and still puzzled, made her way down the hall.
She spotted Lindsey through the windows of the principal’s office, and a shiver of apprehension crept down her spine. What was her sister doing here? And why did she look like she’d been crying?
“Lindsey,” she said, not recognizing her own voice. “What are you doing here?”
Lindsey tried to hold back the tears that threatened to fall, but failed. She held out her arms and Allison walked into them. “Oh, Allison,” she sobbed. “I don’t know how to tell you.”
Allison pushed away. She didn’t want to hear this. She looked wildly around the room, as though searching for an escape. Her sister watched her for a moment, then opened her mouth and changed Allison’s life forever. “Allison. Mom and Dad have been in a terrible accident.”
Allison looked out into the main office, as though expecting them to appear. “Where are they?”
Her sister couldn’t seem to stop crying. Lindsey, who was always so calm and collected, was falling apart. Allison’s world tilted. “Allie, they were both killed.”
Allison tried to process the words. They didn’t go together. There must be some mistake. She’d talked to her mom on the phone just this morning, and everything had been fine. Mom had decided to accompany Dad on a business trip to Cherryvale. She’d been looking forward to a night in the hotel and shopping while her father took care of his business. They’d be home this afternoon.
“No,” she said, turning to the Principal. “There must be some mistake. They’ve gone to Cherryvale.”
“I’m sorry, Allison.” Mrs. Sanderson glanced at Lindsey, then continued. “A logging truck lost control and they were killed instantly.”
Allison refused to look at the Principal. If she did, it might be true. She looked out the window and noticed idly that there were still small patches of snow on the distant hills. She stood up and walked out of the office, down the hall and out the door into the June sunshine. Mom had said they’d be back by the time she got home from school, the way she was every day. She knew that if she went home, they’d be there, and she could straighten out this terrible mess.
She put one foot in front of the other, not taking into consideration the fact that the family lived five miles from the school.
Chapter Four
The low rumble of Cole’s motorcycle finally broke through her consciousness. He’d been trailing her for some time, waiting for her to acknowledge his presence. She turned and tried to smile for him, but the muscles in her face refused to co-operate. He pulled his bike off the road, dismounted, and came toward her.
She clutched him around the waist and leaned into his chest as his arms wrapped around her. Closing her eyes, she breathed in his familiar scent, knowing that he’d always keep her safe.
He pulled back, and she saw the truth in his eyes. “I’m sorry,” he said softly, brushing a stray strand of hair from her face.
“It’s true?” she asked, still not wanting to believe.
“I’m afraid so.” He motioned to the bike. “I’ll take you home, but first I have to call Lindsey. I promised to let her know when I found you.” He pulled out his cell phone.
“Do I have to go home?” she asked. “What I’d really like to do is go down and sit in one of the parks down by the lake.”
“You don’t want to go to our spot at Green Lake?”
She shook her head. “No. That place is for happy memories. Right now, I just want to sit and look at the water.”
* * *
Allison stared at the water in silence for a long time. Cole sat with his arm loosely around her shoulders, ready to listen when she needed to talk. Walking from the bike to the picnic table, her gait had been stiff, but as the minutes passed, she relaxed against him, and with a sigh of acceptance she rested her head against his shoulder.
“I learned to swim here,” she said. “Right over there.” She pointed to a roped-off area. “In the summertime Mom makes picnics and we come down here after Dad gets home from work.” She exhaled slowly. “I can’t believe we’ll never do that again.”
Cole said nothing, comforting her with his presence.
“Is there something wrong with me?” she asked softly. “I should be crying, shouldn’t I?”
He stroked her hair. “You’ll cry when you’re ready.”
“What’s going to happen to me?” she said, turning to him. “To us? I’m sorry to make this about me, but I can’t help wondering.”
He pressed his lips against her temple. “That’s okay. I was wondering the same thing.” He paused. “A lot will depend on your sister.”
“I think you’re right. She and Dennis have been talking about getting married. I wonder what they’ll do now?”
* * *
“Move to Cherryvale?” Allison looked from Lindsey to Dennis. “That’s the last thing I want to do.”
Dennis rose and stalked out of the room. It had been two weeks since the funeral, and as he’d said several times, he was impatient to get on with his life.
Allison frowned at his retreating figure. “I’m sorry, Lins. I don’t mean to make him angry, but why do we have to move there?” They were sitting at the kitchen table and she looked at the familiar surroundings. “This is our home.”
“Yes, but we have to make a living.” Lindsey spoke patiently. “We were lucky that Mom and Dad had an up-to-date will, but you know what it said. We can’t sell the house until you’re twenty-one.” She gave her head a quick shake. “They never expected we’d actually have to follow their wishes.”
“So let’s just stay here and live. What’s the problem?”
“There are no real jobs here, Allie. Especially in Dennis’ field. He’s been offered a great position, and he’s going to accept it. I can get a decent paying job as well.” She stared at the sheet of figures on the table in front of her. “Dennis has enough money saved to put a down payment on a house in Cherryvale, and in the meantime, we’ll rent out this place and put the money in an account that we’ll split when you reach twenty one.” She held up a hand. “I’m sorry, Allie, but Dennis and I have already decided.”
Allie absorbed her sister’s words. The truth was, she didn’t see any other way around the problem. “And you guys are getting married this weekend?”
Lindsey didn’t look very excited. “Yes. We decided to have a quiet ceremony and get it over with.” Her eyes took on a faraway look. “I always thought I’d have a proper wedding. You know, decorations in the church, a reception... all those things.” She remained silent for a moment, then gave herself a shake. “But things have changed and we have to adapt.”
Allison had heard Dennis use that phrase the other day. It had angered her then, and it angered her now, but she hid her feelings from her sister. She looked across the table and realized that she didn’t really know her sister. A seven year age difference meant that they hadn’t been close friends while growing up, but Lindsey had looked out for her in subtle ways ever since she could remember. She was continuing to do that now, and Allison knew she could have done a lot worse. Lindsey had included her in as many decisions as possible, keeping her in the loop as she sorted out their parents’ finances, and consulted with the lawyer. She’d been treated as an adult every step of the way. It was now time to step up to the plate.
“You’re right,” she said, and was rewarded by a smile from her sister. “Nothing is the same.”
* * *
“Cherryvale?” Cole jumped up and started to pace. They were at their spot overlooking Green Lake. “But that’s... what... four hours away.”
In spite of the warm weather, Allison felt a chill. “But we’ll still see each other, won’t we?”
He turned to her and she was reassured by the look on his face. “Of course we will, but not every day.” He gave her that heart-stopping grin she’d come to love. “You’re the reason I get up in the morning, don’t you know that?” He continued to pace, clenching and unclenching his right hand, something she’d come to recognize as a sign that he was thinking. “Okay, let’s do what they say. Let’s make lemonade.”
“What?”
He took a few more strides, and then sat down beside her. “It’s an old expression I heard at the store the other day. Something about when life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” He nodded to himself. “This business of moving to Cherryvale isn’t ideal, but we’ll make it work to our advantage.”
“How?” She couldn’t quite see where he was headed with this.
“I’ll be spending less time with you, so I’ll take more shifts at the store plus I’ll look for another job.” He picked up her hand. “I’ve told Dad about us, Allison, and he says he’s proud of us for waiting.”
“You told your father?”
“I had to.” He studied her hand for a moment before continuing to speak. “I don’t know if you know how difficult it is, wanting you so much.” He gave a short laugh that came out more like a bark. “All my friends are having sex and bragging about it.” He brought her hand to his lips. “I’m not complaining, I’m just trying to explain why I told my father about us. You see, I figured if I told him, then I’d be strong.” His lips brushed the palm of her hand and fire ignited deep in her belly.
“Yeah,” she said breathlessly. “I see what you mean.”
“So.” He slapped his thigh with his other hand. “While you’re in Cherryvale, I’ll be making lemonade.” He lay back on the blanket they’d spread out and looked up through the trees. “I’m going to look into some courses at the Community College. I hear they’re flexible and they’re willing to work around your schedule.”
“What are you going to study?”
“I don’t know yet.” He pulled her down to his side. “But when we’re together, I’ll be able to support you, I can promise you that.”
“Even so...” Allison sighed. “I don’t want to go.”
“I know, Allie.” He kissed her, and she clung to him, missing him already. “But we’re going to be just fine, you wait and see.”
* * *
“What do you think?” Lindsey had waited until the papers were signed to show Allison the new home. It was in an older section of Cherryvale, where the yards were a generous size and the homes were set back from the street. She pulled into the driveway and they got out.
Flushed with excitement, Lindsey turned to Allison. “Dennis says we can start working on our family right away.”
“Are you...” Allison’s eyes went to her sister’s stomach.
Lindsey held up a hand. “No, not yet, but we’ve crunched the numbers, and if we get pregnant, I can afford to quit work.”
Allison eyed her sister cautiously. Selfish as it sounded, she’d never thought about Lindsey starting a family. “Is that what you want?”
Lindsey’s entire demeanour softened. “More than anything.” Something flickered behind her smile, and then disappeared. “Dennis isn’t quite as eager, but he’s agreed.” She grabbed Allison’s hand. “Come on, I’ll show you around.”
Allison tried to work up enthusiasm for the small house, but her thoughts were back in Independence, with Cole.
In the weeks leading up to their move to Cherryvale, he worked crazy hours. They’d spent every possible moment together, but the thought of their imminent separation had been unsettling for both of them.
She’d broken down the weekend before the move to Cherryvale. “I have a bad feeling about this,” she’d said, unable to meet his eyes. It was so hard to remain strong. She’d just lost her parents, and now she was about to lose Cole.
He pulled her into his arms and tipped up her chin, forcing her to look at him. “Do you trust me?” he’d asked.
“You know I do.”
He brushed a tear from her cheek with his thumb. “Just thought I’d make sure.”
“It’s just...”
“I know.” He dropped a kiss on her forehead, and held her head against his chest. She snuggled against him, listening to the steady beat of his heart. “I’m not saying it’s going to be easy, being separated, but I promise I’ll see you at least twice a month.” He pulled away and smiled down at her. “I love you, Allison. It’s as simple as that. Nothing will keep me away from you.”
* * *
Cole got a phone plan with unlimited minutes and they spoke every day. His was the last voice she heard before she fell asleep at night, and at times it seemed that was the only thing she lived for.
Several days after moving, Allison got a part-time job in a convenience store. It was a mindless job, with no future, but it would fill the days until the school term started. Even the upcoming school term seemed like an imposition, and more than once she considered not taking her last year. But Cole was adamant that she finish. He was right, and she knew it, but she didn’t have to like it.
She exited the store at five after ten on Friday evening to find Cole in the parking lot, waiting for her.
“Cole!” She flew into his arms. “I didn’t know you were coming.”
He picked her up and swung her around. She melted into him, breathing in his distinctive scent and reveling in the feel of his arms around her.
“I couldn’t stay away,” he said, burying his face in her hair. “God, you smell so good.”
“You, too.” She looked up at him. “Oh, Cole, I missed you so much. How long can you stay?”
“Just a few hours. I switched my shift around to start at noon tomorrow, so I need to leave here at eight in the morning.” He handed her the helmet he’d bought for her. “Come on. I want to hear everything you’ve done since you got here.”
Waving to him as he drove off the next morning was one of the most difficult things she’d ever done, but Allison coped much better than she’d ever imagined she would. Inspired by his upbeat attitude, she forced herself to adjust to their new normal. Even after school started, they spoke every day, his words of endearment carrying her through until the next evening.
Chapter Five
Until one Sunday evening, in late October. Thanksgiving was over, and Allison knew that the roads could turn treacherous at any time, but Cole still visited at least twice a month.
“Wake up, Allie. You’ll be late for school.”
Allison awoke with a start, and grabbed her cell phone. Cole hadn’t called her last night and she’d lain awake for hours, worrying about him. She’d finally called him around midnight, but his cell phone had been turned off, and panic started to build.
“Cole didn’t phone last night,” she said breathlessly, swinging her legs out of bed.
Allison frowned. “That’s not like him. Did you try to call?”
“Several times, but his phone is turned off.” She pressed her fingers into her temples. “I’ve hardly had any sleep.”
“I can see that, but try not to worry. It’s probably nothing.” Lindsey tried to sound convincing. “Have a shower. I’ll drop you off at school on my way to work.”
The minutes crawled by during class, and Allison scarcely heard a word the teachers said. Between each class, she called, with the same results. By the time she reached home after school, she was in a full-fledged panic.
When her phone rang at five thirty, she pounced on it without checking call display.
“Hello?” She waited to hear his familiar voice.
“Allie?”
“Dani?”  Her heart started to thud.
“Allie.” Her friend sounded strange. “It’s about Cole.”
Fear gripped her by the throat. “What?” she asked hoarsely. “Tell me.”
“Allie, Cole was arrested last night.”
For a brief moment, she was relieved that he hadn’t been in an accident. But then Dani’s words registered. “Arrested? Cole? Come on, Dani. Stop fooling around.”
“I’m sorry, Al, but it’s true.” She hesitated. “There are all sorts of rumours, but what I’ve been able to learn is that he was caught in the back alley behind the jewelry store. You know, where it runs down between the buildings?”
“Yes, yes.”
“Well, I guess there was a silent alarm in the building, and the cops arrived and found Cole with a backpack full of jewelry.”
“Are you saying he robbed the jewelry store? Cole’s not a thief. You know that as well as anyone.”
“I know. It doesn’t make sense.” Dani was trying hard not to break down. “I’m just telling you what Jason learned.”
“But...” Allison didn’t know what to say. The whole idea of Cole robbing the jewelry store... any store... was preposterous. “What happens now? I need to come and see him.”
Her words were met with an ominous silence.
“Dani? What aren’t you telling me?”
“Don’t come, Allison. He won’t see you.”
“Don’t be ridiculous. Of course he’ll want to see me.”
“No, Al. Jason tried to see him today, but he was referred to Cole’s lawyer. Evidently Cole’s father has arranged for a lawyer, and Cole has given him instructions that he doesn’t want to see anyone.”
“That’s crazy. I’m coming down there anyway. Can I stay with you?”
“No, Allie.”
“I can’t stay with you?”
“No, that’s not what I meant. He’s being transferred down to the Lower Mainland in the morning.”
“But he hasn’t even been tried. They can’t move him.”
“Apparently they can. It’s something his lawyer arranged. It has something to do with his age.”
Allison thought for a moment. “He’s seventeen. Isn’t that an adult?”
“Dammit, Allison, I don’t know the details. I’m just passing on what Jason told me.”
“I’m coming anyway. I’ll get the bus tomorrow. Can I stay with you?”
“Of course you can. See you tomorrow.”
* * *
Allison stared out the window of the bus, her thoughts a million miles away. There must be some explanation. Yes, Cole had been getting impatient for them to be together, but he was ahead of his targeted savings, and just a couple of nights ago, he’d been telling her about a course he was going to take at Okanagan College. A course in carpentry joinery, where he could learn and work as he progressed. It was an ideal situation, and he’d been excited about the future for the first time since they’d parted.
No, there was something else going on here, and she needed to find out what had happened.
* * *
“Mr. Slater?” She’d been surprised to find Cole’s father at the hardware store. He turned to face her, and she could see the strain on his face.
“Oh, hello Allison.” He turned to his clerk. “Would you take over, Ben? We’ll be in my office.”
Marty Slater sat down, braced his elbows on his desk, and dropped his head into his hands. “You shouldn’t have come, but I understand.” He raised his head. “He’s been transferred already, on the advice of his lawyer.”
Allison was prepared to accept that, even though she didn’t understand. “What happened, Mr. Slater? Cole wouldn’t do something like this. We both know that.”
Cole’s father struggled to hold back his emotions. “I know, but he won’t discuss it. He said to just leave it alone.” He spread his hands in a gesture of hopelessness. “His lawyer says he’ll probably get eighteen months in a minimum security prison.”
“When will that be? When will we know?”
Mr. Slater shook his head. “Probably within a month. They tend to process these cases fairly quickly.”
“And where is this minimum security place?”
“It’s on the lower mainland. Near Chilliwack, I think.”
“Then I’ll go there to visit him.”
Cole’s father leaned forward on the desk. “Unless he has a change of heart, he won’t see you.”
She looked at him, not understanding. “If I go there, he won’t turn me away.”
Mr. Slater shook his head. “These places don’t just let you waltz in. I had a friend once who was incarcerated, and I visited him a few times. He had to put my name on a list, and then I had to phone to say I was coming.” He watched her carefully. “It’s quite a procedure, and if he doesn’t want to see anyone, he simply tells them that.” He sat back and laced his fingers over his stomach. “I’m afraid he’s in the driver’s seat on this one.”
Allison fought back tears of frustration. “How will I know if he changes his mind? Can I at least call there?”
“Yes. Or you could call me. I’ll be checking as well.” He gave his head a slow, frustrated shake. “I can’t believe this is happening.”
“Me too.” Allison thought for a moment. “What about letters? Could I write to him?”
Marty Slater hadn’t considered that. “I don’t see why not. I’ll find out the mailing address as soon as I can.” He looked across the desk at the determined young woman. “He loves you, Allison.” A faint smile softened his face. “You’re both so young, but I know he loves you.”
Allison swallowed. “That’s what makes this all so difficult. I love him, too.” She stood up, and offered him her hand. “I’ll call you for that address.”
He nodded, unable to speak around the lump in his throat.
* * *
Cole’s father watched Allison walk from the store and expelled a long breath of air. Normally he would have said that kids as young as Cole and Allison couldn’t possibly be in love. But there was something different about these two; something steadfast. Allison was clearly hurting, but he had to admire her tenacity. He leaned back in his chair and stared at the ceiling, torn by conflicting emotions. He hadn’t exactly lied, but he’d withheld what he knew. For the first time since his wife died, he wondered if he’d made a mistake by teaching his son to live by the Golden Rule. Do Unto Others was all well and good, but not when you ended up in jail because of it. Eighteen months in jail! He pressed his fingers into his eyes and tried not to cry.
* * *
Cole still couldn’t quite believe what he’d done. Some days, time seemed to stand still, and on other days, it sped by so quickly it was only the shouted commands from the guards that made him realize they’d soon be shut in their rooms for another night.
Sunday was the hardest day of the week. The men clustered around ‘the list’ on Saturdays to see who would be receiving visitors, and on Sunday, those men whose families could afford the trip took special care with their appearance. Cole had made the mistake of looking out the window on the first Sunday, and the sight of the men with their families had almost broken him. He vowed to keep out of sight in future; what he didn’t see, he couldn’t dream about.
He had plenty of other dreams to keep him occupied. Every night, he thought of Allison and wondered what she was doing. He tried to imagine her at her new school, but soon found the exercise to be too painful. For the same reason, he refused to read the letters that had started to arrive with regularity.
But the most troubling dream, the one that played on a continuous reel in his head, was of the night everything had gone down.
* * *
He’d been delayed at work, and knowing that Allison would be waiting for his nightly call, he turned into the alley behind Main Street in an attempt to avoid the stoplights. A stickler for the rules, he made it a habit to stop even in the middle of the night, when there was no traffic.
At the far end of the alley, a door opened and light spilled out onto the pavement. Someone backed out, and Cole’s senses went on alert. It looked like Timothy, but what was he doing here? He checked the names on the back of the buildings as he approached, and realized that his friend was coming out of the jewelry store. And he was carrying a backpack, something Timothy never did.
“Timothy?” He turned off the bike and dismounted.
His friend whirled around. “Oh, man. You scared me.”
“What are you doing?” Cole looked pointedly from the open door to the backpack. “Tim? What’s going on?”
His friend stood there, mouth open, and fingers of dread crept down Cole’s spine. As he was about to question Timothy, a police cruiser passed slowly on the street, then stopped when its radio crackled to life.
“Oh my God.” Tim tossed the backpack to Cole. “Here, hide this.”
“Tim, what have you done?” Cole stared at his friend. Timothy had quit his job at the store a few weeks prior, and looked even paler and thinner than before.
The tail lights of the police cruiser glowed red, and it backed up. There were two officers in the car, and the one on the passenger side shone a flashlight down the alley.
At that point, everything seemed to happen in slow motion. Out of the corner of his eye, Cole saw Tim scurry between the buildings. He’d be out on Main Street and walking away within seconds if Cole didn’t do something right now.
Memories of his friend being bullied at school, and at the grocery store flashed through his mind. Timothy was gay. He wouldn’t survive being locked up; it was as simple as that. Cole took a deep breath and turned to face the police.
Chapter Six
“So, young fella, what are you in here for?” One of the old lags swung a leg over the picnic bench in the outside area and settled in across from Cole.
“What about you, Pops? You tell me, first.”
Rheumy eyes studied Cole. Eyes that had seen a lot in their many years. “You won’t believe it,” he chuckled.
“Try me.” Cole smiled; he couldn’t help it, there was something charming about the older man.
“I got me a still back in the woods, and the law doesn’t take too kindly to that.”
Cole looked around to see if he was being punk’d. Nobody was paying attention to them. “Are you serious?”
“Yup.” The old man looked right, then left. “And I’ll do it again, soon as I get back to the island.”
Cole laughed out loud. It was the first time he’d laughed since he arrived. “What’s your name?”
“Charlie. Charlie Branson.”
“Well, Charlie. In case you haven’t heard, there are liquor stores all over the place these days. You don’t need to risk getting locked up.”
The old man’s eyes glittered. “Ain’t the same.” He waved a hand in front of his face. “The stuff I make? Now that’s real liquor. None of this 80 Proof stuff.” He narrowed his eyes. “Do you take a drink, young fella?”
Cole smiled. “I’m only seventeen. I’ll have lots of time for that when I get older.”
“That you will, that you will.” Charlie looked at his hands. “Trouble with drinking, it makes my hands shake.” He flexed his fingers. “I used to enjoy carving.”
“What type of carving did you do?”
“Wood.” Charlie looked up. “Yellow cedar is the best, but there’s not much around anymore.” He became animated. “If you ever see a chunk of yellow cedar lying around, grab it.”
“I’ll do that.” Cole edged forward. “I’d like to work with wood one day. I had a course lined up before I got sent here. Carpentry and joinery. But at least I’m signed up for that course that’s starting tomorrow.”
Charlie nodded. “You’re in here for... what... two years?”
“Eighteen months.”
“It’ll be over before you know it. Just keep your nose clean.” Charlie gazed into the distance. “Speaking of wood, I know a fellow makes beautiful wooden furniture on Vancouver Island. Remind me to give you his address. He’s putting out some amazing stuff.”
“Thanks, but I have a girl back home waiting for me.”
“Then you’re lucky. But I’ll give it to you anyway. You never know where life is going to take you.”
Cole noticed that Charlie’s ‘down home’ way of speaking disappeared when he wasn’t talking about moonshine. He hid his amusement and pushed away from the table. “Nice talking to you, Charlie. See you around.”
Cole walked to the far corner of the yard and looked out through the wire fence. It didn’t offer much security, but then that’s what this place was all about. He braced himself against the wire and watched the river tumbling over and around a series of rocks. He was surprised that he’d opened up to Charlie... especially the part about having a girl waiting for him. The ache in his heart when he’d mentioned her had been almost too much for him, but he’d managed to hold it together... barely.
He’d been here a month now. A month without holding her, hearing her voice, or inhaling the sweet smell of her hair. He could feel her presence in the letters she’d sent, but he didn’t dare open them. If he did that, he’d crack, and that was something he wouldn’t allow. Standing there in that alley, blinded by the lights of the police cruiser, he’d made his decision. He was determined to stick with it, even if it was becoming more difficult every day. The only way he could do that was to cut himself off. Cole knew that if he read Allison’s words, or talked to her on the phone, he’d lose his resolve.
At least his father understood. He’d questioned Cole’s decision, tried to talk him out of taking the fall for his friend, but in the end, he’d understood. His father had looked at him with a mixture of sorrow and pride. At that moment in time, Cole appreciated his father’s strength of character more than ever. It was ironic that they’d been brought closer together by this. His father had reluctantly agreed not to visit, a decision that had hurt them both more than they would admit.
He turned away from the fence with a sad smile and tried to think of something positive. A new instructor was arriving tomorrow. It was only basic carpentry, but Cole looked forward to anything that would make the days pass more quickly.
* * *
“I’m sorry, Allison.” Cole’s father sounded as discouraged as she felt. “But there’s no change. He still doesn’t want to see anyone.”
Christmas was a week away. Nothing made sense any more... especially time. Could it really be over a year ago that she and Cole had got together at Light Up? Sometimes that magical night seemed like years ago, and yet there were other times... like right now... when it seemed like yesterday.
“I suppose I didn’t really expect him to change.” Allison sighed. “But I had to call, just in case... because of Christmas... I hope you don’t mind.”
“No, not at all.” Mr. Slater put a smile in his voice. “It’s nice to talk to you, even if I don’t have good news.”
“Same here.” Marty Slater was her only link to Cole, and she was thankful that he was patient with her. “I might come down to Independence and stay with my friend Danielle over Christmas. I’ll stop in and say hello.”
“I’d like that.”
Allison disconnected, and willed the phone to ring. But she knew it wouldn’t. She had to stop tormenting herself, and get on with her life.
Ten weeks had gone by now. Trying to be positive, she told herself that she was ten weeks closer to Cole coming home. But in the meantime, she had to start being more active, if only to get out of the house and give Lindsey and Dennis more time to themselves. She had a suspicion that things weren’t going well between the newlyweds. She’d heard sharp words being exchanged on more than one occasion, and the uncertainty bothered her.
She hadn’t realized at the time, but her parents had been remarkably laid-back and loving. They’d teased each other and laughed constantly; Allison had thought all parents were like that. She understood that Dennis was under a fair amount of stress with his new job, but it seemed to her that he shouted needlessly at her sister, and put her down every chance he got. There were evenings when Allison told Lindsey she was meeting friends just to get out of the house. Instead, she’d go to the mall and sit in the food court with a book, or daydream about her future with Cole.
Yes, she decided. She’d take Dani up on her offer to visit between Christmas and New Year. Dani and Jason were still going strong, and she was eager to hear all their news, and to let her guard down for a few days.
“That’s a great idea.” Lindsey glanced at Dennis when Allison mentioned taking the bus to Independence. “A visit with Danielle will be fun for you.”
Dennis looked up from his laptop and raised an eyebrow. She knew he hadn’t approved of Cole before the robbery, although he’d never come out and said so. Now, however, he gave her that superior look every time Independence, or Cole’s name was mentioned. She was learning not to talk about either in his presence.
* * *
“I’m so glad to see you.” Dani enveloped Allison in a bear hug. She pulled back and studied her friend. “You look terrible.”
Allison had to laugh. What else was there to do? “I’ve been better, that’s for sure.” Jason picked up her bag and she nodded her thanks. “Do you mind if we stop by the hardware store for a moment? I promised Mr. Slater I’d pop in to say hello.”
“You’re in contact with him?”
“Every week.” Whether he knew it or not, Marty Slater had become an important part of Allison’s support system. Lindsey had been a rock when they lost their parents, but it had been Cole who propped her up, and with his abrupt departure she’d felt lost and adrift. “He’s been very supportive.”
Dani raised an eyebrow. “Cole still not allowing visitors?”
“Nope.”
Dani shoved her arm through Allison’s. “Don’t know why I asked. Timothy was whining the other day about the fact that Cole won’t let him visit.”
Allison felt a pang of guilt. “I confess I haven’t thought much about Tim. How is he getting along without Cole to stand up for him?”
They crossed the street and paused in front of the hardware store. “Surprisingly enough, he seems to have toughened up a bit. He signed up for TaeKwonDo and I think the bullies are giving him a wide berth. Would you look at that? Mr. Slater seems to have a lady friend.”
Dani was looking through the windows of the hardware, and Allison did the same. Marty Slater was grinning like a schoolboy at an attractive woman. As they watched, she leaned forward and kissed him on the cheek.
“He looks good.” Allison’s voice was clogged with emotion. “I’m happy for him.” She made a face. “Do you think I should go in?”
“Of course.” Dani pushed open the door and dragged her forward. “Hi, Mr. Slater. Merry Christmas.”
“Allison.” He came forward, his hand at the woman’s waist. “Marnie, I’d like you to meet Allison Ransome, a friend of Cole’s. And this is her friend, Danielle Flynn.”
The woman smiled. “I’ve heard all about you. It’s good to finally meet you.”
“Thank you.” She turned to Mr. Slater. “Did you have a good Christmas?” The unspoken question hung in the air between them, but he gave his head a subtle shake. “As well as can be expected.” He smiled at the woman by his side. “Marnie and I had Christmas dinner together.”
“That’s great.” She held out her hand. “I just wanted to wish you all the best.”
“Thank you, and the same to you.” He held her hand for a moment longer than necessary, and looked deeply into her eyes. “I’ll call you if I hear anything. Anything at all.”
Was he trying to tell her to stop calling? No... she didn’t think that was the case. But perhaps he was trying to tell her that she should start living again, and not base every decision, make every move around what might happen with Cole. She didn’t know if that was possible, but it was something to think about.
* * *
“... that we might go skating tomorrow. I have an extra pair of skates.”
“Huh?” Allison realized she hadn’t been paying attention. “Sorry, Dani, my mind was somewhere else.”
Dani shot a quick glance at Jason, then turned her attention back to Allison. “I know you miss him Al, but...” She spread her hands. “...life goes on.”
Allison felt the burn of tears behind her eyes and turned away. “You’re right.” She forced a smile. “I was just thinking the same thing. Cole wouldn’t want me to put my life on hold this way.”
“Exactly right! So let’s do nothing but fun stuff for the next couple of days. You’ll be back in Cherryvale soon enough.”
* * *
“Thanks for picking me up.” Allison claimed her bag at the bus depot and followed Lindsey to the car. “How have you been?”
“Great.” Her sister spoke with more enthusiasm that she’d heard for a while. “Dennis got a promotion. It means more travel for him, but that’s the way it goes when you’re climbing the corporate ladder.”
“I guess.” Allison only wanted her sister to be happy. They drove in silence for a while.
“I was wondering.” Allison spoke tentatively. “What do you think about me joining the Dance Club? They’re starting another group in February.”
Lindsey bit her bottom lip. It was something she did when she was thinking. “Are you going to quit the convenience store?”
“I wasn’t planning to. The Dance Club is only one night a week, and it falls on a night when I don’t work.” Now that she’d brought it up, she realized it was something she wanted. “I’m getting good marks as well.”
Lindsey smiled. “I know, and I think it’s a great idea.” She turned off the highway and into their subdivision. “That’s one advantage of going to a larger school. We didn’t have clubs like that.”
Allison studied her sister. “Do you ever wish you were my age again?”
Lindsey looked horrified. “Heavens, no. Being a teenager is tough. Who’d want to do it twice?”
“You have a point.”
Lindsey slowed as they passed a school. “Even back in high school I knew what I wanted.”
“Really? What was that?”
“I wanted to get married and have children.” She swallowed. “Our mother was so great. I wanted to be just like her, except I wanted three children. Two boys and a girl. Boys first, then the girl.”
It was amazing how her sister’s features softened when she spoke about becoming a mother. “You had it all planned out,” said Allison. “Any luck in that department?”
“Not yet.” Lindsey’s hands tightened on the steering wheel. “But it’s only been six months.”
“It’ll happen.” It seemed like the right thing to say, even though Allison had no idea what she was talking about.
“I hope so.” Lindsey turned into their street. “Here we are.”
Chapter Seven
Allison almost didn’t go to the first night of the dance class. She’d been looking forward to it ever since signing up, but on the day of the class she had an attack of the guilts. Somewhere in the back of her mind a little voice whispered in her ear... telling her that she shouldn’t be enjoying herself without Cole.
Fortunately, the rational side of her brain told her she was being ridiculous. She couldn’t stay home forever, and besides, the class was starting by learning the jive. She’d seen it done properly only in movies, and it looked like fun. Plus, there was a minimum amount of touching your partner. That was something she could get behind.
By the time the class was over, she was relaxed and laughing.
“That was fun, wasn’t it?” Holly Cameron was pulling on fur-lined gloves made from supple leather. Allison wasn’t sure, but her stylish coat looked like cashmere. Someone had whispered that she was one of ‘the’ Camerons, the family that owned a large lumber mill on the west side of town.
Allison looked around. She was the only one left in the cloak room, so Holly must be talking to her.
“Yes,” she said. “I wasn’t sure at first, but I enjoyed myself.”
“Are you coming?” Holly tilted her head toward the door. “We’re going for coffee.”
“I don’t know.” Allison hung back.
“Come on. There’s a whole gang of us. Someone can give you a ride home later.”
“Okay.” Allison hadn’t realized how much she missed having a friend to talk to. They walked out together and crowded into the back seat of an SUV.
* * *
Allison was surprised when Holly sat with her in the cafeteria the next day.
“You’re a good dancer,” she said, eliciting a blush from Allison.
“I’ll consider that a compliment, coming from you.” Holly excelled at everything she did, and Allison wondered what it was like to be so supremely confident.
“Well, you are.” Holly picked at her salad. “When my brother comes home from college next week for Spring Break we’re going to have a big party. I hope you’ll come.”
“A party?” Allison couldn’t remember the last time she’d been to a party.
“Yeah. He’s in his third year, and we’ve had one every year.” She leaned forward and lowered her voice. “He’s bringing a couple of guys from the house. If it’s the same ones from last year, they’re hot.”
“The house?”
Holly gave her an impatient look. “They’re in a fraternity. They live in a frat house about half a mile off campus.”
She knew it was useless to try to appear worldly. “I don’t know, Holly. I’m not much for parties.”
“Are you going with someone?”
Allison thought of Cole. There was no way she was going to tell Holly about him. “No, nothing like that.” She had to admit the idea sounded like fun, but she had a feeling she might be in over her head with this crowd. “I might as well tell you... I don’t drink.” She gave a short laugh. “Compared to you, I’m just a country girl.”
Holly brushed aside her concern with a wave of her hand. “That’s okay. Not everybody drinks. We dance, and play games.” She brightened. “You and I could show everyone how to jive. Just say you’ll think about it, and I’ll hold a room in the guesthouse for you.”
“You have a guesthouse?”
“Yeah.” She rolled her eyes. “Sean is number two son. Mom and Dad got tired of Ty bringing his friends home and having to find somewhere for them to sleep, so they built the guest house.”
“Must be nice.”
Holly laughed at Allison’s wry tone. “It works for us.”
* * *
“Wow. Sounds impressive.” Dani had been uncharacteristically silent while Allison told her about the upcoming weekend. 
“What is it?” She sensed her friend’s disapproval. “Do you think I shouldn’t go?”
“No.” Dani was quick to respond. “It’s not that at all. As a matter of fact, I think it’s a good thing.”
“Then what aren’t you saying?”
“Just be careful with those older guys, okay? Your only experience is with Cole, and he’s one in a million.”
“Except when it comes to answering my letters.” Cole’s continued silence hurt Allison more than she cared to admit. “But I hear what you’re saying.”
“Good. Then have a great time.”
* * *
Holly extended the invitation to include Friday night. “It’s just family on Friday,” she said. “You can get to know Sean and his friends before the big party, but I warn you. I have dibs on Nate.”
Allison sensed something different about Sean and his room-mates the moment she met them. These were the type of young men who went through life as though they were entitled to the best of everything. Even Allison’s comparatively inexperienced eye could appreciate the way their clothes fit, and their confident movements as they paced around the pool table, lining up their shots.
Holly wasted no time latching on to Nate. Like Sean, he was tall and well muscled. Holly squeezed his biceps playfully. “All of this from rowing?” she teased.
Nate looked down at her, amusement flashing in his dark brown eyes. “Pretty well.” He gestured to the other two young men. “We all work hard at it.”
Allison wondered if she’d misjudged them. Rowing was a demanding sport. She turned to Derek, who had remained silent so far. “What about you? Do you enjoy it?”
His eyes flicked over her, then away. “I enjoy winning.” He brought his gaze back to her. “And I hate losing.”
She nodded, at a loss for words, and he got up and left the room.
“Ignore him.” Sean reached behind the bar for another beer. “His girlfriend dumped him last week and he hasn’t been the same since.”
“I see,” Allison murmured. “He’s mad at his former girlfriend, so he’s rude to me.”
Sean laughed. “That’s about right. He’ll probably apologize tomorrow for being such a prick.” He handed her a cue. “Here, let’s have a game.”
* * *
Allison found herself watching for Derek the next day. He intrigued her, and she wasn’t sure why. He was attractive in a dark, brooding way, but there was no doubt that he was aware of just how good-looking he was, which was a bit of a turn-off. So why did she look up every time someone came into the room? She was glad when the guests started to arrive, and she was soon engrossed in a take-no-prisoners game of Scrabble.
Later in the afternoon caterers arrived and set up a buffet table with a wide assortment of finger food. Two of the catering staff members remained on site – one to grill hamburgers on the outdoor grill, and one to tend bar. Guests roamed all over the house, spilling out onto the massive patio to claim a hamburger and then ducking back inside to warm up again. Downstairs, adjacent to the pool table, a fire crackled in a fireplace as night fell.
“Come on, Sis! Show us what you’ve learned at dance class.” Sean stepped away from the pool table, where he was teaching two girls to play. He looked toward an area that had been cleared for dancing, where an old-fashioned disco ball rotated slowly, bouncing shards of light off the adjacent walls.
Holly detached herself from Nate’s side and beckoned Allison to join her. “Okay, but it’s more fun with a couple of guys.” She winked at Nate. “You’re next.”
Applause greeted them as they came breathlessly to a stop. During the dance, Allison had noticed Derek doing his Heathcliff impersonation in a corner of the room. Head tilted to one side, he’d followed her progression around the dance floor. The intensity of his gaze unnerved her, and she waited for him to approach. When he made no move, she finally walked over and held out a hand. “Want to give it a whirl?”
He looked at her hand, and then into her eyes. “Okay,” he said, and led her out onto the dance floor.
They moved remarkably well together, and when the dance ended, he caught her to his chest.
“How was I?” he asked, and she caught a hint of something behind his eyes.
“You were good,” she said, trying to pull out of his grasp. “I’m surprised.”
He leaned down and brushed his lips against her temple. “Oh, I’m full of surprises.” He released her, and she took a small step back, mesmerized by his closeness, his scent.
“I’m sure you are,” she said shakily. Was she flirting with him? That wouldn’t do... and yet it felt good to be held by a man, even one she didn’t know very well.
A slow song came on and he pulled her back into his arms as though they’d been dancing all their lives. Her head fit perfectly under his chin, and she could hear a soft rumble in his throat as he hummed along with the lyrics. When the dance ended, they were still swaying in the centre of the floor, lost in the moment.
“Hey you guys, get a room!” someone shouted.
Allison laughed nervously, and pulled back. Derek looked down at her with unfocused eyes, and for a moment he didn’t seem to recognize her. “What’s your name again?” he asked softly.
Allison knew she should be insulted, but the way he said it made her knees weaken. “Allison,” she said.
“Well, Allison,” he said, still holding one hand, “let’s find a drink.”
They wandered over to the bar. “Beer for me,” he said, before turning to Allison. “What about you?”
“Thanks, but I don’t drink.”
“What?” he pulled back in mock horror. “Never?”
She scanned the bottles behind the bar. “I suppose I could try a glass of wine.” She gave him a tentative smile, then turned to the bartender. “White wine, please.”
“There, you see?” He took the glass from the bartender and passed it to her. “That wasn’t so hard, was it? Come on, let’s sit by the fire.” He settled her on the couch, then sank onto the floor beside her and draped an arm possessively over her leg. “Nice,” he murmured, trailing his fingers up her calf, then back down to her foot. “Very nice.”
Startled by the feelings he was arousing, Allison took a gulp of wine and choked.
She recovered to find him looking at her with an impatient expression. But it passed and he leaned solicitously toward her. “Okay?”
She looked around for a place to set the wine. “I’m just not used to it.”
He set his beer bottle on the hearth and jumped up. “Tell you what,” he said. “I’ll put some club soda in it; make it into a spritzer. You’ll like that.”
“No...” She tried to protest, but he’d already snatched the glass from her hand.
“Club soda,” he said to the bartender, and then stepped away from the bar. “I can see you’re busy, I’ll fix it.” He walked to the end of the bar, away from the crowd, and popped the can.
Allison stared into the fire, wondering what was taking him so long. She was wishing she hadn’t asked him to dance; he made her nervous with his odd mood swings. Cole had always been so reliable, so steady. She didn’t know what to make of Derek.
“Here you are.” He handed her the glass, picked up his beer and settled beside her on the couch. “I poured out most of the wine. Try it.”
She took a tentative sip, and smiled. “Not bad.” She took another sip, just to show him it was all right. She had no idea what to talk to him about, and was trying to think of something when he put his arm around her shoulders. She pulled away, suddenly aware that she’d given him the wrong impression, and took another sip of wine. “Derek,” she said tentatively. “I have a boyfriend.”
His eyes went flat and a chill crept down her spine. He made a great show of looking around. “Where is he, then?”
Allison was humiliated. Instinct had told her to stay away from him, but she hadn’t listened. What had happened to her good sense?
“He doesn’t live here,” she murmured, “but we’re serious.”
“Christ,” he said through clenched teeth, keeping his voice low. “Just what I need, another cock tease.”
Allison stared at him, horrified. “I am not...”
“Yeah, yeah, that’s what they all say.” He glared at her. “Just finish your drink.”
Shocked at his outburst, she drained her glass. There was only one thing to do, and that was walk away. This situation could only get worse.
“I’m sorry,” he said abruptly, twirling a strand of her hair around his fingers. “I shouldn’t have said that.” He was peering into her eyes, as though waiting for her to say something. “I’ve had a bad week.”
She closed her eyes for a moment, completely off balance. But in spite of his half-hearted apology, she felt uneasy; she had to get out of there.
When she opened her eyes, his face was going in and out of focus, and if she wasn’t mistaken, there was a triumphant gleam in his eyes.
“Listen, Derek...” She was having trouble forming her words. She tried again. “Listen, I’d better go.” She tried to stand up. “It’s the wine...”
“Here, Babe. Let me help you up.” He was speaking louder now, and she tried focus again, aware that he was talking unnaturally loud, so everyone could hear. He took her arm in a vice-like grip and she stared down at his hand. He was hurting her, and she opened her mouth to complain, but couldn’t form the words.
“Too much wine, I guess.” His voice was coming to her through a long tunnel. “I’ll just take her back to her room.” A strong arm went around her waist, and he hustled her outside and along the path to the guest house.
“Which room is yours?”
She gestured around to the entrance at the side of the building. By now she could barely stand, and he helped her inside and locked the door behind them.
“Okay, bitch. Let’s see what you’ve got.” He grabbed her breast and gave it a painful squeeze. “Nice.”
She tried to back away, but almost fell. He caught her, carried her into the bedroom, and pulled back the duvet before dropping her onto the sheets.
The last thing she remembered, he’d torn off his shirt and was removing his slacks. Then oblivion claimed her.
Chapter Eight
Allison woke with a pounding head. Where was she? She looked around, not recognizing the room. Her body ached in places she didn’t know existed, but before she could take inventory, her stomach roiled. She raced to the bathroom as fast as her unsteady legs would carry her, and retched in the toilet.
Sitting naked on the bathroom floor, she looked around again, trying to remember where she was, and it slowly came back to her. She was at Holly’s place. She dragged herself to her feet and looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror. She looked terrible! And those bruises on her arms... where had they come from? As she stood there, grasping the counter to steady herself, she became aware that she was sticky between her legs. She was having a hard time remembering, but she was quite sure she wasn’t due to have her period... what could it be? She touched her thighs, but whatever it was had dried. And there was an unfamiliar smell...
Staring into the mirror with unseeing eyes, she tried to recall what had happened last night. Her memory, usually so reliable, had been shattered into a million pieces. Here and there a word, an action remained, but they were too disjointed to make any sense.
Tears began to roll down her cheeks, bringing her back to the present, back to reality. She might not be as experienced, or as worldly as other girls her age, but she wasn’t stupid. She knew what had happened.
She staggered back to the bed and stared at the evidence. A smear of blood stood out starkly against the white sheets. It was all she needed to see; she pulled up the sheet to cover it, barely registering the puddle of pink-stained semen.
Feeling as though she’d been punched in the gut, she grabbed her stomach, sat on the edge of the bed, and then slid down to the floor. Her heart pounded so hard she thought she might be sick again.
Why couldn’t she remember? She had to concentrate, to figure out the sequence of events, but everything was a blur. He stomach churned again and she crawled back into the bathroom. As she clutched the toilet bowl, she tried to remember what she had eaten, but that’s what didn’t make sense... yesterday she hadn’t eaten since breakfast. The only thing she’d had was the glass of diluted wine. At least she could remember that. She also remembered dancing with Holly, and with Derek, but beyond that...
Wait! Fragments of memories taunted her. How her instincts had told her to get away from Derek; how she’d somehow known he was dangerous. But beyond that, she had no specific recollections. She pounded her fist against the tiled floor in frustration as the reality of her situation started to sink in. Derek had put something in her drink; roofies, she imagined, and she’d been a victim of date rape. But that was something she’d read about... it didn’t happen to girls like her. She’d never felt so hopeless... so alone, in her life.
The shower beckoned and she dragged herself up, turned on the hot water and let the heat ease her aches and pains. But no amount of water could soothe the ache in her heart and her tears fell again as she thought of Cole. How was she ever going to explain this to him? She ached to tell him what had happened; he would understand, wouldn’t he?
She turned her face up to the hot water and let it beat down. How could she doubt him, especially now, when she needed him the most?
No! She couldn’t allow herself to feel that way. She turned off the water and towelled herself dry. If only it was this easy to banish the self-doubt that had been creeping up on her since the moment she awoke.
* * *
Heartbroken or not, Allison had no intention of letting Derek get away with what he had done. She pulled on her jeans and a turtle neck sweater, tied her hair back in a loose braid and walked to the main house. It was already almost eleven; Sean and his friends were due to go back to Vancouver today, and she hoped they hadn’t left yet.
She spotted them through the sliding glass doors leading to the rec room. They were huddled by the pool table. Thankfully, Holly was with them; Allison could use another woman for support. It was going to take every ounce of strength she possessed to face her attacker.
She slid the door open and they all turned toward her. Derek broke away from the group and came toward her. “Good morning, Babe. How are you feeling this morning?”
She was thrown off by his friendly tone of voice, but then she saw the look of triumph in his eyes. In a moment of startling clarity, she knew that this wasn’t the first time Sean’s friend had done this. Well, she wasn’t going to let him get away with it.
“How dare you call me Babe?” Her fingers itched to slap him across his smug face, but she had to keep control. She poked him in the chest with a finger. “You raped me last night!”
His smile was lazy and confident. “Excuse me? I raped you?” he turned to the others. “Did you hear that? She was begging for it.” He chuckled softly. “She couldn’t wait to get my clothes off and now she says I raped her!”
Holly moved to stand between her brother and Nate. All three looked at her blankly. It was as though they’d prepared themselves not to respond.
Sean pushed away from the pool table and took a few steps forward. “You two did look pretty lovey-dovey last night.” Something about the expression on his face didn’t ring true.
Derek placed a hand on his chest, as though he’d been wounded. “Listen, Babe, I’m sorry if you’re having second thoughts. It seemed to me we had a good thing going, but really...” His voice trailed off. “You don’t need to make such ridiculous accusations.”
Allison looked from Derek to Sean, then over to Holly. “Ridiculous accusations? Holly, you can see he’s lying.” She was pleading, but she didn’t care. This was her reputation at stake. “Tell me you don’t believe him.”
The girl she thought was her friend gave her a sad look. “Allison, you were pretty friendly with him last night.”
“I danced with him and that gives him the right to rape me?” She couldn’t believe her ears. “Holly.” She walked toward the other woman. “I was a virgin, and he raped me.” She hadn’t meant to divulge that, but neither Holly nor the other two reacted. No doubt Derek had already boasted about that little detail.
For a split-second she thought she saw pity behind Holly’s eyes. And then the realization hit her; Derek had concocted his spiteful story, and they’d chosen to stand behind him. She looked from Holly to Nate. “I don’t know what he’s told you, but it’s not true.” She turned and pointed a shaking finger at Derek. “He raped me.”
They’d chosen sides; she could see it in their eyes, but that didn’t deter her.
“I’m sorry you feel you have to back him up, but I have to do what’s right.” She turned toward Derek and Sean. “I’m going to the police to report this.”
Derek didn’t show the slightest fear. Instead, he gave her another lazy smile. “I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“And why not?”
“Come on, Allison. Grow up.” She really wanted to smack him now, but she was stunned by the expression on his face. His gaze slid around the room. “I can come up with any number of people who will testify that you willingly spread your legs for them.”
She swung at him, but he caught her by the wrist, his grip firm. He pulled her close, his lips close to her ear, his voice low and threatening. “Don’t even think about it.” He released her arm and she dropped it, all too aware that she’d have another bruise.
“Holly.” Derek spoke in a conversational tone. “Call a taxi for Allison, would you? I think she’s leaving now.”
Allison studied the wall of faces surrounding her. She’d been foolish to think that these people were her friends... that they cared about her. When the chips were down, they backed each other, no matter what. She hated to admit it, but she was beaten.
* * *
It took Allison only moments to gather her belongings and throw them into her bag. She wandered through the now empty rec room and out the front door, where Sean stood beside a waiting taxi. He shoved some bills into the driver’s hand, but couldn’t bring himself to look at her as the car pulled away. She turned and looked out the back window. He was still there, but his face betrayed no emotion. Then, as she watched, he turned and walked away.
* * *
Allison thanked the driver and entered the house through the carport. She hadn’t decided yet what she was going to say to Lindsey. The hurt, both physical and emotional, was too new... too raw. She needed to spend some time by herself and do some serious thinking.
The house was eerily quiet.
“Lins?” she called, checking the kitchen and the living room. “Are you home?”
Met with silence, she walked back into the kitchen. There, on the kitchen table, was a hastily scrawled note. She barely recognized her sister’s writing.
Gone to the hospital. L
She ran back out into the carport. The taxi driver was still in the driveway, speaking to his dispatcher on the car radio. She ran to his window. “Can you take me to the hospital?”
He nodded.
She ran back inside, grabbed her purse and was back in the taxi within moments.
“Is everything okay?” he asked, looking at her in the rear view mirror.
“”Huh?” She’d been wondering the same thing. “I don’t know. My sister just left me a note. Please drop me off at Emergency.”
The driver refused payment when he pulled up under the porte cochere. “Your friend up at The Heights gave me far more money than necessary,” he said. “I’m covered.”
She shoved her money back in her purse and ran inside. It took several frantic minutes until she was able to determine that Lindsey had been in Emergency. A slender woman in a tailored white shirt and grey slacks took her by the arm. “I understand you’re Mrs. Lawson’s sister? I’m Doctor Fox.” She fingered the stethoscope around her neck. “Your sister has had a miscarriage, and she’s been taken up to surgery.”
“I didn’t even know she was pregnant. Is she all right?” Allison looked around. “Is Dennis here?”
“That’s her husband, right?”
Allison nodded.
“She’ll be fine, but she seemed disturbed that she couldn’t reach him. It’s Sunday morning...” She looked at her watch. “At least it was morning when she came in. She said he should be on the golf course, but she didn’t bring her cell phone and in her panic she couldn’t remember his number. Could you track him down? I know she’d feel a lot better if he was here when she comes out of surgery.”
“I’ll give it a try. Will I be able to see her?”
“Yes, but it’ll be a couple of hours yet.” The Doctor gave her instructions on where to wait on the third floor. “And I hope you find her husband.”
It took several rings for Dennis to answer. “What?” he said. 
Allison bit back a remark. Sometimes she loathed the way Dennis spoke to her, but this wasn’t the time for arguments. “Dennis, Lindsey is in the hospital, in surgery.”
“What? Just a minute.” She heard him speaking to his friends. “I’ll catch up,” he said, then came back to her. “In the hospital? What for?”
It wasn’t her place to tell him, but she couldn’t see a way around it. “She’s had a miscarriage.”
“Oh, Christ. What next?”
“Dennis!”
“It’s just that... oh, never mind.” He paused for a moment. “I suppose she’s asking for me?”
Allison stifled a groan. “What do you think?”
“Yeah, okay.” Another silence. “Is she out of surgery yet?”
Allison was tempted to lie, but where would that get her? “The doctor says it will be another couple of hours before I can see her.”
“Oh, good. It’s... almost one thirty. I’ll be there by three. How does that sound?”
Allison wanted to reach out and strangle him, but she managed to hold her temper. “The sooner  the better. If she wakes up before then, I’ll tell her you’re on your way.”
“Okay.” She could hear him thinking. “Thanks, Allison.” He disconnected.
Allison’s stomach growled and she realized that she hadn’t eaten in over twenty-four hours. She took the elevator to the third floor. Compared to the hectic atmosphere in Emergency, it was calm. Even the colours were calm. The nurse at the desk checked the records and assured her that Lindsey wouldn’t be ‘down’ for at least another hour.
“I’ll be in the cafeteria,” she said, and left her cell number.
Chapter Nine
The sight of food was almost more than Allison could stand, but she forced herself to put a piece of pie and a cup of coffee on her tray, and headed toward a table in the farthest corner of the room. She passed a young couple who looked as though they’d been waiting around a long time. The woman’s face was gaunt with worry and the young man reached out and touched her gently on the arm. She grabbed his hand and held on.
Allison’s heart lurched at the sight of such tenderness, and her throat tightened. Would she ever again be able to share that type of closeness with a man? Since finding Lindsey’s note, it had been easy to avoid thinking about what had happened last night. But sooner or later, she’d have to accept that her life had changed in those few hours. 
She tried to drink the coffee, but it was too hot. Perhaps it was too soon to try to make sense of her own situation, but she’d never believed in avoidance as a way of dealing with things. 
She took a forkful of apple pie and forced herself to swallow. Her initial reaction to not being able to remember last night had been frustration, but on second thought, forgetting might be a blessing in disguise. They’d been warned about date rape drugs in school, and she knew that the reason so few cases were prosecuted was because the victim couldn’t remember enough details to make a case. She lowered her head and stared unseeing at the pie. She may not be able to remember the details of the rape, but she would never forget the horror she felt when Holly and her brother turn on her, or the feeling of helplessness when Derek had threatened to say she’d been with other men.
Sickened, she pushed the food away and picked up the coffee mug, cradling it to warm her hands. She had always trusted people; she’d had no reason not to. Brought up by loving, supportive parents, she’d been taught to look for the best in people. Maybe her life up until now had been a fairy tale, but as of today, that part of her life was over. She’d seen the dark side of human nature, and in the process, a big chunk of brightness had been stripped from her life. She sipped the coffee and gazed into the distance.
Her cell phone rang, and she picked it up.
It was the nurse in the recovery suite. “Hi, Allison. Your sister has come down from surgery a bit early. You can come up any time.”
She pushed away from the table, and the coffee sloshed over the edge of the cup, but for once she didn’t stop to clean it up. All she could focus on was getting to Lindsey’s side.
“Right down the hall.” The nurse’s smile was encouraging. “Recovery room five.”
Allison paused for a few moments to compose herself, then pushed open the door. Lindsey’s eyes were closed, and she looked pale and thin. An IV was taped to the back of her left hand, and she touched it lightly, noticing the dark blood under the skin around the injection site. Her sister’s chest barely rose and fell as she breathed.
Allison pulled up a chair and slid her fingers under her sister’s palm. It felt good to be touching her, and she was painfully reminded that Lindsey was her only remaining family.
For the first time since the loss of their parents, she found herself wondering if Lindsey was where she wanted to be. In the aftermath of their parents’ death, resulting in the move to Cherryvale, and Lindsey and Dennis’ marriage, she’d assumed that Lindsey was happy. Would her sister have settled down so quickly if things had stayed as they were? She didn’t know, but she had ears and it seemed to her that her sister and Dennis argued a lot for newlyweds. And then there was his attitude today when she’d called...
The door opened and Dennis walked in, his steps tentative. Allison stood up and moved so he could get closer.
He stopped beside the bed and looked down. Was that love in his eyes? Allison didn’t know if she’d recognize love any more. She’d known love with Cole, but that seemed like such a long time ago...
“Has she woken yet?”
Allison shook her head. “Not yet.”
At that moment, Lindsey’s eyes opened. She focused on Dennis, smiled and reached for his hand. Allison’s heart swelled at the sight, and she turned aside, giving them privacy. She had no idea what was going on between her sister and her husband, but it was clear that Lindsey loved him. Allison slipped out the door, and leaned against the wall. She’d been running on adrenaline since she woke up this morning, and felt like she was about to crash.
A nurse went into the room and moments later, Dennis came out. “The nurse says she’ll probably sleep for a few more hours, but she’s going to be fine. Shall I drop you off at home?”
“Okay, thanks. I’ll just go in and tell her I’ll be back later.”
Lindsey’s eyes were closed when she went back in the room, but she opened them and smiled. “Hi, Sis.”
“Hi. The nurse suggested we leave for a few hours. We’ll be back later, okay?”
Lindsey nodded. “Sounds good.” Her eyes started to close, then she reached for Allison’s hand. “Bring me my toothbrush and stuff like that, okay?”
Allison grinned. “Will do.”
Dennis was silent most of the way home. As they were about to turn into the driveway, he finally spoke. “Sorry if I was a bit abrupt when you called.”
Allison hid her surprise. She couldn’t remember him ever apologizing for anything. “That’s okay.” She hated to say those words, because it wasn’t really okay, but after the day she’d had, she didn’t need any more friction.
He pulled into the driveway and left the engine running. “I’m going back to the golf course to have a drink with the guys. What time shall I pick you up?”
She thought for a moment. “I can go on the bus. That way we don’t have to rely on each other.”
He brightened. “Okay. See you later.”
Allison walked into the kitchen, spotted Lindsey’s note and crumpled it in her hand. Sunday was usually her day to write to Cole, but she was afraid that he’d read between the lines and know there was something wrong. Sick at heart, she went to her bedroom and lay down on her bed. She wouldn’t sleep, but the day’s events had robbed her of energy. She closed her eyes, just for a moment...
* * *
The sun painted broad brush strokes of light on the wall where it streamed in between the blinds. Allison sat up abruptly, and her head reeled. What was she doing sleeping in the middle of the afternoon? She swung her legs out of bed, and everything came back to her. She grabbed her pillow, scrunched it against her stomach, and rocked back and forth, staring at the slowly moving pattern on the wall.
Why wasn’t she crying? What was the matter with her?
She knew the answer. Part of her heart was missing; the gentle, trusting part that made her who she used to be. Once ripped out, did that part of the heart ever grow back? She doubted it... and maybe that was just as well. She would go on living... she had to... but never again would anyone take advantage of her. She would guard what was left of her heart with her life. The only person now who could help her truly heal was Cole, and it had been five months since he’d cut himself off from the world. Five long months when she’d missed him, thought of him, every day.  
Slowly, she stopped rocking. She would get through this, and whether he realized it or not, Cole would help her. When he got back, he would put her doubts to rest and life would start again. In the meantime, she’d hold tight to the love she felt for him, and keep putting one foot in front of the other. What else was there to do?
She checked her appearance in the mirror, tidied her hair, and went to get the bus.
* * *
Lindsey was awake when she arrived at the hospital.
“Hi,” she said, looking past Allison. “Is Dennis with you?”
“’Fraid not.” Allison pulled up a chair. “We decided to come separately.”
Her sister lay back, deflated a little. “Oh.” Tears welled up in her eyes and she reached for Allison’s hand. “The surgeon was just in a while ago.” Her grip tightened. “Allison, I’m not going to be able to have children. He had to do an emergency hysterectomy.” A tear rolled down the side of her cheek and she turned her head away.
The heartbreak in her sister’s voice was difficult to hear. Especially since she knew how badly she wanted children. She held out the small box of tissues that sat beside the bed. Lindsey grabbed a couple and dabbed at her eyes. “It’s just...” fresh tears streamed down her face. “I wanted children so badly.”
“I know, Lins.” It seemed like such an inadequate reply, but what could she say? This was surely not the time to mention adoption. “You’d be such a fantastic mother, too.”
Her sister gave her a weak smile. “I would, wouldn’t I?” She waved the hand holding the tissue. “That’s why it’s not fair.” She glanced toward the door. “I don’t imagine Dennis will mind. I think he was only going along with all this to please me.”
“He loves you, Lins. At least you have that.”
She nodded. “I suppose he went back to the golf club?”
Allison thought quickly. What was the point of lying? “Yeah, I think so.”
“Will you ask the nurse if I’m allowed to have something to drink? Let’s have a cup of tea together.”
The sisters sat quietly, drank their tea, and talked about their parents, their childhood, and their futures. The sun lowered in the sky as they laughed softly and shared memories, bonding together on one of the unhappiest days of both of their lives.
Chapter Ten
Allison didn’t look forward to facing Holly when she went to school on Tuesday. She’d stayed home on Monday to be there for Lindsey, who was released from the hospital in mid-morning.
A crowd of girls were clustered around Holly’s desk when Allison entered her homeroom. They turned and stared at her for a moment, their eyes raking over her like sharp talons. She’d thought she could handle anything, but nothing prepared her for the looks on their faces. Her heart leaped into her throat, but she held onto her emotions and took her seat.
It was that way all week. Both in class and out, her fellow students stared at her and whispered behind their hands. Even the nicest students... the ones who never gossiped or bullied, avoided her as though she was contagious. The rumours, whispered loudly enough that she could hear, seemed to take on a life of their own, and there were times she found herself almost believing them. She was tempted to confront Holly, but what good would that do? The damage had been done, and in spite of her determination to get through this, her confidence was slowly being eroded. It was bad enough that she was cut off from Cole, but now her so-called friends at school had turned their backs on her as well. 
Thankfully, the weather was warming up, so she started taking her lunch and eating outside, telling Lindsey that she wanted to avoid cafeteria food and lose weight.
“But Allison,” her sister said, pulling back to look at her. “Are you sure you’re not overdoing it? You already look thin.”
“I’m fine. By the way, I’ll be late tonight. Dance club.”
Lindsey nodded. “You enjoy that, don’t you?”
“It’s fun.” Or it had been, but she didn’t need to bother her sister with that. She’d taken to spending those hours in a quiet corner of the library. Exams would be coming up in a couple of months, and she wanted to make Cole proud with her marks.
She continued to write to him, spinning imaginary tales of school activities. She was becoming adept at describing her new friends, even going so far as to relate imaginary conversations she’d had with them. She hated lying to him, but refused to burden him with her problems. There’d be time enough for that when he came home. Her life was a matter of waiting now, and as Easter passed and she turned the calendar into May, she was hit by a chilling realization.
Her hand stilled. She flipped back the calendar pages to March, and her finger landed on the last day of Spring Break. Fingers of dread crept down her spine. She hadn’t had her period since early March, and it was May now.
She stared at the calendar. The idea of trying to relive that night filled her with horror, but she had to try. She’d been avoiding dredging up the faint memories that lingered around the edge of her consciousness, but it was time. It had never occurred to her that Derek didn’t use a condom. She’d been compartmentalizing her emotions, dealing with one thing at a time, but how could she have missed this? The cold, hard truth was that he cared nothing for her; why should he use protection?
Try as she might, she remembered nothing. And then, somewhere in the corner of her mind, she remembered the semen in the bed. Along with everything else, she’d managed to block that out.
She almost retched. This couldn’t be happening. Hadn’t she suffered enough? She flicked the calendar pages back and forth, as though doing so would change the facts. But no, the weeks had passed. She hadn’t experienced any morning sickness, but then she knew that not every pregnant woman was afflicted. She placed a hand on her stomach and looked down. Was there really a life in there?
“Calm down.” She spoke out loud. “You’re getting ahead of yourself.”
But her worst fears were realized when she bought a pregnancy test, and then another. Waiting for the second one, she knew without a doubt that it would be the same as the first. She was right... she was pregnant. Her world tilted. She may not be able to remember everything that had happened, but she knew one thing: her life would never be the same.
* * *
“Damn.” Cole pulled his hand back. He’d just hit the side of his thumb with the hammer, and gave it a brisk shake to relieve the pain.
“Let’s see that.” The woodworking instructor inspected the damage. “You’ll have a nice blood blister, but you’ll live.”
Cole nodded. This was the part of the day he enjoyed. Every afternoon, the men who had been accepted for the course were encouraged to build something under the supervision of the instructor. Mornings were reserved for learning construction logistics, with a focus on standards and practices, but there was only so much a man could learn in a classroom.
Jack Bridger remained at his side and Cole shot him a questioning look.
“Something wrong, Cole?”
Cole scowled. He liked the man, but that was the problem. Sometimes he felt as though Jack could see inside his head, and that was a place he didn’t want anyone going. It was crowded enough with his own memories; there was no room for anyone else to dig around.
“I’m cool.” He turned away before Jack could look in his eyes. The man was far too perceptive.
Not to mention persistent. “It’s just that you’ve seemed distracted the last month or so.” Jack gestured toward the table saws. “This isn’t a good place to lose your concentration.” He grinned to soften his words. “At least not on my watch.”
Cole forced a chuckle and made himself look directly at the instructor. “Good point. Sorry, Chief.” It hadn’t taken him long to learn that here in lockup, saying sorry rocked people back on their heels. They were accustomed to aggression, and didn’t know how to handle him.
“All right then.” Jack was still watching. “Let me know if you need to talk.”
Cole nodded. When hell freezes over, he thought to himself. If he started to spill his guts now, he’d never stop, and where would that leave him? Empty, and still in the same position.
“Okay, everyone. That’s it for today. Let’s clean up.” The instructor clapped his hands.
Cole realized he’d been holding his breath, exhaled slowly, and grabbed a broom. Call him crazy, but he enjoyed cleaning up. The other men usually hung around for a few moments and then drifted away. That suited Cole just fine; there was something about checking that the tools were all in their proper spots, and leaving the shop tidy for the next time, that filled him with a sense of accomplishment. A small gift to himself for surviving another week without losing his mind.
It was two months since Allison’s letters had stopped. He hadn’t realized how much he looked forward to receiving them, even though he still hadn’t opened one. They sat on his shelf; one for each week that went by; a calendar of sorts. In the beginning, he’d touched them often, brought them to his lips, to his nose. Anything to get close to her. But as the weeks had gone by, he’d found himself weakening, and on one occasion he’d felt the pressure of tears building behind his eyes. That was when he’d stopped handling them, except to stack each new arrival. 
Fortunately, he lived in a single room. If there was one good thing about this minimum security facility, it was that each man had his own small space. At least he didn’t have to explain to a nosy roommate why he had a pile of unopened letters.
He wasn’t even sure he could explain it to himself... or could he? He swept the sawdust into a small pile and looked around for the dustpan. He grabbed it and swept up the sawdust, tapped it absently into the waste bin, and stared into the distance.
It was simple, really. If he opened even one of her letters, his shell would crack. And what good would that do? Even if he wanted to proclaim his innocence, it was too late to do anything about it. He looked out the dusty window at the hot summer sun. It was July now. He’d been here nine months; halfway through his sentence. By the time a lawyer sorted through the mess he’d made – if that was even possible – his sentence would be over.
He shoved the broom and dustpan in the corner, where they belonged. It was all downhill from here. He’d be out soon enough, and the first thing he intended to do was find out why Allison had stopped writing.
He’d never been one to waste time worrying about things he couldn’t control, but a vice clamped around his heart every time he imagined the worst. And yet... a smile came to his lips... he couldn’t imagine her with anyone else. They’d waited for each other this long... hadn’t they?
Chapter Eleven
Allison looked up from her book to see Lindsey walking across the lawn with two glasses of lemonade. There was no air conditioning in the house, and out here under the weeping willow was one of the coolest spots on the property.
Lindsey placed Allison’s glass on the flat arm of the swing and sank into the Adirondack chair. She seemed troubled, but then she often was these days. Between Allison’s afternoon shifts at the convenience store and Lindsey’s day job, the sisters rarely spent time together.
Allison took a grateful sip. “Thanks. Is Dennis golfing today?”
Lindsey nodded. “Every Sunday.” She fell silent, except for the sound of her fingernails tapping against her glass.
“Allison?”
She recognized that tone of voice; Lindsey wanted to talk. She tucked a bookmark into her book and put it down.
“I’ve been on the computer.” Lindsey jiggled the ice cubes in her glass and took a small sip. “I was looking something up yesterday and I forgot to bookmark the site, so I checked the computer History.”
Allison’s heart fell through her stomach. She knew what was coming. It had to happen sooner or later, but she’d foolishly hoped it would be later.
Lindsey tore her eyes away from the glass and looked directly at Allison. “Someone’s been looking at sites about pregnancies, and I don’t think it was Dennis.” Her lower lip trembled. “Are you pregnant?”
Allison nodded. “Yes.”
Lindsey put her glass down with a shaking hand. “How? When? If anything, you’ve been getting thinner. I mean, I know you’ve started wearing loose clothing, but never in a million years...” Her voice trailed off. “I’m babbling.”
Allison sensed her sister’s pain. “I’m sorry Lins. I should have told you, but I didn’t know how.”
“It’s not that hard. You open your mouth and words come out.” Lindsey clapped a hand over her mouth. “I shouldn’t have said that; now I’m the one who’s sorry.” A small sob escaped between her fingers, and when she spoke again the words came out so softly, Allison had to lean forward to hear. “But it should have been me.”
Allison sighed. “I only wish it was you who was pregnant right now, but it’s not a pretty story.” She took a deep breath and began to talk.
Lindsey sat beside her on the swing and held her hand; a supportive presence while Allison spoke of the painful memories she’d kept bottled up until now. By the time she finished, they were both weeping.
Allison wiped her eyes with the hem of her T-shirt. “You know something?” she said, a sad smile on her lips. “That’s the first time I’ve cried over this.”
Lindsey brushed back her hair and Allison leaned into her sister’s hand. It was a gesture their mother used to make, and she felt a pang of longing so intense she could scarcely breathe.
“I’m so sorry you had to go through that alone.”
Allison smiled sadly. “It was the weekend you had your miscarriage. You were hurting enough already.”
Lindsey blinked back some tears. “Yes, but I still wish you’d told me.” She gave Allison an encouraging smile. “I’m not blaming you, but we could have gone through it together.” They sat silently for a few moments. “You’ve been so quiet recently,” Lindsey said, “but I thought it was because of Cole.” Her eyes widened. “Oh, My God. What about Cole? How will he react?”
Allison had wondered the same thing a million times. Her hand went automatically to the silver heart at her throat. “I wish I knew. I haven’t told him.” She raised her eyes. “I’m afraid, Lins. There are days when I doubt myself. I hate those times, but it’s worse when I doubt Cole.”
“Ah, Sweetheart.” Lindsey pulled her close and hugged her. “We’ll get through this.” She pulled back and tried to smile.
“You didn’t even go to your graduation, did you?”
Allison dropped her head. “No. Sorry about that. It wasn’t much of a story I made up, was it?”
Lindsey shrugged. “A bunch of kids meeting up downtown and going on a group date? It was just odd enough that I thought it might be true, but then you came home early...” She grinned at her sister. “But that’s all in the past. We have more important things to deal with now, and we’re going to face them together. Okay... let’s get practical for a moment. Have you been to a doctor?”
“I went to the walk-in clinic a couple of times. I’m fine.”
Lindsey squeezed her hand. “What are you going to do?”
This was the hard part. “You might think I’m a terrible person, but for a while I thought about giving the child up for adoption. I just know that every time I see the child, I’ll be reminded of what happened.” She turned pleading eyes to her sister. “But I can’t do that. It’s not the way we were brought up.”
 “Allie?”
Allison looked up.
“What if I adopted the child?” She clutched at Allison’s arm, eyes bright with excitement. “What if Dennis and I adopted the child?” She pulled back, suddenly sober. “Or did you think you’d raise it?”
Allison stared at her sister. This wasn’t a scenario that had occurred to her. Could it possibly work?
“Well say something!” Lindsey was more animated than she’d seen her for a long time. 
Allison frowned. “I don’t know why I didn’t think about that.” Her gaze drifted around the yard, but she wasn’t seeing Lindsey’s neatly tended flower beds. “I guess I was in denial.” She rose and steadied herself with the chain that supported the swing. “Let me think about this, okay?” It sounded like an ideal solution, except for one thing. “But what about Dennis? How do you think he’ll feel about it?”
Lindsey hesitated, and Allison admired her honesty. “He probably won’t like it at first. I mentioned adoption to him a few weeks ago and he was totally against it, but this might be different.” A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. “I’ll talk to him tonight, and that will give you some time to think as well.” She enveloped Allison in a hug. “If this works out, I get a child and you get to watch your child grow up. It’s a win-win situation.”
* * *
Lindsey called in to work the next morning and informed them she’d be late.
“Dennis has agreed!” she said when Allison appeared in the kitchen. She watched her sister carefully as she sat down.
Allison covered her stomach with a hand. “I think I felt the baby move last night. I was hoping it would move again, so you could feel it.” She smiled at her sister. “So you could feel your baby.”
Lindsey looked at her, eyes swimming with tears. “Does that mean you’ll let us adopt it? Really?”
“Yes.” Allison had stayed up most of the night, thinking. “But it will be done by a lawyer and everything, right? I think that’s only fair to you and Dennis.” She nodded to herself. “I’d like to be able to see the child, but you have to know it’s yours.”
“Dennis said the same thing.” Lindsey looked sheepish. “But I wasn’t sure how to bring that up.”
“No.” Allison felt oddly adult. “He’s right.” She leaned across the table for her sister’s hand. “You’re going to be such a wonderful mother.”
* * *
Nigel Brown stared at the document on his desk as though he’d never seen it before, then raised his eyes to the young man across from him.
“You’re sure about this, Timothy?”
“Absolutely.” Timothy was losing patience with the elderly lawyer, but Mr. Brown had taken care of his parents forever, and they trusted him.
“You don’t have to do this, you know. Nobody suspects you.” He waved a hand in the air. “Admittedly, there were a few people who didn’t believe Cole Slater did it, but no one ever suspected you that I know of.”
Timothy met the older man’s gaze head-on. “It’s something I have to do, Mr. Brown.” He shifted uneasily in his seat. “I know you may be worried about my physical safety, but I’ve been studying TaeKwonDo ever since Cole went away, and I can defend myself.” He forced a smile. “Don’t worry.”
“Easier said than done,” murmured the older man. “But all right.” The lawyer tapped his pen on the desk blotter. “I’ve been in touch with the Corrections Branch and your friend should be out within two weeks.” He leaned over and checked something in the file. “Late October, early November, if I don’t miss my guess.”
* * *
“Cole, the Director would like to see you in his office.”
Cole frowned, but knew better than to ask Jack what it was about. He probably didn’t know, anyway. “Now?”
“Yes.” The instructor was trying unsuccessfully to hide his concern.
Cole brushed the sawdust from his clothes and strode through the hallway to the Director’s office. He could see the secretary through the glass and took a calming breath before opening the door.
“Cole Slater to see the Director. He called for me.”
She looked up and gave him a brilliant smile. “Oh, yes. Mr. Bernier is expecting you.” She picked up a telephone. “Mr. Slater is here, sir.”
“Send him in.”
Cole entered and glanced around the office. It had been one year and four days since the last time he’d been in here. In some ways it seemed like forever, but in other ways it seemed like yesterday. He remained standing, hands crossed in front.
The Director signed a document and looked up. “Sit down, Slater.”
Cole tried to read the paper upside down, but the Director slid it into a file folder. “I know you’re probably wondering why you’re here, so we won’t drag this out. You’re being released tomorrow.”
Cole had learned to hide his emotions, but his mouth dropped open. “Sir?”
Mr. Bernier nodded. “I’ve worked for the Justice Department for a long time and I can’t say I’ve ever seen a case like this.”
Cole had no idea what the man was talking about, so he remained silent.
The Director opened the file and slid the top sheet to the side. Cole thought he saw the word ‘Release’. But it was the report that lay beneath the release form that seemed to fascinate the Director. He looked up. “Why did you do it, son?” He gave his head a quick, puzzled shake. “Why did you take the blame for your friend?”
Cole swallowed a couple of times. He was having a difficult time forming words. What harm would it do to be honest?
“Because he’s my friend, sir. And he’s gay. I didn’t think he’d survive.” He looked at the form. “I’m really being released?” The Director’s words were just starting to sink in.
“Yes. Tomorrow. I’m sorry you have to wait, but...” He spread his hands. “It’s the paperwork.”
“That’s okay, sir.” He grinned. “What time tomorrow?”
“Early. Nine o’clock. We’ll drive you to the bus station and give you enough for bus fare, plus a few dollars extra.” He looked down at the file and a wry smile played around his lips. “We’ve gotten to know your father over the last year due to his weekly calls. Do you mind if I call him and inform him about your release?”
“Not at all, sir. Thank you.” Cole paused. “What about my record? Will I have a record?”
“No. Your caseworker has made sure of that.” He stood up, came out from behind the desk, and extended his hand. “Good luck, Slater. I don’t know I’d have had the guts to do what you did.”
Cole nodded. “There were plenty of times I wondered myself.”
The Director slapped him on the back. “Your friend will probably end up here. I’ll watch out for him.”
“Thank you, sir.” Cole left the office in a daze and returned to the workshop.
Everyone had left, but Jack was waiting for him.
“So?”
Cole knew he probably looked stunned, but he didn’t care. He raked his fingers through his hair and exhaled a long stream of air. “I’m being released,” he said.
Jack pushed away from the workbench. “Why?” He laughed. “I mean, I’m happy for you and everything but you weren’t expecting this, were you?”
“What? No, it’s a complete surprise.” He looked out the windows at the pale November light. “If you’ll excuse me, I need to go outside and wrap my head around this.” He crossed the room and shook the other man’s hand. “Thanks for everything, Jack.” He made a vague gesture around the room. “I’ve enjoyed this.”
“Good luck, man.”
He grabbed his jacket and went outside. It was cold, but he didn’t notice as he straddled the picnic table bench. Home! He was going home! The idea filled him with such happiness, it was probably leaking out of every pore. Tomorrow morning seemed like a long time away.
“I hear you’ve been sprung.” Charlie Branson sat down at the far end of the bench, his back against the picnic table. He fumbled in his shirt for a cigarette, and lit it with an old Zippo, cupping his hand to keep out the breeze in a gesture that spoke of long years of practice.
Cole chuckled. News moved faster than quicksilver in this facility. “Tomorrow,” he said. “I had no idea this was coming,” he added, before Charlie could ask. It was a story that would keep the population entertained for several days, and he didn’t mind providing the odd detail for them to chew on.
Charlie drew on his cigarette and released a stream of smoke into the late afternoon air. “Good luck to you, lad.” He studied Cole through a haze of smoke. “Remember that fellow I told you about? The one on Vancouver Island who makes wooden furniture?”
Cole had forgotten, but didn’t want to offend the older man. “Sure.”
“Well, I promised to give you his card, but it slipped my mind.” He removed his cigarettes and felt around inside his pocket. “Here it is. I remember you said you have a girl at home, but you never know.” The card had seen better days, but the lettering was still legible.
Cole studied the information. “Thanks, Charlie.” He tucked the card into his own pocket. “As you said, you never know.” There was no harm in humouring the old man. “If I don’t see you tomorrow, it’s been nice knowing you.”
“You too, young fella. Have a safe trip home.”
Chapter Twelve
“Good luck, Slater.” The supervisor dropped him off at the bus station. It felt strange to be in his old clothes. Strange, but good.
“Thanks,” he said, and walked off without looking back.
* * *
Just past the sign pointing to downtown Independence, the bus turned off the highway, and then made a hard left into the alley that led to the back of the bus station. It was achingly familiar, and yet Cole saw it all through fresh eyes. He hated to be too dramatic about it, but he doubted that he’d ever see anything in quite the same way. Given a similar set of circumstances, would he do the same thing again? Would he take the rap for a friend and lose a year of his life? He honestly didn’t know.
But this wasn’t the time to think about that. He stepped off the bus just as a gust of air snatched a handful of snow off the roof of the bus station and hurled it at him. Welcome home.
* * *
“Hi, Pop.” Cole couldn’t keep the smile off his face as he walked into the hardware store. He looked around the store, half expecting Allison to be there. He’d hoped that somehow his father would have been in contact with her to give her the good news.
“Cole!” His father enveloped him in a bear hug, holding him much longer than he’d ever done before. “You’re home.” He pulled back. “You’ve grown.”
“I have?” Cole was growing uncomfortable under such close scrutiny. He shrugged. “Maybe a bit.”
“Come into my office.” His father grabbed him by the arm. “I want to show you something.”
Cole followed, nodding to one of the store employees who stared openly at him.
“Would you look at that?” His father shoved a newspaper into his hands before he’d even sat down.
Cole scanned the front-page article. It started out by saying that Timothy had promised the local newspaper an exclusive story if they printed his version of what happened that night. Cole sat down, read the article, and then looked at his father, who sat beaming at him from across the desk.
“So that’s why he did it.” He looked back down at the paper and spoke quietly. “All because he wanted to belong to a gang and it was his initiation.” It was hard to believe, and Cole gave his head a brief shake. “I hope he realizes that what he’s doing now, by admitting to it, really shows who he is. The guy’s got a lot of backbone.”
His father looked confused. “Aren’t you mad? I thought you’d be angry.”
Cole tried to lighten the mood with a laugh. “Why should I be angry? I’m out, aren’t I?”
“Yes, but now he’s going to serve time. Seems to me your sacrifice was for nothing.”
Still stunned by his rapid return to freedom, Cole hadn’t considered Timothy’s confession from that perspective. “I see your point, but I believe him when he says he couldn’t take the guilt.” He folded up the newspaper and tapped it against his knee. “And he’s taken up self-defense. I tried to get him to do that, you know.” He gave his father a level look. “I’m thankful that he saw fit to let everyone in town know I’m not guilty. That means a lot to me, so if you don’t mind, I’d rather not analyze this to death. Let’s move on to other things.” He looked at the plant on the corner of his father’s desk and raised an eyebrow. “Do I detect a woman’s touch?”
His father flushed. “Marnie brought that in. She’s a woman I’ve been dating.”
Cole smiled. “Very nice, Dad. When do I get to meet her?” He glanced out the back window, then at his watch. Darkness had fallen in the short time since he’d got off the bus.
“She’s coming over to the house for dinner.” His father ducked his head. “If that’s okay with you.”
“That’s fine.” Cole pushed ahead before he lost his nerve. “And Allison? Have you talked to her?”
His father shifted uncomfortably in his chair. “I tried calling her last night, but the number I had no longer works.”
Cole’s head came up. “You had her number?”
His father couldn’t meet his eyes. “Yes. I called every week to see if you’d changed your mind about receiving visitors, and then I’d call her to report. But about four months ago, her phone went inactive.” He pushed some things around on his desk. “I expected her to call me, or stop in, but she never did.”
Cole swallowed. That was the same time she’d stopped writing to him.
“I’m sorry, son.”
He looked away, avoiding the pity in his father’s eyes. “How about my bike? Is it running?”
“It’s in the garage, all ready for you.”
“Good.” Cole stood up and tossed the paper onto his father’s desk. “I’ll probably take a run up to Cherryvale tomorrow.”
* * *
Allison’s feet were killing her. That was the worst part about working in the convenience store; there was nowhere to sit. At least she’d been moved to the morning shift.
“I think I’ll go outside for a breath of fresh air,” she said to the store owner.
“Good idea.” Mr. Singh nodded. “But put on your coat. It’s cold out there.”
“I’ll only be a moment, and I need to cool off.” She heard a motorcycle and glanced out the windows over the display of potato chips. She pushed open the door, smiling to herself, and wondered if she’d ever get over the habit of checking every time she heard that distinctive rumble.
The driver pulled into the far side of the small parking lot and her skin began to prickle. It was uncanny how much the bike looked like Cole’s. And the man on it...
He tore off his helmet and stared at her. It was Cole! Joy exploded in every cell of her body, and her baby must have sensed something, because it chose that moment to unleash a series of kicks. She placed a hand over her stomach and opened her mouth to call his name.
The call died on her lips. Cole looked at her, his gaze focused on her stomach.
Time seemed to stand still as they stared at each other. A range of expressions paraded across his face: shock... disbelief... horror... And then a car full of young people pulled into the parking lot between them, blocking their line of sight; cutting off the silent dialogue that said more than any words could express.
She had to talk to him, had to make him understand! She stepped down onto the pavement, frustrated as the car radio blasted rap music and the teenagers spilled out.
But he already had his helmet on and was backing out of the parking lot. Shocked into action, she called to him. “Cole!”
If he heard her, he didn’t acknowledge. Allison took a few more steps, her hand outstretched, but he’d already turned the bike around. He coasted down to the street, looked both ways and pulled out without looking back.
* * *
“Allison.” Lindsey flicked on the bedroom light and Allison covered her eyes. She’d been crying since she got home.
“My God, Al. What’s the matter?” Lindsey sat down on the bed and pushed the matted hair away from her sister’s face. “What happened?”
Allison stared dully at the wall. “It’s Cole.”
Lindsey stilled. “Has something happened to him?”
“He came back.”
“But...” Lindsey frowned. “When? Where?”
“Oh, Lindsey.” Allison shifted her bulky body across the bed and leaned against her sister. “He came to the convenience store and he saw me.” A sob escaped her throat. “He saw me.”
Fresh tears ran down her face and Lindsey rubbed her back, unsure of what else to do. “What did he say?”
“He didn’t say anything.” She raised tortured eyes to her sister. “That’s what makes it so terrible. He took one look at me. Oh, Lindsey, you should have seen the expression on his face.” She rocked back and forth, holding her stomach. “He hates me.”
“Of course he doesn’t.” A feeble response, but Lindsey couldn’t think what else to say.
Allison tried to laugh. It was a tortured sound. “Trust me, Lins. He hates me. I saw it in his eyes.” She continued to rock. “How foolish was I to think that I could have the baby while he was away, and then somehow explain it to him later?”
“It made sense when we talked about it.” Lindsey went silent for a few moments. “But he wasn’t supposed to get out for another six months. Maybe he got out early for good behaviour, or something.”
“I don’t know.” Allison pressed her fingertips into her temples. “But I do know one thing. He doesn’t want to have anything to do with me.” She grabbed Lindsey’s hand and placed it on her belly. “Your daughter knows something’s wrong. She’s been kicking ever since the moment I saw him.”
Lindsey smiled. She couldn’t help it. The child growing inside her sister was a miracle. She wanted to tell Allison not to get excited, but held back the words.
“I shouldn’t allow myself to get worked up.” It was almost as though Allison read her thoughts. She took a deep breath, and then blew out slowly. “I keep playing it over and over in my head, but it all happened so quickly. That’s what gets me. He was there... and then he was gone. I wanted to explain, but...” her words trailed off.
The sisters sat silently for a few moments, lost in thought. “I wonder if I should call Dani.”
“What would you say? Remember, she doesn’t even know you’re pregnant. You told her I’m the one who’s pregnant. You’d be better off not to stir things up at this point.”
“You’re right.” She sighed. “I’ve really fouled this up, haven’t I?”
“Absolutely not.”
Allison looked at her sister, startled.
“You’re the victim here. Just remember that. You’re stuck in a terrible position and you’re handling it amazingly well.” She rose and kissed her sister on the forehead. “Don’t you ever forget that. Now come downstairs and I’ll make us a cup of tea.”
Allison managed a small smile. “I know... I’m eating for two.”
* * *
The phone rang as Allison was rinsing out her cup. Lindsey nodded that she should answer.
“Hello?”
“Allie. Is that you?”
Dani, she mouthed to her sister. “Hi Dani, Lindsey and I were just talking about you.” At least that much was true. They spoke regularly on the phone, but Dani had been spending a lot of time with Jason, and the two hadn’t met in person since early summer. She’d felt the odd twinge of guilt about not confiding in her best friend, but she didn’t want to spoil Dani’s happiness with Jason. At least that’s what she told herself.
“You won’t believe what I’m looking at!” She could imagine her friend bouncing up and down.
“What’s that?”
“There’s an article in yesterday’s paper. I just saw it. Timothy Berkshire has taken responsibility for the robbery.” She squealed. “The one Cole admitted to.” The paper rustled in the background. “It says Cole will be let out immediately.”
“Wow.”
“Wow? That’s all you have to say? Wow? Allie, he’s coming home!”
Allison closed her eyes and saw the expression on Cole’s face. “That’s great.”
“Allison Ransome. What aren’t you telling me?”
“He may not want to see me, Dani.”
“For heaven’s sake, girl! Of course he’ll want to see you.” There was an uncharacteristic moment of silence. “Why not?”
“I just...” Allison shrugged, even though Dani couldn’t see her. “I just got tired of writing letter after letter and not hearing back. I stopped writing a few months ago.”
“That doesn’t mean anything.”
Allison had to put an end to this line of questioning. “What else does it say?”
Dani knew her too well. “Are you trying to sidetrack me?”
“Is it working?”
Dani laughed. “Okay, let’s see. Timothy says he wanted everyone to know that Cole wasn’t responsible; that he made a foolish mistake, and that he’s going to take his punishment.” She muttered a bit and Allison could picture her skimming the article. “He says his mother and father are proud of him, and that he studied TaeKwonDo so he can defend himself if necessary.” She muttered some more. “That’s about it. So what are you going to do?”
“Phone his father, I guess.” She forced herself to speak calmly. “Find out when he’s coming home.”
“The timing of this whole thing really sucks. Gran and I are leaving for Maui in the morning. That’s partly why I called you, to tell you I wouldn’t be around for a couple of months.”
Allison gave a silent sigh of relief. “When did you find this out?”
“Just today. A friend of hers had paid for the place for two months, but she fell and broke her hip, so we’re cruising down and taking over the rental. It’s right on the beach at Honokowai.”
“Hono... what? Never mind, I’ll look it up. So when will you be back, all tanned and everything?”
“In the middle of January. Promise me we’ll get together then, okay?”
Finally, something she could agree to. “I promise. And I’ll message you to let you know how things go with Cole, okay?”
“You guys will work it out. I’ve never seen two people so destined to be together.” She paused. “Unless it’s Jason and I, but that’s another story. Anyway, I’ve gotta run. I’ll be taking my laptop, so I’ll watch for your message.”
“Aloha, Dani.”
“Oh, yeah. Aloha.” Dani’s mind was already on something else. At least that never changed.
Allison turned to Lindsey. “I guess you heard.”
“Sounds like she’s going away.”
“Yeah.” Allison sighed. “Maui. I’ll miss her, but at least I don’t have to worry about her showing up right before the baby comes.” She sat down at the kitchen table, legs splayed uncomfortably. “Lindsey?”
“Hmmm?” Lindsey looked up from a baby book; she had them all over the house.
“When Dani comes back from her holiday... after the baby comes... would you be offended if I moved back to Independence? She’s mentioned it a couple of times and apparently her grandmother likes the idea.”
Lindsey used her shopping list as a bookmark and slowly closed the book. Her sister rarely made decisions quickly, and this was no exception. “I don’t know,” she said, blinking rapidly as she considered the angles. “What about Cole?”
Allison’s hand went to the silver heart at her throat. “That might be a problem, but maybe after a couple of months he’ll at least let me talk to him.”
Lindsey nodded thoughtfully. “Do we have to decide this today?” She picked up her teacup and seemed surprised to find it empty. “I’m not trying to avoid making a decision, but a lot has happened today.” She checked the time on the wall clock. “Dennis will be home soon. I’d better see about getting some dinner ready.”
“You’re right.” Allison nodded her agreement. “But think about it, okay?” She walked to the pantry. “I’ll peel the potatoes.”
Chapter Thirteen
Cole drove several blocks, and then pulled off to the side of the road. His heart was pounding like a jackhammer and he had his jaw so tightly clenched, his teeth hurt.
When he hadn’t heard from Allison, he’d known in his heart that there was something wrong. She wouldn’t just stop writing to him unless she had a good reason.  But this???
Had he been in denial? He tore off his helmet and raked his fingers through his hair. Maybe. Maybe he had been in denial. He gave a strangled laugh. Denial was a state entered into by many who went to prison... even a minimum security facility, like the one he’d been in. The men talked themselves into believing what their families told them when they came to visit, even though both sides knew they were making the best of a bad situation.
Cole hadn’t had anyone to pretend for. Granted, it had been his choice, but in retrospect it had been a poor choice. He’d become detached from reality, refusing to acknowledge the facts when Allison stopped writing. He’d seen the evidence every day when he looked at the pile of letters that resolutely remained the same height. A sharp pain jabbed at his heart and he doubled over, wondering if a man his age could have a heart attack. He took several slow, deep breaths, expelling all of the air from his lungs between each breath. There, that was better; the worst of the pain was easing. But he didn’t kid himself. The real pain... the one that started the moment he saw her... would take more than deep breathing to get rid of. A lot more.
Cole hadn’t known that it was possible to experience so many different emotions in the space of a few seconds. When he’d pulled into the parking lot and she was there, it was as if the sun had come out after a long, dark winter. And then she’d put her hand over her stomach and her condition had hit him like a sledgehammer to the back of his head. She was pregnant! His Allison, who had waited this long for him, was pregnant. Except she hadn’t waited, had she? His surprise was quickly replaced by rage, and he realized that she was calling out to him, trying to get to him across the parking lot. He was afraid of what he would say if she reached him. He’d backed out, put his helmet back on, checked his mirror, and pulled out into traffic.
Snow, driven by a biting wind, blew up the valley, making bike travel hazardous. Just as well... he’d need to concentrate and use every ounce of skill he possessed to get home safely. He couldn’t afford to think of the woman he loved, her belly distended by some other man’s baby. His gripped the handlebars so tightly his fingers were numb after only a few minutes, but he drove on, casting off the dreams he’d clung to this past year. As the miles rolled by, he found himself questioning his decision to ride off. Should he turn around... go back there and confront her... demand to know what had happened? He laughed. Who was he kidding? It was obvious what had happened. The thought of seeing her again in that condition was too painful and he allowed the notion to fly away on the cold winter wind.
* * *
Marty Slater came home from work to find Cole kneeling down in front of the fireplace. He looked up and acknowledged his father’s presence, then turned back to the fire, watching what appeared to be a letter curl up at the edges and burn. His face devoid of emotion, he tossed one final letter onto the pile, then stood up and shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
Marty watched as fire consumed the last letter. “From Allison?” he asked.
Cole nodded.
“It take it things didn’t go well.” He had to ask.
“Nope.” Cole sat up and lowered his feet. “Things are over between Allison and me.”
Marty knew his son, and knew better than to prod him for more information. He wandered into the kitchen and started to prepare supper.
Cole followed him a few moments later and leaned against the counter, watching his father slice potatoes and onions into the frying pan. Fried potatoes and pork chops had always been one of his favourite meals.
“Dad, I’m going to leave tomorrow.” His voice was flat and unemotional.
“So soon?” Marty put down the knife and stared at his son. “But you just got back.”
Cole nodded. “Sorry, but I have to get away.”
Marty looked at the man beside him. Yes, his son was a man now. Where had the time gone? He recalled the first time he’d laid eyes on Cole in the hospital, his face all scrunched up and red. There had been a few fuzzy years when Vi died, but they’d survived together, and he was proud of the man Cole had become. Much as he’d like him to stay, Cole needed his freedom now. Apparently more than ever.
“I’m going to head across to Vancouver Island.” Cole picked up a head of broccoli. He hated the stuff, but at some point in the past his father had decided that he liked it. It wouldn’t kill him to eat it one more time. “I’ll expect you to visit at least twice a year,” he said, looking over his shoulder as though Marnie were in the other room. “Bring Marnie.”
“What’s on Vancouver Island?”
Cole relaxed, and told him about the course he’d started in prison. “...and I really enjoyed it, Dad. I figure I’ll hire on with a contractor to learn a bit about building, and pursue my real passion on the side.”
“Building wooden furniture.” Marty looked at him as though he was a stranger. “Why didn’t I know you were interested in that?”
Cole saw the hurt in his father’s eyes and hastened to explain. “I only just found out a short time ago myself.” He thought back to that first night at the light-up ceremony, when he’d examined the wooden toy. The thought of Allison at his side turned the memory bittersweet. He moved on quickly. “It may not come to anything, but I’d like to give it a try. What do you think?” The least he could do was include his father in his decision making.
His father gripped his arm and for a brief moment Cole thought he was going to get emotional. “Sounds like a plan.” His father grinned. “Besides, you’re young. If you find you don’t like it, you can go on to something else.”
Cole didn’t feel young. He felt like he’d aged a hundred years today. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Who knows where it might lead?”
* * *
Still in shock, Cole didn’t remember much about the drive to the ferry. He was lucky with his timing and had only a short wait until he drove on and was directed up front, with the other bikers.
It was a grey day; rain slanted against the thick windows, obscuring the view. The ferry shuddered as it pulled out and Cole grabbed a coffee, went outside and huddled under cover at the stern. Only the hardy souls were out. Plus the smokers, of course. He found a spot upwind from them and stared at the outline of the Coast Mountain Range.
Cole rarely suffered from indecision, but he was having a tough time right now. He didn’t need to work for a while. The money he’d been saving before he went to jail would last him for six months to a year, depending on how he lived. But he doubted he’d remain unemployed for that long; it wasn’t in his nature to sit around and do nothing. Besides, the more he thought about learning to build furniture, the more it appealed to him.
The wind shifted and he almost choked as he was engulfed in a cloud of cigarette smoke. He glanced at the smokers. Almost all young men, he couldn’t imagine gambling with his health in that way. He’d grown up with a father who smoked, and even though his dad was careful to smoke outside, the smell lingered on his clothes, and on the chair he occupied in front of the television.
Realizing the direction of his thoughts, he almost laughed out loud. Who was he to think critically of anyone else? Here he was, entering what should be the most productive phase of his life, and he was adrift. He downed the last of his coffee and tossed the cup in a garbage receptacle. He may be adrift, but it was his choice. He walked out from under cover and leaned on the rail. A pod of dolphins broke the surface and he looked to see if anyone else had noticed. Evidently not. The dolphins rode the wake of the ship for a few moments and then broke away, pale light glinting from their backs. He was going to enjoy living on Vancouver Island.
* * *
Allison went into labour around ten in the evening on December fourteenth. She knew what to expect, and yet the sharpness of the pain caught her by surprise. Between contractions, she grabbed her suitcase and made her way down the short flight of stairs. Lindsey was still up, waiting for Dennis.
“It’s time,” she gasped, as another contraction hit. “I think we should get going.”
Lindsey fumbled for a piece of paper beside the phone. “Okay. I’ll phone the doctor so she can meet us at the hospital.” Her hands were trembling.
Allison had entered the doctor’s number into the cell phone weeks before. She pressed it and handed the instrument to her sister, trying not to smile. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen Lindsey this nervous; it was touching.
“It’ll be all right,” she said, grimacing as another pain stabbed at her. “Let’s get in the car now.”
Katie Lawson was born at three thirty in the morning on December fifteenth.
“That was fast,” said the doctor, holding up the squirming bundle. “She just popped right out.”
Allison couldn’t bring herself to look at the baby She hated herself for the way she felt, but from the moment she was wheeled into the delivery room, she’d completely tuned out. Before that, she’d been holding it together for Lindsey’s sake. She was barely aware of the medical staff fussing around her and was grateful when she finally fell into a deep sleep.
She awoke the next morning to find Lindsey sitting beside her bed, the baby in her arms. She looked up, her eyes glowing with happiness. A small shock of black hair had been brushed to form a curl on the top of the child’s head. Allison gasped aloud. She’d been trying to forget the young man who raped her, but at the sight of the black hair, his face pushed its way into her memory. She must have whimpered aloud, because Lindsey fumbled for the nurse’s call button.
“It’s okay,” said Allison. “Really, it’s okay.”
But it wasn’t okay. Why couldn’t she look at her own daughter? Of course she’d been thinking of the child as Lindsey’s daughter for a long time now... maybe that was it.
“The lawyer was here earlier.” Lindsey checked her watch. “He has the papers for you to sign.” The lawyer had suggested that the papers be signed immediately. He specialized in adoptions and had seen too many cases where mothers changed their minds on seeing the baby. Allison had assured him that she wouldn’t change her mind, but she’d seen the knowing look in his eyes. Oddly enough, she respected him for his caution.
“He’ll be back any time,” said Lindsey. Allison noticed how her sister couldn’t seem to tear her gaze away from the newborn.
“Good. I’d like to go home.” Even though home meant she’d be in close proximity to the baby, it was better than here, where every woman was in some stage of childbirth.
* * *
Dennis had surprised Lindsey by coming home early with a bouquet of roses. From her position stretched out on the sofa in the living room, Allison could hear their voices drifting down the hall as they fussed over the baby together. They’d chosen to name the child Katie, after Lindsey and Allison’s mother Katherine. Maybe little Katie would heal the rift that had been widening between the couple for some time now. A lot to expect, but stranger things had happened.
Allison lay in the dark, a comforter draped over her lower body, and stared at the Christmas tree. She’d promised herself not to cry when she got home, but the lights blurred as she thought back to Independence, and the Light Up ceremony two years ago. She’d been wearing that goofy toque, and yet Cole had looked at her as though she was the most beautiful person in the world. She knew she wasn’t beautiful, but he’d always made her feel that way... right up until a month ago.
Had he gone to Light Up with someone else this year? Maybe it was a good thing Dani wasn’t around to report on his movements; she didn’t think she could stand it if she learned that he was dating someone else already.
Her stomach cramped and she looked down. She didn’t think she’d ever felt so empty... so alone.  Overwhelmed by shame, and at times even guilt, she’d withdrawn from all but her work and Lindsey. And now Lindsey had the baby.
Most of the time, she managed to convince herself that her guilt was irrational. She had nothing to feel guilty about; she was the victim. Lindsey constantly reminded her of that fact, and yet she’d never really know, never be sure, because she couldn’t remember.
The loss of confidence she’d suffered when her friends didn’t back her up had been almost worse than the rape. She hadn’t even been aware of the rape, whereas what followed came back to haunt her time and time again. She’d been stripped of her friends, her self-assurance, and her dreams of the future in the space of twenty four hours.
The outdoor lights came on; Dennis had them on a timer. They lit the living room with a soft pink glow, as though celebrating the birth of her child... Lindsey’s daughter. She stared into the lights and made herself a promise. Some day, she vowed, she would overcome the sickening sensation that overpowered her every time she thought of the child. Katie was blameless in this drama, and Allison vowed to protect her innocence. If that meant staying away until she was ready to give the child the love she deserved, so be it.
Chapter Fourteen
Cole spent Christmas in Tofino, and wondered idly if the location was symbolic. The western terminus of the Trans-Canada highway, Tofino was a small town on the west coast of Vancouver Island. Along with the nearby town of Ucluelet, Tofino harboured many of the commercial fishing vessels that made their living in the waters off the west coast. Mixed in amongst the locals were tourists, visiting year-round for the breathtaking scenery, and surfers from all over the world, taking advantage of the outstanding surf. Perched on a rocky outcropping, Tofino was popular with the young set, and although Cole didn’t make any effort to socialize with them, he blended in and relaxed for the first time in just over a year. The beaches in the area begged to be explored, and Cole walked them every day, whether the weather was stormy or benign.
Finally, sometime in early February, the analogy of the end of the road started to wear thin; he knew it was time to move on. He said goodbye to his temporary landlady, jumped on his bike and set out for Fanny Bay, on the eastern shore of the island.
* * *
“What the hell?” Cole stopped the bike and pulled out the worn card. Yup, it said Fanny Bay. But there was no development here to speak of, unless you counted oysters, and a pub, which from the number of cars parked out front, was very popular.
Piles of white shells sat like signposts along the side of the road, and every driveway seemed to have at least some white shells mixed in with the gravel. He hadn’t known that Fanny Bay was the oyster capital of Vancouver Island.
If possible, the ocean tang was even more distinct here in this sheltered location. The low throaty sound of a seaplane’s engine caught his attention and he watched it take off, water trailing from the floats like translucent pearls. It stayed low, and a couple of minutes later, he saw why. It landed again just across the way, and taxied to a dock. An information board alongside the highway caught his attention and he pulled up in front of it, to check his bearings. Denman Island; he wondered if there was a way to get his bike over there, and if there were roads. Never mind, there would be plenty of time for exploration later... he hoped.
Cruising slowly north, he almost missed the road. Oyster Lane led inland and was paved for about a hundred yards off the highway. Beyond that, it was gravel. He drove slowly, chuckling to himself at the number of residents that didn’t bother to post their house numbers. He supposed that the volunteers who made up the fire department knew where everyone lived.
He came to a well-tended driveway that was a bit wider than the rest, and knew he’d found the place. On closer examination, he spotted a small but beautifully carved sign affixed to a tree. Madrona Woodworking. Prickles of anticipation danced up the back of his neck and he turned in. At the end of the driveway, a long, low workshop sat in a clearing. At that moment, the sun found a hole in the clouds, illuminating the entrance. A positive sign.
“Jeez, Slater,” he said to himself. “Now you’re seeing signs? You’ve been away from the real world for too long.”
The rich, pungent smell of cedar assailed him when he stepped inside the front door of the shop. He took a deep breath and smiled. This confirmed it; woodworking was what he was meant to do.
The high-pitched whine of a plane drew him further into the shop and he stopped, attempting to take it all in.
A tall, wiry man was running a piece of wood through the plane. It looked to be a one by eight, and smelled like cedar, but he couldn’t be sure. Further inspection revealed that the workshop was divided almost in half. Solid, heavy pieces of equipment occupied one end, and Cole noticed that they were all top name brands. Some of the equipment he didn’t recognize; confirmation that he had a lot to learn before he even got started. The other part of the shop appeared to be set aside for fabrication and hand work. One entire section of wall was devoted to clamps, and at first glance, Madrona Woodworking appeared to own more hand tools than most local hardware stores. Hung individually on pegs, each tool had been outlined by a black felt marker.
Cole approached the wall and took down a tool he didn’t recognize. Two handles, about ten inches apart, were connected by a curved blade. He was so engrossed in studying it that he didn’t notice that the man had turned off the planer.
“Know what that is?” The voice startled him.
He looked up and offered an apologetic smile. “No, I don’t.”
“It’s a spoke shave.” The man crossed the shop in several long strides and stuck out his hand. “Bill Woods. And you would be Cole Slater.”
Cole almost dropped the tool. “How did you know that?”
The man shrugged, and his entire body seemed to undulate; Cole was reminded of a slinky. “Charlie told me.”
“Charlie...?” Cole wasn’t sure if he knew the old fellow’s last name.
“Charlie Branson.” Bill looked him in the eye. “You met him in prison. He’s out now.”
“Oh. Good.” Cole was embarrassed to admit that he hadn’t known when Charlie was due to be released. He’d been so focused on himself, no one else had mattered. “So you’ve seen him?”
“He stopped by and mentioned that I might be seeing you.”
Cole looked around as though he thought Charlie might pop up from behind the table saw and say ‘gotcha!’ “Last time I saw him I didn’t know myself where I’d end up.”
Bill nodded. “He’s a wise old man. Probably sensed something about you.” He looked him up and down. “He knows I don’t take on helpers and yet he convinced me to talk to you.”
Cole tapped a finger on the outline around one of the tools. “I see you did it at least once. Those outlines aren’t for you.”
Bill acknowledged his comment with another nod. “You’ve got that right. You’d think the first thing they’d teach these kids is to put the tools back. But do they? Nooooo.” He stopped abruptly. “Don’t get me started.”
Cole was still wrapping his mind around the fact that Bill didn’t take on help. He decided that his only course of action was to be honest.
“If I’d known I had to convince you, I’d have prepared a speech.”
Bill waved the comment away. His long, sensitive hands had collected their fair share of nicks and scars over the years. He had no nail on his ring finger; the tip of the finger was missing. Cole doubted that it slowed him up. “No speech,” he said now. “But I would like to know what your future plans are. How long you plan to spend learning the craft, how you plan to live while you’re learning.” His lips twitched in a brief smile. “Things like that.”
Cole realized that he hadn’t thought this whole thing out very well. But it was too late now; this may be his only chance.
“My plan was to find work to support myself, hopefully at night and on the weekends. He looked out through the window. “I didn’t expect you to be located in such a small community. There might not be very many jobs around here.”
“You’ve got that right.” Bill studied him. “I don’t know what you did to impress Charlie, but he took the trouble to get a letter from the instructor of the course you took while you were in prison.” He narrowed his eyes. “That was a stupid move, by the way, but it’s over now, and it’s not really my business. The instructor’s name was Jack Bridger, I believe.”
“That’s right.”
“Well, this Jack Bridger says you show a real aptitude for woodworking.” He rubbed the damaged finger against the leather of his tool belt. “Don’t make me regret this, son, but I’ll take you on. And I don’t want you working outside of the shop. You’ll need to invest all your time learning what I have to teach you.”
Cole mentally calculated what remained in his bank account. “I don’t have a lot of money left. I can afford a reasonable rent for a few months, but after that...”
“I have a small suite above the garage. You can have that for free, and don’t thank me. Believe me, you’ll earn it. I’ll pay you five hundred a month for the first six months. Then we’ll re-assess this whole idea. Okay?” The long speech seemed to embarrass him, and he turned away.
Cole spoke to his back. “That’s more than okay; it’s very generous and I thank you. But I have a question. Why are you doing this?”
Bill stopped, and braced himself against the housing of a band saw. With that one gesture, he seemed to age ten years. “What’s the expression the young people are using these days? ‘Paying it forward?’ Let’s just say I’m doing that. Yeah, I’m paying it forward.”
He straightened, shook off whatever had been bothering him, and turned back to Cole. “I’ll show you that room now.” His gaze dropped to the tool in Cole’s hands. “But put away that spoke shave first. It’s an antique.”
Cole laughed. “I have so much to learn.”
Bill smiled for the first time. “You’ve got that right. And if you’re smart, you’ll never stop learning.”
Cole answered with a smile of his own. “I’ve got the rest of my life.”
Chapter Fifteen
Allison knew that the convenience store was a dead-end job, but it suited her for the present. She worked long hours as she waited for Dani to get back from Hawaii. They’d exchanged e-mails, and Dani’s grandmother reconfirmed her willingness to have Allison become part of her household.
At home, Allison developed what she thought of as a Zen-like attitude toward the baby. There were times when she felt detached from her body; hovering just above the action and observing. The child was Lindsey’s, she told herself, and there were times that she actually believed it.
The dreams were the worst. They rotated at will, and left her gasping for air, her heart pounding. In one, she had misplaced the baby. These usually occurred after a horrendous news story about a woman leaving a child unattended in a car, but they were no less terrifying for being based in fact. In another, she forgot to feed the baby. The third version was nebulous, and possibly the most frightening. In it, she didn’t know how to care for the child, and it was being taken away. Was it any wonder she sometimes questioned the decision she’d made.  
Not surprisingly, the entire home rotated around the baby’s needs. As the days passed, Allison found she didn’t freeze up every time Lindsey came into the room carrying little Katie. As a matter of fact, she delighted in watching the way the baby’s face distorted just before she yawned, or the way her tiny lips make sucking motions as she slept. She prayed for the day when she wasn’t reminded of that terrible weekend every time she looked into the child’s eyes. That day would come; she knew it in her heart. What she didn’t know was how long it would take.
Dennis had gone back to his old ways, spending most of his evenings out of the house, and Allison knew her sister craved adult conversation. They fell into the comfortable habit of sharing a pot of tea while the baby slept.
“I’ll miss you when you’re gone.” Lindsey smiled sadly. “But maybe it’s just as well.” She toyed with her spoon. “I know I’ve been really focused on the baby, and this may be my only chance to say this, but I’m proud of you, Al.”
Allison gave her a disbelieving look.
“No, seriously. What you’ve been through and everything... You’ve handled yourself really well.”
“Why do I sense there’s a ‘but’ coming?”
Lindsey reached across the table and laid her hand on top of her sister’s. “You know me too well.” She pulled back. “But seriously, I hope you start to live a bit when you go back to Independence. Maybe even go out.” Her voice trailed off and she remained silent for a moment. “You’ll talk to Cole, of course,” she said finally. “Are you going to tell him everything?”
Allison nodded. “We were always honest with each other, so yes, I’ll tell him.” She raised her eyes. “If I can get him to listen.”
“That’s the thing, isn’t it?” Lindsey pushed her cup aside, as though clearing the table for another subject. “So, if you don’t mind, let’s run over your finances again.”
“Lindsey, stop worrying. I’ll be fine. I’ll be eighteen next month.”
 “Yes, I know,” said Lindsey. “On Valentine’s Day. But we haven’t talked much about money since Mom and Dad died.” She gnawed her bottom lip, a sure sign she was thinking.
“The money from the trust fund gets freed up when you’re twenty one. Three years is going to pass quickly, you know.”
Allison could only hope so.
“The plan all along has been to sell the house. Are you still good with that?”
Allison blinked back tears. “It was a great house and I loved growing up in it, but I see Mom and Dad in every room. I think we should sell it.”
“I agree. I’ll contact the lawyer in a couple of years and tell him to set things in motion.” She looked fondly at Allison. “This is my roundabout way of reminding you that you’ll be coming into a fair amount of money. It’s not too soon to be planning your future.”
Allison glanced toward the baby intercom as the child made a noise. “It wasn’t so long ago that I thought I knew my future.” She forced a smile. “But thanks for the reminder.”
Lindsey leaned forward eagerly. “What do you think you’ll do?”
“I wish I knew. What about you?”
Lindsey shrugged. “I don’t know either. But it’s kind of nice to know the money’s coming.”
The baby fussed again and Lindsey ran up the stairs. Allison would miss the closeness she’d developed with her sister the past couple of years, but it was time to move on. Cherryvale was only four hours from Independence; she would see little Katie as often as possible. That would have to do.
* * *
Danielle and Jason met Allison at the bus station. Dani had been home for ten days now, but she was still tanned.
“Is this all you’ve got?” Jason threw her two large suitcases into the back of an SUV.
“Yup. I only took clothes with me when I left here.” She tried to look everywhere as they drove through town. “Not much has changed in two years, has it?”
“Nope.” Dani looked over at Jason, who was driving, and her gaze softened. “It’s all good.”
A few moments later they pulled into the driveway of Dani’s grandmother’s house. A dark green, low-slung sports car sat out on the road and Allison raised an eyebrow. “Don’t tell me your gran is driving a sports car now!”
Jason laughed. “No, that’s mine.” He jumped out and opened the rear door for Allison. “This is Dani’s SUV. Her Uncle Jake bought it for her.”
“Really?” Allison stood back to admire the vehicle. “It’s nice.”
Dani patted the hood affectionately. “It’s a couple of years old, but it’s all mine. I’m helping Uncle Jake build a new drive-in shed out at the ranch, so I needed wheels to get back and forth.”
“You’re helping Big Jake build something?” Allison laughed out loud and realized she hadn’t been laughing nearly enough recently. “Since when do you know anything about that?”
“Hey, I’ll have you know I’m pretty damned good.” She turned to Jason. “Aren’t I?”
“She is, actually.” Jason continued up the driveway. “We’re both working out there, and it’s good experience. Dani and I are thinking of contacting one of those charities where you volunteer to go to a third world country for a few months and build stuff.” He went into the carport and placed the suitcases by the door. “In the meantime, we’re having fun working at the ranch. We’ll both move out there sometime in May. Probably on the long weekend.”
Dani’s living arrangements had always seemed a bit odd to Allison. “Don’t you get a split personality, living here for half the year and with your uncle the other half?” 
“Gran and I already talked about the fact that you might find a job in town, and she says it’s fine if you want to stay with her year round.”
Allison fought back tears. She seemed to be doing that a lot lately.
Dani gave her a sharp look. “You don’t have to. I just thought it might be more convenient...”
“No, no. It’s just that she’s been so nice to me.” She sucked in a breath of air. “Both of you.”
“Of course we’re nice to you. You’re family.” Dani took a close look at her friend. “What is it with you, Ransome? You seem different.”
Allison had to pull herself together. Her friend knew her far too well. “Just tired, I guess. The baby had a bit of colic and cried all night last night.”
“How is she? What did Lindsey call her again?”
“Katie. For our mother.”
“Right. Katie. Nice name.” She opened the door to the house. “Welcome to your new home.”
* * *
“Just like old times, huh?” Dani hopped onto Allison’s bed later that night. “Remember when we’d sit here and talk about boys?”
Allison pulled up her feet to give her friend more room. “Seems like yesterday.”
“Yeah.” Dani sighed. “But now I’ve got Jason. What do you think of him, Al?”
“Put me on the spot, why don’t you...” The words popped out before she could stop them, and Dani pulled back, offended. Her best friend was looking for confirmation, and she was waffling! But these days she was having a difficult time with positive thoughts when it came to men of any age.
“Sorry, Dani. I don’t really know him, but from what I’ve seen, he treats you well.”
Her conciliatory words seemed to smooth Dani’s ruffled feathers. “I can tell by the way he looks at you that he’s crazy about you. How’s he getting along with your uncle?”
“They’re getting along just fine. You know, sometimes I worry that things are just too good to be true with Jason.”
Allison knew what she meant, but didn’t want to burst any bubbles. “I think I understand what you mean, but things have been going well, right?”
Dani nodded.
“So don’t ruin your happiness by worrying about things that might happen. Trust me, I know what I’m talking about.”
“You’re right, of course.” She gave Allison a piercing look. “So did you contact Cole while I was away?”
“No.” Allison couldn’t meet her friend’s eyes.
“Why not? You guys were so solid. This whole thing doesn’t make sense.”
“I...” Allison hesitated. “I didn’t want to contact him on the phone, and I was pretty sure I’d be moving back here when you got back from Hawaii.” The story was sounding more plausible all the time. “To tell you the truth, I was hoping he’d contact me, but I guess his pride was hurt. So I thought I’d wait, and see him in person.” She touched the silver heart at her throat. “I’ve decided to go to see his father tomorrow while I’m downtown looking for jobs.”
“Well, I guess that’s a start. I’ve been home a week, and I haven’t heard anything about him.”
“What about Jason? Has he said anything?”
Danielle frowned. “No, actually. He hasn’t mentioned him. But then I didn’t ask.” She tugged at the braid that hung loosely over her shoulder. “I’m so glad you’re here, and good luck tomorrow.”
“Thanks.” Allison crawled back beneath the covers. “’Nite, Dani.”
Chapter Sixteen
Allison walked slowly down Main Street the next morning. Was she procrastinating... afraid of what she would find when she went inside the hardware store? Probably. A few people greeted her as though she’d never been away and a warm feeling crept over her. Yes, it was good to be back.
She pushed open the door of the hardware store and breathed in the familiar smell. The clatter of the paint mixer caught her attention and she looked over, but it was Danny O’Keefe, a man who had worked here ever since Allison could remember. She made her way through the store and paused in front of Marty Slater’s door. He was studying a printout of some sort and she waited for him to look up and spot her through the glass, but he was engrossed. She tapped lightly and opened the door.
He looked up, and it seemed to take a few moments for her presence to register. “Allison, hello,” he said finally. “Good to see you.” He came out from behind the desk and shook her hand. “How are you?”
“Fine, Mr. Slater. I’ve come to ask about Cole.”
He studied her for a moment, as though trying to decide what to tell her. “Cole,” he said finally, and his shoulders slumped a little. “He doesn’t live here anymore.”
Allison’s heart plummeted. “When did he leave?”
“The day after he went to see you.” He paused. “He did go to see you, didn’t he? He came back here and said the two of you were finished.”
Allison clutched the back of a chair for support. “Yes, he did.” She looked around the office, trying to avoid Marty Slater’s probing gaze. Her voice dropped to a whisper. “Where is he? Is he all right?”
Marty was having a hard time looking at her. “I’ve heard from him a couple of times, and he seems fine, but I’m sorry, Allison, he asked me not to tell you where he’s gone.”
Tears rolled down Allison’s cheeks and she did nothing to stop them. Her life had spiralled out of control and she could do nothing to get it back on track. She turned to leave. “Would you please tell him I asked about him?”
Marty Slater looked at the overwrought young woman. “I’m not sure that’s such a good idea, Allison.” It was one of the hardest things he’d ever done. “But if he asks about you, I’ll be sure to tell him that you came in.”
The words struck her like a slap in the face. She’d endured worse when her supposed school friends had turned away from her, but this was a different type of hurt.
Oddly enough, she understood Marty’s desire to protect his son; his response was the best she could hope for. She fished in her purse for a tissue and dabbed at her eyes. “Thank you.”
She walked on stiff legs through the store and crossed the street without paying attention to traffic. Thankfully, it was a quiet day. She headed toward a park bench and slumped down, trying to compose herself.
* * *
Marty Slater watched her go. This was the second time Allison had left his store broken-hearted about his son. It was clear to him that these two young people belonged together, and yet Cole had been specific in his instructions. There was something going on here he didn’t understand, and it bothered him. But his loyalty was to his son. He reached for his cigarettes and went out back for a smoke.
* * *
Allison had prepared herself for rejection, but this was beyond anything she’d imagined. Cole had loved his home town and she’d been counting on that fact to keep him here. But she’d been wrong about that, and she’d probably been wrong to think that one day he would give her the chance to explain. Explain that she still loved him, and always would. Her gaze drifted to the roof of the hardware store. They’d sat there together that first night, looking down on the festivities. She could remember the conversation clearly, as she remembered all of their conversations. He’d spoken of how his schoolmates talked about leaving, but how he intended to stay around. She laughed aloud, but it was a bitter sound. So much for good intentions.
She remained seated for several minutes, slotting this new information into the constantly changing puzzle that was her life. Whether Cole was here or not, she needed a job, and she needed to be busy. She rose and headed to the newspaper office on Ponderosa Street.
 “Hi, Allison.” She was greeted by Mary Delahunt. They’d been in the same class in high school. Mary sported an engagement ring, and made sure Allison noticed.
“I see you’re engaged.” Allison played the game. “Don’t tell me... Matt?”
The other woman admired her ring. “Yes.”
“I’m happy for you.” And she was. “I was wondering if I could get the latest edition of the paper. I’m looking for a job.”
“You? I thought you knew everybody in town.”
“I’ve been away for a couple of years. I went to Cherryvale to live with my sister for a couple of years after our parents died.”
“I’m sorry, Allison. That was thoughtless of me.”
“Not at all.” She touched the other woman briefly on the hand. “It’s okay.”
“Well...” Mary leaned on the counter. “I shouldn’t be telling you this, because they just called in the ad this morning, but Highland Nurseries is looking for help.”
“At this time of year?”
“That’s what I thought, but apparently this is their busy time. They grow a lot of stuff from seed, and something they call plugs. They told me it takes a lot of labour.”
Allison turned thoughtful. “That’s something I could do. Who’s doing the hiring?”
Mary glanced around the office to make sure she wasn’t being observed, then entered a few keystrokes on the computer. “Somebody called Paul Warner. I don’t know him.” She quickly logged off. “Other than that, there’s not much happening.”
Allison grinned. “Then I’d better get right over there. Thanks, Mary.” She stopped to admire the ring again. “Tell Matt to be good to you.”
“I will. Bye.”
* * *
Paul Warner strode toward her between the rows of waist-high tables, his hand outstretched. “Sorry to keep you waiting; we had a glitch with the irrigation, but we figured it out.” They shook hands. “You’re Don Ransome’s daughter, aren’t you?”
Allison frowned. She didn’t recognize him.
“I met your father through the Kinsmen Club when I first came to town. We were sorry to lose him.”
She liked his forthright way of speaking.
“I understand you’re looking for a job.”
“Yes.” She looked around the huge greenhouse. It was half full of trays, with seedlings in various stages of growth. “How do you manage to keep track of everything?”
“Very carefully.” He laughed. “You should see it in late April when we’re getting ready to ship to the nurseries.”
They chatted about the job. Allison was fairly certain she could be happy here, and told him so. It was a peaceful environment and she wouldn’t be required to interact with the public.
She left with a smile on her face and a job. She would start the next morning.
* * *
“Allison, hello. I’m sorry I wasn’t here yesterday.” Orla Flynn greeted Allison when she returned home. “I was visiting a friend down at Gold Creek.”
Danielle’s grandmother was a small, stylish woman. Allison had often wondered how someone so small could have produced Jake Flynn, Dani’s larger-than-life uncle.
“That’s okay, and thank you for letting me stay.” Allison hung up her coat.
“No thanks needed. This old house is far too big for one person.” She paused. “Technically, two, but I hardly see Danielle. She always seems to be doing something with that young man of hers.” She tilted her head sideways, birdlike. “So what did you do on your first day back in Independence?”
Was it really only a few hours ago she’d walked into Marty Slater’s office? She shoved that encounter to the back of her mind and forced herself to smile. “I got a job!”
“So soon?”
“I was lucky.” She told Danielle’s grandmother about the job in the greenhouse. “...and I think I’m going to enjoy it,” she said, almost to herself. “It’s peaceful.”
“And is that what you’re looking for now... peaceful?” Orla Flynn’s pale blue eyes seemed to see inside her soul.
Allison came very close to unburdening herself to the older woman, but managed to hold on. “Yes,” she replied, realizing as she spoke that it was the truth. “Peaceful sounds good right about now.”
“Then I’m pleased for you.” Dani’s grandmother gave her a gentle smile. “And how is your sister? I hear she has a new baby. Was it a girl or a boy?”
“A girl. Lindsey called her Katie, after our mother.” Something tugged at her heart; she’d missed seeing the baby that morning. “I’ll probably be going back to visit once a month or so.”
Orla sighed. “I can understand why you’d want to do that. They grow up so quickly.”
“Yes, they do.”
“Well, you make yourself at home and let me know if you need anything.”
“I will, thanks.”
Allison headed up the stairs and the older woman frowned slightly. Something wasn’t right with Danielle’s friend, but she couldn’t put her finger on it. Allison said all the right things and smiled at the right times, but behind the smiles, sadness lurked. Young women her age shouldn’t be pleased to find a ‘peaceful’ job. And yet, there was nothing she could do at this point, except to be here if the young woman needed to talk. 
* * *
Allison found herself looking forward to her monthly visits to Cherryvale. Dennis was rarely around, and Allison got in the habit of staying overnight. As time went by, the pain in her heart turned to love when she looked into Katie’s eyes.
“She smiled at me,” she said to Lindsey one morning, lifting the child to burp her after her feeding. “I really think she did.”
“Of course she did.” Lindsey hovered nearby, ready to leap into action if Allison should need help. “She’s a happy baby.”
Allison handed her back to Lindsey. “It means a lot to me, being able to come here and see her progress.” She gazed out the window. “Odd, isn’t it?” She turned back from the window and looked at the now sleeping child. “There was a time I was afraid to even be in the same room with her and now I look forward to visiting.”
Lindsey nodded, and there were tears in her eyes. “I’m glad to hear that. But how about you, Allison? What’s happening with your life?”
She sighed. “I still miss Cole like crazy, and I don’t think I’ll ever get over him, but I really like my job. There are even times when I feel happy.” Her gaze lingered on Katie. “For the first time in a long time, I have a feeling that we’re all going to be just fine.”
Chapter Seventeen
Cole ran his hand over the joints in the bench, feeling for flaws. There were none... not that he’d expected to find any. He hesitated to pat himself on the back, but he was amazed at how much he’d learned in the two and a half years since he started working for Bill. They shared a passion for perfection; it made for a comfortable working atmosphere.
“Does it pass inspection?” Bill had come up behind him.
Cole stepped back, his gaze moving between the three new benches. “They all look fine to me.”
Bill grinned. “Just fine?”
“Okay, they’re more than fine.” Cole still couldn’t bring himself to praise his own work. “Everyone will know they’re one of your designs.”
Over the years, Bill Woods had reworked the design of his most popular piece until it was not only aesthetically pleasing, but comfortable. Not satisfied with a standard set of plans, he’d modified almost every dimension, until his benches had become famous throughout the Pacific Northwest. In the beginning, he’d shipped a few overseas, but he confided to Cole that he hated wasting his time building shipping crates when he could be working on something new.
Cole had crafted the three benches from teak. They were destined for Otter Point Resort on Denman Island and he had hesitantly agreed to deliver them himself.
Dealing with the customers was usually Bill’s department, but recently the older man had been easing him into the role of customer service. He’d also tried to explain his unorthodox method of coming up with quotations.
“If you think they’re going to be a pain in the ass, add fifty percent,” Bill said. “That way, if they accept the price, it’s hopefully enough to make up for the grief of working with them, and if you don’t get the job, then you’re probably better off.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Damned straight.” They’d been sitting in a patch of sunlight, having a beer. Bill lit a cigarette and squinted at Cole through the smoke. “Never take a job where the customer holds all the cards,” he said thoughtfully. “It’s not a matter of disrespecting the customer, but of respecting yourself. If they sense they can push you around, they will.” His eyes narrowed. “Don’t let that happen in your personal life, either. You have a lot of talent; I can see that, but you have to be tough. This is, after all, a business.”
Bill’s words came back to him now, as he prepared to load the benches for delivery. They represented a good portion of the shop’s monthly income and the Lodge had promised to have a cheque on delivery for the balance due.
“What about these Lodge people?” he asked. “Are they going to be a problem?”
Bill gave him a sly smile. “I doubt it.” Cole wasn’t quite sure what the look signified, but he didn’t push the older man. As long as he came back with the cheque, that was all that mattered.
“Okay, then. Give me a hand getting these loaded and I’ll head on over to Buckley Bay in the morning to get in line.” He backed the truck up to the loading doors.
* * *
Cole sat in the ferry line-up the next morning, sipping at the coffee he’d picked up at Subway. In spite of his interest in Denman Island on that first day over two years ago, today would be his first visit, and he was looking forward to it. Tourists heading to the island for the day made up most of the passengers, and he watched the antics of the children with a tolerant smile.
He felt a lot older than his years; he’d be twenty one in early December. His stint in jail seemed like a long time ago, and if time could be gauged by attitude, it was a long time ago. He’d been adrift when he arrived here, and he was more grateful than he could possibly express that Bill had taken him in. There were times when he’d catch the older man sending curious looks his way, but to his credit, he never questioned... never interfered. Slowly but surely, Cole had felt the tension leave his body, and he’d thrown himself into learning everything he could about woodcraft.
He drained the coffee cup and started to incise a design into the styrofoam with his thumbnail. His skills didn’t equal Bill’s, but he was proud of the work he did, and continued to soak up knowledge every day.
His father and Marnie made it a point to visit twice each year; they’d been here in June and would come back in December to spend Christmas for the first time. Tempted as he was to ask his father about Allison, he just couldn’t. He suffered enough torture when he dreamed about her at night... with another man, and a child. Asking his father about her would simply rub salt in the wound. He was strong, but not that strong; Allison belonged in the distant past.
Tail lights bloomed ahead of him as drivers prepared to board the ferry. As he turned the key in the ignition he glanced over at the delivery paperwork. When he arrived, he was to contact the manager, Mattie Jensen. He wondered idly if the man was Scandinavian. If so, he would probably appreciate the fine quality of teak that Bill had sourced.
The ferry ride was remarkably short; he drove off fifteen minutes later. The island was lush, and Cole found himself automatically slowing down as he navigated the narrow roads leading to Otter Point. He was aware that the islands between mainland British Columbia and Vancouver Island offered a wide variety of mini climates, but this was his first experience. Denman’s beaches weren’t wild and majestic, like those around Long Beach and Tofino, but he was tempted to stop and do some beachcombing among the bleached logs that littered the shore. With the exception of his father’s visits, he had worked virtually every day since he arrived at Fanny Bay. He slowed the truck even more; perhaps it was time to make some life changes.
A young man met him at receiving. His green shirt was embroidered with the Resort’s logo, and announced to the world that his name was Boyd.
Boyd looked at the lettering on the side of the truck. “You must be from Madrona Woodworking. I was told to watch for you.” Cole backed up to the loading dock.
“I’ll just call and let the boss know you’re here.” Boyd disappeared into the gloom of the interior and Cole hopped up and started to untie the benches.
He was folding the padding from the first bench and storing it away when he heard the sound of high heels on the cement dock. She walked from the shadows into the brilliant sun and stopped several feet from the truck. He opened his mouth to speak but couldn’t form any words. She was quite possibly the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. He raised a hand to his mouth and coughed, but he doubted that he’d fooled her.
Her hair tumbled down her back, and a few strands framed her face. He supposed it would be called auburn, but caught in the brilliant sunlight, it appeared to be on fire. Green eyes the colour of good quality jade watched him squirm, and for a moment, he thought he saw a hint of amusement.
“I see you have my benches.” Her gaze went to the uncovered bench. This time there was no mistaking her expression; it was one of admiration.
“Actually, I’m supposed to deliver them to Matt Jensen.” Cole picked up a piece of cord and started to wind it around his arm. “I understood he’d be here today.”
“I’m Mattie Jensen.” She raised one shapely eyebrow. “Matilda to my friends.”
Cole nodded. She had him at a disadvantage, and she knew it. “My mistake,” he said evenly, holding her gaze. He extended his hand. “Cole Slater. I work with Bill Woods.”
She slipped her hand into his and his body threatened to betray him in the most embarrassing way. “Delighted to meet you,” she said, holding his hand a little longer than necessary. His heart rose up into his throat, threatening to choke him. He’d never met anyone quite like this woman before; he was out of his depth, and loving it.
“Let’s see what you’ve brought me,” she said, her voice low and suggestive. He could feel her assessing him, and yet outwardly she was circumspect. She walked onto the truck and ran her hand along the back of the bench, much as he had done yesterday.
“Did you make this?” she asked, stroking the wood with long, sensuous fingers.
“Yes.” He moved toward the second bench and started to untie it. “But it’s Bill’s design. He’s the one who perfected it.”
“Ah yes,” She was almost purring. “But you put it together... made the pieces fit... sanded and finished it into a thing of beauty.” He didn’t know how she made it sound so erotic. He started to do metric conversions in his head; it was the only thing he could think of to keep from becoming noticeably aroused.
He folded the padding from the second bench and started wrapping the cord. “If you’ll have someone show me where you’d like the benches positioned, I’ll level them for you.”
“Yes, of course. I’ve told Boyd where I want them.” She raised a hand and beckoned him forward. Cole hadn’t even noticed him lurking in the shadows. “Show Mr. Slater where the benches go, would you?” She turned to leave and then paused, as though she was about to say something else, then thought better of it and walked off.
Cole stared at the retreating figure and was startled when the young man spoke. “I’ll get a cart,” he said. “Be right back.”
Cole was levelling the third bench when he became aware of Matilda’s presence. Maybe it was her scent; it was musky and feminine, and sent his mind places it had no right to be. Determined not to let her intimidate him any further, he met her gaze calmly. “That should do it,” he said, gesturing to the bench, but looking at her. “What do you think?”
A slow, seductive smile curved her lips and she stepped closer. “I’m not easily surprised,” she intoned, “but they’re more than I expected.” They both knew that the conversation had nothing to do with the benches.
“By the way,” she said, handing him an envelope. “Here’s the balance.”
Cole had completely forgotten about collecting the payment, but he managed not to flush. “Thank you,” he said, folding the envelope and shoving it into his back pocket.
She watched him, her gaze roaming over his jeans as though she’d like to rip them off. “Do you have time for lunch?”
Thoughts of her had crowded his mind while he was levelling the benches, and he’d suspected that she would invite him for lunch, but he’d decided what his response would be. “I’m afraid not.” He met her gaze with a challenge of his own. “I have another delivery this afternoon.”
She nodded, and he had the distinct impression that she knew he was evading her. “Too bad,” she murmured. “Maybe next time.”
His gaze drifted to her lips and lingered there. “Maybe.”
She turned and walked away, making sure that he got a good look at what he was missing. He had no idea why he’d turned her down. Perhaps it was the way she came on to him so strongly. It was exciting, but he couldn’t help but think that in any relationship, she would want the upper hand.
Cole picked up his level and walked through the property back to the truck. By the time he was in line for the ferry, he was kicking himself for not staying. It was only lunch, for heaven’s sake. She hadn’t been offering to sleep with him.
Or had she? As he drove on the ferry, he recalled the sound of her voice, and the look in her eye. Who was he kidding? She wanted much more than a lunch date. And if he was honest, so did he. He’d been celibate too long, but if he was any judge of women, that was about to change.
* * *
Bill smirked as Cole handed him the envelope. “So,” he said, “she got to you, did she?”
Cole didn’t bother to deny it. “How did you know?”
Bill waved the envelope. “Cheque jammed in your hip pocket?” He chuckled. “You forgot all about it, didn’t you? I wish I’d been there to see it.”
Cole had to laugh. “It wasn’t pretty.”
“So when do you see her again?”
Cole shrugged. “I’m not sure.” He picked up a toy he’d been working on, but couldn’t concentrate. “But I have a feeling it won’t be long.”
And he was right.
A few nights later, he was back in the workshop after a light dinner. During the day, he set aside all of the usable offcuts, and at night he worked with them, often creating a variation of the wooden toy that had interested him so many years ago.
She stood in the open doorway, watching him work for several moments before she spoke.
“You didn’t call me,” she said, taking a step forward.
He acknowledged her comment with raised eyebrows.
“Were you going to?”
He put down the blocks of wood and leaned against the bench. Time to stop playing games.
“Yes,” he said simply.
She came forward until she was standing only inches away. It was all he could do not to reach out for her.
“How much longer were you going to make me wait?”
Little warning bells went off in the back of his head, but he didn’t hear them... or perhaps he was ignoring them. Either way, he wanted her as much as she evidently wanted him.
“Not much longer.” He reached for her and she stepped into his arms.
“Good,” she said.
And then they were kissing; a wild, urgent meeting of tongues. Tasting, probing and plunging as their mutual need threatened to boil over. This time he didn’t try to hide the evidence of his arousal and she moved against him with a low, throaty laugh that almost sent him over the edge. 
“I hope you live close by,” she said, eyes heavy with desire.
“Right upstairs,” he said, leading her out the door.
“Good,” she said. “Let’s go.”
* * *
He woke up sometime around midnight to find her watching him.
“I’ve missed the last ferry,” she said with a smile. “I hope you don’t mind.”
“Not a bit.” He reached for her again.
“Cole.” She pulled back and looked at him. “I want you to know something.”
“Hmmm.” He threaded his fingers though her hair and pulled her down for a kiss. “What?”
“I don’t do permanent, and I don’t fall in love.”
She wasn’t kidding; he could see it in her eyes.
“That’s okay,” he said, placing a kiss on the tip of her nose. “Neither do I.”
Oddly enough, that declaration seemed to bring them even closer together. They fell into an easygoing relationship, and spent several nights a week together. Although Cole would have liked to broaden their horizons, Matilda’s sexual appetites were almost insatiable and they spent most of their time exploring each other’s bodies. He suspected that he was the envy of every young man in the area, but that was not his concern. For the moment, he was content.
There were times when he almost convinced himself that he’d forgotten about Allison. Almost, but not quite.
Chapter Eighteen
“Happy Birthday, Auntie Allison.”
Allison opened her eyes to see Katie standing beside the living room couch. She’d arrived late last night, and had peeked in the child’s bedroom, where she’d been sleeping soundly.
“Mommy says it’s your birthday and you’re twenty-one.” She had trouble with the number, but Allison knew what she meant.
“That’s right.” Allison swung her feet out of bed and Katie crawled up beside her. “And you’re three.” She ran her fingers through the child’s silky hair.
Katie nodded vigorously, then changed the subject. “Mommy’s going to make you a birthday cake, but it’s a surprise.”
Allison held back a laugh. “Is Mommy up already?”
“Uh huh.” She squirmed and got down. “She made coffee.”
Allison padded into the kitchen in her pyjamas. She’d heard Dennis start the car and leave earlier.
“Hello, birthday girl.” Lindsey slid the cake pans into the oven. “Today’s the big day.” She poured two mugs of coffee and sat down at the kitchen table. “So tell me. What have you decided?” The sisters had endlessly discussed what they would do when Allison turned twenty-one and they came into their inheritance. The house had sold just last month, and when combined with their parents’ investments, the amount was more than enough to make them both independent.
“I’ve talked it over with Paul, and he thinks my idea has a lot of merit.” Allison had been considering buying a small ten acre property in Hidden Valley and growing flowers for drying.
“You’ve been working there... what... three years now? He’ll be sorry to lose you.”
Allison blew on her coffee. “I think he always knew I wouldn’t stay forever. And when I started sounding him out about my idea, he was amazingly supportive.” She nodded to herself. “I’ve learned a lot from him about propagating plants.”
“He’s the expert, that’s for sure.” Lindsey bit her bottom lip. “I should have asked you this before, but I didn’t want to sound like a wet blanket.”
Allison looked at her sister. “What?”
“Well if your idea about growing flowers, drying them, putting them in bunches, and selling them through the fruit stands is so great, why isn’t anyone else doing it?”
Allison had wondered the same thing. “I think because it’s so labour intensive. I mean look at the fruit industry. All of the orchardists replanted with intensive planting to cut down on labour at harvest time, but they still have difficulty finding pickers.”
“What about things like plowing, and planting?” She frowned. “And picking. That must be a big chore.”
“That’s true, but I can hire a lot of this stuff done. This first year I’m going to start small. I’ll need to learn which flowers grow best in the valley, and which ones are easiest to work with for making bouquets.” For the first time in years, she was excited about her future. “I can do this, Lins. I’ve inspected the property twice, and the soil is good. There’s an older style greenhouse which will do me for the first couple of years, and there’s an old structure that was a barn. That’s where I’ll dry the flowers. It’s dark, which is good, plus it can be opened up for ventilation.”
“Sounds like you’ve thought of everything. When can we come to see it?”
‘I’ll call you and confirm, but if everything goes as planned, I’ll be moving in two weeks.”
“So soon?”
Allison grinned. “I have a lot of work to do. I have to clean out the greenhouse and get the flats ready for the seeds.”
“You’re going to have enough money?”
“Plenty.” Allison eyed her sister. “What about you? What are you going to do with your money?”
Katie came running into the kitchen and Lindsey picked her up. “I don’t know. Put it in the bank for now, I think.” She kissed Katie’s cheek. “We’re doing fine the way we are.”
Allison looked at the happy mother and child, content that she’d done the best thing for Katie. “Yes, I can see that.”
“And you look happy, too, Al. I can hardly believe it. My baby sister, a businesswoman!”
* * *
Orla Flynn hugged Allison affectionately. “It’s hard to believe that you’ve been with us for three years.” She pulled back and looked into Allison’s eyes. “I’ll miss you, but I’m happy for you Allison, and I just know you’re going to be a success.”
“Thank you. It doesn’t seem fair, somehow. Both Dani and I leaving at the same time.”
“I know where you are if I start feeling lonely.”
Allison knew the likelihood of that happening was zero to none. Orla Flynn was one of the busiest people she knew.
The older woman continued talking. “As a matter of fact, I’d love to come out and see your greenhouse. I’ve always loved greenhouses. That earthy smell... you know?”
“Yes, I do. Every time I go into a greenhouse I smell promise.”
‘Promise?”
“That may be an odd way to phrase it, but to me a greenhouse holds the promise of growing things. The seeds putting down roots; sending up those first tentative leaves. They know their job: to become a beautiful flower... or vegetable... or whatever.”
Orla grew thoughtful. “Yes, I see what you mean. Promise. Well, I promise you that I’ll be out to see you in a month or two. I’ll give you a chance to get settled first.”
“I’ll look forward to that.” Allison pointed to the vaccination certificates on the table. “I see that Dani and Jason are ready for their trip. There’s lots of room for you in Dani’s SUV if you want to change your mind and come to the airport with us.”
“No...” Orla’s voice trailed off. “I’m not too fond of airplanes. Besides, they’re only going for ten weeks. They’ll be back before we know it.”
Allison understood her aversion to aircraft. Her son and daughter-in-law – Dani’s parents – had been killed in the crash of their small float plane.
“That’s true. They’ve become a real team, haven’t they?”
A proud smile lit the woman’s face. “I suspect they’ll be following in your footsteps soon and opening a business of their own. In a town like this, with a lot of older buildings, there’s a growing demand for renovations. They’ve realized that, and I think they’re going to open a construction company.”
“I didn’t know they were that far along with their plans, but then we’ve both been so busy this last little while...” Allison turned thoughtful. “At least I know who I can get to put up my new greenhouse.”
“You’re building a new one?”
Allison laughed. “Not quite yet. I’m getting ahead of myself. But if this business is successful, I’ll need a much larger greenhouse, and soon.”
“You girls!” Orla smiled. “I wouldn’t have dreamed that either of you would own your own business. And look at you now.”
* * *
“Take over the business?” Cole couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “But I know nothing about running a business.” He tightened the clamp, but kept his eyes on Bill. “What’s going on, Bill? What aren’t you telling me?”
He’d known for some time now that there was something different about his mentor. Bill had become quieter than normal, and a few times Cole had noticed him staring out the window, lost in thought. But he’d been too caught up in his own projects, or occupied with thoughts of Matilda, to figure it out.
 “Of course you can run it. You’ve been doing it for the past couple of years.”
He was right, of course. Cole had been with Bill for over five years, and for the past two, the older man had increased his responsibilities until he was doing everything but signing the cheques. And just last week, Bill had taken him to the bank and given him signing authority.
It had all happened so gradually, Cole had scarcely noticed. But now alarm bells started to go off in his head, and fear clawed at his gut.
“You’re sick,” he said, silently daring the other man to deny it. He thought back to his first day, and the way Bill had leaned against the band saw. He’d been sick even then, and Cole had been too wrapped up in his own misery to recognize the fact.
“How long?” he asked.
Bill walked stiffly over to the corner and sat on the stool in front of the drafting table. “D’you mean how long have I been sick, or how long I’ve got left?”
“Both.” Cole swallowed and prepared himself to hear the worst.
“I’ve got prostate cancer, son. Had it for ten years now, but it looks like my time has run out.” He fished in his pocket for a cigarette and lit it; a clear sign of how upset he was. Bill never smoked inside the shop. His hand shook slightly as he lit it. “Thought these things would get me first.” He inhaled deeply and looked around the room, his gaze touching briefly on each familiar piece of equipment. “After I’m gone you can sell out if you want, but it’s yours. I figured it was easier to do it now than wait until I die. I’ve signed all the papers over to you.”
Tears shimmered in his eyes. “You gave me a sense of purpose when you showed up on my doorstep, and I thank you for that. It’s been a real pleasure, passing on what I know and watching you learn.” He took another drag on the cigarette, looked around for somewhere to put it out, and spied a coffee cup. “I just wanted you to know that.”
Cole nodded, his throat clogged with emotion.
“As for how long, the cancer has turned aggressive. The doctors won’t predict these things, but I can tell. It’ll be within the month.”
Cole found his voice. “I don’t know what to say.”
Bill gave him a rare smile, his eyes full of genuine affection. “Don’t say anything. It’s a lot easier that way.”
* * *
The end came quickly, and Bill died three weeks later. He had no immediate family, and had requested no church service, but Cole was surprised at the number of people who showed up for the simple graveside farewell. Bill Woods had been a quiet, unassuming man who had touched many people with his generosity.
It wasn’t until he went back into the shop that he faced reality. Bill was really gone. Cole’s sense of responsibility rose to the fore, and he vowed that if one day he found a young man who wanted to learn, he’d be generous with his time and knowledge. He doubted that he’d ever be as skilled as Bill, but paying it forward was the best way he could think of to honour the man who had become his friend, as well as his teacher.
Cole refused to have a website. He and Bill had shared the opinion that their product was improved by personal contact with the purchaser. With the demand growing for his products, he began to choose among the many requests he received each month. Even so, he found himself overworked, and putting in ten hour days.
Matilda started to lose patience.
“But darling, you’re not going to work tomorrow. I was hoping we could spend the day together.”
It was late Sunday evening. Flushed from lovemaking, she was striding around the room, working herself up when she realized he wasn’t going to take Monday off. He had several important orders to complete during the week and couldn’t afford the time. Tucking a pillow behind his head, he watched her dispassionately. She was still the most magnificent woman he’d ever seen, especially when unclothed.
“I took most of today off. We could have had some time then.”
She brushed his comment aside with a wave of her hand. “Why would you even say that? You know the weekends are our busiest time.”
Cole shrugged. He was getting fed up with her demands. “Well I’m busy too, Mattie, in case you haven’t noticed.”
She stopped pacing and glared at him. “Busy! You’re gluing pieces of wood together, for God’s sake. You act like the world will stop turning if you don’t make another table, another chair. I can buy any of those pieces on e-Bay, and a lot cheaper, I might add. Why don’t you get a real job?” She grabbed her clothes and started to put them on.
“Excuse me, what did you say?” Cole couldn’t remember the last time he’d been this angry. “A real job? Is that what you said?”
“Yes! A real job. When are you going to stop playing with toys?”
“Matilda.” His voice vibrated with anger. “I think you’d better go.”
Her eyes flashed. “Gladly. Call me when you decide to grow up, Cole.” She strode out of his apartment and ran down the stairs.
The car door slammed and moments later he heard the gravel under her wheels as she pulled out. Overcome with a great sense of relief, he wandered over to the window and looked out.
He hadn’t known how little she thought of his business. He’d raised his prices in the year since Bill died, and had taken on a helper. Business was good... very good, and he was proud of what he’d accomplished. Matilda’s comments stung, but he supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised. She’d always treated his work as secondary to her career.
He turned back into the room and his eyes fell on the rumpled bed. Sex with Matilda was wild and passionate, but as the years passed, the passion had dimmed... at least on his part. What would the young guys in town think now, if they knew he was tiring of her? They’d think he was off his rocker, that’s what.
He pulled on his jeans and a shirt and went down to the place where it all made sense. Here in his workshop he knew who he was; a man who looked forward to going to work every day, and had no intention of changing. If she didn’t like that, too bad.
As he stopped and looked at each familiar piece of equipment, it occurred to him that he shouldn’t have been surprised at Matilda’s outburst. She’d never expressed interest in his work. What was he doing with her, anyway? Was he just with her for the sex? She’d made it clear from the beginning that she didn’t want more than that, and he’d accepted her terms. Okay, so he had an occasional case of the guilts, and tried to move their relationship beyond the bedroom, but she wasn’t interested, and he didn’t push.
She was as unlike Allison as it was possible to be. Allison, who had been supportive in everything he’d done. He knew without a doubt that she’d be proud of the way he’d expanded the business.
And then it hit him. He was with Matilda precisely because she wasn’t like Allison. With her, he didn’t have to worry about having his heart trampled on.
Dammit! Why did Allison have to enter his thoughts now?
Because much as he hated to admit it, at times like this, she had a way of creeping into his thoughts. He usually shut her out, but tonight he found himself wondering where she was, and what she was doing. Maybe when his Dad and Marnie came for their summer visit in a few months, he’d ask about her.
* * *
David caught his eye as he left for the evening. Hiring the young man was one of the best decisions Cole had ever made. Referred by Jack Bridger at the Correctional Centre, David had been incarcerated for burglary. The young man came from a completely dysfunctional family; drug-addicted parents who paid no attention to their children. David had been stealing for some time to clothe his younger sister, worried that she would be placed in a foster home if she showed up at school in the poorly fitting cast-offs their parents provided.
Ironically, the child was now in a loving foster home, but the young man showed no resentment. His positive attitude and eagerness to learn impressed Cole from the first day.
Cole acknowledged his protégé’s departure and continued feeding a piece of cedar into the planer. Since breaking up with Matilda, he’d taken on even more work, and he was slightly behind schedule. He hated to admit it, but he missed her presence in his bed. The knowledge made him feel shallow and perhaps he was, but it wasn’t his style to go out looking for women, and he certainly didn’t meet any in here.
There were times, like right now, when he imagined her scent, and his body came alive, recalling the way she responded when he made love to her.
He switched off the planer, and tossed his goggles and ear protection onto the work bench.
“Hello, Cole.”
Now he was hearing her voice. He turned around to find her standing in the doorway.
“I’m sorry for what I said.” She was either a very good actor, or she meant it. Either way, she was back, and she looked spectacular.
He walked toward her and her eyes darkened the way they did when they made love. Wasting no time, he flicked off the light, led her outside and locked the door, before leading her upstairs.
“Did you miss me?” she asked, removing her clothes and beckoning for him to join her on the bed.
“Foolish question,” he said, and proceeded to show her just how foolish.
It wasn’t until much later that he started to question himself. What had happened to the young man who, corny as it sounded, wanted the warmth of a committed relationship, and the happily ever after? But he was too relaxed, too physically sated to dwell on it. Perhaps another night.
Chapter Nineteen
Allison checked the label on the flat of seeds. Statice; the versatile flower that would be the foundation for most of her bouquets. She had ordered seed in a wide variety of colours, and the first leaves had broken through the soil yesterday.
“Isn’t this exciting?” she asked Tina. “Our very first crop.” She misted the flats as she spoke.
The cat raised her head, blinked, and then shifted her position. Allison had cleared a spot for her on a shelf in the corner. The animal somehow managed to jump up and find her way between the flats of seedlings without harming anything. A long-haired tortoise-shell rescue cat, Allison had been inspired to name her after Tina Turner when she saw the animal’s wild fur.
This was her favourite time. Shadows fell on the greenhouse at around five o’clock, cooling it down after the heat of the day.
Finished with her chores, Allison placed the mister back in its spot on the shelf and surveyed her handiwork. It had taken her four full days to wash down the inside of the greenhouse with a mild bleach solution. Unused for a year, mould had started to creep in, and Allison knew from experience that she had to stop it before it spread. Everything that could possibly carry contamination had been removed from the greenhouse. In a way, the purge reminded her of her own life. She was starting over, and this time she would be in control.
Movement up on the road caught her eye. A late model sedan had stopped by the sign at the top of the driveway. It was too far away to see who was driving, but as the vehicle moved slowly forward, her stomach clenched in nervous apprehension.
The vehicle circled the roundabout, stopped outside the greenhouse, and Orla Flynn looked at her through the windshield. It was an odd time to visit, but Allison was relieved that her instincts had been proven wrong.
“Mrs. Flynn, hello. Good to see you.” Allison held the open door of the car and wondered why Dani’s grandmother wasn’t getting out. “Are you all right?”
The older woman seemed to be in a trance. She got out stiffly and looked up at Allison. “It’s Jason,” she said, tilting her head as though she was trying to hear a voice in the distance.
“It’s Jason,” she repeated. “He’s dead.”
Allison wondered if she’d heard correctly. “Jason? Dead? But he’s in Central America.”
Orla gave her a sharp look. “I’m aware of that, dear, but he’s still dead. He was bitten by a poisonous snake.”
“A snake?” Allison was aware that she kept repeating what the other woman said, but her mind seemed to have shut down.
Orla nodded. “It’s unbelievable.” She put out a hand to steady herself and Allison rushed to bring her a folding chair from the side of the greenhouse.
She looked at the chair and frowned. “I’m okay.” But she sat down. Allison snapped open the other chair and sat beside her.
The older woman took several deep breaths and composed herself. “Danielle wasn’t making much sense when she called, as you can imagine. From what I gathered, the local farmers were burning off the fields that had dried out after harvest, and that drove the snakes out. Several villagers were bit, and the local hospital used up their supply of anti-venom.” She raised haunted eyes to Allison. “There was none left for Jason. He died of respiratory failure.”
Allison pictured the vaccination certificates on the kitchen table. Life was cruel that way; you prepared for what you thought might happen, but often it was something beyond your control that took you out.
But this wasn’t the time to dwell on her past. “What can I do?” she asked.
“Could you meet her at the airport tomorrow? The Canadian Embassy has been extremely helpful in getting the body shipped home, and it will be delivered to the funeral home the next day.” The speech seemed to exhaust her. “I can’t believe this.”
“I’d be happy to pick her up.”
Orla fumbled in her purse for the flight details and handed the paper to Allison. “Thank you, my dear.” He gaze drifted to the greenhouse and then back to Allison. “If you don’t mind, I’ll see your greenhouse some other time.”
“Of course.” Allison helped her into the vehicle. “And I’ll see you tomorrow, when I bring Dani home.”
* * *
Allison checked the arrivals monitor; the flight was on time. She was nervous and didn’t know what to expect.
At first she didn’t recognize her friend in the line of people trudging down the ramp. Dark smudges underscored the pain in Dani’s eyes, and her hair hung limply over her shoulder. She stood, lifeless, while Allison hugged her.
“He’s gone,” she said, pulling back. She looked confused. “Jason is gone.”
“I know.” Allison wrapped an arm around Dani’s shoulders and led her toward the baggage claim area. It was such a useless response, but she didn’t know what else to say.
The carousel started to turn and Dani jumped back, startled.
“Point out your bags, and I’ll grab them.” Allison offered.
Dani watched the bags tumble down, but Allison didn’t think she was seeing them. “Are those yours?” she asked, pointing to two bags fairly close together. They both had silver tape around the handles.
Dani nodded. Allison grabbed the bags and put them on the cart. “Okay, let’s go home. Your gran is anxious to see you.”
* * *
“I don’t know what to do, Allison.” Dani’s grandmother had slipped outside when she saw Allison drive up. She motioned into the house behind her. “I just checked on her and she’s just lying there in bed, staring at the ceiling. It’s bad enough that we lost Jason, but I’m afraid I’m losing Danielle, too.”
“How are his parents?” Allison had seen them at the funeral, but hadn’t spoken to them.
“They’re devastated, of course, but they seem to be holding each other up.”
Allison looked up to the second story. The curtains in Dani’s window billowed out. “It’s been over a week, Mrs. Flynn. Has she eaten anything?”
Orla Flynn twisted the embroidered handkerchief she held in her hands. “Almost nothing. I got her to take a few spoons of broth yesterday, but that’s all. I spoke to the doctor this morning and he said to give her another couple of days, but I don’t know.” Dani’s grandmother may be a small woman, but she had a will of iron. Allison had never seen her this emotional.
“Is it okay if I go and see her now?”
“Please do. It’s almost as if she needs a shock to bring her out of it...” Her voice trailed off.
“Let me see if I can get her to say something... anything.” Allison went into the house and climbed the familiar stairs.
Dani was humming to herself. It was an eerie sound, and to Allison’s ear it might have been a Spanish folk song. She was no mental health expert, but her friend seemed to be hovering on the edge of mental instability. The fingers of her right hand drummed out some sort of rhythm against the bedspread.
“Hi, Dani.” She’d greeted her like this every day since she’d brought her home from the airport and had always received a small smile in return. Today, nothing. Just that creepy humming... and the dancing fingers.
She closed the door, and pulled up a chair beside the bed. “Danielle, listen to me; I need to talk to you.”
Her friend’s eyes remained fixed on the ceiling.
“Danielle, I need your help.”
Was that a flicker of interest? A fleeting frown wrinkled Dani’s brow, and then disappeared.
“Danielle, I was raped.”
The fingers stopped, and the humming faded away to nothing.
“It was when I was living in Cherryvale. It was horrible, but I was afraid to tell anyone.” She wasn’t aware of the tears running down her face. “Even you.”
Danielle turned on her side, brought up her knees and clasped her hands together. She was basically in a fetal position, but it was progress of a sort.
“What happened?” she said. Her voice was scratchy, but it was music to Allison’s ears. They were the first words she’d uttered in over a week.
Allison felt guilty for burdening Dani with her story, but as she spoke, her friend slowly came back to life. By the time she’d finished, Danielle’s eyes were alive again. “I don’t think I’d like those people very much,” she whispered.
Allison gave her a sad smile. “No, you’re right. They’re not nice.”
Exhausted, Allison sat back in her chair. A range of emotions swept across Dani’s face as she sorted through this new information.
“That’s why you stopped writing to Cole, isn’t it?”
Allison’s tears started to fall again. “Yes. Partly.”
Dani’s eyes narrowed. “Partly?” She swung her feet out of bed and clutched at the edge. She swayed a bit, then picked up the glass of water from her bedside table and took a sip, studying Allison over the rim. “Oh, my God. You got pregnant, didn’t you? And Cole found out.”
Allison nodded. “The baby came while you were in Maui.”
“Lindsey’s baby.” It wasn’t a question.
Allison couldn’t help but smile. “Yes... Katie.”
Dani took another drink of water. “It’s all starting to make sense now.” She patted the bed beside her. “Come over here and give me a hug.”
The friends embraced for a long time. “I’m so sorry,” Dani whispered. “I’m sorry you had to go through that alone. I’m mad at you for not telling me, but that’s in the past.”
Allison nodded her agreement. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I wanted to, but every time I tried to get the words out, it was as if my throat closed up and I couldn’t talk.” She brushed back a piece of Dani’s hair. “There were many days when I wondered if those horrible things they said about me were true, even though deep down I knew they weren’t. It sounds like a feeble excuse for not confiding in my best friend, but that’s the way it’s been... up until now.”
Dani smiled through her tears. “Don’t ever hold out on me again, okay?”
“Okay. And I’m sorry about Jason. What do you want me to do?”
“Help me up.” Dani tried to stand, but she was too weak, and sank back onto the bed. “How long have I been lying here?”
“About a week.” Allison watched her friend hopefully.
Dani reached for the water again. “Would you ask Gran to bring me some soup? I think it’s time I started living.”
* * *
“So this is it.” Dani stood with her hands on her hips, surveying the greenhouse.
Allison looked up from transplanting. She really had to lower the volume on the radio if she didn’t want people sneaking up on her.
“Yup, this is it. I hope I’ll be needing a larger one in a couple of years, but for now, this works.” Allison straightened, and stretched her back. As Dani recuperated, she’d been keeping her up to date, but this was her friend’s first visit to her new property.
“What about the house?” Dani stuck her head back outside and looked toward the small farmhouse. “Anything worth seeing?”
“Not really. There’s potential there, and I’ll work on it eventually, but right now I need to focus on the greenhouse, and getting the planting done.”
“I stopped up on the road and looked down at the house. You’ll probably need a new roof in a couple of years.”
“And I have no doubt you’ll remind me!” Allison laughed. It was so good to have Dani back, even though she suspected that her friend’s heart would never heal completely. They’d both lost the most precious thing in their lives, and more than once, but they were survivors. She wondered idly what Cole was doing right at this moment, but she found that without knowing where he lived, she couldn’t picture him. It was frustrating, but probably for the best. 
She forced her attention back to Dani. Her friend was giving her one of ‘those’ looks.
“What were you thinking just now?” Oh, yes; Dani was back to her old ways. There was no avoiding her when she got like this.
“I was thinking about Cole, okay?” Her response came out a little more aggressively than she’d intended. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you.”
A knowing smile softened Dani’s face. “You still care about him, don’t you?”
She was tempted to deny it, but disavowing her love for Cole would be dishonest. Besides, Dani knew better. “Yes,” she said around the lump in her throat. “I care a lot.”
“So, go visit him.” Her friend was nothing if not direct.
“I can’t.”
Dani rolled her eyes.
“I sort of asked Mr. Slater about him, but he wouldn’t tell me anything.”
“Sort of? Is that like being sort of pregnant?” Dani slapped her hand over her mouth. “Oh, my God. I’m so sorry.”
Allison shook her head. “It’s okay. Let’s not ever be afraid to talk about stuff.” She gazed into the distance. “Deciding not to tell you everything that happened was one of the worst decisions I’ve ever made. I don’t want to go there again.”
“I know what you mean. I don’t remember much about those days after Jason died, but I recall that I felt so alone. That’s partly why I came down here today.”
“Oh? Not for my company and my sparkling wit?”
“Yeah, right. No, seriously; I wanted to talk to you about something, but first tell me what happened with Cole’s father. He’s always seemed like such a nice man.”
“He is, Dani. He was just doing what he thought was right. I asked him if he’d tell Cole that I asked about him and he said no.” The memory was still painful. “Then he said that if Cole inquired about me, he’d tell him I’d asked. I haven’t heard, so it’s fairly obvious he doesn’t care.” She took a deep breath. “So tell me. What’s your idea?”
Chapter Twenty
“What do you think of me starting a construction company? Jason and I had been talking about it for a while, and I don’t see why I couldn’t do it on my own.”
Allison thought for a few moments. “Why?”
“What do you mean, ‘why’? Isn’t it obvious?”
“Exactly.”
Dani stilled. “Stop being cryptic. I don’t like it when you get like this.”
Allison gathered her thoughts. “I guess I’m asking if this is something you really want to do, or are you doing it because it’s something you and Jason had planned, and you don’t want to let those dreams go?” She spread her hands. “I wouldn’t want to see you get into it for the wrong reasons. Sorry, but I had to ask.”
Dani was silent for several long moments. “Don’t be sorry; it’s a good question.”
“I thought so. I mean, we should all have reasons for the things we do, but they should be the right reasons.” Allison leaned against the bench and waited.
“I’d like to say something profound, like it’s something I’ve wanted to do all my life, but that’s not true.” Dani gave her a crooked grin. “When Jase and I helped Uncle Jake with his drive-in shed, I got hooked. At the end of every day, you can see what you’ve accomplished, and I like that. I’m not meant to work in an office.” She gave a little shudder to underscore her point. “Furthermore, I believe it’s a sound business decision. There are a lot of new people moving into the valley, buying older homes; there’s going to be a lot of renovation business. Uncle Jake has a lot of connections. So does Gran. The only problem I foresee is getting men to work for me.” She offered up a wry smile. “They’ll just have to get over themselves.”
Dani walked down between the rows of flats, and Allison watched her friend toy with her braid. She’d developed the habit at a young age; it was a sign that she was deep in thought. She turned. “So that’s my reason. What’s yours?”
Allison should have known she wouldn’t get away without the second degree. But she’d been thinking about this very thing ever since she moved back to Independence.
“Those three years I worked at the nursery, I was basically hiding out.”
Dani looked around. “You’re not exactly high profile out here.”
Allison acknowledged the comment with a grin. “Right, but eventually I’ll have to deal with people.” She looked proudly at the seedlings crowding every square inch of the greenhouse.
“Those people back in Cherryvale took something from me,” she said, her voice so low Dani had to lean forward to hear. “It turned out their friendship wasn’t real, so that was no loss, but I did lose the confidence I’d always taken for granted.” She drifted into silence for a moment. “Every person in that school heard the lies about me. The girls whispered about me, and the boys thought they’d score.” It was her turn to shudder. “I almost gave up, but then I’d think about Cole, and know that there was a light at the end of the tunnel. I knew that when he got out of jail, he’d help me to put things in perspective, because he loved me. And then he saw me about a month before Katie was born, and my whole world shattered.” She paused for a moment as the painful memory resurfaced. “But I don’t dwell on that any more. If I do, I’ll be stuck in the past forever. I have to look ahead.” She lifted her head and smiled. “It’s taken me this long to decide to take my life back. This is a small step – I realize that – but at least it’s a step in the right direction. So you see, we both have excellent reasons, which is why we’ll succeed.”
Dani nodded. “You’ve got that right. Just promise me one thing, okay?”
Allison nodded.
“Promise me you’ll let me remodel the farmhouse when the time comes.”
“Oh, Dani.” Allison laughed. “As if you’d let me call anyone else!”
The friends walked outside. “I see you hired someone to get the soil ready.” Dani studied the neat furrows the plow had left in the rich bottom land. “What about planting?” She glanced back into the greenhouse. “That’s a lot of seedlings.”
“I was thinking of putting an ad in the paper, but I don’t know...” It was the only thing she was unsure of. She’d make a decision about harvesting the flowers when the time came. “Come on, I’ll show you the old barn. That will be where I dry the flowers after they’re picked.”
Dani checked over the old barn and pronounced it safe. “I’ve got an idea,” she said, as they walked back to the greenhouse. “Why don’t you hire the Air Cadets? You could give them a donation or something. I’ll bet they’d love that.”
Allison recalled the efficient way the Air Cadets handled the parking at Light Up. “Terrific idea,” she said. “How do I contact them?”
Dani grinned. “Through Mark Neufeld. Shall I have him call you?”
“Do I know him?”
“I don’t think so, but you’ll like him. He’s a lawyer in town and he’s a few years older than us.” Dani seemed very pleased with herself. “I’ll call him tonight.”
* * *
“Hello, Allison?” The man’s voice was tentative; shy almost. “It’s Mark Neufeld. Danielle asked me to call you.”
“Hi, Mark. Dani probably told you her idea.”
“She mentioned it, yes. Would it be all right if I came out there and saw your set-up for myself?”
Allison was relieved. She hated talking on the phone. “Sure. What time is good for you?”
“How about tonight, after supper?”
“Perfect. See you then.”
* * *
It took Allison only a moment to recognize a fellow sufferer. Mark smiled, shook hands, and said all the right things, but an unmistakable sadness lurked behind his hazel eyes. She wondered if he was a widower.
“...it shouldn’t be too hard for them,” she concluded. “These are intelligent young men. I’ll plant a few samples of each type of flower to give them an idea of spacing, and I’ll be here to supervise.” Her dream was starting to come true, and she was getting excited. “And if things work out with the planting, maybe they’d help me to harvest later on.”
Mark smiled and raised his eyebrows. “Let’s get through this part first, okay?” He looked around the property, and his smile faded. “This is the old Sanderson place, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” she said, surprised. “How did you know?”
He looked miserable. “My wife and I looked at it, before we bought in town. I always thought I’d like to live out here, in the country.” He seemed to make up his mind about something, and looked directly at her. “I might as well tell you now, because you’ll probably hear about it. She left me last year.”
Allison didn’t know what to say, so she remained silent.
He turned toward the creek. “I always liked the idea of that creek. Do you feed the trout?”
She shook her head. “Haven’t had time.”
“Do you have an old heel of bread? I’d love to see if I can get them to rise.” He looked up at the sky. “It’s the perfect time of night.”
“Sure, be right back.”
Allison grabbed a couple of pieces of bread and they wandered the length of the creek, tossing bits of bread into the water and exclaiming when the trout rose, breaking the surface as they took the bread.
“Did you grow up here?” he asked. “The way Danielle spoke, it sounds like you two went through school together.” His face lit up when a trout came right out of the water. He had a nice, trustworthy smile.
“Yes. I left for a few years after my parents were killed on the highway, but I’m home to stay now.”
It was getting dark by the time they’d finished walking along the creek, and were back at his car. “Thanks for letting me feed the fish,” he said, his hand on the car door. “The boys and I will see you next Saturday.”
* * *
The planting went surprisingly smoothly; Allison was able to start the irrigation within a couple of hours. She’d provided a cooler of drinks for the cadets, and they fell on it gratefully, then wandered up and down the creek.
“Thank you for this.” She extended her hand. Mark shook it warmly, but seemed reluctant to look into her eyes. His gaze kept darting around the property, as though he expected his wife to pop out from behind one of the massive willow trees that lined the bank of the creek.
“I’m sorry if coming out here makes you uncomfortable,” she said at last.
He looked at her then, startled. “No, it’s not that.” A grin cracked the mask of his face, changing his appearance dramatically. “I’m just amazed that you have the guts to try something like this. You act as though you’ve been working the land forever.”
Allison was flattered. “Do I? Thanks. I worked up at Highland Nurseries for three years when I first came back to town, but I’ve never done any ‘real’ growing.”
“Really? Then I admire you even more.” He shuffled a bit. “Would you like to go to the car show this weekend? We could go to brunch first, and then wander around the park.” He seemed to be making it up as he went along.
“You mean like a date?” The words were out before she could stop them.
He flushed. “You’re direct, aren’t you?”
“Am I?” she challenged him.
“Yes, but I like that.” He took a quick glance around to make sure none of the boys were around. “I’m not looking for a girlfriend, Allison, but it would be nice to have someone to spend time with.”
She didn’t have to think very long. “That suits me just fine.” She held out her hand again. “Friends without benefits?”
He laughed; he was really quite nice looking when he loosened up. “Deal.”
* * *
“You’re going out with him on the weekend?” Allison could picture Dani on the other end of the phone, pumping her fist. “That’s great.”
Allison rolled her eyes, even though she was alone. “Now don’t go picking out your bridesmaid’s dress. He’s not looking for a relationship, and neither am I.”
“That’s what he says now.” Her friend went silent for a moment. “I’m happy for you, Allison. Mark’s a nice guy.”
“Yeah, he is.”
“Hey, I got my first contract yesterday. It’s not much, just a small reno, but it’s a start.” Allison could picture Dani’s grin. “I start tomorrow.”
“Virtual high five.”
“Back atcha. See ya.”
* * *
By the time the flowers were ready to be picked, Allison and Mark had established a close friendship. Apart from Cole, Allison had never had a male friend before, but this wasn’t quite the same thing. True to his word, Mark wasn’t looking for romance. They became familiar customers at the Blue Lantern for the Friday night buffet, and Danielle often joined them.
“People think we’re a couple, you know.” Mark sipped his jasmine tea. “Does that bother you?” He cracked open his fortune cookie. “Nobody else is going to ask you out when they see you with me all the time.”
“Are you trying to get rid of me?” She grinned at him to soften the words.
“Absolutely not.” He read the fortune. “Look, it says you’re going to have a good crop.”
“It does not.” She reached for the slip of paper, but he held it away. “But it’s true; I am going to have a good crop. Are your cadets ready to help pick?”
“Yes, ma’am.” He gave her a casual salute. “At your service.”
* * *
It soon became apparent to Allison that she needed help to trim and dry the flowers. After the first picking, she worked long hours, hanging them in the barn by illumination from a battery-powered light. Running power to the barn became one of the top items on her list of improvements, but first she had to find someone to help her with the next batch of flowers. Mark mentioned it to the cadets, and one of them asked if his girlfriend could apply for the job.
* * *
Penny’s eyes widened when she walked into the greenhouse and Allison tried to see it from her perspective. She was surprised at how quickly she’d grown accustomed to seeing the intense colours of the statice alongside the muted tones of the poppy heads, the soft pinks of the statice suworowii, and the silvery stalks of artemesia.
“Wow, this is beautiful.” Penny touched a rich purple statice. “I haven’t done anything like this before but I can already tell I’d like to work here.”
Allison warmed to the girl immediately. “Then let’s get started.” She showed her how to strip the excess vegetation, trim the stems and bind them together to be hung. When they had two wheelbarrows full, they walked together over to the barn and chatted easily as they hung the bunches for drying.
“Are you going to use sleeves?” Penny asked.
Allison frowned. “Sorry, I don’t know what you mean.”
“It’s just that I was talking to my mom about what you’re doing out here. She said that when you put the flowers into bouquets, you’ll probably use a plastic sleeve to put around them.” She grabbed another bundle of flowers and continued working. “She used to work in a big grocery store. The fresh flowers arrived in bulk, and they put together those bouquets you see by the entrance.”
“I hadn’t even thought that far ahead, but it would be a nice touch. I wonder where I’d buy something like that?”
“She mentioned something about a wholesaler, but I’ll ask her.” She trimmed the stems and started on the next bunch. “I’ll bet those wholesale places also sell ribbon. We could buy some inexpensive stuff and really make the bouquets look nice.”
* * *
Allison loaded the last of the dried bouquets into the back of her van. If business kept on improving, she’d soon need a small truck. Fruit stands up and down the valley were selling her bouquets as fast and she and Penny could make them. After the first month, she limited the outlets to those who paid on time.
“I don’t have time to chase them down,” she said angrily.
“You shouldn’t have to.” Penny was incensed on her behalf. “My dad operates his own dump truck, and he’s the same. I don’t know why people think they can treat small businesses like that.”
Allison hid a smile. Penelope may be a young teenager, but she had the makings of an entrepreneur. Her thoughts drifted. Penny was only a year younger than she’d been when her parents died; perhaps she wasn’t that young after all.
“... and I said I’d have to ask you.” The look Penny gave her was surprisingly adult. “You need a break, Allison. You’re tired. No wonder you didn’t hear me.”
“I’m sorry. What were you saying?”
“I was telling you about that new place downtown. They’ve taken over where the ladies wear store used to be.”
“That’s gone?” Allison didn’t realize it had been so long since she’d been downtown. Afraid of running into Marty Slater, she’d avoided it for the past several years.
“I know. Sad, isn’t it? Mom says it’s because of the big box stores in Gold Creek.”
“She’s right, I suppose. So what about the store?”
“It’s run by a woman named Maya, and trust me, she’s just as gorgeous as her name.” She paused for a moment. “Very mysterious. Anyway, she’s made half of it into an elegant little coffee and tea bar, and then you walk through an arched doorway into the other part, which is like a gift shop. Only nothing tacky.” She stopped to think. “As a matter of fact, it’s all quite pricy. Jewelry, artwork, some stained glass, pottery, wooden bowls... stuff like that. I was looking at the stained glass and we got talking about colours and I told her I worked here. She’d love to carry some of your flowers next year.” Penny beamed at her. “She says she’ll spotlight them as being local.”
Allison shook her head. “I’m going to miss you, you know that? You’re the most amazing young woman.”
Penny grinned. “Amazing, huh? Does that mean I can come back next year?”
Allison gave her a hug. “I’m counting on it.”
Chapter Twenty-One
Allison kicked the snow from her boots, rang the doorbell and then entered her sister’s home. 
“Aunty Allison!” Katie ran across the room and launched herself into Allison’s arms. “Did you bring me a present?”
Allison’s heart swelled with love and she couldn’t speak. How could she ever have been afraid to love this child? She was grateful every day that she had Lindsey for a sister.
“Katie, you’re not supposed to ask that.” Lindsey held out her arms and Allison reluctantly passed the child to her mother. “Let your aunt get her coat off, at least.” Katie was vibrating with excitement.
Allison followed them into the kitchen, where Lindsey was putting the final touches on Katie’s birthday cake. “I can’t believe you’re four years old already.”
“I’m a big girl.” She turned to Lindsey. “Aren’t I, Mommy?”
“Yes, you are.” Lindsey smiled at Allison. “Would you like some coffee?”
“Love it.” She flexed her fingers. “The road was icy.”
She sipped the coffee and watched her sister finish the cake. “Where has the time gone?” she asked. She and Lindsey exchanged glances. “It seems like just yesterday that she was born.”
“I know.” A car door slammed Lindsey’s smile disappeared. “Sounds like Dennis is home.”
Allison nodded. It had been fairly clear last month that Lindsey and Dennis weren’t getting along. Lindsey would tell her about it when she was ready.
“How’s my girl?” Allison watched Dennis scoop up his daughter. Whatever was wrong between him and Lindsey, at least he wasn’t taking it out on Katie; Allison was grateful for that.
“Hello, Allison.” He nodded abruptly. Nothing had changed there, but she didn’t care anymore. She’d stopped trying to please Dennis a long time ago.
Lindsey placed a candle shaped as a four in the middle of the cake, and looked up to smile at her husband but he ignored her. Allison’s heart ached for her sister. She deserved better. How long would it take for her to realize that? She wished she hadn’t planned to go back tonight, but the atmosphere between Lindsey and Dennis was tense enough without her adding to the pressure.
“Sorry it was such a quick visit.” She was holding Katie’s hand but her words were for Lindsey. Dennis had gone out again. “I’d stay and we could have a proper visit, but I have a date tonight. Mark has an event with the Air Cadets, and I promised I’d go.”
“Never mind.” Lindsey gave her a quick kiss. “I’m already planning to come down in February for your birthday.”
“Yay!” Katie jumped up and down.
“Good. I’ll look forward to that.” Allison let go of Katie’s hand. “Bye, sweetie.”
“Bye, Auntie Allison.”
* * *
 “I’m leaving Dennis.” Lindsey had waited until Katie was asleep. Allison wasn’t surprised at the announcement, but she was surprised at the amount of relief she felt. Lindsey had arrived looking defeated, and Allison had noticed something that looked suspiciously like a bruise on her sister’s forearm.
She looked directly at it now. “Has he hurt you?”
Lindsey looked down at her arm. “This was the first time and he immediately said that he was sorry, but I’m not sticking around for any more.” She sighed out loud. “You’ve seen how we are together; it hasn’t been good for a long time. I refuse to let Katie grow up in that sort of environment.” Tears pooled in her eyes. “I don’t even know if I love him anymore. That and the fact that I’m starting to be afraid of him clinched it for me.”
“Does he know?”
“We talked about it last night. He actually seemed relieved.” She cocked her head and gave Allison a wry smile. “You know what’s funny? The very thing that has caused the rift between us is what gives me the strength to start again on my own.”
“What’s that?”
“Our inheritance. I think he’s always resented the fact that I have money of my own.” Her thoughts veered off for a moment and she seemed far away. “He doesn’t make all that much money, you know. He opted for a share of the company in lieu of a salary, and they haven’t been all that profitable.”
“Huh. You’d never know it. He wears the best clothes and always drives a new car.”
Lindsey smiled. “I know. Anyway, I’m thinking of moving back here.”
“Really?” Allison hadn’t dared hope for that. “I’d be thrilled.”
“So would Katie. She talks about you all the time.” She swirled the tea around in the bottom of her mug, then finished it off. “Do you ever regret giving her up?”
Allison hesitated for a moment.
“Every day, but you’ve done such a good job raising her...” her thoughts drifted. “You’re her mother, Lindsey. I gave up that right, but I still love her. It would be like a dream come true if you moved here.”
“For me too. I didn’t want to move away back then.”
The sisters fell silent, lost in thought.
Lindsey was the first to speak. “Have you ever seen him?” She looked up. “Cole?”
“No.” She met her sister’s gaze. “I think of him all the time, but that’s in the past.”
Lindsey nodded. “Let’s go downtown tomorrow. I know it’s Sunday, but we can look in the windows of the Real Estate offices and get an idea of house prices.”
“Okay.” Allison didn’t think it was necessary to confess that she hadn’t been downtown for something like five years. “Sounds like a good idea.”
* * *
With Katie between them, they wandered the empty streets of downtown. “That’s the town Christmas tree,” she said to Katie, pointing out the towering fir. “Next winter, we’ll come and watch when they turn the lights on.”
Katie nodded, awed by the size of the tree.
“Come on.” She held out her hand. “Let’s cross the street and look in the windows of Ponderosa Realty.”
“This is a new store.” Lindsey backed up and looked for the sign. “Maya’s. What does that mean?”
Allison admired the elegant sign painted in golf leaf on the window. “Penny was telling me about this place,” she said, peering inside. “Apparently one side is a little coffee and tea shop, and the other side is for local arts and crafts.” They walked along, and she stopped abruptly. Featured in the window were several exquisitely made wooden toys. Whoever had crafted them had gone far beyond removing any sharp edges. The items had been lovingly sanded and finished until they gleamed in the spotlight. Her breath caught in her throat as she recalled that night so long ago when Cole had admired the wooden toys at the Light Up ceremony. And yet these were more sophisticated... more advanced. A small folded card sat beside the display and she leaned closer to read it. “Madrona Woodworking,” she said aloud. “Fanny Bay.”
“What?” Lindsey turned to see what had caught Allison’s attention. Katie was tugging on her arm, fascinated by a small wooden chair that was also part of the display. Large enough to hold a small doll, it was crafted from multi-coloured, laminated wood. The beauty of the items was in their simplicity, and Allison had a hard time tearing herself away.
“That display,” said Allison, looking back once more. “It’s foolish of me, but I have a feeling Cole is connected to those pieces somehow.”
Lindsey gave her sister a puzzled look. “Why would you think that?”
Allison shook her head. “I don’t know. Just because he admired some wooden toys once, but...” She shook her head. “Never mind. Let’s look at some houses.”
Six weeks later, Lindsey and Katie moved into a small house near the downtown area, and close to the elementary school. “She’ll be going to school before we know it,” said Lindsey, watching her daughter with an affectionate smile.
“Next thing you know, she’ll be asking for a cell phone.” Allison laughed.
“Yeah, or wanting to borrow the car keys.” Lindsey shuddered. “I can hardly wait.”
* * *
Katie took a deep breath and blew out the eight candles on her cake. “This is the best birthday ever,” she announced, looking at the smiling faces around the table. Dani and her grandmother, Lindsey, Allison, Mark, and Penny were the guests she had requested. A surprise party with her school friends was planned for the weekend.
Katie beamed at her aunt. “Did you see my new bike? When the snow is gone, I’ll be able to ride it out to see you,” she said eagerly, then turned to Dani. “Will the new greenhouse be finished by then?”
“Yes. It’ll be ready for the spring planting.”
“Goody. I love working in the greenhouse.”
“That’s what I hear.” Orla Flynn stroked Katie’s dark hair. “What do you like best about the greenhouse?”
“It’s peaceful,” she said, nodding her head for emphasis. “Sometimes Aunty Al has the radio on real soft, and Tina is sleeping in the corner.” A small sigh escaped her lips. “I just love it out there. And now I’ll be able to ride out whenever I like.”
Lindsey shot a glance at Allison. “With your aunt’s permission, of course.”
Katie looked at Allison, a frown marring her brow.
“I think what your mom means is that you have to let her know when you come out to visit.”
A brilliant smile replaced the frown. “Oh, sure. Mom and I always tell each other where we are.”
“That’s all right then. My doors are always open.”
* * *
“It only took me twenty minutes today.” Katie braced her bicycle against the greenhouse and stood in the doorway.
Allison looked up and smiled. “I guess you’ve grown a lot stronger since that first trip out here last year. Where does the time go?”
“That’s what Mom always says, every time she has to buy me new clothes.”
“Where is she?”
“Showing houses. She says these clients are a pain, but she’s determined to find something for them to buy.” Lindsey had passed her real estate exam and was chalking up the sales. Katie looked around. “What can I help with?”
“Well...” Allison pointed to some geraniums. “Maybe you’d put those in these special pots I bought. They’re for the sun deck.” After updating the interior of the house two years ago, Dani had built a massive wrap-around sun deck facing the creek. Most of the family gatherings took place out there.
Katie confidently tapped out one of the geraniums and transplanted it without any instructions. Allison’s heart swelled with pride as she continued what she was doing.
“Aunty Allison?”
“Hmmm?”
“How should I act if a boy likes me?”
Allison stilled. This was probably one of those conversations Katie should be having with her mother, but Lindsey had made it clear that she always answered her daughter’s questions.
“Well, let’s see. Do you like him?”
“He’s okay.”
“Then what’s the problem?”
Katie raised her eyes. “He tried to kiss me, and when I wouldn’t let him, he got mad.”
Allison’s heart started to pound.
“Trudy says he tries to kiss everybody and that I shouldn’t let it bother me.” Katie and Trudy had become best friends on the first day of school.
Allison let out a sigh of relief. “But it does bother you, huh?”
“Yes.”
“That’s good. You’ve learned to stand up for yourself, and that’s one of the most important things in life.”
“That’s what Mom said. She said that boys are different.” She rolled her eyes. “Like, I didn’t know that already.”
Allison tried not to smile. “I was watching one of those daytime talk shows the other day and the host said something interesting.”
“When do you ever watch television?”
Allison laughed. “Touché. I was really listening more than watching.” She pretended to glare. “Do you want to hear this?”
“Of course. What did she say?”
“She said that when people show you who they are, you should believe them.”
Katie thought for a moment. “You mean that Tyler has shown what kind of person he is, and we shouldn’t be surprised if he tries something like that again.”
“Exactly.” Allison could almost see Katie turning this new idea over in her head and examining it from every side.
“Aunty Al, do you think Mom will ever get married again?”
“Good heavens, where did that come from?”
Katie lifted her shoulders. “I don’t know. I see you, and Aunt Danielle, and Mom. None of you have boyfriends.”
Allison pretended to be offended. “What about Mark? Don’t you count him?”
Katie shook her head. “He’s not a boyfriend.” She looked directly at Allison. “I may be only ten, but I can see that. You like him, but you don’t love him.” She stared at one of the geraniums without really seeing it. “Have you ever been in love, Aunty Al?”
The question rocked her, and she clutched at the silver heart around her neck. She pushed away from the potting table and wandered down to the back of the greenhouse where Tina was sleeping in her usual corner. How could she explain Cole to a ten-year-old? She turned back to face Katie, who was watching her carefully. “Yes,” she said finally, her voice barely audible. “I was in love with somebody once.”
Katie glanced at the silver heart. “What happened?”
She smiled at her daughter, but it was a sad smile. “Things just didn’t work out, Katie. We were young and we both made some poor choices. Before we knew it, too much time had passed to put things right.”
“You still love him, don’t you?”
“Cole? I don’t know, Katie. It was all so long ago...”
“I think you still love him.” The child was far too perceptive; Allison couldn’t speak.
“Will you tell me about it someday?”
Allison fought for composure. “Maybe,” she said. “When you’re a lot older.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
“Cole.”
“Hmmm.” Cole lay on his back, relaxed after a bout of lovemaking, but as usual, Matilda wanted to talk.
“Have you ever thought about moving in together?”
He kept his eyes shut so she couldn’t read his expression. He’d had a feeling this subject would come up one of these days.
“Cole!” She shook him, her normal aggression coming to the fore.
He reluctantly opened his eyes and looked at her. After all these years, he owed her that much. “I thought you didn’t do permanent.”
“I knew you’d throw that back at me.” Her eyes flashed. She was on the verge of losing her temper, but managed to rein herself in. “I guess I thought that after all these years...” 
Guilt gnawed at the edges of his conscience. She was right; they had been together for going on eleven years now, and as far as he knew, she’d been faithful. Thanks to her sexual appetites, he certainly hadn’t needed anyone else. But was that reason enough to take the next step? The truth was, they had very little in common. They went out to dinner together from time to time, but that was the extent of their socializing. Between his business and her career, it had been enough.
But now... he shot a quick look in her direction, but she was staring at the ceiling. Had she sensed his growing unease? Did she know how frequently Allison haunted his thoughts? Probably. Matilda was extremely intuitive, and he didn’t doubt that she knew him a lot better than he realized.
She turned toward him and placed a hand flat on his chest. “Tell me you’ll at least think about it,” she said, trailing her fingers slowly southward. “And in the meantime...”
Cole’s cell rang.
“Don’t answer that,” she murmured, her hand close to its destination.
Cole picked up the phone, looked at the display and pushed her off. “I have to take this,” he said abruptly.
Matilda flounced off the bed and started to gather her clothes.
“Hello?” He listened for a moment, and then pushed a thumb and forefinger against his eyes. “And how long has he been like this?” The response startled him. “So quickly...” His words trailed off. He stood up, and for a moment the floor felt like it was giving way beneath his feet. There must be some mistake; his father was too young to be seriously ill. But he knew Marnie well, and she wasn’t a drama queen. He took a deep breath and marshalled his thoughts.
“Okay.” He held the phone out and checked the time. “I’ll leave here within the hour and drive up immediately.”
He shook his head. “No, thanks for offering, but I don’t want to fly. I can be there almost as fast if I come on my bike.” He listened for a moment, nodding. “Yes, I’ll phone you when I reach the mainland. If you leave the back door open, I’ll let myself in.” He nodded again. “No, don’t be silly. I’m glad you called. Thanks, Marnie.”
He disconnected and stared at the phone for a moment. “That was Marnie,” he said, then looked up, his eyes bleak. “My dad has lung cancer.”
* * *
Cole leaned on the rail near the stern of the ferry. He was going home to Independence. The dark, hulking mass of the island receded slowly, and it occurred to him that even after all this time, he didn’t consider Fanny Bay home. He tried to picture Independence, but couldn’t.
Independence and Allison were tangled together in one bittersweet memory; no wonder he’d stayed away. Recently, when he closed his eyes, he’d see her as she’d been the night of Light Up, wearing that silly toque; snowflakes dusting her hair and eyelashes. God, it hurt to think about her. And now he was going back...
He coasted into the driveway shortly after one in the morning. As he reached the back door, the light came on, blinding him.
“Cole,” Marnie whispered. “You made good time.” She held out her arms and he gave her a hug. He’d seen her just four months ago, but worry had changed her, leaving dark smudges of colour beneath her eyes.
“How is he?” he asked, fearing the answer.
“He’s sleeping,” she said. “We got him on oxygen two days ago, and he’s finally able to get more than just a few minutes of sleep.” 
He wanted to say that he wished she’d contacted him earlier, but what was the point? Besides which, his father had no doubt given orders not to call.
“Does he know I’m coming?”
She nodded. “Yes. I told him. He put up some resistance at first, but I guess he knew I’d do it anyway.” She patted his cheek affectionately. “You’re both stubborn that way.”
Cole stretched and looked around the familiar kitchen. “Could I have a glass of water?” He’d only stopped once the entire way, and that had been to get gas. She took the pitcher out of the refrigerator and he smiled; it was the same one he recognized from his childhood. When she was seated, he sat down across from her.
“Is he dying, Marnie?”
She laced her fingers together and stared down at them. “The doctor won’t say, but I’ve been online a lot. It’s advancing rapidly.” She pushed away from the table and stood up abruptly. “I just wish they’d be honest.”
Cole agreed, but didn’t want to upset her any more. “And I wish I’d been here,” he said simply.
“Don’t say that.” She touched him briefly on the shoulder. “Especially not to your dad. He’s so proud of you, Cole. Proud of your business.” Her tone softened. “Especially those toys you make. Every time Maya gets a new shipment in, he goes down and looks them over.” She offered him more water, and then put the pitcher away. “You must be exhausted, driving all that way. I’m going to check on Marty now, and go to sleep myself. See you in the morning.”
* * *
 “Katie you’re going to be late for school.” Lindsey looked up from the contract she was reviewing. “What in the world are you doing in there?”
Katie’s voice came to her from the office. “I’m looking for that permission slip. I can’t find it.”
Lindsey frowned. “It’s there somewhere. Sorry, I was re-organizing the desk. Just look under things; you’ll find it.”
Lindsey turned her attention back to the contract, but couldn’t concentrate. There was something ominous about the silence in the other room. She dropped the pen and looked up as Katie appeared in the doorway, her face drained of colour. She was holding a sheaf of papers, and Lindsey knew without seeing the words that it wasn’t the permission slip.
“Mom?” Katie’s eyes were wide, disbelieving. “Am I adopted?”
Lindsey closed her eyes. This was definitely not the way she wanted Katie to learn the truth. Why hadn’t she told her earlier, when she could control the time, the place?
“Katie...”
“It’s true, then!” She threw the papers at her mother. “And it says that Aunty Allison is my real mother!”
The words tore at Lindsey’s heart. They would hurt later, but now she needed to focus on Katie. “Allison is your birth mother, that’s right, but I’m your mother in every other way.” The words sounded hollow, as if they’d come out of some self-help book.
Katie stared at her, rigid with anger. Lindsey felt as though the world had stopped turning, and she was watching the scene from far away. A trembling child confronting a stunned woman. Why couldn’t she think of something to say? Something that made sense? Something that would ease the pain in her child’s eyes?
The school bus rumbled past, jolting them back to the present. Katie shifted her backpack on her shoulder, turned, and walked out.
Lindsey rose and went to the door. Katie walked her bike to the road, got on, and started to pedal. She didn’t look back.
Lindsey stood in the doorway for several long minutes, replaying the scene that had just happened. How could she have made such a mess of this? Should she go after her daughter and take her out of school for the day? Or should she give her time to think about it? The contract on the kitchen table represented a large commission, but she’d give it up in a heartbeat if she could help her daughter adjust to this new reality.
But she knew Katie; her daughter accepted change slowly. There were times when her analytical nature drove Lindsey crazy. She examined every new concept minutely, weighed the pros and cons, and then made her decision.
Lindsey wanted to run to her daughter, take her in her arms and assure her that everything would be okay. But she knew in her heart that the best thing for Katie was to leave her alone for a few hours. She’d stop by the school at noon and take her out for the rest of the day.
She hoped she was doing the right thing. In the meantime, she’d better warn Allison.

* * *
 “Katie Lawson, are you listening?” The teacher’s voice snapped her out of her reverie.
“Have you heard anything I said?”
Katie didn’t reply. There was something lodged in her throat and she couldn’t have spoken to save her life.
The teacher must have sensed that something was wrong, because she continued with the lesson. Katie feigned interest until the bell sounded for recess.
Nobody paid attention to her as she gathered her backpack and headed toward the bike stand. She was on her bike and pedalling in the direction of Hidden Valley within minutes. Her heart thudded in her chest, but this was something she had to do.
* * *
Allison hummed along with the radio and tried not to think about Cole. It was as if Dani’s comments this morning had conjured him out of thin air. The way he’d sat there, at the head of the driveway and looked at her had confirmed what she’d told Katie just the other day. She’d never stopped loving him.
After he drove off, she immersed herself in transplanting, grateful for the work. Working in the greenhouse was a pleasure, not a chore. She liked every stage of the business, but the quiet time with just the plants and her cat for company soothed her in a way that was difficult to explain. Leaving her cell phone in the house ensured that she wouldn’t be disturbed. Her business was successful now; anyone who needed to talk to her could wait a few hours.
She studied the selection of new plants she’d started from seed. Over the years, many people had asked her about cut flowers, and this year she’d decided to plant a trial bed. In an effort to see if fresh flowers were a viable addition to her business, she would invite a few select people to come and cut their own. It remained to be seen how they would treat her carefully tended plants.
Tina raised her head and gazed past her to the driveway, ears alert. Another visitor? She looked up the driveway. What was Katie doing here at this time of day? She should be in school. She looked angry, but Allison couldn’t be sure; she’d never seen the child angry before.
Katie stopped her bike in front of the greenhouse and let it fall to the ground. Allison watched her mutely, her gaze moving from the bike to Katie’s face. Something was very wrong. She opened her mouth to speak, but Katie beat her to it.
“Why?” she demanded, her voice throaty with emotion. “Why didn’t you want me?”
The pain in Katie’s voice clawed at what was left of Allison’s heart. She recoiled, and found herself backed up against the heated beds on the south side of the greenhouse.
“Katie...” She appealed to her daughter, but Katie was having none of it. 
“Why, Aunty Al?” She was trembling, but she stood there resolutely. Allison felt as though she was watching the scene from a distance, and had to admire her persistence. “I think I deserve to know.”
How many times had Allison gone over this conversation in her head? Hundreds? More? It had never gone quite like this. She’d thought there would be lots of time; she hadn’t even discussed it with Lindsey yet. What a mess!
“Katie,” she started again. “How did you find out?” She regretted the question the moment it was out of her mouth. What did it matter how she’d found out?
“I’m sorry,” she said quickly. “That’s not important.”
“I’m not important, you mean.” Pain radiated from Katie’s eyes.
“No, I didn’t say that.” She made a move toward her, but Katie backed up, one hand extended.
“Don’t touch me,” she said. Tears started to roll down her cheeks and she brushed them away angrily. “Just tell me why you didn’t want me.”
“I’m sorry, Katie...”
“You’re sorry?” Katie looked at her in disbelief. “You keep saying you’re sorry. Of course you’re sorry! You’re sorry I was born.”
“That’s enough!” Allison couldn’t let her continue down this path. 
Katie eyed her cautiously, but didn’t say any more.
Allison took several deep breaths. “I am sorry, Katie, whether you believe me or not. I’m sorry I’m not handling this better, but mainly I’m sorry because I can’t explain to you what happened... why I gave you up for adoption.” She made sure her daughter was looking into her eyes. “What I’m not sorry about is the fact that you were born.” She ached to reach out, but managed to hold herself back. “You’re the most precious thing in my life.”
Katie looked everywhere but at Allison. It was frustrating, but at least she hadn’t run away.
“You’re much too young to know the truth, but I promise I will tell you one day.”
Katie turned slowly, her eyes narrowed. “Is this about that guy... Cole? Is it about him?”
Allison smiled; she couldn’t help it. “No, sweetie. It’s not about Cole.” Tears burned behind her eyes, but she held them back. “I wish it was.”
Katie picked up her bike and turned to Allison. “So you’re not going to tell me?”
“No.” It was the hardest thing Allison had ever done.
“I hate you.” Katie climbed on her bike and rode off.
Allison watched her go. Her daughter’s words, while not unexpected, had stung, but in an odd way she was grateful for that last outburst. For a few minutes there, she’d felt as though she was dealing with an adult, but Katie’s parting remarks confirmed that she was indeed still a child.
She watched her daughter pedal up the long driveway, fueled by righteous anger. It wasn’t until she disappeared from sight that it struck Allison that she’d started to think of Katie as her daughter. 
The cat opened one eye, then went back to sleep.
“Well she is,” she said. Now she was talking to her cat! She left the greenhouse and trudged toward the house, dreading the upcoming conversation with Lindsey.
“Oh no! She came out there? Sorry, Al, but I tried to call you to warn you.”
“That’s okay. I was in the greenhouse, enjoying some quiet time.” She gave a strangled laugh. “Turned out it wasn’t so quiet.”
“I’m almost afraid to ask what she said.”
Allison would never forget the look on Katie’s face, or the tone of her voice. “She said she hates me.”
“She doesn’t hate you, Al. You’ve gotta know that.”
Allison nodded, even though her sister couldn’t see her. “I know, but it still hurt. Where are you?” She heard what sounded like a car door slamming.
“I was at the office, but I’m on my way home. I’d like to be there when she gets back. You know how it takes her a while to adjust to new things. Give her a day or two to wrap her head around this, okay? And I’ll warn you if she heads out your way again.”
Allison reluctantly agreed. “I hate the idea of having to wait, but you’re probably right. Thanks, Lins.”
She held the phone for several moments after she disconnected, wondering if she should call back. She’d forgotten to tell her sister about seeing Cole this morning.
Chapter Twenty-Three
Lindsey arrived home moments after Katie. She got out and opened her arms; Katie came running, and wrapped her arms around her mother’s waist.
“I went to see Aunty Al,” she sobbed. “I wasn’t very nice to her.”
Lindsey stroked her daughter’s hair. “I probably shouldn’t have let you go to school.” She sighed and pulled back, looking into Katie’s eyes. “I thought I was doing the right thing, but I guess not. I haven’t been in this situation before.”
The humour was lost on Katie. “I asked her why, and she wouldn’t tell me. She treated me like a little kid.”
“Well, I hate to be the one to break it to you, but you are a little kid.” Lindsey grinned.
“Oh, Mom. You know what I mean.”
“Yes, I do, but your Aunty Al is right.” She kissed her daughter on the forehead. “And before you ask... I won’t tell you either. I know that you feel you have a right to know, and I agree. You do, but not yet. This is a very personal thing, and Aunty Al has to be the one to tell you.” She tucked a piece of hair behind Katie’s ear. “I hope some day you’ll be able to tell her that you don’t really hate her.”
“She told you that? She told you what I said?”
“Yes. Let me ask you one thing... no, two things.” Lindsey walked into the kitchen.
Katie followed, looking at her warily. “Okay.”
“When you got up this morning, did you love Aunty Allison?”
Katie nodded slowly. “Yes.”
“So here’s the second question: Is she still the same person she was when you got up?”
Something dawned in the child’s eyes. “You tricked me!”
“No, I didn’t.”
Katie bobbed her head in a gesture of acceptance. “No, you didn’t.” She studied her mother’s face. “Know what I was wondering on the way home?”
“Probably not. Tell me.”
“I’ve always felt like I could talk to Aunty Allison. Do you think this is why?” She watched her mother carefully.
“Yes, I think that’s very likely. That, plus the fact that she’s an easy person to talk to.” She sat down on a kitchen chair and pulled Katie close. “She’s had some difficult times in her life, and yet look at her. You should be proud that she’s your birth mother.”
Katie gave her a doubtful look.
“Trust me, Katie Lawson.” She touched her daughter’s chest. “In here, you still love your Aunty Allison. You just need a few days to remember that.”
Katie hugged her mother. “Thanks, Mom.”
Lindsey held her daughter. “Let’s go out this afternoon, okay? We could start by having lunch together.”
“You’re not going to make me go back to school?”
“No. We could both use some time off. Let’s change into some casual clothes.”
Lindsey changed and wandered into the kitchen to wait.
“Mom?” Something unusual in Katie’s tone alerted Lindsey.
“Yes, sweetie?”
“Mom, come here, please.” Katie was in the bathroom. “Look,” she said, pointing to the toilet. “My pee looks funny.”
Lindsey stared at the pink urine in the toilet bowl. “How long has this been going on?”
Katie shrugged. “I noticed it this morning, but then I found those papers and I forgot to tell you.” She looked down at her feet. “And my feet are swollen.”
Lindsey did her best to appear unconcerned. “It’s probably nothing, but we’ll check with the doctor just to make sure.” She took another look at her daughter. “Your face might be a bit swollen, too, but it’s probably just all this emotional stuff we’ve been going through today.” She held out a hand. “Come on, let’s go. I’ll call the doctor’s office from the car.”
* * *
Cole knew that something had changed the moment he entered the house. Marnie met him in the mudroom, a worried look on her face.
“Your dad wasn’t able to get out of bed this morning.” Her hand trembled as she shoved back her hair. “I went to your bedroom to tell you, but you’d gone.”
“Yeah, I peeked in and he was still asleep, so I went for a ride.” He kicked off his boots. “Can I go see him now?”
“Yes. I told him you’re here, and he’s looking forward to seeing you.”
Cole took a deep breath and went into the bedroom. “Hi, Dad.”
“Cole.” Marty smiled at his son. “Thank you for coming.” He motioned to a chair. “Sit down, sit down.”
Cole fussed with the chair for a moment to hide his distress; his father looked even worse than last night, when he’d looked in on him.
Marty struggled to sit up, and then sank back against the pillows. “Marnie said your bike was gone when she got up. Went for a ride, did you?”
“Yeah. Went out to Green Lake.”
Marty gave him a knowing look. “You used to go there a lot when you were a kid.”
Cole nodded, and the two men sat in silence for a moment.
“I need to tell you something, son.”
Cole’s head came up.
“Allison came to see me shortly after you moved to the island.”
Cole eyed his father cautiously. “What did she have to say for herself?”
Marty sighed. “She seemed surprised that you’d left. She asked me where you were living and she also asked me to tell you that she’d inquired about you, and I said no to both of those things. I said that if you asked about her, I’d tell you, but that was the best I could do. I’ve often wondered if I made a mistake.”
Cole picked up his father’s frail hand. “That was the right thing to do. I just wanted her out of my life at that point.”
His father relaxed. “Do you want to talk about what happened?”
Cole shook his head. “Not really.” He gazed into the distance. “I saw her this morning when I drove by her place.”
“That’s right.” Marty smiled, as though the thought has just occurred to him. “She has a place out in Hidden Valley. How is she?”
Cole shook his head. “I don’t know. I didn’t talk to her.”
“Are you going to?”
“I don’t know, Dad. I don’t know if I can forgive what she did.”
Marty’s lips twitched in a semblance of a smile. “This is where I’m supposed to give you some deathbed advice that will change your life around.”
“Don’t talk like that.” He gave his father’s hand a gentle squeeze, and then placed it back on the covers.
“We’ve always been honest with each other, son. Now’s not the time to start pretending. I wish I did have some advice for you, but I’m afraid I don’t. I would say one thing, though. Don’t be too proud. Maybe you should hear what she has to say. Isn’t that what you’d want if the positions were reversed?”
Cole shrugged.
“You would, and you know it. Don’t forget; when you were in jail, that young woman called me every week without fail to see if you’d changed your mind about visitors. That should count for something.”
Cole was torn. “Why do you want this so badly?”
“That’s easy. You still care about her. Why else did you head out to Green Lake this morning?” He patted his son’s hand. “Just tell me you’ll think about it. That’s all I ask.”
* * *
“I’ll just talk to your mother for a moment while you give us a urine sample, okay?” The doctor handed a vial to Katie. “Do you know how to do it?”
She nodded and looked at her mom. “When I’m finished, can I go outside?”
“Okay. Where will you be?”
Katie grinned. “I want to look at those toys again. The store is open.”
“Sure.” Something about the wooden toys fascinated Katie. Every time they came downtown for dinner at the Blue Lantern, she dashed across the street to look in the window. “Wash your hands when you’ve finished, okay?”
Katie rolled her eyes and headed for the bathroom.
The doctor dropped Katie’s chart on her desk and sat down. “It’s too soon to tell, of course, but Katie’s symptoms are indicative of kidney disease. I know you’ve figured that out already, but let’s not jump to conclusions about the severity of the problem. We’ll be able to tell more when we test her urine.”
Lindsey moved to the edge of her chair. “Then what? I mean if it is severe.”
“Then we’d run some blood tests, and probably a kidney biopsy.”
“Will they have to cut her open?”
“No.” The doctor shook her head. “It’s done with a needle, but like I said, that comes later, and only if it’s necessary.”
Lindsey absorbed the information. “Is this normal? I mean, she’s so young and everything.”
The doctor looked down at the file. “Is there a history of kidney disease in your family? It would be helpful if we knew at this point.”
Lindsey bit her bottom lip. “Katie is adopted. I know the mother, and there’s no kidney disease in her family, but I don’t know the father.”
The doctor nodded. “I see. I just thought I’d ask.” She made some notes in the file.
“When will we know?”
“I’m going to put a rush on these tests. We’ll know tomorrow morning.” She checked the file again. “I see we have a cell number. We’ll call you as soon as we hear, so you can relax.”
As if. Lindsey forced a smile. “Thanks, doctor. I’ll be waiting for your call.”
Lindsey nodded to the receptionist and left the office in a daze. Why did everything have to happen at once? First Katie finding the adoption papers, and now this. Lindsey had survived the usual childhood diseases with her daughter, but ever since seeing the blood-tinted urine, she’d been almost crippled by fear.
* * *
The display of toys had been moved from the window. They now occupied a corner of the shop and Katie headed straight for them. Even though she considered herself too old to play with them, something about them fascinated her. She picked up a simple pull-toy and ran her hands over the wood. It felt warm to the touch... alive almost, and she smiled as she held it.
“Do you like the toys?” A beautiful woman with long, dark hair appeared at her side.
Katie looked up and nodded. “Yes. I’ve only seen them through the window before.” She didn’t notice the man who had come into the store behind her.
“My name is Maya and this is my store,” the woman said. She glanced at the man who had just come into the store and smiled in greeting.
Katie replaced the pull toy and ran her hand over a small hobby horse.
“That’s called a hobby horse,” Maya offered. “In the old days, most children had one.”
Katie nodded soberly. “I know. My Auntie Allison told me.” She looked around the store, noticed the man for the first time, and moved closer to Maya. “She thinks she knows the person who makes these toys.”
Maya raised one elegant eyebrow. “Your aunt? Really? That’s interesting.”
Katie studied her for a moment. “Do you know him? Is he nice?”
“I’ve never actually met him, but he must be nice to make wonderful toys like this, don’t you think?” Maya gave Katie a curious look. “Why do you ask?”
“Because my Auntie loves him.”
Maya smiled indulgently. “She told you that, did she?”
“She didn’t have to. I could tell by the way she said his name. She said it all soft and everything. ‘Cole’.” She nodded to herself. “She loves him.”
The little bell above the door rang and Katie turned. The man who had been looking at the paintings was walking down the sidewalk.
* * *
Cole had gone into Maya’s store intending to introduce himself. His dad had taken some of his toys into the store a few years ago, explaining that he did them to relax. He’d never met the woman, and wanted to correct that, but when he saw the young girl, his curiosity got the better of him. He rarely got to see children interact with what he made and wanted to observe.
When the child said ‘Aunty Allison’, he’d thought he was hearing things. His heart started to pound, but he stayed, rooted to the spot while she proceeded to crumble his carefully erected defenses.
Was the whole world conspiring to convince him to talk to Allison? He hated to be paranoid, but it sure seemed that way. He climbed onto his bike and sat there for a moment, reliving the child’s words. ‘Aunty Allison’: she must be Lindsey’s daughter. The child’s simple words, spoken with such conviction, had moved him deeply. He started the bike and pulled out.
Ten minutes later, he stopped beside the sign at the top of Allison’s driveway. He didn’t see her. Good... maybe she wasn’t there. He coasted down the driveway, admiring the tidy farmhouse and the huge greenhouse. On the north side of the property an old barn looked to be in pretty good condition. The door to the hay mow stood open and as he watched, a swallow flew out. He had no doubt that Allison intentionally shared her space with the birds.
He pulled up by the open greenhouse doors and looked inside, but she wasn’t there. He briefly considered going home, but that would be running away. He knew instinctively where she was, but did he have the guts to go to her? He turned around and headed up the driveway.
Chapter Twenty Four
Allison was relieved to see that the parking lot was empty when she got to Green Lake. She stopped just inside the gate and closed her eyes. The sweet scent of pine resin was strongly evocative and she inhaled deeply. For some reason, the air smelled sweeter here than anywhere else. Silly, really, but it seemed that way.
She paused at the spot where she used to sit with Cole, but couldn’t bring herself to stop. If she sat there, it would be as if she was waiting for him. She gave a short, mirthless laugh. Who was she kidding? She’d been waiting for him for the past ten years... more if you counted back to their last happy memory together.
She wandered along the bank of the lake. The land rose slightly here, offering a different view down into the deep green water. Much better. Maybe she wouldn’t be flooded with memories of him. She sat down, brought her legs up and wrapped her arms around her knees.
* * *
Her van was in the parking lot, as he’d known it would be. A little voice told him it wasn’t too late; he could go back. But a stronger voice urged him on.
She wasn’t sitting at their spot. He looked back toward the picnic tables, knowing that she wouldn’t be there, either.
He kept walking and spotted her farther along the bank, hunched over and staring down into the water. It occurred to him that he didn’t know her anymore; didn’t know what to say.
She turned, and her eyes widened for a moment when she spotted him. He waited for her to smile, the way she used to smile for him many years ago, but she just watched him warily as he approached.
“Hello, Allison.”
She nodded. “Cole.” She glanced at the ground beside her and he sat.
“I’m sorry to hear about your father.”
He nodded, embarrassed that he’d forgotten about his dad for a moment. “Thank you.”
She picked up a small pine cone and started to tear it apart. “You know, I’ve thought about this moment for years. But now that you’re here, my mind is blank.” She turned to look at him. “But I can’t talk to you like this.”
He frowned. “What do you mean?”
She swung her feet around. “If we’re going to talk, we have to be looking at each other. No matter how difficult that may be.” She crossed her legs, yoga-like, and he did the same. “Remember how we used to sit like this when we had something important to decide?”
The memory was so strong he could only nod.
“What do you want to know, Cole?” She touched the silver heart at her throat. “I’m sorry; that didn’t come out right. I know what you want to know, but the truth is, I’m afraid.”
It was all he could do not to take her in his arms and comfort her. Especially when he saw the heart. The crisp engraving had almost disappeared, and in places it looked as though the silver had worn away. Maybe focusing on those details would help to keep the pain at bay, and yet his need to hear the truth warred with his need to keep his own heart intact. It couldn’t possibly be any worse that what he’d imagined all these years. “Just tell me, Allison. It’s been eating at me for too long.”
She poured out the whole story. Her despair when he refused to let her visit, her continued faith in him, her determination to finish high school, and that fateful weekend.
Her bottom lip trembled as she related the aftermath of the rape. “Believe it or not, that was the worst part,” she said, looking into his eyes. “I couldn’t remember the actual rape, which in a way was a blessing, but when those kids took against me, it was like it was happening all over again. They took away my friends, my happiness, and my self-confidence.” She nodded to herself. “I should have told Lindsey, but she’d just had a miscarriage.”
She looked out over the lake. “I did so many things wrong. And then you got out early, and you saw me.” She looked at him. “That was the worst moment of my life. The look on your face...”
Guilt washed over him. “I didn’t know–”
“Of course you didn’t. I’m not blaming you.”
He looked at her then... really looked. Where it counted, she was still the same. “I wish I could take away some of the hurt.”
She grinned. “Me, too.”
They sat for a moment, lost in thought.
Cole spoke first. “Where is the child?”
Allison lowered her eyes. “For the first little while, I couldn’t bear to look at her. It was as if she was a part of him...” Her voice drifted off.
“I can understand that.”
She looked up, surprised. “You can? I thought you’d hate me for that.”
“No.” It felt good to admit it. He’d never hated her, in spite of everything.
His simple, one-word reply brought a small smile to her lips.
“So what happened? Where is she?”
“Lindsey adopted her. That’s one thing that worked out for the best. I’ve been able to watch her grow up. Her name is Katie.”
“And she has dark hair, about this length?” he indicated his chin.
“You’ve seen her?”
“She was in Maya’s today, looking at the toys.”
Her face softened. “Those are yours, aren’t they? I knew it.”
He picked up some pine needles, but his gaze held hers. “She says you love me.”
She didn’t deny it. “Katie said that?”
He nodded. “She did.”
“Huh. I’m surprised.”
“Why? Isn’t it true?” He had no idea why he was pushing her.
“It’s not that.”
She hadn’t answered his question, but he gave her a moment to gather her thoughts.
“This is beginning to sound like a soap opera,” she said, “but Katie found out just yesterday that she’s adopted. She came barreling out to the farm on her bike and confronted me.”
Cole gave a short laugh. “I can see her doing that.”
“It’s not funny, Cole.”
His lips twitched. “No, I suppose not.”
“She said she hates me, because I won’t tell her why I gave her up.”
“She doesn’t hate you.”
“That’s what Lindsey said.”
“You’ll tell her eventually, right?”
“Yes. Lindsey and I will make that decision together.” 
He nodded. “I only saw her for a few moments, but she looks like a little spitfire.”
Allison grinned. “She is. I thank my lucky stars every day that Lindsey wanted to adopt her.”
A comfortable silence fell between them.
“Cole?”
He looked up, but she couldn’t maintain eye contact. She might cry, and that was the last thing she wanted.
“Why did you cut yourself off?” She picked at a loose thread on her jeans. “That never made sense to me.”
“Because of you.”
She frowned.
“I loved you so much, Allison. I knew that if I saw you, or even if I read your letters, I’d crack. I’d tell someone that I didn’t commit that robbery, and they’d go after Timothy. I know he would have confessed, and I couldn’t let that happen.”
She absorbed his words. His use of the past tense hurt, but what did she expect? “You didn’t even read my letters?”
“No. But getting them every week meant a lot. When they stopped coming, I didn’t know what to think. If I could go back in time, I’d sure do things differently...” His voice trailed off. “You said you did a lot of things wrong. Well, so did I.”
She looked out over the lake. “Did you ever get married?”
“Nope,” he said after one heartbeat too many. “Still single.”
Something flashed behind her eyes, but she continued. “What about Timothy? Do you ever hear from him?”
He grinned... a glimpse of the old Cole. “I do. He tracked me down on the island and I get a Christmas card every year. He’s living in Vancouver and seems happy working in Hollywood North.”
“That’s right,” she said. “I heard something about that. And what about you? Did you ever learn about construction? Dani has turned out to be a top-notch contractor, by the way.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Really? No, but I was lucky enough to apprentice under a master craftsman who taught me how to build wooden furniture. He left the shop to me when he died.”
“I’m sorry he died, but I love that you’re doing what always interested you.”
He nodded, thinking how her reaction was so different from Matilda’s. “I’m a lucky man.” He glanced at his watch. “I’d better get back. Dad’s awake for such short periods now.” He stood. “He’s on one of those morphine drugs. They make him sleep a lot, but at least he’s pain free.” He reached for her hand and pulled her to her feet. The touch of her hand was nothing like Matilda’s. Matilda’s touch sent spikes of electricity shooting through his veins, but Allison’s touch gave him visions of long, lazy afternoons spent beachcombing and equally long nights making love. He pulled his hand away and they walked toward the parking lot.
“How long are you staying?” Her fingers flew to her mouth as though she might be able to shove the words back in.
“It’s okay,” he said softly. “I know Dad doesn’t have much longer. I’m staying ‘til the end.” He opened the door of her van.
“I’m sorry, Cole.” He was glad that they were separated by the vehicle door. There was no denying the attraction that pulsed between them, but this wasn’t the right time, and they both knew it. She climbed in and pulled the door closed.  
He leaned against the door for a moment. He didn’t know if he’d ever be able to find the right words to tell her how sorry he was... for what she’d endured, and for the way things had worked out.
He looked up to find her watching him expectantly. “Thank you for talking to me,” he said finally. “You’ve given me a lot to think about.” It sounded inadequate, but he didn’t want to pretend that they could erase all of their disappointment, all of their heartaches in the space of a few minutes. He pushed away from the van and started to walk to his bike, then turned back. “We’ll get together again before I go back, okay?”
He waited until she acknowledged him, then got on his bike and drove off.
* * *
Allison released a long, slow breath as his bike turned the corner and disappeared. Cole Slater had been attractive the last time she saw him, but the intervening years had added more than broad shoulders and chiseled cheeks. He moved with an intoxicating assurance that drew her to him like never before. God, he was sexy! There... she’d admitted it. He was sexy, he was successful, and he was going back.
He was a part of her past; he had moved on with his life and she would do well to remember that. As she started the van and pulled out, she wondered if the woman who had nabbed him knew how lucky she was.
* * *
Cole sat beside his father’s bed, watching him sleep while the oxygen machine clicked rhythmically in the corner. The nurse hadn’t been willing to offer an opinion as to how much longer his father would suffer, but he saw sympathy in her eyes, and knew the end wasn’t far off.
He was thinking of Allison when he became aware of his father watching him.
“You’re awake,” he said, stating the obvious. Why did people always do that?
His father smiled affectionately. “You’ve been to see her,” he said. It wasn’t a question.
Cole nodded. “That was a real eye opener.” He spoke the words he knew his father had waited to hear. “I acted in haste back then, Dad. I should have given her the benefit of the doubt.”
His father’s hand fluttered. “Don’t worry about things you can’t change now.” He studied his son’s face. “What are you going to do?”
Cole looked into his father’s eyes. He couldn’t bring himself to lie. “I don’t know, Dad. I just don’t know.”
“Don’t worry. You’ll make the right decision.” He reached out for Cole’s hand. “Just remember one thing, son. Don’t be too proud to follow your heart.” He winced in pain and looked down at the permanent injection site in his arm. “Call Marnie for me, would you? I need another shot.”
* * *
“Allison?” She was immediately alerted by the tone of Lindsey’s voice.
“Lins. What is it?” She couldn’t imagine anything else going wrong.
“It’s Katie.” Lindsey was close to tears. “She may have kidney disease.”
Allison braced herself against the kitchen counter. “Oh, my God.” Her mind raced. “She looked okay the other day. Maybe a little puffy in the face, but I thought she’d been crying.”
“That’s what I thought, too. But I’ve just come back from seeing the doctor for the second time and the test showed unusually high levels of protein in her urine. They’re going to do a bunch more tests over the next couple of days.”
“But she’s just a kid!”
“I know. The doctor says that kidney disease in children is not normal, but it does happen.” She paused. “He said it’s probably inherited.”
“But there’s no...” Allison gasped out loud. “Oh, no. Oh, Allison, I’m so sorry.”
“Stop it!”
Allison held the phone away, stunned. She couldn’t remember the last time Lindsey had shouted at her.
“I knew you’d blame yourself, and I won’t have it. This. Is. Not. Your. Fault.” Lindsey remained silent for a moment. “I mean it, Al. Don’t go there.”
Her sister was right. “Can I come over?” she asked, her voice small.
“Let’s give it another day or so, okay? She talked about apologizing to you, but the thought of these tests tomorrow has her nervous. She’s crawled into bed.”
Tears rolled down Allison’s face, but she wasn’t aware of them. “I’m scared, Lins.”
“Me, too, but it’s not a death sentence. I’m going to have some tests tomorrow as well to see if I’m a potential donor. Just in case.”
“What about me?”
“The doctor says there’s a better than twenty-five percent chance that I’m a match, but let’s take this one step at a time, okay? I need you to stay strong and help me out on this, Al.”
Allison nodded. “Okay.” She looked outside, but didn’t see anything. “Talk to you tomorrow.”
Chapter Twenty Five
Marty Slater died on the day Katie had her needle biopsy. Between Marnie and the doctor, everything had been arranged. Cole waited with Marnie until his father’s body was taken from the house and then went for a ride on his bike.
Outside of Gold Creek, he finally slowed and pulled into a small Provincial park. A few cars were in the parking lot, but he saw no-one as he walked along the trail to the small waterfall that gave the park its name.
He clambered down a steep embankment, then perched on a large rock at the water’s edge and made an effort to relax his shoulders. His father’s death had been expected, but that didn’t make his passing any easier. He’d been trying to outrun the pain all the way here.
He must remember to thank Marnie for calling him when she had. He didn’t know why his father and Marnie had never married, but at least his father had had the foresight to take care of her in his will. Thanks to her, he’d had the chance to connect with his father in a way that hadn’t happened before. He’d never discussed Allison with his father, and chances were he never would have, without his father’s illness. Why did people always wait until it was too late to say what was in their hearts? His father’s final words on the subject came to him now. Simple, powerful words that were enough to make his breath catch in his throat. ‘You’ll make the right decision’ his father had said. He wished he shared his father’s confidence.
* * *
“Cole, you’re home.” Marnie looked nervous. Not surprising, considering what she’d been through. “You had a call while you were out.”
He looked at her expectantly, hoping that Allison had left a message. Her calming personality was what he needed tonight.
“It was Matilda,” continued Marnie, gesturing toward a notepad and pencil on the counter. “She got your text and says she’ll be arriving tomorrow. She’s flying in and she’ll pick up a car at the airport.”
Cole didn’t realize he’d groaned out loud until he saw the look on Marnie’s face.
“Aren’t you seeing her anymore?” she asked.
“Yes, but...” he really didn’t want to explain. “Thanks, Marnie. Sorry if I startled you.”
“She made it sound as though the two of you are getting serious.”
He closed his eyes. “She’s good at that.”
Marnie frowned. “Will she be staying here?”
Cole weighed the alternatives. “Yeah, I guess so, if that’s okay with you. Could we put her in the guest room?”
Marnie’s eyebrows rose a fraction. “It’s all ready.”
“Good.”
* * *
“The guest room?” Matilda’s voice rose. “Are you kidding?”
“No, I’m not kidding, and lower your voice.”
“This is ridiculous.”
Cole was losing his temper. “This is my father’s house and I know how he felt. What I do in my own home is my business, but this is still his house, and here we play by his rules.”
She gave him a nasty look.
“Besides, it’s only for a couple of nights. If you don’t like it, I’ll find you a motel.”
Matilda tossed her bag on the bed and turned to him, all sweetness. “I’m sorry, Cole. I know this must be a rough time for you.” She slipped her arms around his neck and pulled his head down for a kiss. “I missed you, that’s all.” She moved seductively against him, and frowned when he didn’t respond. She pulled back, and he could see her planning her next move. Had she always been this calculating? And why was he noticing now?
More importantly, what was he going to do about it?
* * *
Allison pounced on the phone every time she heard the ring tone. When Lindsey finally phoned, she breathed a sigh of relief.
“Katie and I were wondering if you’d like to have dinner down by the lake tonight. We thought we’d pick up some hamburgers.” From the tone of her sister’s voice, she could tell that Katie was in the room.
“That sounds great!” Allison hated to admit it, but she was lonely. Danielle had gone to Vancouver for the day, learning a new estimating programme, and Mark and the crew had just left after planting this year’s crop of seedlings. The farm felt empty. “I’ll meet you down there.”
Lindsey and Katie were at a picnic table when she arrived. She’d stopped at the store and picked up some brownies for dessert.
“Hi,” she said, sliding onto the bench across from them. “I brought dessert.”
Katie fidgeted nervously. “Aunty Allison, I’m sorry about what I said.” She swung her legs around and came around to Allison’s side of the table. “I don’t hate you.”
Allison opened her arms and Katie crawled up onto the bench, her warm body pressing up against Allison’s. “Mommy says that this is hard for you, too.” She pulled back, eyes bright with tears. “She said I’m lucky; I have two Moms.”
Allison smiled into her daughter’s eyes. “I think you should call me whatever makes you comfortable.” She shot a quick look of appreciation at her sister. “You and your mom can decide that later, but right now I’m just happy to be a part of your life.”
Katie nodded. “Me, too,” she said. “Can we eat now?”
The adults laughed and Katie joined in. 
Katie took the left-over fries to the water’s edge to feed the ducks.
“I really shouldn’t let her feed those to the ducks, but I wanted a chance to talk to you.” Lindsey was a bit breathless. “We got more test results today and it isn’t looking good. They say it’s almost certainly hereditary and it’s something called glomerular disease.” She laughed nervously. “I’ve had to look that up several times.”
“Will she need a kidney transplant?”
Lindsey nodded. “And I’m not a match.”
Allison edged forward on the bench. “How soon can I get tested?”
Lindsey glanced over to where Katie was still feeding the ducks. “As soon as possible. The doctor wants to fast-track your tests and she’s already booking the dates for surgery.” She took a quick breath. “I can tell they’re worried, and so am I, but this is going to work out. I just know it. Apparently one of the top renal surgeons in the province is in Cherryvale.”
Allison found a strength she didn’t know she had. “You’re right,” she said calmly. “It’s going to work out fine.”
Lindsey picked at the brownie, and then pushed it aside. “I was sorry to hear about Cole’s father.”
“What did you hear?”
“He died yesterday.” Lindsey watched for a reaction.
“Cole didn’t call me.”
Lindsey’s eyes widened. “You knew he was back?”
“Yeah. I saw him a few days ago.” She pressed her fingers into her temples. “I’m getting mixed up on the days. So much has happened.”
Lindsey nodded agreement. “I know. How does he look?”
Allison closed her eyes.
“That good?”
Allison nodded. “But I’m pretty sure he has a girlfriend.”
“But he’s not married?”
“I asked him. He hesitated, then said no.” She looked at Katie. “He saw our girl. Apparently she was in Maya’s store, admiring his toys.”
“They are his, huh?”
“Yes.” Katie held up the empty container and the ducks swam away, one by one. “She told Maya that I love him.”
“And do you?”
Allison raised her eyes to her sister. “More than ever.”
* * *
Cole was surprised at the number of people crowded into the small church. His father had specified a simple memorial service with no casket, and Cole had honoured his wishes. On one side of him, Marnie stood quietly erect. On the other, Matilda managed to pose in a shaft of sunlight, her magnificent hair a beacon for everyone in the church. She was as beautiful today as she had been on the first day they met. Any changes were on the inside.
After the service, he made his way to the back of the church and thanked everyone as they filed out. Surprised at how many people he remembered, he felt nothing but warmth from everyone who attended.
He looked up to see Allison standing under a willow at the side of the churchyard. She must have slipped out before him. She nodded and started to walk away, but he ran and caught up to her.
“Thank you for coming,” he said, and extended his hand. She slipped her hand into his, and once again contentment flowed through his body.
“Who is this, darling?” Matilda had followed him across the lawn, high heels digging into the soil.
“Allison Ransome.” Allison stuck out her hand. “Cole and I are old friends.” There was a challenge in her voice and Cole bit back a smile.
“Pleased to meet you.” Matilda adopted the sultry voice that she usually reserved for the bedroom. “I’m Cole’s current friend.”
“Delighted.” Allison’s tone made it clear that she was anything but. She turned to Cole. “How much longer will you be staying?”
“Oh, we can’t stick around.” Matilda linked her arm with Cole’s. “Can we, darling?”
He shook his arm free and smiled into Allison’s eyes. “I tried to call you, but there was no answer. We’ll talk again, okay?”
She nodded. She’d made an enemy of Matilda, but standing up for herself had made her feel empowered. She turned and walked away.
Matilda kept a smile on her face until the church emptied out. “Who was that?” she spit out. “Your old high school girlfriend?”
“As a matter of fact, yes.” He glared at her. “And you were rude.”
Her eyes narrowed. “What’s going on here, Cole?”
He turned on her. “That’s what I’d like to know.” He spread his arms, encompassing the town. “I grew up here, Matilda, and I’m proud of it. If you don’t like that, too bad.” The outburst felt good.
“As a matter of fact, I don’t like it very much.” She looked triumphant. “I can’t wait to go back to the Island.”
He looked at her as if he’d never seen her before... and maybe he hadn’t. He turned to walk away, then came back to face her. “I think maybe you should go back, Mattie. He checked his watch. “There’s a flight every afternoon at four. You could be home easily by tonight.” He was tired of fighting. “I have to go and see the lawyer, and then I want to check in with Marnie to see that she understands everything. I’ll come home tomorrow.”
Her eyes flashed, but she didn’t argue. “Okay, if that’s what you want.” They’d come in separate vehicles, and she walked to the parking lot, no doubt expecting him to call her back.
Watching her go, Cole felt nothing but relief.
Chapter Twenty-Six
The sun had set behind the hills by the time Cole had finished with the lawyer. He’d needed to assure himself that the house would be transferred to Marnie’s name. Satisfied that his father’s wishes would be carried out, he went home, changed, and drove out to Hidden Valley.
He found himself looking down at Allison’s farm. Her van wasn’t there, but a pickup was parked in the roundabout and he coasted down, not sure what he was going to say, just knowing that he needed to see her one more time.
The greenhouse door stood open. He looked inside, surprised to see that almost all of the seedlings were gone. Empty trays were stacked haphazardly on the potting table, as though someone had been interrupted in the midst of cleaning them.
He went back out and spotted a figure walking between the rows of black plastic, ear buds in her ears. She seemed to be inspecting the irrigation, and he waited until she got to the end of the row and started back toward him. He waved to catch her attention.
“Cole!” she said, a smile lighting her face. She quickened her pace and met him at the end of the row. “I was sorry to hear about your Dad.”
“Thanks, Dani.” He found himself staring at Allison’s best friend. “You’ve changed.”
“Not that much.” She tugged at the braid that hung over her shoulder. “Still a tomboy.”
“You look good,” he said, wanting to compliment her but not knowing quite how. He had an idea that she didn’t know how beautiful she was. “I read about Jason in the paper.”
Her smile wavered for a moment, but she recovered quickly. “That was a hard time.” She wrapped the cord of the ear buds around her fingers. “If you’re here to see Allison, I’m afraid you’ve missed her.”
He raised his eyebrows.
“You haven’t heard?” She didn’t give him a chance to respond. “No, I can see you haven’t.” She paused for a moment. “Katie has been diagnosed with a serious form of kidney disease.” She frowned. “I can’t remember all the terminology, but she needs a kidney transplant, and Lindsey isn’t a match.”
Cole’s pulse started to pound. “So, Allison...”
Dani nodded. “She’s up in Cherryvale today, having the final tests. The initial tests show her to be a match, but there were a few more things they had to check out before they schedule the surgery.” She wound the ear buds into a tight little ball. “I wasn’t here for her... again.”
It was hard, watching her blame herself for being away. “I’m sure you didn’t plan it that way.”
She acknowledged his remark with a weak smile. “No, I was down in Vancouver, learning a new estimating programme for my business.” She cocked her head and looked at him. “Has she told you everything?”
He nodded. “Everything.”
Her shoulders relaxed. “I wasn’t there for her when she was raped, and again when she had the baby. I feel so guilty about that.” She pushed a stray piece of hair back from her face. “It wasn’t until after Jason died that she told me any of it. I’d fallen into a depression and it was her way of snapping me out of it.”
“Did it help?”
“Yes, it did.”
“Dani...” he reached out, then let his hand drop to his side. “You can’t fix what you don’t know. Don’t beat yourself up about it.”
She smiled. “That’s what Gran says.” She looked out over the rows of seedlings. “I really need to finish up here before it gets dark. I have two jobs going right now and I can’t come out tomorrow.”
“What are we doing?”
She smiled up at him. “We’re checking to make sure the irrigation is getting to each plant. They were just put in, so it’s important to check and see that there are no blockages in the system.”
“Then let’s go. We’ll get it done that much faster.”
When they were finished, Danielle went into the house and grabbed a couple of bottles of water. Cole sat on the back steps overlooking the creek and drank gratefully. “Assuming Allison’s a match, when will they do the transplant?”
Dani shrugged. “I don’t know, but I think fairly soon. Within a week.”
He looked into the distance. “I wish I could be here, but I have to go back.”
Dani remained silent.
“Could we exchange cell numbers? I’d appreciate it if you’d let me know when the operation is scheduled.”
She studied him for a few moments. “You couldn’t call her yourself?”
“I don’t think so.” He gave her a level look. “I have commitments.”
She nodded, but he could tell she wasn’t pleased. “And what do I say to Allie when she asks me if I’ve seen you?”
He drained the water and crushed the bottle. “Tell her the truth. Tell her I had to leave.”
She took out her phone and gave him her number. “Call me,” she said, and he did. She saved the number and glared at him. “Cole Slater, don’t you dare break her heart again. If you do, I’ll hunt you down and hurt you.”
He was glad Allison had a friend like this. “I believe you would,” he said, then slid the phone into his pocket. “I’ll talk to you.”
* * *
“Welcome home.” Dani was stacking trays in the greenhouse when Allison got back the next day.
“Leave those,” she said listlessly. “It’ll give me something to do.”
Dani narrowed her eyes. “You look tired, Al. Are you okay?”
Allison spied Tina in her corner, picked her up, and held her close. “Yeah. I’m okay.” She buried her face in the cat’s fur. “There’s just been so much going on, you know? Katie finding out she’s adopted, then the kidney thing, and Cole...” She was almost afraid to ask. “Have you seen him?”
Dani nodded. “He came by yesterday, looking for you.”
Her heart lifted. “He did?”
Dani turned her head away and mumbled something.
“I can’t hear what you’re saying, but I assume it’s not good news.”
Her friend faced her, eyes flashing. “He went back to the island.”
Allison exhaled slowly; she didn’t want to crumble in front of Danielle. “I guess that was inevitable,” she said finally. “I mean, his business being there, and everything.” She wasn’t sure how much gossip Dani had heard. “And he has a girlfriend. I saw her. She’s gorgeous.”
“He said he has commitments.”
Allison spread her hands. “At least he was honest.” Tears burned the back of her eyes. “I could have sworn that there was something between us when I saw him the other day... you know?” She sighed and gently placed the cat back onto the shelf. “But I guess it wasn’t meant to be.”
Her ringtone sounded and she looked. “Lindsey,” she said, and put the phone to her ear.
Dani listened to the one-sided conversation. “Well?” she asked, when Allison disconnected.
“It’s the day after tomorrow. I have to go up to the hospital late tomorrow and they’ll be doing the surgery first thing in the morning.” She gave her friend a confident smile. “I know you’re busy, so I’ve already talked to Penny. She’s going to take care of things until I get back on my feet.”
Dani reached for the cell phone in her pocket, then caught herself. “Good. You’ll be several days in the hospital?”
“Two to five is what they said.”
“No problem. I’ll make sure everything is taken care of here.”
* * *
“Are you nervous, Aunty Allison?”
Katie looked so small lying on the gurney. Allison glanced at Lindsey. “A little bit.”
“Me, too, but Mommy says I’m going to feel a lot better when it’s over.”
Allison reached out from her gurney and they touched hands. “See you later, crocodile.”
“That’s not the way it goes!”
Her daughter’s giggles were the last thing she heard as they wheeled her into the OR.
* * *
Allison was floating through the air, drifting side to side, like a leaf. Somewhere in the distance, she heard two nurses talking about a television programme they were both following. She was going to ask them when they’d be doing the operation, but couldn’t get the words out. She opened her eyes a crack, then realized she was dreaming. Cole was there, and his lips were moving. She knew it was a dream, because he was telling her he loved her. It was a lovely thought, and she drifted back to sleep.
* * *
Light crept in between the venetian blinds. Allison studied the pattern and tried to reach out to touch it, but something was holding her arm down on the bed. She moved her head and knew she was dreaming again.
Cole was slouched in a chair beside her bed, fast asleep. Stubble covered his cheeks and she ached to reach out and touch it. At rest, he looked more like the Cole she remembered... the young man who had always done what was right. She wasn’t sure what he was doing here, but she was content to watch him, to wait until he woke up. She’d take whatever she could get.
“Miss Ransome, how are you feeling?” A nurse swept into the room on silent shoes.
“Fine,” she croaked, her throat dry. “How is Katie?”
“She’s doing really well.” The nurse looked at the man asleep in the chair. “He insisted on staying here, even though we don’t usually allow it. Your sister vouched for him.” She held a straw for Allison to drink. “I’m going to give you some pain meds now, so you’ll probably go back to sleep.” Her gaze roamed over Cole and Allison felt a pang of jealousy. “Do you have any message for him?”
“Yes.” Allison smiled. “But I’ll wait and tell him myself.”
* * *
The next time she woke up, Cole was standing at the window, looking out. It was dark outside; she didn’t expect he could see much.
“Cole?”
He turned and smiled.
“What are you doing here?”
He came to her side, sat down and picked up her hand. “I had to come back.”
Her heart thundered, but she had to ask. “Why?”
He brought her hand to his lips. “Because I love you, Allison. I always have, and the truth is, I never stopped. I know that now.”
She straightened her fingers and touched the stubble on his cheek. “You do? What about what’s-her-name?”
“That’s why I went back to the island. It’s over.”
She believed him.
“Something happened when I got back there,” he said.
Allison wasn’t sure if she wanted to hear this.
“I stood in the middle of my shop and took a good look. As I was standing there, it occurred to me that I can make furniture anywhere. There’s an empty building here in the Industrial area that would suit me perfectly.” He enfolded her hand in both of his. “I know you’re going to want to be near Katie, and I’ve always loved this place; it’s a no-brainer.” He gazed into her eyes. “Please tell me that Katie was right. Tell me you still love me.”
She pulled his hands close and brushed the tips of his fingers with her lips. “I love you, Cole. I’ve never stopped.”
He closed his eyes. “Thank you.”
Epilogue
“Are you happy?” Cole asked. It was a gorgeous September day. Feathery clouds raced across the sky as they leisurely walked the beach on Vancouver Island.
“I’ve never been happier.” Allison’s recovery had been steady, and by the end of August, she’d felt well enough to get married and embark on a combined honeymoon and business trip. For the past several days, Cole had overseen the packing up of his equipment, prior to shipping it to Independence. David had decided to relocate as well, and would be accompanying the equipment and setting it up.
Cole slipped an arm around her waist and they wandered along in silence, their footprints in the sand the only evidence of their passing.
“Would you like to sit for a while?” he asked, gesturing toward a beached log.
“Okay.” She studied the man she’d loved for almost half of her life, and knew that she’d love him forever. “I still can’t believe it,” she said, but the sparkle in her eyes said otherwise. “Do you think we rushed into it?”
“Are you kidding?” He shook his head emphatically. “We waited long enough.” He picked up a shell and presented it to her. “But I think Katie was a bit disappointed that she couldn’t come along.”
“She’ll have the rest of her life to get to know her Uncle Cole.” Allison slid off the log, tugged at his hand and led him back toward the private beach house they’d rented.
“Speaking of getting to know you, do you think you could show me again what I’ve been missing all these years?”
With a whoop of delight, he picked her up and carried her through the door. “With pleasure, Mrs. Slater.”


The End

* * *


Message from the author:
Thank you for reading.
If you enjoyed this book, I would be grateful for a review where you purchased it.

* * *

About the Author:
Mona Ingram is the author of more than four dozen romances. Many of her stories take place in British Columbia, where she has lived since the age of twelve. In recent years, she has lived in the Okanagan Valley and on Vancouver Island. In addition to reading and writing, traveling and bird watching are among Mona's favorite pastimes.

* * *


Please keep reading for an
Excerpt from Book Two of the series:
The Last Goodbye

* * *

Chapter One


The jet carrying the movie people was due to land any moment. Danielle draped her arms over the top rail of the fence and listened for the sound.
She still didn’t understand why her Uncle Jake had allowed the production company to shoot on his ranch. He certainly didn’t need the money, or the upheaval that would inevitably take place. But she did understand friendship, and Jake Flynn’s long-time friend Sean Elliott was the producer on this film.
She glanced at her uncle as they waited for the Gulfstream. Not for the first time, she wondered how he’d managed to stay single all these years. “Big Jake” Flynn had a reputation as a confirmed bachelor, but who exactly had ‘confirmed’ his bachelor status?
How did other people see him? The silver streaks in his hair and moustache were offset by a darkly tanned face. Still strikingly handsome in his late forties, she knew several women in the nearby town of Independence who would be more than delighted to put an end to his single days. A respected rancher, he not only owned the largest spread in the southern part of British Columbia, he was a savvy investor as well. Very few people knew that Jake Flynn was wealthy in his own right.
She turned away so it wasn’t so obvious that she was studying him. Sometimes he was an enigma, even to her. Educated at Wharton, of all places, he’d chosen to come back to Independence and run the family ranch when her parents and her grandfather had died within a few months of each other. He didn’t seem to resent the responsibility thrust upon him; as a matter of fact he was probably the most content man she knew.
She leaned over the fence. The runway was a prime example of Jake’s quiet determination. He’d wanted it to be long enough to accommodate his friend’s Gulfstream, so he’d had the existing landing strip extended and improved. It was as simple as that.
The high pitched whine of a jet broke into her thoughts and she backed away from the fence, shading her eyes to scan the sky. There was very little wind today, and judging by the windsock fluttering listlessly on the pole by the hangar, the pilot would be making his approach from the south. She turned and caught the flash of a reflection, and for a moment, the Gulfstream seemed to hang suspended in the air.
She glanced over at Big Jake, just in time to notice a change in his body language. Alert now, his eyes narrowed as he judged the competence of the pilot. A pilot himself, with thousands of hours in his logbook, Jake flew his own Cessna all over North America, but he’d confided in her once that his dream was to get checked out on small jets. Finding the time was something else.
The dark blue aircraft touched down at the end of the runway, and the sound of the engines reversing reached them moments later. Sunlight glinted off the silver star on the tail. Apart from the call sign, no other markings identified the aircraft, and Danielle admired the restraint of the owner.
“Starfire Productions”, said Jake, as though he’d read her mind. He looked more alive than she’d seen him in ages. “What a sweet ride.”
Danielle nodded and tried to look impressed. She loved her uncle, and understood his fascination with aircraft, but in her limited experience, private jets were the toys of the wealthy... people who thought the rules didn’t apply to them. She thought about that for a moment and admitted to herself that she probably shouldn’t make judgments based on what she saw on television.
“What’s your friend like?” she asked, injecting enthusiasm into her voice. The pilot taxied in close, cutting the engines as the nose gear came to rest in the circle on the tarmac.
Jake’s reply was loud in the ensuing silence. “He’s great.” He coughed self-consciously and lowered his voice. “You’ll like him.” Jake and Sean had studied finance together at Wharton, and the friendship was as strong today as it had been all those years ago.
The door opened and the steps unfolded slowly. Jake continued to lean against the fence, an eager smile on his face.
The bottom half of a man appeared in the door, wearing a pair of faded jeans and well-worn cowboy boots. He came down the steps and looked around, his gaze resting lightly on Jake and Danielle before taking in the rest of the valley. He was too young to be the producer. This man was in his early thirties; he looked tired, and he needed a shave. Or was that the look affected by so many models and actors these days?
She watched him carefully as he took in his surroundings. No, he was tired. She may not know the man, but she could tell that he needed the peace and quiet of Green Lake Ranch in the worst way.
Too bad he was part of the movie crew; it was unlikely he’d get much rest once filming started. “Who’s that?” she asked, eager to get an early start on learning the key players. She’d met Scott Bailey, “The First”, and Marty Milner, the Second AD a couple of months back, when they’d been scouting the location. Only a few key people were expected today, but she might as well get a head start on their names.
Jake shot her a quick look. “That’s the Director, Grayson Crawford. He’s...” His voice trailed off. Danielle frowned and turned back to the aircraft to see what had distracted him.
The man in jeans had extended his hand to a woman who stood tentatively in the open door. Somewhere in her forties, she could only be described as lushly beautiful.
Jake’s boot scraped on the tarmac as he straightened. His gaze was riveted on the woman as she walked down the stairs. He sucked in his gut and pulled his hat slightly lower over his eyes. Danielle smiled to herself as she watched her uncle’s response. It struck her that even though she’d spent every summer on the ranch since she turned eight, she didn’t really know him. They rarely discussed personal issues; those she talked over with her grandmother, or with Jake’s housekeeper Esperanza.
Another figure appeared in the doorway of the jet, breaking Jake out of his trance. He swallowed, and rubbed his hands down the side of his jeans. “There’s Sean,” he said, regaining his voice. “I guess I’d better go and welcome them.”
Danielle nodded silently. She’d never met Sean Elliott, in spite of the fact that he’d visited often over the years. Growing up, she’d been a busy young woman, and they’d always missed one another. She looked forward to finally meeting the producer, but she’d give the old friends time to catch up; she would see him tonight at dinner. Besides, she wanted to check the progress of the set she’d been working on.
The movie – as yet unnamed – was basically a love triangle involving two brothers, one of whom has been recently paralyzed in a fall from a horse. In the story, the second brother arrives for a visit, and falls in love with the paralyzed man’s wife. Danielle thought of it as The Bridges of Madison County meets An Affair To Remember.
Thanks to the friendship between her uncle and Sean Elliott, the choice of Green Lake Ranch for most of the exterior shots had been a foregone conclusion. When the producer had learned that she owned a construction company specializing in renovations, he’d quietly steered some of the construction work her way... as much as he could and still keep the unions happy. She had also agreed to serve as standby carpenter to the film while they were immersed in principal photography.
As part of his duties as Second AD, Marty Milner had chosen one of the two large barns on the property as the perfect place to build the set for one of the important scenes in the movie. Danielle’s company had contracted to create a tack room according to the plans provided. She’d done most of the work herself, and was proud of what she’d accomplished. All that was left to do before the set dressers went to work was to apply an ‘aging’ compound to the wood.
Green Lake Ranch had been a dude ranch before Jake purchased it. As a result, it had two large barns, a long, low stable building, a well equipped bunkhouse, and several cabins near the main house. Over the years, Jake had added a large barbeque area, located strategically near the cabins and the bunkhouse. Located some distance away, a hangar for Jake’s Cessna and a drive-in shed for the growing collection of farm equipment added to the outbuildings. From the air, the area around the big house resembled a small town.
Almost at the barn, Danielle slowed for a moment, taking in the familiar scene. Over the next couple of days, the crews would arrive and everything would change. Already several portable buildings lined the road leading into the ranch, and more were arriving tomorrow. This production was comparatively uncomplicated, but even so, the meticulous planning was mind-boggling.
She walked into the barn and waited a moment for her eyes to adjust. The tack room set was nearing completion and she stood back to admire it. “Hey, Nick.” She greeted her foreman. “How’s it going?” Thank goodness for Nick’s loyalty; he’d chosen to stay when Bryce had poached some of her best employees last month. She gave herself a mental shake. Best not to think of that now.
Nick stood up, brush in hand. “This stuff is great.” He’d almost finished applying the compound, completing the effect of an old, well-used tack room. The literature accompanying the product had called it “instant aging”.
“Do you mind if I give it a go?” Danielle took the proffered brush, held it to her nose and made a face. “Smells terrible.”
Nick laughed. “Why do you think I passed it over so quickly?” He pointed to a spot down low on the tack room wall. “That will probably be covered by straw bales, but I want to do it right. You can try it out there.”
Chapter Two
Grayson released Carmen’s hand and looked up to see the tall man approaching. He’d spotted him earlier, leaning against the fence with a young woman... probably his daughter. He looked for her but she’d disappeared.
“Sean!” The man extended his hand. “Good to see you again.”
Grayson worked to hide his surprise. So this was the owner of the ranch. Sean had pointed out the extent of the man’s holdings as they flew over the property, and he’d imagined Sean’s friend as more of a businessman. The man before him moved with the loose-limbed gait of a cowboy, and the sweat band on his hat was stained with real sweat. Grayson had seen enough movie prop hats to spot the difference. He liked the man already.
The ranch owner stumbled over his words as Sean introduced him to Carmen. Grayson had to look away to hide his amusement. Carmen affected men like this on a regular basis; if she was younger, he’d fall for her himself. Well, maybe not this week; he was still too raw from his recent breakup, not that his relationship with Melanie had been serious, but still...
He turned back to the small group. What was the man’s name? He’d read it in his notes. Oh yes, Jake. Jake was shaking hands with Carmen, and smiling like a schoolboy.
Carmen Santangelo. In her way, she was a Hollywood legend. Maybe she wasn’t a mega-star, but in Grayson’s mind, she was more than that: she was a real woman. In addition to her beauty, she was one of the most professional actors he’d worked with. She always knew her lines and never kept the crew members waiting. As to her physical attributes, she’d never been stick-thin, and now that other actresses of her era were aging badly, Carmen shone like the movie star she was, and men of all ages lusted after her. Dark eyes snapped with amusement as she shook hands with Jake. She laughed as a breath of wind toyed with her hair, tangling it in her long eyelashes.
Grayson had been happily surprised when he learned that she’d be playing the part of the mother, but according to Sean, she’d lobbied hard for the part, even though she only had a few lines. She wasn’t on the shooting schedule for several days, but she must have used her friendship with Sean, as well as her star power, to wrangle an invitation to come early. It was obvious that the ranch owner wouldn’t mind at all.
“I’m delighted to be here,” she said, retrieving her hand from Jake’s grasp. “Sean has told me what good friends you are.” She smiled up at the Producer, who grinned down at her as if he’d just discovered her. “And thank you for allowing us to stay in your home.”
Jake seemed to regain control of his senses. “My pleasure.” He gestured to an old army-surplus Jeep. “I’ll drive you over to the house now if you like. Enrique can come and get the bags later.”
Grayson cast an appreciative glance at the old Jeep. The vehicle was in top notch condition. The man could afford to buy any transportation he desired, but he chose this old classic instead, and kept it maintained. Grayson liked him even more.
“If you don’t mind, I’d like to check out the set the local fellow is building.” Grayson directed his remarks to Sean, but stuck out his hand to Jake. “Grayson Crawford.”
Jake’s grip was firm. “Welcome to Green Lake Ranch.”
“Gray’s our Director.” Carmen directed her remarks to Jake, but looked at Grayson fondly. “This is my second picture with him, and I’m looking forward to it, even if I do have just a small part.”
Two men had been standing back, watching the exchange with interest. Sean drew them forward. “You remember Scott and Marty from their visit earlier.”
Jake greeted the First and Second ADs. “Of course. Welcome back.” He guided the group toward the Jeep. “Hop in, and I’ll show everyone around.”
* * *
Grayson hadn’t realized that he was holding his breath until the Jeep pulled away. He exhaled slowly and turned in a circle, pleased by what he didn’t see. There were no jet contrails to mar the achingly blue sky, nor were there any power lines in sight. It was a rare farm that wasn’t criss-crossed with wire.
The ranch was situated in a broad, shallow valley. Hills rose in the distance, almost completely covered by stands of trees. Aspens appeared here and there among the Ponderosa Pines, their shiny leaves fluttering in the rising breeze. A stream ran lazily through the bottom of the valley, widening in front of the ranch house to create a good-sized lake. As he watched, several ducks landed at the far end, but they were too far away for him to make out what kind. It didn’t matter; just the sight of them gave him pleasure.
Two barns stood a quarter of a mile away, glowing red in the late afternoon sun. He headed toward them, eager to check on the progress of the set.
He focused his thoughts on the movie as he strode toward the barns. The scene that would be shot in the tack room was pivotal. Played to perfection, it could be the type of scene that would have the critics shouting “Oscar” for the actors in question. He’d gone over it in his head so many times, he knew every word of dialogue the characters would speak. Obsessive, perhaps, but he wasn’t about to let this one get away from him.
He glanced inside the first barn. Empty, except for a few large hay bales left over from last year. He nodded to himself and walked to the second barn, eyeing it critically. The AD had chosen well; this tall structure would easily accommodate the overhead shot he had planned. 
He stood in the open doorway and squinted, allowing his eyes to adjust. Music played softly in the background; he thought he recognized Alan Jackson. He followed the sound and stood in the doorway of the set, not believing his eyes.
“Hold it right there!” he commanded.
The slender figure in the corner stood up, brush in hand. He was surprised to see that it was the young woman who’d been with Jake earlier. What in the world was she doing here on his set?
“No, no, no,” he cried. “This is all wrong. Where’s the contractor?” he turned to Nick. “Are you Danny?”
The young woman took a step forward, her eyes flashing angrily. “If you’re going to yell at anyone, yell at me.”
He stopped and stared at her. A thin shaft of late afternoon sun slanted across her face, illuminating the wispy strands of blonde hair that had escaped from the loose braid that hung down her back.
“There!” he said, pointing at Danielle. “That’s exactly the effect I’m going for.” He took her by the shoulders and moved her to the end of the room. “But I need it here, by the door.”
Danielle looked at the wall, then back at him. “What door?”
“Exactly!” He dropped his hands. “I need that natural sunshine.” He walked around to the open barn doors. “See those doors? The sun shines in there between ten thirty in the morning and noon. The door in the set was specifically placed to take advantage of that.”
Danielle frowned. “Not according to the plans. Nick and I built this set, and I can assure you there was no door there.”
“You built it?” he looked from Nick to Danielle, then back to Nick.
Nick grinned and pointed. “It was mostly her.”
Danielle had to admit she was enjoying herself.
Grayson shoved his hat back on his head. “Why am I even discussing this with you? Just put me in touch with Danny.”
Danielle considered his words for a moment. “I suppose apologies are in order.”
Grayson looked at her like she was crazy. “His apology is the last thing I want. I’m going to tear him a new one.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
He took a deep breath. “All right. What exactly did you mean?”
She walked across the make-believe tack room to where three bales of hay had been stacked to make a makeshift table, grabbed a rolled-up set of plans and slapped them into his hand.
“I thought maybe you wanted to apologize. And by the way, I’m Dani.”
“You’re Danny?” He said it as he unrolled the plans, held them open with both hands, and studied them.
 “Danielle Flynn, Okanagan Restorations. I wish I could say I’m delighted to meet you, but that wouldn’t be true now, would it?” She glared at him.
Grayson released the plans as though they’d burned his hand. They curled up, bouncing softly on the makeshift table. “Grayson Crawford. I’m the director.” He gestured to the plans. “Wrong set of plans.” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Looks like I do owe you an apology.”
“Think nothing of it.” Dani’s words were laced with sarcasm. “A little shouting match is a great way to begin a working relationship.” She tapped the wall with her knuckles. “You know, the tricky part about building this set was making it free-standing. Putting a door here shouldn’t be too difficult.”
A small smile flitted across his lips. “Now you’re really making me feel like a jerk.”
She let him stew for a moment before she replied. “Listen, you’ve had a long day. Jake is probably serving drinks up at the big house right now, and Nick and I have been working since early this morning. Why don’t we get together early tomorrow and figure this out.” It wasn’t a question.
His shoulders came down a full inch and he gave her what he hoped was a charming smile. “Good idea.” He looked around the set and nodded. “I can see you’ve done a nice job.”
Dani nodded.
“Will I see you at dinner, then?”
“I don’t think so, Grayson.”
“Call me Gray.”
“I don’t think so, Grayson. It takes me a while to calm down when I get riled; I wouldn’t be very good company tonight.” She turned and walked out.
Grayson watched her go, and tallied up the score. Dani 1, Gray 0. He waited for her to look back to see if he was watching, but she disappeared around the corner without a backward glance, her braid bouncing against her back. He had to smile in spite of himself.
* * *
“Way to go, Boss.” Nick caught up with her. “I put your brush away.”
Damn, he was going to make her smile! And she’d been trying so hard to hold on to her anger. Anything to distract from the jolt of awareness that had shot through her when Grayson had grasped her by the shoulders.
 “You can thank me tomorrow.”
“Okay, Nick. I get it. I didn’t follow my own rules about cleaning up.” She broke down and smiled at him. “Thanks.”
“I’ll see you in the morning, okay?” He looked past her to the big house. “Are you going to go and make nice now?”
She followed his gaze to the sprawling ranch house. Built on a knoll, it had a commanding view. She knew every inch of the old place; had been spending her summers there for the past twenty years. Green Lake Ranch had also been her sanctuary in times of grief. Her uncle, his housekeeper Esperanza and her husband Enrique were three of the four most important people in Danielle’s life. Her grandmother, Orla Flynn, made up the fourth. She was blessed to know each and every one of them.
“Not tonight, Nicky.” A horse nickered in the stable and she turned toward the sound. “I think I’ll take Fleet for a ride. We both need it.”
“Good plan. I’ll see you in the morning.”
* * *
Grayson’s steps slowed as he approached the big house. He could hear soft laughter and the clink of ice cubes from the direction of the front verandah, but he wasn’t in the mood to join the others, and took a few tentative steps toward the back of the house. As he stood there contemplating his next move, a screen door opened, and a short, round, dark-skinned woman came out carrying an old enamel pitcher. White, with cobalt blue trim, it reminded him of the old enamel drinking cup his mother had kept out by the well when he was young.
The woman hummed softly to herself as she watered the flower bed by the back door. A riot of colour, it was well tended. He cleared his throat and she looked up.
“Senor Crawford?” Bright, dark eyes assessed him with interest.
He closed the distance between them. “That’s right. I apologize for not going around to the front.”
She brushed away his concern with a flick of her hand. “Not a problem. You can come in through the kitchen any time.” Her eyes narrowed slightly. “Just don’t let in any flies.”
He laughed out loud; it felt good. “You sound just like my mother.”
She walked up the low set of stairs and opened the screen door. “Your mother is Mexican?”
He chuckled. “No, I mean about the flies.”
She watched him close the door and seemed satisfied. “No woman likes flies in her kitchen.” She motioned toward the selection of salads, meats, pickles, spreads and a variety of breads that were set out on the kitchen table, covered by plastic wrap. “Dinner is informal tonight. A cold buffet. You have time for a drink with the others, if you wish.”
“Thanks, but I wouldn’t be very good company tonight. I think I’ll go to my room for a while.” He frowned. “What’s your name?”
“Esperanza.”
He smiled. “I went to school with a girl named Esperanza.” He stuck out his hand. “I’d feel more comfortable if you call me Grayson, or Gray.”
“Well, Grayson,” she picked up a couple of the platters. “Your room is on the second floor. Last room on the right at the end of the hall, and if you want to go outside without coming back through the house, there’s a set of stairs off the end of the hall.” She pointed to the meat platters. “Bring one of those, would you?” She walked into the dining room. “Since it’s a cold dinner, you can help yourself later if you like.”
“Thanks.” He picked up a couple of the platters. “I’ll help you move all this stuff, then go to my room.”
Chapter Three
Grayson splashed cold water on his face, then dried off with a towel, studying his reflection in the mirror. He was tired and it showed, but even so, he shouldn’t have snapped at that young woman.
He looked longingly at the bed, but if he lay down, he’d sleep for hours, and it was too early to turn in for the evening. Maybe Esperanza had sensed his need to be alone when she told him about the outside stairs.
He tossed the extra shirts and underwear he’d brought into a drawer and hung up two spare pair of jeans. The rest could wait; he needed to get outside and breathe some more of that clean air.
He paused just outside his door and listened to the voices. Perfect timing; the others had moved from the verandah into the house. He opened the door and stood on the landing for a moment to get his bearings. His inner compass told him he was looking south. Ever since he’d been old enough to understand the workings of the solar system, he’d been interested in the sun’s movement in relation to earth. That knowledge had informed his understanding of the importance of lighting when he’d started shooting video all those years ago.
The sun had disappeared behind the hills to the southwest, and he knew without looking that the verandah would be deep in shadow. He made his way down the stairs and around to the front.
Grayson sank into a large, comfortable chair and a sigh escaped his lips. He’d looked forward to this decompression time more than he cared to admit. He let his head fall back, closed his eyes and thought about the weeks ahead.
He needed this film. How many times had he heard the old expression “You’re only as good as your last film?” Dozens? Hundreds? Whatever... he’d always brushed it aside, considering the expression overly dramatic in a town accustomed to drama.
He still didn’t believe it had happened to him... but it had.
Since his first real job in Hollywood, his career had been built on a steady progression of good, profitable films. He’d checked every box on the list of clichés: paid his dues, learned his craft, brought his productions in on time and on budget, kept the talent happy, and he’d never, ever, had a flop. 
Until he’d made the mistake of agreeing to direct the picture he now thought of as the picture from hell.
He’d sensed it when he took the first meeting with the producer, but he was riding high, and he’d allowed himself to get cocky. He’d directed two hugely successful movies in a row, surprising even the money men. And he’d allowed his success to go to his head. He’d thought he detected flashes of brilliance in an otherwise lacklustre script, but he’d been mistaken. He’d also been mistaken to think he could draw a decent performance from the actor chosen to play the leading man. Grayson wasn’t the only one who hadn’t known about the actor’s cocaine habit, surprising in a town that thrives on gossip. He still wondered how the production had managed to get insurance on the actor.
Long before the film was released, Grayson knew it was going to bomb. The trouble was, so did everyone else in Hollywood, and the powers that be had refused to invest any more money in what they had decided was a losing proposition – thus ensuring that it would, indeed, become just that. Those in the know whispered among themselves that Grayson’s hands had been tied from the beginning, but that didn’t excuse the fact that he’d associated himself with the production in the first place; he should have known better. It was a mistake he was unlikely to make again.
Grayson had worked with Sean Elliott before and was grateful when Sean drew him aside one evening at a party and told him about the current film. He trusted Sean as much as he trusted anyone in Hollywood, but he’d still checked on every facet of the production before climbing on board. One of the deciding factors had been Sean’s desire to come up here to British Columbia for the exterior shoots. Grayson suspected that Sean had invested his own money in this production, a definite no-no in the film industry. But financing the film gave the producer the freedom to do things his own way, a fact that Grayson appreciated. They could have found acceptable locations in California, but Sean had confessed that he wanted to shoot on his old friend’s ranch, and after seeing the preliminary footage, Grayson had welcomed the chance to get away from Hollywood.
The only fly in the ointment so far was the slip-up on the set they’d had built here. The girl was right... it was a small thing, and could readily be fixed. He made a mental note to apologize again for good measure.
He had a talented gaffer on this production who could create virtually the same effect, but he’d become almost obsessed with this scene. He wanted that warm, golden sunlight to fall on Andrea in much the same way as the stray shaft of light had turned Danielle’s hair the colour of ripe wheat. For a moment, he allowed himself to imagine her hair loosened and swirling around her face.
He frowned at the direction of his thoughts. The last thing he needed now was a distraction. Especially one as appealing as Danielle Flynn.

* * *

End of Excerpt

* * *


The Last Goodbye
is available at Smashwords


