

MAFIA KINGPIN
Part 1


A. G. KHALIQ


MAFIA KINGPIN PART 1

Text copyright © 2020 by A. G. Khaliq
Cover photograph purchased from stock website
Jail life researched from Guardian article

The right of A. G. Khaliq to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1998.

This book is a work of fiction. Any references to historical events, real people, real companies or real places are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and events are products of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or places or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior permission of the author. 

Apart from the original work written by the author, all songs, song titles and song lyrics contained in this book are the property of the respective songwriters and copyright holders.

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold, or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and didn’t purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to the author and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

To contact the author, reach her through her website https://agkbooks.wixsite.com/agkhaliq or Instagram @agkbooks

ALSO BY A. G. KHALIQ


Mafia Kingpin Part 2
Mafia Kingpin Part 1 & 2 Boxset

Coming soon with Limitless Publishing
Married to the Mafia series
Corrupt Me series

Never miss a release, and follow the author on Instagram @agkbooks

NOTICES

This is a dark depiction of the world of organized crime and mafia, not for the faint of heart. Mafia Kingpin Part 1 is part of a duet, ends with a cliffhanger and is not a standalone novel.

This story contains mature themes, sexual situations, strong language, graphic violence and explores sensitive topics which some readers may find upsetting or triggering. Reader discretion is advised. Intended for adults 18+ only. 

Please do not read this series if you are easily offended. The opinions expressed by the characters in no way reflect the opinions of the author.

If you relate to any of the topics discussed, such as domestic abuse, mental health, blackmail, extortion or assault, please remember that you are not alone. Speak to somebody, or call the Samaritans, Childline, the police and so on.

Although the main character is Louis, this story uses alternating points of views. The person’s point of view that you are reading from is made clear with the use of sub-headings to avoid any confusion.

This story is a fictional crime thriller, and is set in Birmingham, a city in the United Kingdom. Therefore this story is written in British English and may have references to British slang and grime music. It is a story about a man’s battle to get out of the hood. Everything in this story happens for a reason, and the puzzle pieces fit together later on in the duet.

Louis is eighteen years old at the beginning of the book, and when the story rewinds time back to four years earlier, he is fourteen years old. Steve is his stepdad, and Abid and Trex are Steve’s sidekicks. Trex is white, and Abid is black.

BLURB


A cold and ruthless Mafia Kingpin, "kill or be killed" is what Louis lives by... Until he meets Sarina: a sexy, mysterious woman who turns his life upside down.

Follow Louis's journey as he transitions from a young, teenage boy into a mob boss, as he is influenced by his crime lord stepfather Steve Sawyers. Watch Louis as he is thrown into a dark and dangerous world of drug smuggling, gun trafficking, money laundering, fraud, sex, psychopaths and murderers...

There aren't any friends on these streets.

EDITORIAL REVIEW


Mafia Kingpin by A. G. Khaliq is an entire series packed into one gorgeous treat for fans of crime and stories with steamy action and compelling characters. Louis is a kingpin, a mafia boss who lives dangerously. He grows from a young boy to becoming a mafia boss and his power only increases. Then Louis meets Sarina, an insanely beautiful, yet mysterious woman, who shakes his world in ways he has never experienced before. 

As the story moves from book to book, the protagonist is plunged into deeper levels of darkness and crime and new characters surface in the plot with the stakes always getting higher. There is a mix of drug smuggling, fraud, money laundering, sex, and characters that are downright psychopathic. Mafia Kingpin is dark and gritty, a series that explores the basest desires and the beauty of romance. You'll find heart-wrenching action, chilling and unnerving situations, and characters that are exceptionally written. The author has written a series that grips the hearts of readers and won't let them go until the very satisfying denouement. Sarina is one of the characters I adored and the influence she has on Louis is spectacular. 

A. G. Khaliq is the kind of author who creates scenes that are focused and whose descriptions are forensic. The author writes the scenes in such a way that they play vividly in the imagination of the reader. Mafia Kingpin is a sensational read, a story that is steamy in every sense, including the action and the romance. I love books that awaken the most dormant emotions and senses in me and this dark series does just that. 

Reviewed by Christian Sia for Readers' Favorite


SECTION 1

PROLOGUE

§    LOUIS    §

“No weakness”.
That had always been my motto.
Taking over my stepfather's criminal organisation set me alight on a dark and fiery path. I sold drugs, I smuggled firearms into the country, and I collected debts from people who wouldn't pay up.
I was the Don.
Motherfuckers knew better than to cross me. 
I was powerful.
Indomitable. 
People feared me. 
The consequence for anybody who crossed me was a bullet between their eyes...
And the funny thing was, that I thought I had my life together until I met her.
Sarina.
That sexy, mysterious woman who just screwed with my mind to the point that I couldn't wait till I would next see her.
She was confident, bold, and drop-dead gorgeous…
She was everything I liked in a woman.
She liked to play…
And she liked to play dirty.
Sarina made me believe that love existed, even for a criminal like me.
But life comes at you fast.
It sure does come at you fucking fast.
One day, you think that you have it all...
And the next, God can send your world crashing down on you, and make you lose everything that you worked so hard for.
We have to make so many sacrifices in life. So many sacrifices to get to where we want to be.
I was a monster. A devil.
Destined for hell my whole damn life.
And she was an angel.
And you know what they say.
They say if you keep dancing with the devil you’ll get burned.
There was only one way that this shit would end.
They always say that the only outcomes of being in the game are winding up dead, or going to jail.
Would I really get my own happily ever after, being the bastard that I was? With all of the people I hurt, all the bodies I’d made drop, all of the lives I’d destroyed?
My name is Louis…
And this is my story.
Growing up in Birmingham, being forced and groomed into the mafia under the influence of my stepfather.
The man who ruined my motherfucking life.
Every choice, every decision…
Led to my own fucking downfall.
Let me take you right back to the beginning.
Where it all began.
Right from when I was just a fucking child…
Sit tight, be patient, and enjoy the rollercoaster.
It’s gonna be one hell of a bumpy fucking ride.
Don’t say I didn’t warn you.
CHAPTER 1
Not all is what it seems

§    LOUIS    §

Punch after punch, I hit Thomas, letting out all the anger and frustration that had built up in me after all this time. I'd been waiting for the perfect moment to kill him for so many years. 
Blood gushed out of his body as I stabbed him. His groans of pain rang like bells through my ears. 
	“Don’t you ever come near me again, you filthy bastard. I’m teaching you a lesson. Stay the fuck out of my way,” I said coldly. As I was about to kick his head again, I watched the colour drain away from his face and his eyes close. I stepped back, contemplating what I had done.
	What had I done? I withdrew my hands from the body, only to find them covered in blood. My head spun and I put my hand to my forehead, and fell to the ground.
“Please stop!” I cried. “Please.” The pain was overwhelming. I could barely breathe.
	He scoffed. “It’s nothing more than you deserve. You’re a dirty little bastard and your family will face the consequences of what you did. I’ll never forget how you betrayed me.”
	There was a brief moment of regret on his face. He pierced the knife into my flesh, cutting deep inside me. I began to scream. It was then that the sirens started. 
	As I started losing consciousness I noticed a girl in the background, watching me. She had a look of pure horror on her face.
	“You over there…”
“Please … help me...” I tried to speak, but it just came out as a mumble. My eyes began to close, and blood was gushing out of my mouth. I never saw the girl again.
	“Why did you do this?” a cop hovered over me. “Why did you attempt to kill this man?”
	“It’s nothing more than he deserved. He’s a dirty little bastard and his family will face the consequences of what he did. I’ll never forget how he betrayed me.” I repeated the exact same words that Thomas had said to me when he attacked me all those years ago.
	The cop stared at me, long and hard. He lifted me from the ground, took my hands behind my back and put them in handcuffs.
	“You are under arrest for attempted murder,” he said. 
	“What the fuck?”
	“You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to consult a lawyer…”
	As the cop said these words, I felt the world stop rotating around me. I could feel my head spinning; I was in a state of shock. It took me a few minutes to realise that this wasn’t a bad dream, this wasn’t a fucking nightmare. I’d screwed up so badly. I was supposed to kill this motherfucker and my mind started playing tricks on me, reminding me of the past. 
	No weakness… that was my fucking motto. So why the fuck didn’t I just stab him and get out of there? Why did I have to remember every brutal moment of Thomas double-crossing me at the wrong time?
All my memories, everything I’d worked for. It was all gone. It was all worthless now, and it all meant nothing. I was going to jail. What the fuck had I done?
	“If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish.”
	As I spun back to reality, the cop read me the last of my rights. I didn’t know what to do. I was desperate. I couldn’t go to jail… I couldn’t. I wouldn’t be able to cope in there. It would fuck me up mentally… put me over breaking point.
	“This is all a misunderstanding. I’ve never been to jail before. I can’t do this to my mum, she’ll be at home worried…”
	The cop rolled his eyes at me, folding his arms.
	“Save the sob story for when you’re behind bars,” he said angrily. “Come with me.”
	He grabbed hold of me with force, throwing me into the backseat of the police car.

***

LATER THAT NIGHT

The policeman led my mum to the cell.
	“Your son was found late at night attacking a teenager in the alleyways,” the cop explained. My mum stared at me, white in shock. “I’ll leave you two to speak, before I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” The cop walked away.
	Mum was trembling, taking deep breaths in and out. I could see the hurt and betrayal in her eyes.
	I’d failed her. I’d failed my own fucking mother. After how hard she tried to raise me up right, to make sure the hood didn’t get the better of me. 
	This was what I gave her in return.
	“How could you do this, Louis?” Tears welled up in her eyes. “All my life, I’ve just been trying to provide for you, to give you a good future. And you turn out like this.” Her voice was bitter, and she broke down into fresh sobs.
	“Mum, I’m sorry,” I said, hanging my head, knowing I was a goddamn disappointment. “He deserved it, he-”
	“Shut up Louis! I’m sick of your excuses!” Mum shouted. “Nobody deserves to get killed. Nobody. This man is fighting for his life in hospital, and here you are, feeling proud about it like a little bastard. I’m so ashamed of you.”
	“Mum, you wouldn’t understand! You don't know what he did to me, he…”
	“This is all my fault, for giving you too much freedom for your own good. Letting you roam around at 4 in the morning without asking where you were, letting you be friends with the bastard friends you have.”
	“Don’t blame yourself Mum, I…”
	I drew a deep breath. I could feel my heart shattering and tearing apart as the realisation hit me. My mum, who bore me in her womb for 9 months, watched me grow from a kid to an adult, raised me by herself when my dad wasn’t in the picture. I’d let her down. I let down the only woman who’s ever had my back in this cold world, in this world where your own friends wouldn’t think twice before stabbing you in the back. I let down the only woman who’s been there for me from the very  beginning.
	“I - I never meant to let you down, Mum.”
	“But you did. You goddamn did.” 
	Mum turned away from me. She couldn’t even look me in the eye anymore.
	“These past few years have been torture for me. When that man attacked you…”
I drew a deep breath, because I knew she was talking about Thomas.
“When that man tried to kill you…
 	“I really thought I'd lost you.
“I thought I'd lost my only son, my son who I'd do anything for. I thought you were gonna die.
“I spent weeks just lying down next to you in hospital, praying for you to recover. I was so relieved when the doctor told me you were going to survive. I swore to myself that I'd never let anything bad happen to you again, that I'd keep you close to me and make sure you never got into something like this again.
“I failed myself.”
	“It’s not your fault, Mum,” I tried, but I knew it was no use.
Mum slapped me across the face. My hand sprung to my face. I was shocked, because she’d never laid hands on me before. I guess I deserved it. She gasped, not believing what she’d done.
	“I don’t ever want to hear from you again,” she said quietly. “You deserve this time in prison.”
	I felt a lump in my throat. I tried my best not to break down.
	“No Mum, you don’t mean that…” I tried putting my hand on her arm, and a tear rolled down my cheek. “I love you Mum, don’t do this to me…”
	“The policeman is waiting outside the cell. I better not keep him waiting.”
	Mum gave me a long and hard stare.
	“I love you Mum,” I said, desperately trying to find some proper closure between us.
	Mum shook her head, and turned on her heel, following the policeman out the cell. I was alone again.
	“MUMMMMMM!”
	I fell to the floor in anguish, screaming for my mum. I cried and cried out for her, but she didn't come back. I was going to be spending five years of my life with nobody here to look out for me.

***

REWINDING BACK TIME
FOUR YEARS EARLIER
WHEN ALL THE MADNESS BEGAN

I sat down in front of the TV, playing Crash Bandicoot as usual. My stepdad Steve was coming round today. Steve was black, in his 40s. I couldn’t wait to see him. He always came round to see me, and help Mum with money, because she was finding it hard to manage without Dad.
	Dad left me when I was ten. I hadn’t really given it a second thought. I didn’t need him, and Mum was strong without him.
	Dad is Caribbean and Mum is white. I was half black, and half white. Dad’s parents disowned him when they found out that he secretly got married to Mum, because they didn’t like her. After staying with us for a long time, Dad finally realised he’d had enough. When Dad left, Steve came along.
	My phone started ringing, and I jumped to answer it straight away.
	“I’ll be there in 5 minutes, little man,” Steve said on the other end of the line.
	“Can’t wait! I’ll go tell Mum to get the table ready,” I replied excitedly.
	“That’s live, son, I’ll let you know when I’m here.”
	I hung up the phone and made my way to the kitchen. Mum was standing there washing the dishes, with her back turned to me.
	“Mum, we need to put the food out. Steve’s gonna be here any minute!” I said, with my hands on my hips.
Mum looked startled. “That was fast. I haven’t had time to make him anything.” Mum held her hands against her face, trembling. I didn’t know why she was panicking so much, or why she looked so scared and nervous, but I decided to shrug it off.
	“Why am I so stupid?!” Mum screamed.
	I laughed awkwardly, furrowing my eyebrows, and then put my hands up to stop Mum from rummaging through the cupboards. “Mum, it’s calm! We have tuna and bread, we’ll make him some sandwiches.”
	“I guess that’ll have to do,” Mum replied, unsure. She blew a small sigh of relief and then started preparing the food.
	The doorbell sounded. “Steve’s here!” I said excitedly.
	I ran to the door and opened it. Steve came in and gave me a massive hug. “You alright, little man?” he chuckled.
	“I’m good, man!” I said happily. He walked into the living room where Mum was standing, scratching her arm uneasily. She straightened out her hair and clothes, and Steve’s arms folded angrily; it was like his blood was boiling just by looking at Mum. He raised an eyebrow at her outfit.
	“Linda, a word?” Steve hissed, gently moving me aside.
	“Okay,” Mum said, afraid.
	“Sorry,” I said awkwardly. “I’ll get out of your way.”
	He took Mum into his arms, smiling over me at his shoulder. I smiled back, reassured.

§    STEVE    §

“What the fuck are you wearing?” I hissed angrily at Linda, grabbing her hair, so that Louis couldn’t hear me.
	“I… erm…” Linda took deep breaths in and out, jumping up, looking frightened. I knew she was trying to remain calm for Louis’s sake.
	I rolled my eyes angrily, walking away from her. I was pissed off, and I couldn’t be arsed to deal with her bullshit today.
	“Come on, Louis,” I said. Linda adjusted her clothing so her cleavage couldn’t be seen. Louis nodded happily and we both walked towards the television.

§    LOUIS    §

“You still play Crash Bandicoot?” Steve laughed, as he looked at the television screen. He reached for the bag next to him and pulled out some games, ‘Grand Theft Auto’, ‘Assassin’s Creed’ and ‘Fifa’. 
	I gasped. “Steve, you’re the best!” I opened up the CD’s, unable to believe my eyes. “These must have cost you a fortune!”
	“It’s been a while since I got you something nice and you’re always playing the same old stuff, it’s time to play suttin’ new!” he said cheerfully, ruffling my hair. 
Mum came into the lounge from the kitchen. She gasped as she saw the games. “Steve, you shouldn't have! You spoil him rotten! And you know I'm struggling with money…”
I rolled my eyes, suddenly pissed off. “Mum, will you stop going on about money and let us have fun for once? Jheeze.”
“He's right Linda, he deserves it. Let the kid breathe, for God's sake,” Steve said, folding his arms.
“But I've got bills due soon that I need to pay…” Mum said timidly.
“You know I'll pay your goddamn bills so what's the problem? Let me do some nice stuff for the kid, I don't even see him that much anymore.”
“I - I…”
“That's enough Linda.” Steve rolled his eyes and I did the same. It was annoying how fucking over-bearing my mum was sometimes.
I opened up Assassin’s Creed and started playing it on my console.

§    STEVE    §

I chuckled happily as I watched Louis play Assassin’s Creed, and then looked around the room to see Linda crying at the other side of the room. I sighed, walking towards her.
“Hey, cheer up babe. I’m sorry for being a moody prick, I’ve just had a long day.” I gave her a hug to shut her up, and she sighed underneath my touch uncomfortably, feeling obliged to hug me back. This just pissed me off more. I kissed her on the cheek, desperate to get a normal reaction out of her,  and she drew a deep breath in nervously.
“It’s okay,” Linda mumbled.
“That smile is what I like to see, baby girl!” I grabbed hold of her face, kissing her forcefully, not giving a fuck whether she liked it or not.

§    LOUIS    §

I put down my games controller and walked over to Steve, wondering what was taking him so long. Him and Mum were making out, and I felt like puking. I shifted about uncomfortably, wishing they would stop.
Mum giggled, pulling away from Steve and Steve kissed her cheek again. I didn’t understand their relationship. One minute, they were at each other’s throats, and the next, they were playing happy families again. 
“Steve, Louis is here!” Mum said, with her hands on her hips.
“So what?” Steve rolled his eyes, and sighed.
“I’m gonna go upstairs,” I said awkwardly.
Steve coughed, embarrassed. “Shit, sorry Louis. I just haven’t seen your mum for a while, that’s all.” He shrugged, and I rolled my eyes. “So what’ve you two made me to eat? I’m starving.”
“Sandwiches,” I shrugged.
“Sandwiches yeah?” Steve said. I quickly handed him one of the sandwiches from the kitchen. He started eating it, and then sighed angrily.
“What is this crap? Some out of date tuna, Louis. Make me some proper food,” he said angrily.
Mum looked mortified.
“I didn’t even make it, Mum did!” I said defensively.
Steve stared at Mum with a blank expression on his face, and Mum looked down to the floor sadly.
“It’s alright babe, we’ll order some takeaway instead,” Steve said reassuringly. He turned back to me. “Louis, put this shit sandwich in the bin.”
I nodded, taking it back from him to put it back on the plate. But before I knew it, the plate slipped, and smashed all over the floor.
“Shit,” I sighed, suddenly even more pissed off than I was before. 
“For fuck’s sake Louis, you’re so dumb sometimes,” Steve scolded.
“Look at all this mess!” Mum said angrily, taking her head in her hands.
“I can’t be arsed to tidy this shit,” I complained. “Can we just chill and play games?” I turned to Steve.
“Yeah, we will do. Linda, tidy this mess. I’m gonna order pizza now.”
Mum shook her fists angrily, storming out of the room. 

§    MUM    §

I stormed into the kitchen to collect a dustpan and broom. While I was away from Louis and Steve, I kicked the hoover on the floor angrily. I started screaming, tears streaming down my face.

§    LOUIS    §

“Yeah, that’ll be two 12-inch pizzas mate,” Steve said on the phone.
“That’s a twenty minute wait, yeah?”
“Make it quick if you want a tip.” Steve hung up the phone and then turned back to me. “Now, we playing Grand Theft Auto or what?!”
“Fuck yesss!” I exclaimed.
“Language Louis!” Mum said angrily, as she walked back into the room.
“Sorry Mum,” I said awkwardly, and Steve rolled his eyes. I suddenly felt bad for the way I spoke to her earlier. “Let me help with that,” I signaled the broken plate on the floor.
“Thank you baby,” Mum sighed. 

***

The floor was cleaned and tidy now, and Mum was in a much happier mood. We all sat down together on the sofa, having a fun time playing games.

***

20 MINUTES LATER

§     STEVE    §

“That’ll be 25 quid, mate,” said the delivery man, as I took the pizza box out of his hands at the doorway. I handed him his cash quickly.
	“Thanks donny, enjoy your food!” he said, as he took the cash.
	“Will do, big man,” I replied, making my way back inside.
	When I made my way back to the living room, my phone started ringing. Louis tried looking over at my phone but I wouldn’t let him.
	“Louis, take the pizza to the table for me g. Just let me answer my phone.”
	Louis nodded happily, diving into the pizza straight away. Fat fuck. 
	As soon as he took it from me, I stormed out the room, because I knew the name ‘Abid’ flashed up on my phone screen. From the get-go, that meant this call wasn’t gonna be good fucking news.
	I pressed the green phone button on my phone, and Abid started rambling on the other end.
	“What do you mean, ten bags are missing?” I shouted angrily.

§    ABID    §

Bilal. The motherfucker that crossed us. Me and Trex were in an old parking garage, and we had Bilal tied up in a chair with his mouth taped. 
“We’ve counted the cash g. We’re missing ten bags of cash and two weeks’ worth of goods. You need to fucking sort this, we’re losing money fast,” I said to Steve down the line.

§    STEVE    §

I started sweating, frustrated. I treated Bilal like a brother… and now this was the news that I was fucking receiving.
“Bilal… no fucking way man,” I sighed. “The last person I thought was gonna fucking snake us.”
“I didn’t like that motherfucker from the start you let him in with us,” Abid said on the other end of the line. “He’s always been making booky movements, and now we’ve caught the motherfucker before he did any more damage.
I took out a long, deep breath, and reached into my pocket for a box of cigarettes.
“You still there, Boss? What do you want me to do?”
I put a fag in my mouth and lit it. “Put a blade to the motherfucker’s neck, stick nails in his toes. Burn his feet till the bastard talks. I’m on my way.”
“You got it, Boss. I’ll text you the address.”
I hung up the phone angrily, taking more puffs of my cigarette. I looked down at my phone, my eyes lingering at the text with the address written on it. 33 Sycamore Street. 
I ran downstairs, making my way out the door, slamming it, getting inside my whip and driving off. 

§    LOUIS    §

I heard the door slam and put my half-eaten pizza slice back in the box.
	“Steve?” I called. “Steve, where’ve you gone?”
	Mum finished eating too, and got up. “Do you want me to have a quick look around the house?” she asked.
	“No Mum, I heard the door slam. He’s gone somewhere.”
	“Oh right. Bit rude of him to just walk off without letting us know,” Mum said condescendingly.
	I raised my eyebrows. “I’m gonna save him his share of pizza, Mum. He’ll come back, I know he will.”
	Mum smiled at me warily. “Hopefully sweetheart, he’s probably just gone to run an errand. I’m sure he’ll be back soon.”
	I nodded, smiling at Mum and going back to my pizza… but as soon as I looked at the box, my smile faltered. I don’t know why I kept kidding myself. Steve always let me down, and I was always making excuses for him, latching onto a dream. I guess I was too blinded by this perfect image of Steve that I never saw him for who he really was. Mum was always giving me that “I told you so” look… but for once, just once… I wanted to prove her wrong.
	I took my phone out of my pocket and sent Steve a text saying “Where are you?”

§    ABID    §

I slapped Bilal’s face, holding a lighter flame next to it. This motherfucker deserved all the torture that was coming to him.
	“Trex, hammer a nail in the bastard’s finger,” I said angrily.
	Trex nodded and walked over with his hammer, while Bilal was trembling, his face red and beaten from my doing, his legs shaking. Trex started waving the hammer in Bilal’s face, and I ripped the tape from his mouth.
	“You gonna talk, motherfucker?” Trex shouted.
	Bilal started bellowing in pain, crying desperately. “I - I can’t! The Surenos will fucking kill me!”
	I started laughing. Poor bastard didn’t have the slightest idea about how we were gonna deal with him if he didn’t co-operate.
	“What are you on about, motherfucker?” I said. “If you don’t give us information, we’re gonna kill you our fucking selves.”
	“I can’t die, man! I gotta feed my mum, she has no money, my little baby sis needs looking after man, she’s only two, my mum’s not well, she…”
	“You should’ve thought about all that shit before you ratted us out to them motherfuckers,” Trex shouted. “Now you’re gonna have to face the fucking consequences.”
	Bilal started shaking uncontrollably. “My mum’s got cancer man, I can’t die, I…”
	“I don’t think this motherfucker understands,” I spat. I nodded at Trex and Trex nodded back, it was like our fucking code when we mutually agreed with something. Trex resealed Bilal’s mouth with tape, and Bilal started wailing again. He was really fucking pissing me off now.
	“We gave you a chance to talk, motherfucker,” Trex warned. He took the nail in his fingers and crouched down to Bilal’s feet, positioning it in the middle of his foot. He started hammering it inside and Bilal rattled in the chair in pain. I set Bilal’s hand alight with the flame in my hand.
	“You could’ve had it easy, motherfucker,” I said. “Told us what we wanted, we give you protection, you get to live for one more day. But you had to make it difficult for yourself.”
	I put out the flame on his skin and nodded at Trex again, who removed the tape off of Bilal’s mouth again. Bilal wailed in pain, crying horribly for a short while. I was getting quite fucking tired of babying this bastard and getting no results.
	“A - a - alright, I’ll fucking talk!” Bilal stuttered, hardly able to compose his sentences properly. “The Mexican motherfuckers were gonna kill my mum man, I had to do what they wanted…”
	“What are their plans?!” I roared. “WHAT ARE THEIR FUCKING PLANS, BILAL?!”
	“T - they want t - territory,” Bilal mumbled.
	“Answer our questions properly, motherfucker! Do you have a fucking death wish?!” Trex shouted.

§    STEVE    §

I walked into the car park with my phone in my pocket. It started buzzing so I took it in my hand, and a text from Louis appeared on the phone.
	“Where are you?”
	I took out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding, and ignored the message, shoving my phone back into my pocket. Louis was the least of my worries right now. He was just a fucking kid… only 14. I didn’t want him to get caught up in my life. As far as Louis and his mum were concerned, I was just a plumber. Not a fucking mafia kingpin. It was the best thing for all of us if they didn’t know my real lifestyle.
	I shrugged off my jacket and threw it to the ground. I nodded at Abid and Trex, walking closer to them.
	“Boss is here now,” said Abid.
	I saw Bilal in his chair, trembling, and rage suddenly boiled over me.
	“I trusted you, motherfucker!” I roared. “I saved your ass so many times, and this is what you do to me?!”
	“Steve, I s - s - swear, I d - didn’t have a choice!”
	“Shut the fuck up, bastard!”
	I freed Bilal from the ropes, and then punched him so hard that he knocked off the chair, falling onto the hard ground with a painful smack. It wasn’t enough, though.
	I began punching his face and beating him repeatedly, kicking him in the ribs in repeat succession. Bilal was wailing underneath my grip, but I wasn’t satisfied. This motherfucker needed to suffer for double-crossing me. Double-crossing me, the very man who brought him into my organisation, gave him an opportunity, helped him level up in business, push product, make shit tons of money.
	“P - please Boss, I was t - talking, I w - was!” Bilal cried.
	“Sorry, I didn’t quite hear that,” I said quietly, and then stamped on Bilal’s face. At this point, Bilal was struggling to breathe. I grabbed him with force, sitting him straight and slapping his face, which was already blue.
	“Talk to me, motherfucker,” I spat.
	“I s - said they w - want territory!”
	“What territory, motherfucker?!” I roared. By now, my white vest was drenched in sweat. I ripped it off and threw it to the side.
	“O - over all the places we sell to. S - Small Heath, Alum R - Rock, S - Smethwick…”
	My face dropped. It felt like my blood was running cold. Somebody was coming for my organisation? Everything I’d built from nothing, built from the ground up. They wanted to destroy everything I’d worked so hard for? Everything I’d put my blood, sweat and tears into?
	They were coming for all of my territory? I didn’t just own Birmingham in the drug business. I owned pretty much the whole of the damn United Kingdom. I had operations in London, Manchester, and even Cardiff, a city in Wales. I’d learnt the game well. I had somebody taking care of operations in all of the other cities too on my behalf. Was this the result of their own fuck-ups? I didn’t know. I guess I needed to keep a better eye on the bastards that I allowed to represent me in my organization.
	I wasn’t going to let a pathetic cartel come and compete against me. They needed to be sent a warning not to fuck with me. Nobody was going to ruin what I’d built. Nobody. Maybe the Surenos being given a warning would also teach other cartels a lesson too, to not sell on my goddamn land.
	I slowly turned away from Bilal, my heart thumping against my chest. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up. I got up on my feet, and the room was silent for several minutes as the sweat on my face fell onto the floor in tiny droplets.
	Abid took a deep breath in. “So the Surenos want our territory, Boss…” He began, sighing. “What’s our next move?”
	I said nothing. All I could hear… All I could feel… Was my pulsing heartbeat raising through the roof. 
	I swallowed. I knew I owed them an explanation. I knew I owed them a plan, a strategy on what we were going to do moving forward. Abid and Trex, my fucking sidekicks. The only men who I could really rely on… The only men who I could really trust. The men who’d been there for me from the beginning. 
	“Boss?” Trex repeated nervously.
	I lit a cigarette, taking several inhalations… before slowly turning around to face Abid and Trex.
	“They want our territory?” I pondered. “We give them a fucking war. We go out for fucking bodies.” I let my head get back into the zone, ready to assert my authority again.
	“So what’s the plan, Boss?” asked Abid.
	I started elaborating my strategy to them, every word, every fine detail. They nodded in approval, and we started devising together who was going to do what.

§    LOUIS    §

Mum put me to bed, kissing my forehead. I had silent tears rolling down my cheeks. I felt so embarrassed… so fucking ashamed of myself. I felt stupid for crying over a man I knew I couldn’t count on in the first place. Of course Steve was going to fucking disappoint me, over and over again.
	I took a deep breath in as Mum stroked my hair, kissing my forehead again. “Mum, why did Steve let me down again?” I asked sadly.
	“He’s busy with work, honey,” Mum said reassuringly. “I’m sure he’ll make it up to you…” She took a deep breath in. “He loves you to bits.”
	“If he loved me so much, he would spend time with me,” I said, suddenly angry. “Whenever he comes over, something always comes up. I’ve had enough of it.”
	“Cheer up, baby. Steve’s a busy man and there’s nothing we can do about it. I hate how he leaves, just as much as you do.”
	“I hate him,” I said bitterly. “I never want to see him again. He always gets my hopes up for nothing, I’m done feeling like shit because of him.”
	Mum cradled me in her arms as I broke down into fresh sobs. 
At the end of the day… It had always been Mum and me. It was only me and my Mum that had each other’s backs. Steve never cared enough to let his personal life take a backseat for just once… I guess I knew where his priorities lay.

§    STEVE    §

“Good plan, Boss,” said Abid. “We’ll call everyone and let them know our next steps now. We’ll ship in more product from the USA to make up for all the money we’ve lost, too.”
	“You need to make sure we’re buying the best fucking bud there is, so the streets will know to buy from nobody but us,” I replied, and then looked at Bilal, lying beaten and bruised on the floor. “As for this motherfucker…”
	“Yeah?” Trex asked.
	“Slice the motherfucker’s neck,” I ordered.
	“NO!” Bilal shouted. “P - p - please! I gave y - you w - what you wanted, p - please l - let me live, I’ll d - do anything…”
	Trex stepped closer to me. “A - are you sure, Boss?” he murmured in my ear. “He gave us information, the prick could be useful…”
	“Yeah, I’m fucking sure,” I said angrily. “The prick snaked us, and we ain’t got no room for snakes on our team, info or not. Get rid of the bastard, I got somewhere I need to be.”
	“Got it, Boss,” said Trex.
	Trex got the knife ready, walking slowly towards Bilal, who was lying and howling on the floor, begging for his life.
	“Any last words, motherfucker?” asked Trex.
	Bilal bellowed in tears, and Trex shrugged. 
	“Rest in peace.” Trex sliced Bilal’s neck as Bilal screamed, bleeding out as the colour drained away from his face.

§    MUM    §

I stared at myself in the mirror, smoothing my hands over my ass and smiling at how I looked. I put some finishing touches to my makeup, adding lipgloss to my lips and another swab of mascara to my eyelashes. I was excited to finally go out. I deserved it… I worked too hard, and I spent so much time looking after Louis. Steve wasn’t here either, so it was the perfect night to relax and unwind with my friends.
	My phone started vibrating in the pocket of my dress, and I started smiling to myself as I thought about who it could be. I took out my phone, hoping the name on the screen would be who I thought it was.
	And the butterflies started hammering in my chest… Because I was right. 
Matthew had texted me, “I’m gonna go pick up the lads and the girls, and then we’ll come down to yours and pick you up in about half an hour babe.”
I smiled and texted back, “That’s live babe, I just got ready. I can’t wait!”
I walked into the kitchen, pouring myself a glass of wine as I waited for Matthew to arrive. I started sipping on my drink, and then my phone started pinging again with another text from Matthew.
“I bet you look absolutely stunning babe, I can’t wait to see you.”
I started blushing. It felt like I was a teenage girl again, and Matthew was my school crush. I could feel the butterflies hammering in my chest. He made me feel so good about myself with just a few text messages.
We were just in early stages, just talking… We never kissed or anything, because I was still with Steve. I knew it was wrong to go behind Steve’s back and speak to another man… but I couldn’t help the way Matthew made me feel. And Steve didn’t exactly treat me so good either… He was always so angry, and it was so hard to keep him happy. I got frightened whenever I was around him.
I clasped my phone to my chest, smiling as Matthew’s messages replayed themselves to me in my head. I turned around the cupboard to find more alcohol, and then I heard the sound of my phone pinging again. I could feel my cheeks going red.
Suddenly, I felt some big, strong arms snake around me from the back, and I jumped at the sudden touch, swallowing. I had no idea who it was. 
I turned around slowly to see Steve, and I blew a small sigh through my lips. What the hell was he doing here? I was going out soon… I didn’t need to deal with him right now.
Steve rubbed my ass up and down, and I shifted about uncomfortably, wanting to get this over with and for him to go home. 
“Hi, baby,” I said awkwardly. “Where did you go?”
“I missed you,” said Steve.
I giggled nervously, and Steve started kissing my neck. He withdrew his hands from around me and then took a few steps back to stare at me. I was wearing a turquoise bodycon midi-dress that teased my cleavage and had my legs on display. This was the last thing I wanted Steve to see me in, I knew he always behaved iffy when he saw me wearing revealing outfits.
“Who’s my baby looking all sexy for, eh?” Steve asked. “A bedroom date with me?”
He laughed and pulled me close to him, and I bit my lip nervously, not knowing what to do. He grabbed my ass aggressively, kissing me again. I slowly moved away from him uncomfortably.
“I’m going out with some friends tonight, babe,” I said, swallowing. “I can’t stay in tonight.”
Steve’s facial expression fell as I said this, and my heart started thumping against my chest in fear. All I could do was pray… Pray that he wouldn’t react the way I thought he was going to, or do what I thought he was going to do.
“You’re going out dressed like that to see friends?” Steve asked calmly. “You’re only allowed to dress like that for me.” He said this assertively, like it was a statement, and he wanted me to get changed straight away without any arguments.
“Babe, it’s just clothes…” I tried. “I can’t go to a bar wearing a tracky…” 
I knew he wouldn’t listen, but I was so tired of him pushing me around. I don’t know what came over me. How stupid would it look if all my friends were glammed up and I came to the bar wearing baggy jeans and a sweater?
Steve’s anger started to boil, and I immediately started regretting what I said. I wrapped my arms around my chest, trying to disguise how much I was trembling at this point.
“Don’t answer me back babe, just change your fucking clothes,” Steve hissed. “You look like a slag, and I don’t want no man looking at my property.”
I swallowed. “But if you know I’m yours, why be so worried about my clothes? I’m not hooking up with anyone, I need a night out, I haven’t had one in so long…”
“Listen to me or you’re fucking going nowhere and staying with me for the night,” Steve shouted.
Steve took steps closer to me and I backed away, terrified. He grabbed me aggressively, kissing my mouth and groping my breasts. The kiss was so hard, I could feel my lip cut and start bleeding. I started struggling, and wriggled free from his grasp, wiping the blood and saliva from my mouth.
“Steve, I love you, but you can’t control me,” I pleaded. “I want to go out with my friends.”
Steve’s anger really started to boil and he grabbed me aggressively, unzipping my dress from the back.
“Steve, please!” I cried. “Stop it, you’re hurting me.”
“From the day you married me, you became my property and you do as I say,” Steve yelled. “You can’t leave me and you can’t say the word no to me. Now relax and let me do what I’m doing, I’ve had a stressful day and I need some relief.”
He leaned in to kiss my shoulder and tears started pricking in my eyes, smudging my makeup. I was trying my best not to break down in sobs. Steve tore the sleeve off from my dress and by now, I couldn’t stop the tears from falling. I was pleading with God in my head to get me out of this situation. I was pleading with God that Steve wouldn’t rape me.
My phone began to sound with notifications and I froze to the spot in fear, as I realised it was probably Matthew. He was probably waiting for me outside, and he couldn’t see me like this. He couldn’t know what was going on…
“Who the fuck’s ringing you, goddammit?!” Steve roared.
“It’s probably my friends,” I said shakily. “They’re coming soon…”
“You disobeyed me and now you ain’t seeing your fucking friends. Switch your fucking phone off.”
I broke down into fresh tears, but Steve was boiling with rage. My crying only made him even angrier than he already was.
“Stop crying, you fucking whore!” Steve roared. “I’ll answer these pricks myself, give me your phone!”
“It’s okay Steve,” I said desperately. “I - I’ll l - let them know I’m not coming…” I couldn’t let him look at my phone… If he saw the messages I exchanged with Matthew, then I was a dead woman walking. He would probably kill me right here.
“I said give me your fucking phone!” Steve screamed, snatching my phone out of my pocket. 
I froze to the spot, my face going white in fear. The room went eerily quiet as I watched Steve’s blood run cold. The name Matthew was blaring on the phone screen. Rage boiled over Steve’s face… He looked like he was about to murder.
“How could you do this to me?” 
“What did I d - do?” I could barely speak. I was scared for my life.
“You’re seeing someone else,” Steve said flatly, the veins pulsing on his skin.
“N - no I’m not! How could you think of such a thing, I love you baby…”
I leaned forward and touched Steve’s arm desperately, wanting him to calm down. He slapped it off hard, and stared into my eyes.
“Who’s Matthew?” 
“W - what?”
“WHO THE FUCK’S MATTHEW?!” Steve roared.
“Babe, he’s j - just a friend, I - I promise…”
“A friend that wants to get in bed with you?”
“Don’t be ridiculous!”
Steve started flicking through my phone as my chest heaved in and out in fear. “Look at all these text messages,” Steve said quietly. “Babe, where are you? Babe, why aren’t you answering? Are you okay?” He screamed angrily, throwing a plate on the floor and I watched my life flash before my eyes. 
“And then there’s the older messages, too,” said Steve. “I bet you look stunning babe, I can’t wait to see you.”
Steve started punching the cabinets until his knuckles were sore, swollen and bloody. “I’ll kill the bastard!” he screamed.
“He hasn’t done anything!” I cried. “Steve, you’re scaring me!”
“Ain’t no ‘friend’ talking to my fucking wife like that,” Steve roared. “You’ve been seeing him behind my back!”
“He’s just a friend!” I sobbed. By now I was so frightened, I had no idea what was going to happen next.
	Steve grabbed my arm aggressively, making me jolt back in shock. 
	“How do you explain these text messages?!” he demanded.
	I remained silent. I didn’t want to say something that could warrant more abuse from Steve; I didn’t want to dig my own grave. I was terrified. Steve drew through his breath, like it was taking him all he had not to kill me right here.
	“Are you fucking him?” Steve asked quietly.
	I pushed him off in rage. “No!” I shouted.
	Steve knocked my wine glass to the floor and grabbed me by my neck, so tightly it was hard for me to breathe. 
	“ARE YOU FUCKING HIM?!” Steve roared.
	I sobbed uncontrollably as he let go of my neck and I gasped for air. He threw me to the floor aggressively and started punching me repeatedly. I could feel my surroundings go blurry, I felt so fucking dizzy. I’d never felt pain like this in my entire life. 
	Being dead would be better than living a life like this. I never felt any glimmer of hope, never saw any light at the end of the tunnel. All I could see in front of me was a miserable life… and that’s not a life that I wanted to live.
	“You need to be taught a lesson for playing with my feelings,” Steve said quietly.
	He kissed my cheek softly and then slapped my face to the side, as my hair drenched in wine. His voice was soft.
	“So beautiful...” Steve moaned. “Yet such a fucking trashy whore.”
	The monster in him came back to the surface, as he stood on his two feet and started kicking my belly as I wailed in pain.
	“This will teach you who the fucking boss is!” Steve screamed. “How could you do this to me?!”
	He smashed my head against the floor and I felt so dizzy it was like I was stepping in and out of unconsciousness. By now, I was crying and bleeding uncontrollably. He punched me repeatedly and then squeezed my face in his hands, kissing my mouth.
	“Oh Linda…” he moaned.

§    STEVE    §

I spat on her face, and then walked out of the room with her phone still in my hands. 
	I pulled out Matthew’s name from her contacts, and then opened the keypad to write him a message.
	“You won’t be seeing Linda again.”

***

CHAPTER 2
Not WHAT WE PLANNED



§    LOUIS    §

It was a brand new day.
	I walked into the living room to see my next door neighbor Margaret here.
	“Hey Margaret, what are you doing here?” I asked.
	“Hey Louis, I’ve been given info that your mum’s in hospital,” Margaret said sadly.
	“What happened to her?!” I asked, terrified that something bad had happened.
	“On her way home from the pub last night, she got robbed and beaten apparently,” said Margaret. 
	I took a deep breath in.
	“But I’ve been told that she’ll be fine,” Margaret reassured. “None of her major body parts were beaten so she'll need to be taken care of for a few days and given pain-killing medication before she comes home.”
	I sighed. I was relieved that my mum was going to recover, but I was still so upset that someone would do such a fucking thing to her.
“Can I see her?” I asked.
“I think it's best not to given the state that she's in,” said Margaret. “She needs rest and she'll be back before you know it, but I'm gonna have to take care of you for a few days before she's released.”
“Okay, as long as she's alright…” I sighed, and then I let my emotions get the better of me and I started crying. I couldn’t help myself. Just the thought of somebody laying their hands on my mother, the thought of her being hurt… and I wasn’t there for her.
Margaret stared at me awkwardly, not knowing what to do. I took a deep breath in.
“Sorry, it's just that nothing like this has ever happened to my mum,” I said sadly. “I'm just a bit shocked, that's all.”
	Margaret hugged me reassuringly and I rested in her embrace. 
“I promise you she'll be fine,” she said. “Stop worrying and get yourself to school, it's Monday remember?”
I nodded, trying my best to get myself into a better mood, and walked to my room. I quickly dusted myself off and changed into my school uniform, and then began making my way to school.

***

As I walked to school, I sang the Birmingham Anthem by Lotto Boyzz in an attempt to cheer myself up. Good music always helped me to feel better when things were going shit.
“I come from these ends, pengting outta town she hurt my feelings, yeah…”
	Before I knew it, I was at the school gates.

***

When I arrived at school, I walked into the usual busy, crowded playground. There were people taking selfies together, guys bragging about the girl they had sex with last night, people talking about the new song that just came out by AJ Tracey, and others playing football.
	I searched the playground for my best friend, Keelan. Keelan was my day one brother from another mother. We’d been friends for years. We told each other everything, and we did everything together. He was white, and he always tied his light blonde hair up in a manbun. 
	I spotted Keelan at the other side of the playground. He had a random chick smashed up against a tree, and they were kissing so hard it looked like they were playing fucking tonsil-tennis. I’d had enough of watching people kiss when I always accidentally walked in on my mum and Steve. I didn’t need to watch my best friend twist more tongues than I ever will in my life.
	“Keelan,” I said, coughing, trying to spin him out of his trance. How people could snog like this in public was beyond me. He carried on holding the girl, ignoring me calling his name.
	“KEELAN!” I screamed. Keelan jumped up, startled, and the random girl folded her arms angrily, clearly pissed off at me for interrupting them. Like I gave a fuck.
	“Yo Louis! I was just…” Keelan began awkwardly.
	“Being a manslag, as always,” I said exhaustedly.
	Keelan broke out into laughter and I did the same. The girl looked so pissed off right now, if looks could kill, she could probably cut me in half with a knife with those piercing eyes.
	“I’ll text you,” she said to Keelan seductively, clearly trying to get his attention again. When he ignored her, she stormed off angrily.
	Keelan took steps towards me as I continued to laugh. 
	“Fam, why’d you have to interrupt us for?!” he said angrily. “She was hot.” He folded his arms angrily.
	I burst out into laughter again. “Shut up bruv, what are you even doing with her? She’s way too old.” Me and Keelan were only in year 9, and this girl was in year 11. Making us 14, and her 16.
	“Only two years older bruv, chill out,” Keelan said defensively, and then rolled his eyes as the school bell rang. “I literally can’t be arsed with school today, man.”
	“Same man,” I sighed. “Come on.” 
	We made our way to the main entrance and started walking towards our classroom, talking about last night’s football match of Manchester United against Arsenal.
	As we made our way down to the corridor, we saw a girl standing outside of our class. I would be lying if I said she wasn’t sexy as fuck, because she was. She had slender, bright blue eyes, tanned skin, gorgeous brown hair up in a ponytail, and to top it off, she was tall, with the longest legs I’d ever seen on a girl in high school.
	She winked in our direction and I scratched my arm, embarrassed, trying to look away from her when the damage was already done. She’d caught us both staring at her like fucking idiots.
	“Her name’s Ellie. She’s so much sexier than the girl I was making out with before,” said Keelan, biting his finger seductively, and I started cracking up with laughter. Keelan went through a different girl everyday, and didn’t give two fucks about it. He was so laid back and unbothered, no wonder everybody called him a fuckboy.
	“You’re never satisfied, bro,” I laughed.
	We walked to our classroom and Ellie greeted us with a wide smile.
	“You alright, boys?” she said happily.
	“Could be better,” I shrugged.
	Keelan rolled his eyes. “I’m great b!” he said enthusiastically. “Thanks for askin’.”
	Ellie giggled at him. “That’s good to hear.” She rubbed her neck sheepishly. “Look, I was wondering if you both wanted to come to my party next weekend? It’s my birthday and I want everyone to be there.”
	“You can count me in!” Keelan exclaimed. I rolled my eyes. Could he look any more desperate?
	Ellie bit her lip seductively as she stared at me. “Can you come, Louis?” She walked towards me, shaking her ass like she was on a catwalk, practically shoving Keelan out of the way. Keelan folded his arms awkwardly as Ellie started tracing my face with her long nails.
	“Erm, I’m not sure I can make it,” I said awkwardly, taken aback by the physical contact. “I’m helping my mum with something.”
	I stared at her uneasily but she didn’t seem to get the hint.
	“I hope you change your mind, babe,” she shrugged, and then started tracing the collar of my shirt with her fingers, biting her lip. “I’ll make sure that you do.”
	I pushed her off me angrily. “Don’t touch me, you slut!” I spat. I knew I was being harsh, but she needed to realise that I didn’t want her fucking hands on me.
	Keelan shook his fists angrily at my words, and Ellie gasped, taken aback.
	“Don’t talk to her like that!” Keelan shouted. 
	Ellie hugged him, thankful to him for defending her. I felt like fucking puking. I was more pissed off at how gullible Keelan was.
	“Oh, give it a rest, Keelan,” I spat, and he folded his arms angrily. “Sucking up to her isn’t gonna make her like you any more, you thirsty bastard. She was all over me just a minute ago, you gullible prick.”
	I rolled my eyes sarcastically, and Keelan looked positively fucking fuming. 
	“What did you just say?!” he demanded, dropping his arm from around her, charging up to me, causing Ellie to take steps backwards. He spat on my face.
	“I called you a filthy bastard,” I confirmed, wiping my face with my sleeve in disgust.
	By now, everybody in the corridor was gathering around, cheering excitedly. “Fight, fight, fight!” everybody chanted. I didn’t know what was wrong with me, but with Keelan taking the side of a girl over his best fucking friend, and my mother in hospital, I was already pissed off to the point of no return. I wanted to fight him right here, right now.
	Keelan’s hand balled up into a fist and he punched my nose, hard. Blood started dripping out of my nose. I doubled over and kicked him in the groin. He fell onto the floor, and I continued to punch him. He yelled in pain.
	“Get him Keelan!” Ellie shouted encouragingly, as the crowd continued to cheer me on. Keelan could barely talk; he was staggering in pain. I punched him once again for good measure.
	“That’s quite enough of that!” screamed the headteacher, as she walked into the corridor. “Stop that at once!”
	“He started it, Miss!” I shouted, folding my arms angrily.
	The headteacher rolled her eyes, ignoring me. “Ellie, take Keelan to first aid for me,” she demanded.
	Ellie nodded timidly, and Keelan’s hands balled into a fist again.
	“You really wanna try it again?!” I shouted.
	Keelan rolled his eyes, limping out of the room with Ellie’s arms around him.
	“Louis, that’s quite enough!” the headteacher shouted. “I am so disappointed in you. This is unlike you. What were you thinking?!”
	I rolled my eyes. “Maybe he deserved it,” I said bitterly.
	“Answering back!” the headteacher snapped. “Get to my office now!”
	“No!” I argued defensively. “I haven’t done anything wrong.”
	“Louis, my office NOW!” she screamed. “Before I call your mother.”
	At the mention of my mother, my face fell and I felt overcome with sadness as I remembered she was in the hospital. 
	The headteacher pointed in the direction of her office, like I didn’t know where it was already. “I’ll be there with you in ten minutes.”
	I stared at her angrily, and began walking to her office. As soon as she was out of sight, I went down a different corridor, and ran out of the emergency escape door. I couldn’t be bothered with all of this. I didn’t want to deal with her shouting at me relentlessly and ringing up my mum, like my mum didn’t already have enough to deal with. As soon as I was out of the building, I began to run, and bolted out of the school gates.

§    ABID    §

Me and Trex were at a bar, getting wasted. We ordered shot after shot, drinking till we were smashed and had no idea what the fuck we were doing. We started dancing like idiots, making a fucking fool of ourselves. Steve had sent us here on a mission to send a warning hit against a shady bastard involved with getting information from Bilal. Right now, he was nowhere to be seen, so me and Trex were just enjoying ourselves, waiting for him to arrive.
	I looked across the bar to see a beautiful woman standing there alone. She was wearing tiny black shorts paired with a black crop top that left little to the imagination, and a red jacket. Everything about her screamed sexy. She had plump lips painted a black glossy colour, tanned skin and light brown hair that was half shaved and half curly. I would be lying if I said she didn’t catch my fucking eye, and the guy that Steve had sent us to deal with wasn’t here yet… So what was the harm in having a little fun? It’s not everyday you come across such a pretty girl who’s exactly your type.
	I walked over to her. Well, more like I strutted towards her, because I was so fucking waved. 
	“What’s a beautiful girl like you doing here at a bar all alone?” I asked confidently.
	“I’m actually waiting for someone,” she shrugged.
	“How about I keep you company till they come?”
	“I’d like that,” she smiled, rubbing her neck sheepishly.
	“Can I get you a drink, beautiful?” I asked, keeping eye contact with her.
	“No, no, it’s fine. I’ll get my own,” she reassured.
	“It’s on me,” I smiled, and she blushed a deep red. Fuck, she was so beautiful.

§    LOUIS    §

I walked into the room in the hospital where my mum was being treated, and saw her lying down on the hospital bed. She was limp, bruised and bloody, and it broke my heart just looking at her like this.
	“Mum, who did this to you?” I said sadly.
	“Some weird old man on the street,” Mum said weakly. “I’ll be out of here soon babe, I promise. I’m fine.”
	“Mum, you look awful!” I said, taken aback.
	“Don’t worry about me, babe,” she said exhaustedly. I took a deep breath in as I felt the sadness in me overwhelm me.

§    ELLIE    §

I was sitting down with Keelan in the first aid room, watching the school nurse plaster up his cuts and grazes. 
	“Be gentle will you, goddammit!” Keelan scolded, crossing his arms, unimpressed.
	“Don’t talk to me like that, I’m trying to help you,” said the nurse defensively.
	“Firm the pain, will you big man?” I said, giggling.
	“When I get my goddamn hands on Louis… who the hell does he think he is?!” Keelan shouted. “He’s supposed to be my best mate.”
	“Maybe he’s just going through some stuff, who cares anyway? Let the bitch boy be.” I rolled my eyes. I couldn’t be arsed listening to Keelan complain endlessly. It wasn’t my place to help him, I’d just been dragged here because the headteacher told me to. I whipped my phone out and started going through my text messages. 
	“That hurts!” Keelan cried out again, as the nurse continued to treat him. 
“Once I’m out of here, do you fancy going town, Ellie?” Keelan said shyly, like he’d never asked a girl out on a date before. “I need cheering up after this crap.” He shrugged.
I ignored him, continuing to look at my phone. I was too distracted to pay attention to him.
“Ignore me then, why don’t you,” Keelan said angrily.
Like I cared about what Keelan thought. I was texting someone who made me feel much better than Keelan ever could… Make me feel much better than any school boy ever could.
Dante. I got butterflies just by texting him.
I know you get a lot of boys asking you out so it must take a lot of convincing for you to give me an opportunity to get to know you, babe, Dante texted.
Haha, you got that right, I texted back.
You’re such a beautiful girl, baby. It would be a pleasure if you gave me the chance to talk to you more often, he said.
You’re not that bad yourself ;) I replied.
But you must get that a lot, eh? Maybe you need some incentive to meet me, to show you that I’m different from the rest, he said.
Haha, well you seem really nice, and you’re older than me, guys my age are such jerks, I replied.
See babe, you need a big man like me to take care of you, he said.
You got that right! And you’re so good looking, I replied.
How about we meet at a restaurant this weekend? It’s on me. And I’ll give you £200 just for taking your time out to see me, babe, he said.
£200 just to meet you at a restaurant?! I’m in! I replied.
Haha, I knew I’d win you over. Wear something nice for me, babe, he said.
I will!! xx I replied.
I blushed crazily as I clasped my phone against me, my heart hammering against my chest with the anticipation of meeting Dante for the first time ever. 
The first aid woman left the room, and Keelan got up on his feet.
“Ellie, what’s going on?” Keelan asked, folding his arms.
“What do you mean?” I asked awkwardly, jolting back as he spun me back into reality.
“I’ve been talking to you for the past 5 minutes and you’ve been ignoring me, stuck on that goddamn phone,” Keelan argued.
“Sorry Keelan…” I said awkwardly. “I just got distracted. I was just texting Molly about my party.”
Keelan rolled his eyes at me. “Look Ellie, there’s no need to mug me off. I just got into a fight with my best friend for you, and you don’t even pay attention to me.” He folded his arms angrily.
“Keelan, don’t be like that,” I tried. “I was just busy with my phone!” I scratched my arm, not knowing what to say.
“Fuck you, Ellie. I feel like a mug,” Keelan accused.
I shook my fists angrily, suddenly pissed off at the way he was speaking to me. Dante wouldn’t dare to speak to me like this. “Don’t start acting like you’re my boyfriend, for me to give you so much attention.” I cracked up into a fit of laughter. “You really think I’d want to be with you, knowing that you’ve hooked up with half the girls in our entire year?! Get lost Keelan.”
I shook my head angrily, and stormed out of the room. As I shut the door behind me, I could hear Keelan screaming and kicking the walls.

§    ABID    §

Me and the chick I just met were both laughing and drinking together. Her name was Aliyah. She giggled at every joke I made, and she was so fun to be around. I really enjoyed her company.
	I gave her a kiss on the cheek and she blushed uncontrollably. It was so hot to look at; I couldn’t get enough of her.
	I snapped out of it when a man charged up behind her, shaking with rage. 
	“Who the hell are you?!” he accused. And that’s when I figured - this was the man that Steve sent Trex and I to eliminate tonight. 
	His name was Asae.
	I folded my arms angrily, and Aliyah looked mortified.
	“What are you doing here, harassing my wife?!” Asae accused.
	Aliyah was his fucking wife?!
	Wow, I even have the power to bring married women to their fucking knees. Eh, who gives a fuck. This prick was still dying tonight, whether Aliyah liked it or not.
	“Asae, it’s okay,” Aliyah said awkwardly. “He was being kind to me and was keeping me company until you came back, to stop predators from attacking me in the bar.” She scratched her arm timidly.
	“Save the bullshit Aliyah, you whore!” Asae screamed. “He was about to ram his tongue down your throat!” 
My hand balled into a fist, suddenly pissed off as fuck. It was no wonder Aliyah was flirting with me. She was married to a piece of scum that spoke to her like this?! This was just giving me more motive to do the hit.
	I stormed towards Asae angrily. “Who do you think you are?!” I shouted. “That’s no way to treat a woman. She deserves better than you.”
	“You prick, you come in here, put your dirty hands all over my wife, and then you want to give me advice on how to treat a goddamn girl?!” Asae retorted, and then balled his hand into a fist.
	“Yes, that’s exactly what I’m doing,” I said bitterly. “What are you gonna do about it?!”
	Asae started laughing uncontrollably. “You chose the wrong guy to mess with tonight,” he exclaimed, with his hands on his hips.
	This man was really starting to get on my last fucking nerve. It was taking all I had in me not to floor him right here and blow his guts out all over the floor. All of a sudden, my phone started vibrating.
	I flicked it open to see that I had a text from Steve. All it said were two words.
	Kill him.
	I smiled to myself, before shoving the phone back in my pocket. 
	“Aliyah, you go home beautiful,” I reassured Aliyah. “I’ll take care of this.” She was probably going to hate me for this now, but thank me for it later. I was doing her a favour by killing her fucking bastard of a husband, and the sooner she realised he was no good for her, the better.
	“W - what are you gonna do?” she asked, afraid.
	“Didn’t you hear me?!” I repeated. “Go home!”
	She drew in a deep breath, and then pulled me in for a hug. I was surprised at this. Maybe after this shit was over, she would still want to know me after all. 
	“I’ll be in touch soon, beautiful,” I whispered. “Take care of yourself.”
	She nodded timidly, and walked away. I couldn’t help but turn around, just so that I could get another view of her ass shaking side to side as she left. I might as well take in the view, because I knew I was probably never going to see her again after this. She seemed like a good girl… she didn’t need a Mafia man like me in her life.
As soon as she was out of sight, Asae doubled over and punched me. I chuckled, amused at his poor attempt at fighting, shrugging him off with ease. 
“Now now, you wouldn’t want to cause a commotion in the bar with all these people around us, would you Asae?” I smiled, with my hands on my hips. “Let’s take this outside.”
I chuckled again as Asae rolled his eyes at me. I turned around to look at Trex at the other side of the bar. I nodded at him and he nodded back - our code word, as fucking usual. As soon as Trex started making his way out of the bar, I did the same, dragging Asae out along with me.
As soon as we got ourselves into an alleyway, I turned around, punching Asae so hard he started limping. I screamed angrily, pissed off at how fucking brave he’d felt coming at me tonight. He had some fucking nerve trying to fight the likes of me, Abid fucking Malik. He didn’t know how many men I’d killed, just like him, in my lifetime.
“It wasn’t me that messed with the wrong guy tonight,” I roared. “It was you.”
I punched him again and he fell to the ground, lying down exhausted on the hard tarmac.
“Now you Surenos will know not to mess with us,” Trex spat. “You wanted territory? We’ll give you a fucking death bed.”
“Fuck,” Asae whimpered, and me and Trex burst into hysterics.
“Yeah, that’s right,” I chuckled. “Steve sent us. You ain’t never gonna be seeing your wife or kids again.”
Me and Trex burst into further fits of laughter. You would’ve thought by now, motherfuckers like Asae would’ve learnt their lesson not to fuck with Steve’s sidekicks. Guess there were still many lessons that they needed to learn.

§    HEADTEACHER    §

I stormed into my office with Mr Roberts from the English department, furious.
	“Who does Louis think he is?!” I scolded. “I specifically ordered him to go to my office, next thing I know, he’s nowhere to be seen!”
	I slammed my files down on my desk, agitated.
	“He didn’t turn up to any of my lessons either,” said Mr Roberts thoughtfully. “I reckon he bunked.”
	I sighed, disappointed. “It’s like he wants an exclusion!” I shouted. “He’s been falling off way too much lately.”
	“I think we’re going to need to have a word with his mother,” Mr Roberts shrugged.
	“You got that right,” I confirmed angrily, rolling my eyes.

§    ABID    §

Me and Trex made our way to an abandoned park in the hood, dragging Asae by his feet.
	As soon as we arrived, I kicked him in the crotch, and he wailed in pain.
	“This is gonna teach you Surenos a lesson for sure,” said Trex.
	Asae clutched his crotch, wounded.
	“P - please don’t kill me, I’ll do anything!” he wailed. “I’ll work for you, I’ll give you information…”
	I burst out laughing. These bastards never got the idea, did they?
	“That’s what they all say, you prick,” I accused. “This situation isn’t gonna be any different for you.”
	I folded my arms angrily, as Trex kicked Asae in the crotch again.
	“No funny business, Asae,” I shouted. “Start digging this field.”
	“O - okay…” Asae whimpered.
	“Dig at least six feet deep,” Trex ordered. “You’re gonna dig your own grave.”
	“NOOOOOOOO!” Asae screamed.

§    ELLIE    §

I walked into the playground, making my way to the school gates. I saw Sandra, Aminah and her friends stood at the sidelines, talking to each other. Dumb bitches, strutting around the school like they owned the place. I was queen bee, and these bitches needed putting in their place. It was time to have some fun.
	I had so many problems at home, with family, with my little sister. I guess bullying people made me feel powerful. Made me feel like I had some sort of importance; made me feel validated. That’s why I did it… because my own mother and father always bullied me. I just projected out my anger onto other kids at school.
	I walked over to them, and kicked Sandra so hard she toppled over. She sobbed uncontrollably and I broke into laughter. This would teach those girls a lesson not to fuck with me for sure. They were nobodies, and that’s all they were ever going to be.
	Just as I was about to walk away, Aminah spun me around angrily.
	“What the hell did you do that for?!” Aminah shouted.
	I laughed again. Wow. The audacity of this bitch. Did she have any idea what the fuck she was doing? She was digging her own grave, speaking to me like that.
	“Who the hell do you think you’re talking to?!” I spat.
	“Instead of pushing nice girls about, how about you go back to sleeping with older men like you always do?!” Aminah screamed.
	“What the hell did you just say to me?” I denied, taken aback.
	“You know exactly what I said,” she accused. “Truth hurts, doesn’t it?”
	I balled my hand into a fist angrily. Who the fuck did she think she was?!
	“I’m not scared of you,” Aminah went on. “You’re just a little bully who’s got nothing good going on in her life so she takes it out on others.”
	“You better watch that goddamn mouth of yours, you slut,” I argued defensively.
	“Me, the slut?” she denied. “I’m not the one that meets up with 20 year old guys, darling.”
	That was it. That was the last straw. I balled my hand into a fist and charged at her, punching her so hard she almost toppled over. She shoved me and then slapped my face hard, yanking at my hair and then punching me repeatedly. I clutched my body in pain, and she rolled her eyes.
	What was happening to me? When did I become so weak? When did I stop teaching bitches who was boss?
	“Hurt by the truth, are you?!” Aminah screamed. “Surprised I fought back?!”
	I said nothing. In this moment… All I could feel was pain. Not physical pain… but emotionally. The things Aminah had just said to me, the way she spoke to me like I was a glorified slut, like I slept with every man that breathes. It really hurt me, I couldn’t even give a snide remark. Because it was the truth. I was speaking to Dante, a man I met online, who was in his 20s, when I was only 16. And I was planning to meet him too… All because I couldn’t stand the boys in my school. I felt like they didn’t understand me, or understand where I was coming from. Dante was always there to listen to me, to listen to me vent out about my problems without judgement. I guess that’s why I liked him so much, why I’d grown so attached to him… Even though deep down, I knew it was wrong to be with a man who was so much older than me. No other man made me feel the way Dante did.
	“That’ll teach you not to pick on my friends,” Aminah roared, spinning me back into reality. I walked out of the school gates timidly, silent tears rolling down my cheeks.

§    ABID    §

“Please, just one more chance…” Asae moaned, still clutching his crotch in pain.
	“Time’s up, motherfucker,” Trex warned.
	I cocked the gun in my hands and shot Asae three times through his skull, my patience wearing thin. I was getting tired of hearing his lame ass whimper like a fucking bitch.
	“Trex, clear up this shit like it never goddamn happened,” I shouted.
	Trex bent down towards the body, tossing it into the grave Asae had just dug. “See you in hell, motherfucker.”

§    ELLIE    §

I walked down the street, looking down to the floor, still feeling humiliated about what just happened back at school. I could hear a familiar voice calling my name behind me.
	“Ellie!”
	I turned around to see that it was Keelan. I rolled my eyes and continued to walk, ignoring him. I really didn’t want to face anyone after the way Aminah had just put me in my place back at the school gates.
	“Ellie, please just hear me out!” Keelan called. I continued to ignore him, but he bolted into a run, and caught up with me.
	“Please Ellie, I was thinking about what you said,” Keelan said, exhausted. “I know I’ve had a bad history with girls, but I’m willing to change myself for you!”
	Keelan drew in a deep breath.
	“Please Ellie, give me a chance,” he said sadly. “I won’t let you down.”
	I turned around to face him, shaking my fists angrily. “Get lost, Keelan!” I roared. “Don’t you know the meaning of personal space?! You don’t have to goddamn stalk me!”
	“Ellie, I was just…” Keelan frowned, taken aback. “I just wanted to say sorry for the way I snapped at you in the first aid room!”
	I sighed heavily.
“Please, talk to me!” he pleaded.
“Stop goddamn following me, Keelan!” I accused. “I’m warning you!”
I slapped him hard, across the face, and he jolted back, shocked. Before the realisation of what I’d just done could hit me, I bolted out of the street, weeping as I ran. I could hear Keelan cough up a sob.
Nevertheless, I continued to run. One foot after the other… but my phone was pinging into a frenzy in my pocket; I was getting so many notifications. I slowed down to catch my breath, and whipped my phone out of my pocket.
I checked my messages, and jolted back in shock, not being able to believe my eyes. I didn’t know what to make of what I’d just witnessed…
Dante had sent me an explicit nude image of himself. I was taken aback and confused, I didn’t know what to do, I didn’t know what to say… 
I took deep breaths in and out, and shakily sent a message to Dante, trying to demand answers from him, an explanation as to why he sent the photograph.
Hey, what was that for? I texted.
To show you I’m older and I’m not like any of these school kids, he replied.
Um, I guess so… I texted.
Be ready for the weekend babe ;) I can’t wait to see you. Make sure you’re dressed sexy, it’s a high-class restaurant.
	I sighed, taking deep breaths in and out, my heart hammering against my chest. It felt like somebody was waving red flags in my face… It felt like my common sense was warning me not to meet Dante.
	But what could go wrong? I would just be meeting him at a restaurant, and he would be giving me so much money for doing so. It wasn’t like we were going to meet at a hotel, or his apartment…
	And he was different. He made me feel special. He was like my getaway when everything in life was going shit. He’s 21… but he knows just how to be a proper gentleman. I just hoped that he would like me just as much in real life as he did online. I hoped that I would live up to any expectations he had of me… That he found me pretty enough, funny enough, classy enough.
	I nodded in satisfaction as I spoke to myself, and walked out of the street, ready to make my way home.

§    MUM    §

I lay down groggily on the hospital bed, feeling like death. Louis had fallen asleep on the floor in front of my bed, with his legs up. He looked so peaceful, I didn’t want to disturb him. The doctor made her way into the room, smiling at me reassuringly.
	“Hi Linda, how are you feeling, my love?” she asked.
	“Not the best, but I feel a lot better from when I was first rushed here,” I admitted.
	“Stay strong, darling. You just need some time to rest and repair,” the doctor reassured. “I’d make sure that the man who did this to you doesn’t get away with it. You better go to the police about this. The things men in the pub do when they’re drunk!
	“Don’t worry Doc, I will as soon as I’m out of here,” I replied, exhausted.
	“Anyway, I came in here to check on you, but I also wanted to let you know you’ve got a visitor,” said the doctor, and I rubbed my chin thoughtfully. “He’s a guy called Matthew. Do you want me to let him in?”
	“Yes! Yes, of course!” My eyes lit up in happiness. Matthew… he came to see me. My light at the end of the tunnel. Nothing mattered as long as I still had him by my side.
	I rubbed my eyes as the doctor left the room, and then Matthew walked inside, holding a massive gift box in his arms. He stared at me with a timid expression on his face.
	“Baby, I’m so sorry this happened to you,” he said sadly. “I wish there was something I could do.”
	“Don’t worry, babe,” I reassured him. “You just being here for me means the world to me as it is.”
	Matthew gave me a kiss on my forehead, and my heart fluttered with butterflies. He was the only glimmer of hope I had in this dark situation.
	“I wasn’t there for you,” he said timidly. “I didn’t get there in time to help you.” He took deep breaths in and out, and a tear slid down his cheek.
	“It’s not your fault, my darling,” I said, sitting up on the bed.
	“Linda, if only you knew how much I care about you…” Matthew began. “I’ve wanted to be with you for so long, to spoil you, look after you, treat you like a queen.” He sighed, drawing out another deep breath. “But it can’t happen while you’re living with Steve.”
	Silent tears rolled down my cheeks, as I contemplated how fucked up my life was. I couldn’t be with a man that I wanted to be with… because of another toxic, abusive, misogynistic, manipulative man that held a chokehold over my life and stopped me from ever being happy.
	“Babe, you need to stay strong so that you can get better,” Matthew said sadly. “Don’t get upset please.” He kissed my forehead again, and then put the large present he’d brought in with him, down next to the hospital bed.
	“It was Steve that did this to you, wasn’t it?” Matthew sighed. “Not a drunk old man.” 
	I said nothing.
	“Babe, you need to leave him before he does any more damage!” Matthew begged. “Please babe. It’s breaking my heart seeing you like this.”
	“I’m too scared of him,” I admitted. “It’s like I’m in a tangled spider web and I’m trapped, and I can’t get out of it.”
	“Babe, you need to go to the police about this…” Matthew began.
	“I would have a long time ago…” I said timidly, crossing my arms. “But I can’t do that to Louis. He loves Steve to pieces, he would never forgive me.”
	“If Louis knew what was going on, maybe he’d understand…”
	“Oh Matthew, he’s already been through so much since his dad left,” I sighed. “When I had a second marriage and married Steve, Steve gave him happiness… It was what Louis needed after all those sleepless nights. I don’t want to worry him, and that’s why I’m never going to tell him the truth about Steve abusing me. I can’t break his heart by taking away the one man who means the world to him…”
	And it was true. Steve was like the dad that Louis never had. He was the only adult who really understood him, and knew where he was coming from. They’d have the most amazing days out, and Steve would spoil him, and they’d have really intellectual conversations. It hurt Louis enough when Steve would act off and wouldn’t stay in touch… Louis finding out that Steve was a woman-beater would just add more salt to the wound.
	Matthew drew a deep breath, and I stroked Louis’s hair sadly, as he snored peacefully, not batting an eyelid. As long as Louis grew up to be a good man… None of this would matter. Louis and Matthew were the only people that mattered to me.

CHAPTER 3
MISTAKES WERE MADE



§    ELLIE    §

I stood in my room, changing in and out of outfits to find the perfect dress for my date with Dante tonight. I finally settled with curling my hair and then tying it back, wearing red lipgloss, and wearing a navy bodycon dress that hugged my curves. Dante was going to be so happy, because I looked so good right now. This outfit was giving me the confidence boost that I needed.
	I walked into the living room, carrying my baby sister in my arms. She was just 2 years old. I searched the house for Mum and Dad, but they were nowhere in sight… It looked like they weren’t home again. 
	Why did they always have to fucking ruin things for me? How was I supposed to meet Dante when there was nobody home to look after the baby?
	I rocked the baby in my arms, worried, contemplating what to do. I was just going to have to feed her and put her to sleep. It’s not like me and Dante would be out that long… and hopefully, I would be back in time for when she wakes up. It’s only one day… one day couldn’t hurt, could it?
	I cooed at the baby, suddenly feeling miserable. Any chance of a nice thing I had was always ruined by my duties at home. Deep down, I felt bad that I was going to leave the baby home alone. But I delayed meeting up with Dante enough… We were supposed to meet up months ago. It was time to make myself happy for once, instead of always being a goddamn babysitter for my Mum and Dad. I’m only 16… and I should be living my life.
	“I’m gonna leave you in your bed, baby,” I said, stroking my sister’s cheek. “I’ll be back soon, I promise.” I put her dummy in her mouth and put her back into her cot, praying that nothing would go wrong.

***

I stood in town outside Primark, patiently waiting for Dante to arrive. I decided to get my phone out to speak to him instead. 
	“Hey Dante!” I said cheerfully to him on the phone. “I’m waiting outside the street you told me to. Where are you? I can’t see you anywhere.”
	The phone line went fuzzy, and I stared at my phone, confused… and then the phone line went dead. He must have had bad signal, right?
	I shoved my phone back into my pocket, staring at my surroundings. Everybody was busily making their way back home from work, or going shopping, or going out for a nice meal. It was starting to get cold.
	And then I saw a man walking towards me. At first, I thought I was being paranoid, but he held his gaze with mine, and I shifted about uncomfortably, wishing Dante would hurry up already.
	“I’m right here, baby girl,” said the man, just inches away from me now. He was so close, I could smell his bitter alcoholic breath, and it made me uneasy.
	“Is this some kind of sick joke?!” I accused, as I took a few steps back to look at the man properly. “Where’s Dante?!”
	“I am Dante,” the man shrugged.
	I started trembling, dismayed. “No, no, you can’t be!” I gasped. This man was old, with terrifyingly veiny blue eyes, pitch grey hair, wrinkles… He looked about 65, and he was wearing a baggy green sweater, paired with baggy brown trousers and brown boots. 
	“The Dante I was talking to was only 21!” I accused. “He was young, muscular, tattooed…”
	The man rolled his eyes at me as I clutched my chest in fear, the realisation of what was happening fully hitting me and kicking in. I’d been catfished… My whole relationship that I had with Dante online had been built on a lie. None of it was real… And I didn’t know what to make of that. The one man I trusted, the one man who was my getaway from my tragic, shit life… 
He’d been lying to me this whole time. 
He’d been deceiving me this whole time.
“Obviously I had to use someone else’s pictures, or you would never meet me, knowing that I’m an old man,” he said condescendingly.
“You’re sick!” I cried.
“Come on, don’t be like that,” Dante said, rubbing his neck sheepishly. “I still really like you, Ellie. You’re even more beautiful than I imagined you would be.”
At this point, I was shaking with rage. I felt so angry, so hurt… So betrayed. I’d been played for a fool. And my blood felt like it was boiling to the point it almost dried up.
I shoved Dante so hard he almost toppled over. He straightened himself out, balling his hand into a fist.
“Stay away from me, you old creep,” I accused. “I’m leaving!”
“We can meet up just this once and never meet again,” Dante persisted, shrugging. This man couldn’t take no for a fucking answer. “We’re only going to a restaurant. I’ll raise the money to 1000 pounds just for you to have dinner with me tonight.”
I drew a deep breath in. My mind was in a state of confusion. 1000 pounds… that was more money than I’d ever seen in my lifetime. Just to have dinner with an old man?
“I’m not sure I should,” I said uneasily, and Dante burst into a fit of laughter at my discomfort.
“I’m not an animal, Ellie,” said Dante. “I’m offering you so much money just to come to a restaurant with me. It’s not like you’re gonna see anyone you know.”
I don’t know what came over me at this point. I didn’t have time to think before the words tumbled out of my mouth. I felt under pressure with Dante here, and I felt like he would carry on pestering me until I agreed to go to the restaurant with him.
“I guess I’ll come then,” I said uneasily. 
Dante nodded in approval, leading me in the direction of his car. I just wanted to get this over with and then never see him again, after how betrayed I felt. It felt like my world was crashing down on me. I really never expected that Dante wouldn’t be the man he said he was. I trusted him… This man had sent me nude images of himself, he made me feel loved and wanted compared to other boys at school.
I guess this was karma. Karma’s way of punishing me for bullying other girls at school. Karma’s way of punishing me for wanting an older man, when I myself was underage. 
I guess with time I would heal. At least I was getting some money out of today...

§    LOUIS    §

I stood in my living room, excited. Mum was being discharged from the hospital today, and she’d made a full recovery. I was so happy that she was finally coming home.
	“Mum!” I yelled happily, as she walked through the door. She giggled, and then pulled me in for a hug.
	But then I jolted backwards, as a massive man started bolting into the house at full speed, knocking the door down. It looked like a policeman.
	“What the hell?” I reacted, afraid.
	“Who are you?” asked Mum, terrified. “Me and my son haven’t done anything wrong!”
	“Have you come to arrest us?!” I cried.
	“I’m a High Court Enforcement Officer,” said the man angrily. “I’ve been given a High Court Order to seize goods from your property.”
	“What are you talking about?!” I said, dismayed, and Mum’s chest was heaving upwards and downwards; she was going white in shock.
	“Your mother has had a long-term debt that she hasn’t paid off yet,” the debt collection officer said angrily. “She's going to have to come up with the money within 2 hours or we're going to have to repossess your property.”
	Mum started sobbing uncontrollably, not knowing what to do. I couldn’t bear to watch her like this… She’d just been discharged from the hospital, and now these bastards stormed in here demanding money.
	“Mum, why didn’t you ever mention that you were in debt?” I asked sadly.
	“I thought it would go away,” Mum cried. “I can’t afford to pay it off.”
	I put my finger to my chin in thought, trying to think of a possible solution. I couldn’t let this happen to Mum… she’d had bad enough luck already. 
	And the only person I could think of that could help us get out of this situation… was Steve.
	I felt bad because Steve had a lot of bills to take care of under his measly wage as a plumber, but I couldn’t let Mum break like this. I couldn’t let these officers take our home. I was going to have to put my differences with Steve aside to sort this, no matter how mad I still was at him for letting me down time and time again. He was the only option… so I just hoped that he would be able to help us out.
	I bolted out of the room, running as fast as I could… ready to make my way to see Steve.

§    ELLIE    §

Dante was driving at a fast speed on the motorway.
	“This isn’t the way to the restaurant you were talking about,” I pointed out awkwardly.
	“We’re going to a different restaurant,” Dante reassured.
	“Oh, okay…” I folded my arms uneasily, wondering why time just couldn’t speed the fuck up.

§    LOUIS    §

I stood with Steve in the town’s square, and took a deep breath.
	“Louis…” Steve began, scratching his hair. “I ain’t heard from you in weeks.”
	“I’m still mad at you,” I shrugged, so that he wouldn’t get the wrong idea about why I was meeting him. 
I sighed. 
“I need a favour,” I admitted.
“What is it?” Steve asked.
“A debt collection officer came by the house today,” I explained.
“That’s weird,” Steve commented. “Linda never told me she had any debt.”
“We've gotta pay it off within a few hours or they're gonna repossess the property,” I sighed. “Can you help us?”
“Sure,” Steve shrugged. “I’ll be there in an hour.”
“What? Just like that?” I was taken aback. “You’re not even gonna ask how much the debt is?”
“Money isn’t a problem,” said Steve awkwardly.
“That’s weird,” I pondered. “Plumbers earn hardly anything. How is money not a problem?”

§    STEVE    §

I scratched my arm awkwardly, knowing that I would have to choose my next words really fucking carefully. Louis was onto me… he couldn’t know about the drug cartel. He couldn’t find out about anything, and I needed to fucking make sure of that. I tried to think of an excuse quickly. I was so pissed off at myself for not thinking straight before I spoke.
	“I have savings, Louis,” I shrugged.
	“Okay,” Louis said awkwardly, and then scratched his neck sheepishly. “Thanks Steve.”
	I nodded at him. The poor guy didn’t know that a couple of thousand quid meant nothing to me. I was making racks and racks everyday through the Mafia… and he had no idea. That’s the real reason why I always let him down, the real reason I was always too busy to play happy families with him. Business always came first for me… it’s kill or be killed in my world, and if I don’t stay on top of things, consequences can be fatal.

§    ELLIE    §

I followed Dante out of his car.
	“The restaurant’s this way,” he said.
	I nodded uneasily, taking his lead. He stepped into a damp, dusty alleyway. The surroundings were dark… and there wasn’t a soul in sight. 
	“What is this creepy place?!” I questioned, repulsed. “Where’s the restaurant?!”
	“I can think of many things I’d rather do than sit in a boring restaurant,” Dante shrugged, and then burst into evil laughter.
	My head started spinning as the reality of what was happening came into full focus. I struggled to breathe, it felt like the walls were closing in on me. I was trapped in an alleyway with a creepy old man… There was only one way that this could end.
	I screamed. I screamed and I screamed and I screamed, until my throat went dry and tears slid down my cheeks in fear. I stepped backwards away from Dante as he stepped closer towards me.
	“It’s okay baby, nobody can hear you,” he whispered, and I broke down into sobs. I felt so helpless, I didn’t know what to do.
	“You thought I was going to give you 1000 pounds just to have dinner with me?” Dante murmured. “Dumb bitch.”
	He sighed, trailing his finger along my collarbone as I cried.
	“Did I tell you how beautiful you look tonight?”
	He started trailing kisses on me, and I kicked his crotch as hard as I fucking could. I wasn’t going down without a fight. I needed to defend myself… I needed to find a way out of here.
	“Let me go!” I screamed, shaking.
	“Stupid slut!” Dante roared. “Stop screaming!”
	He shoved me hard against the wall and I hit my head hard against it with a painful smack. 
	“Now you will do as I say, whether you like it or not!” he screamed. “If you want to walk out of here alive tonight.”
	I sobbed uncontrollably as he started tearing at my clothes. 
	I don’t give a fuck about karma… Nobody deserves to be raped. Even if I was a bully.
	I wouldn’t wish rape on my worst enemy.
CHAPTER 4
THE AFTERMATH

§    ABID    §

I made my way into the town square, on the phone to Trex while I walked.
	“Trex, meet up with me tomorrow,” I said down the line. “I just got info that our next shipment is arriving at the canals at 7 p.m. Don’t be late g.”
	Whenever we got shipments from the canals, we always had to disguise the drugs into fruit boxes and whatnot, whether it meant hiding the bags of crack in empty watermelons, or putting them at the bottom of mango boxes. We’d then load them into lorries, ready to take back to the warehouse, count and weigh everything we ordered to make sure we weren’t being ripped off, and then supply. 
	I hung up the phone and then bumped straight into a lady that was walking past me.
	“I’m so sorry!” I sighed, embarrassed, and then kneeled down to the floor, helping her get up from the ground. I jumped as I stared at her face…
	“Aliyah!” I rubbed my neck sheepishly. “What are you doing here?! I haven’t heard from you since that night at the bar.”
	I drew a deep breath in as she blushed furiously. She had to stop doing that around me… it was a massive fucking turn-on.
	“I was just in town, shopping for some food at home,” she replied.
	“You must hate me for killing your husband, huh?” I said nervously.
	“Are you kidding me?” she denied. “It’s about time that prick died and got what he deserved. I should have left him sooner, but he was just so controlling.”
	“Well, in that case…” I chuckled. “It’s a good thing he’s six feet under.”
	Aliyah giggled, and then took in another deep breath. “You really helped me, Abid,” she said sheepishly. “Words can’t express how grateful I am. I don’t know how I can ever repay you.”
	“It was nothing,” I shrugged. 
	“It meant a lot to me,” she smiled.
	“Well, I went to the bar with orders to kill him from my boss anyway,” I admitted. “Seeing the way he treated you just gave me more motivation to do it.”
	Aliyah giggled again. “So what now?” she asked awkwardly. “I really don’t want us to lose contact.”
	I sighed. “I’m trouble, Aliyah…” I said, as much as it pained me, because there was nothing I wanted more than to give this gorgeous girl a chance. “I’m no good for you. You’re so nice and sweet… And here I am, the sidekick of Steve. He’s the kingpin of the country’s biggest drug cartel. I’m too dangerous for you.”
	I took a deep breath in as she looked at me sadly. “I would never want to put you in a situation that could harm you,” I shrugged.
	“I don’t care,” Aliyah replied firmly, folding her arms. “I was so happy when I spoke to you in the bar. You’ve got a nice vibe. I don’t want to waste the chemistry we have.” She paused. “Maybe we could just be friends, then I wouldn’t bring any danger to you.”
	“Friends…” I repeated. It was a weird concept, I’d never had a female friend. Only casual hook-ups. But I’d rather have some contact with Aliyah than none… even if it meant I wasn’t able to fuck her till the early hours of the morning and not able to eat her out for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
	“I can do that,” I smiled, trying to shut off my dirty fucking thoughts. 
	“Wanna come over to my place?” Aliyah offered, biting her lip. “We can watch some Netflix and eat Ben and Jerry’s.”
	I chuckled. “Can’t say no to that. I need a break from work anyway.”
	She smiled at me, her eyes glimmering in the sunlight.

§    ELLIE    §

I walked into my living room, beaten, bloody and bruised. I could barely stand straight. My mascara had smudged all over my cheeks, I looked like a fucking mess. I was so heartbroken… so damn heartbroken.
	“Where the fuck have you been?” my dad roared.
	I jolted back. I’d completely forgotten that my parents would be home now… And I was walking in, looking like this.
	“What happened to you?” my mum asked in disgust.
	I quickly tried to find an excuse. The last thing I wanted was my parents giving me grief for meeting strangers… they gave me enough grief as it is. They would probably blame me for being raped… when I tried so hard to fight it. It’s not my fault fucking vile men exist in this world. I had no control over the situation… There was nothing I could do. Rape is never the victim’s fault.
	“Um, I fell over…” I tried.
	“I suppose you’re fucking proud of yourself, aren’t you?!” Dad bellowed.
	“Do you have any idea what you’ve fucking done?!” Mum yelled.
	“W - what are you talking about?” I jolted back, afraid.
	“You left the baby all alone at home!” Dad accused.
“You were supposed to look after her while we were out!” Mum argued. “She was crying all night, and the neighbors put in a goddamn complaint! Now Social Services have taken her away!”
Dad screamed, shaking in rage, and I started trembling, realising how badly I’d fucked up.
“How could you do this to us?!” Dad bellowed. “I’ll kill you!”
I started sobbing uncontrollably, unable to hold back my tears anymore. Dad slapped my face hard, and I jolted back in shock.
“Stop fucking crying!” Dad shouted. “We’re in this goddamn mess because of you!”
I couldn’t take it anymore.
“You’re both fucking useless parents!” I screamed. “You always leave me alone to do everything! You don’t have a clue about what I’m going through, all you do is put pressure and responsibility on me! I’m only sixteen!”
“Don’t you dare talk to your parents like that!” Mum roared. “You ungrateful little cow. We gave birth to you, gave you a roof over your head, food on your plate. Clothes to wear. What more do you goddamn want?!”
“What could you possibly be going through?!” Dad added on. “How hard is it to look after a fucking baby?! We’ve been spoiling you for far too long. You will be punished!”
I bolted out the room, sobbing. I didn’t want to hear anymore. It felt like my world was coming crashing down on me. Nothing was going right. I’d been raped, picked on, my parents fucking hated me… And now I didn’t even have my sister here with me, either.

§    LOUIS    §

I made my way past the school hallway lockers to my classroom. When I walked in, I saw Keelan’s smug face - he was standing next to his desk with his arms folded. We shared an awkward stare, as his piercing eyes stared right through me. I rolled my eyes and shoved past him, to see three other guys from my class at the other side of the room: Swoop, Likkle T and Chase.
	“Yo Louis!” Chase called out to me.
	I rubbed my arm awkwardly. They’d never spoken to me before in my life, and they were suddenly calling me over. Regardless, I walked towards them, wanting to see what they wanted.
	“Sup, Chase?” I asked, shrugging.
	“It’s about time you stopped hanging around with that moist yute, Keelan,” said Swoop, and Likkle T broke into laughter.
	“The way you battered him the other day was amazing!” Likkle T exclaimed.
“Um, thanks,” I said sheepishly, taken aback by this sudden attention.
“Why don't you hang around with us now?” asked Chase. “We'd love to have someone who can defend himself like you on our team.”
	I turned around to see Keelan staring at me blankly. He needed to pay for what he did to me, and this was the perfect thing to make him fucking jealous. Siding with the biggest roadmen in the school.
“Sure,” I confirmed.
	They grinned at me, with a satisfied look on their faces.

§    ABID    §

I was in Aliyah’s apartment, and we’d just finished watching The Nun. 
“That movie was amazing!” I exclaimed. “You were so scared!” I burst out laughing, remembering how much she clung on to me like her life depended on it whenever there was a jump scare in the film.
Aliyah crossed her arms angrily, giving me a death stare. “I was not scared,” she said defensively.
“You so were,” I said, continuing to laugh. She started giggling too, and we both had fits of laughter until the room went quiet and we both just stared at each other.
I drew a deep breath in. You could cut the sexual tension in the air with a knife. There was an awkward silence between us, and I just couldn’t help myself but to take in how beautiful she is.
Her beautiful toned legs, her flat stomach, her plump lips, the way her necklace fit perfectly in between her cleavage… And the way she bit her lip at me, almost purring, like she wanted me to jump her bones right there and then with no regrets.
God, I was so fucking turned on right now. I had to leave before I lost control and ended up slamming her against the wall, making her scream my name while I pleasured her in ways she could never imagine.
	I coughed, cutting the silence. My pants suddenly felt way too fucking tight and I needed to get her off my mind before my sexual fantasies got the fucking better of me. “I'll get going. I'll be in touch soon.”
	I scratched my arm awkwardly, hoping she wouldn’t look down at my jeans and notice that I was rock hard.
	“Do you have to go into work today?” Aliyah asked.
“Nah, I'm collecting a shipment from the docks tomorrow,” I shrugged.
“Can you stay then?” she asked, biting her lip. “It gets so lonely in here, living on my own. I hate it.”
I took a deep breath in, trying not to turn myself on even more with the way her gaze held mine.
“I don't think that's a good idea, Aliyah,” I said, folding my arms. She looked at me with a sad expression on her face, and I sighed. Fuck it, I had to tell her the truth. I had to tell her how I really felt - the real reason why I wanted to leave so soon.
“You're so attractive, I won't be able to hold myself back,” I admitted.
	“What if I don't want you to hold yourself back?” Aliyah said, resting her hand on my rock-hard chest.
“Aliyah, we've been through this. I'm no good for you,” I sighed.
“Who said I don't like sexy bad boys?” she purred. “Your muscles are bulging through that tank top. I just want to rip it off from you right now.”
She dragged her nails down my chest until she reached my belt buckle, and I let out a sigh I didn’t know I was holding.
“Fuck!” I moaned. “Aliyah…”
	She tilted my chin up so that I was staring right at her, and then she bit her lip again as she slowly unbuttoned her clothes, and the heat started flushing to my cheeks. I drew a deep breath in as I stared at her in her lacy red Victoria Secret lingerie. She was so busty, her tits were practically pooling out of her bra. I whimpered, trying to touch her but she stopped me, before undoing her bra and letting her breasts out freely so they were in full view. Jesus Christ, this woman was going to be the fucking death of me.
	“You’re so perfect,” I moaned.
“Shut up and kiss me,” she said, jumping on top of me and tearing my shirt off, slamming her mouth onto mine so hard I knocked over. In an instant, her jeans were off. But she needed to know that I was the fucking boss here… and I always got what I wanted.
I flipped her around, squeezing her ass as she gasped, and trailed wet kisses all the way down from her neck to her collarbone. She threw her head back in pleasure. I let my hands expertly trace her every curve to the point she was trembling. She straddled my hips, pushing her whole body against me so that there was no space between us, and then mercilessly started to trace every single line of my six-pack, leaving a trail of kisses wherever she touched.
Her lips made their way back to my mouth almost desperately, her tongue playing with mine in a fury. I picked her up and slammed her against her bedroom window. Her ass was grinding on me as I rubbed my hand between her thighs and she moaned uncontrollably. 
I was on cloud fucking nine. I was feeling two things at once - pleasure and torture. Pleasure because this was the best sex I’d ever fucking had and I couldn’t get enough of her. The way she screamed my name, moaned in my ear, sent waves of pleasure pulsing through my body. 
But I felt torture because I knew this night was gonna turn my life upside down. I would keep coming back for more and more, like she was my drug. And I knew from this point that it would be hard trying to stay away from her… 
Fuck a friends with benefits, cos I know that’s not what this was going to be. Either one or both of us is going to fall in love… and I’m not prepared for my world to tear apart like that when it happens. I’ve never loved a woman, never seen a woman as more than a one-night stand. Never met a girl I hooked up with more than once.
But I just know that this is going to be different. And I don’t know whether it’s gonna end in tears of happiness or tears of heartbreak.

§    LOUIS    §

I was with Chase, Likkle T and Swoop. We’d had a really great day, eating like fat bastards, playing games in the arcade and then chilling in the park. Now we were back in the neighborhood again, talking next to a lamp-post. Who needed Keelan?
“Thanks for today guys,” I said sheepishly. “I had loads of fun.”
Chase chuckled.
	“The fun's just getting started,” Swoop said, putting his hands on his hips.
“What are you talking about?” I asked, confused.
“We're gonna raid that house behind us,” Likkle T explained.
“We've been watching that house for weeks,” Chase went on. “We know when the pricks inside it leave and come back, and all the gear they have stashed in there. They're minted! They've got loads of Playstations, and a box full of cash. Right now, it's a Friday. That means they're out at the club, and it's our perfect opportunity to take what we want with nobody watching us.”
I took a deep breath in, not knowing what to say. “I've never done something like this before,” I said awkwardly. “What if we get caught?” I coughed, embarrassed. “Plus my mum gets really mad if I come home too late…”
	Likkle T burst out laughing.
	“Aw, he's a mummy's boy,” Swoop mocked.
“There's nothing to be afraid of,” Chase shrugged. “We've got it all planned. Nothing can go wrong.”
“Do you want to be a hustler like us, or just stuck being a mummy's boy all your life?” Likkle T said angrily.
I drew another deep breath nervously. “Of course I want to hustle,” I said sheepishly.
“Then come with us,” Swoop shrugged.
	I knew that agreeing would be the only way to prove myself to them. I was my own man. I didn’t need them thinking I was a wimp, or a pussy-boy. I’d already lost Keelan… and I couldn’t lose my new friends when I’d only just met them.
	I guess it’s peer-pressure. You know when deep down, you know something is wrong, but you do it anyway? That’s how I was feeling right now… I was in a state of confusion, and I felt guilty for going behind Mum’s back… but Mum wouldn’t understand what it’s like to have guys casually talk about shit like this right in front of you, but you’ve never done anything like it yourself.


§    ELLIE    §

I sat down on my bed, sobbing uncontrollably. It felt like the world was ending… I didn’t see the point in being here anymore when I felt so fucking miserable.
I couldn’t get over what that monster did to me. I couldn’t believe he raped me. Why did I have to be so gullible and believe he was going to give me that money? I wish I had somebody to warn me. I needed to tell somebody about what happened, but I was afraid that nobody would believe me.
I drew a deep breath in, knowing I couldn't just stand in my room all day and cry about it. That prick needed to go to prison for what he did to me. I knew that going to the police about this would be the only way I’d get some form of closure… some form of justice. It would be the only way I would be able to move on… knowing he was rotting, knowing that he was being punished for what he did.
I flicked my phone open miserably, ready to dial 999. Before I did, some texts started blaring on my screen… and I almost froze in shock. It felt like the walls were closing in around me. Like I was suffocating. 
I could barely breathe.
“No, no…” I cried.
	There were several text messages from Dante, threatening me just as I was about to snitch on him…
You dare go to the police about this, and I will ruin your life you slut.
I have a recording of the things you did to please me.
One tap, and I'll have it posted online and it will circulate around the school.
We'll see how long your reputation lasts then.
And I will personally find you and kill you myself if you cause me any trouble.
	I could feel my heartbeat raise through the roof, as I broke down into fresh tears. I felt so helpless, so fucking violated.
What was the point in living anymore if this was how I was going to live? Forever looking over my shoulder, forever fearing for my life, forever being miserable about the shit that had happened to me, forever being blackmailed, forever being threatened...

***


CHAPTER 5
DIRTY LITTLE SECRETS



§    LOUIS    §

I was at school, still feeling terrible about last night. I’d robbed the house with Likkle T, Chase and Swoop, and I felt awful about it. It was like somebody had grabbed a hold of my conscience, and now, I just couldn’t stop thinking about it. I was hanging around with the wrong crowd… Being a disappointment to my mother.
	“I wonder where Ellie is these days,” I commented, as I looked around the classroom, and saw that she wasn’t here again, after weeks now.
	“That’s true, I haven’t seen her around school for ages,” Swoop agreed. “But who cares. When are we hitting our next lick?”
	Next lick… He meant next robbery.
	“You want to hit another lick?” I was taken aback. I thought this was going to be a one-off thing, and we would never do it again… but apparently they had other plans. “Wasn’t the stuff we nicked from that house enough for you? We literally got out the house seconds before they came home.” 
	Swoop rolled his eyes at me. “But the point is we still got out,” he said, shrugging. “We didn't get caught. We'll ask Chase and Likkle T about when we're gonna do another drop.”
	I took a deep breath in. I was so tired of being seen as a loser… as a pussy… that I just went along with it. As wrong as it fucking was.

§    KEELAN    §

I looked around the classroom and noticed that Ellie wasn’t here, yet again. I felt like fucking shit. She treated me like I was nothing… yet I was probably the only person at school who’d noticed she hadn’t been in. I was the only person that genuinely cared about  her.
	Where was she? I hadn’t spoken to her ever since she’d lashed out on me in the street. I don’t know why… But I had a strange feeling that she was in trouble. And I couldn’t shake this feeling; it was driving me insane.
	She had been acting shadily before she started bunking off school. Ignoring me to text somebody countlessly on her phone, and treat me harshly when she was always such a nice person to me before.
	I just hoped that she was okay… wherever she was, whatever she was doing.

§    STEVE    §

I walked into my warehouse office, furiously slamming down my financial statements for the month. The numbers were off, and I needed my money cleaning before the feds started investigating where all of my money was coming from.
	I sighed heavily as I went through my papers, because I knew I was fucking shit when it came to dealing with numbers. 
Why was the new bitch I hired to clean my money taking so long to arrive? She was weeks late, now. It should be her taking care of the technical shit… not me. She better have a good goddamn excuse, because God help her… I’ll put a bullet through her for disappointing me.
As if by fate, I heard the click-clack of high-heels on the floor, as somebody approached me from behind. This must have been her.
I turned around to see a beautiful girl with tanned, long legs. She was wearing a navy bralette with denim shorts, and her cleavage was practically pooling out of her bra. She was easy on the eyes… I’ll give her that. But why was she dressed like she was going to a strip club, rather than taking care of some goddamn paperwork?!
I suddenly realised that I was probably making myself look like a fucking creep, since I’d been staring at her tits this whole time. I looked up to her face… and let’s just say, she didn’t disappoint. She was fucking stunning… Linda could never compare to this fine piece of ass. I know I wouldn’t mind giving backshots to this chick while playing with her tits.
“I’m Aliyah,” she said. “Looking for me?”
“You took your time,” I replied, rolling my eyes. 
	“Sorry,” she chuckled. “I’ve been held up, taking care of some other business. But I’m the girl you hired to clean your money.”
	I gave her a satisfied smile, as I handed her the books to get to work.

§    LOUIS    §

Me, Chase, Likkle T and Swoop made our way to town. It was night-time and everywhere was pretty much deserted…
	Until I saw an old lady, limping her way down the pavement with her walking stick, clearly struggling to walk. She looked exhausted. I felt so fucking bad for her… I wanted to help her.
	Then I realised that this would probably make the lads think I was a pussy-boy again, so I sighed, and averted my gaze from looking at the old lady.
“So what are we doing, lads?” I asked, shrugging.
“Look at that old lady in front of us,” Chase pointed out.
“She looks like a real easy target,” Likkle T agreed. “Old people always are.”
“Let's rob her,” said Swoop.
“You would rob an old lady?” I denied, taken aback. I refused to do something like this… it wasn’t right. How could these guys be so fucking heartless?
“Don't you think that's a bit too far?” I said uncomfortably.
“Stop being such a pussy, Louis,” Swoop shot back angrily.
“I thought you wanted to hussle,” Likkle T accused.
I shifted about uncomfortably, feeling humiliated. Chase rolled his eyes.
“Look, she clearly needs help,” explained Chase. “It's the perfect opportunity to pretend to help her out and then grab her wallet.”
I drew a deep breath out that I didn’t know I was holding.
“I think we should leave this one to Louis,” Swoop said bitterly. “He needs to prove he's one of us and not just a little wuss. Not just a mummy's boy and someone who needs Keelan to fight his battles.”
	I shook my fists angrily. I felt like fucking punching him. These guys were supposed to be my friends, yet here they were, disrespecting me. They were the ones who approached me in the first place.
	“Fine, I'll do it,” I snapped. They looked at me with a triumphant expression on their face.
	I walked towards the old lady, who was still limping in the middle of the pathway. “Excuse me ma'am, would you like any help?” I offered.
“Yes, that's ever so kind of you dear,” she responded gratefully. “Could you just help me get to my house? I'm having trouble walking.”
“Yes, of course,” I smiled. 
I took her arm in mine as I helped her across the road… but the whole time, I was looking down to the floor, ashamed and embarrassed of myself. I couldn’t believe I’d stooped so low. Pretending to be nice to her just to rob her… 
My heart thumped in my chest, as my whole body felt like it was drowning in nerves. Sweat was dripping down from my face to the floor in tiny droplets. I suddenly felt fucking ill… because I couldn’t believe I was about to do something so sick, and so fucking twisted. 
Yet she held onto my arm happily, with so much trust, so much gratitude.

§    CHASE    §

Me, Swoop and Likkle T burst out laughing as we watched Louis walk away with the old lady.
“He's so goddamn gullible,” I commented, fucking amused.
“He actually thinks we're his friends, it’s funny,” Likkle T exclaimed, and Swoop burst out laughing again.
“I know right,” I replied. “We're just using him to do our dirty work for us, he's so stupid.”
And whenever Louis did things for us… it meant our hands were clean, and we got more money. I couldn’t believe how easily fooled the poor bastard was.

§    ALIYAH    §

I was standing inside of Steve’s office in his warehouse, my heart thumping against my chest with nerves as I shakily held my camera, taking photographs and videos of everything Steve was involved in… murders, drug smuggling, gun trafficking. The list was endless.
I needed to be careful so that nobody walked in while I was doing this.
	I drew a deep breath in as I looked at all the photographs. Steve was a monster… it was tough looking at how many people he’d killed, or had killed, for crossing him.
I needed to take pictures and videos of everything to add to my case report. There was so much evidence here. My boss was going to be so pleased with me.
By now, I’d taken hundreds of photographs. For now, it was probably enough. I dusted myself off, putting my phone away in my pocket before anybody saw it… until I heard the vibrating sound of a text message.
I whipped my phone out again, wondering who was texting me. And as I read the name that came up on the screen, I felt overcome with sadness and guilt. I felt fucking sick.
It was Abid.
I felt terrible for lying to him. He couldn't know that I was a secret agent. What made it even more awful was that I actually had feelings for him, and he did me a massive favour by killing Asae. If only I hadn’t been assigned this mission by my boss… nothing would’ve been able to get in the way of me and Abid being together. His sex was fucking amazing, he made me laugh till the sun went down, and I enjoyed his company so fucking much. It was hard to stay away from him, when he was literally fucking perfection.
We were both so different from each other. He lived a life with involvement in the Mafia… while I lived a life putting criminals like him behind bars.
But I felt too strongly for him to do that to him. Sure, I would take down the whole operation… but I couldn’t put Abid behind bars. I couldn’t. I’d never be able to live with myself. I wanted him and I to have a happy ending… even though deep down, I knew. I knew that there was only one way that this was going to end, because I was hurting and betraying him just by going behind his back. I was betraying him by not telling him who I really was.
Imagine if he knew the truth about me being a secret agent?
I was going to do my best to keep his name out of this case. But he just couldn’t find out about what I'm doing. I wouldn’t let him… He couldn’t find out that I was taking the job to clean Steve's money to get inside information on his whole criminal organisation.
	I drew a deep breath in as I opened Abid’s text messages.
Meet me at my place after you're done at work, babe, he texted.
I'm finishing up soon. I can't wait to see you x I replied.
You always know how to say the right things, baby ;) he said.
	I sighed, as I thought about the ways Abid pleasured me. The way I moaned while he sucked my tits, slapped my ass, fucked me so hard you could hear me scream half-way across the city.
	Was it wrong of me to want to enjoy him while this lasted? To enjoy him, before I would have to move away, because the truth came out? To live in the moment?
	Yeah, it was probably fucking wrong. But I couldn’t help myself… And I knew he couldn’t, either.

§    ABID    §

I was standing in the middle of my bedroom, without my shirt on. I was just in my fucking jeans. I didn’t want to waste any time. I wanted and needed Aliyah right now; I didn’t have time for the long game. I needed to feel her, to be inside her. To slide my fingers inside her while I bit and nibbled on her neck, and she begged me not to stop.
	I was getting a hard-on just thinking about her.
	And just at the perfect fucking time, she started walking into my room, her heels click-clacking on the floor, her ass shaking as she walked. My pants were so fucking tight just looking at her. She always wore the tiniest outfits, like she purposefully wanted to fucking torture me.
“Hey baby,” she purred, pushing me backwards onto the bed and climbing on top of me, grinding her hips against my crotch. 
“Fuck,” I moaned. “I missed you so much.”
	She slammed her mouth onto mine, while sliding her hand into my boxers, and I swear I lost all the little fucking self-control I had left.
	“What are you doing to me, Aliyah?” I murmured against her mouth. “You're like my drug. I can't get enough of you.”
“I feel the same way, baby,” she whispered, and then smothered my face with her tits, while I grabbed her ass with both of my hands, rubbing it up and down and slapping it.
	I let my tongue swirl around her nipple, and she was already moaning in my ear. Fucking hell… 
	“Mmm, baby,” she moaned. “Don’t stop… Please…”
	She gasped as I took both her breasts in my hands, massaging them while I sucked on her neck.
	“Your phone’s ringing,” she moaned.
“Let it ring,” I said, out of breath in between kisses. “You're more important.”

§    LOUIS    §

I’d taken the old lady to an old deserted park. It was dark, with nobody around. I’d purposefully taken her here, so that there were no witnesses… Nobody who was about to see what I was going to fucking do to her.
“This doesn't look like my house, dear,” she said wearily, a confused expression on her face.
	I drew in a deep breath, and sighed heavily. “I’m sorry for what I'm about to do,” I said, swallowing.
	And before I could change my mind, I kicked her hard… so hard that she fainted onto the floor. I bent down next to her limp body as she fell into unconsciousness, and a wave of nausea hit me as I realised what a fucking vile thing I’d just done.
I needed to get out of here.
I grabbed her wallet, trying not to look at her face while I did. I felt dizzy, and my surroundings felt like they were blurring around me. I couldn’t believe I was so capable of doing such a twisted thing.
	My heart pounding against my chest, I got up from the floor, and sprinted as fast as fucking humanly possible, out of the park. I ran for all I was worth. By now I’d made it to the highway. Hundreds of cars were whizzing past in the busy traffic, the sounds of the roaring engines deafening my ears. 
	My pulse was rising through the roof. I couldn't believe what I'd done. I couldn't comprehend it. I'd hurt an old lady just for her wallet.
	And now she was unconscious… While I was running away with a couple of hundred quid at most.
	What the fuck was wrong with me? When did I become such a disgusting bastard?
	By now, I couldn’t even figure out if the water sliding down my cheeks was my tears or my fucking sweat. I wanted to forget this shit ever happened. Erase it from my memory, erase it from my fucking mind.
I just kept on running… That was all I could do.
I didn't know where I was going, or what I was going to do. I knew Mum would be at work so there was no point going home.
I thought long and hard, and then I decided to make my way to Steve's house. I'd never been to his house before - he'd never invited me over and whenever I asked him he always changed the topic.
He'd never told me where his house was before, but I'd seen him walk into it accidentally when I was on my way to town with Keelan one day.
Steve was exactly the person I wanted to see right now. I just wanted to get everything out, to pour my problems to him and for him to be there to reassure me.
I wanted us to put our differences aside and go back to normal. It didn’t matter how many times he’d let me down in the past… Him and my mother were the only family I had left, and I knew my mum would probably disown me if she found out what I’d been getting up-to behind her back. She didn’t have the slightest idea… and it fucking pained me that I was such a fucking disappointment.
This was why she was always so scared about sending me to a high-school in the neighborhood, why she always stayed up all night, worrying about me. And I couldn’t even prove her wrong. She was right. I was getting influenced by the wrong crowd… I didn’t even take my own mother’s fucking advice.
Nevertheless, I continued to run, one foot in front of the other, until my surroundings went blurry because of how fast I was running. I wasn’t even thinking rationally at this point. The only person that was on my mind now was my step-dad Steve… and I needed to see him.
A man with a hood over his face shoved past me, almost making me trip over. I could hear sirens. I wasn’t sure if this was a safe area for me to be walking in, but I needed to see Steve.

***

I walked past endless houses, trying to spot which one was his. Then I recognized his car, and it was parked right outside his house. I looked up and smiled. I was here.
As soon as I saw the townhouse where Steve lived, I stopped running. Some of the windows were smashed, and it looked pretty rough… but I didn’t care.
	I walked through the front gate and knocked on the front door. I stood there for five minutes just knocking, until I reached for the door handle and realised the door was already open. 	
I made my way inside, taking a deep breath in. This was it. This was his house. I just hoped he wouldn’t be pissed off at me for turning up unannounced.
	When I walked into the living room, I was shocked. There were chandeliers hanging on the walls, white leather sofas and a 70-inch wide-screen plasma TV plastered across the wall.
Why did this place look so flashy on a plumber's measly wage?
“Steve?” I called out. “Steeeeeve?”
There was no response, so I carried on walking further into the house.
	I walked into another flashy room, and then my heart almost jumped out of my chest. I saw a man and woman completely naked, fucking each other on the couch. They didn’t seem to notice I was there so I quickly departed from the room and started making my way upstairs, fucking traumatised at what I’d just witnessed. Something didn’t feel right about this.
	As I made my way upstairs, I started coughing uncontrollably. The house started to wreak with the stench of cigarettes and alcohol. There were beer cans scattered everywhere, around every room. I walked into a bedroom and saw weed plants in front of me. I was absolutely shocked. What the fuck was going on?!
I gasped, dismayed, as I looked further to see a cabinet full of boxes and needles. There were pills, morphine injections…
I needed to get out of here, fast. I slowly walked backwards, terrified, as I began making my way out of the room… And then I bumped straight into somebody.
Fuck.
I heard the cock of a gun, and felt the feeling of hard metal being pressed against my head. I swallowed, hard, slowly turning around. I was fucking terrified. 
A massive man was towering over me, holding a gun against my temple. He was tall, around six foot, and muscular. I swallowed nervously, sweat beading on my forehead, my heart throbbing against my chest, as I watched my life flash before my eyes.
“It looks like we have a trespasser,” he said quietly. “Give me one good reason that I shouldn't put a bullet through your brain right now.”
	More men started crowding around… Men who looked just like this one. 
	I was trapped… with no way out. I might as well wave goodbye to my life right now. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit. The trinity.
“I - I didn't mean any harm,” I said, trembling and shaking with fear.
“Aw, he's a little yute,” one of them laughed. “He’s gonna go straight to the police, isn’t he?”
“I won't, I s - swear!” I cried out. “Please just let me go!”
	The man drew the gun angrily, cocking it and refilling it with bullets. 
	“NO! No!” I begged. “Please!”
“Stop!” A booming, authoritative voice came from behind the men.
The man walked into the room, and everybody looked at him thoughtfully, like he was powerful, like he was their master. His face came into full focus…
It was Steve.
	The men shuffled backwards uncomfortably.
“I'm his stepdad. Leave him be,” said Steve. The men sighed, agitated.
“I said fucking stop it, didn’t I Abid?!” Steve rolled his eyes. “Get the fuck outta here. You and Trex have shipments to take care of.”
Steve folded his arms angrily.
“Our bad, boss,” Abid apologized.
	My chest kept heaving upwards and downwards in shock after what had just happened. I couldn’t come to terms with it. I couldn’t comprehend it.
	Steve.
	He was part of a drug organisation?
	Blood rushed to my cheeks as silent tears fell out of my eyes. It felt like I was frozen to the spot, and I couldn’t move. It felt like I was suffocating. I was struggling to breathe.
	Steve took steps towards me and put his arm around me, leading me away from the men, downstairs to the lounge. I couldn’t even open my mouth to protest. It felt like somebody was holding my tongue down, like I didn’t even know how to fucking speak anymore. The arms that I once felt so safe in, so secure in, so comfortable and cared in… 
	Steve’s arms…
	Now fucking disgusted me. I felt disgusted that I was even near him. I felt disgusted that this was the man that I looked up to.
	I felt disgusted that this was the man I saw as a father figure.
	“Louis, what the fuck are you doing here?!” Steve shouted at me. “I've always told you not to come near my house!” 
I’d never seen this side to him before. He’d never been angry at me like this… He’d never lashed out at me like this.
	Had I been living my whole life as a lie?
	I started crying. I couldn’t help it. I completely broke down, unable to hold back my sobs anymore. I was tired of trying to act strong, when deep down I was weak, broken and timid. I was tired of putting up a front. I’d had enough.
“Louis, hey, hey,” Steve said calmly. “It's alright. Come on, talk to me.”
“Talk to you?” I sniffed. “You've been lying to me all these years, and you want me to talk to you?!”
“There's no need to talk to me like that,” he remarked bitterly. “You're only fourteen, for God's sake. How am I meant to tell you about these kinds of things?”
I remained silent. He gave me a long and hard sigh. “Look Louis, I don't want you getting caught up in my life. Do us a favour and don't mention this to your mum, yeah? We'll say no more about it, and we’ll forget this ever happened.”
	I shook my head angrily, balling my hand into a fist. I was fucking fuming. “So that's how you bought me all that stuff. You sold drugs. You always told Mum that you were a plumber!” I shouted, and then drew in a deep breath. “I saw this woman and man sleeping together in one room. Don't tell me you have prostitutes in this house as well-”
	Steve slapped me, hard, cutting me off my sentence before I even got a chance to finish it. I jolted back in shock, unable to believe my eyes.
“Shut up, you nosy bastard. This is none of your business. If you dare go to the police about this…” Steve balled his hand into a fist.
I was taken aback. How did Steve have the audacity to hit me? The man who I saw as a second father, who I'd spent my life with, who'd taken care of me and helped Mum cope. 
He hit me?
I drew in a deep breath. What the hell did I expect? All of Steve’s true colours were starting to show now. Everything was suddenly making sense to me. Why he always let me down, why he always acted shadily whenever I asked him where he lived, why he’d always go to another room to take a call, why he’d always behave pissed off with Mum whenever he came round.
This man was a stone-cold fucking bastard. He sold drugs, he murdered people, his men fucked prostitutes, he destroyed people’s lives.
He was the kingpin of a mafia, a drug cartel, and my whole life, I had no fucking idea.
“Don't you ever fucking come near me and my mum again,” I said bitterly. “Or I'll tell her everything. Stay away from us, you lying, cheating bastard.”
Steve laughed, not taking me seriously. “Come on Louis, there's no need to be like that.”
“You were like a dad to me. You really were. I looked up to you, I was always so excited to see you, I always raved to Mum about you…” I broke off my sentence, overwhelmed with sadness.
“We can still be who we were Louis, nothing's changed. I just don't want you involved in this type of thing, especially at your age,” Steve said, frowning as he realised I wasn’t messing around with him.
“Just leave me alone!” I wept.
I bolted out of the room, only to see another naked woman sitting by the door. I covered my eyes with my sleeve and walked out of the house, ignoring Steve constantly shouting and calling out my name, begging for me to come back and let him explain himself.
I was ashamed to have ever treated this man as something special to me.

CHAPTER 6
HIDDEN TRUTHS


§    LOUIS    §

I made my way to Subway, where I always went to get my fix of a tuna footlong sandwich. It’d been weeks since I saw Steve at his house now. Deep down, I knew I would never be able to get over what I’d fucking witnessed, and what I’d found out about who my stepdad really was… but I had to at least try to take my mind off it.
	When I arrived at Subway, I saw Keelan standing outside of it, eating a pizza, looking like he was about to murder the poor fucking food. As soon as he saw me, he coughed awkwardly, putting the pizza back into the box, embarrassed. I rolled my eyes at him, doing my best to ignore him and just go into the shop to buy my food. I was fucking starving.
	“Hey Louis…” Keelan began, rubbing his neck sheepishly, like it had taken him all the courage he had in him to come up to me and speak to me.
	“Why are you there everywhere I go?” I scolded angrily. “I came here to buy a bagel, not to see your ugly face lurking around here.”
	I rolled my eyes again, annoyed.
“I was wondering if we could put our differences aside,” Keelan admitted.    
“And why would I do that?” I snapped, folding my arms angrily.
“I’m worried about Ellie,” Keelan sighed. “She hasn't been at school for ages.” He took a deep breath in, scratching his arm awkwardly. “I was wondering if we could go round to hers and check if she's okay.”
I rolled my eyes. “Who cares about her, she's probably crying cos of a broken nail.”
“Come on man,” Keelan begged. “I had an argument with her and she seems to like you. She'll probably let us in if you're there.”
I really couldn’t be arsed with this. I had enough of my own shit to deal with, without having to add other people’s problems to my fucking plate. But I knew Keelan would never stop begging until he got what he wanted. In my years and years of knowing him, that was one thing that was fucking certain.
“Fine,” I sighed, taking my head into my hands as Keelan smiled at me victoriously.

***

We made our way to Ellie’s house. There were no cars parked up outside, so it looked like her parents weren’t home. We tried knocking on the door, but nobody answered. Keelan started slamming against it, and then realised that it was already open.
We walked into the main living room, which was also empty.
“Ellie?” I called out.
“ELLIEEEEE?!” Keelan shouted.
We walked further into the house. Maybe there was a logical explanation to this… Maybe she had gone to visit some family, or she was out with her friends.
Come to think of it, Ellie didn’t have any fucking friends. I was starting to get a little bit nervous now, feeling guilty that I’d shit-talked her earlier. I really hoped that she was okay.
“Let’s check her room,” Keelan suggested, as we carefully trod through the floorboards, doing our best not to make a sound. We were trespassing, after all.
We figured her room was the pink one, full of teddy bears and fairy pillows. We walked inside, and saw Ellie sitting on her bed, sobbing. She looked like she hadn’t eaten or slept in weeks; her face was so pale, her hair was untidy, and she’d lost so much weight, you could visibly make out the bones in her arms.
“Ellie, what's wrong?!” Keelan shouted, running up to her and putting his arms around her. She leaned into his chest, sobbing against it and soaking it with her tears.
“I don't want to live anymore,” Ellie sniffed.
I felt a huge wave of guilt washing over me as I watched her cry. It seemed like she was really going through something… I had no idea what, though. I had to make amends with her, after how badly I’d been treating her lately.
“What happened?” I asked, concerned. “Why haven't you been coming to school?”
	Ellie drew in a deep breath, and her eyes looked bloodshot and swollen. It looked like she was trying to say something, but then she just shook her head. “I - I can't say,” she stammered, as she continued to cry.
“You can trust us, Ell',” Keelan whispered.
	Ellie took several deep breaths in and out, as Keelan stroked her back and held her close. I made my way to her bed, putting my arm around her as I sat next to her on the opposite side.
	“It’s okay,” I murmured. “Take your time.”
	She took another deep breath in. 
“I – I…” she mumbled, and then shook her head. “I got r - raped.”
I felt my blood run cold. I couldn’t believe it. This was why she hadn’t been coming to school… And if it weren’t for Keelan, we would’ve never checked on her.
I didn’t know what to say. I fucking hated myself at this point. Hated myself for all the shit things I said to her, for falling out with Keelan over a petty argument. I hated myself for not doing more to see if she was okay… when it was clear that something was wrong this whole time.
Why did such fucking disgusting men exist in the world? Why would you forcibly have sex with somebody against their will? I couldn’t put my head around how sick some men were. Nobody deserves to be raped… Nobody. I wouldn’t wish rape on my worst enemy.
Ellie must be so fucking depressed right now. Her mental health was probably suffering like crazy. She’d be traumatized for the rest of her fucking life… 
	I watched Keelan cough up a sob, rocking his head in his hands, with tears sliding down his cheeks. If we were this hurt just finding out about what happened to Ellie… I couldn’t even begin to imagine how she was actually feeling.
	“Shit…” I mumbled. “I'm so sorry.”
“Who did this to you?!” Keelan shouted, his blood boiling to the point it almost dried up.
“A creepy old man,” Ellie said, trembling. 
I shook my fists angrily, even more pissed off than I was when I heard the news. An old man did this to her… Sick bastard. Should’ve known better than to fuck a minor. 
“I should tell my stepdad,” I hissed, folding my arms. “He'll take care of this.”
“You need to go to the police, Ellie,” Keelan said timidly, and Ellie broke into fresh sobs.
“I - I can't!” she cried. She looked so terrified; I could feel angry tears prick in my own eyes. “If I do, he'll kill me! He threatened me. He has a video of me naked!”
	I drew in a deep breath. Not only did this man forcibly rape her, but he also fucking recorded it?! How fucking twisted was this bastard?!
“Who cares if you're naked?” Keelan denied, taking in a deep breath. “It's like wearing a bikini at the beach. No-one cares. He needs to pay for what he's done. You need to go to the police. If anything, the video is just incriminating evidence. If he released it, he’d just be exposing himself.”
Ellie continued to cry. She knew that Keelan had a point, but she still looked too frightened to do anything. “I'm too scared!” she wept.
I drew in another deep breath. I owed Ellie an apology for the way I’d been behaving towards her in the past. “Ellie, I'm sorry I was so horrible to you.”
“It's okay,” Ellie replied timidly, and then fear suddenly flashed across her face. “Fuck!” she screamed. “Both of you need to go! My parents will be home soon!”
“So what if they will?” Keelan denied, taken aback. “We're not leaving you like this.”
“You don't understand…” Ellie sniffed. “I'll be in big trouble if they see boys here!”
	I sighed. I didn’t want to cause her any more problems than she already had. She had enough on her plate already to deal with, without us adding it and causing shit between her family. I had a feeling she hadn’t even told her mum and dad what had happened to her, yet… 
“Okay…” I mumbled, as Keelan’s chest heaved upwards and downwards. “But just remember, you're not alone, Ellie. You know where me and Keelan are if you ever need any help.”
“Please don't tell anyone about this!” Ellie cried. “I'm not ready to go to the police yet!”
“As long as you're ready soon,” Keelan responded sadly.
It pained me that there wasn’t any way that we could fucking help her. There wasn’t anything we could do. Me and Keelan were younger than her. We couldn’t hunt down the man, or take him on ourselves. We’d be dead men walking. And we’d promised her that we wouldn’t tell anybody…
I just prayed to God that she would heal and feel better, because I didn’t know what I’d do if I found out something like this happened to my mother, or my sister, if I had one. It’s something you just wouldn’t want anybody to experience… and it’s so fucking tragic that so many women and girls experience it, every fucking day.
It’s a fucked up world we live in.
	Keelan got up from Ellie’s bed, joining me at the door. I sighed, as we both slowly started walking out of Ellie’s house.
	I couldn’t shake this terrible feeling that me and Keelan were making a mistake by leaving her alone here in her shaken, heartbroken state. I felt obliged to stay with her, to help her, to comfort her…
	I turned around to look at her again, and she’d broken down into sobs, collapsing on her bedroom floor. I felt numb, my throat going dry as I watched her…
	But then I turned around, taking a deep breath in… And I continued to make my way out of the house with Keelan.

§    ABID    §

“Fuck!” Aliyah moaned, as I pushed in and out of her against her bedroom wall, my lips all over her neck. 
She was driving me fucking crazy. Her nails dug into my back as she gripped onto me for support and I fucked her harder. I allowed my tongue to move down to her nipples, teasing her nipples, gently nibbling with my teeth, while my free hand massaged her other breast, and then I took it into my mouth, sucking on it as she moaned and begged me not to stop.
“Fuck!” she whimpered. “I – I love you, Abid.”
	I withdrew my body from hers, staring at her, speechless. Did I just hear her right…? She – she loved me? 
“I shouldn't have said that,” Aliyah whispered, staring into my eyes. She bit her lip, looking embarrassed with herself. “It's too early… I'm such an idiot.”
“Shut up,” I murmured. I rested my hand on her face, gently stroking her cheek, and then tilted her chin up so that she was staring right at me. They say eyes are the window to the soul… And right now, we were both naked. Like our raw emotions were out here on the surface.
I felt a flood of heat rush through my body. Love. That was a feeling that I’d never experienced before. But when I looked at Aliyah… stared at her, in my vulnerable state…
I saw a future with her. I saw myself spending the rest of my life with her. I saw us having kids together, growing old together. I’d never been able to picture this with any other woman.
She stared back at me with a confused expression, like she was waiting for me to say something. I could feel my chest heave upwards and downwards. Aliyah made me feel like love existed… even for a criminal like me. 
	“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
	“Shut up,” I repeated, and then slammed my mouth down onto hers so hard, I could feel the wind knock out of my lungs. She moaned, parting her lips as she granted my tongue access. I spun her around, grabbing her ass with both of my hands, picking her up as I kissed her like my life depended on it.
“I love you too, Aliyah,” I whimpered against her mouth. “You make me feel things I've never felt before.” I threw her onto the bed, climbing on top of her, and smashing my lips onto hers again. “You intoxicate me.”
	She flipped me around, dragging her nails across my chest and then left wet kisses wherever she touched, and then stopped as she reached my rock-hard member and took it into her hands.
	“It’s time for me to take control,” she purred.
	Fuck. This woman was going to be the death of me.

***

When we’d finished going for the fifth round, we decided to stop and get the fuck out of bed. We had responsibilities, as much as I wanted to fuck her every minute and every hour of the day.
	I stood in the middle of her bedroom, changing into my normal jeans and vest, while she changed into her normal crop top and shorts combo that did wonders on her ass. As she pulled up her shorts, I slapped her ass, pulling her close to me.
“I don't want you to go to work,” I murmured, as I nibbled her ear.
	She giggled underneath my touch, and then playfully pushed me off, much to my fucking disappointment.
“You know I have to go to work, babe,” she remarked, with her hands on her hips.

§    ALIYAH    §

As Abid stared at me, sighing because he couldn’t take me back to bed, I giggled. But it was time for me to go to Steve’s warehouse to clean his money… and I knew Steve wouldn’t be happy if I was late. I knew that I’d better ask Abid if he was going to work today so that he wouldn’t see me at his workplace. We couldn't go to work at the same time, or I’d blow my cover and the whole damn operation. This job required me to be real fucking careful, and just one-slip up would fuck me up the ass. Having sex with Abid just made everything ten-times more fucking complicated.
“Do you have work today?” I asked, shrugging.
“Nah, I'm just gonna go to town and chill with Trex,” Abid replied.
	I nodded happily in approval. I was safe for now. Abid continued to stare at me, his fingers rubbing his chin as he got lost in thought. 
“Where did you say you worked anyway?” he asked, shrugging.
“Just at a coffee shop, babe,” I replied quickly, wanting him to change the subject.
“Do you want me to drop you off?” he offered. “So we can have another round in my car, if you know what I mean.” He gave me that devilish wink that he always did, which always managed to set my body on fire.
“Behave!” I giggled, shoving him playfully, and he cracked up into laughter.
“I’ll see you after work, babe.” He kissed my cheek, and then walked out of my apartment. I sighed as I watched him leaving, wishing our situation didn’t have to be like this. Always keeping secrets from each other… Always beating around the bush.

***

I made my way back to my apartment, and I stood in my room, looking at all the evidence that I’d gathered against Steve and his criminal organization so far. I had lots of pictures and videos that incriminated him.
	It was safe to say that my investigation was coming together smoothly. I had lots of dirt on Steve and Abid's name hadn't come up in anything, so he would be safe from this. Maybe if Steve was behind bars, Abid wouldn’t be so worried about pursuing a relationship with me after the truth comes out… And wouldn’t hate me for it as much because there wouldn’t be any backlash. Maybe he would even leave his criminal life behind for me? I don’t know, but I knew that I loved him… and by the looks of it, it seemed like he really loved me, too.
I wasn't going to report any of the information I’d gathered so far to my boss yet, though. I needed to make sure that my case was air-tight with no loopholes, and that it would be enough to incarcerate Steve. I needed a full file of rock-hard evidence, that no judge would be able to compete with.
Hopefully, I would have enough by the end of today.
	I nodded to myself in approval, and then started making my way to work.

***

I walked into Steve’s warehouse, and almost jumped out of my skin as I saw him already standing in the middle of the office room, with his arms folded. He looked so fucking angry, I thought he was going to shoot me right there and then. 
	I scratched my arm awkwardly. I didn’t want to say anything, with the risk that I would piss him off even more than he already was. I just hoped he wouldn’t lash out at me.
“You're late again,” Steve scolded bitterly, and then rolled his eyes, folding his arms as I took a deep breath in. “You're lucky you're pretty, or I would've fired you ages ago.” He rolled his eyes again. “Get to work.”
	I sighed… Confused as to whether he was barking at me, or complimenting me.
“I'll be back to check on you in an hour,” Steve hissed, and then walked out of the room.
I put my fingers to my chin, lost in thought. 
Steve thought I was pretty…? It looked like I’d found his weakness. A sexy woman. If I were a man, or anybody else for that matter, he probably would’ve punched me or threatened me, and given me words of warning, being the criminal that he is. But he just shrugged me off and told me to get back to work, and then left me alone. 
Maybe I could use this to my advantage to get information from him that would assist me in his case. A bit of harmless teasing and flirting wasn’t going to hurt anyone… and it would mean that I could get out of this dump as soon as fucking possible, and stop working undercover.
I took a deep breath in, proud of myself that I’d found a solution. Maybe this wasn’t going to be as tricky as I thought it was going to be. I walked into my office and got to work, and while I did… I started plotting ideas in my head; ways that I could seduce Steve without having to touch him.

§    ABID    §

Me and Trex were standing in Pepe’s Peri Peri, munching on 4 Extra Hot Chicken XL burgers each. Pepes served by far the sexiest takeout food in the whole of Birmingham. We had such big fucking appetites, and we ate like fat bastards in public, not caring what people thought of us. Other people hardly managed to stomach one chicken wrap. Pussies.
	“Fuck, man,” Trex moaned. “I really fucking needed that food. I can’t remember the last time I fucking ate at Pepes.”
	I laughed at him, flipping open the menu to find some more food to order, because my hunger still wasn’t satisfied. All of a sudden, my phone started going off, and my ringtone was Toothache by Jaykae. The restaurant was quiet, and everybody was staring at me. Shit, this was fucking awkward. I couldn’t figure out if they were staring at me because they thought I was a fucking weirdo, or because this song was a fucking banger and they all wanted to break into dance.
“Your phone's going off,” Trex said awkwardly.
“No shit, Sherlock,” I said, rolling my eyes. I flipped open my phone, quickly putting it on Silent to stop everybody looking at me. Steve’s name blared across the screen, so I flicked open his text messages.
Come down to the spot. I've got some packages for you to shift.
I smirked, shoving my phone back in my pocket. That was the thing about being involved in a drug cartel. There was no rest for the wicked. We were always on the grind, always hustling, never taking breaks. There was money to be made every hour of the day.
“He wants us to come down to the spot,” I explained to Trex.
Trex nodded, and we made our way out of Pepes, ready to make our way to the warehouse.

§    ALIYAH    §

When I heard the stomping of feet as Steve approached my office to check on me, I purposefully dropped some of my papers on the floor. As soon as he arrived at the door, I bent down, so that my huge ass was in the air, and started gathering my papers from the ground. I deliberately lingered for a few seconds, because I knew Steve’s eyes were on me. I felt a little pathetic, but I knew this strategy would work. Seducing weak men has always fucking worked before in my line of business.

§    STEVE    §

As I stared at Aliyah’s ass, I couldn’t help but feel heat rush to my cheeks. She was so fucking sexy, and she knew it. I loved a confident woman. She was assertive, dominant, and she knew exactly what the fuck she was doing.
	Her ass was fucking huge. I couldn’t stop staring at it. I’d never got to have a proper look at it before, especially with her bent down across her office floor with her ass in the air. She was a lot sexier than I initially fucking thought she was. 
	“Lovely view,” I said, smirking.
	She got up from the floor, turning around and dusting herself off, pushing her tits together so that her cleavage line went on for miles.
“You haven't seen nothing yet,” she whispered, biting her lip at me. I scratched my arm awkwardly. She’d already got me so fucking undone. I already had a fucking hard-on.
“Is that so?” I asked, coughing, trying to pull myself together. “Care to elaborate?”
	She dusted herself off again, so that her jacket fell to the floor, and her bare arms, stomach and legs were exposed. The only layer of clothes that stopped me bending her across her desk and fucking her doggy-style were her tiny crop top and shorts, that left little to the imagination.
“This is just without the jacket,” she smirked, as she noticed me staring. She put a finger in her mouth as she stared at me. “Imagine I took it all off…”
“Fuck,” I moaned. “You can't tease me like that and then not let me have a taste.”
I traced her collarbone with my finger. Her skin was so fucking soft, it felt like silk. I didn’t even want to restrain myself. I wanted to slam her onto the desk right here with no regrets. 
“I'd love to be your second in command in the mafia,” said Aliyah, biting her lip again. 
“Hold your horses princess,” I said coyly. “You only just got here.”
“What are your plans for expansion?” she asked.
“Well, we've already declared war on the Surenos,” I shrugged. “It'll be the Sinaloa's and the Manzella's next. We're going to destroy their shipment ports.”
	When I said this, I couldn’t help but notice her eyes glimmer, like she felt satisfied about something. I didn’t know what, though. 
“Where will they be receiving their shipments?” she asked.
“At the docks in Southhampton,” I explained, but I was suddenly getting agitated with all of her random ass questions that she needed to know nothing about. All I wanted to focus on was being balls-deep inside her, right here in this office.
“Forget all the technicalities,” I smirked. “They’re for me to worry about. How about we have some fun?”
I lifted her chin so that she was staring right at me, and leaned in to kiss her. She shifted backwards a little, like she was trying to avoid it, and put her finger to my lips to stop me kissing her. What the fuck was she playing at? Teasing me for a good half an hour and then not even letting me fucking touch her?


§    ABID    §

I’d been searching the warehouse for Steve, not knowing where he was. Trex searched one half of the area, while I searched the other. He wasn’t in the main shipment room, nor in the security control room. There was only one other place that I figured he could be… In his old office, where he took care of his numbers, and cleaning his money. I remembered him telling me weeks ago that he was waiting for a woman he’d hired to take care of it for him instead.
	I made my way to the office, to get my orders from him on how he wanted me to deal with the shipments. When I got there, the door was already open. I peered inside the room…
	And then I stopped dead in my tracks. 
	I saw Steve with Aliyah pushed against the desk. He had his hands on her hips, and his lips were just inches away from hers. I couldn’t believe my fucking eyes. I couldn’t believe what I was witnessing.
	Just this morning, me and Aliyah had fucked five rounds, and told each other that we loved each other. But here, I was seeing something completely different… She was in the arms of another man. The arms of my motherfucking boss!
	I drew a deep breath in, and a deep breath out. A deep breath in… And a deep breath out. And I continued repeating this, trying my best not to have a fucking panic attack.
I should've known that what I had with her was too good to be true. She said that she loved me, but she was here flirting with Steve. I couldn't believe that she would do something like this.
I guess I should’ve listened to my own brain. Criminals like me… Love didn’t exist for us in our cruel world. Everything I had with Aliyah… It was all a fucking lie. That was probably why she lied to me, saying that she was going to work… So that she could come here, and fuck Steve. That’s probably why she also asked me if I was going to work today, so that it would be safe for her to come in and do the dirty with Steve, without having to worry about me catching her. 
I refused to accept this. I was fucking fuming. I’d never been so fucking angry… so fucking heartbroken in my entire life. I needed answers. I wasn’t going to allow any bitch to treat me for a fucking mug.
I shook my fists angrily. It took all I had in me not to storm right up to her there and shoot her through the brain for what she’d done to me. The only time I’d fallen in love… The one and only time. I’d been played for a fucking fool.
I sprinted out of the room, angry tears streaming down my face.

§    ALIYAH    §

When Steve came onto me, I could feel my plan backfire. I’d only planned to tease him; I didn’t expect that he’d pounce onto me like a fucking animal.
	When he leaned into kiss me, I felt fucking disgusted. I was only flirting with him for the sake of my mission… but I refused to touch him or do anything with him. It was Abid that I really loved. Abid Malik… Despite the circumstances that we were in. What I felt for him was real.
	As Steve’s lips came just inches between mine, I shoved him off, hard. He folded his arms angrily, looking hurt and taken aback. I’d pissed him off… I needed to fix this situation before he started suspecting me or decided to put a bullet through my brain after all.
“Sorry Steve, but I'm a tough cookie,” I shrugged, laughing sheepishly, trying to lessen the awkwardness in the situation. “I don't just sleep with men like that.”
	He rolled his eyes, disappointed. “Whatever,” he sighed. “I should’ve known you were off-limits anyway. You’re so fucking stuck-up and prestige.”
	I laughed awkwardly. “We good?” I asked, scratching my arm.
	“Yeah, we’re good,” Steve said, rolling his eyes again. “Just don’t tease me like that again if you’re not gonna do anything with me.”
	“Noted,” I said, giggling. 
	“Have you done all your work for today?” he asked.
	“Yep,” I confirmed, with my hands on my hips. “I’ll see you around.” I waved at him, giving him a playful wink as I departed from the room, and he sighed again, clearly fucking disappointed.
***

As I started to make my way out of the warehouse, I stepped into the storage room, to quickly check my phone for any text messages. As I walked inside, I saw Abid standing there in the middle of the room. His arms were folded, and he narrowed his eyes at me. He looked like he was about to murder.
	I jolted backwards in shock. It felt like my heart had leapt out of my chest. I started shaking uncontrollably, not knowing what to fucking do. Abid said that he was going to town with Trex… so what the fuck was he doing back here so soon?!
	My heart thumped so hard, it felt like I was having a seizure and the walls were closing in around me. Like I was suffocating. I didn’t know how I was going to wriggle myself out of this one… There were no fucking excuses I could use to explain myself to him as to why I was at his Boss’s fucking warehouse, when I’d said I was going to the coffee shop.
	This was it. I could feel it… I could sense it.
	This would be the end of the road for me and Abid.
“Going somewhere?” Abid asked bitterly.
“I - erm…” I coughed, hard. It felt like somebody was holding a knife to my neck, and I couldn’t fucking speak anymore. I didn’t even know what to say.
“You better have a good fucking explanation for this,” Abid said quietly. His quiet voice just made it even more terrifying. At this point… I had no fucking idea what was about to happen. I had no fucking idea about what was about to unfold. I didn’t know how he was going to deal with me… How he was going to react, or what he was going to say to me.
The only way to explain myself…
… Would be to tell the truth.
And I was fucking dreading it.
§    TREX    §

I’d came back to the second half of the warehouse, to see Abid and ask him whether he’d found Steve yet. I heard voices coming from the storage room. It sounded like Abid was shouting at someone… A girl.
	I’d never seen a girl in the warehouse before. If she was trespassing… Maybe Abid was dealing with her? I didn’t fucking know.
	When I walked into the storage room, I saw a girl with her back turned wearing a tiny, skimpy outfit, and Abid was staring at her with his arms folded. His eyes were bloodshot. I’d never seen him like this before.
	Before I could get an idea of what they were talking about, they both left the room, making their way outside. The only way outside from the storage room would be to the alleyway out back, where the fucking bins were. That was the only place that they could have fucking gone to.
	As soon as they were out of earshot, I followed their lead. I needed to know what was going on. It might have been some personal business… but it became my business when this girl came into this warehouse, when I’d never seen her here before. She was behaving shadily, and Abid was so pissed off. We were like brothers, and we told each other everything. So why the fuck had he never told me about this random chick here?!

§    ABID    §

Aliyah followed me to the alleyway out back. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up. I’d been trying to remain calm and composed. I’d been trying not to kick up a scene in the warehouse. But my patience was wearing thin. I needed answers. I was so angry… So fucking angry. I felt so hurt and betrayed.
	As soon as we got to the alleyway, I punched the wall, screaming until my knuckles were red and bloody. It was her that I wanted to punch, her that I wanted to kick… But I never laid a finger on women, I wasn’t a fucking woman-beater like her ex-husband Asae was. I might have murdered a lot of fucking men in my life… but I could never lay hands on a woman. It’s just how my fucking mother raised me.
Aliyah stared at me with a terrified expression on her face. I didn’t know why she was behaving so scared, like this wasn’t a normal thing for a criminal like me to fucking do. I was a monster… and she seemed to like criminals anyway. First Asae, then me, and now fucking Steve, the kingpin of the whole organization, even more of a monster than I was. She knew what she was signing up for, the minute she started fucking me.
	I turned around to face her, hardly able to look her in the eye. My knuckles were swollen, but I didn’t fucking care. I was fucking fuming, and I couldn’t hold back the rage inside me anymore.
“Care to explain why I just saw Steve about to fucking ram his tongue down your throat?!” I roared. “You've been cheating on me with Steve this whole time?! You said you loved me! I can't believe you even lied about where you work. You were working for Steve right under my nose, there’s no other fucking reason that you’d be here!”
“Abid I - I can explain!” she said, terrified. “I would never cheat on you, I love you!”
	I burst into laughter. Wow. The audacity of this bitch. Now she wanted to throw the I love you card at me… Even after I’d just caught her red-handed.
“You don't know what love is!” I bellowed.
“I love you, Abid!” she cried. “I wasn't cheating on you! I didn't do anything with Steve, I swear!”
“Well it sure as hell looked like it!” I yelled.
Aliyah broke into fresh sobs. “Look Abid, if you want the truth, you're not gonna like this…” She took a deep breath in, like she was hesitant to speak.
“But I can't bear lying to you. If you want to leave me after I tell you the truth, then I wouldn't blame you. Just know I never wanted to harm you in any way, what we had was real.” She broke off her sentence, sniffing and wiping her eyes, her chest heaving upwards and downwards.
“You're scaring me now,” I shouted angrily. 
What the fuck was she talking about, the truth?! Why was she talking like I was going to kill her for what she was about to tell me? I didn’t know what to think or feel anymore. My mind was in a state of shock. I was praying that this was just a fucking nightmare and that I’d wake up… But I knew it wasn’t.
“What the fuck are you hiding, Aliyah?!” I screamed.
“I'm a secret agent…” she whispered.
	As she said these words… My blood ran cold.
	It felt like my heart had stopped beating. 
 	It felt like the world stopped rotating around me. 
Like I was drifting in and out of unconsciousness.
Like I was trapped in an endless spiral, and I couldn’t get out of it…
“I took the job to clean Steve's money so that I could put him in jail,” she murmured. “My boss sent me here on a task to collect evidence. This could be my lucky break at work. I've worked for so many years trying to pin down Steve's cartel, and now I'm so close to nailing it.” She drew in a deep breath. I couldn’t get any words out. It felt like her face was blurring out in front of me. Like someone had torn my world apart.
Everything that I was looking forward to. 
The future that I saw with this woman.
It was all gone.
Like it was being robbed from me.
“I didn't know that you were a part of Steve's cartel until the day you saved me in the bar…” Aliyah went on, a timid expression on her face. “I didn't even know my husband was part of the Surenos. It was when you mentioned that Steve sent you that I started to investigate.” She broke into fresh sobs.  “Abid, I promise, I never wanted to hurt you. I can get in big trouble just by telling you I'm a secret agent. I can go to jail myself.”
	She took a deep breath in… And now, I couldn’t stop my anger from boiling to the surface. I started screaming. I screamed and I screamed and I screamed… so loud, to the point my throat went dry. But she didn’t look afraid of me anymore… All she could do was sob.
“THIS WHOLE TIME, I WAS DATING A FUCKING COPPER?!” I roared. “I can't believe I didn't realise sooner! 
“No wonder you were always being so damn secretive! 
“Why did you have to come into my life and get me attached?! 
“I fucking loved you, Aliyah, and you played me for a fucking fool!
“It wasn't me that was bad for you, you were bad for me!”
	I screamed again, punching the wall so hard, I could hear one of my bones snap.
“Steve is my right-hand man!” I bellowed. “He's done so much for me! And you want me to betray him to be with you?!” I punched the wall again, repeatedly, screaming and screaming.
“I ought to put a bullet in your skull right now for this bullshit!” I roared, and drew my gun out of my pocket, holding it against her head, my hand trembling.
I was about to shoot the only woman that I’d ever loved.
She screamed, her chest heaving upwards and downwards, as her life flashed before her eyes. “No, no, don't shoot me Abid, please!” she sobbed, terrified. “I kept your name out of it, if you turn in Steve, we can be together!”
I screamed again, not knowing what to fucking do. I held the gun firmly against her head, still shaking. Even if she kept my name out of it… she’d betrayed me. She’d betrayed me in the worst fucking way possible, and I knew that I could never forgive her for this.
I was damned if I do, damned if I don’t. If I shot her, I would spend my whole life living with the regret and torture, replaying it to myself in my head over and over again, and I would never be able to move on from her. The only woman I’d ever had romantic feelings for…
But if I didn’t shoot her, she would walk free. She would probably turn in Steve’s criminal organization, and the man who taught me everything I knew, the man who taught me the game… He would be rotting behind bars. She’d move on with her life… But I’d never be able to move on with mine.
	“FUCKKKKK!” I screamed. “GET OUT OF MY SIGHT! FUCKKKKKK!”
Aliyah broke into fresh sobs…
And then suddenly, she stopped sobbing.
She fell into my arms, clutching my face. Her t-shirt was drenched with blood, from the bullet in her chest where she’d just been shot.
And as I slowly moved my eyes upwards to see who did it…
I saw Trex standing there, with a gun in his hands, and a bitter expression written all over his face.
	“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”

CHAPTER 7
MEANS TO AN END

§    LOUIS    §

I walked into the living room, to see Mum standing there, with her arms folded, and a pissed off expression on her face. I scratched my arm awkwardly, not knowing why she looked so angry.
“Mum, what's wrong?” I asked awkwardly.
“Where have you been?!” Mum shouted. “The headteacher rang me and told me you'd bunked off AGAIN!”
“Oh Mum...” I sighed. I was getting tired of her having a rant over everything. It was getting agitating, and I couldn’t be arsed with it.
“Where have you fucking been?!” Mum demanded. “It's nine o'clock. You bunked off from school in the morning! Where did you go?”
	The truth was… I’d been to see Ellie. Mum couldn’t know that, though. I didn’t want her getting involved. 
“I went for a walk, to take my mind off things,” I muttered.
“A walk?” Mum questioned, repulsed. “For ten hours?! I don't think so.” She took a deep breath in. “Louis, you were in a fight at school last week. Don't tell me you're in the hands of a street gang…”
	She broke off her sentence, a tear sliding down her cheek.
	“No!” I denied, even though I knew that was exactly what I was doing. “No Mum, I promise it's nothing like that. I'm really sorry about the fight, I just lost my temper. I promise it won't happen again.”
“I do worry about you sometimes Louis, I really do...” Mum sighed.
“Don't worry about me, Mum,” I reassured her, and a pang of guilt stabbed through my chest. I was lying to my mother’s face, when I knew that I’d been hitting robberies with Likkle T, Chase and Swoop.
“Come on, I'll make us tea today,” said Mum, smiling at me.
I took a deep breath in, feeling fucking awful. Eventually, I smiled back.

***

It was time for another day of school.
	I walked into the playground, ready to make my way to my classroom. I couldn’t be arsed with school, with how shit I’d been feeling lately, but I knew that if I bunked off, the school would just ring home, and make Mum worry even more about me than she already did.
	As I walked past the football field, two girls started squaring up to me on either side of me.
“Shame Keelan didn't break his fucking nose, little cunt deserved it,” one of them spat bitterly.
“Keelan doesn't need idiots like Louis in his life,” said the other, and both of them burst out laughing, linking arms as they walked off together.
	I balled my hand into a fist, shaking with rage. I didn't even bother to respond. Was Keelan really going to get girls to fight his battles? What happened to putting our differences aside?
Who did this son-of-a-bitch think he was? He got a few skets giving him attention, and suddenly thought that he was better than me. At least I didn't degrade myself or lose respect for myself for the sake of impressing girls.
	I rolled my eyes, pissed off, and continued to make my way to class.

***

Keelan had left me incredibly pissed off for the rest of the day. I couldn't be bothered to pay attention in lesson, and then I had to face another lecture from the headteacher from bunking off and how I was lucky I wasn't excluded. I just didn't care anymore.
As the bell for the end of school time finally went, I walked out of the school gates. I wondered whether to go home yet or not. I still felt that Steve owed me an explanation. I daren't go to his house again, though.
I decided to just go to town, and treat myself with takeaway to help myself feel better. As I walked, a girl from my class approached me from behind. Her name was Hetty.
“Hey Louis!” she exclaimed.
I rolled my eyes. I really couldn't be arsed with another thirsty girl talking to me.
“Hey,” I responded dryly, shrugging.
“How are you doing after the fight you had with Keelan?” she asked, with her hands on her hips. “Is your nose alright?”
“My nose is fine, thanks,” I retorted bitterly.
“Good!” she exclaimed. “You totally showed Keelan who's boss.”
“I guess I did,” I replied, wanting this conversation to be over, because I just wanted to be alone right now.
She scratched her arm awkwardly, not saying anything. She seemed to be getting the hint that I didn't want to talk to her, through my blunt responses.
“Well I'll see you at school, I guess,” she said awkwardly. “Was nice talking to you.”
	She walked away, looking disappointed, and I rolled my eyes again. “Finally,” I said to myself, sighing, and carried on walking.

***

I continued to walk, until I heard the faint sound of a car playing a song by Mist, Ain't The Same. I couldn't help but to turn around - I loved this song. To my sheer shock, I saw that it was Steve’s car.
	I didn’t want to see him. I swiftly turned back around and walked faster, picking up my pace.
	“Louis!” Steve shouted. I ignored him and began to run.
	“LOUIS!” Steve repeated, speeding up the car to catch up with me. “I just want to talk.”
	I ignored him again, and he sighed, agitated. I ran away from him again, but he sped up and caught up with me again.
“Louis, I just want to talk!” he sighed.
It took me a while to realise that no matter how much I ran, he wasn't going to go away. I stopped to catch my breath.
	“Fine,” I said flatly. “What is it?”
“Get in the car,” Steve ordered.
“No,” I retorted. “If you want to say something to me say it out in the open.” I rolled my eyes.
“Just get in the bloody car!” Steve shouted.
“Fine!” I said, crossing my arms huffily. I got in and sat down, turning my face away from him.
There was a long silence between us. I tapped my shoe against the seat impatiently. 
“I wanna make it up to you,” Steve said finally. “It wasn't fair how I hit you yesterday. It wasn't fair how I didn't give you an explanation. I'm your stepdad and I want the best for you.”
I sighed, taking deep breaths in and out. How could I not give Steve a chance? I’d known him my entire life and I knew I wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't forgive him. What Steve did was unforgivable, but I was no better than him. I treated girls like shit, I’d robbed an old lady, and I’d robbed houses with those guys from school. 
But I’d grown up without a father. If I cut ties with Steve… my mother would be all I had left. And I needed a father figure in my life. A man who guided me, and told me what to do, and how to push through life as I grew older. As much as I hated Steve’s lifestyle… I had to try and forget about what I’d seen. He’d said so himself that I was too young, and he didn’t want me getting involved. So it wasn’t like I was becoming part of the Mafia, or selling drugs. I just wanted to fix things with my stepfather… Was that so wrong of me?
I looked up and swallowed. “Okay,” I said finally.
He smiled, ruffling my hair. “Thanks for giving me another chance. Where were you off to just now?
“Oh, nothing important,” I shrugged. “I was just going to the chippy.”
“How about we both go to the chippy,” he smiled. “My treat.”
	I grinned. “Thanks Steve.”
	Our moment was interrupted as my phone began to beep. I took it out of my pocket, holding it out in front of my face. Mum was texting me.
“You better tell your mum where you are or she'll be going frantic,” said Steve, exhausted. “You know what she's like.”
“I guess so,” I replied. I sent Mum a quick text, telling her that I was with Steve, so I’d be coming home late.
“That's better,” Steve smiled. He reached for the aux cord and changed the song to MoStack's Let It Ring.
	“Absolute banger!” I shouted happily, bopping my head to the music. “So gassed!”
	Steve laughed as we both jammed to the music together, and he began driving to the chippy.

§    ABID    §

I stood in the middle of the shipment room, shaking. I still couldn’t comprehend Aliyah’s death. She bled out in my arms, telling me that she loved me… And I just had to get the fuck outta there before my heart could break even more than it already had.
	She really did love me. She was prepared to let me walk free from a life in prison out of her love for me. And it was screwing with my mind to the point of no return. I couldn’t stop replaying the moment in my head. Her blood draining away from her face, her face going white. And I knew I’d never be able to move on from this.
	Everywhere I went, I saw her face in the crowd. Creeping up behind me, or from a distance. And whenever I followed that feeling, I always ended up seeing nothing. Nobody was there. She wasn’t here. I couldn’t come to terms with the fact that she was fucking dead.
	I’d had nightmares, I’d rocked myself to sleep one too many times. Crying and screaming, kicking and shouting, just wishing that she could be back here with me. I could barely live without her. It felt like the energy had been sucked out of my soul, and all that was left… was darkness. Any love and emotion that I once had was gone. Any glimmer of me having feelings in my criminal lifestyle. It was all fucking gone.
	It died with Aliyah when she left me here without her.
I missed her so fucking much. I just hoped that she was in a better place. That she was in heaven… She was a good person. She didn’t fucking deserve to die. Even if she betrayed me, she’d lived a good life. A life putting scum like me behind bars. Scum like me who murdered people, sold people drugs which they overdosed on and died. Destroyed people’s lives when they owed the Mafia debts. But it was all I knew. I’d been conditioned into a life like this from when I was a little boy. It’s not like I chose this way of life. This way of life fucking chose me.
Rest in peace Aliyah… my fucking angel. My queen.
	I sighed, taking my eyes off from the floor. I needed to get my head back into the fucking game, before my own ass was on the line. It felt like I was a dead man walking. It felt like my life had no purpose left in it.
	It felt like I was better off dead. 
	Like being dead would be the only way to end the pain and suffering that I was experiencing right now.
	A tear slid down my cheek. Every day, it felt like my heart was being ripped out of my chest, and somebody was beating it, like it was exploding. I took a deep breath in, as I shifted the boxes to the side, checking that the amount of product was right in each box.
	As I did this, Trex walked into the room. I shook my fists angrily, fucking raging. I could never forgive Trex for what he did. For killing the one woman who meant the world to me. This was all his fucking fault… He was supposed to be my fucking brother. We looked out for each other through everything… but he tore me apart by killing Aliyah. I wanted to fucking kill Trex myself, but I didn’t have the guts. The same way I didn’t have the guts to kill Aliyah, because I still wanted to make things work with her, even after finding out she was a fucking double-spy.
“You can't ignore me forever, bro,” Trex sighed, folding his arms.
“Oh, can't I?!” I roared. “You killed my fucking girlfriend, Trex! We're supposed to be brothers!”
“She was going to send Steve to prison, you dumb little bastard!” Trex screamed. “And you were too pussy to kill her yourself! I had to step in!”
“I fucking loved her, Trex!” I bellowed. “She meant so much to me and you took her away from me!”
“You'll find another bitch to sleep with, stop crying for God's sake,” Trex spat bitterly, rolling his eyes at me.
“It was more than just sleeping together!” I shouted. “She was special!”
“Special or not, she was a goddamn spy, Abid!” Trex accused. “Are you forgetting the goddamn code?! Steve made it clear there's no room for snakes on our team!” He shook his fists angrily. “If you sided with her and ratted out Steve, you would've ended up like Bilal too! Don't forget the fucking favour I'm doing for you by not telling Steve that your girlfriend was a goddamn cop!”
I took a deep breath in, my face falling. It felt like I was going to break down.
“Never forget how much Steve did for us, Abid!” Trex roared. “He took us off the goddamn streets! He taught us how to hussle! He brought us where we are today, we're at these positions in the goddamn Mafia because of Steve! And you were going to turn your back on him over a bitch you knew for a few weeks?!”
	Tears slid down my cheeks. I was so fucking angry… So fucking hurt. I started punching the wall again. It felt like I was going crazy.
“It just hurts so much, bro...” I cried, breaking off my sentence. My throat went dry, as the flashbacks from the night came back to torture my mind again.
“I understand, but you'll get over it man,” Trex sighed, and then screwed his face to a bitter expression. “You need to get your fucking priorities straight!” 
I took my head into my hands, rocking it backwards and forwards as I screamed.
“Don't hit me up until you've realised what's really important here!” Trex roared. “Everyday we put our lives on the line for our boss, we always have bare shit going on with shipments and war with the rival cartels. We don't have time to catch feelings for bitches. They come… and they goddamn go.”
He stormed off angrily, leaving me alone in my shaken, psychotic state. It was easy for him to try and give me advice… but if he were in my shoes for just a second, he would have realized the unimaginable pain that I was experiencing right now.
A pain unthinkable. A pain that I couldn’t just sleep off and get rid of.

§    LOUIS    §

I walked out of the chippy with Steve, devouring the food. Good food always made everything fucking better.
“Where shall we go next?” I asked.
“The movies,” Steve said definitely. I grinned.
We were having such a good time; it was like I'd never seen the things that happened at his house yesterday. It felt good, though. Maybe it was for the best if I decided never to mention it again - me and Steve were just back to normal and I didn't want anything to change that.
We went to watch Fast and Furious at the cinemas. Steve bought us popcorn, and lots of chocolate and crisps to eat while we watched the movie.

***

It was 11 o’clock at night, now. The movie had finished, and me and Steve made our way to the car park.
“Thanks so much for today, Steve,” I thanked him, and then thought that it would be good of me to apologise for everything that I’d seen at his house. “I'm sorry about-“
“Don't you worry about it,” he smiled. “It's in the past now – let's just forget about it.”
	He clicked his keys into his car as I grinned at him, and we took a seat inside it. “Come on, I’ll drop you off home now.”

***

He drove me home, pulling up on the kerb. Mum was waiting at the door, with her arms folded, looking like she was about to kill somebody; she was that mad.
“I'll see you again soon, yeah?” Steve shouted at me, as I nervously made my way back to the house.
“Definitely,” I called back, and then gulped as I saw the expression written all over Mum’s face.
Mum ran up to Steve’s car, blocking him from leaving.
“What the fuck are you doing?!” Steve shouted, and Mum shook her fists with rage. I gulped, as Steve rolled his eyes sarcastically.
“You've been ignoring Louis all this time and you think you can just turn up and play happy families whenever you feel like it?!” Mum screamed. “I won't be having you seeing Louis without my permission.”
“Oh, give it a rest Linda, I've had a lot on my mind,” Steve retorted, and started laughing, like he was shocked that Mum had actually answered back to him.  “I've been really busy and today I've finally had a day off plumbing and I wanted to see my stepson. Is that a problem?”
He rolled his eyes again, looking pissed off himself, the blood flooding to his cheeks.
“Yeah, it is a problem, because he's been upset about you for ages!” Mum snapped, and I took in a deep breath. “He's been crying over you, wondering where you've been, especially on our pizza night, when you just walked out without notice...”
“Shut up Linda,” Steve warned. He was speaking in a low whisper now, that made Mum jolt back in fear. “He likes seeing me and we've had a good day today, and we've made arrangements to see each other again. You can't stop us. I'm sorry about ghosting off for a while but I'm back now and we've both cleared things up. Now stop interfering.”
	Steve’s eyes held Mum’s with a piercing gaze, and Mum looked terrified, her face going pale. She took a few deep breaths in and out, before swallowing, and sighing.
“Fine,” Mum said, shaking her head, accepting defeat. “But if you disappoint my son again, or upset him, best believe this is the last you're hearing from him.”
“Alright boss,” Steve replied coldly. 
Mum sighed.
“Now are you gonna let me leave or what?” he spat bitterly, winding his window back up to stop Mum from pestering him more.
	As he drove away, I shifted about uncomfortably on my spot, and I could hear Mum cough up a sob.

§    ELLIE    §

I stood in my bedroom shakily, with a gun in my hands. I was trembling with fear. I was terrified for what was about to come.
But the truth was… I was weak. I was timid. I didn’t know how to defend myself. And I was just so fucking miserable. I didn’t see things getting better for me in my dark, shit life. 
Maybe this would be the only way for all of my problems to go away...
	I drew a deep breath in. In and out. In and out.
I was tired of my life. I was tired of my mental health playing tricks on me. I was tired of my depression. I was tired of my inner demons always telling me that I was worthless. Telling me that I was good for nothing. Telling me that I was never going to be anything in life. That I was never going to be happy. I was never going to achieve success. I was never going to grow up to be the woman that I wanted to be.
I was tired of my parents treating me like I was nothing. Every day, I suffered from emotional abuse at the mercy of them. The way they tortured me with their words. Made me feel like everything bad that happened to this family was my fault. Made me feel like if I’d never been born, this world would be a better place, and I wouldn’t be causing them any problems.
I was tired of feeling lonely and having no friends. I was tired of other girls looking down at me, and laughing at me. Calling me a slut when my skirt was too short. Calling me a bitch when their boyfriend tried to ask me for my number… when they shouldn’t be with a man that flirts with other women in the first place. Disliking me, and jesting me, even when I kept my mouth shut and tried my best to mind my own business. I was tired of men pretending to be nice to me and putting up a front, just to later try and get me in my pants. I was tired of men thinking that I was an easy fuck, that I was a trashy whore, that I had no self-respect.
And this rape situation didn't make it any easier for me. Every detail of what that sick bastard did to me replayed itself to me like a form of torture. I tried to shut out the pain… but I just couldn’t. Time and time again, I found myself collapsed on my bedroom floor, rocking my head back and forth as I sobbed and screamed, wishing that I’d never been sexually abused.
	I sighed, my body shaking into a frenzy, as the sweat droplets that were beading on my face slowly fell to the ground, drip-dropping on the floor.
I knew that I shouldn't do this...
But I just wanted everything to come to an end.
	I took another deep breath in, my pulse raising through the roof. My heart was hammering so hard against my chest, it felt like it was going to jump out.
	Oh Father, forgive me, for I have sinned.
	I felt terrible about all the girls I’d bullied in my life. I felt terrible about every bad thing that I’d ever done. All the alcohol that I drank, all the parties that I went to, all the boys that I had sex with.
	Forgive me, Lord…
I took a deep breath in.
It was time.
I shakily brought the gun up to my face, tears streaming down my cheeks. I slowly held it against my temple, and my life flashed before my eyes. All of my memories. Everything that I’d been through as I grew up, in my sixteen years of life.
Not-so-sweet fucking sixteen.
“Goodbye, Earth…” I murmured, and before I knew it…
I pulled the trigger, and collapsed onto the floor… dying in my own pool of blood.

CHAPTER 8
THE FUNERAL

§    LOUIS    §

“We will now have a moment of silence for Ellie,” said the priest.
	I was at Ellie’s funeral… with Keelan and Ellie’s mum and dad.
	We were the only people that came.
	It felt so surreal. I didn’t want to believe that this was happening. It was like I was trapped in a nightmare… and I couldn’t wake up. Just thinking about how depressed Ellie was. How miserable she was, to the point that she would take her own life…
	And I blamed myself. I fucking blamed myself. When I’d walked out of her bedroom when me and Keelan went over to her house that day… and I looked back, not wanting to leave her alone. Seeing the state that she was in, collapsed on her floor in a ball, rocking backwards and forwards…
	But I left her there.
	I left her there, and left her house.
	I didn’t turn around and walk back to her bedroom to help her.
	I just kept on walking.
	The photographs that the police had taken of her bedroom from the night she committed suicide kept replaying and replaying themselves in my head, like a form of torture. I couldn’t get over it. I couldn’t comprehend it.
	Her body lying limply in her own pool of blood. There was so much blood… 
	So much blood.
	She’d shot herself through the temple, knocking herself over… Bleeding out for minutes, before her body failed her and gave up on her.
	Her life flashing before her eyes.
	I felt fucking shit about myself. It didn’t matter that I didn’t pull the fucking trigger. I blamed myself for this. This was all my fucking fault…
	And I would never forgive myself for this.

***

The priest said prayers for Ellie, and her body was buried. It was crazy. It didn’t matter what we were in this world… It didn’t matter how many people we tried to impress, how famous we were, or how much money we made. 
	Death was the final destination for everybody.
	Ellie’s mum was sobbing, rocking back and forth over the gravestone. Her father’s face looked blank. He looked so pale, it looked like all of the blood had been drained right out of his face. He was frozen to the spot in shock, his entire body shaking. Keelan was crying silently, clutching the cross on his neck as he prayed for Ellie to be in a better place.
“I can't do this!” Ellie’s mum sobbed, and she ran away from the graveyard, tears streaming down her face. She looked like she hadn’t eaten or slept in days.
I couldn’t imagine what they were going through. I couldn’t imagine what it would be like to lose a daughter… To have to bury your own daughter, when she’d barely lived her life yet.
	Ellie’s dad took deep breaths in and out, like he was trying to stop himself from having a panic attack. I felt so useless and helpless. I wanted to help him, or to do something to try and make him feel better. 
“We're so sorry that you and your wife have to go through this,” I said shakily.
“Ellie meant a lot to me,” Keelan said timidly, his voice shaking. “She was such a strong girl. She'll be in a better place now.”
Ellie’s dad heaved his chest upwards and downwards, finally plucking up the courage to say something. “I feel like absolute shit,” he sighed, trembling. “Me and her mum were too hard on her and expected too much from her. I didn’t even have a chance to make amends with her before she died… and I’ll never fucking forgive myself for the way I treated her. She died too soon…” His voice broke off, as he coughed up a sob. “Now we've lost both of our daughters.”
	“I pray you find peace.” Keelan rocked his head in his hands.
“I had no idea that she was depressed to the point that she would take her own life,” Ellie’s dad cried, and took another deep breath in. “D - do you two lads know anything that might have triggered this incident?”
	The words that her father said just made me despise myself even more… because me and Keelan knew that she’d been sexually abused… and we didn’t tell anybody about it. Not even her fucking parents.
“S - she was raped,” Keelan stammered, shakily.
“W - what?!” Ellie’s dad froze in shock, shaking so hard that he fell to the ground. “WHEN WAS THIS?!” he bellowed, kicking and screaming as he broke down.
“About a week ago…” I mumbled.
“WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED?!” he bellowed.
“She said a creepy old man did it... and then threatened her if she went to the police,” Keelan explained, taking his head in his hands.
“That bastard is gonna pay for what he did to my daughter!” he screamed. “I’m a terrible father… she walked in late that night with blood all over her clothes. And when we asked her about it, she said she fell over… We should’ve tried to find out the truth.” Tears slid down his cheeks and I felt my throat go dry as I watched him cry. I couldn’t bear it.
“It’s no use blaming yourself,” I mumbled. “All you can do is try to avenge her death. If you look through her phone maybe you'll find some clue as to who he is.”
	Ellie’s dad took a deep breath in, trying his best to keep himself together and stay sane. He got up from the floor, drying his eyes with his sleeve, his face puffy. “All of this was happening right under my nose, and I had no idea…” he murmured. “I'm a terrible father.”
	I crossed my arms awkwardly, not knowing what to say that could help him feel better. I thought it would be better off for all of us if I stayed quiet. There was a long silence between us, as Ellie’s father took deep breaths in and out.
“Thanks for your help, guys…” he mumbled, breaking off his sentence as the tears started falling from his eyes again. He turned away from us, walking away sadly, leaving me and Keelan alone in the graveyard.
	I turned to Keelan, taking my head in my hands. “We should've done more to help her, man…” I tried. “Maybe if we'd gone to the police ourselves, we could've saved her. Maybe this wouldn't be happening.”
	Keelan took a deep breath in, continuing to hold the cross of Christ on his necklace. “We can't just blame ourselves for this incident, bro…” he mumbled.
“I can't help but to feel like this is my fault,” I sniffed. “I was horrible to her, I got in a fight with you because I was angry at her. She didn't deserve this man…”
I couldn’t keep my emotions bottled in anymore. The tears started to fall from my eyes, and they wouldn’t stop. “She didn’t deserve to die,” I sobbed.
Another tear fell out of Keelan’s own cheek. He was trying so hard to stay positive. He was so strong… And I didn’t know how he did it. It felt like I’d already reached my own breaking point. I couldn’t take any more misery, any more shit going wrong…
“We've gotta keep moving forward bro, no matter how hard it is,” Keelan said sadly, and then turned away from me, coughing up another sob. He stared at Ellie’s gravestone, and planted a soft kiss on her name engraved in the rock. “Rest in peace, Ellie,” he said, and with those words, he got up, and walked out of the graveyard, leaving me alone.
I continued to stare at Ellie’s grave. I didn't know why this was affecting me so much. Me and Ellie weren't close, or anything. But it was making something snap in me. It was making my blood fucking boil. I was only fourteen… but I was already having dangerous thoughts. I wanted the man who sexually abused her to be tortured, to be killed. Ellie needed to be brought to justice.
My whole life, I’d always been a good boy… but Ellie's death was just hurting me, and pushing me over the brink. I would go to the depths of the Earth to kill that bastard.
It was scaring me what I was becoming. Before recent, my whole life was just revolving around Steve making me happy, and having a good time with my mum. A venomous thought never crossed my fucking mind. But ever since Mum wasn't well in hospital, everything had just been escalating. I got into a fight with my best friend, and I got involved with the wrong guys at school. I robbed an old fucking lady, like a heartless bastard. And when I felt bad about it and tried to console Steve, I realised I'd been living my whole life as a lie. Steve wasn't the saint I thought he was. He wasn't the good man I looked up to as I grew up. He was the kingpin of a drug cartel this whole time, and had been lying to me and Mum our whole lives. It made me wonder whether this goody-two-shoes act was worth it when I just kept on getting hurt by everybody I loved.
Life came at me fast… In the shortest span of time, so much shit had already happened. Shit that would stay with me forever. Change me as a person…
And that change wouldn’t be in a good way.

***

DAYS LATER…

I was the last to jump into the window, and I slowly creeped to the living room of the house, where Swoop, Likkle T and Chase were searching around for goods to steal.
“Wow, this house is flashy as hell!” Swoop said, excited.
“We're gonna be rich after tonight, boys,” Likkle T added.
“Come on,” Chase urged quickly. “Let's grab some stuff before the owners come home.”
	I took a deep breath in… and then joined them, frantically shoving random items into a black bin bag for us to carry out when we ran out of the house.
Since Ellie's funeral, a different side of me came out. I didn't care about the consequences of my actions anymore, and I behaved recklessly. I didn’t even feel guilty about the shit that I was doing now… The shit that I used to beat myself up about, because I felt so fucking bad. This time, there was nothing stopping me. Nothing getting in my way… 
Not even my conscience.
I carried on robbing houses with the guys from school, and I played violent video games on my console.

§    MUM    §

Steve had come over, and he was waiting in my bedroom for me to come and join him. I was furious. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up. It was time to go upstairs to give him a piece of my goddamn mind.
	I shook my fists angrily, pissed off as I stormed into my room. He was standing there in just his boxers, with a smug look on his face, his skull tattoo on his chest exposed in all of its glory. He disgusted me in every goddamn way.
“Come to bed, babe, it's late,” he smirked, rubbing his crotch in anticipation.
“You've got some fucking nerve!” I screamed.
“Here we go again,” he sighed, rolling his eyes. “What are you talking about?” 
“You beat me up for having a guy FRIEND on my phone, yet you're sleeping with another woman behind my back!” I yelled. 
“What makes you think that?” Steve asked, with a bewildered expression on his face. Wow. The audacity of this bastard. He had the balls to lie to my face, when I’d caught him red-handed.
“I saw your fucking phone while you were in the bathroom!” I snapped. His arms folded angrily. He looked like his blood was running cold.
“She said last night was great babe, when can I meet you for round 2?” I went on, furious. I was so sick of him at this point. So sick of him pushing me around, when he was the one who hooked up with other women behind my back.
“So you're going through my fucking things now?!” Steve shouted. He sighed, trying his best to stay calm, and rolled his eyes again. “I haven't slept with anyone, bitches are just obsessed with me and like to cause shit.”
He folded his arms, his eyes bloodshot as he stared at me.
“Don't lie to me!” I roared.
For once… Just once in his damn life. I wanted him to own up. To tell me the truth. To admit to his own goddamn mistakes.
“You're a real bitch, you know that?” Steve spat bitterly. “I've done so much for you out of the goodness of my heart. You'd be out on the streets being a goddamn prostitute if it wasn't for all I'm providing for you and Louis.
And you have the audacity to accuse me of this crap?!” He was yelling now. He took steps towards me, his fists shaking angrily.
“I'm sick of this emotional blackmail!” I cried. I didn’t know what had come over me, but I suddenly felt braver than ever, and I wanted to stand up for myself for once. Even if it meant it backfired… “I don't want your goddamn money if it means I have to stay with someone who cheats on me,” I scolded bitterly. “I know my self-worth and I won't allow myself to be treated like shit anymore.”
I balled my hands into fists. I was so angry… So damn angry.
Steve seemed to find my courage amusing. He burst out laughing, like his life depended on it. He laughed and he laughed and he laughed… Crazy ass bastard. Why did I have such shit luck with men? Steve was a fucking psychopath.
“You're delusional if you think anyone else would want you!” Steve barked. “Other men just want to get into your pants. I'm the only man who would put up with your shit!”
	He screamed, punching the wall behind me as I trembled in fear.
“T - that's funny,” I stammered. “’Cos Matthew doesn't seem to think of me as someone just to sleep with.”
I immediately regretted what I’d just said, knowing I was really in for it now. I’d just baited myself out… I was so stupid. So stupid…
“So you are sleeping with Matthew, aren't you?!” Steve roared. His veins made their way to the surface of his skin. He looked terrifying. I didn’t want a repeat of what happened last time… I couldn’t go through that torture again…
Steve screamed, slapping my face, so hard that my cheek started stinging. I coughed up a sob. I felt so helpless… So damn helpless.
“You slut!” Steve bellowed.
He slapped me again, twice in repeat succession, before kicking me so hard that I fell to the ground. I clutched my belly in pain, wishing he would stop… before he kicked me again, and I suffered with another blow.
I couldn’t take this anymore…
I couldn’t take this endless cycle of abuse and hurt…
“Please, Steve, stop...” I begged. “I can't breathe...”
“Fuck you, slut!” Steve bellowed, and screamed again, kicking me hard as I wailed in pain, my whole body shaking into a frenzy.
“I'm going to ruin your life!” Steve roared. “Mark my goddamn words. Soon, Matthew won't even love you anymore.”
He stormed out of the room, and I heard the door slam as he left the house. I continued to clutch my belly, unable to move.
I needed to get a restraining order against that bastard…

§    KEELAN    §

I walked into my brother Jackson’s room, because I was feeling like shit and I needed somebody to talk to, and help me take my mind off things. After everything that had happened, with Ellie committing suicide, with me and Louis falling out… I could just use somebody close to speak to, like my fucking brother.
	Jackson was stood in the middle of his room, texting somebody on his phone while he bopped to some music in his earphones.
“Hey bro,” I said, shrugging.
“Sup, Keelan?” he asked, taking his earphones out.
“I'm feeling kinda shit man, I was wondering if we could hang out,” I asked awkwardly.
“I'm busy man,” he retorted, rolling his eyes.
I put my finger to my chin in thought as I looked around his room. And that’s when I saw it…
There were stacks and stacks of binbags on the other side of his room, full of flashy stuff. Beats by Dre headphones, iPhone X’s, Apple Watches, Rolex’s, gold chains…
What the fuck? Rolex’s were £20,000 each. Where the fuck did he get all of these goods from, and why was he hiding them in binbags in his room?!
I gulped, as I realised all of this shit was probably stolen. And I felt my blood run cold with fear.
“What the fuck are all those stacks of bags on the other side of your room?!” I roared angrily.
“Just some shit I'm selling,” Jackson shrugged.
“Selling?!” I denied. “There's no way you would be able to afford that much shit in the first place!”
“I didn't actually buy any of that shit,” Jackson remarked, rolling his eyes again. “I did fraud and got loads of money and then spent it all on stuff to sell to avoid getting caught.”
“Fraud?” I repeated blankly. It felt like somebody had punctured me in the chest. My own brother… My own brother was a fucking criminal. 
“I thought you'd know better than this, Jackson!” I yelled. “What if the feds come to the house and see all this shit?! You could end up in prison and me, Mum and Dad will lose everything!”
	Jackson sighed, getting pissed off at me. He folded his arms angrily, his eyes piercing mine. I felt so hopeless. I didn’t know what to fucking do. I didn’t know what I’d do if I lost another person close to me. If Jackson got caught, I’d not only lost Ellie… I would lose my brother, too.
“Relax man,” Jackson shrugged. “I'll have it all sold before it even comes to that.”
“I can't believe you!” I bellowed, balling my hand into a fist.
“Fuck off, you're just a kid!” Jackson spat bitterly. “What would you know?!”
	I took a deep breath in, taken aback. It felt like everybody around me was turning against me, and it was fucking shattering me. I felt so alone and miserable. Even my own flesh and blood didn’t want to be around me.
	I bolted out of Jackson’s room, a tear streaming down my cheek and falling onto the floor.

***

After what happened with Jackson… I ran to the convenience store. I really didn’t want to be alone right now. I was keeping everything inside of me bottled up, and I really needed somebody to talk to, no matter who it was.
	The owner of the convenience store was an Indian man named Raj. I was one of his regular customers; I always went to his shop to buy some snacks before I went to school, so he was quite fond of me and we exchanged some jokes and banter here and there.
	He was the only person left that I could think of who would actually just sit there and listen to me without judging me or making me feel like shit for having feelings. Everybody expects boys not to cry… But that’s fucking bullshit. The mental health of a man matters just as much as a woman’s does.
	I walked into the shop, sighing. Raj was sat there behind the counter, counting the change in his till. He looked up and saw me standing there, and his eyes instantly lit up.
“Keelan!” he exclaimed, with his hands on his hips. “My favourite customer. What can I do for you?”
“Actually, I was wondering if I could talk to you,” I admitted timidly, and he rubbed his chin in thought.
“Of course,” he smiled.
And so I vented out all of my frustration about everything that was going on in my shitstorm of a life.

***

WEEKS LATER

§    LOUIS    §

I made my way to Ellie’s grave, tears streaming down my face. The funeral was weeks ago… Yet I found myself bending down next to her headstone again, trying to gain some closure. Trying to speak to her even though she wasn’t here… Trying to lessen the guilt that I felt for not looking out for her properly.
	I took in a deep breath, and then sighed. It was no use… The tears continued to fall.
“Why did you have to go, Ellie?” I sobbed. “I feel so broken. Nothing is the same. I'm doing stupid shit, and I'm not the nice guy I used to be.” I rocked my head back and forth in my hands. “I just want you to come back. I keep blaming myself for what happened to you. You don't deserve this. You should be here with me and Keelan.”
I screamed out. I cried and screamed, kicking and punching the ground as I yelled. I knew there was a God out there… Even though I wasn’t religious. But why did God have to let this happen?! Why did God let bad things happen to good people?!
My throat went dry as I rocked back and forth, back and forth as I bellowed, and cried out to God. Cried out to him to fix things. Cried out to him to make things right.
“You shouldn't have left this world…” I murmured, tracing the imprint of Ellie’s name on her headstone, as tears streamed down my face. 
I knew that after this tragedy… 
There was no going back. 
I would never be able to go back to being the nice boy that I once was.


CHAPTER 9
FORGIVE ME… FOR I HAVE SINNED

§    LOUIS    §

It had been two years since I'd gone to Steve's house that day, and Ellie had passed away.
Two whole years.
It was my sixteenth birthday.
I didn't really want a fuss or a massive party - I was happy to spend the day with Steve and Mum.
Me and Keelan had sorted things out since our fight, but we weren't as close anymore.
That's a lot of what I had been doing recently - cutting off close ties with people.
I had my stepdad Steve, and Mum, and that was more than enough.

***

I walked into the living room to see Steve there, with Mum, with a birthday cake laid out on the table along with drinks and some other snacks.
“Happy birthday little man!” Steve exclaimed.
“Little?” I denied. “I’m sixteen now.”
	Steve chuckled, and then rustled in his pocket, pulling out an envelope from it. “Look what I got you,” he signaled, with his hands on his hips.
	I took it from him, wondering what it could be if he’d managed to put my present in an envelope. I was hesitant to open it. “Hmm,” I murmured.
“Open it!” Steve demanded, a wide grin spread across his face.
So I did… And as I opened the envelope, my jaw dropped in shock.
The envelope revealed two tickets to a Stormzy concert.
“Steve, you legend!” I yelled. “I'm going to a Stormzy concert!”
Steve smiled, and Mum hugged me. “Come on, let's cut the birthday cake,” she said, smiling.
I followed her to the kitchen, and saw her take a massive knife from a set of nine knives, long, sharp and glistening. Then she took the chocolate cake from the fridge, and we made our way back to the lounge.
I took the knife in my hand and felt a weird feeling of déjà vu when I held it. I felt a massive surge of power flood my body. With this knife in my hand… I felt invincible. I could do anything that I wanted with it.
I quickly shut off my thoughts as Mum started singing, and I snapped back into reality.
“Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday Louis, happy birthday to you!”
I blew the candles and began to cut the cake, as Steve filmed me.
I was sixteen. Sixteen, sixteen, sixteen. I couldn’t believe it.
I devoured the cake and hugged my mum. Suddenly, Steve’s phone began to ring.
He sighed, looking annoyed and irritated. “Let me just answer my phone, Louis. I'll be right back,” he said quickly, and then walked out of the room.
I went on my own phone to check my texts, and lots of people from school had sent me happy birthday messages. I got one text from Keelan asking me if I wanted to hang out tonight, but Steve was meant to be taking me out. I opened Keelan's text to respond and explain why I couldn't chill with him today, until I looked out of the window and saw that Steve's car had gone.
	I took a deep breath in, feeling miserable all of a sudden. He’d killed my mood. He'd left me again. Just like he had when I was fourteen playing Grand Theft Auto and eating pizza. He'd left me without telling me where he'd gone… when he promised he’d be right back.
	Even after all of these years, Steve continued to disappoint me. Even after how many times I countlessly forgave him for all the times he let me down, and for everything I found out about who he really was. I stayed loyal to him, and kept my word to him… But he wouldn’t do the same for me. 
Sudden anger rushed over me. I took deep breaths in and out, trying to get myself together. I couldn't let Steve ruin my birthday… You only turn sixteen once, and I needed to make the most of it.
Let's deffo do something tonight, I texted Keelan. How about we throw a last minute party?
	Mum came over to me, putting her arm around me. “Steve's gone sweetheart, I'm sorry...” She broke off her sentence, sighing.
	I drew in a deep breath, but then shook it off. I tried my best to stay positive. “Don't worry about it Mum,” I smiled. “Keelan's throwing a party for me later. It's fine.”
Mum smiled at me, looking reassured. “Aww, have fun! Don't stay out too late.”
“I'm sixteen now Mum!” I remarked, laughing. “I'm gonna go out now, yeah? I'll text you when I'm coming home.”
	Mum nodded in approval, and I made my way out of the house.

***

I went over to Keelan's house.
"My g!" he exclaimed. "Happy birthday!"
"Safe my g," I replied, spudding him. "Look, my stepdad's done me over. He said he was gonna take me out but he isn't. D'you reckon it's too late to invite everyone for the party?"
"Are you mad?" Keelan replied. "I posted the Facebook status as soon as you texted me. Everyone from school's coming."
"Keelan you're the best man!" I exclaimed. "So we're having the party at your house right? Cos I know my mum will have a go if we have it at hers."
"Yeah, yeah, course man. We'll have banging tunes and we'll order some takeaway." He paused. "I'll see if I can get my brother to get us some drinks as well."
"That's smashing g," I said. "I'm sorry for being a dick recently man, I don't appreciate you enough."
"Don't move moist with me Louis," he laughed. "It's no problem man. We're a team."

***

It was nearly time for the party. Keelan had ordered lots of pizza, chicken and chips. I'd changed into a checked shirt and some really nice jeans, and gelled my hair, putting on some Hugo Boss aftershave. I stared at myself in the bathroom mirror. I actually looked good.
I went downstairs to see Keelan's brother walk in with the drinks. Everything was perfect. I got the speakers and connected my phone's playlist to play Bugzy Malone, Mist, MoStack, Stormzy and J Hus tracks. It was 9 o'clock and people were starting to arrive.
I stood at the front door, welcoming everybody in.
“Happy birthday Louis!” said Jason.
“Thanks Jason!” I exclaimed, and he walked inside.
“Happy birthday my g,” Rocco smiled.
“Thanks Rocco!”
“Happy birthday you absolute legend,” Thomas grinned.
“Thanks Thomas!”
“Happy birthday big man,” said Ruiz.
“Thanks Ruiz,” I replied, laughing.
Everyone wished me happy birthday in turn. Everyone made it to the living room to give me presents. I turned up the music really loud and we all started eating and dancing.
	Everybody was enjoying themselves, letting their hair down, and having a good time. I hadn’t felt so good in years. Having everybody all in a house together, having fun, laughing and giggling, gossiping about shit, some kissing, some drinking, and some dancing.
	It felt good. For the first time after years…
	I felt truly happy.

***

By now, I was on my 5th shot of my vodka and cranberry drink, and I felt so fucking waved. The next song came on, Rain by Aitch and AJ Tracey, and I bopped my head to the beat.
	As I looked around the room, I saw a girl with wild bright red hair, bright blue eyes, who was wearing a bralette paired with black leggings and sneakers. She dressed casually, but she was still effortlessly sexy. She was staring right at me, biting her lip and teasing me with her cleavage.
	It was Maddy, a really pretty girl, who was from my science class. She was one of the few girls in our school who wasn't actually a sket, and didn’t try to fuck every man that breathes, or steal other girls’ boyfriends. Me and her had good banter at school. She was really nice – she was probably the only girl I could actually stand talking to without getting bored.
	I stared back at her, eyeing her body up and down, and she scratched her arm, blushing. It was cute how she was getting all shy. I saved her from having to come over to me, because she already looked worked up enough just by looking at me. I walked over… but my walk was more like a strut, because of the amount of alcohol I had to drink. She smiled at me, scratching her arm as she bit her lip and held her gaze with mine.
“You alright?” I smiled.
“Yeah I'm fab,” she said sheepishly, and then coughed.  “You look so good, by the way.”
	I chuckled. She was fucking adorable. “Thank you!” I replied, with my hands on my hips. “You look gorgeous!”
	She blushed. “Really?”
	“Yes, really,” I grinned. “I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t mean it.”
	She blushed again, her cheeks going as red as her hair was.  “Thank you!”
“Can I get you a drink?” I offered, smiling.
“Yeah, one wouldn't hurt,” she confirmed.
	I took two cans from the table, and the alcohol was giving me the confidence boost that I needed. I took her hand in mine and she blushed again.
“Let's go to the garden,” I whispered against her ear, and she nodded, scratching her neck sheepishly.

***

It was only half an hour into the party and me and Maddy were just in the garden, lying against a tree, kissing.
"You're so beautiful," I murmured. "So so beautiful."
She kept giggling. I slipped my arms around her waist, and then my phone started to ring.
“You should get that,” she murmured against my mouth.
“It can wait,” I moaned, kissing her harder and grabbing her ass.
"Oh why does it have to ring now?" It wouldn't stop. "Stop will you, goddammit!"
Maddy drew away from me as I reached for my phone. "Who is it?" she asked.
I looked at the screen to see that it was Steve. I couldn't be arsed with his bullshit right now, all his "sorry"'s, and "I'll make it up to you"'s. I clicked reject on the call and turned back to Maddy.
"Nobody important," I smiled, leaning back to her face again. She giggled, but then I felt a hand on my shoulder.
I turned around to see Steve, who was towering behind me in a dark blue hoodie and ripped jeans. "What are you doing here?" I snapped.
"You didn't answer my calls," Steve remarked. "You're coming with me now."
"It's my birthday," I shouted. "I'm not going anywhere."
"Stop making a fuss and come with me," Steve said calmly.
I sighed, long and hard, fucking angry that he’d interrupted me in the middle of me kissing a girl that I actually liked. Steve rolled his eyes. 
"Fine," I muttered. I turned to Maddy. "I'm really sorry, Mads. I'll speak to you soon, yeah?"
"It's fine," she smiled, rubbing her arm awkwardly. "Definitely."
I gave her a peck on the cheek and she gave me one on my cheek in return, and Steve made a retching sound behind me. Immature bastard, after the amount of times I’d walked in on him and Mum making out.
I followed Steve out of the garden and to his car. He shoved me inside and shut the door, hard.
"What is it?" I said loudly, agitated with Steve at this point. He just wouldn’t let me fucking live my life.
"There's a yute who's found out about my business," Steve said quietly, his tone dropping down to barely a whisper. "He saw everything that was going on in my house.” Steve took a deep breath in. “Everything,” he repeated.
"Why's that my problem?" I asked bitterly, suddenly even more pissed off than I already was. Me and Steve had moved past talking about the Mafia and his criminal organisation. So why the fuck was he bringing it up now all of a sudden, when it had been two whole years that we’d gone without saying a word about it?! 
“I thought you didn't want to involve me in your problems?” I snapped. “Thought I was too young? Cos that’s what you said, remember.” I folded my arms angrily, suddenly wondering why I even bothered with this pathetic excuse of a man.
"You were too young," Steve replied, rolling his eyes. “But that’s not the point. I haven’t got time to fucking argue with you.” He took another deep breath in, and I furrowed my eyebrows, confused. What the hell did he want from me?!
“If you don’t want to argue…” I began. “Then why have you dragged me here?” I crossed my arms awkwardly, a timid expression on my face. I could feel my heart thumping against my chest… because I just knew that what I was about to hear wasn’t going to be fucking pleasant.
“Listen, I need this yute taken care of,” Steve murmured.
"How do you mean?" I asked uncertainly, my heart throbbing so hard now that it felt like it was about to jump out of my body.
Steve leaned over towards my ear. "Kill him," he whispered. "I want that yute dead. Dead, do you hear me?"
"Kill him?" I repeated, gulping. I didn’t know what to say. I could feel my blood run cold. It felt like my heart had stopped beating. 
Steve hadn’t meant what he said when he said he was going to keep me out of his organisation. Keep me away from the Mafia. He was just waiting for me to get a little older, so that he could groom me into living his lifestyle… and the thought of it fucking terrified me. That he’d planned this whole thing. He’d been waiting for the right moment for me to step up, and I felt sick to my stomach. He wanted me to kill somebody… because I wasn’t a kid anymore. I needed to get out of here, fast. Fast, before Steve said another word. Sure, I might have done some fucked up things in my time. Robberies, and fights…
But I’d never killed anyone.
And that was something that I never intended doing, either.
“I'm not killing anyone,” I mumbled. “I'm staying out of this. Do this yourself.” I quickly reached for the handle to the car door, rattling it, but it jammed in place. It felt like I was suffocating. Like the walls were closing in on me…
And I was trapped with a monster.
Steve grabbed my arm and shoved me back into place. "You are to kill that boy," he repeated. "You owe this to me Louis. After everything I've done for you, every battle I've fought for you. All the help I've given to your mum, all the presents I've given you."
"Blackmailing me now are you?" I retorted bitterly.
"If you don't kill this boy," Steve said, "I will make sure you and your mum suffer the consequences."
"Don't you dare do anything to Mum!" I shouted, spitting on his face. The thought of him laying his hands on her was enough to make my blood boil to the point it almost dried up. I had to protect my Mum… "Don't you dare!"
"You're going to have to listen to me then, aren't you Louis?" said Steve.
I took deep breaths in and out.
Deep breath in.
Deep breath out…
Deep breath in.
Deep breath out…
Deep breath in.
Deep breath out…
It felt like I was having a panic attack, and life was suddenly hitting me at 180 miles per hour. Life was coming at me too fucking fast. I wasn’t prepared to do something as ungodly as this. I wasn’t prepared to kill somebody… If I did, I would be robbing that person of their life.
Only God can give and take life.
I would be robbing his mother and father of a son. 
Just like Ellie’s mother and father were robbed of a daughter.
I would be robbing his friends of somebody they could always count and rely on.
Oh heavenly Father, forgive me… For I have sinned.
I knew I didn't have a choice. 
I also knew that what I was going to do was terrible.
The lesser of two evils, right?
I was destroying another family… in order to save my own.
Forgive me, Father.
It was time.
When the clock strikes one.
In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
 "F - fine," I stammered, sweat beading on my forehead, and dripping down my face, pit-pattering into tiny droplets on the floor. It felt like time had stopped, and the world had stopped rotating around me. "What do I have to do?"
Steve began to give me all of the details of the boy… He was wearing a navy shirt, black jeans and a silver hip-hop chain. He had blonde hair, white skin and light stubble on his face. 
And it was then that I realised… This boy was at the party right now.


CHAPTER 10
BAD DEEDS

§    LOUIS    §

“Don't let me down," Steve called from the car as I got out. 
I made my way back into the house. My pulse was raising through the roof. My whole body felt like it was on fire with nerves. I couldn’t comprehend what I was about to do. I couldn’t believe I was going to kill somebody. But I knew that Steve was a dangerous man. A crime boss… And the last thing I wanted to do was get on the wrong side of him. To cross him.
Because if I did, I would be six feet under just like Ellie was.
I walked into the kitchen, my arms and legs shaking as the sweat flooded my body. I slowly took my gaze off from the floor to look around at who was in the kitchen… and I saw Keelan on the bench-top, lip-locked with a girl.
Not just any girl…
He had his tongue rammed down Maddy’s throat.
They looked like they were fucking eating each other, and I felt sick. I felt sick to my stomach that this was the girl I’d just kissed for nearly an hour earlier… And now she was doing the same to my best friend.
Let’s just say my birthday had been ruined in more ways than one. 
As she saw me walk in, she jolted backwards.
"Louis!" she cried out. “I... I think I've had too much to drink.” She drew in a deep breath. “I didn't mean to kiss Keelan, I really didn't.”
"Oh just fuck off," I spat bitterly. "I thought you were different and you're just a sket like the others."
I felt harsh for calling her a sket, when she wasn’t one. She didn’t owe me anything. We weren’t together as a couple, we were just two people who vibed together at school. At the end of the day, she didn’t owe me anything.
Maddy started crying. I was past caring at this point. The damage was already done, so I didn’t bother to apologise. I was under enough pressure already… trying to keep it together before I had to kill somebody. I had to try and stop myself from having a fucking panic attack. It felt like I was hallucinating, and the walls were closing in on me. Like I was in a bad dream… and I couldn’t wake up. There was darkness everywhere I went.
Keelan got up from the tabletop, staring at me awkwardly. "I'm sorry bro,” he said, taking his head in his hands. “I had no fucking clue that you both had a thing going on. If I’d have known, I wouldn’t have kissed her. I feel like shit, I don’t want us to fall out, man…” Keelan took a deep breath in. “Our friendship is worth too much than to throw it away over a girl. I promise, I won’t go near her again.”
"It doesn't matter bro," I replied quickly, trying my best to sound reassuring. “You can do what you like. I don’t care about her. We’re still good.”
Keelan smiled, relieved. He narrowed his eyes at me, rubbing his chin in thought. “Hey Louis?”
“Yeah?” I responded, my chest heaving upwards and downwards.
“You look ill, bro. You’ve gone so pale…” said Keelan, concerned. “Are you okay? Do you want me to get my brother to take you home?”
“I – I’m fine, bro,” I stammered. “I’ve just had too much to drink, and I’m feeling a bit sick.”
Keelan continued to stare at me, crossing his arms unimpressed, but then he decided to just let it go. “Understood, bro,” he shrugged. “I’ll be outside if you need me. I’m not going anywhere anytime soon.”
“Thanks bro,” I said quickly, and he smiled at me, before walking out of the room.
 I didn't want to fall out with Keelan. I didn't care for Maddy. I just had to kill this guy for Steve.
But this guy wasn't any guy. This guy was Thomas. I'd known him since primary school, and although we didn't speak as much as we used to, he was still my friend. I'd never be able to live with myself.
Thomas was one of the only guys who stood up for me, back in primary school. I was only 7 years old… All of the kids in the class were white, while I was the only mixed race kid, half black and half white. Everybody picked on me and made fun of me, calling me racist names, but Thomas stood by me, trying to stop the other kids from being ignorant. He was the only friend I had back then. He made me feel appreciated, out of the many people that didn’t.
And this was what I was going to do to him. All because of my bastard of a stepfather. And I hated Steve for making me do this. I’d never be able to move on with my life… It was hard enough losing Ellie, when she wasn’t even my friend. Imagine how I would feel, knowing that I’d killed my own friend?
The moment would replay itself to me over and over in all the years to come, like a form of torture. I’d get nightmares, and feel endless paranoia. I’d always be fucking miserable.
I needed to get this over-with, instead of prolonging it and making myself feel even worse than I already did. I took a deep breath in, and a deep breath out. I needed to get my head straight.
I slowly got a knife out of the drawers and hid it underneath my jacket. I tried to look everywhere for Thomas. I walked into the main room of the house, where everybody was still busy dancing and listening to the music. I checked upstairs… but poor Keelan would be in for a shock when he found out that people were using the bedrooms in his house to have sex and make out. I quickly ran back downstairs, and went outside, because that was the only place left that Thomas could be. I knew he hadn’t left the party yet, because I hadn’t seen him leave… 
And then I saw him, slumped against the same tree that I was smooching Maddy on earlier. He looked miserable, and he was drinking beer on his own. I guess none of his friends came to the party, and this just made the guilt eat me up inside even more. He’d only come for me… Being the good friend that he was.
I couldn't do this out in the open. "Yo Thomas," I smiled, waving at him as I strolled over, and then spudded him. "How you doing bro?"
He looked ecstatic that I’d come over to talk to him, because he looked pretty fucking lonely before. I could feel my heart throbbing, my emotions overwhelming me. 
"I'm good thanks, been ages since I've spoken to you properly man," he grinned. "What you getting up to these days fam?"
"Just the usual," I said vaguely. I didn’t want to prolong the conversation with him, because it would mean that the guilt would eat me up, and I would back out of killing him… And then be in for a shit-storm with Steve. "Do you fancy coming upstairs away from the music where we can talk and catch up properly bro? It's bare cold outside as well."
"Yeah no worries man," he replied, and we made our way inside. I gulped, unable to process what I was about to do.
We made our way upstairs and into an empty room, where there was nobody having sex, thank fuck.
"So how's things with your mum and stuff?" Thomas asked, intrigued.
"She's good man, surviving well without dad," I said. He was making such an effort with me… but I needed to get this over with.
"Ah," Thomas said in response. "That's good man. How's school going though? How you coping with GCSE stress?"
"I don't revise to be honest with you bro," I said. "It's just too much effort."
He laughed. "Yeah man, I understand. Same here to be honest. Can't wait for high school to get out the way man. Looking to go sports college next year."
"Smashed it g," I said, but I was going paler and paler.
There was a long silence between us. I folded my arms; the sweat on my forehead was probably enough to fill a swimming pool right now. Thomas coughed awkwardly.
"So..." said Thomas, breaking the silence. "How's your stepdad?" A smirk fell on his lips.
"Which stepdad?" I asked nervously. I immediately felt fucking stupid… because I only had one step-dad. But I wasn’t even thinking before speaking anymore. I was just so damn nervous.
"You know, the one you saw as a father figure... even though he lives in the dodgiest estate around and sells crack… and has prostitutes living in his house..."
I threw my jacket to the floor, kicked Thomas to the ground and got the knife out in full focus. I’d wasted enough time. "I'm sorry, Thomas."
"What the fuck!" he shouted. "Louis, what are you doing?"
I clapped my hand over his mouth, holding the knife against his neck. "I'm sorry," I repeated, but my eyes were bloodshot and watering. I started sweating everywhere.
I swallowed long and hard, finding it increasingly difficult to block Thomas' muffled noises from below my hand. I needed to get this over and done with.
I couldn't believe I was betraying Thomas. The very boy I grew up with, who I'd spent my childhood with. Our memories wouldn’t stop flashing in my head, it was such bad fucking timing. I began to raise the knife from my hand into the air, ready to push it into him with full force. The quicker I did this, the quicker I could get the fuck out of here. My patience was wearing too thin.
Just as I was about to lower it to his body, I heard the door creek. I felt a flood of paranoia wash over my body as I froze to the spot. If there were any witnesses… I’d be in big trouble. I’d probably have to kill the person at the door too…
I started to panic, because this wasn’t how I had been expecting things to play out. I wanted this to be quick and painless… Somebody standing at the door made things ten times more fucking complicated.
 I slowly, slowly steered my head to the left, to look behind me to see if anybody was there… But before I could, Thomas was able to wriggle free from my grasp. He doubled over and threw me to the floor, snatching the knife from my hands and clambering on top of me.
Everything was falling apart. I’d failed miserably. This was going to backfire on me…
And now, I would be a dead man.
"I thought we were mates, Louis," he said softly. His tone was like poison to my ears. "A mate that wants to kill me just because I dissed his bastard of a stepdad?" He got up slowly, standing up properly, and kicked me hard in the abdomen, four times in repeat succession.
"Please stop!" I cried. "Please." The pain was overwhelming. I could barely breathe.
	“But if you were my friend, you wouldn’t even think to double-cross me,” he said bitterly, his chest heaving upwards and downwards.
	I was in agony. He punched me and kicked me, kicked me and punched me, punched me and kicked me… Until I was blue in the face. And then he kept speaking to me while he did it, reminding me of what I’d done to him, reminding me of what I’d planned. I couldn’t take it. I couldn’t bear it…
	Oh Father, forgive me… For I have sinned.
“I can’t believe it… After everything we’ve been through. You were going to kill me?!” Thomas roared. “You bastard!”
He kicked me again, right in the crotch, one time, two times, three times… to the point I was wailing and I couldn’t hold back my sobs anymore.
“P – please s – stop…” I begged, rocking back and forth as he continued to beat me. “I’m s – sorry… I d – didn’t mean to… I h – had orders…” 
I could barely compose a sentence because by now, I was coughing out blood.
He scoffed. "You’re a fucking traitor. It's nothing more than you deserve. You're a dirty little bastard and your family will face the consequences of what you did. I'll never forget how you betrayed me."
There was a brief moment of regret on his face, but it was short-lived. He flipped me around, punching me again, before bringing the knife out in front of his face. I was shaking. This was the end. I was going to die.
At least I would join Ellie.
But did a better place exist for a bastard like me? Did a better place exist, for scum like me? Who betrayed their own friends?
Oh Father, forgive me… For I have sinned.
In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Forgive me, Lord…
Thomas pierced the knife into my flesh, cutting deep inside me. I began to scream. It was then that the sirens started.
As I started losing consciousness I noticed a girl in the background, watching me. She had a look of pure horror on her face.
"Please ... help me," I tried to speak, but it just came out as a mumble. My eyes began to close, and blood was gushing out of my mouth. 
I collapsed, as I began to bleed out. My vision went blurry, as I could feel the wind knock out of my lungs…
And then,
Everything went black.
Complete darkness…
And I never saw that girl again.

CHAPTER 11
RECOVERY

§    LOUIS    §

I groggily lay down on the hospital bed, rubbing my swollen eyes. A machine was beeping next to me. I didn't know how long I'd been here.
	I couldn’t even remember being admitted here. Everything felt like a blur. I vaguely remembered the night of the party…
	But after that, everything went black. And I didn’t know what to think.
	I thought I was going to die. I’d been praying to the Lord. Praying for redemption. Praying for forgiveness for my sins. I thought I would be six feet under right now…
	But it turns out, God had different plans.
	I took deep breaths in and out. I was still swollen, and my body still ached. I could barely move. I felt so stiff. This was like torture. It felt like somebody was continuously putting me through pain… Once I got numb, and I thought the pain had stopped, it would kick in all over again.
	I blinked several times, to make sure that I wasn’t hallucinating. To make sure that this was real. That I was actually here, alive, in a hospital room, and this wasn’t just God playing tricks on me. It felt like I was here in my fucking spirit.
	I could vaguely make out a woman in blue scrubs, running towards me, with a stethoscope around her neck.
“He's conscious,” she said.
I rubbed my eyes again, and suddenly, everything became clear. I saw Mum running to the hospital bed, tears streaming down her cheeks.
“Oh my God, Louis,” she sobbed. “You're alive, you're alive, you're alive…”
“He's going to make it,” the doctor reassured. “He's going to survive.”
The doctor made her way out of the room, leaving me and Mum alone. I took deep breaths in and out, slowly removing the mask from my face so that I could talk to her properly. 
I lay down exhausted, my whole body in agony.
“I love you son. You're going to be just fine,” Mum sobbed. “I'm never going to let anything like this happen to you again. Ever. I'm going to take care of you properly.”
	I opened my mouth to speak. My throat felt so dry, it was hard to get any words out.
“Shhh, don't cry Mum. I'm fine,” I mumbled. “I'll be out of here in no time.”
	I slumped backwards, my back searing in pain. 
“You bet you will,” Mum sniffed. “As if you got stabbed! On your birthday!”
My heart thumped as I recalled every painful moment of Thomas punching me, kicking me, stabbing me, beating me till I was blue in the face. My mind went into a state of shock. Everything was coming back to me so fast…
And as much as I was in agony right now, the only thing that I could think about…
Was Steve.
I’d let him down. I’d disappointed him. I didn’t kill Thomas… and instead, Thomas nearly killed me. I was lucky to be alive right now.
I didn’t even know how Steve was going to deal with me, after he found out that Thomas was still roaming around free. Steve had warned me that he would come for me if I didn’t do what he said…
I trembled in fear, shaking. What if Steve acted upon his threats? What was I going to do then? I suddenly wished that I’d never fucking woken up. I would rather be dead than live my life constantly in fear.
One thing I did know, was that Thomas and I were no longer friends. That ship had fucking sailed. It sailed the minute my plan backfired on me, and Thomas put me through all of that agony. If he were so damn self-righteous, he wouldn’t have retaliated. When he had me distracted, he would’ve called the cops… But he didn’t. He decided to take justice into his own hands.
But I didn’t know if I could put myself through the same torture I’d put myself through on the night of my sixteenth birthday. I didn’t know if I was capable of seeking revenge.
“Did he get arrested?” I asked, because that was something I needed to know. He’d stabbed me, and left me for dead… Left me drowning in my own pool of blood. Left me in a coma in the hospital for weeks. I needed to know that the cops were dealing with him. It was their fucking job.
“Yeah, he didn't make it out of the house in time, so they caught him,” Mum explained. “They said he could face five years, but I hope the bastard faces a lifetime.”
Mum folded her arms angrily, rage written all over her face. She cared about me so much… and it fucking broke my heart that I kept on being a fucking disappointment.
I blew a long sigh of relief as I heard the news that Thomas was going to be arrested. 
But for some reason, something didn't feel right. I had a weird feeling inside of me that I couldn’t shake.
Because there’s two sides to every story… 
I just prayed and prayed that Thomas wouldn’t walk free. He would probably come after me again, and to be honest, I wouldn’t blame him. I would do the same if I were in his shoes. I just wish he knew how much pressure I was under.
The Lord saved me once… so I just fucking hoped that he would save me again.
Save me from Thomas, because I knew that he was going to hold a lifelong feud against me… And save me from Steve, my step-father who had threatened me…
“That's great Mum!” I said quickly. “You don't have to worry about me now. The cops will deal with him.”
	I sighed, taking a deep breath in as I slumped back down on the bed again, feeling groggy. A tear slid down my cheek. I was in the hospital, and I’d just woken up from a coma…
	And the only person that was here by my side right now…
	Was my mother.
	Not Steve, not Keelan, not Likkle T, not Swoop, not Chase, not any of the people who came to my birthday party.
	Just my mother.
	And it just goes to show that it doesn’t matter how many friends you have in this world… nobody has got your back like you think they do. Nobody cares about you as much as you think they do. Everybody’s out for themselves, it’s like an endless game of Chess…
	People are quick to pat you on the back and go to parties with you. They’re quick to laugh at your jokes and crack banter with you in the classroom at school. They’re quick to ask you to come out for food, and have a good time…
	But really, it’s those who are there for you when it really matters that count. Your own friends wouldn’t think twice before stabbing you in the back. And I would know… Because that was what I did to Thomas.
“My little boy,” Mum murmured, giving me a glass of water and stroking my hair.

***

A FEW WEEKS LATER
        
I'd been released out of the hospital, my wound stitched up, making a full recovery.
Mum hugged me, and drove me home. It felt good to be home. I’d been in the hospital for two weeks since my birthday, but it felt like forever. Staying indoors for too long can really fuck up your mental health. It felt good to feel fresh air when I'd spent so long in a hospital ward. Mum unlocked the front door and ushered me inside.
“Now I'm just gonna go to the corner shop to go get us some food for tea, yeah?” Mum smiled. “You stay right here.” Her facial expression fell to a more worried one, as if she was afraid that if she left me for even one minute, something would happen to me. 
	I took a deep breath in. I needed to reassure her that she didn’t need to be with me every hour of the day. I was grown now… sixteen whole years old. I could take care of myself.
“Don't worry Mum, I'll be fine!” I smiled, with my hands on her hips.
She folded her arms, unsure.
“I'm only at home,” I shrugged.
“Good,” she sighed, taking a deep breath in. “You’re right… I’m being overbearing. I’m sorry.”
	I chuckled and she gave me a little giggle, before walking out of the house, slamming the door behind her. 
I slumped myself down on the sofa, spreading my legs and letting out all the exhaustion. I leaned over to the table to see my phone lying there, and picked it up. All I had were texts from Keelan, asking me how I was.
“I'm good bro. Just got released from the hospital”, I texted him. 
I reached for the TV remote and then caught a glimpse of all the PlayStation games that Steve had bought me. I grabbed hold of them angrily, opening them all one by one and snapping the discs, throwing them in the bin. I didn’t give a fuck how expensive they were. I was so angry. My blood was boiling to the point that it almost dried up.
"Stupid bastard," I muttered to myself. "This is all his fault." I wanted to eliminate every trace I ever had of him. It was all Steve’s fault that my life was so fucked up right now. Why couldn’t he just live a normal fucking life? Why did he have to be a criminal?
If he wasn’t a criminal, I would’ve never tried to stab Thomas, and I would have had a great sixteen birthday party. I wouldn’t have been left for dead, drowning in a pool of blood, screaming for help before everything went black.
If he wasn’t a criminal, I would’ve never caught him at his house that day with all the drugs, the guns and the prostitutes, and the hit men in his house. 
If he wasn’t a criminal, he would’ve been able to make time for me, and wouldn’t constantly make excuses as to why he couldn’t see me. He would’ve had his priorities straight, and wouldn’t have let his work get in the way of his family.
If he wasn’t a criminal, maybe me, him and Mum could’ve moved out of the hood, and lived a better life in a better area, and a better town. Where I wouldn’t have got involved in the wrong crowd. Where I would’ve made good friends, who didn’t hold a bad influence over me. Where I wouldn’t have to give into peer pressure.
If I’d got out of the hood, I would’ve never done all of those robberies with Chase, Likkle T and Swoop. I would’ve never had a guilty conscience on me for hurting others. I would’ve been a good boy.
Fuck Steve. Fucking bastard.
I screamed, shaking my fists angrily and punching the wall, trying to let out all of the frustration that had been building up in me ever since I was left for dead. I took deep breaths in and out, trying my best to get myself together, and calm myself down.
Then I heard the door knock. I figured it must have been Mum with the food from the corner shop.
I opened the front door, only to my sheer shock to see Steve there. I slammed the door right back in his face, desperately trying to lock it before he could come inside. I’d just been raging over this bastard, and he had the audacity to turn up to the house unannounced. I wanted to kill him for everything that he’d done. I couldn't manage to hold the door off – Steve was much bigger than me, much more taller, much more muscular, much more heavily built – and he made his way in.
"Louis, Louis, Louis," he said softly, his voice alarmingly soft. He sounded like a psychopath. "You're a brave boy."
"Get the fuck away from me!" I screamed. "I don't want anything to do with you!”
He stared at me angrily. Blood rushed to his face as his eyes watched me with a piercing look, and his veins made their way to the surface of his skin. I could almost see steam coming out of his ears. 
“You think this is my fault?!” Steve roared. “You had one job and you couldn't even do it. Stupid bastard gets himself stabbed instead! And Thomas is still roaming around, alive. Do you realise what you've done?!”
"He's not roaming around, he's in prison," I said bitterly.
"Prison?" Steve remarked. "You do realise he's appealing against the decision? He's telling them that he stabbed you in self-defense. And it's true." He paused. "We still need him dead."
I gulped, wondering why I hadn't thought of that. I knew something was wrong the minute Mum broke the news to me in the hospital. There’s two sides to every story… and Thomas probably gave them his. I knew that Thomas wasn’t going to go down with a fight. That he wasn’t going to let this go so easily.
"And while he's still alive, he can go telling the police about me," Steve went on, rage written all over his face. "Do you realise how serious this is?! He's gonna get away with stabbing you and I'm gonna get dobbed in too!"
	Steve spat in my face, grabbing hold of my shoulders, shaking me so hard I almost fell over.
"W - what do we do?" I stammered.
I felt helpless. I felt so weak and stupid. I wished there was a way that I could rectify the situation.
"What do we do? You mean, what do YOU do!" Steve roared. "I gave you one job, remember. Just one! And that still needs to be completed. You need to kill him!"
I looked down to the ground, unable to process my thoughts. How was I going to do this? I had no idea.
Obviously Steve was going to leave me in the fucking lurch again. Leave everything to me to take care of, abandoning me and using me like he always fucking did. If he was such a big Mafia man like he claimed, then why couldn’t he get men to take care of it himself?! Why the hell did he have to get me involved?!
Obviously because he was fucking blackmailing me, and he didn’t want to get his own hands dirty. He knew that it was too risky for him to get involved himself… but he clearly didn’t care if I went to prison for it, or if I got stabbed for it.
He didn’t care about me at all.
And I was so fucking triggered. I was so triggered that I’d been living my life under the influence of this man… But even in desperate times, he refused to help me when I needed it the most.
	And now I had to clean up my own damn mess. If I wasn’t so damn weak, I would’ve been able to kill Thomas. I obviously didn’t have the guts to do it. I’d turned around at the wrong fucking time to check if there was somebody at the door. I’d fucked it up my damn self. I lost focus… At the time that I needed to stay focused.
	I snapped out of my thoughts, folding my arms awkwardly as Mum came bustling through the door, with shopping bags in her arms. It pained me how little my Mum really knew about my life…
	She had no idea that her husband was using me. She had no idea that Steve was a Mafia man.
"Steve! What a nice surprise!" Mum said dryly, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "Do you fancy staying for tea?"
"I'd love to," Steve said, sarcasm equally dripping from his voice.
"Lovely," Mum said condescendingly. "I'll just go get the food on."
Steve rolled his eyes, his face still as pissed off as it was when he was raging at me.

CHAPTER 12
CRIMINAL LIFESTYLE



§    LOUIS    §

I lay in bed listening to Changes by Bugzy Malone, staring out of the window. What had I got myself into?
Now catch me rollin' on a late night
Mesmerized just staring at the street lights
Looking at my phone waiting for a notification
Or a text message I just want a conversation
I just need that, real feedback
Please feed my ego
Cah psychologically my family's got me feeling feeble
Now every member of my family's unstable
Both of my parents, dysfunctional people.
There was going to be a court hearing on Tuesday where Thomas was going to back his claim of stabbing me in self-defense. I didn't know what to do. I couldn’t go to jail. 
Just watching TV shows like Prison Break made me fucking paranoid. The way T-Bag held out his pocket for people to become his slaves, and raped men in prison. The way everybody rolled around with shanks, and you had to pick sides, rather than just bide your time and mind your own business.
I knew that going to prison would just put me over-breaking point. It would fuck my mental health up even more than it already was. And that was something that I just couldn’t deal with. Being locked in a room, for the rest of my life…

***

"You may now leave for home time," said Mr Mahmood, as the school bell rang, and everybody gathered their books. I didn't even know why I bothered coming to school. I just had so much on my mind.
I got up, ready to leave the classroom and meet Keelan outside. I hadn’t spoken to him in such a long time. I needed to tell Keelan everything. Talking to somebody would probably be the only way for me to get some of the weight and burden off my shoulders. 
I couldn’t talk to Mum about this, or she’d go frantic.
"Wait a minute," called Mr Mahmood, as I made my way to the door. "I'm talking to you, Louis. Can you just stay behind for a sec please?"
I sighed, long and hard. What the hell did he want? I turned on my heel and made my way back to the classroom, pissed off, because I was getting sick of school at this point. It was just a waste of time. I didn’t bother to study for my exams. I was going through too much shit in my personal life to even bother or care.
"Hurry up bruv!" Keelan shouted impatiently, folding his arms. "Our Subway isn't gonna buy itself."
"Alright!" I snapped.
Mr Mahmood shut the door and walked up to me, taking his hands out of his trouser pockets. "Now Louis, I just wanted to ask how you're getting on."
"I'm fine, sir," I said, shrugging. "Why do you ask?"
"Well, after being in hospital for so long, I just wanted to make sure you're making a full recovery," Mr Mahmood confirmed, stroking his thick moustache. He took a step closer to me. "Louis, is everything alright at home?"
I took my eyes away from him and stared at the floor. "Never been better, sir," I said bluntly. I hated when teachers tried to interfere with my private business. They should just focus on the job that they’re being paid to do, rather than interfere with my life and poke their nose where it doesn’t belong.
"Are you sure?" he said. "Come on Louis, I'm your teacher. I know I'm not one of your boys you spend your Friday night with, but I'm not that bad!" He chuckled to himself.
I couldn't help but laugh at how cheesy and lame he was. "Honestly sir, I'm fine." I scratched my arm awkwardly, wanting this interrogation to be over.
"I'm here for you if you need me," he went on. "Look, it's your GCSE's and you've just got so much going on. You've got two weeks left till your exams start and you've been stabbed. I can only imagine how..."
"I'm coping with revision fine, thanks very much," I replied bitterly. "I can look after myself sir. I don't need your help."
Mr Mahmood looked taken aback. "Fine," he shrugged. "But if you don't get your grades back up in these next few weeks I don't know for you. Your future is in your hands, Louis."
I rolled my eyes, annoyed. I got enough grief from Mum at home when she talked about school. The last thing I needed was a teacher barking down my throat about my education too.
I looked through the door to see Keelan tapping his shoe against the floor impatiently. "Bye sir," I said quickly, and bolted out of the door before he could protest or call me back. Mr Mahmood shook his head.
"About time!" Keelan hissed, and then broke into a laugh. "Bro, I've missed you man. I've been bare worried about you, you know."
"Fam I'm fine, trust me," I reassured him.
"That bastard stabbed you on your fucking birthday!" Keelan shouted, suddenly angry. "The audacity bro. I need to get my hands on him..." He balled his hand into a fist, fuming.
"Never mind about that," I said quickly. "There's so much I need to tell you."
"Tell me then," Keelan replied. "Come on, we'll talk over a Subway."
I nodded and we made our way down to town.
***

I'd told Keelan everything. About how I found out about what my stepdad was really like, about Thomas, about what Steve wanted me to do for him, and about the trouble I was in now. Having to stab Thomas, there being a court hearing, and my life being on the line.
Keelan stared at me, unable to eat his sandwich properly. "Bro, this is madness." He paused, long and hard. “This is the kinda shit you hear about in movies, not real life,” he sighed, exhaustedly. "What are you gonna do, man?" He folded his arms, looking genuinely concerned.
"I don't know!" I said, and I took my head into my hands, rocking myself backwards and forwards. "If I don't kill Thomas, my stepdad won't let me live!"
Keelan put his hand on my arm. "Bro, you have to tell the police about this."
My face shot up. "Are you fucking crazy?" I snapped. "He's my stepdad, I can't go the police!"
But the truth was… I could. I didn’t owe Steve anything, especially after what he’d put me through… but there was something in me that kept stopping me from snitching on him. I still cared about Steve deep down, despite everything that had happened these past few years, and it pissed me off. Why couldn’t I just forget about him and live my life like a normal teenager?!
"Fam, it's not fair how he's treating you like this. No amount of presents can make up for what he's doing to you." Keelan paused. "It's emotional blackmail, Louis. It's not fair how he's throwing this all on you, when you've got exams. You're only sixteen man, for God's sake."
I shook my head.
"Trust me bruv. Look how long we've known each other. We're bros, we help each other through everything man," he pushed on. "And as your brother from another mother I'm not letting you get involved in this bullshit. You've got your whole life ahead of you bro, don't waste it away on shit like this."
I got up from my seat, draining the last few sips of my milkshake. "Keelan, as much as I appreciate you and stuff, you're really not helping," I spat at him. I made my way to the exit door of Subway. 
Keelan was giving me good advice… Good advice that I didn’t want to hear. I was so trapped in my own little bubble, that I ignored the real world, and my real surroundings.
"Bro, where are you going?!" Keelan shouted. I didn't reply to him.
I walked down the pathway, only for him to catch up with me. "Bro, don't do anything stupid, please," he begged.
"Stupid?" I repeated. "Stupid?!" Rage was boiling over me. "Keelan, just leave me alone man. I don't need anyone anymore. I just wanna be on my own."
"I'm not gonna tell the police about what you told me bro," Keelan said, despite me having a go at him. "Please just promise me you'll stay safe. I don't care how much you try and fucking avoid me, I'm still your brother. And I'm still gonna look out for you."
"I've got nothing to lose," I said, swallowing. There was a huge lump in my throat. "Keelan, I love you man," I said, hugging him.
Keelan and me had been through so much together. We’d endured so much, and been through the worst fights, but our friendship was still going on strong. I didn’t treat Keelan with the respect that he deserved. He didn’t deserve a friend like me. I was always just complaining about my own life, forever moaning about my own shit, while never asking about his. He was always there for me, yet I couldn’t even take his advice, when he was speaking to me sincerely. I was a selfish bastard, and I fucking hated myself for it. I was a shit friend. I didn’t deserve anything good in life. Keelan was a good person. He wasn’t like me. He didn’t take part in robberies, or do any of the fucked up shit that I’d done throughout my time. He always put his head down. He was a family man, and he studied hard. I wished I was in his shoes…
"I love you too my g," he said. "I’ve known you for so long man, like..."
"Don't worry about me man," I reassured him, a sad expression on my face. I couldn’t even bear to look at him anymore. "Bye Keelan." My voice cracked. I needed to be on my own, to gather my thoughts and decide what I was going to fucking do, moving forward with my life. And without another word, I turned around and started sprinting out of town.

***

I made my way to my stepdad's house, listening to a Mist track, Smokey. I started enjoying the lyrics. 
Late night cruising on a graft, smoking on the lemon or the am. Rolling on the passenger, cos I'm on a ban. Not long left now new whip soon land. Superbike daily cause I can, beamer try chase me, yeah it's mad kinda aggy lost the chase on the path. I'm weighing up the math, ain't worth the jail, are you daft? Said it ain't worth the jail, are you daft?
I turned off the song abruptly and rewinded. 
Ain't worth the jail, are you daft? 
Who knew this scenario would have fitted my life so perfectly right now? Was chasing Thomas and killing him really worth it? The consequences for me could be brutal. Why couldn't I just let my stepdad be thrown into prison?! Why did I still have such a soft spot for him?
I brushed off my thoughts as I reached the front door of his house. I didn’t know why my feet carried me here. I didn’t know what the hell I was doing, or thinking at this point.
I just knew that what I was about to tell Steve was going to change my life forever.
The conversation that I was about to have with him… the things that I was about to tell him.
There was no turning back after this.
And the truth is…
I didn’t want to.
 I knocked on the door, hard, and one of his friends opened it.
"You alright cuz?" the guy said.
"Erm, yeah," I said vaguely. "I've come to see my stepdad."
"He's out mate, but you can come inside and wait if you want," he said, shrugging. I guess he was confused because he’d never seen me before. "My name's Ijaz, by the way. What's your name cuz?"
"Louis," I replied, smiling at him. He smiled back and shook my hand.
"Alright then Louis," he said, and lead me to the lounge. There were several stunning girls sitting on the couch wearing incredibly revealing clothes. They started giggling when they saw me walk in with Ijaz. Ijaz winked at them seductively, but they wouldn’t even look at him. I rolled my eyes. Thirsty bitches.
I turned away from them, not wanting to get involved with any girls, since every single one I'd come across had been a sket. I made my way to the kitchen to pour myself a cup of water. I just wanted Steve to hurry the fuck up and get back to his house already, so that I could talk to him. My patience was wearing thin. 
I grabbed a cup from the rack to pour my water into, only to have a girl's pale hand cover mine. She dragged her long, red nails across the bare skin of my hands, and I swallowed. I slowly turned my head around to see an incredibly beautiful girl with big brown eyes and long jet black hair, staring right at me. "Let me pour it for you," she smiled.
"I'm fine, honestly..." I mumbled.
"No no, I insist," she said, pouring the cup for me and placing it between my hands. I began drinking from it slowly, and wanted to bolt out of the door away from all of these people, but my body failed me. The girl wouldn't stop staring at me. She bit her lip, as she held her gaze with mine.
"You're absolutely gorgeous," she said, stroking my face with her slender hands. "Milky brown chocolate skin, mmmm..."
Part of me wanted her to stroke my face because of how good it felt… but I slapped her hand off me abruptly. "I'm sixteen," I barked. "Get off me." I tried to walk away but she wouldn't let me.
"Age is just a number baby," she whispered, slowly unbuttoning her shirt.
I gulped. "No it isn't," I said, laughing awkwardly. The last thing I wanted was sex with this sket, as pretty as she was. I tried to shove past her again but she pushed me back. Even if I was of legal age… She looked like a fucking adult, and I was a fucking kid. Twisted bitch.
"Will you just move out of my fucking way?" I shouted. Her hand started skimming over my body and I started sweating. "Please go," I tried to say, but it came out as a mumble.
"Sorry, I didn't quite catch that," she said, her face leaning closer to me, and she started kissing my neck. I pushed her off me, hard. She fell to the floor. Ever since I’d seen Maddy tongue-tied with Keelan on my birthday, I knew I couldn’t trust a woman again so easily.
"You bastard!" she shouted, tears in her eyes. "No wonder your dad disowned you!"
"Got a big mouth haven't you," I retorted bitterly, wondering how the fuck she knew so much about me, when I’d never even met her before. "Wonder how many dicks it's been round."
She gasped, taken aback. I immediately regretted what I said. I felt bad for having such a shit attitude towards women, but I couldn’t help myself. Steve had fashioned me into this bent, twisted character, and it was fucked up.
"Hey, hey, hey, what's going on in here?!" Ijaz shouted as he walked into the room. He saw the girl lying on the floor.
"He hit me!" she cried.
Ijaz stared at me, his face stricken with thunder.
"No I never!" I shouted back in my own defense. "She tried seducing me, the little sket. Your house is full of whores!"
Ijaz grabbed me by the arm and hauled me out the room. "Watch your mouth you idiot," he hissed.
"Fam what do you lot get out of having all these girls in your house?" I snapped.
Ijaz laughed whole-heartedly. "Free sex, that's what we get. Banging sex as well," he smirked.
"For God's sake, spare me the details," I said bitterly. "Where the fuck's my stepdad!?"
"Here," came a voice from the front door. Steve came into full focus as he walked into the lounge. "Louis, Louis, Louis, what do we have here?" He smirked. "I thought you didn't want to hear from me again."
"Steve, I wanna speak to you alone," I said.
"I'm all yours son," Steve replied, narrowing his eyes, wondering what I could possibly want.
I looked at Ijaz, who was still standing there, looking amused.
"Do you not know what the word alone means, or did you fail GCSE English as well?!" I accused.
Ijaz laughed, departing from the room. I shut the door and Steve shut the other one. We took a seat on the sofa, and Steve rolled up a spliff for himself.
"So, have you had a think about Thomas then?" Steve asked.
"Yeah..." I said slowly. 
“Well then?” Steve asked, shrugging. “Have you got a plan on how you’re going to take him out?”
“Not yet,” I mumbled awkwardly.
“Why the fuck are you here then?!” Steve spat bitterly. “You know I have business to take care of. This better be fucking important, Louis, or I’m gonna get real fucking pissed off.”
I took a deep breath in, and then took another deep breath out, as I tried my best to compose my sentences together. I wasn’t thinking rationally, but the words started spilling out of my mouth before I could even stop them.
"Steve man, I just wanna be accepted by you,” I mumbled. “Everything at school is going shit, Mum's always at work, and I just want to get away from everything and start something new." 
I took another deep breath in, and Steve folded his arms. 
"C - can I join you and everyone here?" I asked, scratching my arm.
Steve stared at me. "Louis, do you know what you're doing?" he said sternly. He took a long inhalation of his spliff.
"Yes I do," I confirmed, although I didn't quite know what I was doing myself. Was I ready for the responsibility? Was I ready to get involved with my crime lord of a stepfather? Was I ready to leave everything I knew… to join a criminal organization? To work for the Mafia? Was I going to be able to step up, as I uncovered a world that I never imagined?
I don’t know. But I was willing to learn. I’d been through so much heartbreak these past few years. What was the point of being a good boy? It fucking got me nowhere so far in life. 
Ellie died, and she was a good person. Even when I behaved nicely towards my Mum, she was still never satisfied with me no matter what I did. I used to be nice to girls, but they just used me and played me for a fool.
And now, Thomas didn’t think twice before he almost beat me to death. And with Thomas walking free from prison because of his self-defense claim, I would have to watch my back now more than I ever had. Thomas was going to come for me, especially after finding out that I was still alive. He wasn’t just going to let this go. 
This was now a feud. 
We were now enemies… 
And the only way this would end would be with one of us killing the other.
I had to train myself. I had to learn to become the same stone-cold murdering bastard that my stepfather Steve was. I needed to learn to stop showing remorse. To stop feeling bad or guilty about the things I did. To kill people who crossed me.
It’s kill or be killed in my world.
It’s eat or be eaten in my world.
It didn’t matter what history I had with a person. In the end, everybody was just out here trying to survive.
And that was all that I was doing.
I was joining the Mafia as a means of learning how to survive. As a means of protection. 
I was going to become the biggest goddamn drug dealer in the whole of Birmingham.
I was going to become the Mafia Kingpin.
The don.
The Mob Boss.
I was going to learn the game.
I was going to take over Steve’s Mafia after learning how to defend myself. After proving myself to him. After showing him that I was capable. 
And I was going to do whatever it takes to get to that.
Whether it meant pushing product, smuggling firearms into the country, murdering bastards, doing fraud, collecting debts, or laundering money…
"I want to join you Steve. I've had enough of everything. I know what I want now,” I said confidently.
Nothing was going to stand in my way.
There was a long silence between us. Steve inhaled deeply. "Fair enough," he said finally, and then he smiled, throwing his arm around me. "My lad," he smiled. "My little lad."
I smiled back. I loved this feeling of acceptance, feeling like I belonged somewhere. I needed validation. I needed to get rid of the void within me. Maybe the road life was built for me. And maybe becoming a Mafia man would help to fill my void. To help me feel satisfied about something in my life. Being a goody-two-shoes got me nowhere. I was just so emotionally attached to my stepdad, I couldn't think of any other option.
Me and my stepdad were the same, deep down. We weren’t as different as I once thought we were. At the end of the day, my stepdad was in the game to make money. For business’s sake.
And me…
I was in it to survive. 
To feel powerful.
To be feared.
So that motherfuckers would know better than to cross me. 
There aren’t any friends on these streets.

***
SECTION 2

CHAPTER 13
THE MAFIA KINGPIN

§    LOUIS    §

My eighteenth birthday was just two weeks away.
It was crazy how much my life had changed over these past two years.
The life my mum spent her whole life trying to get me to avoid, was the life that I was now dissolved in, and she had no idea.
No idea about Steve, no idea about me.
We were no longer as close as we used to be.
I'd dropped out of school as soon as I joined Steve.
I just figured that there would have been no point sitting my exams considering how close they were and how badly I was failing anyway.
Steve offered me a route out and I took it.
It wasn't that bad.
I liked having a lot of money, being able to buy clothes I wanted, concert tickets I wanted, gadgets I wanted, with no limits.
I told Mum that I owned a massive retail company, (which I did, but it was just a front to help me launder my dirty money from the Mafia), and this time I could feed her properly - she didn't have to work anymore. She could stay at home, kick her legs up, watch TV, and just enjoy herself, without having to worry about me. Without having to waste endless hours working, just to put some baked beans on the table.
It felt good to finally be able to provide for her, after she spent her whole life wasting away at countless jobs just to clothe me.
I'd made some new friends through this life, and we had a laugh.
They'd helped me to clear my name in court from Thomas.
They'd helped me through a lot of things.
I was even inspired to start making my own grime music, since I spent my whole life listening to it.
Stormzy had inspired me. His amazing lyrics and flow, his amazing background instrumentals.
I'd already started writing some bars of my own…
A year after I joined Steve, I knew the game from back to front. I learnt how to push product, how to collect shipments without getting caught by the feds, how to smuggle guns and firearms into the country, and expand territory.
I was desperate to prove myself to Steve. Desperate to level up within the organization. There were days that I hardly slept, because every hour, there was money to be made.
I hustled so hard. I didn’t just sell in Birmingham, Cardiff, Manchester and London, like Steve did. I expanded to the whole of the United Kingdom. I had operations in every town and every city that there was. Nottingham, Stoke-on-Trent, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Ireland, Sheffield, Blackpool, Blackburn, Leicester… The list went on and on. I killed countless people who got in the way of business, mercilessly. I collected debts that people owed me, and some days, I was selling so many drugs, that I’d take in £50,000 a day all by myself in profit after giving everybody else their cut. There were thousands of people involved at this point.
It was enough to show Steve that I was capable. And eventually, Steve took a backseat and let me take over…
I became the kingpin of the mafia, the very thing that I’d set out to do when I joined. I didn’t need protection anymore. It was me that gave other people protection.
People feared me. They knew what I was capable of, and how dangerous I was. They knew how I treated people who double-crossed me. The people who double-crossed me got a bullet in between their eyes.
I was only two weeks away from being eighteen, and I had to put blood, sweat and tears to get to where I am. To become the kingpin. But I didn’t regret it. Being part of the Mafia made me feel powerful. Dominant. Invincible.
I didn’t have to fear for my life anymore. Nobody would dare to put a hit on me. 
I hadn’t seen Thomas ever since my sixteenth birthday party, when he stabbed me and left me for dead. It was like he’d disappeared off the face of the Earth. He hadn’t posted on his social media for two whole years. It was like he was a ghost. I’d paid so many hitmen to try and find him. I offered so much money to anybody who could bring Thomas to me. 
But he was nowhere to be found. I presumed he was dead… Either that, or he’d ran away out of the country. And I knew that as soon as he was across the border, it would be literally impossible to find him.
I’d eventually given up on finding Thomas. There was no trace of him anywhere. None of his old friends had seen him or heard from him. But if he ever did come back to Birmingham… I would be prepared. The whole reason I joined the Mafia in the first place was because of the feud I had with Thomas. Because it was kill or be killed in my world… And I wasn’t just going to let that go. The motherfucker deserved everything that was coming to him. He deserved to be tortured. To be left for dead, just like he left me. And then brought back to life. And then left for dead again. An endless cycle of torture, until I was satisfied that he’d suffered enough.
Another thing that I’d vowed to do when I levelled up in the organization was to get justice for Ellie. Ellie was also the reason that I was the stone-cold killer that I was today. If Ellie hadn’t passed away, things wouldn’t have gone in a downwards spiral. Her death had a massive impact on me, and not in a good way. I was so triggered… and so hurt by what happened to her. The fact that God let bad things happen to good people. Ellie had been a bully… but the reason behind it in the first place, was because of all of the shit she had going on in her personal life. She didn’t deserve to be fucking raped… And nobody deserves to be depressed to the point that they would take their own life. No fucking body does.
I used to think that only God could give and take life. But after Ellie had been raped and killed herself, I decided to take justice into my own hands. I was tired of praying to God to make things better, and to stop fucked up things happening in the world, with no results. If God wasn’t going to let pedophiles and rapists die, then I for sure would fucking kill them. Every time I heard about rape cases from a cop that I had working on the inside, my blood would boil to the point it almost dried up. I had convicted rapists killed inside prison for what they did. Beaten to death, for being the scum that they were. And for the women who didn’t get justice, when the police didn’t believe their story and didn’t arrest the suspect… I would kill them my damn self. The justice system was fucked. It was so fucked, that only 1.9% of reported rape cases resulted in a prosecution. And that shit wasn’t right. I had to give those women some form of closure. Some form of justice. 
I did all I could. I never murdered an innocent person, even though I’d become the kingpin of a Mafia. I only ever killed people who deserved it. People who didn’t deserve to live in the first place. People who human trafficked, and did stupid shit like that. I knew that two wrongs didn’t make a right, because I still sold drugs and shit like that. But to me, it was the lesser of two evils. Ever since all the trauma that I’d experienced as a fucking kid, killing scum was how I projected my anger. It was my way of trying to show that there was some justice left in this world. 
But even after I did it… countlessly killed disgusting motherfuckers who abused women. Hit women. Sexually abused women…
The reality was, I still felt alone.
I wasn't trying to fool anyone.
This road life wasn't built for me.
It didn’t matter how many people I killed. It wasn’t going to bring Ellie back.
And the fact that it wouldn’t bring Ellie back had me kicking and screaming throughout the night, torturing myself for not doing all I could. For not being good enough. My mental health was suffering so fucking much. I was so depressed, and there wasn’t any way that I would be able to feel better. Whoever said that money buys you happiness, lied… Because now I could afford private jets, holidays every weekend, flashy cars, fine dining, to buy as many businesses as I wanted… 
But I still felt empty inside. Nothing satisfied me.
It didn't feel right, going behind Mum's back. It killed me that I couldn’t tell her the truth about who I really was. It killed me that I couldn’t tell her the truth about what I’d become. Even though I was able to provide for her now, the way that I was making my money and living felt so fucking wrong. Mum wanted me to grow up to become an educated man, with a successful career, to get out of the hood… But I was still in the hood. I was the crime lord of an illegal enterprise.
I never saw some of my closest friends again.
I never saw Keelan again. Keelan. My fucking brother, who was there for me through thick and thin. I even had to let him go. I didn’t want him getting involved in my lifestyle… 
The same way Steve didn’t want me getting involved in his lifestyle when I was fourteen.
Whenever waves of sadness would hit me, I'd turn to drugs.
Get high, drink until I passed out. I tried anything… any solution that would help to numb the pain inside of me.
And it wasn't right.
It wasn't right.
I was only two weeks away from being eighteen, and I was making my money off destroying other people’s lives. I was showing Steve that I was capable of being the kingpin by doing whatever he told me to do.
And it was dangerous.
But I had no choice.
I had no choice.
No choice at all.
This was the life I'd chosen, and now I had to live it.

***

It was another day of teaching motherfuckers who was boss. Me and Ijaz had caught wind of a bastard that had been stealing from our shipments. One who we let into our organization. One of our very own, who double-crossed us. 
Ijaz was the man that I’d met when I asked Steve if I could join his organization back when I was sixteen. We’d become close over the years. He was a Bengali man, with dark-brown hair and tanned brown skin.
And now, it was time to teach the bastard that crossed us, a lesson. It’s sad that the poor motherfucker thought that we weren’t going to find out. We always weighed the amount of product that we shipped in through the canals in Birmingham, to make sure that we weren’t being cut short or ripped off by our supplier. 
	Bash. That was the name of the curly-haired bastard who did it. He’d stole from the boxes in the warehouse, to try and make some extra cash of his own. Was extra cash really worth risking his own life? If he’d been patient, I would’ve promoted him my damn self. This was the thing with people. The lack of trust that they had, buried deep inside of them.
	Me and Ijaz tracked down Bash, and he was in a field playing football with his little brother. I felt bad that his brother was getting caught in the crossfire… But I’d groomed myself into not caring. Into becoming the same stone-cold bastard that Steve was.
	“Hi Bash,” I said bluntly, folding my arms. 
	Bash jumped, and spun around. “Hi Louis,” he said sheepishly. “What are you doing here?”
	“Just wanted to talk about business,” I said flatly. “Do you want to make sure your brother goes somewhere else while we talk?”
	“Sure,” Bash shrugged, turning to his brother. “Come on, bro.” 
	His brother was only seven years old. And now… he was going to grow up without Bash. The same way I’d grown up without a father. The poor kid was better off without a criminal in his life, anyway. 
	Bash led his brother away, giving him money to go to the shop. As soon as he came back, I shoved him, hard. He collapsed onto the floor, and I kicked him seven times in his ribs in repeat succession, to the point he was howling in pain.
“You've been stealing from our shipments, haven't you, you bastard?” I roared, as Ijaz continued to kick him.
“I – I don't know what you're talking about,” Bash denied, coughing up blood and spitting it out onto the grass. By now, his face was already bruised and blue, as he struggled to breathe. “Steve has done a lot for me, I wouldn't cross him!”
“You're a liar!” I bellowed, as Ijaz flipped Bash around, beating his face even more, until he’d knocked two of his teeth straight out. “We saw the surveillance footage at our fucking safehouse.”
	Bash cried out, begging for his life, because he knew that he’d been caught red-handed. He sobbed, rocking backwards and forwards as Ijaz continued to torture him, setting a lighter against his wounded, bruised flesh.
“Louis, put a bullet through this prick's brain,” Ijaz said bitterly, as Bash’s flesh slowly started rotting away with the flame. Ijaz shoved the lighter back into his pocket, getting up, and walking back towards me, with a cold expression on his face.
“With pleasure,” I spat angrily, drawing my gun and cocking it, as I aimed it right at Bash’s chest.
“Please, don't do this!” Bash sobbed, his body shaking into a frenzy.   “I had to feed my brother, we were running low on money for the week…” he tried. “I was going to repay my debts, I promise! I was going to give back all the money I made from selling the stolen crack… P – please s – spare me…”
Ijaz rolled his eyes, getting tired of hearing Bash’s sorry ass complaining. Bash’s chest heaved upwards and downwards, as he struggled to breathe and compose his sentences properly. The sweat and tears on his face mingled with his open cuts and blood, pit-pattering onto the floor that he was lying down on.
“Cut the bullshit, Bash, you knew exactly what the fuck you were doing!” I roared. 
Bash screamed out and cried, trembling as he held onto the cross of Christ around his neck. He kissed it, marking the trinity against his chest. In the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit.
“F – forgive me, Lord…” Bash mumbled. “P – please make sure my family have a g – good life when I’m g – gone…”
	I couldn’t be arsed to hear his bullshit. Nothing was going to save him from this situation, no matter how much he prayed. He needed to be taught a lesson. The Mafia code of conduct was made clear when I first let him in on my organization. He brought this on his damn self.
“It's funny how you thought we wouldn't find out,” I hissed, crossing my arms, and Ijaz burst into laughter. “This is what happens to motherfuckers who cross us.”
“Forgive me, Lord…” Bash murmured, holding tight onto the cross. I shot him three times in the chest. He fell backwards onto the grass, bleeding out, the colour draining away from his face. Dying in his own pool of blood.
I rolled my eyes, dusting myself off and shoving my gun back into my pocket.
“Now it's time to clear up this shit like it never happened,” Ijaz sighed, as he got ready to dispose of the body.
I made my way back to my car, and then drove it next to the field that Bash was bleeding out on. Ijaz put Bash into a body bag, and began to carry him to my car boot. We were going to drive to the river, and toss him in there.
I just hoped that Bash’s little brother wouldn’t come back here any time soon… because seeing his brother left for dead is the last thing that anybody wants to see.

***

Now that me and Ijaz had dealt with the bastard that had been stealing from our shipments, it was time to collect a debt from a ginger-haired man named Ron, who hadn’t paid us back yet. 
I sent Ijaz off to distribute some of the drugs we’d just smuggled into Birmingham, and decided to go to Ron’s house with Abid, instead.
Abid was one of Steve’s sidekicks. He was close with Steve before he was close with me. I could never forget the day that I’d found out who my stepfather really was… When I saw all the weed in his house, the drugs, the injections, the prostitutes. And Abid had a gun pointed to my head when he caught me snooping. We’d come a long way from Abid almost killing me. Ever since I’d joined the Mafia, Abid was like a brother to me now. He looked out for me. He rode for me till the end, and he was there for me through thick and thin.
	We arrived at Ron’s house. Instead of knocking, we kicked the door down so hard that it fell down inside his house. We made our way inside, to see Ron standing inside of his living room, clutching his chest, and trembling in fear.
“Where's my money, bastard?!” I roared, as he jolted back, terrified. “You've had over a week to pay up now, and we've been lenient with you.”
	It was true. Whenever somebody owed me money, and didn’t pay it back on the day that we’d agreed on, I always gave them an extra week to get the money together. The fact of the matter that Ron still couldn’t get the money together, even after a week of extra time, just showed that he wasn’t planning on paying it back in the first place. If he cared about his own life, he would’ve done whatever it takes to get the money back to me… Yet he failed. He didn’t even try. If he couldn’t afford to pay it back, he shouldn’t have borrowed money in the fucking first place.
“You owe us one thousand pounds,” Abid said bitterly, folding his arms. 
One thousand pounds was like small change to me. It meant nothing. It wasn’t even a fraction of the money that I made everyday. But that didn’t mean that I was going to start dishing out charity, or giving out hand-outs to people who needed money. I’d put blood, sweat and tears to get to where I was today. To be as rich as I was today. And the last thing I needed, was motherfuckers taking advantage of the amount of money that I had.
“I need a little more time,” Ron said shakily, heaving his chest upwards and downwards. The same fucking thing that Bash did when we confronted him. The same thing that all of these motherfuckers do.
My blood was boiling now. I was tired of hearing the pathetic excuses that these bastards gave. They either had my money, or they didn’t. It was as simple as that.
“Me and my missus have been having a really hard time lately,” Ron went on, breaking into sobs in an attempt to make me feel sorry for him. “We just need another week to get the money together for you!”
“WRONG ANSWER!” I roared, boiling with rage.
“P – please, just one more week!” Ron begged, breaking down with tears. “I promise, I’ve been working hard, I’ve found a way to-”
“You had your chance!” I bellowed, cutting him off his sentence. Abid flipped him over, and I punched Ron repeatedly in his face. His face went blue as I beat him. It wasn’t enough to satisfy me, though. I continued to punch him, until I could hear his bones snap and the wind knock out of his lungs as he struggled for air. Blood gushed out of his mouth, three of his teeth knocking clean out. He couldn’t even get any words out anymore.
I kicked him hard in his crotch, as he clutched his chest in pain, struggling to breathe. I kicked him repeatedly in his crotch, knowing that this was the place that all men hurt the fucking most. As I kicked him, I glimpsed over his shoulder… to see a family portrait lying on top of the table next to the sofa. Him, his wife and two children were in the picture… and I felt a weird sense of nostalgia as I remembered that I was once in his position. Me, Steve and Mum were once a happy family…
But this just pissed me off even more. Knowing that I didn’t have that happiness or security anymore. Knowing that this was what my life had become. Knowing that having a happy family was no longer possible for me. I smashed Ron’s head against the wall, as his skull began bleeding and leaving marks on the wallpaper. 
Ron was now fading in and out of unconsciousness. I drew my gun out of my pocket, reloading it with bullets, because my cartridge had ran out after I’d dealt with Bash. I cocked the gun, pulling the trigger before I could change my mind. No weakness… I had to keep remembering that in times of difficulty. To remind myself not to have a change of heart, in fucked up situations like these. That was the responsibility that came with becoming a Mafia Kingpin.
Kill or be killed…
The bullets flew out of my gun, landing straight onto Ron’s chest… As he collapsed onto the floor and began bleeding out to his death. 
“Let's raid this dump and grab any money and valuables we can find,” Abid spat bitterly. “They always have the money, they just don't wanna pay up.”
“Yeah, you're right,” I agreed. 
Whenever I shot someone, I always knew how to deal with the body in order to not link me to the murder. This was why I had never been caught. Never been arrested… Never been suspected, and never been to prison. I would wipe off any traces of DNA that I might have left in the area. Making sure that I didn’t leave the body there, and disposed of it in a river or something. Cleaning the blood so that the place was spotless, and it looked like nothing had ever happened.
	I joined Abid, as we began to raid and rummage through the house. We threw in any jewelry, valuables and designer items that we could find. Just because Ron was dead… didn’t mean that we would forget about the debt. We’d just take things that made up for the money that I’d lost. 
Either way, it was a win-win situation.

***

Me and Abid made our way back to the warehouse, after a long day. We’d disposed of the body at a canal on the other side of the city, so that by the time the feds found out what happened to Ron, his meat would’ve become food for the vultures.
	We joined Trex, Steve’s other side-kick that I’d grown fond of and become close to, just like I had with Abid. Trex smiled at us, giving us both a cigarette.
“Fuck me, I needed this spliff,” I sighed, as I drew deep inhalations in and out. Smoking was a great stress reliever for me, especially after the hectic fucking day that I’d just had. 
	Trex chuckled. “You sorted all the shipments out for this week?” he asked.
“Yeah, it was a nightmare man,” I said exhaustedly.  “But on the bright side, I've been collecting bastard's debts and took their goods from them. I cashed them in and they were worth a good couple of grand.”
“Not bad, not bad at all g,” Trex commented thoughtfully, as Abid continued to take drags of his spliff.
We all turned around as we watched Steve approach us, wearing an army-green coloured, fitted muscle tank top and tracksuit bottoms. 
“You got my cut of the money this week, g?” Steve asked, nodding in my direction.
“Yeah,” I shrugged. “I dropped off a bag of cash on your desk at the safehouse.”
“Say no more, thanks son,” Steve grinned, with his hands on his hips. “I’ll see you later, I have some business to take care of.”
I nodded in response, and Steve walked away. I took another inhalation of my cigarette, making the most of the smoke before it burnt out.

***

After all of the business had been taken care of for today, I began making my way home. I walked through town, spotting that Nando’s was still open, even though it was 11 P.M. I rubbed my chin in thought, suddenly fucking starving and wanting to buy myself some food.
“Fuck me,” I murmured. “I could murder a whole peri-peri chicken and some peri-salted fries right now.”
	I started to trod towards Nando’s, until my phone started ringing in my pocket. This phone was a burner phone, that I only used when dealing with shit to do with the Mafia, to avoid getting caught by feds. It meant that only certain people had my number.
	But as I stared at my phone screen… I realised that it was an unknown number that was ringing me. Nobody unknown should have had my fucking number. Nobody. This could only mean one thing… that feds had found out about this burner cell, that somebody had ratted out my number and shared it with somebody else… or that it was some random robotic spam caller from China, asking me for my bank details in order to scam me.
	I rolled my eyes. If it was some coke bastard trying to piss me off, they were catching a body tonight. I put my phone to my ear angrily.
“Who the fuck is this and how did you get hold of my number?” I said down the line bitterly.
	As I heard the voice that came from the other end… my blood almost ran cold. I couldn’t believe my ears. I couldn’t believe that he was ringing me, after all these years…
	I could feel my eyes get watery and brim with tears. I was in a state of shock. His voice just brought back all the memories… all of the flashbacks came flooding back to me…
“Louis, it's been a long time…” said Ellie’s dad, coughing up a sob. He sighed down the line, and I could hear him taking deep breaths in and out.
I wondered why he was ringing me now, of all times. I wondered what he was about to tell me. If something bad had happened… 
I had a terrible feeling in my gut. Whenever I was reminded of Ellie, my mind would just screw up to the point of no return. I wouldn’t think rationally. I’d just become overwhelmed by emotion and guilt. One of the only times I ever really showed weakness…
“I've found the bastard that raped Ellie,” he went on, and I could hear the sadness in his voice. The rage, the anger… the hurt. “You and your friend helped me all of those years ago by telling me how I could find her killer… And now I need your help again.”
He sighed down the line again, and silent tears rolled down my cheeks. For such a long time, I’d been trying to seek vengeance for Ellie. To make sure that justice was served. I went to the depths of the Earth to try and find the bastard that raped her. And her father had done the job for me… He’d found the motherfucker. And now, my blood was boiling to the point that it almost dried up. This was what I’d been waiting for. It was what I’d been waiting for, after so many years. It had been a long time fucking coming. It had been four whole years since Ellie passed away…
And now, all I could think about were the ways that I was going to torture this bastard. Make him beg for his life. Batter down his head with a fire extinguisher, until his skull cracked open and his eyeballs fell out of their sockets. Until all of his teeth knocked out one by one, and all of his dirty, filthy blood drained right out of his body. I would castrate him, burn his fucking crotch, because the filthy bastard didn’t know how to keep it in his fucking pants. Dirty rapist.
“There's nobody I know that could be more capable of handling this job than you,” Ellie’s dad went on. “I know that you're ruling the streets right now, hustling, and everyone fears your name.” He took another deep breath in, as I clutched my chest in sadness. “You're in a position of power, and I know you cared about my daughter just as much as I do.” He paused, and I could feel myself trembling as I listened to his words. 
Ellie’s dad’s voice suddenly turned cold and bitter. He was fucking furious. “I need you to help me take out this bastard,” he whispered coldly. “He needs to die for what he did to my daughter.”
	I knew that Ellie’s dad wanted to torture this bastard just as much as I did. It was because of this sick, twisted motherfucker, that he lost a daughter. That he couldn’t make amends with his daughter before she passed away. That his daughter was so depressed, that she felt like she couldn’t even talk to her own father about it. He’d spent four whole years living without Ellie… and now, it was finally time for him to get his revenge.
Ellie… 
The reason my heart broke.
The reason that I’m the cold, ruthless killer that I am today.
The reason that I threw myself into the Mafia life and became a part of it ever since I was sixteen, depriving myself of a proper childhood and upbringing. 
Everything that I was doing right now, was out of the hurt and pain that I experienced when she passed away…
	I drew a deep breath in, as I shakily held the phone against my ear. I had to bring justice to her death. The bastard who raped her was going to pay. I'd been trying so hard to track him down, along with Thomas… and now her dad has finally got a hold of him. It was time.
“Of course I'll help you,” I murmured. My voice was so cold and emotionless, it was like I was showing the traits of a true serial killer. 
“Give me an address,” I demanded. “I'm on my fucking way. This hit is going down, tonight. We’re not delaying this any longer.”
	As Ellie’s father read out the address to me, I didn’t feel the need to write it down. I would remember it perfectly. I couldn’t forget something as important… as crucial, as this. I wouldn’t only be getting justice served for Ellie. I would be putting my own mind at rest… giving myself some form of closure. I would stop beating myself up about her death, and would be giving myself some peace of mind, knowing that I did all I could… Even if I was four years late.
	I made my way to the train station, ready to catch a train to the city that Ellie’s father commanded me to.

***

I met Ellie’s father at an old, abandoned parking garage. There wasn’t a soul in sight. It was deserted…
	Ellie’s father was standing there, dithering in the cold. He had his arms folded, a timid expression on his face, and he was wearing a blue suit, paired with blue trousers. 
	I walked towards him, trying to focus, and get my head back in the game. My surroundings started to feel like they were going blurry, because I was letting my emotions overwhelm me. This felt like a dream.
	I blinked a few times, pinching myself for good measure, and then took deep breaths in and out, composing myself. I felt better now. I stared at Ellie’s father, rubbing my chin in thought.
“Are you sure that this is the place?” I asked, crossing my arms.
“Yeah, the bastard lives a few blocks away from this car park,” Ellie’s father explained.
 I nodded. “Alright, let's go,” I said bitterly, blood rushing to my cheeks with the anticipation of torturing the rapist.

§    DANTE    §

I lay down in my hot tub, letting the water wash over me as I relaxed. The bubbles soaked over me, and I sighed as I enjoyed the relaxing and calming feeling. I had an open-plan apartment with large windows that had a view over the whole city.
A hot tub apartment room with a view of the sunset… This is the life.
As I buried my head into the water, I felt a massive rattle as my bath flipped over and the water fell to the floor. I coughed out, clutching my chest as I’d just swallowed so much soapy water. 
What the fuck was that smashing sound? What the hell was going on? My whole room was ruined now… And I was furious. I needed to know what the hell just happened.
	I quickly wrapped a towel around myself, and ran out of my room, making my way downstairs, because that was where the noises were coming from.

§    LOUIS    §

Me and Ellie’s father began trashing the rapist’s apartment. 
	Dante…
	That was what his name was.
	I smashed cupboards, threw portraits into the wall, slammed plates and china onto the floor, to shake this bastard up and have him run down here and confront me in person.
	“DANTE!” I roared, throwing his plasma TV onto the floor so hard that it cracked in half. I was raging. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up.
	Dante ran into the room. He was only wearing his towel. Just the sight of him fucking disgusted me. His eyes were bloodshot and veiny, his hair pitch grey, with saggy wrinkles and no lips.
	I shook my fists angrily. This motherfucker deserved everything that was about to come to him. 
“Who the fuck are you and what are you doing in my house?!” Dante bellowed. “Get out before I call the police!”
“You like raping underage girls do you, you filthy bastard?” Ellie’s dad screamed, punching Dante’s jaw and he jolted back, staggering. 
“You'll pay for what you did to Ellie!” I roared, and grabbed hold of his neck, squeezing my grip so hard that he started choking, struggling for air.
“Look, this is a misunderstanding,” he said, wriggling free from my grasp. “I don't know what Ellie's been telling you, but she consented it. She let me fuck her in exchange for me giving her some money.” He put his hands on his hips, a small smirk forming on his lips.
“You dirty, lying bastard!” Ellie’s father roared. “I'll kill you!”
“Ellie is six feet under the ground because of you, you filthy bastard!” I spat, my eyes bloodshot. “She killed herself because of what you put her through!”
	Dante folded his arms, remaining emotionless.
“And now it's time you died too,” I said quietly.
“The slut deserved everything that was coming to her,” Dante retorted. “She should’ve known better than to meet a stranger from the Internet.”
“Bad move!” I screamed. Balling my hand into a fist, I punched him so hard that I could hear a bone crack in his jaw as he spat out blood. Two of his teeth fell out onto the ground, as he staggered in pain. 
Anger consumed me as I let out all of my frustration, and all of my hurt that had built up over the years, into beating up this filthy, vile man. I beat him until he was blue in the face, and I wouldn't stop. His lungs were failing him, and he was losing his breath, but it wasn't enough for me. I had to torture him; he deserved everything that was coming to him.
Ellie’s father held him firmly to the ground as I clambered on top of him, punching him repeatedly. He bellowed in pain underneath me. I took a needle and poked it right through his eye socket, so that his eyeball fell out and rolled down onto the floor.
“SOMEBODY HELP ME!” Dante screamed.
I allowed Dante’s father to take over, and vent out his share of anger and hurt as he beat Dante. While he was doing this, I had a quick look around the room. I grabbed a knife from the kitchen, tucking it into my jacket, and then grabbed a fire extinguisher that was hung up near the back door.
I made my way back to Dante, signaling Ellie’s father to move out of the way. 
“Record me while I’m doing this,” I murmured. “Don’t put my face in it. We’ll put it on the dark web. So that the world knows how we deal with fucked up men. With rapists.”
Ellie’s father nodded, shakily taking out his camera, and began filming. 
“P – please…” Dante begged. “I – I’m sorry… I’ll never do something like that again…”
“It was fucked up enough of you doing it one time,” I whispered. “God knows how many other young girls and women you’ve done the same thing to…” I slapped his face, hard, as he bellowed in pain, still clutching his eyeball-less eye where I’d cut the socket. “You ain’t sorry for what you did, motherfucker. You’re only sorry because you got caught.”
I threw his towel off, so that he was lying down naked, humiliated. Now he would know how all the women he’d raped fucking felt. I grabbed the knife from my jacket, holding it high, and then slammed it down onto him with full force, so that his dick rolled down onto the floor.
“AAAAAARGHHHHH!”
And then I grabbed the fire extinguisher… and began beating him with it. I whacked it into his face repeatedly, as his skin started rotting away and naked, raw blood made its way to the surface. His other eyeball rolled out onto the floor, but I wouldn’t stop. By now, he was already dead. His cries died out as he took his last breath. I battered him with the extinguisher, until his skull broke right open, and the blood started draining out of his body.
“Moral of the story,” I said, in a low tone, knowing that Ellie’s father was still recording. “Never fucking rape somebody.”
Ellie’s father stopped recording, and took a deep breath in.
“And this time,” I murmured, getting up from the floor and turning around to face him, “We’re not cleaning up this mess. We’re leaving him to rot. Let the feds deal with him. They’ll never find out that it was me behind this.”
I took off my blood stained shirt, setting it alight with a cigarette flame, and let it burn into ashes onto the ground, next to Dante’s dead body.
CHAPTER 14
THE GORGEOUS GIRL

§    LOUIS    §

I made my way into the kitchen for a glass of water, to see that Mum was already standing there. She had a smile on her face.
“Louis, I don't appreciate you enough,” Mum said, with her hands on her hips. “You've given me this financial stability, you've…”
“You're my mum, it's the least I can do,” I reassured her, wondering what brought this on. I gave her a peck on the cheek. “I love seeing you look so healthy and happy. I really, really do.”
“Aww sweetheart, you're gonna make me tear up!” Mum laughed, but a tear actually welled in her eye.
"Don't cry Mum," I said softly. "Please."
"I love you so much Louis," she said. "So, so much."
"I know you do," I smiled.
"Cheeky git! Do you fancy a movie night today then?" she asked.
"Ah Mum, I've got plans with..."
"Can't you leave your friends be just once and spend some time with me?" she pleaded, cutting me off my sentence. "Please Louis, I hardly see you anymore. You’re always out, and you’re never at home anymore."
"Mum, I'm not a little boy anymore," I replied. I felt guilty that I didn’t spend as much time with my mum as I should, but my life was just so hectic, being in the Mafia. I couldn’t afford to lose focus. I hardly had time to even go out with my friends, because there was always shit to take care of, or money to be made. Besides, I needed this night out. I hadn’t had one in what felt like forever, and I needed to take my mind off the shit that had popped off last week, killing Ellie’s rapist. The video on the dark web had already gone viral. Everybody was disturbed as fuck when they watched it, but they left comments saying that it was well-deserved, and that this is how rapists should be dealt with. "I'm eighteen Mum. You don't have to worry about me anymore. You should go out more, go on more dates with Steve or something."
She stared at me awkwardly, like she despised the suggestion that I’d just made. “Erm, sure…” Mum said uncomfortably, quickly trying to change the subject from Steve. I found this a bit weird, because she and Steve were supposed to love each other, yet she didn’t want to speak about him, but I just decided to shrug it off instead. I guess it wasn’t my business, and I shouldn’t interfere in things that don’t concern me. 
“More like we should find you a lady...” Mum grinned.
"Mum!" I laughed.
"I'm being serious Louis," she smiled. "Do you have a girlfriend yet?"
"Nah, all the girls round these ends are sluts Mum," I said simply, shrugging.
Mum winced at the word, her mood dropping even more than it already had. "I didn't bear you in my womb for nine months for you to be disrespecting women, Louis," she said sternly. "Don't you dare say that word again."
She took a deep breath in, and I rolled my eyes. Even after I’d left secondary school, my attitude towards women hadn’t changed. I still treated them like shit, having sex with them and then never talking to them again. It was wrong of me, and I knew that I needed to fix up. I just hadn’t met a woman who’d actually caught my eye yet, or one who didn’t only want me for my looks and nothing more. I wanted a woman who loved me for me… not a woman who just wanted to fuck me and then leave me when things got tough… Or a woman who fucked me and treated me like I was somebody special, only to screw another man the next day.
"I'm joking Mum, relax," I said defensively, shrugging her off. Before she could protest, there was a car honking outside the house. "Gotta go Mum!"
"Don't stay out too late then!" Mum shouted as I bolted out of the front door.
"I won't!" I shouted back, even though I knew I'd be out till the early hours of the morning. Mum sighed angrily. I knew that I was beginning to get too much for her to handle sometimes. I was just glad that she never suspected or found out shit about my real lifestyle.
Today was going to be a chilled day though. I was going out with Ijaz in his newly rented car. It was white and glossy and beautiful.
"This car is amazing bro!" I yelled. "You have to buy it outright!"
Ijaz laughed back. "Imagine all the chicks we'll pull in this."
"You bet cuzzy," I responded, laughing and jumping into the seat next to him.
"My g, my g!" Ijaz laughed. "I'm so pumped." He reached for the aux cord and started playing MoStack's new mixtape, High Street Kid.
“These songs always get me fucking gassed,” I said excitedly, bopping my head to the beat.
The first song started playing – Ussy Ussy. Me and Ijaz started jamming to it together, taking each line in turns.
"Next day I'm with my Woman Crush Wednesday."
"But I should turn her to my THROWBACK THURSDAY!"
"Why?"
"Cause she's always moaning about my Friday!"
“SUNDAY I WAS STRESSING, CAUSE I HEARD MY OWN G GOT ARRESTED.” Ijaz yelled. I felt a shiver over me as he said this lyric, like déjà vu… My own g got arrested. I quickly shrugged it off, not letting it ruin my mood, because I needed to chill out for once and have some fun, so I carried on singing.
"My gyal looking like a fucking top notch, when she back it up, back it up, it's a fucking lot, lot, lot-lot!" As Ijaz screamed these lines, he looked outside and honked at some pretty girls on the streets. They giggled in anticipation.
"Talking about girls..." Ijaz began. "Did I tell you about this sexy chick that I’ve been speaking to on WhatsApp, bro?"
"No way g," I replied, laughing. "Tell me all about it."
"She's called Maymunah," he went on, and parked the car in the car park. We got out the car, locked it, and made our way to the club down the road. "I remember seeing her in Bullring in the city centre, with her friend. And obviously, I wasn’t going to pass on the opportunity to ask a pretty girl for her number… And we’ve been talking ever since.” He chuckled to himself. “And obviously we’ve been doing more than just talking,” he said, winking. “You know what they say about me being the bedroom bully.” He laughed again. “I'm meeting her at the club now actually.”
“Wow, what a Romeo and Juliet story,” I said sarcastically, rolling my eyes, suddenly irritated. "So you're gonna ditch me at the club to go and play tonsil tennis with this chick?"
"Chill g, I'm sure you'll find a chick at the club to your liking," Ijaz smiled, laughing again. Was this what it was like to fall in love? To laugh at shit when nothing was even funny? Cos it sure as hell seemed like it, the way Ijaz was behaving.
"Nah man, I can't be arsed with these girls at the moment," I replied, rolling my eyes again.
"Stop being such a boring dickhead!" Ijaz shot at me. "Just go and speak to a girl, it ain't hard. Just have sex with her for the night, and then block her number the next day."
"Nah, I’m not about that life, g," I shrugged. I’d spent the last two years having sex with girls only to delete them the next day… and that wasn’t something that I wanted to do anymore. I was getting bored of it. I just wished that I could find a girl that I actually liked, to make her my girlfriend and actually be happy with. Sure, the sex was amazing, and I had the girls screaming six ways till Sunday with my ability of being a monster in bed… But I still felt empty inside, and I had a void inside of me that I guess only a real relationship would be able to fill.
"Stop ruining the vibes you cunt!" Ijaz said bitterly.
“Fam, if you're ditching me at the club for a girl, then I ain't going,” I retorted. “Why invite me in the first place if you were planning on having a snog-a-thon the whole night?”
Ijaz stared at me. “Fine, I'll stay with you for a little bit,” he said reluctantly, rolling his eyes. “But me and my girl are gonna dance, so I'll have to leave you when we do.”
"That sounds a bit better g," I smiled, feeling more reassured, and we made our way to the club entrance, showing our ID cards and then strolling in.
Not3s song Addison Lee was playing, and my mood was instantly lifted. "Bro this looks lit," I commented as me and Ijaz walked further into the club.
"Trust me bro!" he shouted, so that I could hear him over the music. He started texting his girlfriend on his iPhone, asking her where she was. They were sending each other teddy bear emojis that made me cringe. If I ever got a girlfriend, I sure as hell wouldn’t send puke-worthy texts like that. I’d show her just how much I loved her by satisfying her in the bedroom, pleasuring her in ways that she could never even imagine. Once you have a taste of Louis… you never go back to your ordinary men.
"Ooooo teddy bear emojis, eh?" I teased him. "You’re so moist." 
He shoved my arm, laughing. “Fuck off, bro.” He rolled his eyes, and I cracked up into a fit of laughter. 
We made our way to sit down at the couches at the back of the club, in the private lounge, while we waited for Maymunah to find us.
"Come on, let’s get some drinks bro," I shrugged, getting impatient as we took a seat on the couch. 
“Yeah, I could do with getting pissed,” Ijaz agreed, and I chuckled.
Just as I was getting up, I saw a beautiful girl approaching us. She looked positively fucking mesmerising. It felt like I was in a trance. 
She was short, with long, wavy brown hair. She was wearing an amazing sparkly red dress that embraced her curves, and her makeup complimented her outfit perfectly, while not being too heavy or excessive. She had shiny big blue eyes, that were widening as she smiled at us both. She was busty, with big, wide hips, thick thighs and plump, juicy lips.
	If this is what heaven looks like… then Lord, I never want to die. I could stare at her all day long with no fucking regrets. I’d never seen anybody quite like her. I loved curvy women. Women with meat to them. There was more to play with, more to squeeze, more to grab, more to kiss, more to lick, more to nibble…
	I coughed, trying my best to snap out of my dirty fucking thoughts, and pay attention to what everybody was talking about.

CHAPTER 15
STEVE’S SECRET PLAN

§    LOUIS    §

Behind her followed another girl, with pale brown skin, brown eyes, curly black hair and arched eyebrows. I was praying that the girl I’d been swooning over wasn’t Ijaz’s fucking girlfriend. I was praying…
	“Hey baby,” Ijaz said coyly, signaling the girl behind my dream girl.
“Hey,” Maymunah replied, smiling.
Thank fuck it was the girl behind her. It meant the curvy girl in front of her didn’t come here with a man tonight…
Maymunah walked over to Ijaz, and they exchanged a long, tongue-twisting kiss. I turned away, trying not to vomit. 
The girl that Maymunah had come with rolled her eyes. “Can you two get a room?” she asked, repulsed.
I rolled my eyes too, amused, and trying my best to contain my laughter. Ijaz and Maymunah finally stopped having a snog-a-thon, and parted. Maymunah rubbed her neck sheepishly, and Ijaz put his hands on his hips.
“This is Maymunah,” Ijaz pointed, introducing me to her and smiling. He was so loved up. I was actually happy for him, even though seeing them both together made me cringe internally.
“Hi,” Maymunah grinned. “You must be Louis.”
“That’s my name,” I shrugged.
 “I’ve heard a lot about you. Ijaz doesn’t stop talking about you,” Maymunah giggled, and I burst out laughing.
“Really?” I denied, and Ijaz folded his arms, annoyed. I burst out laughing. “Good things, I hope?”
“Yeah, definitely,” Maymunah smiled. “He’s always talking about what a good friend you are.”
Ijaz looked like he was about to pass out from embarrassment. I burst out laughing again. It made me happy, hearing about this though. Ijaz really did appreciate me… and it was a really heart-warming feeling. He was my fucking brother, and he would ride for me till the end.
“This is my mate Chantelle,” Maymunah went on, signaling the girl that I’d been thirsting over ever since she’d stepped into the club. 
Chantelle… 
What a pretty name, for such a pretty girl.
	Chantelle waved at me, her cheeks going pink. She looked embarrassed. I didn’t know why though… she had nothing to be embarrassed about. She was so gorgeous; it was hard to take my eyes off her. I rubbed my chin, lost in thought.
“I thought I'd bring her with me, cos Ijaz was saying how he was bringing a mate as well,” Maymunah smiled.
I nodded at her, smiling back, and then turned to Chantelle, giving her my full attention. Her cheeks looked like they were burning underneath my gaze. She bit her lip as she stared at me.
“Hey Chantelle,” I said coyly, and then started scratching my arm awkwardly. I was always so confident around women usually, and Chantelle had already got me all undone. No woman had ever been able to do that before.
“Hey,” Chantelle smiled.

§    CHANTELLE    §

As I stared at Louis, I couldn’t help but feel undone. He was easily the hottest man that I’d ever laid eyes on. He had a really sexy bad-boy look to him, with a rugged complexion. His jaw had light stubble on it, and his eyes were an irresistible hazel colour. His hair was black, and almost looked like a loose perm. He had a scar through one of his eyebrows. Not to mention that he was muscular as hell… He had such a well-built frame, that his six-pack could easily be imagined, with how tight his shirt was.
	I needed to snap out of it before I started drooling. There was just something about Louis that drew me to him… Like a magnet. I’d never met a man as sexy as him. 
	He must get girls throwing themselves at him all the time, though… And I wouldn’t blame him, looking at him. I really wanted to get to know him, though… But he looked uptight, like he didn’t do relationships.
“We'll leave you both to it,” said Maymunah, giggling, and then Ijaz cracked up into laughter. She turned to face back to Ijaz. “C'mon Ijaz, let's dance. I can't keep my hands off of you any longer.”
Ijaz winked at her and Maymunah rubbed her neck, blushing wildly. 
“Oi!” Louis called out. “Ijaz, we had a deal! You said you weren't gonna ditch me!”
“Fuck off,” Ijaz chuckled, and then took Maymunah’s hand. They both bolted out of the private lounge, and disappeared into the club, leaving me alone with a complete stranger.
A hot stranger, though.
Louis scratched his arm, laughing. He looked just as nervous as I was. But… wasn’t that a good thing? Did it mean that he was feeling the chemistry between us both right now, just as much as I was? 
“Well, this is awkward,” Louis said, coughing. I couldn’t help but to let out a giggle.
“Sooooooo…” Louis said, with his hands on his hips. “Can I get you a drink?”
“Sure,” I replied. Louis rubbed his chin in thought. I was smiling, more confidently this time. This was going to be a long night. I wanted to show him that there was more to me than just my shy exterior. Whenever I wanted something… I stopped at nothing to get it.

§    LOUIS    §

I walked away from Chantelle so that I could go to the bar and get some drinks for us both. I got myself a whisky and her a vodka and tonic. As I made my way back to the private lounge, she had her back turned to me, and for the first time, I got a full view of her huge ass. She was so fucking sexy… It was hard for me not to stop looking at her.
	“So, where are you from then b?” I asked as I joined her, trying my best to snap out of my trance again.
“I live about ten minutes away from this club,” she said, with her hands on her hips. She reached up to take her drink from my hand, biting her lip as she lingered there before taking a sip out of it. I could feel my cheeks flush pink. “So, what do you do for a living?” she asked.
“I work, I dropped out of education,” I said casually, like it was no big deal.
“Oh,” she replied thoughtfully. “What do you do now then?”
“I own that massive retail business in Bullring,” I shrugged. “Forest and Co.” I obviously wasn’t going to tell her about my other line of business. We’d only just met.
“Wow, no way,” she said in disbelief. “You’ve done really well for yourself.”
“I guess I have,” I smiled.
	She took steps closer to me, to the point that there was hardly any space between us. I could feel my breath catch in my throat. Her face was just inches away from mine, and it was taking all the self-restraint that I had left in me not to slam her against the wall and kiss her.
	But she didn’t even touch me. She took another sip of her drink, while staring directly into my eyes. “I’m a make-up artist,” she said. “Not as good as what you’ve done, but…”
	So she was really gonna tease me like that, and then carry on the conversation as normal? So she likes to play, huh. I couldn’t help but smirk. I found it amusing, because this cat-and-mouse game just made me want her even more. 
	“Don’t downplay yourself,” I replied to her, a smile forming on the corner of my lip, as I took another sip of my drink. “You’ve done really well for yourself, too.”
	“Thank you,” she said, rubbing her neck. Despite the sexual tension, I was really enjoying getting to know her. She was actually really interesting, and great fun to be around.

***

We spent time talking for two whole hours. We asked each other about our families, our favourite colours, our favourite animals, our favourite TV shows… Everything that could possibly be named. We talked about anything and everything, and it seemed trivial, but I enjoyed every second of it.
Chantelle was actually alright. She wasn’t just pretty, but she knew how to hold a good conversation too, and how to keep the banter flowing. There was so much more to her than just a gorgeous face and a curvy body.
I liked her. It had been so long since I'd had some nice female company, and this girl was beautiful and had a good personality. I was slightly pissed off at how I'd come to the club just to babysit Maymunah's mate, but I couldn't complain. I didn't come here to get up-to my no-good tricks again, taking two girls home and having a threesome. I’d come here to spend some quality time with Ijaz, one of my best fucking friends… But apparently, he had different plans. At least I'd found somebody decent to talk to, to pass the time.
	As if on cue, Ijaz started striding back into the private lounge, with a drink in his hand. I didn’t want to give him grief for ditching me to snog his girlfriend, because in a way, I was glad. If he hadn’t brought Maymunah here, then I would have never got the opportunity to speak to Chantelle. Even if it was just for a few hours, I felt an interior happiness when I talked to her… Like the void inside of me was slowly being filled, and she was the key to filling that void.
“Are you two getting on alright?” Ijaz asked, shrugging. 
Chantelle and I both turned around to face him. Chantelle was smiling, and I rubbed my neck sheepishly.
“Yeah, she's really nice,” I admitted.
“I’m happy for you man,” Ijaz grinned. “I just thought that I’d come to check on you and make sure that everything was okay. I'd better get back to Maymunah.”
	I nodded, and Chantelle giggled, turning back to me as Ijaz departed from the private lounge. I’d spent enough time talking to her now… and now, I just wanted to feel her body on mine. Especially with her looking this damn sexy. And no… I wasn’t talking about taking her home, and having sex with her tonight. I wanted to dance with her. To look into her eyes, and enjoy the music. I was happy around her… so I didn’t want to treat her like my previous hook-ups. She was special, and she was worth a lot more than just a one-night stand.
“Let's go dance too,” I smiled.
	She nodded happily in agreement.
The next song came on in the club, and this time it was J Hus's song Fisherman.
This was one of my favourite songs. I had a lot of fucking favourite songs. My mood lifted again. It was like nothing could stop me from feeling good tonight. I didn’t realise how much I’d needed this night out. It felt good to just forget about the Mafia for once… and just live like a normal practically eighteen-year-old boy fucking would.
“TWO GYAL ON MY SIDE, ME IN THE MIDDLE!” I screamed the lyric of the song.
“IN SUMMAT FOREIGN LIKE LIDL!” Chantelle joined in, and we both burst out laughing. Her cheeks went pink, and a sudden urge of confidence rushed over her. I guess you could call it liquid courage, because she’d had a good couple of drinks. Neither of us were drunk, though.
“Race you to the dance floor!” Chantelle said, with her hands on her hips.
“You're on,” I smirked.
She shoved me playfully, and started running out of the private lounge the best she could. It was cute, because she didn’t stand a chance in those shiny silver high-heels that she was wearing. 
We were having such a laugh.
I was actually having a good time.
What could possibly go wrong?

§    CHANTELLE    §

The song in the club changed to Remember Me by Chris Brown. This was a really hot song, and with me dancing with Louis, it became even hotter.
	It felt like Louis and I were the only people in the club right now. It felt like I was lost in him… Lost in his gaze. He looked at me like I was the sexiest woman in the world. He wouldn’t take his eyes off me for one second. I had one hand on his chest and another gently clasping the side of his neck, while he had both of his hands on my lower back, resting just above my ass. We were just inches apart from each other, and for the first time, I got to feel his rock-hard abs, even over the fabric. This man was something else. It was like he had a body and a face that had been carved by Greek gods. 
	“You’re so beautiful, Chantelle,” he whispered, pulling me closer. His eyes burned into mine, and I could feel my cheeks flush red. It was taking me all I had within me not to crash my lips onto his right now.
	He slowly moved his hands over my ass, and tilted his head slowly so that he was nibbling my ear. “Do you like that, baby?”
	“Y – yes,” I moaned, as he grabbed it, his fingers slowly tracing circles on my bare thighs. My whole body felt like it was on fire. I tilted his chin so that he was facing me again, and then slowly pulled his face down towards mine, my nails scratching his hair. I leaned in to kiss him, and then…
	He let go of me. “Two can play this game, baby girl,” he smirked, winking. 
	I folded my arms, rolling my eyes. So this was his idea of punishing me for the way I got him worked up in the private lounge earlier. Fucking prick.
	A hot prick, though. He knew how to play… I’d give him that.
	And I enjoyed every fucking bit of it.

§    STEVE    §

I was standing outside of an abandoned junkyard, on the other side of Birmingham near Small Heath. I smoked my cigarette angrily, drag after drag. I’d been waiting here for hours now, dithering in the cold. Where the fuck was the bastard that was supposed to be meeting me here? He was supposed to be giving me an update on the situation that I was paying him to do, and he was slacking, turning up late, treating me like I was one to forgive so easily.
	I rolled my eyes, pissed off, taking another inhalation of my spliff. I was getting tired of waiting around now, making myself look like a fucking dickhead. I’d been stood up. It was plain and clear.
	I turned around, ready to open my Uber app and call myself a taxi back to my apartment. Before I could, I heard footsteps behind me.
	He was here.
	I slowly turned around to face him, my facial expression bitter and angry. I couldn’t let myself get worked up, though. This guy had crucial information… and the last thing I wanted to do, was to fire shots at a man who was trying to help me get intel on a woman that was very close to me.
“Hey man,” said Matthew sheepishly.
Matthew. The bastard that I’d set up for Linda, to see if she was loyal. To see if she would dare to cheat on me… Or if she would dare to go against me behind my back.
“Finally,” I sighed at Matthew, lighting a new cigarette for myself. “What took you so long?”
“Sorry man, I got held up,” Matthew shrugged.
I rolled my eyes again. I didn’t want to hear his sorry-ass excuses. I just wanted to know what the latest was that he had on Linda. 
“So, what's the latest on Linda?” I asked. “Has she said anything about going to the feds about me hitting her and beating her up? Has she found out anything about the drug cartel?” I asked a million questions at once, wanting to leave no stone unturned.
Nope, she's been loyal to you as ever, Boss,” replied Matthew, folding his arms.
I cracked up into laughter. “This bitch is more whipped than I thought,” I commented thoughtfully. “This is good, though. It means that I'm in the clear for now, and that I don't have to worry about her.”
“What if she does decide to go to the feds?” Matthew asked.  “She has been talking about getting a restraining order against you, you know.”
“Then you let me know and I'll deal with the bitch myself,” I retorted bitterly. “Make sure she doesn't get that restraining order. Bullshit her into not doing it by saying that it will affect me seeing Louis. All of that shit. You get the gist.”
“Understood,” Matthew nodded, rubbing his neck sheepishly. “But what if she wants to sleep with me?” His face fell. “Then what do I do?” He took a deep breath in. “She does think that I'm in love with her, after all.”
“You make sure it doesn't get to that!” I roared. “She's mine, and nobody else's!” 
I’d caught Linda out one too many times. Texting Matthew, going out with Matthew, seeing Matthew at the hospital… Yes, it was my own doing. I was the one that set Matthew up in her life in the first place. I guess I just wanted to see how far Linda would really go… And that if she did make the step with Matthew, then she would know that it was me behind it the whole time. She needed to know that no other man would want her. I knew that she had feelings for Matthew… She was scared of me, but she’d made it obvious with the way she behaved whenever he was mentioned. This would teach her a lesson for fucking sure, though. When she learnt the truth about Matthew, and learnt that Matthew was only speaking to her on my orders… Then she would have no choice but to run back into my arms. She would realise that I was the only man that would ever love her, despite what she thought of me. She would realise that no other men wanted her, and that I was the only one who really put up with her till the end. 
I really pitied her. I really fucking did. She didn’t even know the truth about her own son. Louis… She had no idea that I was once the kingpin of a Mafia, and now Louis had taken over my position. She was so stupid, it pained me. But the less she knew, the better. I had her wrapped around my finger. Fucking bitch. If she ever kissed Matthew, or so much as touched him in a sexual way… she would pay. And I would fucking make sure of it.
“She either stays with me, or she dies,” I whispered coldly, folding my arms and blunting my spliff, putting it out with my shoe on the ground. Matthew stared at me awkwardly.
“Understood,” he said quickly, knowing that he had to be careful with what he said, to avoid pissing me off. “I don't want to sleep with her anyway,” he shrugged.
“What do you mean, you don’t?” I roared. “Are you saying she’s ugly now?! Is that it?!”
“N – no…” Matthew said, terrified. “No, you have good t – taste in women…”
I stared at him, my eyes piercing his. He looked so damn afraid of me, it was amusing. He clutched his chest in fear, and a smirk formed on the corner of my lips. I couldn’t hold it in anymore. “I’m just playing with you, man,” I said, bursting into laughter. “I couldn’t give a fuck about what you think of her.”
“O – Oh,” Matthew said awkwardly, exhaling and taking a deep breath in. 
“Don’t worry, man,” I shrugged. “You're just a test for her loyalty.” I paused, rubbing my chin in thought. “You haven't snogged or anything, have you?” I asked, folding my arms.
“Nah, just pecks on the cheek,” Matthew admitted, scratching his arm timidly. “I don't think she's ready yet.” He took another deep breath in. “She seems scared.”
“As she should be,” I retorted, and rolled my eyes. I flicked open my phone, quickly checking my texts.
“So, what now?” Matthew asked awkwardly.
“Come to the spot in a few days,” I shrugged. “I'll have your money for the work you've done so far, ready for you.”
“Thanks, Boss,” he said sheepishly, swallowing. 
“You can fuck off now,” I said, rolling my eyes, wondering why the fuck he was still here, when we’d finished discussing business now. He let out a nervous chuckle, and then quickly ran out of the junkyard, like he was afraid that I was going to shoot him in the back as he left. 
	This only amused me more. I sighed, exasperated, and then opened the Uber app, ready to call myself a taxi.

CHAPTER 16
UNEXPECTED EVENTS

§    LOUIS    §

It was 3 A.M. now, and the four of us were still at the club. I was drained. My legs were dead; I'd been on my feet for so long that I just wanted to go home now. I’d had enough dancing and drinking for one night.
	Chantelle rubbed her chin, and Maymunah did the same.
“Ijaz bro, can we go now?” I sighed, exhausted. “Come on bro, I'm bare tired.” My feet could barely carry me anymore.
“Not yet, bro,” Ijaz said, shrugging and rolling his eyes. “I still wanna have some more drinks with Maymunah.”
	Maymunah giggled, stroking the collar of Ijaz’s shirt, and I sighed heavily, disappointed and pissed off.
“I feel so tipsy right now!” Maymunah screamed excitedly, and started dancing, waving her hands in the air happily, spilling her drink all over the floor. Chantelle started giggling, as Maymunah struggled in her heels, trying her best to stand straight.
“Fine Ijaz, but hurry the fuck up, man,” I said bitterly, folding my arms. Ijaz never knew when to call it a night.
“I will, don't worry man,” Ijaz shrugged, and then turned back to Maymunah, throwing his arm around her and kissing her neck. “Come on Maymunah.”
	Maymunah giggled again, and then started trotting away with Ijaz. I rolled my eyes. Those two just couldn’t keep it in their fucking pants.
“They're such horny pricks,” Chantelle commented exhaustedly.
“Tell me about it,” I retorted. I’d rolled my eyes so much by now, that it felt like they were about to pop out of my head. Chantelle burst into a fit of giggles. I guess she was feeling a little tipsy too, but me and her were the only ones who weren’t drunk right now. The only fucking sensible ones.

§    IJAZ    §

I walked over to a bar on the other side of the club, with Maymunah’s hand in mine. When we arrived, she just spent some time rubbing her chin, lost in thought.
I really needed to get laid tonight. Maymunah had been putting off having sex with me for ages, but I couldn't be arsed to wait around any longer. I was just going to have to spike her drink. I knew that it was a terrible thing to do, and only the lowest of the low scum did it… But I was just getting so impatient. It was like Maymunah didn’t even trust me. We’d been together for quite a long time now, and we hadn’t even slept together. She always claimed to have trust issues because of fucked up men in her past… But I was a guy with needs. I’d shown her time and time again how much I cared about her, and she still didn’t want to go all the way with me.
	I ordered a drink from the bar, and then popped a pill into it quickly while she wasn’t looking. I took a deep breath in, trying to get myself together, because it was probably visible how nervous I was.
“Haven't we had enough drinks for tonight, babe?” Maymunah asked, looking uneasy. “I'm feeling kinda dizzy.”
“Don't worry babe, I'm here,” I reassured her, smiling. “I'll take care of you.”
“You're such a babe,” Maymunah said coyly, giving me a kiss on the cheek. I chuckled, and then got the drink that I’d spiked off the table, holding it in my hand for her to take. 
“Here, drink this babe,” I offered. “It's your favourite, gin and tonic.”
“If I drink any more, I'm gonna be sick,” Maymunah sighed. She looked so exhausted and worn out.
“Come on babe, just one more drink!” I persisted. I didn’t want this plan to flop. I wanted to go home with her tonight.
“Nah,” Maymunah sighed.
I rolled my eyes, pissed off, and folded my arms. What the fuck was I supposed to do now? I couldn’t force her to drink it, or she’d know that something was off or wrong. I guessed that I would just have to admit defeat. It looked like another day was going to go by, with Maymunah not having sex with me.
But the more I stood there with my arms folded, the more I realized that I was actually grateful that she hadn’t drank it. I didn’t know what the fuck was wrong with me. What had gotten into me when I thought about spiking her drink? If I wanted her to sleep with me, I would just have to wait until she was ready… And improve my flirting game. Not resort to lengths like this. Lengths that desperate predators went to. I wasn’t a man like that… So thank fuck Maymunah didn’t take the drink. I was suddenly ashamed of myself for even offering it to her in the first place.
	I quickly snapped out of my thoughts, as a random stranger from the club approached me and Maymunah at the bar. She had dark black hair, with a massive fringe covering her brown eyes, light brown skin, and she was wearing a floral midi-dress, which was quite modest to be wearing at a club.
	She waved at us. “Hey people,” she said excitedly, wobbling about her spot. 
She was clearly drunk. I didn’t even know what to do, at this moment in time. Maymunah was just as pissed as the stranger was. Babying one woman for the night was more than enough for me. I couldn’t baby another. Why the hell did I always get approached by weirdos, whenever I went out on a night out?
“If nobody's gonna have that drink, I'll gladly have it,” the stranger said, with her hands on her hips. I gasped, realizing that she was pointing to the drink that I’d just spiked. Maymunah rubbed her chin in thought.
“No, I don't think that's necessary,” I said quickly, trying to shove the drink out of the way, so that she couldn’t reach it.
“C'mon, don't kill my vibe!” the stranger exclaimed, and pushed me out of the way, grabbing the cup in her hands. 
“No, don't drink that!” I shouted. 
I could feel my blood run cold, as the stranger started sipping from the drink. I couldn’t believe I let this happen. I couldn’t believe what I’d just fucking done…
“FUCKKKKK!” I screamed.
I could feel myself sweating, and I swallowed in a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding.
“Ijaz, what's wrong?!” Maymunah asked, taken aback. The girl continued to ignore us, and carried on drinking from the cup.
My heart was thumping with nerves, as the guilt started consuming me. I couldn’t knock the drink out of the girls’ hand, or I would cause a commotion, and attract unwanted attention that I didn’t fucking need. I wasn’t even thinking rationally at this point. If something happened to this girl, then I couldn't hang around here before the feds would hold me accountable. She was probably going to collapse in the middle of the club, and I needed to make sure that I was long gone before that happened. I didn’t want to go to prison… especially with my position in the Mafia. I felt fucking terrible, but I had to save my own ass. That’s just how it is in my world… As fucked up as it is.
“You know what Maymunah, let's go home,” I said quickly. “Louis was right, it's getting late.”
“Fine by me,” Maymunah shrugged. She took a deep breath in. “Can I come over to yours?”
I swallowed. “Honestly, I just wanna sleep on my own tonight.”
“Oh, okay babe,” Maymunah said disappointedly, a timid expression on her face. She was literally willing to come over to my place now… and I said no to her, even though I just spiked her fucking drink because of how sexually frustrated I was. After seeing that a different girl had drank it, I just suddenly wasn’t in the mood anymore, and I just wanted to be on my own.
	Maymunah turned on her heel, heading away from the bar, so that we could go back to Chantelle and Louis. I followed suite, trudging behind her, looking down on the floor in shame and guilt.

§    STRANGER WHO JUST DRANK A SPIKED DRINK    §

I watched the man and woman both walk away. I didn’t even understand why they were arguing, or what the hell that fuss was all about just then. I decided to shrug it off. Fucking weirdos. At least I got myself a free drink.
I blinked a few times, because it felt like my vision was going a bit cloudy. It felt like my surroundings were blurring around me, and my head felt really heavy. I tried my best to stand on my own two feet. I had a little too much to drink tonight, and I needed to get a hold of myself before my brother Thomas found me here getting pissed off my head.
I clutched the bar for support, trying to remain stable. The last thing I wanted to do was collapse here, after drinking one too many vodkas. I would never hear the end of it from Thomas. He would nag me like there was no tomorrow, being the fucking annoying, over-protective and over-bearing big brother that he was.
It felt like I was fading in and out of unconsciousness. I didn’t know what the hell was wrong with me. In every other party, I’d always managed to drink bottles the whole night without feeling as shit as this…
“Get me a glass of water!” I shouted to the bar-lady. I needed to splash my face with some cold water, and quench my thirst properly with something clean and non-intoxicating, to get the alcohol out of my system. It would be the only way to help me feel a bit better right now.
So much for a fun night out.

§    LOUIS    §

Me and Chantelle were still talking. Even though we’d been at the club for hours on end now, we still managed to find things to talk about, and to enjoy each other’s company. But more than anything, I just wanted to go home and have a good night’s sleep, and Ijaz being busy trying to nail Maymunah was just getting agitating and piss-taking at this point. He was ruining the night for me and Chantelle… Even though she was far from boring, it was time to fucking call it a night. 
	As if on cue, Ijaz and Maymunah strolled over to us. I rolled my eyes, annoyed.
	“Fucking finally!” I sighed, but my mood lit up now. I was excited to finally get the fuck out of the club, and go home to my nice, warm bed.
“You were right bro, I think we should go home,” Ijaz admitted sheepishly. “I'm getting tired as well.”
It was out of character for Ijaz to ever fucking listen to me or admit that I was right, but I was thankful all the same. Chantelle rubbed her chin thoughtfully.
“Cool,” I shrugged, and then turned back to Maymunah and Chantelle. “Maymunah and Chantelle, do you girls fancy getting a lift?” I gave them both a smile. “Can't have you both going home on your own in this dark.”
“I'd really appreciate that, thanks Louis,” Chantelle smiled gratefully, giving me a kiss on my cheek, and I swear my body set on fire. I hoped that when this night was over… me and Chantelle would still talk and stay in contact, and be good friends.
“Yeah, me too,” Maymunah agreed, with her hands on her hips.

§    IJAZ    §

“Can we just hurry up and get the fuck out of here?” I demanded bitterly. I was getting tired of watching Chantelle and Louis eye-fuck each other, when I really needed to get going. We were wasting time dawdling around at the bar. We should have left by now… The girl who drank the drink I was meant to give Maymunah was going to pass out any second, and I could feel my heart thump in my throat from nerves, because I was so damn scared that a security guard was going to walk up to me any minute now, and arrest me.


§    LOUIS    §

I stared at Ijaz. He had his arms folded, with a screw-face expression written all over his face. He looked so pissed off, it looked like he was about to murder. I didn’t know what the hell was wrong with him, and why he suddenly wanted to leave the club so quickly, when earlier, he had been hell-bent on all of us staying for another few hours, so that he could have some more rounds with Maymunah. Had he and Maymunah had an argument or something? I didn’t know… 
	I rolled my eyes, knowing better than to piss off Ijaz more, when he was already in a bad mood.
“Alright man,” I shrugged.
“Finally!” Ijaz retorted, exasperated.
	I rolled my eyes again, wondering who tickled his balls and why the hell he was so moody all of a sudden. Nevertheless, I decided to shrug it off. Ijaz had been like a brother to me ever since I’d stopped seeing Keelan around… so I was sure that if something was up with Ijaz, he would let me know. We worked things out together in every situation, and in every single one of our fuck-ups.
We made our way out of the club, pushing our way through the crowd. I deliberately walked right behind Chantelle, just paces behind her the whole time, and watched her ass shake from side to side, as she walked towards the exit. She really was a sight for fucking sore eyes… I had a feeling so deep in my gut that we weren’t going to see each other again. That as soon as she found out who I really was, a Mafia Kingpin, she would want nothing to do with me. So I might as well enjoy the view while it lasts, right?
Just as I made my way to the exit door, someone shoved past me, hard. I lost my balance, because I’d been too distracted checking out Chantelle’s bum. I skidded backwards, but managed to slam my trainers hard down onto the ground to stop myself from falling, and keep my balance before I fell and got trampled on.
“Oi, watch it!” I shot angrily, pissed off, because I could’ve taken a real nasty fall. I turned around to see who it was, because I wanted to cuss them out badly. I was in just as bad of a mood than Ijaz was, now.
To my sheer shock, as I slowly turned my head around to face the person who’d just shoved past me, it felt like my heart had just leapt out of my throat. My pulse was raising through the roof. I was in disbelief… 
No, no… It couldn’t be him. He’d disappeared off the face of the Earth… For two whole years, without a fucking trace!
Thomas.
He stood in front of me, not saying a word, with a cold, blank expression on his face. His arms were folded. His eyes burned into mine, and I could feel my heart hammering against my chest. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I’d paid hitmen to try and hunt him down, and none of them could… As well as street thugs, and high-profile cops that I had working on the inside.
None of them had been able to find him… 
And all of a sudden, like fate, or just a bad fucking coincidence…
Thomas happened to be at the same club that I was, on the same night that I’d decided to go clubbing, at the same time.
It felt like time had stopped moving. It was just him and I. 
And there was just one thing that I couldn’t comprehend. Something that I couldn’t fucking shake.
What the fuck was he doing here?
“Erm, I…” I took a deep breath in, and a deep breath out. It felt like I was having a panic attack. I’d been waiting for such a long time for this moment… To see Thomas again, and kill him. To make him suffer for what he did to me. To make him suffer for how he betrayed me, and left me for dead… And I was just frozen to the spot in shock. I couldn’t speak properly. Hell, I could barely move. It was like I’d forgotten everything I’d learnt over the years. How to fight, how to defend myself, how to be a feared fucking man that nobody wanted to double-cross.
It felt like everything that I’d learnt had just flown out of the window.
As I stared at Thomas, and he stared at me back, it was like I was seeing another side to him. A side that I never expected. He looked different… and I wasn’t talking about him looking different in a physical sense. I didn’t know where he’d been over the years. Whether he had a machine gun tucked away in his jacket somewhere. Whether he’d been planning this moment too, just like I had…
I didn’t even know what I was dealing with here, or in fact, who I was dealing with. A lot can change in two years. Was Thomas a full-blown psychopath now? If I tried to kill him, would there be another gang of men right outside, ready to kill me? I had no fucking idea.
All I knew was that I needed to be prepared properly. I remained silent, in an attempt to try to take back what I said, because I didn't want trouble, especially in a moment like this.
“Sorry,” Thomas said flatly. His eyes continued to narrow at me. He wouldn't stop staring at me, and it was creeping me the fuck out. Did he have a fucking sword in his jacket, that he was about to slice my neck with?
	I took another deep breath in, and could feel my head start to spin. It was like my brain always liked playing tricks on me, at the wrong fucking time and place. I recalled the incident of him stabbing me. Every single painful moment. The way I begged him to stop, and he continued to punch me, mercilessly. The way I cried out for help to the girl that was watching, yet she did nothing to try to get me out of the situation. The way he suffocated me with his grip, and stabbed the knife deep into my flesh, leaving me drowning in my own puddle of blood.
My hand balled into a fist. I didn't care anymore. It didn’t matter if things had changed over the years, and Thomas might not have been the same boy that I remembered him to be. I wanted to fight him, right here, right now. This motherfucker needed to suffer in the worst way possible. I’d deal with any repercussions or consequences. I couldn’t just let him walk away now… Killing Thomas was the only thing left for me to do, to be at peace. To gain closure. After murdering Ellie’s rapist, I’d already gained half of that closure. Thomas was just the missing piece of the fucking puzzle, and I could feel my blood boil and rise to the surface of my skin, with the anticipation of torturing Thomas. I began screaming, as I let out all of the rage and frustration that had built up in me over all of this time. I needed to get myself together. I needed to floor Thomas, and beat the shit out of him. Make him beg for his life, just like he made me beg for mine. I didn’t care who the fuck was watching. 
	I shook my fists angrily, ready to charge at him, as he continued to stare at me blankly. Just as I was about to raise my hand, I felt somebody shove me from behind. Why the fuck did people always try to get in the way, at the most crucial of fucking times?!
	I turned around, and by now, I was so pissed off that my blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up. Seeing Thomas here, after I’d gone to the depths of the Earth to fucking hunt the bastard, was just screwing with my mind to the point of no return. I wasn’t even surprised when I saw that it was Ijaz who shoved me. This just annoyed me even fucking more. He knew how important this moment was to me… How important it was for me to seek revenge and get one over on Thomas. But I guess it was Thomas’s lucky night. I guess that was why he was being so quiet tonight, and wasn’t saying a word to me. He was probably planning on how he was going to get me on my own, because he knew that trying to kill me in a public place would have repercussions for both of us. We’d both go to jail. If the feds put a face to my street name, and realized that I was the kingpin of the Mafia, I would be facing time in prison for life. My business in Bullring would go down in flames. It would be all over the news, all over the papers… Hell, I’d probably even get a Netflix documentary made about myself. The man who managed to lead a drug empire, without ever being caught… and all it took was a petty feud from his past, to stitch him up and expose himself in a moment of weakness. I smirked to myself. Thomas was a smug bastard. He was enjoying this. He was enjoying seeing me so angry and pissed off, because he knew that I wouldn’t be able to do anything to him. I wouldn’t even be able to lay my hands on him without getting arrested. I was defenseless.
“What the fuck, bro?!” I shouted at Ijaz bitterly, my voice strung with venom.
“Come on bro, we need to go,” Ijaz hissed.
“That son-of-a-bitch!” I screamed. 
Ijaz grabbed hold of my fist, and started shoving me towards the exit door, but Thomas was still staring at me, smirking at me, with a look of victory on his face.
I tried to wriggle free from Ijaz's grasp, because my blood was boiling. Seeing Thomas looking so proud of himself made me want to spin his jaw, and smash his head against the wall until his skull cracked open and I squeezed the jelly from his brain.
“Come ON bro!” Ijaz shouted, and this time, I listened. I walked out of the club in a huff, the girls following my lead, looking awkward, uneasy and uncomfortable with what the hell had just happened.
“Fine!” I spat bitterly.
We stood outside of the club, dithering in the cold. I tried my best to cool down, but it was no use. I was pacing around, thinking of the ways that I would torture Thomas. It was like my mind had gone blank, when the whole reason I became a Mafia man in the first place was because of the feud that I had with him.
“Are you alright g?” Ijaz asked, concerned. “What was going in there? You were so fucking angry.”
“He was the guy who stabbed me!” I shot back bitterly. “He did!” 
Ijaz jolted back, startled. His face fell… It was like the blood had drained out of his face. He knew now that whatever the hell he was pissed off about earlier on in the club… was nothing compared to the hurt and anger that I was experiencing right now.
“No way…” Ijaz murmured, his expression just as blank and cold as Thomas’s had been earlier.
“Fuck, man,” he whispered. “I’m sorry.”
I rolled my eyes. Nothing that happened at the club tonight mattered… I only had my mind focused on one thing. 
Vengeance. 
I took a deep breath in, knowing that it wasn’t right for me to start making a commotion with the girls Chantelle and Maymunah here. I was talking to Ijaz alone, but they were both standing on the sidelines, with their arms folded awkwardly, looking miserable, waiting for us to finish our conversation. I felt a flood of sadness wash over me. The glint of happiness that I’d had tonight at the club meant nothing… At the end of the day, this was all my life boiled down to.
The Mafia.
Kill or be killed.
I sighed. I didn’t want to make myself more miserable than I already was, and make my mood even shitter than it already was. I turned back to Ijaz, after exchanging a lengthy, longing glance at Chantelle. 
“Just get me the fuck out of here before I do something I regret,” I said to Ijaz quietly.
“Alright,” Ijaz sighed, taking a deep breath in, and then led all of us back to his car, ready to get the hell out of Broad Street.

***

Ijaz dropped me off at my house first.
“Take care, bro,” he said awkwardly, shaking my hand over the car seat. 
“Thanks, man,” I replied exhaustedly. “If it wasn't for you, I would've killed that bastard right there and then.”
I sighed. I really did take Ijaz for granted sometimes. I didn’t show him how much I appreciated him, when he always saved me from stupid, fucked up situations like these. He was one of the only people in this life that I could trust. One of the only people that I could trust, who wouldn’t stab me in the back when things in the Mafia life got tough. He was the only man that I could rely on. Nobody else.
“There's a time and a place, man,” Ijaz shrugged. “It was a crowded club. You don't wanna face life in jail.”
“I know,” I sighed, feeling like shit all of a sudden. I needed to sleep this off… To start coming up with a strategy on how I was going to take down Thomas, once and for all… But not on a drunk fucking mind. I needed to be sober, as much as I just wanted to get to doing this right away. At least now I knew that Thomas was back in Birmingham…
I sighed, brushing off my thoughts. I didn’t need to involve Ijaz and the girls in my problems… it wasn’t any of their concern, and it would’ve been selfish of me to get them all caught in the cross-fire. They didn’t need to get caught up in my shit-show of a life.
“Anyway, I'm gonna bounce now,” I shrugged. “Thanks for dropping me off, bro.”
	I faced right, reaching for the car door handle, to get out of the car. Before I could, I felt a soft, slender hand with long, pointed nails touch mine, and my hand burnt underneath hers.
	Chantelle.
“Wait!” Chantelle said quickly.
“What is it?” I snapped, turning around to face her.
She jolted back, hurt by my reaction. I started to feel guilty. She was such a pretty, nice girl, and I was projecting my anger out from seeing Thomas onto her, when it was the last thing that she fucking deserved. She’d given some shine and light in my miserable life tonight, even if it was just one night, and for that, I had to be thankful to her. She was unlike any woman that I’d ever met before. I knew that I would have to make amends with her before I left.
“Yo I'm sorry Chantelle, it's just seeing Thomas has really put my mood off…” I sighed. I turned around to face her properly, lifting her chin up so that her eyes were burning into mine. There was so much sexual tension in the air right now, that you could cut it with a knife. Just looking at her filled me with a happiness… a burning desire that I couldn’t explain. I took a deep breath in, doing my best to pluck up the courage to tell her how I really felt.
“I promise, I really enjoyed getting to know you tonight,” I smiled, my eyes not leaving hers for a second. Her cheeks flushed pink, as she smiled uncontrollably, biting her lip as she stared at me. “You're gorgeous, I wouldn't have missed it for the world.”
I gave her a kiss on her cheek, but she slowly moved her hands up to my face, moving my mouth onto hers before I could pull back. My whole body felt like it was on fire, the minute that she pressed her lips onto mine. Her hand snaked around my neck, pulling me closer, as she parted her lips, granting my tongue access. I moved my hands around her back, sliding them up her dress, tracing circles on her bare skin as she moaned against my mouth. She wrapped her legs around me, flipping me around the car seat so that she was straddling my hips, grinding against the cloth of my trousers.
“Fuckkkk…” I moaned, as she dragged her nails across my chest, deepening the kiss. I was so hot for her… I was out of fucking breath. It felt like I was on cloud nine, and while I was with her, I forgot about all my real-life problems. All of the fucked up shit that was happening in my life.
Our kiss suddenly broke as I felt a massive knock on the car window. It was Maymunah.
“Can you guys hurry the fuck up? Some of us want to go home, you know,” Maymunah said sarcastically, and Ijaz roared with laughter. Chantelle’s cheeks flushed bright pink. Her hair was messy now, after my doing. Just a kiss from her was enough to get me all worked up… Imagine if I’d slept with her tonight. I would have rocked her world in a different way.
I’d completely forgotten that Maymunah and Ijaz were here, too. For a few minutes, it felt like it was just me and Chantelle…
	I jolted back, a little embarrassed that Ijaz and Maymunah had just witnessed the little show that I had with Chantelle. I hadn’t even noticed that they’d both made their way out of the car, and they were standing outside of it, waiting for us to finish.
	I coughed, turning back to Chantelle, trying to rescue the situation as Maymunah and Ijaz opened the car doors, sitting back into their seats again. “I’d better go…” I said awkwardly.
“It's fine, I understand,” Chantelle said sheepishly, her cheeks still burning. “I just wanted to…”
“Take my number, yeah?” I finished for her, biting my lip. Her messy look was just turning me on even more. It was taking me all I had in me not to throw her against the backseat again and start sucking on her neck, not giving a fuck whether Maymunah and Ijaz were still here anymore.
	Chantelle blushed crimson, her big blue eyes shining in delight, because she knew that we’d still be staying in touch.
“Here's my phone,” she smiled, passing it over to me. I started tapping my number into her phone. I knew it was wrong of me. I knew that Chantelle was a sexy, successful and nice woman, and I knew that it was selfish of me to carry on pursuing her, knowing that I was a criminal. Knowing that she deserved so much better than somebody like me, a man from the hood… But I couldn’t help myself. And I knew she couldn’t, either.
	Maymunah started giggling, and Ijaz cracked up into laughter again. 
“Oooooooo, do we have a romance emerging?” Ijaz teased. 
“Cuties,” Maymunah chuckled, and Ijaz burst out laughing again.
	I couldn’t help but feel heat flush to my cheeks. It felt like I was a pathetic school-boy again, and Chantelle was my crush. I rolled my eyes, and let out a little chuckle myself.
“Shut up, bro,” I grinned, and Chantelle gave me another kiss on the cheek.
“Bye, Louis,” she said softly.
	“Bye,” I said, kissing her earlobe, and then reached for the car door.
“I'll see you all later,” I shrugged, and then made my way out of the car, slamming the door behind me.

CHAPTER 17
OVERDOSED

MEANWHILE, BACK AT THE CLUB…

§    RANDOM STRANGER FROM THE CLUB    §

I made my way to the lavatories. I needed a piss. I was the only person left in the club now. The guy that I was going to go home with, was waiting outside the entrance, calling an Uber. It would be a good time for me to check how I looked, to make sure that my make-up was still intact, that my push-up bra was still in place, and that I freshened myself up a little.
	As soon as I entered the bathroom, I saw a girl with black hair and a floral midi-dress on, sprawled across the floor, unconscious. There was white, frothy liquid spilling out of her mouth. What the fuck happened here…?
I jolted back in shock, clutching my chest in fear. Had she overdosed on pills or something? I didn’t fucking know.
One thing I did know, was that I needed to get help… Because if she died here, that would be blood on my hands. I had to try to save her. I guess my lay for tonight was just going to have to wait.

§    THOMAS    §

I made my way to the bar. Where the fuck was my sister Amna? I’d searched nearly every damn room and private lounge in the whole club now. I shouldn’t have let her wander off on her own. I just got so distracted when I saw Louis here… talk about a fucking coincidence.
	I sighed heavily, trying to figure out where Amna could be. I went over to check the bar at the other side of the club, but she wasn’t there either. I rolled my eyes, getting pissed off and exhausted now. My patience was wearing thin. I just hoped that she would fucking turn up soon.
	I made my way to the Karaoke area, figuring that she might be there, because she fucking loved singing, and making herself look like a total prat in public. When I arrived at the Karaoke bar, she wasn’t there either!
This was getting fucking ridiculous now! Everybody had started leaving the club ages ago, and I still couldn't find her. At this moment in time, I was positive that I was the only person left in the building, and I was making myself look like an idiot, looking for somebody who clearly wasn’t here.
Amna better not be getting laid. My body shuddered at the fucking thought of my sister going home with a man. If I found out that she had… That man was getting beaten up.
I rolled my eyes again, trying to shut off my stupid thoughts. I was super pissed off right now, and I was fucking exhausted. I just wanted to go home, but I cared too much about my sister to leave without knowing where she was. I needed to know that she was safe, at least. Then I’d call it a fucking night. I wished I’d never brought her here, but she always moaned that I never let her do anything, or go anywhere, even though she was over eighteen now. I only brought her here to shut her up… and in the hope that she would realise that clubbing was overrated as fuck. It was just a bunch of drunk people dancing in a room, singing and looking for somebody to sleep with.
	I looked around the room, trying to figure out if I’d left anywhere unchecked. As I looked, I saw a woman walking towards me, with a worried expression on her face. At least I wasn’t the only one who was still in the club… And maybe this girl would be able to help me.
“Hello,” I said, smiling at her.
	She swallowed, and then smiled back. She looked like something was troubling her.
“Can you help me with something?” I asked, folding my arms. “Seeing as you're the only other person I can find in the club right now.”
“Sure,” she replied nervously. “What is it?”
“I was wondering if you've seen my sister anywhere,” I sighed exhaustedly. “She's a little tall, was wearing a blue and pink coloured floral dress, has a big black fringe that covers her eyes.”
	The girl jolted back, looking terrified.
“Ring any bells?” I asked, narrowing my eyes.
“Yes, I just saw a girl that looks like what you just told me!” she said, with a worried expression on her face. “I was just looking for somebody to…”
“Thank fuck,” I sighed, cutting off her sentence. I blew a sigh of relief. My sister was safe…
“Where is she?” I asked, shrugging.
“She was lying down on the bathroom floor,” the stranger said awkwardly, folding her arms uneasily. “I think she passed out.”
“WHAT?!” I roared. My blood felt like it was running cold. I couldn’t believe it… The one time I showed leniency towards my sister… The one time that I allowed her to go on a night out…
This was what fucking happened?! This is how the night panned out?!
I started screaming, shaking with rage. I was angry at myself. Angry at myself for not keeping a better eye on her… For getting distracted, rather than looking after her properly tonight…
A tear slid down my cheek as I bolted out of the karaoke room. I wasn’t a man that showed emotion. I’d grown up to become a stone-cold bastard. One that didn’t give a fuck about anybody’s feelings.
But when it came to my own family…
It was a different story.

***

When I walked into the toilets, I felt my heart stop beating. I saw Amna sprawled across the floor, white froth bubbling in her mouth.
“Amna!” I screamed, collapsing next to her. Heat thumped in my ears. My face went pitch white, as the blood drained out of it. I couldn’t believe what I was witnessing…
My sister. My only sister…
I couldn’t bear the thought of anything fucking happening to her.
“What the fuck happened to you?!” I yelled, trying to shake her body and get her to wake up. I put my fingers on her neck, feeling for a pulse…
But I couldn’t find one.
“WHY THE FUCK DIDN’T THAT WOMAN RING 999?!”
My heart thumped against my chest, hammering so hard that it felt like it was going to jump out. It felt like time had stopped moving.
Like the world had stopped rotating around me.
Everything I’d done in my life leading up-to this point…
It was all worthless.
None of it would matter if I lost my family…
If something happened to my family…
I tried my best to get myself together. To stop myself from having a panic attack…
I took deep breaths in and out.
A deep breath in.
And a deep breath out.
A deep breath in…
And a deep breath out.
	I took Amna’s face in my hands, trying to shake it and awaken her. “Come on, breathe!” I begged. “Can you hear me?!”
	I felt my body begin to shake into a frenzy. I was trembling with fear. I started screaming… Screaming for all that I was worth.
	Screaming until my voice went hoarse.
	Screaming until my throat went dry.
“She's not breathing!” I sobbed. “Fuck!”
I could hardly think. My head was all over the place, and it was hard for me to stay focused. My surroundings started blurring around me. I felt so fucking dizzy… at the sight of my sister’s unconscious body. It felt like something had snapped in me. How the hell did this happen?!
I took another deep breath in, shakily taking my phone out of my pocket. I brought it out into full focus, tapping the numbers nine, nine, nine into my keypad…
And then I brought my phone to my ear, my chest heaving upwards and downwards as I tried my best to keep it together. 
	“This is 999, what’s your emergency?”
“I need an ambulance at the Pryzm night-club right now!” I roared down the line. “My sister isn't breathing!”
	I hung up the phone angrily, letting it drop onto the floor, as I bent down next to my sister, tears sliding down my cheeks.
“You're going to be fine, sis,” I whispered, as my head continued to spin and screw up. “I promise…”
I stroked her hair, trying my best to stay strong for her sake. All I knew was that if somebody had set my sister up, or done this to her…
That motherfucker was going to pay.
I was going to get to the bottom of this. I was going to find out what happened.
No matter what it takes.

***

LATER ON THAT NIGHT…

I paced around the waiting room, as the doctors rushed Amna into the Intensive Medical Care unit. I was fucking terrified. For the first time in my life… I was genuinely fucking terrified.
	Terrified at the thought of losing my sister.
	She had to make it through this. She just had to.
	I’d never be able to forgive myself if she didn’t pull through. I’d spend the rest of my life blaming myself… and that was no way to live. I couldn’t live my life wondering what would have happened if I’d done things differently tonight, if I’d kept a better eye on her, if I’d never taken her clubbing…
	I couldn’t spend my life wallowing in self-pity.
	I took a deep breath in, as the doctor began striding towards me, snapping me out of my thoughts. I tried my best to remain calm, and not to break down in front of her. I needed to get myself together… I needed the doctor to reassure me that they were going to do all they could, and that everything was going to be okay…
	The doctor was standing in front of me now, and she took a deep breath in. I sighed heavily.
“Can I see her?” I asked desperately. “Please, I need to know that she's okay! She’s my sister!” I took another deep breath in. “Our mum will be worried sick…”
“I'm afraid you won’t be able to see her yet,” the doctor sighed. “We’re having to operate on her.”
“Operate?!” I asked, taken aback. “How serious is this fucking thing?!”
The doctor took another deep breath in… The thing that doctors always do whenever they’re about to deliver bad news. I could feel my blood running cold.
“I'm really sorry, but it seems that somebody spiked her drink with a date-rape drug…” The doctor breathed in heavily.
	I could feel my heart pounding in my ears. It felt like I was suffocating, and the walls were closing in around me. It felt like I couldn’t breathe.
“We're doing all we can to get the drugs out of her system,” the doctor went on. “Hopefully she'll be fine with a bit of time…”
“What the fuck!” I screamed. “You can’t even give me any reassurance that she’s going to be okay?!” I punched the wall, so hard that I could feel one of my bones snap. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up. “So you're telling me that somebody tried to take advantage of my sister?!” I roared. “THAT SOMEBODY TRIED TO RAPE MY SISTER?!”
“Where did you find her?” the doctor asked, her chest heaving upwards and downwards. She took a few steps back from me, maintaining our distance, like she was afraid of me.
“In the club toilets…” I broke off my sentence, as tears began sliding down my cheeks. The sheer thought… the horrifying fucking thought of somebody raping my sister… Made my blood run cold. Made me feel like I was a dead man walking, and being six feet under the ground would be better than living a miserable life like this…
“Well, men aren't allowed in girls' bathrooms, so if you ask the owner of the club to review the CCTV footage, maybe you'll get an idea of what happened,” the doctor tried, rubbing her chin in thought.
I took another deep breath in. The CCTV… Of course. Then I’d be able to get the full picture… To get to the bottom of what really happened at the club…
“Okay…” I responded timidly, sighing. I took another deep breath in. I felt like fucking shit. I left my sister alone for just half an hour, and a guy had already managed to get her on her own, and tried to take advantage of her…?
I'll find out who did this to you sis… I thought to myself, another tear sliding down my cheek, as I stared outside of the window of the room that she was having her operation in. And when I do, they're going six feet under.
I clutched the cross of Christ around my neck, and brung it up-to my face, kissing it and pressing it to my forehead.
Forgive me, Heavenly Father… For I have sinned.

§    LOUIS    §

I rattled my keys into the door, as I left Ijaz’s car to make my way back to the house. I made my way into the living room, to see Mum already there, looking pissed off, an angry expression written all over her face. I was surprised that she was still awake… But with the way she was looking at me, I just knew that she was about to lecture me and have a fit at me. I really couldn’t be arsed. I had enough of her always telling me what to do, and trying to take control of my life. I was eighteen soon, yet she still treated me like I was a fucking kid. 
"What did I say about staying out this late?" she sighed.
"Give me a break, Mum," I snapped harshly. I really wasn’t in the fucking mood to bicker with Mum. I had other things on my mind.
"Don't you dare give me that attitude!" Mum shouted. "I'm getting really worried about the boys that you're starting to hang around with these days."
"Stop being so clingy," I spat at her. "Expecting me to stay at home all the time like I'm still a little kid. It's not fair Mum. I'm always expected to just stay at home with you, cos you're always so fucking worried about where I am. It’s like I can’t even live my life or breathe in fucking peace, without you barking down my throat! Just piss off!"
"Shut your mouth," she said angrily. She looked hurt, but her facial expression was still as cold as ever. "You're acting like I'm forcing you to live with me. If you don't like it, then fucking leave! Get out of my house!"
I laughed nervously. She wasn’t kicking me out… Was she? Me and Mum always had arguments with each other as I grew up, but it never meant anything… We always fixed things, and sorted things out in the end. But now, I wasn’t so sure. She was saying and accusing me of things that she’d never accused me of before. “Mum, you don't mean that,” I tried. “Come on, go to sleep.”
Mum's facial expression was unpredictable. There was a long silence between us. "I do mean it," she said finally. "The amount of stress you're giving me is crazy. You don't know how many sleepless nights I've had recently. Wondering what you’re doing out all night. It feels like I’m losing my connection with you. Like you don’t need me anymore… Like you don’t care about me anymore.” Mum coughed up a sob. “You’re always out with your friends, and you’re hardly at home. You never have time for me, the woman who was there for you from the start." She paused, sniffing, her tears falling down onto the floor. "You're the type of boy who would go to jail for your friends and take the fall for them if they got caught doing something illegal, but wouldn’t even go to the corner shop for your mum."
I couldn't stand hearing this. It really hurt me. I was so vexed… So fucking vexed. I'd gone into the Mafia life for a better life, to provide better, and not feel like a bum to my mother. Yet she was saying all of these things to me. 
Didn’t she realise that everything I did… Everything that I was doing… I was doing for her? As fucked up as my lifestyle was, I’d put blood, sweat and tears into getting to the position I was in today. Owning a business, making so much money that my mum could live a luxury life. I wanted to prove myself to my mum that I was capable. That I was capable of achieving something. My whole life, she’d made me feel like a disappointment. The way she would lecture me endlessly, when I got bad grades at school. The way she bickered with me when I dropped out, and said that I would never become something if I didn’t get out of the hood, if I didn’t put myself through having a proper education… She always made me feel like I wasn’t good enough. She always made me feel like I wouldn’t get anywhere in life. And even now, when I was filthy rich, and making money that my mum would never have dreamt of two years ago, when she was still paying off her debts to High Court Enforcement officers… She still made me feel like I hadn’t done enough. She still guilt-tripped me about everything, and she still made me feel like no matter what I did, nothing would make her happy. Yes, I had a fucked up lifestyle. Yes, this wasn’t the best way to live my fucking life. But my mum didn’t know that I was a Mafia man… She thought I was a respected businessman, with a store in Bullring. And even though I’d made everything look legal on the outside, and had my mum believe that I was the owner of a legal enterprise… It just goes to show, that she would never be satisfied with anything that I did, legal or illegal. What was the fucking point in keeping up appearances anymore, when this was the headache that I was going to get for hustling and working hard?!
"What haven't I done for you, Mum?" I bellowed. "I've given you all this money, helped us to live properly again. Was a good son to you when Dad left.” I folded my arms, so pissed off that my blood was boiling to the point that it almost dried up. The words tumbled out of my mouth before I even had the chance to stop them. I knew that I was being too harsh, that it wasn’t fair to say something like this… But at this point, I was way past the point of caring about the consequences of my actions. “I'm starting to wish I'd just gone and lived with fucking Dad. But at least I have Steve now, who's done more for me than you ever have!”
Mum turned pale. It was like her blood had ran cold, just listening to what I’d just said to her. She swallowed, hard, and a tear slid down her cheek. I could feel my heart thump against my chest. When did I become so cold? When did I become such a stone-cold bastard, speaking to my own mother like this? She had every right to be mad, at the end of the day… Because all she’d given me in her life was love, yet all I’d given her in my life was failure. 
"Get out," Mum said coldly. “GET OUT!” She was screaming now. Mum had never spoken to me like this before… She’d never raised her voice at me like this… “Get the fuck out of my house, and don't even think about returning.” Mum swallowed, her voice dropping to barely a whisper. “You're dead to me now.”
I swallowed hard, but didn't dare to cry. My pride and my ego were too bruised to apologise, or to mend things with her. Deep down, I knew that there would be no coming back from this. That my mum would probably never forgive me for the harsh, bitter things that I said to her. I wished things didn’t have to be like this… But from the start of when I’d joined the Mafia, I knew that things would eventually fall apart with Mum, because of the amount that I had to dedicate to learning the game. This was the life I’d chosen, and now I had to live it…
All that was on my mind was Thomas. Seeking the revenge that I’d been planning to… And I knew just the person who would help me to do it. The man who was the very reason my friendship with Thomas turned into a feud in the first place…
I turned on my foot and walked out of the house, slamming the door hard behind me.

§    MUM    §

As I watched Louis walk away from me, I couldn’t help but to collapse to the floor, breaking down with tears. This wasn’t how I wanted the relationship with my son to end… To end in heartbreak and sadness. I immediately regretted everything that I said to him, because I knew that if I lost my son, I would have nothing left to live for…
	I just wished that Louis would understand why I always got so angry with him, and started arguments with him. Him getting so close and pally with Steve, especially now that he was growing up, was just worrying me, screwing with my head to the point of no return. Louis may be providing for me, but I was losing him in the process… And no amount of money would be able to make up for the amount of time that I’d lost, to spend with my son.
	I knew how hard my son had worked to get all he had today. I felt terrible for not believing in him while he was still in secondary school, and not realizing his true potential.
	It was just the fact that he’d gotten so close with Steve. What if Steve was starting to have a negative influence on him? What if Louis became just as toxic, abusive and manipulative as Steve was, towards other people? There was no way that the two of them could spend so much time together, yet Louis had no idea about Steve’s anger issues… He must have had an idea about them by now.
	I put up with so much with Steve for Louis’s sake. Everything that I did, and everything that I endured… All of the endless abuse and suffering, was all for Louis’s sake. If only he knew… yet he had no idea. If he found out, then he would know that he’d been living his whole life as a lie. I didn’t want to jeopardize him like that. I didn’t want him to hate me for not telling him… 
	But at least I had Matthew…

CHAPTER 18
VENGEANCE IS MINE

§    LOUIS    §

I got out my iPhone and began to ring Steve. I needed to tell him about Thomas. I had more important things on my mind right now than fixing things with Mum.
"Yo Steve," I said down the line.
"What is it now Louis?" Steve sounded pissed off and agitated, like he really couldn’t be arsed.
"Steve, I saw Thomas at the club with Ijaz. He shoved right past me, then stared at me for ages. I felt like killing the bastard right there on the spot." My blood ran cold as I recalled every minute that was exchanged between me and Thomas in the club tonight.
"You've found him?" Steve gasped. He sounded utterly shocked. "I think it's time we started making a plan to get rid of him once and for all, don't you Louis?"
"Yeah man," I said quietly, and my voice dropped to barely below a whisper. “I want him dead.” I took a deep breath in, my chest heaving upwards and downwards. I'm sparing him no mercy."
"That's the way to go," Steve said encouragingly. "I'm proud of you, Louis. You've really fit in properly with the Mafia, and taking over the position that I had."
"Thanks Steve," I said, smiling down the line, and then suddenly remembered about the tiff that I had with Mum. "Yo, I wanted to ask if I could crash at your place for a few nights. Mum kicked me out. We had an argument, and it was pretty fucking heated. I don’t think she’s going to let me move back in with her anytime soon… I said some really nasty shit to her, and she did the same to me.” I broke off my sentence, taking another deep breath in that I didn’t know I was holding. I was speaking about my Mum so casually right now… but the reality was, I didn’t know what I’d do without her. If I lost her… Everything that I’d worked for up to this point in my life meant nothing.
"Linda's always coming up with an excuse to argue with you," Steve sighed, sounding even more pissed off and agitated than before now that she had been mentioned. "It’s better for you to get away from her for good. All she's ever done is hold you back.” There was a small crackle down the line, before Steve said the next words. “You've got me now, Louis.” He let out another sigh. “You've got me.”
It was at that moment, I felt special. I'd earnt the respect of my stepfather. Who needed a dad, when I had a father figure right here, who looked out for me like nobody else would? Sure, me and Steve had had our disagreements as I grew up. The way he would disappoint me, and not spend much time with me. But it was all because of business… and now that I’d become a part of the Mafia myself, I understood how much dedication and commitment it required. It was no walk in the fucking park, so I was more understanding now as to why Steve always used to let me down as a kid. He was just too busy.
"Alright, I'm on my way," I said. I dialled off, and started walking to his house, stopping at the corner shop on the way.

MEANWHILE…

§    THOMAS    §

I made my way down to the security office at my friend’s basement. My friend Hunter was part of the Juarez cartel, so he got the privilege of being the man that overlooked security. He had access to a powerful security system, that was able to cross-search and trace faces and see whether they had pulled up at any traffic cameras, and so on.
	Hunter sat behind his computer, his long black hair tied up in a manbun, his pale green eyes narrowed with concentration. 
“Hunter, did you find out which bastard drugged my sister yet?” I asked authoritatively, folding my arms. I took a deep breath in, sighing. “You're the only person that I can rely on, man. I know that you'd find out shit ten times quicker than if I asked the club owner to do it.”
	I rolled my eyes, a screw-face expression written all over my face. The longer the time I wasted here, trying to find the motherfucker responsible behind this shit… The less time I had to spend with my sister in hospital, praying for her to recover, for her to be okay, and for her to pull through the operation.
“Actually, I did,” Hunter shrugged, getting up from his seat and walking towards me.
“Well?!” I demanded. “Who was it?!”
Hunter folded his arms uncomfortably as he stared at me. “You don't look too good man,” he commented, scratching his neck awkwardly. “How's your sister doing?” He stared at me, with a concerned expression on his face.
I took a deep breath in, feeling miserable again as I remembered my sister being operated on in Intensive Care. “They're saying she'll survive, but she's in a really bad condition at the moment.” My voice broke off. I had to try and keep it together. I knew that Hunter wouldn’t judge me for crying, because he was a good friend… But I had to keep it together so that my mind would be focused on getting vengeance for my sister.
“All I know is that no-one fucks around with my sister and gets away with it,” I spat bitterly, my eyes bloodshot. “If I find out that some bastard tried to rape her, I'm going out for bodies…”
“Nobody raped her, man,” Hunter said flatly, cutting me off my sentence. 
Nobody raped her…? Then what the fuck happened? Why the fuck would somebody drug my sister for no reason…?
“Then what the fuck happened?!” I roared, my patience wearing thin. I needed answers, and I needed them now.
“From what I can see on the CCTV, she went up to some strangers and asked for a drink,” Hunter said, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. I folded my arms angrily, knowing that I would be pissed off at what he was about to tell me.
“I think the man meant his girlfriend to drink it, because when your sister Amna drank it, he started screaming and made his way out of the club,” Hunter went on. He took a deep breath in, staring at me awkwardly. “It looks like he got pissed off that the wrong girl drank it, and wanted to leave before the girl fainted so that he wouldn’t have to take responsibility for his fucked up actions.”
“What the fuck!” I shouted angrily. My blood was boiling to the point that it almost dried up. “The bastard let my sister drink the damn drink, and then ran away before he could get caught?!”
I balled my hand into a fist, punching my knuckles together.
“He's not gonna get away with this!” I roared.
“Yeah I know,” Hunter sighed. “What a bastard, man. If he’d stayed and tried to help her, and called the ambulance straight away, then maybe your sister wouldn’t be in intensive care. The doctors would have been able to get the drugs out of her system a lot faster.”
Hunter was right. Even though this motherfucker never meant to take advantage of my sister… He still intended to take advantage of somebody else. His girlfriend. And that shit was unforgivable. Rape and sexual abuse was unforgivable. It didn’t matter that my sister hadn’t been assaulted as a result of her taking the drink. That motherfucker that stood by her and watched her drink it, while doing nothing, still had to pay, for being the low-life scum that he was. He needed to be taught a fucking lesson. 
“Do you have a photo of the guy?” I asked, rubbing my chin in thought.
Hunter stared at me blankly.
“I wanna see how he looks,” I admitted, shrugging.
“Sure,” said Hunter. 
He started flicking through his phone, looking for photographs of the footage that he’d taken. As soon as he’d found one, he lifted his phone to my face, so that I could get a good view of who it was.
	As soon as Hunter showed me, I felt the colour drain out of my face. It felt like my heart had stopped thumping. 
	I couldn’t believe my fucking eyes… Yet at the same time, I wasn’t surprised… Of course it was him. Of course it was going to be him, that low-life bastard. There was a reason that I saw him at the club that night… 
Some may call it a coincidence, but I called it fate.
“Do you know this dude or something?” Hunter asked, looking taken aback by my reaction.
“Do you remember when I told you that I saw Louis at the club?” I said thoughtfully, folding my arms.
Hunter narrowed his eyes. “Yeah, that bastard…”
“The bastard who drugged my sister is none other than Louis's best fucking friend!” I screamed. “Ijaz. That’s his fucking name.” I drew a deep breath in, as my blood continued to run cold. “I saw them leaving the club together. Ijaz was trying to stop the pussy-hole Louis from fighting me when he saw me.”
I folded my arms angrily, even more pissed off than I already was. Hunter started roaring with laughter.
“We were supposed to be burying Louis six feet under a long time ago, man,” Hunter spat bitterly. “I don't know why that bastard is still alive and walking.”
“Yeah, well I fell out of the game for a while,” I said quietly, my voice dropping to barely below a whisper. “But now I'm back, and I'm out for revenge.” I took a deep breath in. “Louis and Ijaz are going to pay.”
	Fucking low-life scum, the pair of them. I knew that I’d left Birmingham for two years, to get my head together, cover my tracks, and focus on my mental health and wellbeing, as well as save my own ass from getting stabbed in the street. It would have been stupid of me to stay in Birmingham, when Louis had been hiring hitmen left, right and center to kill me in exchange for money. Birmingham wasn’t safe for me for a long time… But I had somebody watching over Louis while I was gone, to make sure that he’d given up on finding me, before I returned. So that it was safe for me to come back…
	And I knew that when Louis saw me again tonight, he wouldn’t hire a single damn hitman, or a contract killer. He would want to deal with me himself. And that put me at an advantage. Because I didn’t have to worry about being chased or pursued by more than one man.
	It would just be Louis that I had to deal with.
	It meant that this whole thing was going to be a lot less messy than I initially thought it would be. At first, I thought that I would have to deal with witnesses, sidekicks, and a shit ton of men behind him… But it turned out, that this was just going to be between him and I.
	Both of us settling a life-long feud, which resulted in one of us having to kill the other.
	And I knew that I didn’t want to be the one who died.
	“You have to watch your back, Thomas,” Hunter warned, cutting me off my thoughts. “Louis is the kingpin of his stepfather’s Mafia now… He has a lot of power and influence. You need back-up if you want to go to war with him…”
	“Don’t worry about me, Hunter,” I murmured. “He won’t want the back-up of any of his men. He’ll want to do this on his own.”
	Hunter stared at me uncomfortably, and I turned around, immersed in my thoughts again.
	Louis and Ijaz both needed teaching a fucking lesson. They were both part of a Mafia that had a lack of morals, value and respect. I wasn’t an innocent man myself, but I only ever killed scum who deserved it. Scum like Ijaz, who spiked a woman’s drink… Didn’t deserve to be here in the first place. And scum like Louis, who double-crossed me, the only friend he had who was there for him from the very beginning… This was a blood feud, and he wasn’t going to get away with what he did to me.
	Vengeance is mine.

§    LOUIS    §

Fucking hell… I needed some food to eat, man. Thank fuck there was a corner shop open at this time. I didn’t even know what the fucking time was, anymore. Maybe 5AM… Or half past 5AM. I walked in to the corner shop, to buy a box of Pringles. Then I walked to the back of the shop to grab a bottle of Coca Cola. Fuck yes, I was going to devour this shit. As I turned around, I bumped right into a man with his jacket put on tightly. I could barely see his face.
"Sorry," I said awkwardly, and walked past him to get a Boost bar from the shelf. I turned around, trying to think about what else I wanted to buy. As I did, the man put his heavy hand on my shoulder. I was getting creeped out by him now. 
Was he following me or something?
I stared at him, with a bitter expression on my face. He didn’t know who he was messing with. "What are you doing bruv?" I snapped. "I'm trying to shop here."
The man lifted the hood off his face and his full complexion became apparent. He had a black face, black, Afro-textured hair, a scruffy, rugged beard, a scar through his right eyebrow, another scar through his left eye…
"Hello, son," he said.
No. 
It couldn't be him. 
It couldn't be.
I felt my heart pounding in my ears. It was like the world had stopped rotating around me. I couldn’t believe my fucking eyes. I couldn’t believe what I was witnessing…
It felt like I was trapped in a bad dream…
And I couldn’t wake up.
"It's been a long time," he went on.
"Dad?" I asked, clutching my chest in fear. I was in shock. I was feeling a mixture of confusion, pain, hurt… Sadness. 
I couldn't face this. I couldn’t face him. I dropped all of the goods that I’d just collected from the shelves, and sprinted out of the shop.
I ran and I ran and I ran. One foot in front of the other, repeatedly… I didn’t know what to think. My heart was pounding against my chest so hard, that it felt like it was going to jump out. I could feel angry tears streaming down my face. What the fuck was my dad doing here, when he hadn’t been here for me throughout my whole childhood? Why was he suddenly popping up into my life out of the blue? Why was he casually approaching me in the store, saying Hi to me, like it was nothing? Like he’d never done anything wrong?
Like he hadn’t abandoned me for all of these years?
This had to be some sort of sick joke. It had to be…
When I was sure that my father was out of sight, I sat down on a bench to catch my breath. He probably wouldn’t be able to find me now. I whipped out my iPhone from my pocket, ready to call Steve again. I had to tell him about what the fuck just happened… I was wondering if he’d known anything about this. If he’d known that my father was back in Birmingham, out of the blue.
Before I could tap the numbers of Steve’s line into my phone, I saw Dad approach me again. He was running at a fast speed, and I felt my blood run cold. I dropped my phone, gulping. My body began shaking and trembling uncontrollably.
"What are you doing here?" I shouted, as my dad took steps closer to me, almost cornering me. “What do you want from me?!” I screamed, so loud that my throat went dry and my voice went hoarse. I screamed until I could scream no more. “Get away from me!”
"You're to stay away from your stepdad," he said slowly, his voice dropping to barely below a whisper. "Stay the fuck away from him!" A screw-face expression was written all over his face. He looked so angry at the mention of my stepfather Steve, that it looked like he was about to murder.
"How do you know I still talk to Steve?" I swallowed, and I furrowed my eyebrows together, sweating… Wondering how the hell my father knew so much about my life, when he hadn’t even been in the picture in the first place. When he’d abandoned Mum, when she needed him the most. He had no right to project his anger out on Steve. He couldn’t blame Mum for having a second marriage and wanting to be happy again, especially after what he did… Especially after he left her…
Dad sighed heavily, his chest heaving upwards and downwards as he took deep breaths in and out. "I have my ways," he said slowly, clutching his chest in sadness. He stared at me… and for a minute, I saw genuine concern and fear written all over his face. It made my blood run cold. I felt another tear slide down my cheek. 
“Son, your stepdad's bad news…” Dad said exhaustedly, and took another deep breath in, as if to show me that he was about to tell me some bad news. “He's involved in the Mafia business!”
I folded my arms uneasily. My father was telling me to stay away from my stepfather because he was involved in the Mafia business… Yet he had no idea that I was involved in it, myself. And the very thought of that made me become overwhelmed with feelings of guilt and sadness, that began eating me up inside.
“I don't want that life for you,” Dad said timidly. “It's kill or be killed in that kind of world, once you're in there's no way out…” 
Dad broke off his sentence, trying his best to compose himself and keep himself together. 
“I want you to have a good life!” Dad shouted, a tear sliding down his cheek. “Not a life where you've gotta constantly look over your shoulder… Not a life where your life can be on the line at any time…” 
I continued to stare at him blankly. It was like I’d suddenly forgotten how to speak. I couldn’t get any words out. 
I didn’t even know what to say.
It felt like the walls were closing in around me. Like I was suffocating, and I was about to have a panic attack. I tried my best to get a grip over myself, to try to control the situation…
“Louis, you have so much potential, get away from your stepdad while you still can!” Dad begged, and he broke down into sobs.
Seeing my father after all this time… My real father, approaching me randomly after over a decade of me not seeing him… Giving me advice, out of genuine concern…
It was screwing with my mind to the point of no return.
Part of me wanted to believe that he was being sincere. Part of me wanted to believe that if he’d gone to all this trouble of finding me, and giving me this advice, must have meant that he really cared about me, wanted me to take the advice, and save my own ass while I still could…
Because everything that he was saying was right. Everything that he was saying was everything that I needed to listen to…
But it was like my brain had shut off. I didn’t want to listen to him. I didn’t want to take his advice. Because I was just so fucking angry… So fucking angry that he decided to storm into my life now, out of the blue, thinking that he would be able to make amends, thinking that I would just forgive him for everything that he put me through…
He had another thing fucking coming.
Rage boiled over me. I had an angry, spiteful and bitter expression written all over my face. I was so angry, it took me all I had in me to not punch my dad right there and then, and beat him till he was blue in the face.
“Why are you acting like you care all of a sudden?!” I roared. “You haven't been in touch with me since I was a fucking kid!”
“Son, I know this isn't the best time to pop up into your life…” Dad began timidly, another tear sliding down his cheek. “But I had to warn you! I found out that you've been involved with your stepdad, and…”
“And what?!” I bellowed, cutting him off his sentence. He's been the father figure to me you never were! Don't you dare insult him!”
Dad jolted back, hurt by my words and my reaction. I was past caring at this point. He deserved every spiteful thing that I fucking said to him.
Dad took a step back. "I'm not here to come back into your life if you don't want me to,” he said timidly. “I'm just here to warn you. Stay away from him Louis. Stay away."
He had a timid expression on his face. Like his heart was truly and utterly shattered and broken…
It felt like somebody had stabbed a dagger in my own heart, and was twisting it. My blood was roaring in my ears now, and tears were sliding down my own cheeks.
I swallowed long and hard, and then started to step away from him. I’d reached my brink. I couldn’t listen to, or hear, any more words that came out of his mouth…
I picked my phone up from the ground, shoving it into my pocket, and then sprinted.
This time… he didn't follow me.

CHAPTER 19
NOSTALGIA

§    ABID    §

I walked down Corporation Street, ready to make my way to town and go to Dixy’s Chicken Shop to buy myself some food. The city center was so crowded and busy…
	Yet I still felt empty and alone. No matter how many people I surrounded myself with, and no matter how many people were around me.
	I lit my cigarette with my lighter, and took long, deep drags of it, in and out, as I stood outside of McDonald’s. I took an inhalation in, and an inhalation out. An inhalation in… and an inhalation out.
	And then I took a deep breath in, feeling miserable.
I was so sick of feeling like fucking shit. It had been years since Aliyah died now…
So why did she still haunt me wherever I fucking went? No matter how hard I tried to shut away the memories that I had with her, no matter how hard I tried not to think about her…
She was still in my mind, still torturing my heart, still screwing with my mind to the point of no return.
I loved that bitch so much…
She was lying to me the whole time, but she was willing to let me walk free from going down with the feds out of her love for me...
And Trex had to fucking kill her!
	I lit up another cigarette, and began smoking it angrily. 
I needed to fucking move on… I could have any girl I wanted. I had the power to bring married women to their fucking knees. Women always approached me whenever I went out, asking me for my number, asking me if I was interested in going out with them…
But it just hurt so fucking much. It hurt so fucking much that I’d lost Aliyah, the only woman that I’d ever loved.
She was the only girl that I ever had romantic feelings for, and she had to fucking do this to me. She had to leave a hole in my heart when she left me, and passed away…
But the fucked up thing is, I'd trade my life for hers any day.
	I was so miserable. So fucking miserable. I didn’t want to live my life like this anymore. Knowing that every day would be a battle with my own demons. A battle with my mental health.
I couldn't bear this fucking pain anymore.
I took the last puff of my cigarette, and then stomped it onto the ground. Even smoking wasn’t making me feel any better anymore. Nothing would be able to make me feel better. 
Absolutely nothing…
I reached back into my pocket, ready to take out a third cigarette. I needed to black out the pain… To relieve my stress, to numb it somehow…
But before I could take out another cigarette, my phone began to ring.
I rolled my eyes, agitated. I really couldn’t be arsed speaking to anybody right now. Who the fuck was calling me now?
I just wanted one fucking day of peace, without doing dirty jobs for Steve… I just wanted a day to myself. I just wanted to forget about the real world, and my lifestyle for a while…
My own mental wellbeing was suffering as a result of it.
I rolled my eyes again, suddenly pissed off. I brought my phone up to my face, ready to check who the hell was calling me.
I wasn’t even surprised when I saw the name that was blaring across the screen.
It was Trex.
	I took a deep breath in, knowing that I couldn’t ignore him, as much as I wanted to. Me and Trex had killed hundreds of people in our lives… It would be hypocritical of me to stay mad at him forever, for killing the only woman that I ever loved…
	Because God knows how many men I robbed from their wives, when I killed them. How many men I robbed a family of… When I killed them…
	I sighed. The sad thing was, that I didn’t even fucking feel guilty about my lifestyle. I didn’t show any remorse for my way of life, and the amount of people I’d mercilessly murdered. I’d been groomed and fashioned into this life from a young age. I’d taught myself to be stone-cold, and to shut off emotions and feelings. I didn’t choose this life… This life chose me.
	Only Aliyah had seen my naked, raw emotions on the surface. The real me. And now that she was gone, depression was biting me in the ass. My mind was always torturing itself. It felt like I had no purpose in life, no reason to live anymore…
	I tried my best to eliminate my thoughts just for a few minutes, because I needed to answer Trex’s call. I sighed heavily, doing my best to get myself together.
“What's up, my brother?” I asked Trex, sighing down the line.
“Hey bro, I'm bare bored man,” Trex said on the other side of the line. “Do you wanna hit the club? I need to get laid.”
Trex spoke in an excited tone. I rolled my eyes, agitated. This was what he was fucking ringing me for? Here was me thinking that it was going to be something important. I didn’t want to fucking go clubbing. If it was up to me, I’d spend the rest of my life in my bed, feeling miserable and wallowing in self-pity.
“I'm not in the mood for clubbing, bro,” I sighed, rolling my eyes again. 
“Come on man, don't do me like that,” Trex exclaimed. “We haven't been out for ages. We should take a break from work for once.”
I sighed. Trex just really didn’t know how to take a fucking hint sometimes.
“I'm meeting you at the club in an hour, whether you like it or not. I’ll pick you up outside your apartment if that’s what you want,” Trex hissed, and hung up the phone angrily.
“But-”
I sighed. My sentence was cut off, as the line went dead. I didn’t even get the chance to protest, because he fucking hung up on me.
I was fucking agitated. The last thing I needed was to go clubbing, and pretend to have a good time, when inside, I would just be feeling miserable, wanting to kill myself.
But on the other hand… I knew that Trex never took no for an answer. He would be coming to pick me up in an hour, and he would drag me into his car and take me clubbing, whether I liked it or not.
I chuckled to myself, and then realized that I was probably making myself look like a prat in public, smiling to myself with all of these people walking around. I sighed heavily.
You know fucking what…?
I was going to go to the club tonight. I needed to move on and stop fucking wallowing in self-pity.
Aliyah was dead, and there was no changing that. I needed to cheer myself up, and try to meet someone new. Maybe I would meet a pretty girl at the club tonight, and maybe, just maybe, if I gave her a proper chance…
She would be able to make me feel the way Aliyah once did. 
I nodded to myself. I knew that the chances of me finding a girl who even compared to Aliyah would probably be slim, but I had to try. Suicide was just a pussy way out of life… And it wasn’t something that I was prepared to do, or had the guts to do. 
Life is what you make it… And I was still young. I still had time to feel better. I still had so many years ahead of me…
I took a deep breath in that I didn’t know I was holding, and made my way out of Bullring, ready to go back to my apartment, get changed, and then go to clubbing with Trex.

***

I changed into a fitted t-shirt that displayed my tribal tattoo on my arm, while teasing the pecks of my muscles underneath my shirt. I gave my beard a trim, so that there was just rough stubble on my face, and I put on some Georgio Armani perfume. I looked good, and I was confident that I looked good enough to approach some ladies tonight.
I waited for an hour outside of my apartment for Trex to arrive in his car, but he didn’t even fucking arrive. I figured that he would be at the club already, to see whether I would come or not if he hadn’t offered me a lift.
	I rolled my eyes. I knew Trex too well.
	I took my phone out of my pocket, and opened my Uber app, ready to call an Uber to drop me off to the night club.

***

After showing my ID to the bouncer, I made my way into the club, to see Trex standing outside of the entrance, with a drink in a red cup in his hand that he was sipping from. I gave him a grin, and he grinned back.
“Wow, you actually came,” he laughed, staring at me with a surprised look on his face. “I was starting to think that you stood me up.”
	I rolled my eyes.
“I needed a fucking night out, to be honest,” I admitted sheepishly.
Trex roared with laughter. “I knew you’d thank me for suggesting to come here tonight,” he grinned. “You need it, bro. You’re always so tired and miserable. It’s time for you to loosen up and feel good about yourself again. Forget about work for tonight.”
I nodded in appreciation. Sure, Trex was a complete dickhead sometimes. But other times, he was a big softie, and he looked out for me like nobody else would. He was my day one brother. One of the only friends I had, out of the few people that I associated myself with.
“Come on bro, let's get wasted,” Trex said excitedly, dusting himself off, and then we made our way to the bar, while everybody else in the club danced on the dance-floor, to a song called Still by Snoop Dogg and Dre.

***

When we made our way to the bar, I ordered myself a Gin and Tonic, and a Vodka Cranberry for Trex. I started sipping on my drink, letting the alcohol intoxicate me. It had been so long since I had a fucking drink.
	Trex seemed to be distracted. He was looking away from me, his eyes fixated on something in front him. 
“Do you want a shot too, bro?” I offered, holding his Vodka Cranberry in my hand, as I continued to drink my own drink from my other hand.
	Trex didn’t respond, his eyes still fixated on something else. I rolled my eyes, pissed off. He could at least try to talk to me if he was going to invite me on a night out.
“Are you fucking deaf?” I asked, folding my arms, and slamming our drinks back down on to the bar stand. 
“What?” Trex said thoughtfully, still not paying attention.
I narrowed my eyes, trying to figure out what he was looking at. And then I realised.
He was staring at a girl.
The girl was short, with platinum blonde hair, dark brown eyes, plump red painted lips, and she was wearing a pink mini-dress. Meh. She wasn’t my type… But she was definitely Trex’s type.
We’d only been at the club for five minutes, and Trex couldn’t keep it in his fucking pants. Wasn’t the point of clubbing to enjoy yourself and get pissed for four hours, and then find a girl to go home with?
I rolled my eyes again, agitated. “Stop fucking drooling over that chick and have a beer!” I said exhaustedly.
“Hmm,” Trex murmured.
“Oh, for fuck's sake,” I retorted bitterly, knowing that once Trex had set his eyes on something, it was almost impossible to get his attention. I rolled my eyes for a third time, sipping on the rest of my drink angrily, trying to finish it and have the alcohol burn in my throat, sending sensations throughout my body.
	By the time I finished my drink, when I looked back up, Trex had already walked over to the girl that he’d been checking out earlier. I needed this man’s self-confidence. I was ten times as good-looking as he was, and he was pretty ugly, yet he didn’t even fear rejection.
“What's a beautiful girl like you doing in the club all alone?” Trex said coyly, winking at her. The girl giggled, and Trex scratched his neck awkwardly.
Was he blushing?
I made a retching sound. Just the sight of the two of them talking to each other was enough to make me cringe and want to puke.
“I lost my friend and I can't find her anywhere,” the girl admitted, shrugging. “So I came to the bar.”
“Well I'd be happy to keep you company, babe,” Trex said, biting his lip.
Wasn’t it supposed to be the girl who bit her lip?
The girl started blushing furiously. I felt like a fucking third-wheel. I couldn’t bear to watch this cringe-fest any longer.
“That's fucking gross,” I said to myself, repulsed. “I'm not standing around to watch this shit.”
	I dusted myself off, throwing my cups on to the floor and crumpling them with my shoe, because I figured that I had enough alcohol for tonight. I didn’t want to get hammered to the point that I felt dizzy or I could barely walk, and then have Trex drag me back to my apartment. Nah, that was too embarrassing.
	I looked around the club, knowing that if I started dancing on my own, I would look like a fucking twat. Trex had ditched me, so my only option left now was to approach a girl too, just like he had. It would be the only way to stop myself looking like a complete loner, and have some company for the night… and maybe even take her home, and have sex with her. I hadn’t had sex ever since Aliyah died; I’d been in such a depressive state. But I knew that I’d came here tonight in an attempt to move on… So it was time for me to take a girl home, and make myself feel better. Sex always made everything better… Always.
	I rubbed my chin in thought, trying to make out the different girls in the club. There were girls wearing maxi dresses, showing hardly any skin… There were curvy girls, who had huge tits, but no ass. And then there were girls who had a huge ass, but no tits. And then there were girls who had neither big tits nor a big ass.
	I liked my women all shapes and sizes. Thick, thin, and everything in-between. But the type of women that I loved the most were the ones who had hourglass figures, with big tits, a small waist, and a big ass to pair with it. It made sex so much more fun, being able to suck on some fat nipples, while slapping their ass and have their hips grinding against mine.
	And as if by fate…
	I saw a girl at the other side of the club, who exactly matched my description.
	She was wearing a tiny red mini-dress. She had thick, curly dark brown hair. She had long legs, thick thighs, and a huge ass. Her arms were bare, along with her shoulders, and her mini-dress was cut open from the back, leaving little to the imagination.
	Goddamn!
	I licked my lips in anticipation. She had her back turned, and she was dancing on her own, so I couldn’t see what she looked like… But just her view from behind was enough to make me feel weak to the knees.
	I dusted myself off, trying to make sure that I still looked as good as I did when I got changed before the club. 
	And then I started walking towards her, ready to approach her. I tried to think of something smooth to say to her to grab her attention.
“Hey gorgeous,” I said coyly, touching her arm so that she would know that I was talking to her, out of all of the other girls in the club, because it was so noisy, and the music was so loud.
The girl slowly turned around to face me, and when she did…
I could feel my heart stop beating.

§    ALIYAH    §

I clutched my chest in fear. My whole body began shaking into a frenzy. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I couldn’t comprehend what was happening…
I felt my whole body set on fire as I saw Abid before me after all these years. It couldn't be him, after all this time...
I could smell his familiar scent, and hear the same voice that used to drive me crazy after all this time. He looked sexier than ever, in his tight top that fitted and defined his muscles, his jeans, his rugged, stubbled and chiseled jawline, his milky brown chocolate skin, his thick eyebrows, his tattoos, his scars…
But I needed to snap out of my trance. I needed to get out of here, fast. Because he thought that I was dead for all of these years…
Just because I was seeing him now, and according to him, I had miraculously risen from the dead… Would mean that he knew I’d spent all this time breathing, yet I didn’t contact him. I spent all this time breathing, yet I left him to suffer without me. I spent all this time breathing… Yet I didn’t let him know, and made him learn to live without me…
He wouldn’t understand why I did what I did. He would hate me for leaving him. He would hate me, and assume the worst…
My heart throbbed against my chest. I bit my lip, trying my best not to break down and cry. It felt like I was frozen to the spot, and I couldn’t move. It felt like the walls were closing in around me, and I was suffocating. It felt like there was nobody else in the club. It felt like the music had stopped. My ears were pounding, and I couldn’t even get any words out. It was like I’d suddenly forgotten how to speak. It was like I’d forgotten I had a voice.
His gaze burned into mine, and I could see the hurt, the pain… the betrayal in his own eyes. 
“Aliyah?!” he denied. His heart was beating so loudly, that I could hear it myself, even over all of the music. A single tear slid down from my own cheek, and fell to the ground.
“No, no, it can't be…” Abid clutched his chest, tears spilling out of his cheeks. 
	I couldn’t bear to watch him cry.
	I couldn’t bear the thought of me being the cause of his tears.
	The thought of me being the reason behind his hurt.
	Me being the reason behind his miserableness.
	His sadness.
	He didn’t deserve somebody like me… Somebody who caused him so much hurt and heartache.
	So I did the only thing that I could do.
	I ran.
	I bolted out of the room, running as fast as I could, one step in front of the other, as far as my legs would carry me…
	And all I could hear, as I left the club…
	Was Abid’s blood-curdling scream, that was loud enough to be heard from two cities away.

CHAPTER 20
WHERE WERE YOU WHEN I NEEDED YOU?

§    ABID    §

I texted Trex frantically. There was no way in hell that he was going to fuck things up, now that I'd just seen Aliyah alive in the flesh.
I needed answers, and I needed them now.
I went out for a smoke and met a chick outside, I texted him. Going over to her flat. Don't wait up for me.
	I hung up my phone angrily, shoving it back into my pocket… And then I started to bolt out of the room, running as fast as my legs could possibly carry me. Aliyah had been wearing high-heels, so she couldn’t have got that far.
	My head was thumping, and my whole body was throbbing. Part of me wanted to believe that I was hallucinating. That it was just my fucked up brain playing tricks on me again. But deep down, I knew it wasn’t. I hadn’t imagined seeing Aliyah after all of this time.
	I thought she was fucking dead!
	She looked different. She’d changed her look. She used to have short hair, tanned skin, heart-shaped lips. Her lips were now a lot fuller, her hair had been dyed, and it was a lot longer, and her skin was no longer tanned. 
She looked sexier than ever.
	A million questions shot through my brain at once. Millions of unanswered questions. How the hell did she survive? Where had she been all this time? And why was she back in Birmingham after all of these years?
	And seeing as she was alive…
	Why the fuck didn’t she contact me?
	Why did she let me suffer?
	Why did she allow me beat myself up every night, torturing myself, hurting myself…
	Because I blamed myself for her death?
	I could feel my heart thump in my throat. Tears slid down my cheeks as I ran. I needed to get it together.
	I needed answers.
	And I needed them now.

§    ALIYAH    §

I barely made it to the end of the street, before I started wobbling and lost my balance, struggling in my heels. I sighed, exhausted, wondering why the hell I’d decided to wear these shoes tonight of all nights. It was no use. My feet wouldn’t be able to carry me any further… 
Abid would catch up with me. 
It was inevitable.
	I clutched my chest with my hands, my heart hammering against it. By now, the sweat on my face had been mingled with my tears. My heart almost stopped beating as I heard Abid’s voice behind me.
“ALIYAH!” he screamed. “Don't fucking run away from me!”
	I screamed, jolting back at the suddenness. I could feel my heart being ripped apart. I didn’t know what to say, or what to fucking do. 
Nothing would be able to rectify this situation.
	Abid folded his arms angrily, a stone-cold expression on his face. He slowly took steps towards me, and I froze to the spot in fear. He was bound to be angry with me. He had every right to be…
	The only thing I was scared about was how he would project that anger.
“You better have a good fucking explanation for this,” Abid said quietly, his voice dropping to barely below a whisper. “For all these years…”
Abid shook his fists angrily, thumping them both together, and tears continued to slide down my cheeks.
“I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD!” Abid roared. “I put myself through all that torture…” He broke off his sentence, taking his head into his hands. “Drained myself mentally thinking that this was all my fault…” He slowly tilted his face back upwards, as he stared into my eyes, rage boiling over his face. “AND I SEE YOU SHAKING YOUR ASS IN THE FUCKING CLUB?!”
Abid screamed again, cornering me, and punched the wall hard behind me. I jolted up in fear, as he punched the wall again, his knuckles now swollen and bloody.
	“Do I scare you, Aliyah?” he whispered.
“Abid, I – I can explain!” I said desperately.
“OH YOU BET YOU FUCKING CAN!” Abid roared. 
“I - I…” I tried.
“Not here,” Abid spat bitterly, cutting me off my sentence. He took a deep breath in. “Trex is in the club right now, so unless you wanna catch a bullet, I suggest you take me to your apartment.”
“O - Okay…” I stammered, taking a deep breath in myself. Abid still cared about me. He still loved me… I could see it in his eyes. He cared enough to keep me alive. He cared enough to not want me to be left for dead again…
Abid began storming out of the street, making his way to the car park. I followed suite, my heart hammering against my chest the entire time, wondering what the hell this night was going to unfold.

§    TREX    §

I walked into the street with the sexy girl from the club, holding her hand in mine. I looked around, but the street was deserted. Weird, because I thought I just saw Abid…
	I rolled my eyes. Oh well. At least I would have the girl to myself now, with nobody to distract me… And I was looking forward to it. She was by far the hottest woman that I’d ever laid eyes on.
She grabbed hold of me, spinning me around, and slammed me onto the wall, planting kisses all over my face. “Come here, tiger,” she said coyly.
I winked at her, picking her up and spinning her around, crashing my mouth down onto hers into a hot kiss.
I was going to rock her world tonight.

§    ABID    §

The entire journey back to her apartment was silent. None of us said a word to each other. I didn’t think there was anything to say… Because in my opinion, she’d betrayed me in the worst way possible. She’d been selfish, she made me believe that she was dead…
	But the more I thought about it… 
	The more it made sense.
	Why would she even tell me that she was alive? Why would she let me know?
	When the night she bled out, I had contemplated killing her myself? Because I’d just found out she was a secret agent?
	I swallowed, guilt washing over me. Of course she wasn’t going to contact me. She was afraid of me. She was afraid that I would tell Trex, or have her killed for real this time. She was afraid that I would never forgive her for being a secret agent. She was afraid that I would never move past it…
	And I knew that I was no good for her, from the beginning when I pursued a relationship with her.
	I was a Mafia man, and she was a pretty, successful woman. She didn’t deserve somebody like me. She could do so much better than me…
	And I had to fucking deal with it. I couldn’t be selfish. She’d been acting in her own best interests. She just wanted to stay alive…
	I sighed heavily. My thoughts cut off, as we arrived at her apartment. It felt like my heart had almost stopped beating. I was so overwhelmed by my emotions right now, it was hard to even think or concentrate on my surroundings…

***

We made our way to her living room, and then both of us just stared at each other blankly, dithering. I took a deep breath in, and Aliyah did the same. This awkward silence was torture. I just wanted everything to get out in the open…
“Thanks for looking out for me, you know…” Aliyah said, cutting the silence, an uneasy expression on her face. “Because of Trex…”
“Save it,” I spat bitterly.
	And then Aliyah did something that I didn’t expect her to do. She didn’t show fear, she didn’t look scared of me, she didn’t look afraid…
	She burst into tears, and all I could see were emotions of heartbreak and sadness written all over her.
I could see in her eyes that she still loved me.
My heart broke watching her cry, and I knew from the way she was looking at me that she didn't mean for any of this to happen.
I didn't want to do any talking.
I missed this girl so fucking much, that I just wanted to hold her again, to feel her on body on mine again, just like the way she used to drive me crazy all those years ago.
Fuck, just looking at her after all this time was driving me crazy.
She left me hurt, she left a hole in my heart when I thought she died...
But now that she was back, I would do anything to protect her.
Trex wasn't going to make me lose her again.
Just watching her sob for me was enough for me to know that I could never live another day of my life without her.
She wasn’t scared of me, like I thought she was. Everything that we had was real…
Despite the circumstances. 
It was all real.
I took a deep breath in, and a deep breath out. A deep breath in… And a deep breath out. I tried my best not to break down in tears myself. I had to keep it together. We both had to stay strong if we were going to make it through this…
“Aliyah, it's okay baby…” I said timidly. “I’m sorry for being angry at you… I just didn’t know what to think when I saw you at the club tonight.” I could feel my chest heaving upwards and downwards. “I don't know what happened to you after all this time… but it doesn't matter.” I took another deep breath in. “Because you're here now,” I whispered. “You came back for me… and that means more to me than you’ll ever know. Forget about the past, Aliyah. It’s in the past for a reason…”
“I love you, Abid,” Aliyah whispered. “I never stopped loving you. Not a day has gone by where I haven't thought about you…”
	She took in another deep breath. I didn’t want her to explain herself to me just yet. I just wanted to touch her… to kiss her soft lips after spending so many years without feeling her…
“Shh, baby, it's okay,” I murmured, and hugged her to me, wiping her tears with my thumbs. “You're not leaving me again.”
	Her eyes burned into mine, with a longing look, and suddenly flashed with desire. 
In an instant, I crashed my mouth down to hers. I needed to taste her again, to feel her again. To feel her amazing curves that I could caress with my finger, and she'd lose all sense of her self-control. I loved the way her body trembled under my touch, the way her back arched as she pulled me closer, desperate to feel my rock-hard body.
I kissed her forcefully, so hard that the wind knocked out of my lungs. She parted her lips, allowing my tongue to enter into her mouth, and play with her tongue in a fury. She moaned against my mouth. My kisses started off soft and tender…
But the kisses quickly grew faster and more passionate, and my hunger intensified as I ripped off her tiny dress that was an excuse for 'clothes'. In an instant, I spread her legs and threw her onto the bed. 
She flipped me around so that she was on top, and I slowly allowed my mouth to move from her mouth to her neck, leaving hungry, wet kisses all over her neck as she moaned. We were both out of breath, desperate to feel each other. She threw her head back in pleasure.
“Fuck, Abid…”
“Don’t stop…”
I took her naked breasts into my hands, squeezing them as I brought my lips back up to her mouth. I pinched her nipples with my fingers and she started to scream uncontrollably. My mouth made its way back to her tits, and I took her nipple into my mouth, sucking it, and letting my tongue swirl around it in a circular motion that made her sigh in pleasure.
She straddled my hips. I grabbed her ass, rubbing it up and down with my free hand, while I used my other hand to play with her clit, plunging my fingers inside of her, my mouth continuing to work magic on her huge breasts. She trembled, her back arching, as she desperately clung to my body for support, tugging at my hair as she brought my face back up to kiss her.
It was time for me to show her just how much I'd missed her.

***

LATER ON THAT NIGHT…

Aliyah rested her head in my lap, and I stroked her hair, kissing her forehead as her fingers traced the lines of my abs across my chest. 
	I felt at peace.
	For the first time, after all of these years without her…
	I was happy again.
	I sighed, as I continued to gently caress her face with my finger. I still couldn’t believe that she was alive. It felt like a dream…
	She began trailing kisses on my chest, while sliding her hand under my boxers.
	“F – fuck…” I moaned.
	She worked her way upwards, kissing my neck while continuing to stroke my rock-hard member up and down with her hand. She reached my face and we exchanged another hot, passionate kiss. I sighed in pleasure.
	“Do you like that, baby?” she whispered.
	“Y – yes…” I sighed, and then took a deep breath in. As much as I wanted to go another round with her, I knew that we couldn’t avoid speaking about what happened forever. I needed to know what happened after all of these years… So as much as it killed me, I pulled away from her, letting out a sigh.
	“What’s wrong, baby?” she asked, scratching her arm awkwardly.
“I don't mean to kill the mood, but babe…” I began. My chest heaved upwards and downwards, as my mood fell again and I felt overwhelmed with sadness. “Where have you been for all of these years?”
	Aliyah took a deep breath in, and sighed. “It's okay Abid, you have a right to know…” she said timidly, and took in another deep breath. 
“When Trex shot me, I was losing blood fast,” she explained, folding her arms, a timid expression on her face. “I thought I was going to die. You went away crying…”
She broke off her sentence, trying not to break into sobs. 
“And I was just lying down on the floor, bleeding out. 
“But I tried to find enough energy to bring myself to ring my boss from the MI5. 
“I could barely talk on the phone, I couldn't get any words out...
“But he could sense something was wrong.
“He sent down a team to pick me up as soon as possible-
“And I had to have an emergency operation done to me on my way to the hospital.”
Aliyah took in another deep breath, and my heart hammered against my chest, as I felt the guilt and sadness eat me up on the inside.
“I was put in an induced coma for months to help me recover...
“When I finally woke up, ready to get better-
“My boss realised how much danger he was putting me in, by putting me in charge of getting intel on Steve's mafia.
“He moved me far away to the other side of the country, waiting for me to make a full recovery-
“And then put me in charge of new tasks that weren't as dangerous.
“I had to have my identity changed to a new name, and I had to have my look changed a little to make me less recognisable.
“Grew out my hair, had to get a fucking lip job and stop using fake tan…”
My blood felt like it was running cold. She’d been through so much because of me… And I had the audacity to accuse her of shit, when I didn’t know the half of it…
I couldn’t help but blame myself. I blamed myself, for bringing her into my life… For pursuing her, knowing how much danger it would put her in. I felt terrible.
But in a way, my mind was at rest. Knowing that she still loved me. Knowing that the reason she didn’t keep me in the loop, wasn’t because she was afraid of me… But because of her work, and the fact that she had to focus on getting better.
Most of all… 
I was just grateful that she was still alive. 
I was going crazy without her… And I think everybody around me noticed how much my mental health suffered as a result.
I sighed heavily, tracing her face with my finger gently. “I'm so sorry you had to go through all this, baby…” I broke off my sentence, a tear sliding down my cheek.
“I wasn't allowed to stay in touch with anyone or else it would've blown my new identity,” Aliyah admitted timidly. “And it was hell, living without you…” Tears started streaming down her cheeks. “I heard you cry and scream when the bullet went through me... And it took me a long time to learn to live without you.
“But it's been years now, and I still couldn't stop thinking about you.
“I came back to the club tonight to help me relive some happy memories...
“Because it was the same club that I met you in.
“It made me feel good.
“I never, in a million years, expected to see you here.”
	She took in another deep breath.
“I won't be a secret agent anymore, if it means we can both have a chance again…” she began, and I could feel my heart leap to my throat. “I love you too much to let a job get in the way…”
“I can't make you sacrifice your job for me,” I said angrily. It would be so selfish of me. She probably put blood, sweat and tears to get the career she had… Study so damn hard, because being a secret agent was no walk in the park. I couldn’t let her jeopardize something that she’d worked so hard for, just because the two of us were completely opposite people…
“I'll quit the fucking Mafia if I have to.” The words tumbled out of my mouth before I had a chance to stop them. But the truth was…
I did want to leave the Mafia.
I did want to start a new life.
I was tired of being miserable. 
I was tired of killing people, and robbing people from their families. 
I was tired of having to be available every hour, for the sake of work, losing sleep as a result of it.
I was tired of selling drugs to people who’d already abused drugs, pushing them to the brink and making them possibly die.
I was tired of making people die for not repaying their debts, when we already had enough money.
I was tired of always having to look over my shoulder for trouble.
I was tired of always having to look over my shoulder in case I was getting hunted down by an enemy.
I was tired of having to continuously put my life on the line for the sake of business.
I was tired of getting into wars with rival cartels.
I was tired of Postcode Wars.
I was tired of Turf Wars.
I was tired of killing people for the sake of territory.
I was tired of everything…
And this was something that I’d never thought I would ever say.
It was something that I never thought I would ever admit to.
But the thought of running away, and starting a new life, where Steve wouldn’t be able to find me, with a woman I loved…
Was suddenly starting to sound more and more attractive.
Being in the Mafia had brought nothing good to me but money. I was financially stable… and that was the only good thing that I had going for myself. 
I was financially stable, yet I couldn’t spend my money the way I wanted to.
I couldn’t buy flashy cars, or shit that I wanted to, because I didn’t have my own business that I could launder all my money through. If I didn’t have a business, then buying expensive, luxury stuff would just attract too much attention from the feds. But I couldn’t buy a business either, because I had a terrible credit score, and a Fraud Marker on my credit file, so nobody would fucking sell one to me.
Even though I was rich… It was useless. I was still in the hood. I was still eating greasy burgers from chicken shops. I was still living in a flat that looked like a fucking dumpster. My life was no different from a broke block-boy, who couldn’t buy anything because they couldn’t afford it.
But if I moved away, out of the country with Aliyah, and started a new life under a new identity… 
I would be able to have all the things that I dreamt of. To live the luxury life that I dreamt of.
	And now that I had this picture in my head…
	I couldn’t stop thinking about it.
	I wanted it. 
	I wanted it so much. I wanted to live a legitimate, legal life… Not a criminal one anymore.
	I wanted to be something.
	I wanted to be happy.
	I took a deep breath in, cutting myself off my thoughts as I turned back to Aliyah. She had her arms folded, and she stared at me with piercing eyes, wondering what was on my mind.
“I'm tired of living a dirty life, all it's done is depressed and drained me,” I admitted. “I want to be with you, Aliyah, till the day I die…”
“But your friend Trex won't let it happen…” Aliyah said timidly. “I'm a dead woman if he finds out I'm still alive…”
“Man, fuck Trex!” I shouted. “I’ll learn to live without him. Friends come and go… But when you find love, you’ve gotta grab it with two hands…” I sighed, cupping her face in my hands. I could picture the future so clearly…
A good future.
“Let's move away together babe, start a new life, just the two of us…” I whispered. “I have nothing left for me here. All I want is you, dammit!”
“Y - You would do that for me?” Aliyah’s eyes brimmed with tears.
“Yes,” I said, folding my arms.
“God, I love you,” she whispered, stroking my face and kissing it.  “Let's get the fuck out of here as soon as possible.”
I took another deep breath in. “I need to take care of some business first. So that Steve, Trex or Louis don't start looking for me…”
	It was true. I needed them to know that I would be leaving Birmingham… I’d just have to tell them a temporary excuse, that I was visiting a sick relative… But instead, move away for good, with the reassurance that none of them would be able to find me.
“Okay,” Aliyah nodded in agreement, scratching her neck sheepishly.
“We'll be together soon, baby,” I murmured, determined. “And this time, nothing is gonna get in our way.”
	I brought her mouth back upto mine, kissing her with pure, raw emotion and love.
	This was to the future. And I was so fucking excited to see what it would hold for the both of us.

CHAPTER 21
REVENGE AND REGRET

MEANWHILE, AFTER LOUIS MET HIS DAD IN THE STREET…

§    LOUIS    §

I arrived at Steve's house, panting heavily. My emotions were all over the place. My heart was thumping against my chest, my entire body trembling and shaking with nerves. I knocked on the door hardly.
"Yo, yo, calm down!" Steve's voice came from inside, and he opened the door.
"Steve!" I panted. "I saw – I saw..."
"Saw what?" Steve asked, screwing his face. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” He looked scared now.
"Dad!" I shouted.
Steve frowned. He furrowed his eyebrows, his face falling, and I watched the colour slowly drain away from his face. "What?" he said blankly.
"I saw Dad," I wept. "I really saw him..."
Steve continued to stare at me with a blank expression on his face. It was like he didn’t even know what to say, or what to do. By the looks of it… He despised my dad, just as much as I did. "Hey, hey, it's alright," Steve said quickly, calming me. "Come on inside."
I nodded, my sweat dripping down onto the floor in tiny droplets. It felt like my heart was in my throat. I kept replaying everything that had just happened, with my dad approaching me in the shop, and then all of the things that he said to me… 
It was a lot for me to process. I didn’t know what to make of it. I could hardly think without feeling dizzy. It felt like the walls were closing in around me, and I was suffocating.
It felt like I was in a bad dream, and I couldn’t wake up.
I walked into Steve’s house, and into the living room, but I didn't tell Steve about how my dad warned me to stay away from him. I didn’t want to piss him off even more than I already had, by mentioning my real father. He was obviously going to be jealous, knowing that Mum was married to another man before him… wasn’t he?
I needed to switch the topic of the conversation to Thomas. That was the whole reason that I’d called Steve in the first place. The whole reason that I came to meet him, because we would both work together and create a plan to get rid of him. It’s funny, because I’d planned it to perfection, up until now… because this was the moment that I’d been waiting for, for so many years. But it was like my mind had suddenly gone blank, and I had no idea what I was going to do, or what strategy I was going to implement. That’s where I could do with Steve’s input.
“Are you okay, Louis?” Steve asked, concerned. “That bastard has some nerve to try and show up in your life after all these years.” His facial expression turned to a cold and bitter one. His eyes were red and bloodshot. He looked so angry, it was like he was about to murder.
	I shuddered, taking a deep breath in. “Yeah, I'll be fine, I guess,” I shrugged. I needed to pull myself together. I needed Steve to cool down and get his head back into the game, so that he would help me with what I needed to do.
Steve rubbed his chin in thought. “That bastard…” he murmured. “The audacity of him to approach you, when he’s spent his whole life not saying a word to you. I’m a better man than he’ll ever be.” Steve’s hand balled into a fist.
“Steve, calm down…” I murmured, and he rolled his eyes, looking agitated. “I don’t want to talk about that. It’s just gonna put me in a shitter mood,” I said quickly. “I wanna talk about what I told you about on the phone earlier.”
It was time that I switched the topic of the conversation to Thomas.
“Yeah, that…” Steve began, rolling his eyes again. “But we’re talking about your dad another time. This shit isn’t fucking over.”
“Yeah, yeah, whatever,” I said quickly, and then took a deep breath in. “So, how are we going to get rid of Thomas?” I asked. "The way he stared at me in the club... if we don't eliminate him fast, I just know he's gonna do something terrible to me. He looks different from the way he did all those years ago. He’s a lot colder… It was like he was showing traits of a psychopath." I broke off my sentence, looking uneasy.
"Relax," Steve said calmly. "I've got it all sorted. I'm gonna send some of my boys out to try and look for him, and find his location. Once we figure out whereabouts he’s staying in Birmingham, it’ll be a lot easier, because once that's sorted, we can fix something up. We’ll be able to find a way to put a bullet through him, without attracting heat from the feds."
I nodded attentively, rubbing my chin in thought. Steve explained his plan to me to the very last detail. I absorbed it all in, paying attention to every single word.
It was time for me to get my revenge on Thomas at last.

***

A FEW WEEKS LATER…

I swallowed. Tomorrow was going to be one of the hardest days of my life. Not only was it my eighteenth birthday… but it was also the day that I was going to get rid of Thomas for good.
Steve had given me all the details of his whereabouts. All I had to do was kill him. But this was easier said than done.
I put on my hoodie, and fastened the hood to my face so that hardly any of it could be seen. However, the parts of my face that could be seen, would be enough for Thomas to know it was me.
I took a knife from Steve's vast collection; the sharpest one, that would cut the easiest and cause him the most pain. Once this deed had been done, the Mafia would be saved from the police, because Thomas wouldn’t be able to snitch anymore, and my life wouldn't be at threat from Thomas either.
I hid the knife underneath my hoodie and walked outside, into the dark, black night. The stars dimly lit the sky. I walked and walked and walked, one step in front of the other, my heart thumping with nerves. I couldn’t bottle out now. This was the only thing left for me to do… Before I could go back to living life. Before my mind would be at rest, I’d gain closure, and some inner peace…
I turned down an alleyway, reaching the streets where Thomas lived. I saw a shadow in the street, and began stepping closer to realise that Thomas was standing outside of his house, smoking. His back was turned to me, so he couldn't see me approaching.
This was it. I wasn't scared anymore. I wasn't sweating, and I wasn't shaking with nerves. It felt so right that I was doing this. I forgot about the Thomas that I once knew in primary school. 
This was all about the Thomas that I knew now.
I slowly withdrew the knife from my hoodie, and held it behind my back. I stepped closer to Thomas, being careful not to make the slightest sound. As I neared him, just inches behind him, he began to turn around, confused. I took this opportunity to pounce on him and throw him to the ground.
"What the fuck!" Thomas yelled, groaning under my harsh grip. I muffled his noises with my hand, feeling the sweat around his lips gather on my hands.
"You will pay for what you did," I said slowly. I kicked him in the abdomen several times, just like he had done to me, but even harder, to make sure he felt treble the pain I had done.
I punched his stomach continuously, and he yelled loudly in pain. I punched him harder, each punch letting out a louder cry. Never in my life was I aware that killing someone could feel so satisfying.
I put my full weight on Thomas, placing my hand over his mouth again to stop his loud, intensifying cries for help. It was then that I stabbed his stomach, and then once again in his chest area. I was careful not to stab him in the heart, because I wanted him to die a slow and painful death. To bleed out all over the floor, and beg for his life… 
Just like he left me to die in my own pool of blood, begging for my own life.
I rose to my feet, kicking him hardly… So hard that his body flipped over, and then I stabbed Thomas again, this time in the back, blood gushing out of his body. His groans of pain rang like bells through my ears.
"Don't you ever come near me again, you filthy bastard. I'm teaching you a lesson. Stay the fuck out of my way," I said coldly. As I was about to kick his head again, I watched the colour drain away from his face and his eyes close. I stepped back, contemplating what I had done.
What had I done? I withdrew my hands from the body, only to find them covered in blood. My head spun and I put my hand to my forehead, and fell to the ground.
“Please stop!” I cried. “Please.” The pain was overwhelming. I could barely breathe.
	He scoffed. “It’s nothing more than you deserve. You’re a dirty little bastard and your family will face the consequences of what you did. I’ll never forget how you betrayed me.”
	There was a brief moment of regret on his face. He pierced the knife into my flesh, cutting deep inside me. I began to scream. It was then that the sirens started. 
	As I started losing consciousness I noticed a girl in the background, watching me. She had a look of pure horror on her face.
	“You over there…”
“Please … help me...” I tried to speak, but it just came out as a mumble. My eyes began to close, and blood was gushing out of my mouth. I never saw the girl again.
	“Why did you do this?” a cop hovered over me. “Why did you attempt to kill this man?”
	“It’s nothing more than he deserved. He’s a dirty little bastard and his family will face the consequences of what he did. I’ll never forget how he betrayed me.” I repeated the exact same words that Thomas had said to me when he attacked me all those years ago.
	The cop stared at me, long and hard. He lifted me from the ground, took my hands behind my back and put them in handcuffs.
	“You are under arrest for attempted murder,” he said. 
	“What the fuck?”
	“You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be held against you in a court of law. You have the right to consult a lawyer…”
	As the cop said these words, I felt the world stop rotating around me. I could feel my head spinning; I was in a state of shock. It took me a few minutes to realise that this wasn’t a bad dream, this wasn’t a fucking nightmare. I’d screwed up so badly. I was supposed to kill this motherfucker and my mind started playing tricks on me, reminding me of the past. 
	No weakness… that was my fucking motto. So why the fuck didn’t I just stab him and get out of there? Why did I have to remember every brutal moment of Thomas double-crossing me at the wrong time?
All my memories, everything I’d worked for. Putting blood, sweat and tears into becoming the Kingpin of the Mafia. All of the sleepless nights, and everything that I sacrificed to become the man that I was today. All of the money I made, all of the friends I made… Ijaz, Abid, Trex… Everything was gone. It was all worthless now, and it all meant nothing. I was going to jail… and I couldn’t take any of this to jail with me.
What the fuck had I done?
	“If you cannot afford a lawyer, one will be appointed for you before any questioning if you wish.”
	As I spun back to reality, the cop read me the last of my rights. I didn’t know what to do. I was desperate. I couldn’t go to jail… I couldn’t. I wouldn’t be able to cope in there. It would fuck me up mentally… put me over breaking point. 
Just knowing that in order to end the feud with the man that ruined my life… 
Thomas fucking Byron… 
I had to go to jail. Throw years of my life away. 
I already suffered so badly with my mental health. 
The fact that I killed so many people.
The fact that Ellie committed suicide because of rape.
The fact that I sold drugs to so many people…
The fact that I destroyed so many lives, in order to not destroy my own…
I already suffered so badly with anxiety and depression.
Everyday, I was in a constant battle with my own demons.
Everyday, I was wondering whether there was a point in living, because of how much of a failure and disappointment I was to the very woman who bore me in her womb for nine months, and brought me into this world.
How would I cope with my mental health if I was going to be locked in a box for five years?
	“This is all a misunderstanding. I’ve never been to jail before. I can’t do this to my mum, she’ll be at home worried…”
	The cop rolled his eyes at me, folding his arms.
	“Save the sob story for when you’re behind bars,” he said angrily. “Come with me.”
He grabbed hold of me with force, throwing me into the backseat of the police car. 
I stared out of the window, a tear sliding down my cheek.
I guess this was God’s way of punishing me for choosing the lifestyle that I had.
Oh Heavenly Father… forgive me. For I have sinned.
I should have just been a good boy growing up. Taken my mother’s advice. Put myself through an education. 
Not put myself back into the hood.
And I would never forgive myself for what I did. I’d become the kingpin of a criminal empire… and yet after the number of people that I’d killed, the number of people that I’d tortured…
All it took was just one fuck-up to throw me in jail for years.
And it was at this moment… 
That I wished I had listened to what my father said to me…

***

SECTION 3

CHAPTER 22
LIFE IN JAIL

§    LOUIS    §

It was my last week in prison. I'd spent five years here. Five long, long years.
I remember when I first came here, in a white Serco van. It was an unknown world to me. Something that I never imagined… And I wasn’t ready for what was about to happen when I got here.
	From watching TV shows like Prison Break as I grew up, I was expecting really tall and well-built men who’d been convicted for murder and rape to be sharing a room with another person, and that everybody had to ‘pick a side’ with a gang in order to survive and make their way through serving their sentence.
	But the truth is, it was nothing like that… There was only one person in each cell, and we were locked up in our cells for up-to twenty three hours every day, meaning that my time here was really fucking lonely and depressing. It was hard to take care of my mental health and stay sane while I was in here. I spent five years living in a box… The toilet we had in our cells didn’t even have a screen for privacy.
Once I was inside, the cops took all of my belongings, only letting me have books to read and a pen and a notebook to write in. They handed me an orange jumpsuit and a pair of battered and worn-out prison issue trainers. I got assigned a number too, and they started calling me by my surname. It was like I was a nobody in here. That everything I’d worked for on the outside, that my status on the outside, counted for nothing… In here, I was just another convict, doing time. I was then let out onto my wing, told where my cell is and left to fend for myself.
There were some TV’s and PlayStation’s allowed, but that was only for the people who’d been arrested for petty crimes like a minor shop theft. Not murderers like me… People like me were only allowed books to keep us sane. I must have read thousands of books over the years. I had to count myself lucky though, because there were other people in jail who didn’t even know how to read, and couldn’t even use books to keep themselves company.
The only overwhelming memory of me being locked up was the abuse levels being so high. Jail caused a net in drug addiction because people came in clean and came out as heroin addicts, rather than the other way round, and it was crazy. One of the friends I made here, Clyde, had gone to jail just a few months before I had, and came in for a minor offence about fighting, and he was such a responsible person before he received his first sentence. He'd picked up his heroin addiction while he'd been inside and since that moment he'd just been in and out to fund his heroin addiction. I used to go out of my cell and see people taking heroin openly, just putting it in cigarettes. The level of drug addiction was so extreme, that the number of heroin addicts in the cells was what caused so much of the violence on the wings.
I guess people thought that if they’d turned to drugs, their time here would be more bearable. But the truth is, drugs give you a small, tiny amount of happiness when you’re taking them… and then you feel even shitter than you did before, and you keep craving that little feeling of happiness over and over again, so you carry on taking drugs over and over again… until you become a fucking junkie.
There was so much threat of violence from aggressive prisoners. I'd been beat up several times, and it was awful. I hated it. Instead of fighting back, I just tried to avoid trouble, deciding that I should just wait out my sentence and get it over with. Prison was less dangerous than your average street in the Birmingham neighborhood on a Saturday night. It was like a greasy chicken shop in Alum Rock or Small Heath, full of macho guys who wanted to pick fights or flex their muscles, but I guess if I stayed out of people's way I'd be alright. 
If I fought back, I risked blowing my identity to the other inmates, and then I’d be serving a much longer sentence than five years, if the guards found out that it was me that was the man who was the kingpin of the Mafia. They’d connect me to all of the murders that happened in the city, all of the drug smuggling, all of the gun trafficking… and I’d go down for life. The death penalty didn’t exist in England, but I wish it did… Because I would much rather be put to death, than spend the rest of my life fucking miserable in prison. Even five years in here was enough to push me over the wall… I couldn’t imagine spending a lifetime in here. I’d have nothing left to live for. No hope to ever see the real world again.
In my opinion, a lot of the inmates turned to drugs because they felt totally adrift from their friends and family. I was one of the few that did, even though my mum had disowned me and my stepdad Steve had caused me all this trouble. I did miss my friends, Ijaz, Abid, Trex… But I wasn't going to mope about it. At the end of the day, they were the smart ones who never got caught, and would never be in my position. It was my own fault that I couldn't make my own decisions. I had the choice to get out of this mess but instead, I followed in my stepdad's footsteps. He didn’t force me to join the Mafia… I brought it on my damn self, and it was only now, after spending so much time locked up, that I regretted everything I’d done ever since I joined the Mafia. I used to think that I was indomitable, and that people feared me… But I didn’t care about any of that shit anymore. I didn’t want any part in the Mafia anymore. I never wanted to see Steve again after this. All that this lifestyle had given me was problems after problems, depression, suicidal thoughts…
I was just hoping that once I got out of jail, I'd be able to fix my relationship with Mum. We'd left in such a bicker; I didn't care about anyone else. I couldn’t stop thinking about the way she cut me off. The way she said that she was ashamed of me, and that she never wanted to hear from me again. My whole life, I’d told myself and convinced myself that I’d joined the Mafia for my mum… that everything I did was for her sake. But I now knew, that I was selling myself a lie, a dream… Because Mum would have been happy with me if I was in an average 9 to 5 job, making average money… Because it was an honest, legitimate way of living. Mum didn’t care about how much money I had, if this was the way that I was going to be making it. By killing people and selling drugs.
In prison, I was only given up to fifteen quid a week to spend on things like snacks, tobacco and phone credit, and goods cost the same as they did in the outside world. I spent most of my money on phone credit, and with the leftovers I'd treat myself with a pack of instant noodles and a Snickers chocolate bar. I knew that I did have to buy some food because the prison meals were terrible, so much worse than school dinners. It wasn't just potato and boiled up beans, it was fast food and it was really bad for our health. I had to divide the money between keeping in contact with my family and staying nourished. The only person I phoned was Ijaz. He was the only person I could phone.
Phone calls to mobiles from a prison payphone cost 40p a minute, and if I had a fiver a week to spend on food and keeping in contact with Ijaz that costed 40p a minute, then it meant that I could only speak to Ijaz for a few minutes. It was enough though. I missed him, and I just wanted to get out of this mess. To start a new life when I left prison, to start smashing the gym, start working in retail at FootLocker instead of making money the way I did. Settle down, find myself a nice girl, provide for Mum legitimately this time.
	I was determined to leave my criminal past behind me once I’d served my sentence. I’d already given up my business in Bullring, that I used as a front to launder my dirty money. I had the business sold while I was on the inside. As well as that, I ordered for all of the dirty money that I made which I had in my bank account, to be given to charity.
	I had nothing to my name now. Zero pounds. Nada. But it was the key for me to move forward with my life. I couldn’t spend my blood money. That money was better off spent on feeding the poor and needy. At least now I would know that any money I made once I got out of here… I’d worked hard for, and didn’t have to do any dirty jobs for.
On top of the lack of phone calls, though, the visiting time was really emotional. It was something that I didn't miss at all because of how tragic it was. I was left in a room, allowed a conjugal, where I could speak to Ijaz once or twice a month. He was driven all the way up to the prison, and I was just thinking about what I was going to say to him the whole time. Then when I came face-to-face with him my mind just went blank. It was a really rough situation because I had CCTV cameras looking over me, and prison officers looking over my shoulder, while I was trying to explain to my brother in crime how I felt. It was the worst environment to try and maintain a supporting relationship. I couldn’t even say all of the things that I wanted to say, because I was being watched… and it was fucked up. I couldn’t even speak to Ijaz alone, even if I was wearing handcuffs.
Whenever I came out of the visiting room or dialed off the phone, my mind then played what I'd said to Ijaz like a form of torture.
Nobody kept in touch with me except from him. Keelan didn't even know I was in jail, for all I knew. Abid and Trex probably didn’t come to see me because they didn’t want to talk to me with the feds watching, who’d see their faces and put two-and-two together, with the Mafia and everything.
Chantelle didn't say a word to me. I hadn’t spoken to her, ever since I’d been arrested. After I met her at the club, we texted each other often, making each other laugh and enjoying each other’s company. But we didn’t meet again, because I was so busy and hell-bent on taking down Thomas. And as soon as I did, I got arrested…
It’s a fucking shame, really. In a way, I couldn’t blame her for not wanting anything to do with me. I told myself when I first met her that I was setting myself up for a failure, for a heartbreak… Because she was beautiful and successful, and didn’t deserve to be with a criminal like me. I would be lying if I said that I didn’t think about her while I was in jail, because I did… But I guess that ship had sailed. If she really still wanted to make things work, she would have come to see me, or write to me, at least… But five years is a really fucking long time for anyone to wait, so again, I couldn’t blame her. I wish things didn’t have to be like this, because Chantelle and I could have been something much more if I’d never got banged up… But our little fling, our dirty game, was over before it even began. I’d grown attached to her in such a short space of time, and I couldn’t help but feel like a small piece of me had torn away from me with her when we stopped contacting each other… 
But I had to forget about her and move on with my life. I couldn’t keep dwelling on the past. I’d meet somebody else, if I just put my past behind me and started off with a clean slate… 
I wasn’t a kid anymore. I wasn’t the immature teenager that I was when I first got arrested. I’d grown into an adult. I was now twenty-three years old, and my past had taught me a lot. It shaped me into the man that I was today. My attitude towards women had completely changed. I used to see them as sex objects, and as trash to use at my own disposal… But I realized now that they were so much more than that. My own mother bore me in her womb for nine months, took care of me and raised me. Not to mention that not all women were just looking for sex and a good time… And women who were just looking for sex and a good time weren’t sluts, either, like I used to think they were. Women shouldn’t be slut-shamed for having their own preferences, and doing their own thing and what makes them happy. 
The right woman would be able to change even the worst of criminals like me…
Chantelle would have been that right woman.
I guess prison taught a lesson to me, in some sense. That I couldn’t continue living the way I did, being the kingpin of a Mafia. It was no life to live. I had to thank God that my sentence wasn’t much worse… I could have gone down for life, but I only went to jail for five years. I guess it was a sign from God that it was time for me to change.
I had to try and keep my sanity and not feel jealous or angry that I'd let people down. These five years behind bars left me with emotional damage. I didn't realise how much being in prison could make me change. This was no life for me. It was what Mist talked about in his lyrics; ain't worth the jail are ya daft? It was only now that I realised all of this crime really, really wasn't worth the jail.
And now, my sentence was coming to an end. It was almost time to go back to the outside world. To fix up my bad habits, to make a good living for myself. To never touch drugs again, to stay out of fights and fix old ties. And on top of all, to start making music.
I figured that I may as well make use of the time I was here. I didn't care to watch television, or to read boring books. I'd spent a lot of time in my cell writing down bars in my memo pad and putting them together. Emotional bars. I wrote about my life, about the gang, about Mum, about the fights, the violence, the skets, and prison. About how I wanted to settle down and how this was no life for me. Now all I had to do was transfer them from paper to mouth, and get myself in a recording studio. 

CHAPTER 23
OUTSIDE LIFE



WHILE LOUIS WAS IN JAIL…
WHAT WAS HAPPENING IN THE OUTSIDE WORLD, WITH EVERYBODY HE KNEW?
YOU ARE ABOUT TO FIND OUT.



§    CHANTELLE    §

Mum had her arms folded angrily. She stared at me with a bitter expression on her face, looking like she was about to murder me. I was so pissed off with her. All she did was try to control my life and dictate what I could and couldn’t do, and I was getting tired of it. I wasn’t a kid anymore, and she continued to fucking treat me like one.
“I wanna see Louis, Mum!” I screamed angrily. “You can't stop me! He's my friend, and I need him to know that I’ll be there for him when he needs me!”
“Friend my ass!” Mum retorted, rolling her eyes. “You're not seeing him and that's final!” She sighed heavily, shaking her head. “I don't know why you always fall for these thugs. All they're going to do is ruin your life!”
“You're so fucking judgmental of people you don't know, Mum!” I yelled, and Mum shook her fists with rage. “I'm over 18, you can't tell me what to do anymore,” I spat bitterly. “I'm going to see him, whether you like it or not.”
“Over my dead body!” Mum shot back. “He tried to fucking murder someone, Chantelle! As long as you're under my roof, you follow my rules. I'll confiscate your phone and ground you for five years if I fucking have to.” Mum rolled her eyes. “Move on from him and talk to a sweet boy for once.”
	Mum bolted out of the room angrily. I was in such a state of rage, that I burst into tears. 
Thanks to my mum, Louis was going to think that I didn't care about him. He would spend his whole time in prison hating me for not staying in touch with him. He would never want to hear from me again after he gets out…
And I fucking hated that things had to be like this. I saw a side of Louis that he probably didn’t show to other people, when I spoke to him. I saw the sweet and caring side of him. Not the murderous side that others saw… I didn’t care about what he got up to in his personal life. A lot of men are forced into the hood from a young age, and I’m the last person who would judge somebody’s actions because of that.
	Every criminal hates his lifestyle and choices, and I knew that this was the same with Louis. That if he could change things, he would… 
	I didn’t even have the financial stability to move out of my mum’s home, because being a make-up artist was just my side hustle. I was at university studying Politics full-time, and I didn’t have the means to live on my own. So as much as it fucking pained me, I had to listen to whatever my mum told me to do… 
And that meant that I would probably never see Louis again.
	And the thought of that broke my heart more than it should. I’d only known Louis for such a short period of time, but I’d grown so attached to him… and it felt like he was robbed from me, and ripped away from my life, before we even got a chance to get anywhere.
	But I couldn’t just spend the rest of my life dwelling on it. When Louis got out of jail, he would probably find himself somebody else, and move on…
	He’d probably already moved on. 
Five years is a long time… 
	So I should do the same.

§    KEELAN    §

I was chilling with my brother Jackson in his bedroom, counting up all of the cash that we’d made over the past week. There were stacks and stacks, scattered all over the bedroom floor… 
	Adding up to hundreds of grands.
	Looking at money turned me on. It filled me with a happiness that I just couldn’t get, going out with friends to a party or a rave. At this point, I was so adrift from the outside world, that making money was all I could think about. I didn’t care to go clubbing or on dates with sexy women. All I cared about was adding more cash to my stacks. It was so fucking satisfying to count money, spend money, earn money…
	And earn fucking tons of it.
“We're fucking rolling in money!” I exclaimed to Jackson, with my hands on hips. “When you introduced this scheme to me, I had no idea that it would actually fucking work.”
	Jackson cracked up into laughter. “I'm a man of many talents, bro.”
“We're making ten thousand pounds a drop just by pushing some fraudulent money into legitimate bank accounts and cashing it out,” I exclaimed, with my hands on my hips. “It's insane! We gotta upgrade and buy a mansion soon!”
	Jackson cracked up into laughter again, and so did I. Working with my own brother to make quick cash was the last thing that I expected to do in my life… I thought that because I failed my GCSE’s and dropped out of school, that I would be destined for failure my whole life. But Jackson gave me a way out, and a light at the end of the tunnel. By introducing me to the concept of doing fraud… Hacking bank logs to get access into international bank accounts, and then transferring the money from those bank accounts into legitimate ones in the UK. 
It was a high-risk thing to do, and if we got caught by the cops, we could go to prison for fourteen years… But the rewards were immense, and I couldn’t think of any other possible solution for myself. I didn’t want to rot in a 9 to 5 job at McDonald’s for the rest of my life… By doing fraud, I could live in the lap of luxury a lot faster than I could in a dead-end job, without the need of a university degree, even if it was a criminal way of living.
At times, I would dwell on the past, and feel like a hypocrite, because the first time I’d caught Jackson with all the goods in his room, I cried and shouted at him for being so selfish and inconsiderate of the family. Cried to Raj at the corner shop, because I thought that we would lose everything because of Jackson doing fraud. Not to mention that I always advised Louis to stay away from his step father, and his criminal way of living. But I hadn’t heard from Louis in years… I didn’t know what was going on with him, or what he was doing with his life. But I had to keep pushing forward with my own life. Fraud may be a terrible thing, but it was a better lifestyle than being in the Mafia and murdering people…
The lesser of two evils, right?
“Money is the key to getting girls, you know,” Jackson grinned. “Money has been healthy recently man, you deserve a break and so do I. We should go out for tonight, unwind and get hammered.”
	I nodded in agreement. I knew he was right. We did need a break once in a while.
“In that case, let's hit the fucking club man!” I replied, with my hands on my hips. “I need a fucking girl in my life.”
	Jackson chuckled. We both got ready for the club. I put on my Stone Island shirt and jeans, along with my Nike Airforce trainers, and some Georgio Armani aftershave. Jackson put on a Gucci cap, and a Balmain Paris shirt, paired with jeans and Nike Airmaxes.
	We stopped at Pepe’s on the way to the club. It didn’t matter how rich me and Jackson got… You couldn’t take a boy out of the hood. I preferred my average chicken shops rather than fine dining. I’d take eating a fat and spicy Chicken XL burger over snails any day.

***

When me and Jackson arrived at the club, Jackson already wandered off and left me alone, to go and speak to a girl who caught his eye, drinking at the bar. I rolled my eyes, pissed off, suddenly wondering why I even came here in the first place. I tried to scan the dance floor, to see if there was anybody I knew at the club, who would be able to keep me company. 
	But I couldn’t find anyone… 
	I probably looked so fucking stupid, standing in the middle of a dance-floor on my own. I rolled my eyes, and made my way to the bar. If I was going to be a loner, I might as well get hammered with drinks and be a loner in style, right?
	“Whisky, neat,” I sighed to the barman, collapsing onto the stool, pissed off and agitated.
	“Coming right up,” the barman replied. 
	I whipped out my phone, ready to play some Temple Run while I waited for my drink. I felt fucking pathetic.
	“Tough day, huh?” 
	I jolted up, wondering who the hell was talking to me. I allowed my eyes to narrow as I saw a busty woman with short brown curly hair and red painted lips tower over me.
	Was I in heaven?
	She was wearing denim shorts, paired with a red crop top that made her boobs look huge. 
	I blinked a few times. It felt like I was in a fucking trance. 
“What's your name then, gorgeous?” I murmured, biting my lip in anticipation. 
“I'm Valentina,” she replied, her fingers skimming the collar of my shirt. She was straightforward, and knew what she wanted… And it was a huge turn-on. I could feel her nibble my earlobe, and I let out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. “So how about we cut to the chase and do what we both came here for?” she whispered.
“Mmm, you read my mind,” I moaned. “Wasting no time, you seem like my kinda girl.”
She slammed her mouth down onto mine, dominating me with a hot kiss. In an instant, I forgot about the drink I just ordered, and found myself melting into her embrace. She had her hands all over me, rubbing up and down my chest and neck, and I found my own hands grabbing her ass and pushing her closer to me, closing the gap between us.
“Fuck,” she whimpered. “Take me to bed.”
	“Your wish is my command, baby girl,” I murmured, and before I knew it, I had her picked up bridal-style, threw her over my shoulder and made my way to my car.

***

“Fuckkkkk,” Valentina moaned, collapsing next to me on the bed. We’d just fucked two rounds, and I was still full of fucking energy.
	Her, on the other hand…
“I really tired you out, huh?” I said coyly, cracking up into laughter. 
Valentina rolled her eyes, yawning. I really did tire her out. Once you have a taste of me, Keelan fucking Jones, you never go back to your ordinary men. Any man she slept with now would never be able to live up to her expectations. I winked at her, amused at my thoughts.
“Don't flatter yourself,” Valentina said condescendingly, rolling up the duvet like she was about to fall asleep.
I stared at her face. She really was such a pretty woman. I found myself wanting to know more about her, because in all honesty, I was tired of empty sex…
“So, what do you do for a living?” I asked thoughtfully.
“I don't think that's any of your business,” Valentina said, folding her arms, looking repulsed. “Shouldn't you be leaving?” She yawned again, and I let out a small chuckle.
“I like to get to know the girls I sleep with,” I shrugged, winking at her again. 
This was the fifth time that Valentina had rolled her eyes now; it was like her eyes were about to pop out of her head. 
“Please, I know we both just wanted to get laid,” she remarked.
“Don't judge a book by its cover, babe,” I grinned.
“Oh really?” Valentina said sarcastically, with her hands on her hips. “I know you're a fraud boy.”
I folded my arms, a small smirk on my lips. I’d wanted her to ask me about this, the minute I realized that I actually recognized her, and had seen her around Birmingham before.
“I saw you walking in with Jackson,” she went on. “You think the streets don't talk?”
“I'm only in it for the money,” I shrugged. Because that was the only reason that I did fraud.
For the money.
“Yeah, I figured,” Valentina shrugged.
“Well, that's something we have in common,” I remarked coyly.
“Excuse me?” Valentina denied. 
“You think I've never seen you around before?” I smirked, with my hands on my hips. She narrowed her eyes at me, appearing pissed off. “I know you own that dumpy nail business outside Small Heath.”
“And your point is?” she remarked, because I’d clearly pulled a nerve of hers. She folded her arms angrily, a screw-face expression written all over her face.
“I can give you money, all the things you've ever wanted to buy, baby girl,” I said coyly. 
She rubbed her chin in thought, appearing confused.
“Invest in your nail business, help you grow,” I went on.
“And what would you want in return?” she remarked.
“You to let me clean my dirty money through your shop,” I shrugged. I was expecting her to slap me across the face for even suggesting such a thing, but she was smiling. 
“Now we're talking,” she grinned. 
“Now that's what I call an agreement,” I smirked, scratching my neck as she dragged her nails across my chest.
“I think we should have a round two to celebrate,” she murmured, nibbling on my earlobe.
Coming to this agreement was a lot easier than I thought it would be. Now, I could make more money than ever, because I’d have a front to help me launder my dirty funds, and I’d be able to avoid heat from the feds.
And I was so fucking excited for it. I crashed my mouth down to hers, sliding my tongue into her mouth, kissing her with urgency. She was my savior. My saving fucking grace. This was a massive favour that she was doing for me, and I couldn’t be more thankful to her for it. Trusting me when we hardly knew each other…
The future was looking really fucking bright right now.

§    MUM    §

I stood in the middle of my room, sobbing and rocking my head backwards and forwards. I was so broken… So damn broken.
	I couldn’t cope without Louis. My son, my everything…
The pain was killing me. How was I going to manage without him? I tried my best to raise him to be a good and respectable man, and provide for him so that the hood didn’t get the better of him.
But it did.
I couldn’t help but feel like a failure. Like everything I’d done for my son had been for nothing. I’d spent endless nights crying and screaming till I was blue in the face. Wondering where it all went wrong… Wondering why all the effort I made with Louis wasn’t enough for him. 
Wondering why my own son went against me and didn’t listen to me. Wondering why he still continued to pursue feuds and gang wars, even after I told him countlessly to just focus on his education and focus on pursuing his career…
I drew a deep breath in… and a deep breath out.
I knew now that there was nothing that I could do. No matter how much I cried, no matter how much I kicked and screamed well into the night… it wouldn’t be able to erase what happened. It wouldn’t be able to turn back the clocks. 
It wouldn’t be able to get Louis out of jail any faster.
Maybe it was time that I just put myself for once. Being a kind person my whole life had gotten me nowhere. Letting people use me as a doormat. As trash to throw away at their own disposal…
All of these years, I'd been letting Steve beat and abuse me… And tolerating it for Louis’s sake, because I knew how much Louis adored that man, and looked up to him like a father. I’d spent years caring for Louis… Only to have Louis throw it back in my face.
The more I thought about it, I knew that being with Matthew would be the only chance I had left at happiness. I wanted to give him a chance, and to be more than friends with him. He was so loving and sweet, and maybe being with him would be the only thing that would make me feel better…
Why should I be loyal to Steve with the way he'd been treating me all these years?
I would just have to make sure that Steve never found out about me and Matthew. I deserved to feel good about myself. I had nothing left… 
Matthew was the only person I had left.
I had to give this a try. I had to give him a chance. If I didn’t… Then I’d spend the rest of my life regretting it. Pondering on what him and I could have been. My son had disappointed me, Louis’s real father had disappointed me, Steve had disappointed me…
My future lay with Matthew.
	I drew in another deep breath, and began shaking with nerves. I held my phone in my hands, trembling with anticipation. I swallowed, and then flicked through my contacts list to find Matthew’s name.
	And then I began to write him some text messages…
Matthew, can you come over please?
I really need you right now.
You're the only man who will ever be able to make me happy.
I'm ready to go the extra step with you.
I'm ready to give you a chance.
	Before I could back out of sending the messages, I quickly pressed the ‘Send’ button. I could feel heat flush to my cheeks, and rush all over my body. With fear… The fear of being rejected, even though I knew that this was the moment that Matthew had been waiting for, after pursuing me for such a long time. After being so patient with me, caring for me, and not rushing me into making any decisions.
	My heart thumped, hammering against my chest with every minute I nervously waited for him to reply to my messages. I was scared that he didn’t want me anymore… That he’d lost interest, after I’d rejected him countlessly in the past. I was a stupid woman… I had such a phenomenal man in my life, and it took me years to give him a chance after knowing him for such a long period of time. He was the only man who really cared for me after Louis’s father…
	And then… 
	My heart stopped beating, as I heard the ping of a text message notification on my phone. Followed by two more pings.
	My chest heaved upwards and downwards. Terrified to read what he’d replied… Terrified to check my phone to see what he’d said.
	I might as well get this over with. If Matthew didn’t want me… Then I didn’t know what I’d do. I needed to see if he still wanted me, just as much as I wanted him… Because the truth was, I’d always wanted him… I was just too scared of the repercussions it would have for myself if Steve ever found out the truth. He’d beaten me up and hospitalized me over some text messages… I could only imagine what he’d do if I was actually sleeping with Matthew.
	I sighed, holding my phone out in front of my face…
	And then I felt a massive wave of relief flood over my body, as I read Matthew’s text messages. I found myself letting out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding, and butterflies were hammering against my chest. It felt like I was a teenager again, and Matthew was my school crush.
	I felt genuinely happy. A feeling that I hadn’t felt for so many years, after everything I’d been through…
I'm on my way, baby x
I love you x
I'm glad you finally changed your mind about me x
	I scratched my arm, finding myself blushing crazily. 
“I love you too, Matthew…” I whispered to myself. 
He was on his way to see me… Everything was starting to come together now. My heart was racing. I’d never felt like this about anybody… Maybe Matthew was my one glimmer of hope in my sad life. 
I made my way to the bathroom, to quickly take a shower and do myself up nicely. Matthew lived half an hour away from me… So I had half an hour to make myself look human again. I looked a state after the amount I’d cried over Louis.
After I showered and let the hot water wash over my body, I felt a little bit better and I was starting to feel like myself again. I walked over to the mirror, dabbing on some makeup to cover my eyebags and brighten my face up a little, and then slipped into a wine-coloured bodycon dress, because I wanted to look pretty for Matthew. 
I brushed my hair out and then quickly eliminated the frizz with my straightening iron. I found myself smoothing my hands over my ass and waist, trying out different poses in the mirror, debating whether I looked okay.
But before I knew it, I was snapped out of my trance… Because the door bell was going off. That only meant one thing… 
That Matthew was here.
It felt like my ears were roaring, with how hard the butterflies were hammering against my chest. I smiled to myself a little, because I knew that Matthew would love me, no matter how I looked. I quickly nodded at myself in the mirror, and then bolted downstairs, doing a little jog to get to the door and not keep him waiting any longer. I couldn’t wait to throw my arms around him and kiss him… A simple thing that I’d been waiting to do for so long, yet it would make my life complete.
	I opened the door, giggling with anticipation…
	But my smile quickly turned into a frown.
	I was expecting to be greeted by Matthew, with a hug and a kiss… 
	But I found Steve standing in the doorway, with Matthew behind him.
	A million thoughts rushed through my mind at once. What the hell was Steve doing here? We hadn’t spoken to each other in a long time…
	More importantly, why the hell was he here at the same time as Matthew was?
	I could feel my blood run cold, and the colour drain from my cheeks with fear.
	The fear that Steve had found out the truth about Matthew and I.
	Matthew was standing there with his arms folded, appearing uncomfortable, and I didn’t know what to think of it… 
	But Steve was standing there with his eyes bloodshot, a screw-face expression written all over him, looking like he was about to murder.
	I began to feel nauseous. I could feel the bile rise to my throat. I was rendered speechless. I couldn’t even get any words out, because my mouth felt so dry. 
	I found myself stepping backwards into the living room, as Steve made his way inside the house without permission, Matthew following suite. I was trapped… 
	And I needed answers.
	I took a deep breath in and out, trying my best not to have a panic attack. I swallowed down the lump that had formed in my throat, trying my best to compose a sentence and get some sort of explanation as to what was going on. 
	“S – Steve,” I stammered, scratching my arm timidly. “W - what are you doing here?”
“Give it a rest Linda, I know what's going on,” Steve said quietly.
It felt like my heart had stopped beating. Like the world had stopped rotating around me… And I felt so fucking dizzy. I was terrified. Terrified because I knew what was about to happen… Whenever Steve gave me that look, and spoke to me with no emotion in his voice.
I found myself continuing to step backwards in fear. “W - what do you mean?” I pleaded, looking back and forth between him and Matthew and trying my best to put two-and-two together. “M - Matthew is just a friend, we've been t - through this.” I was shaking uncontrollably now, as I darted my gaze back to Matthew almost desperately, wishing that he would help me. “Matthew, tell him!” I begged.
Matthew stared back at me blankly. I was in a state of shock and confusion… Why wasn’t Matthew saying anything? Why wasn’t he standing up for me, after how much he begged me to leave Steve, after how much he cried about how Steve treated me? Yet he wouldn’t say a word to him?
“Give it a rest Linda, I've seen the text messages,” Steve snapped, balling his hand into a fist.
“Matthew, what's going on?!” I pleaded. I didn’t know what to do, or what to say. I was in the dark…
“I'm sorry, Linda,” Matthew said flatly.
He was sorry? 
Sorry for what?!
“Matthew, you've done your part now,” Steve murmured quietly, blood rushing to his cheeks. “You can leave now, I'd like some time alone with my wife.”
“Done his p - part?” I repeated blankly. It felt like the walls were closing in around me. It felt like I was suffocating. I still had no idea what was going on… But something about this was seriously seeming off to me, because Matthew was leaving me alone with the son-of-a-bitch that was my husband… Even though he’d come over here to be with me, like he said on his text messages…
I watched Matthew walk out of the door, and I could feel my heart shatter into millions of pieces. How could this man claim to love me, yet leave me alone in a room with a toxic, manipulative, abusive bastard…
Who looks like he’s about to murder me?
	As Matthew shut the door behind him, all I could do was take rapid breaths in and out, trying my best to remain calm, composed and sane… Praying to God to save me from what was about to happen. 
	Heavenly Father, please help me…
“HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME, LINDA?!” Steve roared, his eyes darting back to me. “HOW COULD YOU?!”
I could feel my blood running cold, as I jumped up in fear at the loudness and brutality in his voice. “Steve, I don't understand what's going on!” I cried out desperately, because I genuinely had no clue, and being in the dark was driving me insane.
“Oh, you want answers?!” Steve bellowed. “I'll give them to you!”
My chest heaved upwards and downwards rapidly. I knew that I wasn’t ready for what I was about to hear…
“Matthew never loved you,” Steve whispered. “He was acting upon my orders to pretend to love you, as a test of your loyalty to me.”
Pain.
Numbness.
Emptiness.
Shock.
Horror.
Heartbreak.
Hurt.
Betrayal.
A million emotions ran through my mind at once.
It felt like I was fading in and out of unconsciousness.
Like I was trapped in a nightmare…
And I couldn’t wake up.
Heavenly Father… 
Please wake me up. 
Please take me out of this maze. 
Please let this nightmare come to an end…
I found myself screaming manically. 
Screaming like there was no sanity left in me.
Screaming until my throat went dry.
Screaming till I was blue in the face…
“And you were loyal to me, very loyal…”
All I could hear were snippets of what Steve was saying to me.
I couldn’t focus.
I couldn’t concentrate.
It felt like I was going mad.
“Never gave him a chance…”
“Until today.”
I found myself screaming again as I slowly began to zone back into reality.
As reality began punching me in the face.
As the reality of Steve’s words started to hit me…
This was the end of the road.
He was going to kill me…
I was sure of it.
Everything that I had with Matthew had been a lie.
It was like an endless game of chess and pawns.
I couldn’t win in life.
I would never have a chance to be truly happy.
All these years I’d spent with Matthew…
All the dates we’d been on together.
The romantic drives, the cute restaurants, the drinks at the bar.
All my feelings…
Had been a lie.
Being dead would be better than living a life like this.
I had nothing left to live for.
Nothing left in life to look forward to.
No glimmer of hope left in my miserable life.
But deep down, I knew…
I knew that I couldn’t let him win.
I couldn’t let this bastard get the better of me.
I couldn’t keep giving him the satisfaction that he owned me…
That he could do whatever he pleased with me.
That I was nothing without him.
I couldn’t die at the mercy of his hands…
I couldn’t allow this bastard to have what he wanted yet again…
I couldn’t keep allowing him to hold a chokehold over my life…
So I found myself begging him to spare me my life.
“Please Steve, please don't hurt me…” I cried out desperately, as he stared at me, stricken with thunder, his blood boiling to the point it almost dried up.
“Please! I just wanted to be happy. I haven't been right since Louis got sent to prison…” I sobbed, collapsing onto the floor, rocking back and forth as I screamed. “I've been so alone! Please, I beg of you, don't hurt me!”
	A blood-curdling scream leapt out of Steve’s mouth, as I felt the heat roaring to my ears. This was the end…
	I was sure of it.
	Forgive me Heavenly Father…
	For I have sinned.
“You went against me and you will be punished!” Steve screamed. “I can't even fucking look at you right now!”
	Steve slapped me across the face repeatedly. I could feel my body go numb as I drifted in and out of unconsciousness. As the pain began to overwhelm my body, and I could feel my heart tear apart at the millions of broken emotions that were hitting it all at once.
Steve slammed my head against the rock-hard floor, until blood began spurting out and I went numb. He punched me in my belly repeatedly, before kicking me in my crotch area and making me cry out in pain.
Please Heavenly Father… 
Let me die.
Please let me die…
I can’t take it anymore.
I don’t want to live life if I’m going to live a life like this.
Please put an end to my suffering.
Please…
Put an end to this endless cycle of pain and heartbreak.
Of blood and betrayal.
“This will teach you a fucking lesson!” Steve roared, as I faded in and out of consciousness. I blinked repeatedly, trying my best to keep my eyes open… trying my best to keep fighting and not let him win.
I found him walking away from my limp body, pacing the room with a deadly expression on his face as my surroundings continued to blur around me.
At least he wasn’t hitting me anymore…
Maybe he was going to spare my life after all…
“I'm leaving town to get my head straight after what you fucking did to me,” Steve spat bitterly, punching the wall and screaming again. 
My head was spinning… 
At this point, I’d given up all hope. 
It wasn’t Steve hitting me that made me feel so shit. It was the fact that God let bad things happen to good people… That no matter how nice I was throughout my life, it all counted for nothing. 
All that ever happened to me was getting hurt by the people that I loved.
	Steve tossed my body around, spitting on me as my head continued to bleed. I couldn’t get a single word out. I couldn’t even feel my body anymore.
“And don't even think about going to the police, or I'll make sure Louis is dead before he even sets foot out of prison,” Steve screamed.
Louis…
My baby Louis.
Even after what he did, he was my son, and I still loved him more than anything…
I still felt responsible as a mother to him.
I had to keep going for his sake. 
I had to keep him safe, whether he was in jail or not.
He would be coming out one day…
“I have men on the inside,” Steve went on, his face stricken with thunder. “See you later, whore.”
	He spat on me again, and stormed out of the room. I clutched my belly in pain. 
	Even if I’d been beaten till I was blue in the face, with no justice served…
	At least Louis was safe.

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

I lay down in bed, silent tears streaming down my face. I was still in excruciating pain. I could barely feel my ribs, and I knew that I couldn't go to the hospital, or they would ask me too many questions, which would result in the police getting involved, and Steve taking revenge against Louis…
	I tried my best to rest, to sleep, to drink water, to take tablets… But nothing was helping. I needed proper medical attention. 
	But I was hurting mentally more than anything. The pain I was feeling in my heart right now was far more severe than any pain Steve could inflict upon me. I couldn't believe that Matthew could do this to me… The one person I trusted, and he was working for Steve the whole time…
	The one man I had a chance of love with.
	Was a goddamn double spy.
I'd lost everything, and I didn’t know how I was going to cope moving forward. I couldn’t get over the betrayal and hurt that I’d experienced. After this, I would never be the same again. I would never be capable of loving a man again, or being myself again…
I had nothing left for me. Just the maternal instinct of protecting my son, despite everything that had happened.
	I drew deep breaths in and out, feeling so timid and helpless. Time and time again, people just continued to use me, make me feel worthless and make me feel shit about myself. Nobody cared about me, nobody loved me. I came into this world alone…
	And I would leave it alone, too.
	I had to keep pushing forward for the sake of Louis. I could never forgive him for what he did, but he was still my own flesh and blood. I couldn’t leave him alone in this world, to get into more trouble and get himself thrown into jail again once he got out. Suicide just wasn’t an option.
	So I guess I only had one idea left…
	I drew in another deep breath, my heart racing as I raised my phone from my bedside table to my face. My arm was still shaking in pain, but I knew that I had to make this call.
	I pressed the phone next to my ear, sighing as I waited impatiently for the person on the other end to pick up. Time felt like it was going slowly; it was killing me inside.
	And then I heard the Bzzzz of them picking up the phone. I took another deep breath in, and then formed a sentence.
“Hey, is this the local dealer in Smethwick?” I asked.
“Yes,” came a gruff voice from a man on the other end of the line.
“Yeah, I need some stuff dropped off to me…” I mumbled, tears rolling down my cheeks. “A thirty bag of coke… Some morphine injections, too.” I swallowed down a lump that formed in my throat.  “Come quickly please,” I pleaded, and then quickly texted him my address, and then hung up the phone before I could change my mind.
	Drugs were the only thing left that I could turn to…
	The only thing left that could possibly have a chance of numbing the pain.

CHAPTER 24
FREEDOM AT LAST

§    LOUIS    §

My last days in prison felt like a dream because I couldn't believe that they were actually going to let me go. I spent my last night shaving, grooming and cleaning out my locker area.
I walked out of my cell to see a policeman standing there with his hands on his hips. It felt like I was in a daze. “Do you really think they're going to let me go?” I found myself asking him.
The cop chuckled in response. “Yes son, you've done your time. They will let you go!”
I punched the air, thrilled. I had to pinch myself a few times just to confirm that this was real. That I wasn’t dreaming. I hadn’t seen daylight for such a long time. 
I searched around the canteen and the main lobby for all of my friends. It was time to say goodbye to all of the friends that I made in here. But I couldn’t find them anywhere…
	I shrugged, leaving the room in the hope that they would turn up sooner or later. I would hate to leave jail without some closure with the people who’d made my life here bearable.
	As I turned on my heel, I heard a voice calling my name.
“Hey Louis, wait up!” 
I turned around to see a brown-skinned man with dreadlocks grinning at me, standing next to another man, who I assumed was his friend, a white man who had his ginger hair tied up in a manbun. I rubbed my chin, confused as to why the hell two strangers I’d never spoken to or seen before, were approaching me and knew of me.
“Do I know you?” I asked flatly.
“Well well well, if it isn't Louis,” he said, with his hands on his hips. “Finally getting out of jail after serving a 5-year sentence.”
	I crossed my arms awkwardly. I didn’t want trouble or to kick off, I’d probably get an extended sentence… And I’d been waiting to get out of prison for so long. I had to try and remain calm and keep it together, even though this man was already making my patience wear thin and making me confused as hell as to how he even knew who I was.
“What's up, cat got your tongue?” said the other. “Not such a big man in jail when you claim to be a mob boss in the streets, are you?”
“Look, I don't want trouble so back off,” I replied, repulsed. Mob boss? How the hell did he know that? I swallowed, afraid that I’d been compromised. “I've got better things to do with my time than entertain dumb yutes like you.” My blood started to boil, and I was starting to get pissed off.
“It's funny how you claim to be a "Mafia kingpin",” the man began, “And that you're part of Steve's criminal organization-” He smirked. “But Steve hasn't come to visit you once while your ass was in jail.”
	Both of them roared with laughter, and I could feel my face falling as my anger continued to rise to the surface. How did these bastards know so much about me, and Steve? I didn’t know, but right now, I wanted to spin both of their jaws and teach them a lesson not to fuck with or play games with me. But I knew better not to say or do anything that could ruin my chances of getting out of here… So I knew that I should just let them have it, as much as it fucking pained me.
	I drew in a deep breath. All I could do was deny their allegations. Innocent till proven guilty, right? “I'm sorry, but I don't know what you're talking about,” I shrugged, and then screwed my face, wanting them to leave me the fuck alone. “Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go back to my cell, it's my last day here.” I rolled my eyes, turning on my heel again, but they just wouldn’t stop talking shit.
“Fucking pussy-hole,” he retorted bitterly. “You know exactly what we're talking about.”
“It's cute how the Mafia boss doesn't have any friends,” said the other, with his hands on his hips. “His own stepdad couldn't even be bothered to come and visit him.”
	He burst into laughter again. I balled my hand into a fist, shaking with rage, using my other hand to keep my fist downwards to stop myself from charging at these shady motherfuckers.
“Then again, Steve's probably busy abusing Louis's junkie of a mother,” he said.
I could feel my blood run cold at these words. It was boiling to the point it almost dried up. I felt myself turning around, staring at the men dead in the face. These motherfuckers should have known better than to mess with me.	
“What the fuck did you just say?” I said quietly, venom drawling all over my voice.
“Oh my God, he doesn't know!” They burst into laughter again, and by this point, I was so angry that I was screaming till my throat went dry.
“DON’T KNOW WHAT?!” I bellowed, punching the wall behind them until my knuckles went bloody. “You bastards better start making sense, or else when I get out of here…”
My eyes were bloodshot. I was so angry. So damn angry. I wanted to murder. I wanted to strangle this man until the wind knocked out of his lungs and he pleaded for air.
“We're not scared by your petty threats,” he retorted, amused. “If you couldn't protect your own mother, what makes you think you could hurt us?”
“Protect my mother from what?!” I screamed, not being able to make sense of what the hell they were saying. “You know nothing about me!”
“Since we're so kind hearted, we'll tell you,” he chuckled. “The streets all know that your stepdad is a woman beater.”
No.
No, no, no…
A woman beater?
Steve?
A woman beater…?
“There was a recording of him beating up your mother circulating the streets-”
“But no-one dared hurt Steve for the monster he is cos they didn't wanna catch a bullet.”
“You've got this all wrong!” I roared in defense. “My stepdad might be many things, but he isn't a woman beater! I would know if something was happening to my own mum!”
“But how could you know, if you're so busy running a drug business?” he remarked. “How could you know, if you hardly spend time with your mum and spend more time living a lie with that stepdad of yours?”
	I screamed. It felt like I was suffocating, and the walls were closing in around me. This couldn’t be real.
	This couldn’t be fucking real.
	I refused to believe it.
“Bye, Felicia.” They blew me a kiss, roaring with laughter and then strutted out of the room.
I drew in a deep breath, trying to make sense of what I’d just heard. Trying to make sense of what the fuck they’d just told me. They were probably just chatting shit to try and get a reaction out of me… I was sure of it. Certain of it. 
Steve wouldn't hurt my mum… would he? How could the streets know about this and not me myself…?
I sighed to myself, my chest heaving upwards and downwards. I was in such a good mood, that I didn’t want anything to ruin it. Why was I letting the opinion of a couple of junkies throw me off? This couldn't be true…
I hated Steve and that was a fact… It was Steve who threw me in here. It was Steve who was the reason that I was in jail in the first place, because of the way he groomed me into this lifestyle while I was still a vulnerable teenager. And for that, I would never forgive him. But once I was out of here, I was going to be leaving the Mafia business behind. I was going to go on to live a legitimate life, on to bigger and better things. I couldn't let what these pussy-holes say get to me. They were definitely chatting shit… They definitely were…
	I drew out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. I was getting out of prison today, and I needed to be happy about that. It was time for a new beginning for me, and for me to move forward with my life. 
	I nodded to myself in satisfaction, doing my best to cheer myself up and ignore all of the nonsense that I’d just heard… And then began walking out of the room, back to my cell, as I waited for the evening to arrive, and for myself to be released from jail at last.

***

It was time for me to leave jail, and I was ecstatic. I was feeling a rush of a million emotions at once, and it felt so damn overwhelming. Just standing at the reception and looking at the door with the anticipation that I would finally be seeing the light of day again made my eyes brim with tears. Five years locked in a box… over 1825 days, and it had come to an end. It felt surreal.
I collected all of the things the cops had taken off me when I first came; my phone, my headphones, my keys, and signed out at the reception.
“Here's all your stuff, kid,” said the cop, handing me all of my belongings in a massive box.
“Thank you,” I sighed, with my hands on my hips. It felt like I was in a dream. I could barely make sense of everything that was going on. The past five years felt like a blur because all that I could see now was the future… I’d come into jail an immature teenager, and came out of it a man.
Before I knew it, I was making my way out of the station, opening the door… And then finally hit daylight. The wind blew in my face, and it felt amazing. Phenomenal. Words couldn’t explain this feeling… A feeling that I used to take for granted. I couldn't believe it. I was out. I was out!
Freedom at last.
I opened up my phone, flicking open my music playlist. It felt so good to have my phone back; my proper phone. I’d forgotten what it was like to plug in my earphones and just enjoy some good music and good, happy vibes. I could do with listening to a bit of my favourite rapper, Bugzy Malone. I clicked on to the song San Andreas Mentality.
And when I look back shit's changed. I remember sitting playing my computer games. San Andreas had me feeling I could rob a bank, and drag a man out of his car with my bare hands. Marijuana had me sitting on the clouds so my perception was foggy, I'm not saying I was proud to have a name in the bits before I ever spat a bar, I made the Ninja go sick before I ever drove a car.
Year nine, we had a nine, it wasn't mine, Fidz held up a shizzer and got time, a year down the line I'm in a good position. The hood knows I'm a banger so I started getting high. And Fidz got out of jail, I looked him in his eye and I could tell that wasn't my jigga, it made me wanna cry. He made me feel little, for him I woulda died, but from the day he dissed me I just wasn't on his side.
So I tried to stop blazing and strengthen my mind. I just wished that Darkee woulda stayed on my side. Then come a stroke of luck, I'm sitting in the dock. My San Andreas mentality had fucked me up and now they're tryna lock me up. My mummy left the courtroom crying so I'm looking at the man that brought me up. No we're not the same colour, but I love him like a dad and even though I diss him he's the only thing I had. So I just hope that he forgives me for the violence, I was in a bad place, seen the devil a couple times and stared death in the face. I remember sitting in that sweatbox, feeling out of place, while everybody's shouting I was picturing my mum's face.
Then we arrived at that jail, the atmosphere was different. Yeah I'd seen a police cell, but I'd never seen a prison. I was only 16, in a terrible position and you wonder why I've got a defensive mechanism? Listen, I don't condone any of my past, all I know is I was young and living fast. Four months down the line, I had the wing on smash, cus' I put on a size, no sign of a moustache. And then they let me out, what a beautiful day, cuh my future looked bright but the sky was grey. Hah, trust my mummy to be 20 minutes late, I've just been released, left hanging at the prison gates. And then they pulled up, my little sister jumped out, Mummy got emotional, we hugged for like five whole minutes...
I switched off the song abruptly. It was crazy how much the lyrics fitted my life right now. Bugzy was making up with his mum when he'd been released from jail, and I knew that I had to do the same. Instead of ringing Ijaz, I started walking to the bus station, ready to catch a bus to take me back to my ends. 
To my mum's house.

***

As I walked down the street and felt the breeze fill my lungs, I couldn’t help but feel like something was wrong. I was trying so hard to forget about it, but I just couldn't stop thinking about what those guys in jail said to me. My mind just couldn’t shake the feeling that that there was some truth to their words. It was driving me insane thinking about it. Everything they said to me kept replaying itself in my mind like a form of torture. I needed the truth. Some honest answers… About Steve beating up my mother. I took a step back to think about it properly… Because none of it made any sense to me. They wouldn't just say it for no reason.
	There had to be some sort of fucking reasoning behind it, as much as the way they spoke to me made my blood boil. I tried my best to pull up memories of my mother and Steve in my head as I walked, doing my best to put two-and-two together and fit together the puzzle pieces in the jigsaw that was my fucking mind. Otherwise, my mind would never be at rest. I’d never be able to move forward with my life, if I kept allowing my past to haunt me.
	And so I thought, hard and clear, about my mother and Steve…

***

I hung up the phone and made my way to the kitchen. Mum was standing there washing the dishes, with her back turned to me.
“Mum, we need to put the food out. Steve’s gonna be here any minute!” I said, with my hands on my hips.
Mum looked startled. “That was fast. I haven’t had time to make him anything.” Mum held her hands against her face, trembling. I didn’t know why she was panicking so much, or why she looked so scared and nervous, but I decided to shrug it off.
“Why am I so stupid?!” Mum screamed.
I laughed awkwardly, furrowing my eyebrows, and then put my hands up to stop Mum from rummaging through the cupboards. “Mum, it’s calm! We have tuna and bread, we’ll make him some sandwiches.”
“I guess that’ll have to do,” Mum replied, unsure. She blew a small sigh of relief and then started preparing the food.
The doorbell sounded. “Steve’s here!” I said excitedly.

***

Steve grabbed my arm and shoved me back into place. "You are to kill that boy," he repeated. "You owe this to me Louis. After everything I've done for you, every battle I've fought for you. All the help I've given to your mum, all the presents I've given you."
"Blackmailing me now are you?" I retorted bitterly.
"If you don't kill this boy," Steve said, "I will make sure you and your mum suffer the consequences."
"Don't you dare do anything to Mum!" I shouted, spitting on his face. The thought of him laying his hands on her was enough to make my blood boil to the point it almost dried up. I had to protect my Mum… "Don't you dare!"
"You're going to have to listen to me then, aren't you Louis?" said Steve.

***

"Can't you leave your friends be just once and spend some time with me?" she pleaded, cutting me off my sentence. "Please Louis, I hardly see you anymore. You’re always out, and you’re never at home anymore."
"Mum, I'm not a little boy anymore," I replied. I felt guilty that I didn’t spend as much time with my mum as I should, but my life was just so hectic, being in the Mafia. I couldn’t afford to lose focus. I hardly had time to even go out with my friends, because there was always shit to take care of, or money to be made. Besides, I needed this night out. I hadn’t had one in what felt like forever, and I needed to take my mind off the shit that had popped off last week, killing Ellie’s rapist. The video on the dark web had already gone viral. Everybody was disturbed as fuck when they watched it, but they left comments saying that it was well-deserved, and that this is how rapists should be dealt with. 
"I'm eighteen Mum. You don't have to worry about me anymore. You should go out more, go on more dates with Steve or something."
She stared at me awkwardly, like she despised the suggestion that I’d just made. “Erm, sure…” Mum said uncomfortably, quickly trying to change the subject from Steve. I found this a bit weird, because she and Steve were supposed to love each other, yet she didn’t want to speak about him, but I just decided to shrug it off instead. I guess it wasn’t my business, and I shouldn’t interfere in things that don’t concern me.

***

As I zoned out of contemplating on the past, I could feel my blood run cold. It felt like I was suffocating. Like the walls were closing back in on me, and I was back in that box that’d I’d been trapped in for five long years. I couldn’t comprehend this situation. I’d convinced myself that those men were lying, that nothing could kill my mood now that I’d been released from jail…
	But it felt like my entire world had turned upside down. I’d failed my mother. The woman who bore me in her womb for nine months, raised me, acted like both a mother and father to me because I grew up without a dad. She’d done so much for me, and I couldn’t even save her from being abused and beaten. She’d done so much for me, yet I couldn’t even bother to notice  how much she was really suffering behind her tough exterior. She’d done so much for me, yet I’d done nothing to her but caused her pain, anguish and disappointment. She’d done so much for me, yet I was a shit son and didn’t even notice her scars and bruises. How scared and terrified she behaved whenever Steve’s name was mentioned. How shadily Steve would act around her, yet I turned a blind eye to it. And I was a fucking bastard for doing that. For allowing my own mother to go through that.
	A man who hits a woman is not a real man.
	I began to scream. I screamed and screamed, dithering in the middle of the street, my voice blood-curdling and hoarse. I screamed until my throat went dry, to the point I collapsed onto the floor and found myself rocking back and forth to stop crying like a manic. 
The men were telling the fucking truth… Two complete strangers, who I’d never spoken to before, who I’d never came across or heard of… Knew about my own mother’s abuse before I did. I found out from two junkies what my mother had to endure. I would never be able to forgive myself for my arrogance. I felt like a walking fucking disappointment. Not only did I get myself thrown in jail, I became the kingpin of the Mafia of which the previous man beat the daylights out of the woman who brought me into this world and gave me life. 
I couldn't believe that I didn't realise sooner what was going on. I couldn’t believe how blind I was to what was staring at me right in the face. I couldn't protect my mother from Steve… Instead, I worked for Steve and gave him unimaginable money and satisfaction… Did whatever he told me to do… Levelled up in his criminal organization…
What the fuck had I done?! 
I was a terrible man. A terrible, terrible man… 
All I knew now was that I would avenge my mother. To seek justice for her. Steve was a dead fucking man walking. Only God knew what my mother had to go through for all of these years… Only God knew how many times Steve had made her suffer, had beaten her, and she put up with it without making me suspect a thing…
No wonder my real dad warned me to stay away from Steve! 
“FUCKKKKKKKKKKK!” I screamed, breaking down into fresh sobs. 
It felt like I would never stop crying. My heart was breaking, shattering into millions of pieces, and my blood was fucking boiling. It felt like somebody was beating me with a hammer continuously and they wouldn’t stop. Thousands of emotions shot through my body at once.
Guilt.
Pain.
Hurt.
Betrayal.
I could barely breathe. I was shaking with rage. Steve was going to pay for this… and I was going to fucking make sure of it. The day I found him, would be the day that I made him beg for his life and made him wish that he was never born. Fucking son-of-a-bitch. Disgusting scum.
I drew deep breaths in and out rapidly, trying my best not to have a panic attack. Trying my best to keep it together, and compose myself, because I needed to see my mum and reassure her that everything was going to be okay moving forward. That no harm would ever come her way again… And that this time, I wouldn’t fuck up, or be a failure. I would try my best to get my life back on track, and help her to mend her own broken heart.
“I know I wasn't there for you before, Mum…” I whispered to myself, tears rolling down my cheeks. “But I'll always be here for you now. I’ll do anything to protect you.”
	I took another deep breath in, drying my eyes, trying my best to stop crying. Mum couldn’t know that I found out about this. I was going to have to keep it a secret and deal with it my own way, as hard as it fucking was not to make my anger and upset known to her… 
Because otherwise, she wouldn’t allow me to take revenge on Steve. She’d stop me, tell me I’m being stupid, that she’s fine and doesn’t need saving… 
When in reality, the only way to deal with bastards like Steve and teach them a lesson for real is to bury them six feet under the ground.
I knew that I wanted to start a new life and a clean slate, but this was just something that I had to take care of to gain peace and closure. To put the Mafia behind me for good. I knew how to kill men without being caught; it was just the one man I had a life-long feud with who I’d been caught for because of bad fucking timing. Steve couldn’t get away with what he did. He had to suffer, just like he made Mum suffer for all of these years. Women beaters should get the fucking death penalty.
Vengeance is mine.

***

I knocked on the door loudly, hammering and hammering. After five long minutes, Mum finally opened it.
"Hello Mum," I said quietly, trying my best to stay strong for her sake. I was seeing my mum after five long years. As soon as she saw me, she burst into tears, ready to shut the door on me.
"Mum please don't lock me out." I was begging now. Seeing her so upset was breaking my heart. I just wanted to fix things between us, because the last time I saw her, she told me that she never wanted to see or hear from me again, and that I deserved my time in prison. And the funny thing was that I deserved every word, and every word was true… I did deserve to do time for what I did. It wasn’t just Thomas that I’d killed. It was countless men, not to mention the amount of lives I’d destroyed by selling people drugs to feed on their addiction. All of the blood money that I’d made. 
"I wanna talk to you. Please Mum. Please." Thinking about everything, I started crying myself, unable to hold my tears back anymore.
"Oh son..." Mum murmured, taking me into her arms. She sobbed into my chest, allowing me to come inside. I felt a shiver come over me as I watched my mother weep, in the same room that I used to play PlayStation games with Steve and give grief to my mother for complaining about when money was tight.
And it was at this point, that I was truly ashamed of myself for being the bastard that I’d become.

***

I told Mum about life in prison, and how I'd learnt my lesson. I said sorry for the things that I'd done, and promised to try and make something of my life. To work in retail, settle down and even go into music.
"I'm proud of you," she whispered. "Don't let me down again." She took a deep breath in, her voice cracking as she stifled a sob. “You’re all I’ve got, Louis.”
I know Mum, I know… I thought to myself, my heart continuing to split open at her words. I tried my best not to break down in front of her, before she realized that something was wrong and that I knew the truth about what she’d been through. I’ll make sure that you’re never upset again, I confirmed to myself. It was time to make amends, for real this time.
"I won't let you down again," I promised, and hugged her again. 
Everything was starting to look up.

CHAPTER 25
THE MYSTERIOUS WOMAN

§    LOUIS    §

For a few weeks, I'd applied for lots of jobs and got an interview at Hollister. It was a group interview, but I gave amazing answers, and I could tell that I'd got the job.
"You'll find out within 2 weeks whether you've got the job or not," said the manager, with her hands on her hips. Everyone started walking out of the shop, but then she called me back. "Hey, it's Louis isn't it?"
I turned around, rubbing my chin in thought. "That's my name," I grinned.
She smiled. "You've got the job."
I laughed. "I knew I did!"
"Oooo, confident eh?" she teased me. "You just need to fill out some forms and we'll give you your induction tomorrow."
I nodded. "That's smashing!"
I'd got the job. I'd got the job! I was fucking ecstatic. Things were already starting to look up for me. As long as I was making legitimate, clean money from now on, that was all that mattered… Even if it meant that I wasn’t making thousands and thousands every day like I used to be. Money wasn’t everything… and taking this job at Hollister would be the key to getting my life back on track.

***

It had been two weeks since I'd started working at Hollister. I really liked the job. I really liked everyone who worked here. We had a laugh, and it was so much better than what I used to do.
It felt good to finally live a normal life. Not a word from Steve, and not a word from Thomas, because he was dead and I’d paid the price for it. Me and Ijaz still chilled out, but that was about it. I didn’t need hundreds of friends, as long as I had quality company and a man who always had my back and was there for me through thick and thin… Ijaz. Just like he’d looked out for me while I was locked up.
I went downstairs to sort out the clothes on the rail and put out some new perfume boxes. As I put the clothes on-to hangers and then hung them on the rail, I felt a long, slender hand wrap around my arm. The hand of a woman, with long, pink painted designer nails covered with rhinestones. I took a deep breath in as I turned around to face her and see who it was. 
An incredibly stunning girl had walked up to me. It was safe to say that she’d left me speechless and fucking lost for words. She looked amazing from every angle. She was wearing a fitted burgundy-coloured bodycon dress, which teased her cleavage and was short enough to just about cover her ass, leaving little to the imagination. Her long, sexy legs went on for days. I felt myself biting my lip as I stared at her. She had emerald green eyes, jet black hair, lightly tanned skin, and her eyebrows were arched and perfect. Her lips were painted red, and she had a slim, hourglass figure.
"Excuse me," she said, smiling and snapping me out of my trance, "do you know where these jeans are?" She pointed to an image of the jeans from the Hollister website.
"Yeah, right this way," I replied, smiling back, finding myself coughing in an attempt to re-compose myself. Just looking at her had me all undone. I lead her to the right area.
"Thank you!" she exclaimed, and then picked up the jeans. "Hey, do you know where this perfume bottle is?" She pointed to another image.
Why was she acting like a thick plank? She could have easily found these clothing items if she just used her eyes to look, or she could have just gone to the counter and had them all picked up for her. I was confused, but didn't hesitate to give her directions. I was getting paid regardless, after all, and I found her stupidity quite amusing.
“Yeah, right this way,” I smiled, with my hands on my hips, and then signaled her to another area in the shop.
Once she'd picked up the perfume bottle, she asked where a particular shirt was, then lingerie, then a jumper. I rolled my eyes, because her list was endless. I raised my eyebrow but didn't complain.
"It's funny how you're not telling me to get lost," she said, laughing.
"It's my job to help you, I work here," I said awkwardly.
"Mmm, true…” she murmured, biting her lip as she held eye contact with me. “Do you sell notebooks?" she asked.
"No I don't think we do, you're gonna have to go to Poundland for that mate," I retorted, chuckling.
"Oh that's a shame…” she drawled, “Cos I was gonna use it to write my number down for you.” She spoke slowly, and I found myself hanging off her every word. She had a seductive tone to her voice, her eyes not leaving mine for a second. She bit her lip slowly as she took in every inch of my face. 
I was baffled. I didn’t know if I was more baffled at the fact a woman had approached me at work, or the fact that she was far from subtle when she spoke to me. Purposefully eye-fucking me to make me aware how sexy she found me, and touching me with those hands when she really didn’t need to. And the funny thing was, was that I liked it… I found her just as sexy as she found me. I didn’t think I’d ever came across a woman as beautiful as her in my life before. 
I wasn't sure if I was meant to be taking customers' numbers since I worked here, but she was too beautiful for me to hesitate. I suddenly realised why she'd acted so dopey – it was all an act to finally say what she wanted to.
I laughed at her, not responding to what she said. There wasn’t any harm in playing hard to get, was there? I was keen to see how she’d proceed and what she’d say to me now.
"Take it," she whispered, grabbing a receipt from her bag and scribbling down her number on it. She folded it into my hands, her hand purposefully lingering there. "My name's Sarina," she went on, her big green eyes staring at me. It felt like she was undressing me with them. I would be lying if I said that I didn’t love this dirty little game that she was playing. Fuck, it had been so long since I slept with a woman. Spoke to a woman. Had human interaction with a woman. "Now, are you gonna make me pay for these goods or what?" She laughed.
I laughed in response, trying my best to remain cool and collected, and not make myself look like a desperate creep, because I could hardly take my fucking eyes off of her. Her body was insanely sexy, not to mention how pretty her face was. She looked like a fucking Barbie doll. I couldn’t touch her without her permission… But I could at least admire the view, right? 
"Of course," I replied, scanning all the items. "That'll be 100 quid... Sarina."
I loved the way her name sounded on my lips, and I watched her blush bright red. I would be lying if I said that this wasn’t a fucking turn-on. The simplest action had her all undone, nervous, hot and bothered. I was starting to think about all of the other places I could say it where she’d scream my name.
I coughed, begging my mind to snap out of my dirty fucking thoughts, and focus on my job.
"I'm sure you can give me a fiver discount," she pushed, coughing.
"Hahaha, nice try," I remarked. "It'll be the full 100."
"Fine," she replied, but she didn't complain. She gave me the money and took her bags. "Remember to text me," she added quietly, winking.
And with that, she left the shop. I didn't know why this girl looked a little familiar to me, like I'd seen her somewhere before. I couldn’t quite put my finger on where, though. 
Oh well, I wasn't complaining. She was beautiful… and she'd just given me her number!
I found myself biting my finger in the anticipation of getting to know her. I was going to have a lot of fun with her. She was confident, bold and sexy, and she knew what she wanted. It was really hot to watch.

CHAPTER 26
DIRTY DEVILISH THOUGHTS

§    LOUIS    §

“Hey Boss,” I smiled, with my hands on my hips.
	“What's up, Louis?” she asked, rubbing her chin in thought.
	“Is it alright if I leave work early today?” I asked, rubbing my neck sheepishly. I felt so lame right now. I was leaving work early for a woman that I’d just met… But I just couldn’t let this opportunity slide. Just ten minutes speaking to her was enough to leave me wanting more… I was curious about her, and I wanted to get to know her. “I have an emergency at home,” I lied quickly.
	My manager looked at me disapprovingly, but didn’t protest. “Sure, but you'll have to pick up an extra shift later on in the week,” she shrugged.
	“Thanks Boss, you’re the best,” I grinned, and found myself not just walking out of the shop, but strutting. I was so fucking excited to see Sarina and learn more about her. She looked like a mystery – a mystery that I wanted to solve.

§    MANAGER    §

As I watched Louis walk out of the shop, I couldn’t help but giggle to myself. It was hilarious how he thought that he could pull the family emergency excuse on me. I knew what he was up to… I saw the CCTV. But hey, who was I to deprive a man of seeing a woman he wanted?
	I smiled to myself, and then made my way back upstairs to my office to carry on with my paperwork.

§    LOUIS    §

As soon as I left Hollister, I texted Sarina. I couldn't resist. She was so upfront and confident, I found myself drawn to her like a magnet. I prayed to myself in my head that she was still in Bullring and that she hadn’t gone home yet, or else I’d just left work and made myself look like an absolute prat for nothing.
Are you still in town? I wrote.
She replied straightaway. Yeah, I'm just coming out of Selfridge's right now.
Ah that's lit. Fancy seeing me while I'm still here b? I've just come out of work, I texted.
I don't see why not, she replied, with a black moon emoji. I smiled to myself.
I'll see you in the food court, I texted.
Sound b x she replied.
I switched my phone off, and shoved it into my pocket, as I began to make my way to the food court, and saw her standing there waiting for me. She rubbed her neck sheepishly, like all of the confidence that she had earlier had evaporated. Maybe it was just the effect of my presence around women. I could tell that she was getting nervous around me.
She breathed in slowly. "Hey," she said finally, breaking the awkward silence between us. I found myself smirking, shifting my eyes from side to side.
"Hey," I replied, grinning. “Soooo…” I began. “Can I treat you to a burger?”
"Nah, it's on me," she said, smiling, with her hands on her hips, as we joined the queue.
"No I insist," I pushed on. "Least I can do for such a beautiful girl," I added on cheekily, winking at her.
She blushed a bright crimson red, the colour of her cheeks practically matching the colour of her dress. "You're not too bad yourself," she grinned. A dimple formed in her cheek. God, she was so pretty.

***

We were sitting down, eating our burger and chips and drinking coke, getting to know each other.
"So are you from these ends b?" I asked her.
"Nah, I'm from Nottingham," she explained. "I'm staying in Birmingham for a few months with my aunt."
"Ah," I responded. "I've always been from Birmingham, you see."
"Hahaha it's so nice up here. I really like it, wish I could live here permanently,” she smiled.
"Why don't you then?" I asked.
"My mum's ill you see. I have to look after her and she doesn't like London so I just have to do what she wants. My dad isn't around anymore so I try my best coping on my own,” she shrugged.
I gasped a little. "Your dad isn't around?" I asked.
"Yeah, he left me when I was ten," she explained. "I'm doing fine just me and my mum though. I don't need a dad."
I was surprised. Her dad had left her at the same age mine did? It seemed a bit strange. Part of me wanted to say "same here" but I didn't want to look desperate by forcing the two of us to be compatible. "That's a shame," I said instead. "It must be really hard for you b."
"Nah, it's a piece of cake," she said. "But anyway, enough about me. Tell me about yourself b."
"Well, I work at Hollister," I said, laughing. "I don't know to be honest. I'm just out here having fun. Ever since I was sixteen, just been partying, chilling with my boys, trying to stack P's, you know?"
She nodded, laughing. I didn’t want to tell her about my involvement in the Mafia. I didn’t want to tell her that I’d just come out of prison a few weeks ago. I didn’t want to ruin the moment or put her off from talking to me… 
The same mistake that I’d made with Chantelle all of those years ago.
"About that party life eh? I don't really party myself cos I have to work so hard for my mum, don't really get much time for myself..." She paused. "But now I'm up in Birmingham living with my aunt I'd love to go to a party, kick my legs up and relax a bit..."
"Why didn't you say so?" I asked, hyper. "We can go to a party together. I haven't been to one myself since..." I broke off my sentence. I hadn't been to a party since I'd been thrown in prison.
"Since when?" she asked.
"Since last month," I lied quickly. "Been ages."
"Well we better party then!" she exclaimed. "How about next weekend?"
"Lit b," I said in response. "Why not tonight though?"
"Ah, my aunt needs me at home for a few things. Gonna be a busy week. But I'll be free next weekend, definitely."
"Calm, calm," I replied. I smiled at her, and she smiled back.
We continued getting to know each other for hours, talking about our families, our hobbies, our interests, our tastes, the food that we liked, funny memories that we had in the past… and I was already really into her. Settling down into the normal life and not the road life was going so well. I’d got myself a job, made up with my mother, and now I’d met a gorgeous girl who showed a real interest in me. Maybe this girl was the one for me. I was getting a really good feeling about her… 
Was it stupid of me to already get my hopes up over a woman that I’d just met? I didn’t know. But my attitude towards women had changed ever being locked up inside. I was getting tired of casual sex… I wanted something deeper and meaningful to stop feeling empty inside, and fill the void within me.
And this was a feeling that I hadn’t had since I met Chantelle all of those years ago.
But I couldn’t keep dwelling on Chantelle. It had been a long time since we’d met each other, and I needed to move on with my life. To shut Chantelle from my mind, and give a new girl a chance.
And this woman was already helping me to forget the past, and look forward to a bright and fun future, even if we didn’t end up as something serious.

CHAPTER 27
ABID AND ALIYAH

§    ALIYAH    §

Abid was kissing me with urgency, his hands rubbing up and down my ass while I sat on his lap, my hands running down his chiseled chest as I moaned into his mouth. He always left me breathless and hot for him whenever he touched me. I ached for his fingers to trace my curves in all of the right places, and for him to leave wet kisses all over my neck.
“I love you,” I whimpered, as he played with my clit while we kissed.
“I love you too, baby,” he whispered against my mouth, and then plunged his fingers inside of me, causing my hips to buck against him as I screamed and threw my head back in pleasure.
	“Fuckkkkkkkkkk,” I moaned, tangling my fingers into his hair as I rocked against him. “Don’t stop baby… Please…”
	He took one of my nipples into his mouth, and my eyes rolled back as I continued to scream uncontrollably, the pleasure of his fingers inside of me while he sucked on my breasts too much for me to handle. Once I orgasmed, I rolled over onto the bed, panting and gasping for air. He gave me a soft kiss on the cheek, before getting out of bed and changing into his clothes.
	“Where are you going, babe?” I asked, breathless.
	“I hate to cut this short, baby,” he replied, “But I have unfinished business to take care of. I'll meet you at the airport at the end of the day, babe.”
“Perfect,” I smiled, kissing his cheek quickly, and then collapsed back into my covers, whimpering because I still hadn’t recovered from the pleasure that I’d just experienced. 
We were going to move away together tonight… Far out of Birmingham. Far out of the country.
Which reminded me that I had unfinished business to take care of, too. I took a couple of deep breaths in and out, before reaching for my phone on the bedside table, and tapping in my Boss’s number. I swallowed nervously, knowing that he wouldn’t take the news of me wanting to leave the MI5 lightly, and he would probably put up a fight. Regardless, he needed to know that I wouldn’t be working for him again… And I didn’t want him to come looking for me after I ran away with Abid.
	I held my phone against my ear, as I patiently waited for my Boss to pick up the phone. I didn’t care about this job anymore, because I just wanted to be happy. And Abid was probably the only person who had ever made me happy. I was so excited to start a new chapter in my life with him by my side, and go on endless adventures together, living our best lives.
	There was a Bzzzz and a phone crackling sound on the other end, that interrupted my thoughts. He’d picked up the call.
“Hey Boss?” I said down the line.
“Aliyah, where have you been these last few days?!” he roared. “I've been so fucking worried! I've been trying to contact you, and your phone's been dead! What's going on?! You have work to do!”
	I rolled my eyes, because I knew that he was going to react and speak to me this way. I needed to get this over-with, so that I could finally forget about being a Secret Agent, and move on with my life.
“Sorry Boss, I haven't been feeling too great…” I lied. “I left town for a few days to get my head straight.” I sighed down the line again, knowing that I would have to cough out the truth sooner or later. I felt nervousness wash over my body, as sweat began to bead on my forehead. “Look Boss, I want to leave the force,” I began. “I don't want to be a secret agent anymore. I want to leave the country and start a new life for myself. I’m tired of this job.”
	I folded my arms uncomfortably, knowing that he was going to scream at me again. Like I gave a fuck. The sooner I got rid of him and put him off my trail, the better.
“WHAT?!” Boss roared. There was another phone crackling noise, and I could hear him take a deep breath in on the other side of the line. “Aliyah, what the fuck is going on?! Is somebody pressuring you to say this shit?!”
	I heard a punch, and jolted backwards in shock. I knew that he was going to be angry… But I hadn’t expected him to be this angry.
“No, it's not like that, Boss,” I said quickly. I just want to leave. I thought that I owed you an explanation before picking up and going without letting you know.” I let out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. “I'm thankful for everything you've done for me, but it ends now.”
My heart continued to thump against my chest with nerves. This was going to be a lot harder than I originally thought that it was going to be.
“First you leave town without letting any of us know…” Boss screamed. “Then you tell us you want to stop working as a secret agent?!” I could hear another loud smash, like he’d thrown something very hard onto the floor. “I'm not having this shit, Aliyah!”
It felt like my heart was in my throat, because I was so terrified. I didn’t want to hear any more of his words, any more of his shouting and screaming, and any more of his anger and aggressiveness. I was tired of following his orders, and tired of my job getting in the way of my happiness. I didn’t want anything to get in the way of me and Abid moving out of the country tonight.
	I just wanted everything to go to plan. I’d told my Boss that I was going to leave my job now, so I’d done my part. I just had to look forward to the future with Abid now. 
	I hung up the phone, and tossed it to the side, taking deep breaths in and out. I needed to focus on tonight, and not let my Boss kill my mood. Soon, me and Abid were going to be together forever, and this time, nothing was going to stand in our way. Not Trex, not my job, not anyone.

§    ALIYAH’S BOSS    §
                                                                                                 
I continued to listen to the phone angrily, waiting for her to respond to me. Stupid bitch. She was getting on my last fucking nerve.
	“Aliyah?!” I shouted. 
	No response.
“ALIYAH?” I repeated in a bitter, demanding tone.
Still no response.
I pulled my phone away from my ear angrily, holding it up to my face. The line had gone dead. She wasn’t even fucking listening to me anymore.
“She fucking hung up on me!” I bellowed angrily, and began punching the wall in front of me repeatedly. I was so angry right now… So fucking angry.
“What the fuck are you up to, Aliyah?!” I roared. By now, I’d punched the wall so many times, that my knuckles had gone sore and bloody. I screamed angrily, until I was blue in the face and my throat went dry. I angrily slammed all the paperwork down onto the floor. My blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up.
	I shook my fists angrily, my patience wearing thin. Stupid fucking whore. Did she think that being a secret agent was like a holiday camp, where she could just leave whenever she wanted or pleased?! She was severely fucking mistaken!
	Vlado walked into my office, another useless cunt that I’d hired who sucked just as bad as she fucking did. I guess he heard me screaming, and I really couldn’t be arsed to deal with his bullshit too.
“Is everything alright, Boss?” he shrugged, concerned. “You look a little heated.”
“Oh, you bet I'm fucking heated!” I retorted. “Aliyah wants to leave the force!”
“What the fuck!” Vlado denied. He sighed, and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “That doesn't sound like something Aliyah would do.”
“I know!” I shot back. “After everything I've fucking done for her! After saving her just a few minutes before she was about to die!”
I was so angry. So angry. Aliyah had taken advantage of my kindness time and time again, but this time, she wasn’t going to get away with it so easily. She should have known better by now than to piss me off after all of the countless favours that I’d done for her.
“Something doesn't seem right here,” Vlado commented thoughtfully.
“You bet,” I said, rolling my eyes, wishing that he would just get the fuck out of my office already.
“Is there anything that I can do, Boss?” Vlado asked.
I rolled my eyes again, but then narrowed them because I could do with some help in the situation. I needed to find Aliyah, and demand answers from her. She wasn’t going to mug me off for a third time in this line of fucking work.
“Yes, as a matter of fact, there is something you can do,” I shot at Vlado, folding my arms angrily as I tried my best to calm down and remain cool and collected. “I want you to trace her phone.” I paused. “We'll confront the bitch in person. See what the fuck she’s up to before she even plans on crossing the border.”
“You got it, Boss,” said Vlado, nodding in approval, and then turned on his heel, leaving my office, as the blood in my body continued to run dry because of how angry I was feeling right now.

MEANWHILE…

§    ABID    §

I walked into an abandoned subway station, where I promised Trex that I would meet him. It was Trex that I needed to take care of… It was Trex who was the epitome of the unfinished business that I needed to take care of, just like I’d told Aliyah. I needed to throw him off the trail, to feed him a bullshit story so that he wouldn’t look for me when I left Birmingham with Aliyah and started a new life with her. I needed to leave the Mafia behind me… And that meant that I had to let go of my best friend, too.
	I knew it was selfish of me, but I couldn’t lose Aliyah again, even if it meant losing my fucking brother, my best friend, the man who had been through everything with me through thick and thin in the Mafia. I was willing to leave him behind… 
	Because I knew that if he found out that Aliyah was still alive, he wouldn’t spare her, or let her live… And I couldn’t go through that heartbreak again. I was a mess when I thought that Aliyah died, and now that I’d found out she was still alive, I would do anything to protect her. Even if it meant cutting a life-long tie with a man that I’d known since I was a fucking kid. I didn’t want to go back to my messed up, depressed state. Because God knows, if I ever had to live without Aliyah again… I’d put an end to my life. I couldn’t even imagine a life without her in it anymore.
	As I walked into the Subway Station, Trex was waiting there, in his blue hoodie and tracksuit pants, with his back pressed up against a cold wall, and his arms folded. He had a blank expression on his face. I felt a massive flood of guilt and sadness washed over me, as I realized that this would probably be the last time I ever saw him again. That this was the end to our friendship, and after this…
	I would be khalas. Gone out of the country. 
	I couldn’t believe that I was about to lie to him… But it was a sacrifice that I had to make in order to be happy again. To stop my mental health from suffering again. To stop me from abusing drugs again, and walking through Bullring and the streets of Birmingham feeling lonely and empty, with a void within me.
“Where've you been, man?” Trex shrugged, as I joined him at the wall, taking a cigarette into my mouth. “I've been trying to ring you.” He paused, narrowing his eyes and rubbing his chin thoughtfully, and I could feel myself swallowing down a lump that had formed in my throat. “Was the lay that good?” he asked sheepishly.
“Lay?” I repeated blankly, repulsed, because I had no idea what he was going on about. “What are you talking about?”
	Trex folded his arms, his smile turning into a frown. “You texted me at the club that you were getting laid,” he reminded me.

§    TREX    §

I couldn’t help but feel like something was off with Abid. I wasn’t smiling anymore, because I knew that something was seriously wrong. He was acting lost and clueless, and I couldn’t quite put my finger on what was happening with him. My head was struggling to process why the hell he didn’t remember something that happened just a few nights ago. He was the one who wanted to see me, yet he wouldn’t tell me, his fucking brother, what was bothering him. I took a deep breath in, folding my arms, trying my best to read his facial expressions after he attempted to explain himself.

§    ABID    §

“Oh yeah, that…” I said quickly, angry at myself for acting so stupid. 
I was just so nervous. It felt like my heart was about to leap out of my throat.
“It was real good,” I said sheepishly, knowing that I would have to change the subject fast, because it was Aliyah that I had spent the night with. “She was sexy as hell.”
	Trex chuckled. This was good… He wasn’t frowning anymore. I guess he was beginning to believe the bullshit story that I was feeding him. I needed to keep his mood high, before I broke the news to him.
“What about that chick you met in the bar?” I asked, smiling, with my hands on my hips.
“She wouldn't go further than kissing,” Trex sighed, rolling his eyes exhaustedly. “Fucking waste of time!”
	He sighed, and I let out a nervous chuckle. Before I knew it, I could feel myself taking deep breaths in and out again. I needed to get this over with, so that I wouldn’t feel even more worse than I already did about this whole situation.
 “Have we got any jobs to do, then?” I asked, scratching my arm awkwardly.
“Surprisingly, no,” Trex shrugged.
I narrowed my eyes, taken aback and surprised at this, because there was never usually a time where we didn’t have any jobs to do and complete. “Why?” I denied.
“Steve left town and no-one has a clue where the fuck he is,” Trex sighed, folding his arms agitatedly. “And Louis has been living a clean life since he left prison.” He shook his head tiredly. “The Mafia's falling apart man. We haven’t even got our Mob bosses here.”
“That's too bad man,” I shrugged, trying my best to sound sympathetic. Deep down though, I was relieved, because if the Mafia was falling apart, it meant that it would be a lot easier to leave than I originally anticipated it to be.
“Too bad?” Trex repeated, repulsed at my words. 
He suddenly looked pissed off. By now, I was sure that I was giving myself away. I kept saying the wrong things, and I was pissing myself off at this point for not being able to compose a decent, convincing sentence together.
“It's a fucking shit show!” Trex shouted bitterly. “I'm losing so much fucking money.”
I scratched my arm awkwardly, as I thought of Louis. “Why don't you just go legit like Louis is, then?” I shrugged timidly, and then took my head into my hands, knowing that I’d said the wrong fucking thing again.
	Trex cracked up into a fit of manic laughter, as I stared back at him with an awkward expression on my face. Before I knew it, there was an awkward silence between us both, and I kept running through scenarios in my head, knowing that I couldn’t have fucked up more badly than this.
“What?” I said flatly, in a poor attempt to break the silence.
“Go legit?” Trex repeated, his face suddenly going white as the blood and colour drained out of it. Like he was horrified that I would even suggest such a thing in the first place. “The Mafia is in my fucking blood!” he roared. “I'd rather die! This is who I am!”
He shook his fists angrily, and I knew that I had to choose my next words carefully, to avoid pissing him off even more. I sighed.
Fuck it. It was now or never. I had to tell him now, instead of beating around the bush like a fucking pussy. The sooner I got this out of the way, the better. I didn’t have time to hang around all day… I had a plane to catch in a few hours’ time.
“Well I don't mean to kill the mood, but-” I sighed heavily, and then shook my head. “I'm leaving town too, man,” I shrugged, feeling a weight lifted off my shoulders as I finally spat it out.
Trex’s face fell. His angry, bitter expression from before had completely gone… 
And it was replaced with sadness.
The guilt was eating me up inside now more than ever. I felt like fucking shit. I felt terrible.
“What?” Trex repeated flatly, his eyes shining with tears. “You've got to be fucking kidding me man!” He grabbed hold of my shoulders, shaking them repeatedly as his heartbroken gaze melted into mine. I felt so fucking terrible right now, I couldn’t even look him in the eye anymore. “We're fucking brothers, and you're leaving me in Birmingham alone?!”
His voice cracked, and it was filled with sadness and hurt. This was the raw Trex, the side of him that he never showed to other people, because he always shut away his feelings, and put up a tough exterior…
I couldn’t do this to him. I couldn’t make his heart break even more than it already had. Trex used to be all I had, the only friend I ever needed… And I was leaving him for a woman. I was leaving my brother, for a woman…
And the fucked up thing was that as much as it pained me, I wouldn’t change my mind or do things differently. And that was screwing with my mind more than it should.
Nevertheless, my own eyes glistened with tears. I couldn’t tell him the truth. I couldn’t admit that I was leaving forever, and rub even more salt in the wound. I was a wuss. A pussy boy. And before I could stop them, the words tumbled out of my mouth, and I couldn’t take them back.
“Relax, I'm not leaving you,” I lied.
	Trex furrowed his eyebrows, now appearing more confused than ever. For fuck’s sake. What the fuck had I done? I was just digging a deeper hole into my own grave at this point.
“It's just, I found out my mum's health is deteriorating man,” I said quickly, knowing that I would have to continue lying now. “I've gotta be there for her to help her get through it.” I sighed, my chest heaving upwards and downwards as my heart hammered against it. “S – so I'm catching a flight to N – New York tonight,” I stammered.
	I was a terrible fucking liar.
	Trex folded his arms, staring at me with an uneasy and blank expression on his face. The tears that welled up in his eyes earlier were replaced with confusion. 
	Forgive me, Lord… 
For lying to my best fucking friend.
“I didn't know that you were still in touch with your mum,” Trex said flatly. I didn’t respond. I didn’t want to make this situation even worse than it already was, or to make it obvious that I was lying.
“Well I hope she gets better,” he shrugged, and then his facial expression slowly transitioned back into a neutral one, making me feel a little more relieved than earlier.
“And don't go away for too long, we've got money to be making,” Trex smiled, folding his arms.
“Yeah,” I sighed, scratching my neck sheepishly. I was pressed for time now more than ever, and I needed to get out of here. “I'll see you around man,” I mumbled, and let out another deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. This was it. The last time I’d ever be seeing or hearing from Trex again.
I needed to get myself together, though. Nobody was forcing me to move away with Aliyah… This was a choice that I’d made myself, on my account.
And I would always choose her…
Over and over again, no matter what life threw at us.
I turned on my heel, and began walking away from Trex.
It was time for a new beginning.

§    TREX    §

My eyes burned into Abid’s back, as I watched him walk away from me and leave the abandoned subway station.
	He’d flipped his phone out of his pocket as soon as I was out of ear-shot, which just aroused more suspicion from me. He never took private calls before. We did everything together. We didn’t hide shit from each other. Everything we did was out in the open.
	Something had happened in the club that night that he told me he was getting laid. I didn’t know what, but I just knew that something was wrong, and I couldn’t shake this feeling…
	How shadily he was behaving just now, and all of the shit he said about leaving the Mafia.
I wasn’t buying his bullshit story for a second. All that shit he said about his mum not being well. He hadn’t seen his mum since he was a kid… and he was born in Birmingham. Did he think that I was a fucking fool to believe that his mum lived in New York, in a whole new country?!
I folded my arms, my brain itching to know what the hell was going on. My mind wouldn’t be at rest until I found out, either…
What are you up to, Abid?

CHAPTER 28
ON THE RUN

§    ABID    §

It was finally the time for me and Aliyah to run away together. I was so fucking excited. I couldn't believe that she was finally mine. I'd suffered so much without her… 
I was leaving the Mafia for her. Everything I knew… The life that I grew up in, for the woman that I loved.
It was going to be one heck of an adventure. Sex in the morning, working in the day, partying at night… 
I couldn't fucking wait.
Sipping on margaritas with the woman that I loved.
Holding her fucking hand, and kissing her in public to show everyone that she was all mine.
And nobody could take that away from me.
I flicked my phone open and quickly tapped in her number on the keypad, holding the phone up to my ear. She picked up immediately, answering with that sweet, sexy voice that always left me undone.
“Meet me outside town babe,” I grinned. “Bring my sunglasses. You all packed?”
She giggled on the other end. “Yep, I'm all ready, babe. I've got all of our bags too. I'll be with you in ten minutes.” She took a deep breath in. “I love you.”

§    ALIYAH    §

I hung up the phone and felt my cheeks flush a bright pink. I was so excited to leave with Abid… 
To leave everything I knew behind to spend my life with the man that I loved.
I was so excited to see where life would take us, and now it was just a matter of a few hours before that life would begin.
	I dusted myself off, changing into a sexy hot pink coloured bralette paired with denim shorts and long, slinky gold high heels that emphasized my legs. I gave my hair a quick curl and put on some strawberry-flavoured lipgloss.
	I stared at myself in the mirror a few times, smoothing my hands over my ass to see if it looked peachy enough in these shorts. I took a deep breath in, and let out a little giggle. I really hoped that Abid would like my outfit.
	I could feel my heart hammer against my chest. My mind was already going crazy just thinking about the things that Abid would do to me… The way that he would touch me and trace my curves in all of the right places.
“Damn!” I whimpered to myself. “I should get going before my imagination makes us miss our flight…”
	I dusted myself off again, and then made my way out of the apartment with my luggage, locking the door behind me.

***

LATER ON…

§    ABID    §

I sat down in the drivers’ seat of my black car, waiting for Aliyah to arrive and join me. She was going to arrive any minute now, and I could feel my pants getting way too fucking tight just thinking about how she looked.
	Before I knew it, the car door opened and Aliyah bent down and rolled over into the seat next to mine. Jesus fucking Christ. She looked like an angel, and in this moment, I felt like a fucking devil with the thoughts that were running through my head.
“Ready babe?” she smiled, biting her lip as I stared at her. I could never get over how sexy her figure was. It always had me undone whenever I fucking saw her. I could never tire of her. She was so busty, with the hugest ass and it was hard to restrain myself whenever I was around her.
“Did you purposefully dress like that to fucking torture me?” I sighed, and she let out a giggle before sliding her finger into my mouth for me to suck. I let out a low groan before she slid her finger back out.
“You can say I did it on purpose,” she said teasingly, leaning forward so that her boobs almost fell out of that poor excuse of a bralette.
“Well, I'm not complaining,” I said appreciatively, as I continued to drink in the gorgeous view. 
She started blushing, her cheeks flushing a bright red. Even after knowing her for so many years, I still continued to make her nervous whenever she was around me. 
“Keep teasing me like that and we're gonna have a problem, doll face,” I smirked.
“Oh yeah?” Aliyah said thoughtfully. “Why don't you give me a demonstration, Abid?”
I folded my arms, shifting my eyes from side to side as I did my best to compose myself. The way she purred my name was turning me the fuck on. This woman was going to drive me crazy.
“As much as I want to fuck your brains out right here, doll face…” I leant over and whispered, nibbling on her earlobe so that shivers ran through her body, “We're gonna be late for our flight.”
	She drew out a sharp breath. I could literally hear her heart hammering against my chest. I felt a small smirk forming on my lips.
“Is someone struggling to keep their composure?” I teased.
“Asshole,” she remarked, rolling her eyes.
I burst out laughing. As much as I wanted to keep playing this dirty game with her, we really had to get going, or we wouldn’t have a new life to look forward to.
“Let's get going, babe,” she smiled, rubbing her neck sheepishly.
“Your wish is my command, baby,” I smiled, and then pushed my keys into the slot, and took hold of the steering wheel, ready to drive.

***

I was about fifteen minutes into driving to the airport, but Aliyah kept teasing me, leaning over and bending down in her seat, so that her cleavage was in my face or her ass was in the air.
It was so hard to concentrate when she looked a million fucking dollars. It was so hard to fucking restrain myself; I could barely concentrate on the road.
	I rolled my eyes, trying my best to ignore her even though it was proving to be difficult as fuck. 
God help me for torturing me like this, because right now, I needed holy water throwing on me for my dirty, sinful thoughts.
Think of smelly boots, Abid… I thought to myself. Don't think of the hot piece of ass next to you right now.
	Even thinking of smelly boots wasn’t fucking helping. I rolled my eyes exhaustedly, wishing that my body would allow me to drive faster so that I could get to the airport quicker and we could have a quicky in the disabled toilets or something.
	Before I knew it, Aliyah was dragging her long nails down my face, making me shiver. She was making it harder and harder for me to ignore her. Was she punishing me, for fuck’s sake? Because she was doing a really good job at it.
“Abid, baby…” she purred.
“Aliyah, I'm fucking driving!” I sighed, feeling like my heart was in my throat. I let out a sharp breath that I didn’t know I was holding.
“Come on baby, I know you want me,” she moaned, trailing kisses from my neck up to my collarbone while she ran her fingers through my beard. She brought her face up to mine, almost making me lose control of the steering wheel because I was so fucking undone. “Kiss me.”
“Fuck it!” I groaned, slamming down the brake and parking the car. In an instant, my self control was out of the fucking window. I slammed her into the backseat, dominating her and devouring her mouth.
She tasted so fucking good… I could never get enough of her. She whimpered against my mouth, driving me insane and pushing me over the fucking edge. I could kiss her all fucking day if I was able to… 
She was like my addiction, my drug, and I was too weak to leave her. How did I get so fucking lucky? I found myself asking myself this every fucking day. She must be an angel, because she was still here and came back to me, even when she almost bled out and died. Being with her made me forget my betrayal to Trex. We were trapped in our own bubble, and I wouldn’t change it for a thing.
“A - Abid…” she whimpered. “I love you…”
“I love you too, baby,” I moaned, growling and kissing her more passionately. I was like an animal, and she was like my prey. I found my hands sliding into her shorts, desperate to feel her soft skin and grab on her ass.
But suddenly…
I felt myself tumbling backwards into the seat,
And my head bang hard against the window.
I heard a smash and the car was rattling.
Aliyah jolted back in shock, and I found myself struggling to comprehend what the fuck had just happened. I dusted myself off, trying my best to get back up on my feet, until I heard another smash. I felt myself jolting backwards again. I was so fucking startled and confused.
What the fuck was going on?
Aliyah clutched her chest in fear. I took in a sharp intake of breath, as I realized that the window had smashed and I had some glass stuck in my arm. It didn’t hurt, I’d suffered much worse… But I found myself clutching my arm as fresh blood pooled out of it, still baffled as to what the hell was happening and why Aliyah wasn’t saying a fucking word.
The smashing stopped and Aliyah let out and drew in heavy, deep breaths. 
“What the fuck was that fucking sound?” I asked her, letting out a growl as I tore the piece of glass out of my arm. 
“I don't know!” Aliyah responded, afraid.
“OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!” came a voice. “STEP OUTSIDE OF THE VEHICLE!”
As soon as this voice boomed, Aliyah’s face fell and dropped, and she became so pale that almost all of the colour had drained out of her face. Did she know something about this? Why was she behaving this way?
I felt so clueless. I needed some fucking answers, because a million thoughts were rushing through my head at once, and I was struggling to make sense of them all.
“WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU PEOPLE?!” I roared.
“We are authorised to use force if necessary! Step outside right now or we'll shoot!”
“Aliyah, what the fuck is going on?!” I shouted. Step outside or we’ll shoot? Who were these people? Cops? 

§    ALIYAH    §

I couldn't breathe. 
I recognised that voice… 
What the hell…
Abid stared at me with a hurt and timid expression on his face, staring at me like I knew what was going on. I was just as in the dark as he was… But I had a really bad feeling that once we stepped out of the car, a shit show was going to occur. 
Because why the hell did the voice sound like it was my Boss?
What the fuck was he doing here? After I warned him to stay away, because I was leaving my job?
It felt like my heart was about to leap out of my chest. I wasn’t ready for this… 
Nothing had happened yet, but I could already feel my heart shatter into millions of pieces.

§    ABID    §

“They chose the wrong motherfucker to mess with,” I said angrily. Why the hell were we being stopped by cops, when we had a flight to fucking catch?
“Maybe we should do as they say, Abid,” Aliyah said uneasily, letting out a deep breath.
I screwed my face, unable to comprehend what I was hearing and why the hell she was saying this to me. She was supposed to be taking my side.
“What the fuck are you talking about?” I shot at her.
She stared at me with a lost, timid expression on her face, not responding to what I’d just asked her. I sighed heavily. The quicker we both got this out the way, the better.
“There better be a good explanation for this,” I said, rolling my eyes, and then leaning for the door to get out of the car.
	Aliyah followed me, and I stormed out on to the street, where two men were standing there, holding guns in their hands, pointed right at me. Aliyah clutched her chest in fear, barely moving, her face going white in shock. I was so lost, so confused… as to why the hell these men were armed and why the hell they were stopping us.
“What the fuck is the meaning of this?!” I roared. Seeing Aliyah look so terrified let out the primal instinct within me to protect her. “Aliyah, get behind me. I won’t let anything happen to you. They won’t touch you. I'll deal with these motherfuckers.”
“This is the Secret Service, put your hands in the fucking air!” the man screamed.
“What the fuck!” I denied.
“Abid Malik, you are under arrest for racketeering, murder, drug trafficking, robbery, money laundering, fraud and multiple counts of grievous bodily harm.”
I folded my arms angrily.
My heart almost leapt out of my throat, and the expression on my face fell, as I realized the full extent of what was happening here.
It felt like my world was coming crashing down on me. Like I was being hit with a million different knives at once, all of them stabbing me right through the heart.
I didn’t want to believe that this was happening, but it was…
“Aliyah, get behind us!” the man screamed. “Did this bastard touch you against your will?!”
	I turned around to face Aliyah properly, who was still standing behind me, and she’d looked like somebody had just walked over her grave. I could feel my heart in my throat. My eyes brimmed with tears.
	This couldn’t be true…
	She couldn’t cross me and betray me again…
“A – Aliyah, d – do you know these people?” I whispered, a single tear sliding down my cheek and rolling down onto the floor.
“I'm her boss and she led me right into the lion's den!” the man yelled. “Put your hands in the fucking air or I'll shoot!”
	I let out a deep breath as I stared at Aliyah, who was trembling in her spot. I couldn’t feel anything… I felt numb. It felt like I was trapped in a nightmare and I couldn’t wake up.
	Even after everything we’d been through, she still thought that I was a monster. And now…
	She’d set me up to go to prison for life.
“Boss, handcuff the bastard,” said the other man. 
Her Boss punched me hard, so hard that I almost swung, and then he toppled me over, throwing me onto the floor like I was a rabid animal. He clambered on top of me, holding his shoe against my neck so that it almost snapped, whilst he handcuffed me. I felt so numb…
So fucking numb.
	Silent tears continued to roll down my cheeks, as the full extent of what was happening continued to hit me like a ton of bricks. It felt like I was fading in and out of unconsciousness.
	At this moment, I wished to be dead.
“Abid, I had nothing to do with this!” I heard Aliyah cry out. “I swear, you've gotta believe me!”
“Stop playing around like a bitch with Stockholm Syndrome,” said the man, and I heard Aliyah let out a scream and break down into sobs. “It's okay Aliyah, we'll protect you now. You don't have to lie for this son of a bitch.”
“I should've known you'd fucking betray me…” I murmured. As much as I wanted to believe her, as much as I wanted to believe that she still loved me…
I knew that she didn’t.
I’d been a fool… such a damn fool.
“You already crossed me once…” My voice was so quiet, it was barely above a whisper. It felt like my throat had gone dry, and I didn’t know how to speak anymore.
It felt like my world was tearing apart.
Everything I knew…
Everything I’d been through.
All of my emotions…
The future that I saw with Aliyah…
Was drifting away through the tips of my fingers.
And all that was left…
Was nothing.
Emptiness.
A void.
A broken and battered heart.
It felt like my head was splitting open.
Like the walls were closing in around me.
Like my whole life…
Had been a lie.
And all I could do was pray.
Pray that God would put an end to my life…
Because the one woman who made me whole, the one woman who gave me happiness, the one woman who I depended on…
She had betrayed me in the worst way possible.
And right now…
I just wanted to dig my own grave and throw myself in it.
“You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say or do may be held against you in a court of law and harm your defense.”
These were the last words I heard,
Before my brain went completely numb,
And I completely zoned out of my surroundings.
Before I knew it,
I’d been thrown into the backseat of the police car…
And I was being transported to a Maximum Security Penitentiary.
It’s crazy how fast life comes at you…
Because right now, I was supposed to be catching a flight and moving to America with a woman who I thought loved me.
But apparently, God had other plans…
Maybe this was my punishment. My punishment for living a criminal lifestyle.
Maybe it was karma.
And karma said that you will fall in love with a woman who doesn’t love you… for not loving a woman who loved you.
Life comes at you fast…
And now I’m going to be spending the rest of my life locked in a box.
Just like Louis had…

§    TREX    §

I watched the cops drive Abid off in a cop car.
	Throwing him in there like he was a wild animal.
	A savage.
	And my blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up.
	I knew that something was wrong with Abid, but I was too late… He’d been arrested before I could help him.
	And as I examined the scene, trying to search for the thing that triggered this incident, when Abid had never had a run-in with the cops before…
	Despite all the countless people he murdered with me…
	I saw her, standing there, in all her glory…
	I should have fucking known.
	I should have fucking known that this bitch had something to do with this.
	That this bitch was the reason that my lifelong brother was in jail.
	That this bitch was the reason that Abid Malik, my best fucking friend, a man I treated like my own blood, would be rotting behind bars for the rest of his life…
	And there was nothing that I could fucking do about it.
	There was nothing that I could do to stop it.
	I knew that something bad had happened at the club…
	And I’m so fucking stupid. 
	I should have done more to help him.
	I should have been there to talk some sense into him.
	He should have trusted me and told me what was going on. Told me that she was in the club that night…
	And now…
This whore had to pay for what she’d done. 
I really thought that I’d killed her all those years ago…
	I really, really thought I had.

CHAPTER 29
BLOOD BROTHERS

§    ALIYAH    §

“Aliyah, make your way back to base,” Boss shot at me. “We'll be with you once we've thrown this motherfucker in his cell.”
	I couldn’t even speak. All I could do was sob. Sob as I watched my Boss slam the cop car shut, and drive Abid to prison, leaving me here dithering in the middle of the street, watching my world tear apart in front of me.
	And as I watched the car drive off into the distance, I felt myself collapse onto the floor…
	And scream.
	I screamed and I screamed and I screamed. 
	I screamed until my throat went dry. Until I was blue in the face.
	I kicked and screamed at the thought of not having Abid in my life anymore.
	He was the love of my life…
And all I could do was feel my heart shatter into millions of tiny pieces. I could see the hurt in Abid's eyes as he walked away from me in his handcuffs. He couldn't even look at me, because he was so disgusted…
So upset, and so broken.
I hadn't even crossed him, I'd told Boss that I was leaving the force… Yet Abid thought that I’d betrayed him. Thought that I’d set him up. Life has a strange way of biting me in the fucking ass. Of screwing me over and over and over, to the point of no return. 
How the actual fuck did my Boss find us, when everything was going according to fucking plan?! I hadn't told him where I was, I hadn't told him where I was going…
I rocked my head back and forth as I sobbed, doing my best to put two-and-two together in my head. Tracing the steps of the day to earlier… When I’d rang Boss and told him that I was leaving.
And then I found myself screaming again, as the full realization of what had happened, kicked in, in full force.
The bastard must have traced my fucking phone!
It felt like somebody had taken my heart out of my chest, and was beating it repeatedly. I wouldn’t be able to cope with my life… Or to cope with this heartbreak.
There was no coming back from this.
With all these charges…
Abid would be spending life in prison!
I loved him with all my heart, and I couldn't live without him… I didn’t want to imagine a life without Abid in it. He’d turned my life upside down from the minute I met him all those years ago, and he killed my bastard husband Asae who’d abused me… 
Abid had saved me from a life of being miserable, he set me free, he helped me to learn to love again… And this was what his future held, this was what life threw back at him. 
A fucking jail sentence.
I couldn’t let this fucking happen… 
But it was inevitable…
And there was nothing that I could do to fucking stop it…
“WHY DID THIS HAVE TO HAPPEN?!” I screamed, shaking uncontrollably. “WHY?!”
	I broke down into further sobs. It felt like the walls were closing in around me, and I was trapped in a nightmare, and I couldn’t wake up…
	And then I felt a cold gun pressed against my temple.
	“I could ask you the same fucking question, bitch,” came a stone-cold familiar voice. 
	I felt myself freeze in shock. The blood had completely drained out of my face, and my heart had leapt into my throat. I began trembling uncontrollably, because I knew who it was…
	The same man who shot me all those years ago and left me for dead…
	I slowly felt myself shakily bringing my head up to see him towering over me, his hand held on the trigger, ready to pull it…
	And the funny thing was…
	I wanted him to.
	I deserved this.
	I deserved to die…
“Don't fucking move or I'll blow your brains out right now,” said Trex coldly, his eyes bloodshot.
	Forgive me, Lord…
	And then I felt a massive punch to my head, that severed it and caused me to knock over and faint…
	And then everything went black.

§    TREX    §

I pulled up my car into an abandoned parking lot, near the warehouse where the Mafia pushed and weighed all their drugs. I opened up my car boot, where I’d taped Aliyah’s mouth and tied her up with rope. I picked her up and tossed her onto the floor, disgusted at the fucking sight of her. I fucking hated this bitch with all my heart and soul. Stupid whore.
	She fell onto the ground with a hard and painful smack, that seemed to awake her out of her unconsciousness. I tossed her around, ripping the tape from her mouth and freeing her from the rope.
	“Wakey wakey, ugly whore,” I spat at her.
	She blinked at me dazily. I didn’t know what Abid saw in her, fucking trash… She had a bit of ass that she’d managed to hypnotize him with, and he’d fallen head over heels. 
	I always told Abid that bitches come and fucking go, but he just didn’t want to listen… And now, this bitch had screwed him over in the worst way possible.
“W – What is this creepy place?” Aliyah cried out.
	Poor bitch. She was going to wish that I fucking killed her. I really wanted her to die, but I needed her… I needed her to help me save Abid from a life behind bars.
“I don't know why the fuck you're still alive,” I said quietly. “I thought you were fucking dead; I really thought I finished you that day.” I punched the wall angrily, screaming, because she made my blood boil to the point it almost dried up. “I should have shot you twice just to make sure!”
“P - please…” Aliyah said shakily, acting like I was going to hit her or rape her. I wasn’t going to fucking do any of that shit, my mother didn’t raise me that way, but I wanted her to be scared of me. I wanted her to beg for her life, terrified pathetic bitch. “What do you want from me?”
“GET THE FUCK UP, BITCH!” I roared. “Stand up straight while you fucking talk to me! You're really testing my fucking patience!”
	Aliyah drew several deep breaths in and out, before shakily getting up on her two feet, her chest heaving upwards and downwards. “I – I'm sorry,” she stammered, tears sliding down her cheeks. “I r – really am…”
“Sorry doesn't fucking cut it,” I shot back. “My best goddamn friend is in jail right now because of you…”
Aliyah continued to break down into sobs, but I couldn’t give two fucks about whether she cried or not. She deserved every single bitter thing that was coming out of my mouth tonight.
“He'll rot in there!” I screamed. “If he stays in there, he's a dead man! He's part of the fucking Mafia, you whore! Don't you realise what you've fucking done?! We have so many fucking enemies! People who would kill for our territory! People who want Abid dead, as much as they want me and anybody else in the Mafia dead!”
	She continued to cry.
“Just as he was moving on, you had to waltz back in to his life…” I bellowed. “Hypnotize him with a bit of ass… And have him wrapped around your finger again! Didn't you get the message the first time you crossed him?! I could shoot you in the skull right now, you bitch!”
“I swear, I never meant for any of this to happen!” she pleaded. “I left the force for him, we were gonna move to America together! I didn't fucking know that my boss was going to show up and arrest him! I love Abid, I wouldn't want him thrown in jail!”
“ARE YOU STUPID?!” I roared. “You can’t just pick up and leave the Mafia! You’re tied to it for life by blood!” 
I punched the wall again, and she jolted backwards, clutching her chest in fear.
“Your words mean nothing to me!” I screamed. “The way I see it, you snaked him for a bit of cash at work!”
“You've got this all wrong!” Aliyah cried. 
I drew out a deep breath. My patience was really, really wearing fucking thin… I could spend the entire day screaming at her for the shit she did and going round in fucking circles, but the more time I wasted here arguing with her, the less time I had to help Abid get out of jail… So as much as I despised this bitch, I needed to cut to the chase, fast.
“Well,” I sighed. “You're no fucking use to me dead.”
“W - what are you talking about?” Aliyah stammered, staring at me with an uneasy expression on her face.
“You're part of the Secret fucking Service,” I spat at her, folding my arms. “And you are going to find a way to get Abid out of jail…” I broke off my sentence, before staring at her dead in the eye. “Or you can kiss goodbye to your sad fucking life. Personally, I don’t see the appeal… But I’ll put a bullet between your eyes, throw acid on you so you’re not so pretty anymore…”
“That's impossible!” Aliyah whimpered. “He'll be facing multiple life sentences, he was part of the Mob!”
“THAT SOUNDS LIKE A YOU PROBLEM!” I screamed, punching the wall again, until my knuckles were sore and bloody. “I don't care how you fucking do it… But you're getting him out of there, and then you're helping me disappear with him!” I drew in a deep breath, as tears welled in her eyes. “And then you're never fucking contacting him again.” My voice dropped to barely below a whisper.
	Her eyes continued to brim with tears. I punched the wall again, so hard this time that I could hear a bone snap in my hand.
	“DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?!” I roared.
“I d - don't know how t - to get him out of t - there…” she cried.
	“I SAID, DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?!” I repeated, my voice blood-curling and authoritative. “I don't care if you have to fuck your colleagues to sway them round, or pay the judge millions of dollars…” I folded my arms angrily, looking like I was about to murder. “Abid is not going to rot in jail because of a pathetic bitch like you.”
	Aliyah took several deep breaths in and out. It looked like she was having a panic attack. See if I fucking cared.
“I understand,” she said shakily, trembling.
“Good,” I said quietly. “And don't even think about running away… Or pulling anything stupid,” I shrugged. “I'll have men watching you… So I'd watch your fucking footsteps if I were you, and get the job done.”
	And with that, I punched the wall behind her one more time… before turning on my heel, and making my way out of the parking lot, leaving her in the cold… Before I got pissed off to the point that I would do something that I regretted.

§    ABID    §

I stood in my cell, screaming and shaking until I was blue in the face. It felt like I was going mad. Like I’d truly lost all the little sanity I had left within me…   
It was only my first few hours in jail, and I could already feel myself going fucking crazy and pushing myself over the brink.
All I could do was scream. Scream until my throat went hoarse. Scream, even though I knew that nobody could hear me. Scream because of the inevitable…
Scream because I would be spending the rest of my life like this.
My brain couldn't process the fucking betrayal I’d just experienced. I let Aliyah in again, I fell in love with her all over again…
I let down my walls again…
Only for her colleagues to throw me in jail! Only for her colleagues to beat me down like an animal, put me in handcuffs, and throw me into the cop car like I was a rabid dog.
Was this what love was meant to feel like? Getting my heart fucking broken over and over again?
A tear slid down my cheek. I was so angry… so damn angry.
So damn angry at myself for being such a fucking idiot.
J. Cole always said…
Fool me one time, shame on you.
Fool me twice, can't put the blame on you.
I drew in a sharp breath, as I tried my best to stop myself from sobbing and shaking. This was all my own fucking fault…
For letting her in, for letting her push my fucking buttons.
And now… I was going to rot in here for life… And I knew that I would much rather fucking die than live like this.
I didn’t have a family, and Trex was like a blood brother to me, the only true friend that I had… Yet I ditched him for a woman who snaked me and ruined my life.
	“WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO ME, ALIYAH?!” I screamed. “WHAT HAVE YOU FUCKING DONE?!”
	I punched the wall repeatedly, and started slamming my head against my metal bunker, until all I could feel…
	Was numbness.

CHAPTER 30
WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS

§    MUM    §

“Hey Mum,” Louis said, walking up to me in the kitchen as I washed the dishes. 
“Hey Louis,” I said weakly, drawing in a deep breath. Louis rubbed his chin in thought, and I scratched my arm awkwardly.
“You don't look too well,” he shrugged, with a concerned look on his face. “You're shaking.”
That's because I've been on drugs while you were in prison… I thought to myself. And now I'm having withdrawal symptoms.
	But Louis couldn’t know that I’d taken drugs. He would be so ashamed of me, because it was something that nobody would ever expect me to do. I tried my best to stay off the drugs now that I’d fixed things with Louis, but I was falling so ill from not having them. I was always shaking, and I was always getting angry and pissed off at the smallest things. I always found myself having hallucinations and seeing things that weren’t there, and it was destroying me. But I had to try my best to stay strong and keep going… For the sake of my son, who was doing the best he could to turn his life around now.
“I'm fine Louis,” I said quickly. “You don't have to worry about me.”
I drew in another deep breath, trying my best to get myself together and focus properly.
“Are you sure?” Louis asked awkwardly. “I was gonna go head into town to meet a friend-”
	I scratched my arm uneasily.
“And then go to work,” he went on. “But I can call in sick if you need me to look after you.”
“Don't be silly,” I said quickly. 
The last thing I wanted to do was be a burden to Louis. He was 23 years old now, and he needed to live his life, not fuss about me and give himself unnecessary stress…
“It should be me that's looking after you!” I shrugged, trying my best to put a smile on my face. “Go and enjoy yourself, don't let me stop you.”
	Get a hold of yourself, Linda! I thought to myself, sighing because I was behaving so stupidly, and giving myself away.
“You're absolutely sure?” Louis asked doubtfully, a worried expression written all over his face.

§    LOUIS    §

As Mum stood there and tried her best to reassure me, I couldn't help but to feel paranoid about having to always be around her now… Especially after everything I found out in prison. I had an instinct within me to protect her, and to feel the need to always shield her from any harm and make sure that she was well.
	I drew in a deep breath, knowing that when Mum wanted her way, she always got it… No matter how many times I asked her if she was okay, she would still insist and tell me that she was fine. She didn’t want to worry me, and I knew better than to keep pushing it when she’d already made her final decision.

§    MUM    §

“Yeah, I am,” I reassured him, pointing my fingers up pretentiously.
“Okay…” Louis sighed, giving in at last. 
I folded my arms awkwardly, feeling bad and guilty because I was lying to my own son. But I wasn’t his responsibility… He was mine.
“Call me if you need anything,” Louis shrugged. “Love you.”
He walked out of the kitchen, making his way out of the house.
“I love you too!” I called back to him, and then I heard the front door slam shut, to signify that he’d left.
I sighed heavily, letting out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. 
These withdrawal symptoms were so fucking bad…
I felt like I was losing my sanity. I couldn't even hold a glass of water without shaking.
I felt terrible, but maybe it would be the only way… Maybe I should get my hands on some drugs from my supplier while Louis isn't around… Maybe it would be the only thing that would stop me from making a fool of myself, and to help me feel normal again…
Because as hard as I tried to stop, it was becoming more and more difficult to cope without a fix of some morphine injections or some cocaine. I was probably arousing more suspicion being off the drugs… Than I would be if I was still on them.

***

LATER ON…

§    LOUIS    §

I walked into Bullring shopping center, with my phone pressed against my ear. I’d tried to ring Ijaz for the fourth time now, but his phone line kept going to Voicemail. I sighed heavily, as the line spoke back to me Welcome to Giffgaff voicemail for the umpteenth time, and rolled my eyes as I began speaking into the voicemail.
“Ijaz, call me man. We were supposed to hang out today. Let me know when you get this message.” 
I hung up the phone, and shoved it back into my pocket. I rubbed my chin in thought as I looked around at a few new Sports shops that had opened around Birmingham. There was a massive new JD store, as well as a Primark, so it would be worth me spending some time to check them out. JD always sold the most amazing sports’ wear and trainers, after all, and seeing as Ijaz wasn’t about or responding to my calls even though we were supposed to go out together today, I might as well go shopping.

***

I bought myself a brand new pair of Nike Airmax trainers, and then walked out of JD with a grin on my face, because I loved Airmaxes. I looked around the shopping center again, to see a massive sign plastered over a billboard, saying that there was a new gym opening in the Birmingham city center. I narrowed my eyes, knowing that I should join, because I could do with some stress relief, and gym was always a great way to let off some steam and spend time gathering my thoughts, as well as getting fit and active. I was already wearing black tracksuit bottoms paired with a tight off-white tank top, and I’d just bought some new trainers, so I had the perfect clothes on for the gym anyway.

***

After joining the gym, the first thing I did after sipping from my bottle of water and changing into my new trainers… Was go straight to the treadmill for a run.
I ran on the treadmill, letting out all of the heat and anger that was building up inside of me ever since I left prison. With every sweat droplet, I ran faster and faster. I needed to get these haunting visions from my past out of my mind… And this was the only way I could think of doing it. Training my body and mind at the gym… Rather than hurting people. 
Rather than destroying people’s lives, like I used to. 
Rather than being a proud Mafia Kingpin, like I used to be.
My vision was getting blurry… Just remembering all of the people that I’d killed. All of the people who I looked dead in the face while they pleaded to me to spare their lives. All of the people that I hurt by my selfish actions.
I was a monster. I might have been under the influence of my stepdad Steve… 
But regardless, I was still a fucking monster.
The way I disrespected women… Calling them sluts, degrading them. Slept with them and then never spoke to them again.
The way I shouted at my mum when things in life got tough… Not knowing that she was having a heck of a bad time herself.
Fighting with Keelan, robbing houses with Squeeks, Chase and Likkle T… 
Robbing an old fucking lady.
All of the people that I killed just because they owed the Mafia debts…
	I could feel my heart hammer against my chest, as I sped up and ran at the highest possible speed that I could go on the treadmill, sweating and screaming as I let out all of the anger and hurt that had built up in me. As I let out all of the exhaustion, vented out and took my anger out in exercise, after my mental health had suffered severely for five whole years in jail.
I wondered where Trex was…
I wondered where Abid was.
I wondered if they were looking for me.
I wondered where Steve was…
I hadn’t seen that bastard for a long time.
But when I did see him… 
He was going to wish that he was never born.
	I screamed again, getting even angrier that the speed on the treadmill couldn’t go any higher. I was working my body up into a frenzy. I was so angry… 
	So damn angry.
	Angry at the man I’d become. Angry at the shit that I went through in my past… 
Angry at the shit choices that I’d made in my life.
I knew that I couldn't change my past…
But I could change the man that I was now.
I needed to make sure that I didn't make and repeat the same mistakes that I did all of those years ago. That I learnt a lesson from my past, and tried my best to make myself a better person.
Cos I swear, it was fucking torturing me every time I thought about it.
I pressed the Emergency Stop button on the treadmill, and then found myself taking rapid breaths in and out, as I sipped on my water bottle and tried my best to get myself together. Thinking about my past always made me so damn miserable… 
And it was time that I shut it away for good.
God had given me another chance in life… 
And I needed to make use of that.
I was lucky to be alive right now. 
I was on the brink of death so many times…
But I'd made it this far. I had to keep pushing forward.
I had to move on.
	I took another few deep breaths in and out. Going on the treadmill did help me. I was starting to feel much better. I was starting to teach my mind to stop beating myself up over and over again because of my past mistakes.
	I knew for sure that I needed to make gym a more regular thing.
“I think that's enough exercise for the day,” I murmured to myself, as I stared down at my tank top, that was now soaked with sweat. I was fucking exhausted.
I rolled my eyes, knowing that I would need to take a long, cold shower in the Men’s changing rooms. I gave myself a small chuckle, and then made my way over to the other side of the gym, where I just spent some time getting my breath back and drinking water.
I flicked open my phone, scrolling through my text messages… And then rolled my eyes again. I still had no texts from Ijaz, for fuck’s sake. Horny cunt, I bet he was getting laid. The only time he ever switched his phone off was when he had sex and was humping a random chick he just met.
I turned on my heel, ready to make my way to the Men’s changing rooms… Before I felt a hand on my arm. A slender hand, with long, painted nails, that reminded me of the same woman that I’d met at Hollister a few weeks ago, Sarina, but she hadn’t hit me up since I’d seen her and gotten to know her that day. I was slowly beginning to accept that I probably wouldn’t see her again… And that I had to forget about the attraction and spark that I’d shared with her, because if she was still interested in me, she would have made the effort to text me or come see me. I needed to forget about her. At least I saved myself before I got in too deep with her. I just found it super fucking weird, how she approached me, and then spent time getting to know me, to not even bother speaking to me again after we met each other. And I was there, behaving like a dickhead, thinking that she was the one for me, and already picturing a future of me settling down with her.
Oh well, at least I’d learnt my lesson. To not get my hopes up before she left me high and dry.
Nevertheless, this slender hand was a new hand. It wasn’t the hand of Sarina, and I was curious to know who was standing behind me.
“Hey,” came a woman’s voice.
I turned around, rubbing my chin in thought, as I took in the view in front of me. A fucking stunning girl had walked up to me. I knew that there were usually a lot of pretty women at the gym, with great bodies… but this woman was something else. She had dyed rose gold hair tied up in a ponytail. She had bright purple eyes, with gym clothes to match her eye colour. She was wearing ½ cut purple leggings, paired with a purple sports bra. She had her hands on her hips, and I found myself drinking in her legs, scanning them to the ground, because they went on for days. She was positively fucking beautiful.
Maybe this woman would be the distraction I needed, to get my mind off Sarina after she never hit me back up.
“Hey,” I smiled at her.
“My name’s Lola.” She let out a deep breath. “I couldn't help but notice how fast you were running,” she said, scratching her neck sheepishly. “You were working quite a sweat up back there.”
I let out a low, amused chuckle. “You know what they say, work hard, play hard,” I smirked. 
	She giggled, before putting her hands back on her hips. “I'm actually new in town,” she explained, and then a wave of lust flashed and glimmered over her eyes before she said her next words. I folded my arms, shifting my eyes from side to side in anticipation. “You look like you know what you're doing. Maybe you could show me around…” She bit her lip hopefully, and it was a huge turn-on. “Give me personal training sessions sometime.” Her fingers traced the sides of my tank top.
“I'd love to,” I smiled, not breaking eye contact with her once. She was super sexy and confident. It was nice to see a woman so bold, who believed in herself and her own game, and knew what she wanted.
“I mean, your body looks amazing,” she smiled, and then shook her head, looking embarrassed with what she’d just said. “I did not just say that out loud,” she sighed, scratching her arm awkwardly. She suddenly looked nervous, but I had to reassure her that I really, really liked what she’d just said.
“It's okay, I don't bite,” I chuckled, and she loosened back up, relieved that I’d taken the compliment well, gaining her confidence back again. “Only if you want me to,” I whispered suggestively, and she let out a little giggle, her cheeks flushing bright pink.
“You're beautiful yourself,” I admitted.
“Thank you,” she smiled sheepishly.
“Are you done working out?” I asked.
“Yeah, I'm just heading out now,” she smiled. “Gonna drive home.”
“Let me walk you to the car park,” I offered, biting my lip as I stared at her. She nodded at me happily. I didn’t really feel any attraction to this woman beyond the physical, but she was lovely, so I did my best to make an effort with her. I knew that she wanted me… Her body language said it all.
“Let’s go,” she grinned.
“I’m just gonna go quickly take a shower first, I fucking stink,” I sighed, and she let out a giggle.
“Not a problem,” she shrugged, smiling. “I’ll wait for you here.”
I grinned at her, and turned on my heel, making my way to the Men’s changing rooms.

***

I took a shower and then joined Lola back at the entrance of the gym. We made our way out of the gym, back to Bullring shopping center, ready to take the escalators to the car park on the top floor.
	As we walked through the Bullring together, I heard a massive racket in front of us. A woman and a man were both fighting with each other, and it looked really fucking heated. A few people were crowding around them, and staring at them both.
	“Leave me alone, you bastard!” cried the woman. “Please Habib, I can't take it anymore!”
“What the fuck is that commotion?” I commented. The voice of the woman sounded a little familiar to me, but I couldn’t quite place my finger on where I’d heard it before… Because the woman had her back turned to me, and I couldn’t see her face.
“No idea,” Lola responded thoughtfully.
“You will take me back Sarina,” said the man, who I was assuming was the Habib character that the woman had just cried out.
And then my blood ran cold as I realized…
It was Sarina here, arguing with a man. Causing a commotion in the middle of Bullring. 
Sarina…
“It's just a matter of time!” Habib screamed.
“You're fucking deluded!” Sarina snapped back. “Stop stalking me! Take you back? We were never together in the first place! You were just a fucked up family setup. My family wanted me to marry you, but I never fucking liked you!”
Habib rolled his eyes, and Sarina folded her arms angrily.
“You think I came all this way from London just for you to reject me?!” Habib roared. “Do you have any idea how long it took me to fucking find you?! I had to get my shooters from Alum Rock to look for you on security cameras!”
“You need serious help!” Sarina shot back, repulsed. “This is why I ran away from London, so the marriage wouldn't fucking take place! You disgust me!”
And then Habib did something that made my blood boil to the point that it almost dried up. It made me so angry… So fucking angry…
Habib slapped her face, and Sarina’s hand sprung to her face in shock.
“Ungrateful whore!” Habib screamed, and Sarina burst into tears.
That was enough to push me over the fucking brink. It didn’t matter that me and Sarina weren’t speaking right now. I couldn’t bear to watch a man hit a woman, especially after my own mother went through it. This bastard needed teaching a fucking lesson. I was more disgusted at the fact that people were just watching on the sidelines, without even fucking helping her.
I charged at Habib, running over to him so fast that he knocked over to the ground, falling onto it with a hard and painful smack. I doubled him over, getting on top of him, before punching him repeatedly in his face, making him cry out in pain, and the bones in his jaw snap as he coughed out blood and groaned.
“Leave her the fuck alone before I snap your fucking neck!” I screamed.

CHAPTER 31
TWISTED HEART

§    LOUIS    §

“Louis, don't hurt him, you'll get yourself arrested!” Sarina begged, putting her hand on my shoulder and pulling me away from Habib. I didn’t want to stop hitting him, because this motherfucker deserved everything that was fucking coming to him, fucking scum… But Sarina was my weakness, and I hated that all she had to do was say a few words to calm me down and make me feel weak at the knees.
	I was so angry… So fucking angry at this man. This man who felt entitled to shout and scream at Sarina when it was clear that she wasn’t interested, and that she didn’t want to know him…
	I found myself standing up on my two legs again, folding my arms angrily, as I tried my best to stop myself from hurling at this Habib bastard again. He got up on his own two feet too, coughing as he tried his best to stop his nose and mouth from bleeding, and get himself together. The crowd had dissipated now because everybody was so shocked and disgusted at the fight. Luckily, it had broken up before anybody called Security, though.
“Who the fuck are you?!” Habib screamed.
“Your worst fucking nightmare, motherfucker,” I shot back angrily, balling my hand into a fist.
Habib took a few steps away from me, appearing afraid because he didn’t want me to punch him again. “This isn't fucking over, Sarina!” he screamed, as he bolted away from us and broke into a sprint. “I will make you mine!”
Before Sarina could respond, he’d ran far away, well out of ear-shot.
“Yeah, that's right, run away you fucking pussy!” I yelled angrily. “Be thankful I haven't buried you!”
	I folded my arms, positively fucking fuming. This whole situation was pissing me off so badly. I couldn’t let Sarina fall victim to the same thing my mother had… I couldn’t…

§    LOLA    §

I stood on the sidelines. This was so fucking awkward. Louis had offered to walk me to the car park, yet he was here breaking up a fight, acting like a knight-in-shining-armor. 
	I knew that he probably wasn’t in the mood for me to say anything to him right now, because this whole thing looked pretty personal. I decided that it would be better for me to leave on my own, and give him some space… I didn’t want to behave clingily or entitled with a man that I’d just met.
All I could do, was just hope that this wouldn’t be the last time that I saw him…

§    LOUIS    §

I turned around to face Sarina, who was still standing behind me, dithering in shock. I sighed, taking deep breaths in and out, before looking at her with a hurt expression on my face, as she stared back at me uneasily. After all of this commotion, I’d forgotten the most important thing… To ask her if she was okay, not just deal with Habib.
“Are you okay?” I asked, with a concerned expression on my face. Anger flashed over me again as the image of him slapping her played itself over and over again to me in my head. “I can't believe that bastard lay his hands on you,” I said coldly. 
Sarina continued to say nothing.
“Who the fuck is he?” I demanded.
“I don't need you to fight my battles for me, Louis,” she shot back, folding her arms awkwardly.
“He slapped you!” I retorted defensively. “I had to step in. Pricks like that should be behind bars!”
“I'm fine,” Sarina shrugged, her tone moody and bitter. “Thanks for your concern, but I really don't wanna talk about it.”
I sighed heavily, hurt by the way she was speaking to me. I didn’t know what was wrong with her. I’d been kind to her, and all I was doing was trying to help her out. I never demanded anything from her, but she was behaving so coldly towards me, and it was actually hurting my feelings. Maybe now would be the right time to ask her why she never spoke to me again after that day I met her at work… To find some answers… Before I moved on with another woman, like Lola.
“Did I do something wrong?” I shrugged. “We were getting along so well when I met you in the shop, but you haven't hit me back since.”
“Well, maybe it was a bad idea for me to ever approach you,” Sarina replied, repulsed. “I've got too much of my own shit on my plate to get to know somebody new.”
	So that was why. She was going through some shit, and she didn’t want to let in somebody new… I guess I understood where she was coming from. That was an all-too familiar feeling that I’d experienced a few times in the past. But regardless, I still couldn’t help but to feel concerned for her. Concerned that this dangerous man was stalking her, even after she moved out of the city that he claimed to be from. I found myself concerned for her safety and well-being.
“Don't tell me that prick is your boyfriend?” I demanded angrily. I didn’t care if she didn’t want me. I just couldn’t stand here and watch her being treated like dirt from somebody else.
“That's really none of your business,” Sarina shot back. “Now if you'll excuse me, I need to leave.”
I folded my arms awkwardly, suddenly feeling waves of sadness hitting my body from every angle. I turned around as I watched Sarina walk away, and I could feel my heart twist into knots as this happened. My heart was screaming at me to call her back, but my body failed me. I allowed her to walk away…
This whole thing was so fucking weird. Why was she acting so cold towards me all of a sudden? She'd approached me with so much confidence that day in the shop… But she hadn't kept in touch with me since. And all it took was a fight with this psychopath for her to completely shut me off…
	I drew in a deep breath, and then rubbed my chin in thought. I wished that she would let me help her. That bastard lay his hands on her…
If I couldn't save my mum from a toxic relationship… The least I could do was save Sarina from one.
Even if she wanted nothing to do with me.

***

LATER ON…

“Louis, tidy up the store floor and then head up to my office to do the income statement for the day,” my manager instructed, as I finished putting the last of the perfume boxes out for the day.
“You got it, Boss,” I shrugged, and continued to get to work, tidying up all of the mess in the shop.

***

HALF AN HOUR LATER…

I’d finished doing the paperwork for the day, and cleaning up the shop. I went to my locker to collect my belongings, and then turned around to see Ijaz there. 
“Hey bro,” he grinned. “You done with work for the day?”
“Yeah,” I grinned back. “Where've you been man? I've been tryna holla at you all day.”
“I've been fucking caught up with family problems, bro,” he sighed. “That’s why I haven’t been picking up your calls. My sister hasn't been feeling well, you know how it is.”
“Shit man, I hope she gets well soon,” I commented, suddenly feeling guilty that I’d bombarded him at a bad time.
“Thanks bro,” Ijaz shrugged. “Do you wanna go for a drive and get some KFC drive-thru? I need some stress relief.”
“You got it, bro,” I smiled, and we both walked out of Hollister, and made our way to the car park.

***

Me and Ijaz had stopped off at Pizza Hut, and now we were just driving, and eating together like fat bastards, whilst blasting out a couple of tunes out of the car, including Taste (Make it Shake) by Aitch and She Wants A Man From Brum.
“This pizza is fucking fire bro,” Ijaz commented, with his mouth full of a slice.
I rolled my eyes, laughing at him. “Fat bastard,” I commented, while steering into another bend. “So, what's new bro?” I asked.
“Did you hear on the news what happened with the Mafia?” Ijaz shrugged, out of breath in between bites of food.
“What happened?” I asked, curious.
“Abid got arrested,” Ijaz shrugged.
“What the fuck?” I denied, unable to believe my ears. My heart dropped. I couldn’t believe it.
Abid… 
Abid had been arrested?
“Do you reckon he'll snitch on us, too?” I asked, concerned.
“Nah,” Ijaz sighed. “Abid's many things, but he ain't no snitch.”
“Abid was the one guy who played it the safest man,” I murmured. “He never got caught in his fucking life. What the fuck changed?”
“He got hypnotized by pussy,” Ijaz admitted.
“Didn't have Abid down for a romantic,” I mumbled, and Ijaz let out a small chuckle.
“The poor bastard was in love with a secret agent,” he shrugged. “And things obviously got messy. He was setting himself up for failure.”
“Out of all the girls he could have had,” I sighed, rolling my eyes. “I hope he makes it out in there man. He was good to me…” I broke off my sentence. “And prison is no walk in the fucking park.”
“Real shit man…” Ijaz sighed. “The five years that you had to do…” He drifted off his sentence, shaking his head as I stared at him uncomfortably. “It’s nothing compared to what he's serving.” He took a deep breath in. “Over six consecutive life sentences.”
“Fucking hell,” I mumbled. I could only imagine how fucked up that was. I barely managed five years. I felt so terrible for Abid… Because he was still relatively young too, in his late thirties, and he would be spending the rest of his life rotting away behind bars. He had so much left to live for… And he lost everything over a woman.
Ijaz threw the pizza box out of the window as he finished the last slice, and we drove in silence for a little while, contemplating Abid's future.
Abid was a good friend to me. He always looked out for me, and treated me like a brother while him and I were in the Mafia. He was a good person… Obviously not good in the fucked up sense that we killed people, but deep down, he was. We’d both been groomed into this way of living from a young age.
I guess hearing about Abid made me scared to get attached to a woman myself… Because you never know when the people who claim they care about you will stab you in the back. I’d grown out of my phase of treating women like dirt, and treating them like sex objects, but regardless, I was scared to let a woman in for real. I could only imagine the pain and heartbreak that Abid was experiencing right now. He was already always in a constant battle with his mental health… And this must have pushed him over the edge.
I turned another bend, and then looked outside and narrowed my eyes. It was 2AM at night, but I recognized the face of a man, who was standing in an alleyway against a cold brick wall, smoking a cigarette.
I squinted my eyes, trying to focus properly… And then I figured out who it was.
Habib.
The bastard I met in Bullring today.
The bastard that had been giving Sarina grief.
	Seeing him here, chilling out casually, as if nothing had happened… Was fucking infuriating me. Making my anger boil to the surface. Making me recall every brutal moment of him slapping Sarina, and cursing her with vile words.
	This motherfucker was going to pay for real this time.
“Hey, hold up a second,” I said to Ijaz, slamming my foot down on the brakes as the car screeched to a halt.
“What's up, bro?!” Ijaz asked, taken aback.
“I'm stopping the car, Shitlock Holmes,” I remarked, rolling my eyes and balling my hand into a fist, as I made my way out of the car.
“Why?” Ijaz called after me, confused and baffled.
I broke into a run as I made my way over to Habib in the alleyway. My blood was running cold just looking at the sight of his disgusting face. He made me so angry. 
Just looking at him made me angry.
Ijaz started sprinting after me, still baffled at the whole situation. I hadn’t told him about the incident at Bullring, so obviously he was in the dark about everything.
“What the fuck is going on, bro?!” Ijaz demanded.
	I strolled into the alleyway, and Habib was taking another drag of his cigarette. I launched at him, punching him so hard that he toppled backwards and his head smacked hard against the wall. He was already bleeding.
“What the fuck!” Habib shouted.
I punched him repeatedly in his ribs, to the point he was crying out in pain. I kicked him hard in the crotch. The stupid bastard was lucky that I didn’t burn his balls off. 
“You're the same bastard from the shop!” Habib cried out, as he clutched his crotch in pain, whimpering. 
“You're gonna stay the fuck away from Sarina or you're going six feet under,” I warned him in a low tone. I doubled him over, kicking him to the ground, and then put my full weight on to him, punching him repeatedly in his face until I could hear two of his teeth snap and knock clean out, paired with the pain he still had from me breaking his jaw earlier.
“What are you, the cavalry?” Habib coughed, spitting out the blood from his mouth onto my face. “You can't tell me what to fucking do.”
“I don't tolerate men who hit women,” I said, wiping my face with my sleeve disgustedly. “Disgusting bastard. For what you did just now, you deserve more.”
I rose to my feet, battering his head by kicking it repeatedly, until the wind knocked out of his lungs, and he could barely breathe. I wanted to kill this bastard. This vile fucking scum… 
But I had to restrain myself. I couldn’t kill him, or the new slate that I wanted after leaving jail wouldn’t even be wiped clean. 
That didn’t mean that I couldn’t torture him, though. I grabbed hold of his head with my hands, slamming it into the pavement until his cries were so low that he could barely speak anymore. He was suffocating.
“P - please stop!” Habib cried out, as I screamed with anger. “Please!”
“You're to stay away from Sarina!” I bellowed. “You don't know who you're dealing with.” I kicked him in the balls again. “I run Birmingham,” I warned.
“Y - you're Steve's stepson…” Habib whimpered, his voice so quiet that it was barely above a whisper. “Fuck… I'm so sorry.” He broke off his sentence, to cough out more blood as he struggled for air. “I s - swear, I'll stay away from her.”
“I'm my own man, I don't need no fucking labels,” I shot back, pissed off that he referred to me as Steve’s stepson. The bastard needed to put some respect on my fucking name. I was better than Steve. Ten times the man he fucking was. I couldn’t even be compared to the level of vile that he was.
“I hope you got the message loud and clear,” I spat bitterly, spinning him around and punching him hard, one last time, for good measure. 
He clutched his body in pain, hardly able to move because he was so bruised and beaten and bloody.
“Y - yes…” Habib whimpered, as he drifted in and out of unconsciousness.
	I spat on him, getting up on my feet, and then turned on my heel, ready to walk out of the alleyway.

CHAPTER 32
FORCED MARRIAGE

§    LOUIS    §

I stormed over to Ijaz, rolling my eyes as we continued to hear Habib cry. The pathetic excuse of a man.
“Let's get going,” I sighed, as Ijaz stared at me with a blank expression on his face. 
“What the hell was all that about, bro?” he asked, frowning and folding his arms. “Who was that guy and why the fuck did you lose it just there? Who's Sarina?”
I folded my arms awkwardly, because I didn’t even know how to answer that question myself. The reality was that me and Sarina were nothing to each other… She was just a chick that I’d come across at work, who never contacted me again. Even though I had wanted us both to be so much more, I wasn’t going to chase somebody who didn’t want me too.
“I saw a fight at the mall and he was hitting a girl called Sarina,” I explained angrily. “I can't stand women beaters, bro.”
“Yeah, it was good of you to step in,” Ijaz admitted, narrowing his eyes as if he was looking for more to the story. I didn’t want to talk about this because it would just make me feel even angrier than I already was. 
Ijaz continued to stare at me, and then sighed and rolled his eyes. “Let's go,” he shrugged, and we both made our way out of the alleyway and back to the car.

***

THE NEXT DAY…

I made my way to Birmingham city center again today, because gym had helped me vent my frustration yesterday, and I really wanted to turn it into a regular habit. 
	I strolled through town with my earphones plugged in, listening to a song called Do It Again by Pia Mia, Chris Brown and Tyga. I began bopping my head to the beat, losing sense of my surroundings…
	“Let’s do it again,” I sang. “Nice to nice to know you let’s do it again…”	
And I lost the sense of my surroundings so quickly, that I fell slap-bang straight into somebody, and she fell over.
“Shit, I'm so sorry!” I sighed, plugging out my earphones, and helping her up from the ground by letting out my hand for her to take. 
She turned around to face me as she got onto her two feet, which was when I realized…
It was Lola.
“Lola!” I said surprisedly. 
“Hey,” Lola said sheepishly.
“I’m so sorry,” I apologized again. “I really wasn’t watching where I was going.”
She folded her arms, and I couldn’t help but scratch my arm awkwardly. I needed to ease the tension between us, especially after how I’d ditched her yesterday to help out Sarina. It was rude of me to not at least say goodbye to Lola.
“Where are you headed?” I shrugged.
“Just going to the gym,” Lola admitted. 
“Same,” I smiled. 
I narrowed my eyes to stare at what she was wearing today. She was wearing tight black bicycle shorts paired with a black sports bra that teased her nipple piercing, and it was a massive turn-on.
“You were supposed to show me around tomorrow but then you got caught up…” Lola drifted off her sentence, biting her nails awkwardly, before putting her hands on her hips. “I didn't even get a chance to get your number,” she shrugged.
“I'm so sorry,” I said exhaustedly. “But I think you can agree that it was getting pretty heated…”
“Yeah, I know,” Lola admitted, shrugging. “You’re right, I couldn’t blame you.”
I folded my arms, as I continued to drink in the gorgeous view, my eyes shifting from side-to-side. “Well, how about I make it up to you?” I smiled.
“You can make it up to me by taking me up on that personal training offer,” Lola giggled, and I burst out into laughter.
She bit her lip seductively, suddenly serious again. It felt like she was undressing me with her eyes.
“And maybe a meal when we're done,” she said suggestively.
“Sure,” I smirked, suddenly more turned on than ever at the thought of me and Lola maybe booking a hotel room after the meal. And by her body contact, I could tell that she was thinking the same.
“By the way, what's the night-life here like?” Lola asked, intrigued.
“I wouldn't know, I haven't checked it out yet,” I shrugged. “I’ve been so caught up with my own shit.”
Because the truth was, I hadn’t checked out the night-life. I’d gone to prison as soon as I turned eighteen, the legal age to be going to nightclubs and strip clubs and stuff. Sure, I’d been to a bar just a few weeks before I turned eighteen, with Ijaz when I met Chantelle and his girlfriend Maymunah, but that was about it. I was itching to know how clubbing would feel like after so many years of not being to a rave or a party.
“Well, let's go check it out on Friday night,” Lola smiled, biting her lip again. 
“It's a date,” I smirked, and I could see her begin to blush uncontrollably, pink flushing to her cheeks. This was what she’d been waiting for… And I was going to give it to her. 
I was excited. To go on my first, proper date. Not just to fuck random women without ever getting to know them first. And even though I didn’t have any feelings for Lola… It wouldn’t hurt to spend some time with her and see how things went.
“Hey Louis?” came a voice, that snapped me out of my trance and thoughts.
I narrowed my eyes, folding my arms as I paid attention to my surroundings. Behind Lola…
Sarina was standing there.
Lola turned around, looking just as lost as I was. I was confused because after the way Sarina had spoken to me after I’d helped her yesterday, I wasn’t expecting her to ever approach me again…
And Lola was confused as to why the hell a woman I saved from a fight was now approaching me and wanting to speak to me. And even knew my name.
I knew that it was none of Lola’s business, but nevertheless, I felt bad for always cutting things short with her. Something always interrupted us or got in the way, and I could only imagine how frustrated she felt because of that.
“Oh, hey Sarina,” I shrugged casually, trying my best to not seem bothered by her approaching me.
Sarina took a deep breath in. “Can I talk to you?” she asked eventually, scratching her arm awkwardly.
	Lola’s eyes flashed with anger and jealousy. “I don't mean to be rude, but we're kinda busy here,” she snapped, folding her arms, pissed off.
	I sighed. It wouldn’t hurt to see what Sarina wanted, and to see why she was speaking to me. I would just have to speak to Lola some other time. I needed some answers from Sarina, anyway…
“It's fine Lola, you go ahead without me,” I shrugged. 
“But-” she protested. 
“I'll catch you up later,” I promised her.
	Her screw-face expression relaxed a little. I could tell that she still wasn’t happy about this, but she wasn’t going to complain. “Okay,” she smiled, and then purposefully gave me a kiss on the cheek before she left, leaving a lipgloss mark on my face. I couldn’t help but to smirk. She was immature, but it was hot how possessive she was.
	I spun back to reality, folding my arms awkwardly, as Sarina stared at me with an uncomfortable expression on her face. She really had no right to be jealous, especially when it was her who had shown no interest in me, and had cut me off, rather than the other way around.
“So, what's up?” I sighed, because despite everything, I was still concerned about her. I’d just beaten up that Habib bastard yesterday night, for God’s sake. Maybe she’d found out about it, which was the reason why she was speaking to me now…
“Can we go back to my place and talk?” she asked timidly. “I – I really don't want to be alone right now.”
	From the get-go, when she had suggested her place, I knew that this wasn’t going to be a good idea. Not in the sexual sense, because I wasn’t a fucking predator… But we could have gone to a coffee shop, or a burger place… But she really did look so upset, so I knew better than to protest. 
“Lead the way,” I reassured her.
She nodded, her eyes flashing with water, and then turned on her heel, walking out of Bullring shopping center, while I followed her lead. Seeing her so upset and sad was twisting my own heart into knots, and I didn’t like this feeling… This feeling of genuinely caring for somebody that I hardly knew. My whole life, my motto had been no weakness, because caring about somebody was only going to lead to my own downfall. I would do my best to help her feel better, but I couldn’t get attached to her… 
For my own sake and for hers.

***

Sarina arrived at her apartment, unlocking the door and ushering me inside. Her walls were painted pink, and she had teddy bears and cushions scattered everywhere, a sofa bed as well as a normal one, and a little TV in the corner. It was cute… And it felt really homely.
	She took in a deep breath, as we walked to the middle of the room. I folded my arms awkwardly, not knowing what to say or do. She bit her lip in embarrassment, doing her best to break the silence.
“So, do you want to sit down?” she asked timidly.
	“Nah, I’m fine standing,” I said flatly, because I was tired of showing her kindness when all she’d shown me back was coldness and cruelty.
“I can get you a drink, or a bite to eat?” she offered, shrugging.
	“I’m not hungry,” I shrugged. She seemed hurt by my blunt responses, but as much as I wanted to be nice to her, I didn’t want her to treat me like a doormat.
	She took several deep breaths in and out, her chest heaving upwards and downwards. “L – Look,” she stammered, a tear sliding down her cheek. “I'm sorry…” She shook her head, taking her head into her hands, before looking back up at me, and I felt more guilty and sadder than ever. “I'm sorry I've been acting distant and cold towards you…”
“You don't owe me an explanation,” I sighed. “We're grown adults. You’re entitled to do whatever you please, and to cut people out of your life whenever you want to. I won’t take it personally.”
	I folded my arms awkwardly, because the truth was, Sarina didn’t owe me anything. As much as I wanted her to let me in, and as much as I wanted her to let me help her… She wasn’t obligated to treat me with respect. She had free will.
“I –” Sarina began, letting out a sharp intake of breath. “I heard what happened to Habib in that alleyway. Y – You didn't have to do that for me.”
“I didn't do it for you,” I lied. “Scumbags like that need to be taught a lesson.”
	I shifted about my spot uncomfortably. I was already tired of going around in circles with her. She was such a fucking difficult mystery to solve.
“I - I'm scared that he'll retaliate…” Sarina admitted, speaking with a sad tone in her voice. “T – that he'll hurt you. He has so many contacts in Birmingham…” She drifted off her sentence again, swallowing a lump that had caught up in her throat, as if she was trying to stop herself from crying.
“I'm a big man, I can take care of myself,” I reassured her, and then folded my arms again, not knowing what to say.
	Sarina took another deep breath in, and then another deep breath out. She looked a little pissed off by the way that I was replying and speaking to her, and the truth was, I couldn’t blame her… I was being an asshole. I was sure that there was a reason behind everything, because she had enough on her own plate, and I was being selfish just because she didn’t send me a few text messages asking me if I was okay. She was having a tough time of it herself.
“I came here to talk…” Sarina sighed. “But if you're going to behave like this then you may as well leave.”
Fuck it. I was going to tell her how I was really feeling about the whole situation.
“I just don't understand you,” I admitted exhaustedly. “We had a fun time getting to know each other. And all of a sudden you act like I'm a complete stranger, and put your walls up again.” I broke off my sentence, shaking my head. “Why would you even approach me if you have a boyfriend?”
“Habib's not my boyfriend…” Sarina sighed, shaking her head, before thinking of her next words carefully. “Look, I trust you,” she admitted. “I hardly know you and you've already done so much for me… Such a big favour.”
“It was nothing,” I shrugged, suddenly feeling waves of sadness hit my body from fifty different directions at once. 
“It meant a lot to me,” Sarina said timidly, and then drew in a deep breath.
“Well, if Habib wasn’t your boyfriend…” I tried. “Then who the hell was he, and what the hell did he want from you?”
I found myself curious to know more about this situation. The whole dilemma was just screwing with my mind to the point of no return. I was glad that Sarina had the confidence that day in the shop to come and approach me… But other times, it was like she was a shy, completely different, closed off and reserved person. I wanted to know more about the story behind the way she really was.
	Sarina let out a sharp intake of breath. “I – I’ll tell you,” she stammered, scratching her arm timidly.
	“Take your time,” I reassured her.
“W – When I was back in London, I was kept locked in a house…” she began, a tear sliding down her cheek. “Not allowed to leave… Because they were going to force me to marry Habib against my will.” She broke off her sentence, letting out a sob, and I could feel my heart twist into knots at her words already. Fuck. Hearing about shit like this made my blood fucking boil. Forced marriages… 
“I found a way to run away, but…” Sarina sighed, shaking her head. “They'll be looking for me. Habib found me yesterday… When I found out that Habib was roaming around in Birmingham, I thought it would be best to keep myself to myself. I didn't want them to see me with other people like you… And then have to involve you in my problems.”
She coughed up another sob, and I had to bite my own tongue to stop myself from crying. This whole time, she’d been staying away from me because she wanted to protect me from any harm that might come to me… And it was sad, because I didn’t need protection. She really had no idea who I really was. I’d been a Mafia Kingpin, and I could take care of myself… But nevertheless, I appreciated her gesture all the same. I wanted to help her, and I wanted to protect her. I felt an instinct within me that pleaded with me to burn down all of the motherfuckers who’d ever caused her trouble. I didn’t want her to ever fear or be scared for her life again…
As she continued to sob and her tears fell onto the floor, I wrapped my arms around her and held her close to my chest. She sobbed against my chest, and I did my best to make her feel safe and protected. I stroked her hair, and gave her a small kiss on the forehead. 
“Shhh, it's okay,” I whispered. “Sarina, I promise you, you're safe here. As long as I'm around… Nobody will touch you or hurt you. I'll make sure of it.”
	Sarina sniffed, slowly pulling away from my embrace as she dried her eyes with her thumbs. I let out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. My heart was crying for her and what she’d been through… What she’d had to endure and suffer through.
“T - thank you,” she mumbled. “Now you see why I have trust issues, huh?”
“Yeah,” I admitted, scratching my neck.
She bit her lip hesitantly, as if she was going to regret the question that she was about to ask me. “I saw you with a girl earlier…” she began awkwardly, and I folded my arms. “Is she your girlfriend? She – She was beautiful.”
I bit my own lip as I realized that Sarina really did care about me too, and who I was seeing and not seeing. Besides, I was in her apartment… She deserved an explanation. I would hate to give off the negative vibe that I went to other girl’s flats, while having a girlfriend myself.
“The truth is, Sarina, I have trust issues too,” I admitted, shrugging as she folded her arms uneasily. “I'm a player, I’m a fuckboy, and I won't deny it.” I sighed heavily, because I felt so ashamed of myself. “My whole life, I grew up with women who only wanted to fuck me. It's all I know… And deep down-” I broke off my sentence, shaking my head. “I don't think I'm ready for commitment. It’s a lot of responsibility… And I don’t know if I’m ready to give my all to a woman.”
I spoke nothing but the truth in my words, because the truth was, I didn’t feel ready. I was afraid of being hurt, afraid of being played, afraid of being used… Especially after finding out that Abid fell in love, and got thrown into jail as a result of it.
	Sarina looked disappointed at what I’d just said, and I couldn’t really blame her. I’d finally told her the truth, after sending her mixed signals for such a long time. But even though I’d just opened up to her, and admitted to a few skeletons in my own closet, she still didn’t judge me, or give me a harsh or bitter response. 
“Yeah, I understand,” she nodded. “You are still young, after all. I completely get where you’re coming from.”
“Yeah,” I shrugged, and then looked behind her to the clock on the wall. The longer I stayed here, the sooner something might happen that we would both regret later, and I didn’t want that… Because even after telling Sarina that I was a player, she was biting her lip at me, and her eyes were flashing with lust and desire, like she didn’t care about any consequences that would happen if we did what I knew she was thinking of doing…
“Anyway, I'll get going now,” I said, my breath catching in my throat as I stared at her. She was upset earlier, which was why I didn’t pay much attention to how she looked before… But now I found myself biting my lip as I stared at her, because just staring at her made me feel fucking undone. Lola was nothing compared to how attractive I found Sarina.
Sarina was something else. She was wearing tiny ripped blue shorts paired with a hot-red coloured crop top. She had a belly button piercing, as well as a Birds-in-Flight tattoo just above her hip. Everything about her was so beautiful.
But I needed to snap out of it. I couldn’t stay here; I needed to get going… I couldn’t fuck her, or even kiss her for that matter. The more I thought about it, the more I realized that somebody like Sarina really didn’t deserve a man like me. She knew nothing about who I really was, and my past involvement in the Mafia. She deserved so much better than somebody like me. She was a good girl, and it wouldn’t be fair for me to pursue her, knowing that she could have anybody she wanted, but I was hiding so much from her…
“Let me know if you need anything,” I sighed, turning on my heel as I made my way to her apartment door, ready to let myself out… But before I could, she spun me around, grabbing hold of my chest with her arms, her eyes burning with such an intense lust that my pants were suddenly feeling way too fucking tight. 
“Wait,” she whispered, her fingers running across my chest, as I let out several deep breaths that I didn’t know I was holding.
This couldn’t happen…
And I found myself asking the Lord in my head, why are you punishing me like this…?

CHAPTER 33
JEALOUSY AND ENEMIES

§    LOUIS    §

“Sarina, what are you doing?” I found the words tumbling out of my mouth, trying my best not to give into her.
“Please don't go,” she whispered, dragging her nails across my chest as she bit her lip.
“As much as I want to spread your legs across your kitchen table-” I murmured, “You deserve better than me…” 
I withdrew myself from her. It was taking all the self-control that I had in me to restrain myself and not slam her across the wall right now and have my way with her. She whimpered, and I knew that she was gutted. In all truth, so was I…
“You're a good girl, and I'm a player…” I mumbled. “I don't want you to get hurt.”
“I don't care, please…” she pleaded, bringing her hand up to my face, forcing me to look her in the eye.
I drew out a deep breath, struggling to keep my composure as she continued to undress me with her eyes. But I needed to put a stop to this, before we both dug ourselves into a pit that we couldn’t get out of…
“I'm sorry…” I whispered, and then turned on my heel, my heart hammering against my chest as I walked out of her apartment. I could feel her eyes burn into my back as she watched me leave, knowing that she was just as as upset as I was.

***

I made my way to my car, frustrated and pissed off at this whole situation. I was so fucking angry. 
I couldn't get Sarina off my mind. It made me so fucking mad knowing what she had to go through. Shit that no girl should ever have to experience…
	I drove angrily on the motorway, hitting the accelerator to speed up the car and try to distract my mind from thinking about Sarina. I could feel a single tear slide out of my cheek, as I re-counted every single thing she told me that she’d been through. My heart ached for her, and I hated this feeling.
I couldn't let myself get attached to her. I barely knew her…
It wasn't fucking right for me to waltz into her life and ruin it. With the amount of baggage I carried from my past, we would never work out…
I was mad at myself. Mad at myself for the stupid shit that I'd done. Mad at myself for throwing myself into a good girl's life. She deserved the world, and I couldn't be the man to give it to her. She looked a million fucking dollars, with that beautiful face and that beautiful body…
She was better off without me. I couldn't be selfish, because I'd never committed to a girl ever, in my entire life...
	I let out a deep breath, as I furiously rotated the steering wheel, and slammed my foot down onto the brakes, pulling up at a Service Station.
	I needed to stop these feelings… 
I needed to repress these feelings…
	Before they got the fucking better of me.

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

I was standing in the middle of my bedroom, texting Ijaz on my phone.
What's popping, bro? I wrote.
I'm in town man, come quick!  Ijaz texted. There's some men from the old rival gang eyeing me up down the street. I think they're gonna make a move on me, bro.
For fuck's sake, I'm on my way. I replied.
	I shoved my phone into my pocket angrily, pissed off at Ijaz for always getting himself involved in stupid shit. I rolled my eyes angrily, and then bolted out of the room. Even though I promised myself that I’d wipe my slate clean, Ijaz was my day-one brother, and whenever he needed help, I would be a shit friend not to give it to him.
	I ran into the living room, ready to make my way out of the front door, and into town. But as soon as I reached the living room, I found myself stopping dead in my tracks.
	“Wait a minute…” I murmured to myself. 
	I stared down at the floor, bending down to look at it properly, before holding it up in front of my face. My blood almost ran cold as I realized what it was.
	A packet of white powder.
	I could feel a lump catch in my throat, as my heart hammered against my chest uncontrollably. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I couldn’t believe it…
	Was Mum using again?
I knew that Mum had been using while I was in jail. I found that out on the inside, the same time I found out that Steve had been beating her…
	I let out a deep breath that I didn’t know I was holding. Maybe I was just jumping to rash conclusions. 
Maybe it was an old packet from before I came out of jail. She'd been fine since I came back… Ever since we’d made amends, I hadn’t noticed anything off with her, or anything out of the ordinary. 
I prayed to God that Mum wasn’t using again…
“Yeah, it's probably that…” I whispered to myself. “Probably an old packet. Mum’s fine, I know she is…”
I nodded to myself, trying my best to convince myself that I was right. And then I allowed my head to spin back to reality, and the fact that Ijaz needed me right now, so I continued to run out of the house, trying my best to forget about what I’d just seen.

***

As I arrived in the Birmingham city center, I saw Ijaz and a man both punching each other in a heated fist fight. The man didn’t look familiar to me, but Ijaz was getting positively fucking humiliated. He couldn’t fight for shit.
	I stepped in, punching the man from behind when he was least expecting it, so that he knocked over and fell down on to the floor unconscious. 
“What the fuck bro?!” I spat at Ijaz. “He was fucking thrashing you!”
“Motherfucker,” Ijaz retorted, rolling his eyes. “Let's kill him and be done with it.”
“You're on your own,” I snapped back. “I left the game, remember? Clean slate…” My voice trailed off, as my anger boiled to the surface. “So stop involving me in your fuck ups, Ijaz!”
“It's not my fault, he came out of nowhere!” Ijaz yelled defensively, crossing his arms huffily. “Fine, we'll let him live. But when he comes back to retaliate don't say I didn't tell you so!”
	I rolled my eyes, wanting to forget that this whole thing ever happened. I needed to take my mind off it, and I really couldn’t be arsed to argue with Ijaz. He was like a fucking kid. Whenever we spoke to each other, we just went around in fucking circles.
“I need a fucking drink,” I sighed.
“Great timing,” Ijaz said, rolling his eyes. “There's a bar around the corner, let's go man.”
	I nodded. I could do with a bit of loosening up after the aftermath of everything that had happened in my life lately. Some loud music, shots and a bit of dancing would do me some massive good right now, especially with my best friend here by my side.

***

We bought a pass into the club and then made our way inside. We were both wearing jeans and a shirt, rather than our normal trackpants and hoodie combination, so we were dressed appropriately for the occasion.
	When we walked out on to the dance floor, there were only about 20 people inside, drinking and dancing. Clubs in Birmingham were usually rammed… especially on a Friday night. But today, it was surprisingly dead and quiet. 
“The club looks hella empty today,” said Ijaz.
“Tell me about it,” I replied.
“Looks like I'm not getting laid tonight,” Ijaz shrugged, looking pissed off and agitated. I roared with laughter, because getting laid was seriously the only thing Ijaz ever thought about or had on his mind. If he didn’t get his fix of sex, he’d be pissed off and moody for the rest of the night.
“Chill bro, it's only 11 o'clock,” I reassured him, still laughing. “Clubs don't get lit until 1AM.”
“True…” Ijaz murmured. “I'm just gonna get fucking wasted until then, then,” he exclaimed, with his hands on his hips.
	I let out another laugh, as I began loosening up and enjoying the music, already forgetting about the little fight that Ijaz had just had in the alleyway. Me and Ijaz both walked over to the bar area of the club.
	“Whisky, neat,” I called to the barman.
	“Double cherry vodka for me, please,” Ijaz ordered.
	We sat down on the bar stools, patiently waiting for our drinks.
	“Here you go, boys,” said the barman. We dumped some cash onto the counter, and then downed our drinks in one swallow each.
“This was fucking needed,” Ijaz grunted, letting out a groan of satisfaction. 
	I chuckled again, and then stood on my two feet, as I dusted myself off and slammed the cup back on the counter. As I was about to take out my wallet to order another drink, I felt a long, slender hand touch my arm.
“Hey Louis!” came a voice.
I spun around and Ijaz did the same, rubbing his chin in thought. Of course it was going to be her… We promised each other that we were going to check out the night-life in Birmingham together, and I’d completely forgotten that I was supposed to do that with her today.
I took a minute to take in the beautiful girl before me.
Lola.
My eyes were flashing with hunger and lust as I saw her in ways I'd never looked at her before. The tiny black dress that she was wearing barely covered her ass, and her gold gladiator heels elongated her legs. The zipper underneath her busty cleavage was just screaming to be opened. She bit her lip as she looked at me, and I knew that she wanted me too.
“Lola,” I smirked, letting her know that I was appreciating the view. “You look beautiful.”
	She scratched her neck sheepishly, blushing wildly underneath my dirty gaze. I was undressing her with my eyes. Today, she was leaving little to the imagination. She was walking sex on fucking legs.
Ijaz folded his arms, and he was smirking too. “You didn't tell me you have such a pretty friend, Louis.”
	Lola giggled in response, and I rolled my eyes. Ijaz needed to find another girl to flirt with, because even though I didn’t like Lola in a romantic way, I definitely liked her in a sexual one… 
And tonight…
I wanted her all to myself.
“Do you wanna dance, Louis?” Lola asked, biting her lip and smiling at me.
“Lead the way, babe,” I said coyly, wrapping my arm around her waist so that it was resting just above her ass, as she led me to the dance floor.

§    IJAZ    §

As I watched Louis walk away with this Lola chick, I couldn’t help but feel jealous because he always got the sexiest women, and I was here with nobody tonight. 
“It's cool guys!” I called out after them, as I continued to drown my sorrows in alcohol, buying more and more shots. “I'll die a virgin!”
	Why did God always have to curse me like this?

§    LOUIS    §

We swayed in rhythm with the music, as Lola grinded her ass against me. 
	The song in the club that was playing was a song called The Artist by Jay Sean. And with that song playing, with Lola dancing on me like this, rubbing her body on mine…
	Was by far one of the hottest things that I’d ever experienced.
	My vision was getting foggy with the wild thoughts that I had running through my head. Her fingers skimmed against my body as we danced, both of us driven with a wild lust. It was hard to control myself much longer.
	The song continued to play…
	And when you feel me in between your legs, I’m pullin’ on your hair, I’ll back up all the things I said, that I whispered in your ear…
	All on your body with my lips baby, and every bit of me… Will satisfy that’s what you’ve been cravin’, fulfil our fantasies.
Wasting no time, Lola slammed her mouth on mine, dominating me with a hot kiss. This girl was so fucking sexy, and she knew what she was doing. It was hard to restrain myself…
It had been so long since I'd been intimate with a girl like this…
“Fuck!” I moaned against her mouth, as I slid my hands underneath her dress, grabbing her ass with both of my hands and squeezing it while I played with the lace of her thong.
“Mmmm…” she whimpered, as she slid her hand underneath my shirt, tracing the lines and curves of my six-pack with her long fingers. “Let's get out of here.”
“You don't have to tell me twice, baby girl.”
I picked her up without once breaking the kiss. My pants were suddenly feeling way too fucking tight. She wrapped her legs around me, moving her hands to my face, and kissed me as if her life depended on it. We were both breathless, and didn’t care who was watching, as I carried her away from the dance floor.

§    SARINA    §

I’d just arrived at the club, and the first thing I saw when I entered the dance floor…
	Was Louis, tongue-fucking the same woman that I’d seen him with in Bullring, who he claimed wasn’t his girlfriend.
That bitch! 
Louis was mine, and I didn’t like fucking sharing. She needed to learn her place. She needed to take her hands away from where they didn’t fucking belong.
And I knew the perfect way to stop them both.

CHAPTER 34
WICKED GAMES

§    LOUIS    §

Me and Lola continued to kiss at the back of the club in the couch area. I couldn’t resist her for much longer. I didn’t want to have to drive all the way home before I could continue putting my hands on her. I wanted and needed her now.
	My hands continued to explore her body, tracing her curves in all of the right places. She spun me around, slamming me against the wall while she rubbed on my crotch over my jeans. I rolled my head back in pleasure…
	Until I saw that from the corner of my eye.
	Something that pissed me off so badly that my blood boiled to the point it almost dried up…
	And suddenly, I wasn’t so turned on to do things with Lola anymore.
“What the fuck!” I shouted, signaling her to get off of me. I was furious… So fucking furious.
	Lola stared at me with a surprised and shocked expression, feeling embarrassed that I’d moved away from her.
“Did – Did I do something wrong?” she stammered, scratching her arm awkwardly.
	“No fucking way…” I growled in a low tone, blood rushing to my cheeks as my anger continued to boil to the surface.
	Ijaz and Sarina were both dancing together on the dance-floor. She had her hands all over him, grinding her ass up and down his crotch, while he slapped it and cheered, rubbing on her body from behind.
	The fact that Ijaz had his hands on her was enough to make my skin fry to the point I felt completely nothing.
	Sarina wasn’t mine, but the thought of another man touching her, and pleasing her, was enough to push me over the brink. Enough to make me so fucking angry, that I wanted to kill Ijaz right there and then, even though he was my best friend. 
	I found myself leaving Lola’s side, and storming to the dance floor, shoving Ijaz off Sarina so hard that he almost toppled over.
“What the fuck, Sarina?!” I yelled.
Ijaz screwed his face up, trying his best to stand straight again after I’d just shoved him. 
“Do you mind bro?!” he screamed angrily. “We're kinda busy here.”
“Busy trying to catch my fucking fist?!” I spat bitterly, balling my hand into one, ready to fight him. Sarina stared at me with a smug look on her face, and her arms folded. She was fucking enjoying this. She was enjoying me getting hot and bothered because of her. I bet she was purposefully making me jealous because of the way I’d rejected her at her apartment the other night.
“What's your deal man?” Ijaz shot back. “She told me she was single, now go crawl back to the pink-haired girl you just had your tongue rammed down.”
	I folded my arms angrily, knowing that I needed to cool down before I said something to Ijaz that I would regret afterwards. I couldn’t give two fucks about Lola. She was just there for a bit of fun…
	But Sarina, on the other hand. She was fucking special. I cared about her, even though I didn’t want to. Seeing her with another man fucking infuriated me.
“Sarina, you're coming with me,” I shrugged flatly, making it known that I was ordering her, and she didn’t have a choice. 
“Excuse me?” she remarked, repulsed.
	“You’re coming with me,” I repeated.
	“No,” she shot back, rolling her eyes. “I’m not your property. You don’t own me.”
	“Sarina, I promise you all hell will break loose if you don’t come with me right now!” I yelled.
	“Go away,” she retorted.
	That was it. She was pissing me off… And she needed punishing. I picked her up with my strong arms, throwing her over my shoulder.
	“LOUIS!” she screamed, punching my back. “PUT ME DOWN RIGHT NOW!”
	“No can do, baby girl,” I retorted, and then made my way out of the club, holding her firmly in my arms as much as she protested and continued to punch me.

§    IJAZ    §

As I watched Louis pick up that girl and carry her out of the club, and the girl pretend to not like it when she fucking loved it really, made me sigh even more. Louis got all of the fucking girls, and she still walked out with him even after watching him tongue-fuck another woman.
	Screw life for yet again making me feel single as fuck. Guess I would have to continue drowning my sorrows in alcohol.

§    LOLA    §

I watched Louis walk out with another woman over his shoulder…
	The same woman that he saved from a fight in the fucking Bullring.
	And it made me so pissed off. He always left me hanging for her… What the fuck did this bitch have that was so special, that I didn’t? She wasn’t even that pretty.
	Louis had left me high and dry one too many fucking times now. He needed to quit playing around with me. Using me and sending me mixed signals. 
Fucking asshole.

§    LOUIS    §

I made my way out of the club, to the empty street next to it, and then put Sarina back down on the floor, with a massive smirk plastered on my face. She shook her fists angrily. It was cute how she pretended to be pissed off, when deep down, she loved every fucking second of it.
“What is your problem, dude?” Sarina shot at me.
I leaned over on her, making her step backwards and slam straight into the wall. Our faces were just centimeters apart. She bit her lip, as she let out a sigh. I had my arms on either side of her. She was trapped underneath me. She let out a whimper, that screwed with my mind so much that I just wanted to tear her clothes off and plunge my fingers inside of her, having her throw her head back in pleasure as I left wet kisses all over her neck.
“You're playing a very dangerous game, sugar,” I whispered, nibbling on her earlobe as her breathing became labored. Her eyes flashed at me hungrily, darkening with desire and lust.
“Do I make you nervous, Sarina?” I smirked.
“What's your deal?” she retorted, trying her best to regain her composure, after I’d left her all undone. “I'm having fun, you can't stop me.”
“Don't play around like you didn't know the guy you were dancing with is my best fucking friend,” I whispered.
“And?” she shrugged.
“And?” I repeated, smirking.
“The last time I checked, I'm entitled to dance with whoever I like,” she said confidently, with her hands on her hips.
“That doesn't include my friends, baby girl,” I murmured.
“Quit fucking fooling around,” she shot back angrily. “In case you're forgetting, you're the one who didn't want to do anything with me!”
She shook her fists angrily, her eyes still smouldering with lust.
“You can do better than Ijaz,” I smirked. “He's a dick, he only uses girls to fuck and then never contact again.”
“It's not for you to decide who I see and don't see,” Sarina retorted.
“Come on baby girl, you know I'm just looking out for you,” I teased, and she got nervous again, scratching her arm as she continued to bite her lip.
“And there she is, all nervous again,” I said victoriously.
“Fuck you, asshole!” she shouted, as I nibbled on her earlobe.
“I love it when you growl,” I said, and she shoved me hard, breaking the little distance that we had between us. I burst out laughing. I couldn’t help myself.
“I'm going back inside to dance with Ijaz, and you can't stop me,” she said huffily. “Who knows, maybe I'll go to his apartment when the night is over.” She winked at me, biting her lip.
I spun her around, slamming her back into the wall, trapping her with my arms. 
She should know better than to play with me.
She scratched her arm timidly, as her eyes continued to burn into mine with the anticipation of what was about to happen.
“Over my dead body, baby girl,” I murmured.
I could feel her heart beat rapidly under my touch. My fingers slowly traced the sides of her hips, as I moved even closer to her, to the point that there was no space separating us both. That was enough to turn her body into a frenzy. She trembled underneath my touch, staring at me pleadingly, wanting more, moving her lips closer to mine, as if she was screaming at me to kiss her. 
Fuck.
My hand slowly trailed down from her hips to her thighs, tracing circles on her bare skin. I slowly slid my hand up her dress and she gasped.
“Do you like that, baby?” I whispered, as I brought my hand higher to run my fingers down the arch of her back.
“Y – yes,” she moaned. “Don’t stop baby… Please…”
My eyes smoldered with lust. I wanted to tear off her dress and make her scream my name. One of her hands slowly snaked around the nape of my neck, pulling me in closer. She was staring at my lips, locking her eyes with mine.
The thought of another man touching her was suddenly driving me insane. She was so fucking gorgeous; I wanted her all to myself.
	Her breathing became more and more labored as she patiently waited for me to make a move. Her heart continued to hammer against her chest with the anticipation of me exploring her body and kissing her down from her breasts to her thighs.
But the thought of commitment scared me…
The thought of my past coming back to bite me in the ass scared me.
There was no denying our attraction, and what we felt for each other…
But I couldn't let this happen.
I couldn't let her into my dark world.
	As much as I wanted this. As much as I wanted her… I found myself frustrated again, and having to reel my self-control back in. I couldn’t do this to her. I couldn’t let her get involved with a criminal like me. I was so fucking selfish… 
	So I turned on my heel, taking a few deep breaths in and out…
	Before making my way back to the club, suddenly feeling like complete and utter shit, with waves of sadness hitting my body from thousands of different directions.
	Men like me didn’t deserve good women…

§    SARINA    §

What was that?
	I was so sure that Louis was going to give me a chance just now. I was so sure that he was going to make a move. I knew that he liked me. He was possessive and jealous, not to mention the way his heart thumped as I touched him and stared at him…
	But yet again, he closed off his walls just seconds before we were about to get anywhere. And I couldn’t help but feel my heart twist into knots as I watched him walk away. I wished that he would stop being so afraid of his feelings, and just give in to what his heart wanted…
	We couldn’t keep going round in circles forever.
	We couldn’t keep playing this dirty game forever…
	Fuck. 
I needed a drink.

§    LOUIS    §

“C'mon bro, let's bounce,” I sighed, as I located Ijaz on the dance floor. He’d been texting on his phone. I felt bad, because I’d left him in here alone… Just to come back sexually frustrated and annoyed and unsure of my fucking feelings. Fuck clubbing.
“What's your deal man?” Ijaz retorted. “You were gone for fucking ages!”
“Let's just say I had some business to take care of,” I sighed, rolling my eyes, because I realized that I probably still had a hard-on after that moment with Sarina in the alleyway.
“You're always taking all the girls man,” Ijaz shot back exhaustedly. “Help a brother out for once!”
	I couldn’t help but burst out laughing. I’d played some dirty games with two women tonight, but all Ijaz had done was drink some fucking vodka and get hammered.
“Whatever, bro,” I shrugged, and then folded my arms awkwardly as I scanned the dance-floor, and watched Lola walk up to us both. She looked huffy and pissed off. 
For fuck’s sake. There could only be one way to deal with her…
“Hey Louis?” she said, scratching her arm uneasily.
Ijaz stared at her, rubbing his chin in thought.
“Yes, Lola?” I replied flatly, rolling my eyes.
“Where did you go?” she asked awkwardly.
“That's really none of your business,” I shrugged. She jolted back, with a hurt expression on her face. “I don't think that we should see each other anymore.”
	I folded my arms, pissed off. Suddenly, I wasn't in the mood to hook up with Lola, or ever see her again. Or to even hook up with any other girls, for that matter. Seeing Sarina was really playing with my fucking head, and screwing with my mind to the point of no fucking return. I didn’t know what was wrong with me. Despite everything, I knew that it was wrong to string Lola along. She needed the harsh, bitter reality spoken to her, before she ended up catching feelings for me, and feeling even more hurt in the long run.
“What's bringing all this on?” Lola asked timidly, her face falling. 
“I'm sorry Lola, but you were just a hook up to me,” I sighed.
She scratched her neck, biting her lip as if she was trying to stop herself from bursting into tears.
“I wasn't expecting any less,” she mumbled. “But we were getting on so well.”
“It's not personal,” I shrugged. I didn’t think she needed much more of an explanation. I just didn’t want her anymore, it was as simple as that.
“There's someone else, isn't there?” she shot back angrily, her voice dripping with venom. “That bitch who keeps approaching you whenever we're together!”
	Just hearing Lola disrespect Sarina made my blood run cold. The fucking audacity of her to call Sarina a bitch, especially after everything Sarina had been through, was enough to push me over the fucking brink, and make my blood boil to the point it almost dried up. I shoved Ijaz out of the way, trapping Lola in my arms. She bit her lip, looking scared of me.
“Don't ever call her a bitch again,” I warned her, my voice dropping to barely below a whisper.
“Okay, chill out dude, what the fuck,” she spat back angrily, shoving me off of her. “I'm leaving.”
	She turned on her heel, making her way to the entrance huffily, her heels slamming down so hard on the floor that it looked and sounded like they were about to break off.
	Ijaz continued to stand there with a blank expression on his face. He was so out of it, because he was so fucking hammered.
“Feel free to hit me up, I'll show you a good time!” Ijaz called out after her.
“Fuck you!” she shouted back, and Ijaz sighed, because he wasn’t even able to have my fucking leftovers. I couldn’t help but to roar with laughter.
	“I’m fucking pissed off, bro,” Ijaz sighed. “This night couldn’t get any worse.”
	I chuckled, rolling my eyes. “Let's fucking bounce, bro.”

CHAPTER 35
A CHANGE IN FATE

§    SARINA    §

I stood in the middle of my bedroom, feeling sexually frustrated as fuck. 
	“Fuck you, Louis!” I screamed. “Fuck you for getting me all hot and bothered!”
	I kicked my stool, hard, trying my best to try and get all of the anger out of my system.
“I swear, I'm going crazy!” I said exhaustedly, and then rolled my eyes, folding my arms angrily.
	Louis was always leading me on… Always making me feel like we had something going…
Just to cut me off before anything happened!
	I sighed heavily, feeling agitated. I needed to go for a walk to blow off some steam and take my mind off this shit-show of a situation that was my life.

***

LATER THAT NIGHT…

I’d walked down about fifteen different streets, just pacing around and trying to clear my head and get myself straight. I turned into another bend, and then found myself shivering, because I felt so fucking cold, and I realized that I should have brought my jacket. Only I was stupid enough to wear shorts in this weather.
	I rolled my eyes, getting agitated. I felt a little bit better than I did before, so I decided that I should start making my way home.
	I walked down another few streets, turning back on my heel so that I would go home the right way. I clasped my arms to my chest in an attempt to stop myself shivering, and warm myself up a little.
	I’d walked down at least ten more streets now, and I was nearly home. It was just a matter of time till I would go back to my apartment and then have a hot chocolate in my warm bed.
	I turned into another street… 
	And then stopped dead in my tracks.
	A man wearing a skull mask and all-black clothing was standing in the middle of the street, with a gun pointed at me. 
	I could feel my heart almost leap out of my chest as I let out a blood-curdling scream. Was this a fucking nightmare? This couldn’t be happening…
	It felt like a million memories were rushing through my head at once, as I felt my life flash before my eyes. I clutched my chest in fear, my chest heaving upwards and downwards, not knowing what to do and why this man wanted to shoot me.
	Everything happened so fast. He pulled the trigger and I watched the bullet fly out of the gun. I felt a natural instinct inside of me that begged me to move and not freeze. I collapsed to the floor, and the bullet flew straight past me without hitting me.
“Fuck, I missed!” the man screamed, and turned on his heel, bolting out of the street. 
I flipped myself over as I did my best to regain my composure and make sense of everything that had just happened. I took several deep breaths in and out, unable to believe that I’d survived, and that I was still alive…
Deep breath in…
Deep breath out.
Deep breath in…
Deep breath out.
Deep breath in…
… And then I allowed the tears to fall.
I was in a state of shock. I rocked my head backwards and forwards in my lap as I sobbed.
Somebody had just tried to fucking shoot me… and I couldn’t even understand what the fuck was going on. I could have died…
	Shaking, I got up on my feet, willing my body to move, because I just wanted to go home, to the safety of my four apartment walls. My breathing became labored, as my heart continued to hammer against my chest, and my throat and eyes went dry from how much I’d cried and screamed.
	I searched around the street, to make sure that the man wasn’t here anymore… 
	And then I saw something that they’d left on the floor.
	A piece of white paper…
	I clutched my chest in fear, trying to make sense of why they would leave me a note. That this was a warning? That they would be coming back for me?
	A million thoughts rushed through my head at once. I needed to see what it said. I needed to put my mind at rest, because right now, I was terrified for my own survival.
I picked up the paper, holding it out in front of my face, after drying my tear-stained eyes.
It read "you'll be mine soon"…
	I felt myself let out another blood-curdling scream. By now, I was so terrified, that it felt like my heart was about to stop beating. It felt like I was about to have a panic attack, because the walls felt like they were closing in on me, and I was suffocating.
Nobody I knew could have sent this…
Nobody except-
Except…
	I screamed in horror, as I came to the realization.
Habib!
I felt myself clutching my chest as it heaved upwards and downwards. Tears continued to slide down my cheeks, pit-pattering onto the floor.
I thought Louis had taken care of him!
Oh no…
	The only thing I could think of doing right now…
	The only thing that came to mind,
	Was to run.
	I needed to get the hell out of here, before another man came and I risked compromising my own safety.
	Before I dug myself an even deeper grave.

***

I bolted through endless streets, not even realizing where I was running anymore. 
I just ran and ran and ran, as fast as my legs willed me to move. 
I lost track of my surroundings. 
Everything around me went blurry.
	I didn’t even stop to catch my breath. I was still shaken up from what had just happened. I could faintly make out the Bullring to be close by… I guessed I was coming nearer to the city center. 
	And then, suddenly…
	I stopped running,
	Because I’d completely lost track of where I was running to the point that I’d fell straight into someone.
	I fell down onto the ground with a hard and painful smack, and my eyes brimmed with tears. I felt so humiliated.
“Hey, watch where you're fucking going!” shouted the man I bumped into.
I tried my best to stand on my own two feet and get back up on my legs. I felt so fucking stupid.
“Fuck, I'm so sorry!” I sighed, my chest heaving upwards and downwards as I stopped to catch my breath; I’d been running for such a long time.
The man looked a little creepy. He stared at me, rubbing his chin in thought. He was wearing a red sweater paired with jeans, and looked about sixty years old. He had a bottle of beer held in his hand… So he was one of those kinds of men. The ones who lurked around the streets of Birmingham at night, drunk, and prowling.
“That's okay, sweet cheeks,” he said, smiling at me.
I’d caught my breath now, so I began looking around for familiar places or land-marks, so that I could make some sense of where the hell I was.
“Could you get out of my way now, please?” I asked uneasily. “I need to go home.”
He narrowed his eyes, continuing to stare at me. “I don't think so.” He flipped me around, trapping me against a wall, and I felt my heart almost stop beating. Disgusting, vile bastard… 
There was no way that I would allow him to stand here and think that he could take advantage of me…
I kicked him hard in his crotch, so hard that he leapt backwards, crying in pain. “Fuck!” he screamed.
I took this opportunity to try and run away, but he grabbed hold of me, flipping around and slamming me so hard into the wall that I could feel something snap. He slapped my face hard, so hard that I felt my face stinging. He took a knife out of his pocket, holding it against my neck, and by now, I couldn’t stop the tears from falling.
Lord, have mercy on me… 
Please, Lord…
“Not so fucking fast,” he said in a low, deadly voice. “Stupid bitch, who do you think you are?!” 
He pressed the knife against my neck, terrifying me with the thought that he was going to slice my neck, and leave me here to bleed out and die.
“Now you're not leaving here until you give me what I want,” he murmured. “Stay quiet, before I slice your neck right now you ugly whore.”
“Leave me alone, please!” I wept, as he began tugging at my clothes.
“Mmm, you look delicious, sweet cheeks,” he whispered. “Has your mother never told you not to dress provocatively at night?”
I felt numb. Completely and utterly numb. Everything was happening so fast… I couldn’t get away, and I felt so fucking helpless. I froze to the spot in fear, as I watched my life flash before my eyes. I couldn’t let this happen, I couldn’t…
	“Why are your clothes so hard to fucking remove?!” he roared, struggling.
“I believe she said no, you vile bastard!” came a booming, authoritative voice.
	I let out a blood-curdling scream, as a man punched the creep down to the floor, battering him and kicking him repeatedly, until he began bleeding and drifted into unconsciousness.
	I felt myself trembling, as I looked down to see who it was… Who the man was who’d saved me from being raped…
	And I looked down to see Louis’s face there.
	Louis…
	My knight-in-shining-armor.
	My saving grace.
	And now all I could do was sob uncontrollably. I couldn’t believe that he’d come at the exact right time. He’d stopped something happening that would have haunted me for the rest of my life…

§    LOUIS    §

I couldn’t save Ellie from being raped all those years ago…
	But I could save Sarina.
	I wanted to kill this filthy, vile bastard for even laying a finger on her. But I knew better… If I went to prison for murdering him, then I wouldn’t be able to continue protecting Sarina from any other harm that might come to her…
	I let out a deep breath, waves of sadness pulsing throughout my body as I watched the tears stream down Sarina’s face. It broke my heart watching her upset… watching her cry… 
And all I wanted to do was reassure her that everything was going to be alright. That as long as I was around, nobody would hurt her, and nothing bad would happen to her…
	I rose to my feet and took her into my arms, to allow her to feel safe and protected in my embrace. I stroked her hair and allowed her to sob into my chest. I was so angry and upset in this moment. A million emotions were hitting me at once. I cared so much about Sarina. I really, really did…
“Shhh baby, it's okay,” I whispered, rocking her against me. “I'm here now…”
“Louis, if you didn't come…” Sarina sobbed.
“But I did, baby. You're okay. I won't let anybody hurt you.”
“Take me home, please…” Sarina whispered.
I nodded, kissing her forehead, and drying her eyes with my thumbs. 
“Come on. My car is just parked a few blocks away,” I whispered. She nodded back, taking my hand into hers, as she followed my lead.

***

LATER ON…

I drove Sarina back to her apartment, where she would be safe and she wouldn’t have to worry about any harm coming to her. I could tell that she was still shaken up by the whole thing. I was so fucking glad that I got there in time before anything could happen to her.
“You're safe now, it's okay,” I whispered.
	She drew in a deep breath, and another deep breath out. “How did you know where to find me?” she asked timidly.
“I was walking out of the gym and then I saw you there,” I explained.
	Sarina drew in another deep breath. “Thank you…” she whispered.
“What were you thinking, walking out alone at night so late?” I asked, concerned. “You know there’s always creeps around at this time, especially in Birmingham.”

§    SARINA    §

“I just needed to clear my head of a few things,” I replied nervously, scratching my arm.
Thinking of what it would be like to fuck you, the whole reason I went outside in the first place, I thought to myself.
I folded my arms, sighing awkwardly.

§    LOUIS    §

“I hope you’re okay…” I mumbled, and she stared back at me with an uneasy expression on her face. 
I sighed in heavily. We both needed to make amends with each other, and talk it out like grown adults… We were behaving like children.
“Look, I'm sorry I was a dick to you,” I admitted. “I mean, us fighting isn't gonna get us anywhere, is it?”
“True,” Sarina giggled, lightening the mood a little. I let out a nervous chuckle.
“Are you sure you're okay?” I asked. I needed to make sure that she was alright, before I left her again tonight.
Sarina drew in a sharp breath. She looked like somebody had just walked over her grave.
“L - Louis…” she stammered. “Somebody tried to shoot me tonight…”
“WHAT?!” I shouted, unable to believe my ears. What the fuck…? Why would somebody try to shoot her…? “Do you know who it was?!” I demanded.
“I -” Sarina began uneasily. “I have a feeling it was one of Habib's men from Alum Rock.”
“That bastard!” I screamed, shaking my fists angrily. I thought I’d taught him a fucking lesson, but he still didn’t want to fucking listen to me! The motherfucker chose the wrong person to mess with!
	Sarina wrapped her arms around me, trying her best to calm me down. She used her fingertips to stroke my face, and try her best to reassure me, and I couldn’t help but to relax under her embrace. She was my weakness. I just couldn’t stay mad, with her here, helping me, being the sweet woman that she was…
“Babe, it's okay,” she whispered. “I ducked before the bullet could hit me…”
“But if you hadn't…” I tried.
“But I did,” she reassured me, pulling me closer. I let my anger slowly boil down as I hugged her back. I felt something while I was pressed up in her arms… A feeling that I couldn’t explain.
“That bastard,” I murmured. “He should have got the message the last time I fucking saw him.”
	Sarina withdrew herself from my arms, and then began to sob uncontrollably, unable to hold back her tears anymore. I could feel my heart twist into knots, just watching her cry. I felt so damn helpless.
“I'm really scared, Louis,” Sarina sobbed. “I'm scared that something will happen to me…”
“I won't let anything happen to you!” I whispered, bringing her head back to my chest, as I held her close to me and did my best to make her feel safe and protected in my arms. 
	“I -” Sarina mumbled.
	“Shhhh…” I murmured. I took a deep breath in, as my chest heaved upwards and downwards, my heart hammering against my chest into a frenzy. “I know I've said that I don't want commitment… Or casual sex with you.” I sighed. “Cos you're worth so much more than that…”
	Sarina began breathing heavily against my chest. I withdrew myself from her arms, folding my own arms, as I did my best to regain my composure whilst she scratched her arm awkwardly, her gaze burning into mine.
“But let's at least try and be friends,” I shrugged, scratching my neck sheepishly. “I want to look after you… I want to make sure you're okay. Nothing will happen to you as long as you stick with me, I promise you that.”
	Sarina didn’t seem to be getting the message. She took steps closer to me, closing the gap between us, before tracing the lines of my muscles with her fingers, which forced me to let out a sigh.
“I'm so lucky to have you in my life, baby…” she moaned, tracing circles on my bare skin.
“Sarina…”
“I don't want to be just friends with you, Louis…” she whispered.
“I've already said I'm no good for you, Sarina…” I found myself getting increasingly weak underneath her touch. All of the little self-control I had left, was reeling out of the window. “I don't want to hurt you…” I said timidly.
“I don't care if you're a player, baby…” Sarina whispered. “You make me feel things no other man can. You feel the same way about me, I know you do.” She tore my shirt off, leaving my bare chest exposed. “I need you…”
	My eyes smoldered with lust, hardly able to restrain myself anymore. “Fuck!” I breathed.
“Forget about everything, baby…” Sarina whimpered. “Just think about me.”
Her fingers continued to trace my abs, and she began leaving a trail of soft, wet kisses on my chest. 
This woman was going to be the fucking death of me!
“I can't restrain myself around you, baby…” I moaned, unable to control the sighs that escaped my mouth anymore.
“Then don't,” Sarina whispered, her eyes darkening with desire as she continued to explore my body with her hands.
Why was the Lord punishing me like this?
Jesus Christ.
	I didn’t even know what to fucking do anymore…

CHAPTER 36
TOXIC TEMPTATIONS

§    LOUIS    §

I slowly started kissing her neck and she threw her head back in pleasure. I ripped her crop top off from her body, leaving her breasts exposed. I trailed kisses down from her neck to the line of her cleavage, and then took her breasts into my hands, massaging and squeezing them whilst I played with her nipples with my thumbs. She arched her back, moaning uncontrollably as she slid her hand on top of my head, begging me to carry on.
“Don't stop, baby…” she whimpered. “Fuckkkkkkk…”
I allowed my tongue to move down from her cleavage to her areola, and then swirled my tongue around her nipple, teasing her before taking her breast into my mouth. Whilst I did this, I slowly snaked one of my hands behind her back, and slowly trailed my fingers down from the arch of her back to her ass, grabbing a handful of it.
“Fuck!” she moaned. I allowed my mouth to trail down to her other breast, taking it into my mouth, before making my way back up to her neck, ready to leave marks and suck on her sensitive spot. I slid my hand down her shorts, and allowed my fingers to trace the hem of her thong, before bringing my mouth back up to hers, kissing her desperately whilst I played with her clit and she started to scream.
	I was about to plunge my fingers inside of her, but then…
	Her phone started ringing.
	I sighed heavily, suddenly pissed off as fuck that something had to interrupt us. This was what we both wanted… What we’d both been playing with each other so hard-to-get for, the one thing that we’d been waiting to do for so long…
And by the looks of Sarina, she was just as pissed off as I was. I suddenly didn’t even feel in the mood to continue, because that phone call had spun me back to reality. We were both trapped in our own little bubble, and I’d told myself over and over again that I couldn’t do anything with Sarina, yet she was standing here half-naked, ready for me to take her and rock her world. What the fuck was I playing at?
	There was an awkward silence between us both, as her phone continued to ring. 
I coughed, trying my best to cut the tension, and say something…
“Talk about bad timing…” I said, rubbing my neck sheepishly.
“Yeah…” Sarina said uneasily.
“Do you need to get that?” I asked her, shrugging.

§    SARINA    §

I brung my phone out of my pocket, checking if I really did need to take it. This was what I’d been waiting for with Louis… But obviously something had to ruin it, given the shit luck I had in my life so far.
	I stared at the Caller ID as I brought my phone out in front of my face… and my blood almost ran cold as I saw who it was.
	Fuck… I thought to myself. Not him…
	I furrowed my eyebrows together, suddenly feeling sick to my stomach, and bile rise to my throat. I felt like utter shit. 
This couldn’t be fucking happening.
“Well?” Louis asked, spinning me back to reality.
I took a few deep breaths in and out, my chest heaving upwards and downwards. I did need to pick it up… And I knew what this meant. That Louis would bring up his stone-cold exterior again, and be moody with me again just as we were about to get somewhere.
“Y – Yes I do,” I mumbled.
“Do you want me to stay?” he offered, scratching his arm.
I sighed heavily, because as much as I wanted him to stay, I couldn’t allow him… This was a private phone call. One that I needed to take on my own, and he would never understand…
“No, please leave…” I mumbled, my heart twisting into knots as I said these words. “I'd like some privacy.”
Louis folded his arms, staring at me with a blank expression on his face. I knew that I’d hurt him, and I fucking hated myself for that. I couldn’t even blame him for acting coldly towards me.
I didn’t know why I was half expecting him to argue with me, or put up a debate, but he didn’t even complain or show any anger. All he did, was say…
“Okay.” He shrugged, trying to act as if my words hadn’t affected him. I knew that this was going to happen. 
That he’d put his walls back up.
“This was a bad idea anyway,” Louis said flatly, swallowing a lump that had caught in his throat. He grabbed his shirt from the floor and shoved it on top of his head angrily, and I felt a tear slide down my cheek as I watched him. I felt like utter and complete shit.
	He turned around and made his way to the door. And when he got to the door…
	He said some words that made me feel like somebody was stabbing my body with a million knives at once, and twisting them inside of me.
“Good thing we stopped before anything actually happened,” he said coldly, and then left my apartment, slamming the door hard behind him.
I took several deep breaths in and out. As much as I wanted to break down and cry, and wallow in self-pity…
I’d allowed the phone call to blare for about ten minutes now without picking up, and the man always got angry if I didn’t pick his phone calls up immediately.
I sighed, shakily pressing the Green ‘Receive’ button on the phone call, and then held the phone up to my ear whilst I trembled.
“What is it, you bastard?” I shouted. I wasn’t in the mood to behave like a lost puppy today. I was pissed off… And this thing with Louis was enough to push me over the brink.
“Now now mami, you ought to talk to me with some respect…” came the voice of the disgusting bastard on the other end. “You know the power I have.”
	I felt myself trembling again, because I was well aware of the power that he had. I had to apologise and make amends, before I dug myself an even deeper grave than the one I was already in.
“S – sorry…” I stammered, sighing as a single tear slid down my cheek.
“That's better, Sarina…” he replied, his voice sending waves of fear shooting through my body. “Now…”

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

§    ABID    §

“Open on 40!” came the booming voice of the prison intercom. A guard called Albin Smaili came into my cell, handcuffing me before shoving me out of the cell and into the corridor.
“Move it, convict!” he growled angrily, shoving me again. “Get walking!”
“What the fuck is going on?!” I shouted.
“You've got a visitor,” he shot back. “Get moving, or are you disobeying orders now?!”
I sighed heavily. Who the fuck could possibly want to visit me now? I couldn’t think of anybody who would be… I just wanted to sit in my prison bed and cry for the rest of my fucking life.
This guard had had it in for me ever since I came here, and I couldn’t figure out why the fuck he hated me so much. He shoved me about more than any other guard did, and always treated me like a piece of shit, because he knew that if I fought back, I’d just get into shit tons more of trouble.
He pushed me into the Visitation Room, and I darted my eyes from the floor to my surroundings, to see who it was that wanted to see me.
And then I saw her.
Aliyah.
Fucking Aliyah.
“Oh, hell fucking no!” I shouted. She folded her arms awkwardly, staring at me with a sad expression on her face, as if she’d done nothing fucking wrong. “Albin, take me back to my cell!” I screamed. “I don't want to see this bitch!”
“Abid, please…” Aliyah cried. “I need to talk to you!”
I couldn't even fucking look at her after what she did… And she had the fucking audacity to show up here?! 
Who did she think she fucking was?! If she thought that I was going to fall for her sweet talk again, she had another thing fucking coming…
It was her fault that I was in jail for life. All hers!
I felt a tear slide down my cheek as I recounted the way she betrayed me and shopped me to the feds. At the same time that I believed we would go away and start a new life together. I could hardly look at her… 
But it didn't look like she was leaving in a hurry… So I knew that I might as well fucking get this over with. As much as I fucking despised the sight of her right now… The sooner I spoke to her, the sooner I could go back to my cell, and kick and scream as much as I fucking wanted.
I took several deep breaths in and out, as I tried my best to regain my composure, my chest heaving upwards and downwards.
“Guard, could you give us some privacy?” I said to Albin. 
“Leaving a convict alone with a woman?!” he shot back angrily. “I don't think so.”
“It's fine Guard, I'd like to speak to him alone please,” Aliyah said timidly. “This won't take long.”
Albin stared back at her with a blank expression on his face. “Fine,” he shrugged, folding his arms, his face raging with anger. “Any longer than five minutes and I'm coming back in.” He rubbed his chin thoughtfully, before balling his hand into a fist. “And the handcuffs are staying on.”
	He left the room angrily, slamming the door behind him. I turned around to face Aliyah, hardly able to look into the eyes that I once and still loved so dearly.
“What do you fucking want, Aliyah?” I shouted angrily. “I can't even fucking look at you right now!”
I couldn’t even vent my anger anymore because of these damn handcuffs. I was treated like a rabid animal in here, a savage… And it was Aliyah who threw me to the wolves.
“Look Abid, I love you, and I wouldn't do this to you…” Aliyah murmured, tears beginning to slide down her cheeks. “You know I wouldn't!”
“I don't know anything anymore,” I shot back angrily, my veins pulsing to the surface of my skin.
“Look, I didn't come here to argue…” Aliyah said timidly. “And there's no convincing you in this state of mind.” She wiped her tears, suddenly angry. The fucking nerve of her. “So please shut up Abid, and listen to what I have to say. I didn't come all this way to be barked at.”
“Go on, spit it out then,” I retorted. I found it funny how she thought that I was barking at her. Even the woman that I loved thought I was a fucking monster.
“I'm getting you out of here,” she said simply, folding her arms.
I rolled my eyes. What the fuck was she going to come out with next, telling me that Narnia was real?
“That's not possible,” I spat back.
“You're right, with the charges you're facing…” Aliyah shrugged. “It isn't.” She shook her head. “But you're just going to have to trust me on this one.”
I narrowed my eyes, not knowing what to think of all of this.
“In exactly a week, a guard is going to come to your cell with a message for you,” Aliyah explained. “I can't say much about it right now but you're just gonna have to follow the procedure just how I tell you to.” She drew in a deep breath, the anger that had flashed over her face replaced with sadness again. “I love you Abid, and I can't let you rot in here. And I'm doing this to prove my love to you…”
“Aliyah, I…”
I broke off my sentence, unable to even string two words together anymore. I felt numb. So fucking numb.
“Just do as I say Abid, for once in your fucking life…” Aliyah whispered. “If you ever wanna stand a chance of seeing the real world again.”
“Visitation time is over,” Albin barked, cutting Aliyah off her sentence, as he marched back into the room. “I trust that he didn't give you any hassle, Miss?”
“Nope,” Aliyah shrugged.
“I'll show you the way out,” said Albin, and Aliyah nodded, following him out of the room. 
	As soon as the door closed, she shot me back one last longing look through the glass of the door, her fingers trailing the window as tears streamed down her cheeks. And it was at this point, that my heart broke into millions of tiny pieces.
	Get me out of here? 
	Part of me wanted to believe that she was bullshitting me. That she was setting me up for something again… 
But she had nothing to gain now. I already had six consecutive fucking life sentences to my name.
I prayed to the Lord that she wasn’t thinking of doing what I thought she was thinking of doing…
	The shit you only see on TV shows and cop dramas.
	A fucking prison break…
	Or else, me and her were both dead people walking.

CHAPTER 37
BAD BEHAVIOUR

§    ABID    §

I stood in the middle of my jail cell, a million emotions hitting my body at once like knives. I felt sad, confused, upset, angry…
	I folded my arms uneasily, narrowing my eyes as I recounted the incident that happened in visitation. When Aliyah came to see me.
My mind couldn't fucking process what Aliyah had told me… If she was the one that threw me in here, why was she the same person that was trying to get me out?
I didn't understand… I was in a state of shock, and I didn’t know what to think of it all.
Unless…
She wasn’t the one that called the cops on me.
	I sighed, rolling my eyes at myself, because even after everything she’d done, I still loved her, and I was still allowing her to play with my head like a fucking puppet. 
“Don't be fucking stupid, Abid,” I muttered to myself. “Don't let the bitch fool you again…”
If she didn't tell them, then how could those bastards have known exactly where to find us?!
	I found myself rubbing my chin in thought, as I tried to piece together in my head a re-count of the day where Aliyah and I were both going to run away together.
“Unless…” I murmured. “She did tell me that she was going to leave the Secret Service…”
I took several deep breaths in and out, my chest heaving upwards and downwards.
Because I’d suddenly thought of a possibility…
A possibility that Aliyah hadn’t screwed me over like I thought she had, as much as I wanted to believe that she had.
And it was screwing with my mind to the point of no return.
Maybe they traced her phone!
I knew damn well that the Secret Service wasn't a holiday camp where you could just pick up and leave whenever you wanted to…
So they were probably suspicious about her wanting to leave.
Millions of thoughts rushed through my head at once. It felt like I was having a fucking panic attack, like the walls were closing in on me, and I was suffocating…
“Fuck!” I found myself screaming.
I drew in another deep breath, as I tried my best to get myself together. 
I still had my trust issues with Aliyah… 
But if she was telling the truth about everything…
Then I guess it made a lot more sense than it did before.
	I was so quick to assume the worst of her… But the truth was, that she couldn’t blame me for that. She wasn’t the one who was facing multiple life sentences… I was.
	But I hated myself for not believing her more. For not believing in us. From the spur of the moment, and the things her colleagues said, all I could do was believe that it was Aliyah who set me up all along…
	But now, I had more and more reason to believe that she wasn’t playing me. She could have left me in here to rot, and moved on with another man, but she was still here, coming to see me, fighting for us, and telling me there was a hope of me getting out of here…
I just didn't understand how she was going to get me out of here…
I found myself folding my arms awkwardly, as my body pulsed with waves of nerves and tension, as I put together the possibilities of what was going to happen to me in the coming few weeks.
But then…
There was the loud ringing of the Prison Intercom, that snapped me out of my thoughts, and spun me back to reality.
“Open on 40!” buzzed the intercom.
I found myself rubbing my chin in thought. They wanted an opening on my cell? Why? 
Oh yeah. It was time for lunch. My mind was just so clouded with the thought of Aliyah, that I was beginning to lose track of time. I needed to stop getting scared and nervous whenever there was a fucking opening on my cell. I always assumed that I was in trouble or some shit. Let’s just say that I wasn’t popular with the guards in here, me being arrested for my Mafia involvement, and everything.
I sighed heavily, as I waited for a guard to come inside my cell, handcuff me and escort me out. And as the guard walked in, I could feel myself sighing heavily, because it was Albin Smaili again, the guard who always gave me shit tons of grief for no fucking reason, and the fucked up thing was, I couldn’t even retaliate or defend myself, or else I’d get put in the Shu, solitary confinement.
“Time for lunch,” Albin barked, folding his arms angrily.
“I'm not hungry,” I retorted, folding my arms back. The truth was, I wasn’t hungry… With everything that Aliyah had told me, food was the last thing on my fucking mind.
“Are you rebelling orders, convict?!” Albin roared.
“I'm not hungry,” I repeated flatly, shrugging. I just wanted him to get out of here and leave me alone to gather my thoughts in peace.
“You may be Mr Mafia out there…” Albin snapped angrily, “But in here, you're just a nobody…” A small smirk formed on his lips. “Just like the rest of the convicts. A fucking criminal, facing time.”
I screwed my face, furrowing my eyebrows, finding it harder and harder to keep my anger trapped inside. Fucking prick. He loved getting on my last nerve and pulling on my strings.
“Now I suggest you make it down to the dinner hall…” Albin went on. “Or you're getting put in the Shu for a month!” He rubbed his chin in thought. “Maybe I'll give you a new cellmate who likes your masculine features…” he smirked, “And wants a little fun with you.”
	His eyes began shifting from side-to-side. This was enough to push me over the fucking brink. He thought that I was just going to stand here and listen to this bullshit without giving him a piece of my fucking mind?! He thought that I was going to allow him to put me in a jail cell with a fucking predator who would try to touch me up?!
“What's your fucking deal, man?!” I roared.
He folded his arms, screwing his face, because he was taken aback that I had the audacity to speak back to him. He didn’t need to give me this shit. This was what he’d been waiting for. Me to retaliate. He was deliberately pushing my fucking buttons.
“You've had it in for me ever since I fucking came here!” I screamed. “Pathetic prick!”
“Oh, I don't know…” he smirked, rubbing his chin in thought. “Maybe I see something of yours that I like.” 
I screwed my face, not knowing what he could possibly be talking about.
“That beautiful girl that came to visit you yesterday,” he said coyly.
“She's off limits, bastard!” I spat back angrily.
He burst out into a fit of laughter, and I balled my hand into a fist. It was taking all the willpower I had within me not to charge at him right now and knock his teeth clean out.
“Is she really?” he murmured. “I mean…” He drifted off his sentence, letting out another low chuckle. “You're serving six consecutive life sentences. Do you think that you're allowance of one conjugal every three months is gonna be enough to satisfy her needs?” He smirked. “She's a young lady… She has her whole life ahead of her. Sure, she might keep on seeing you for one month…” He shrugged. “Or two months. But eventually she'll get tired of having to visit you like this…” 
He roared with laughter. 
“And she'll move on,” he said coyly. “And when she does decide that she wants to explore her options…” He scratched his neck. “Maybe I'll step in.”
At this point, I couldn’t help but to scream with rage. To scream until my throat went dry. He made me so angry. So fucking angry… 
“I mean, who is she going to choose?” he smiled, with his hands on hips. “A convict like you, guilty of murder…” He stroked the badge on his police uniform. “Or a man that protects the streets by throwing men like you behind bars? Who knows…” He smirked. “Maybe I'll give her my number the next time she comes to see you up here.” He paused. “If she sees you up here.”
	“SHUT UP!” I bellowed, and he continued to roar with laughter. “SHUT THE FUCK UP RIGHT NOW!”
“You're telling me to shut up?” he retorted, as if he was taken aback by my audacity, even after everything that he’d just fucking said. “Don't forget that I'm the man in authority here.”
I shook my fists angrily. By now, I was so angry, that my blood was boiling to the point it almost dried up, and steam was roaring out of my ears.
“All I have to do is contact the Chief…” he said coyly, “And he'll see to it that you don't even get visitation.” He chuckled, putting his hands on his hips. “What will poor Mr Mafia do then? Without his beautiful, irresistible woman…”
Keep your cool Abid… I screamed to my mind almost desperately. Don't lose it…
“My my, what it would be like to kiss her big lips…” he moaned. “See her fat ass in the air when I'm hitting it from behind…”
That was enough. I couldn’t listen to anymore. He thought that he could disrespect my woman in this way, and that I would just let him? I couldn’t bear the thought of Aliyah even being with another man that wasn’t me, let alone being touched by a man that wasn’t me. I didn’t care about the consequences of my actions anymore. This bastard needed teaching a fucking lesson.
I kicked him hard in the crotch, to the point he fell over and began clutching his balls in pain. I put my full weight on to him, punching his face repeatedly, until I could hear his bones snap and three of his teeth knock out. 
“YOU FUCKING BASTARD!” I screamed. “I’LL KILL YOU! I’LL MAKE YOU WISH YOU WERE NEVER BORN!”
I continued to beat him, until he was suffocating underneath my grip. His face was bleeding, with his raw skin on the surface, and his eye was already black and blue. It wasn’t enough. He was still fucking breathing…
I wanted to finish him right now.
“BREAK IT UP, CONVICT!” a cop screamed, running into the cell, pushing me off Albin. He punched me hard at the back of my head, to the point I fell down and I was drifting in and out of unconsciousness.
“You're going straight to the fucking Shu!” he screamed.
And then everything went black.

***

The next thing I knew, I was being dragged into Solitary confinement, my knees cuffed and my hands cuffed, like I was a rabid animal. A fucking savage. 
Like I was a monster.
	The cop shoved me hard into the black room, so that I fell straight onto the ground with a hard and painful smack, and then began stamping on my balls, to the point I was crying and screaming out in pain. 
“Good for nothing bastard!” he bellowed, and kicked me on the back, leaving me in agony and unable to defend myself.
	I pressed my face against the cold floor, and now…
	I couldn’t stop the tears from falling.
	I couldn’t keep living like this. I couldn’t live the rest of my life behind these four walls. I couldn’t keep going with this endless spiral of punishment and police brutality…
“I still love you, Aliyah…” I whispered to myself, as tears continued to fall down my cheeks. 
I was tired of pretending that I was strong. The truth was that I was weak, and I didn’t know how much more tragedy my heart could bear…
“Please pull through for me…” I murmured. “Please get me out of here…” I coughed out some blood that had frothed in my mouth from getting beaten earlier. “I don't know how long I'll be able to last if I keep going like this. I'll kill myself in here. I need to get out…”
	I found myself staring at the ceiling, my heart twisting into knots as I begged for Aliyah to come back for me.

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

§    SARINA    §

I found myself pacing the street outside the building where I’d just had a meeting with the motherfucker who threatened me on the phone. I felt so fucking helpless.
Why did life find new ways to fuck me over day by day…?
I rolled my eyes, taking several deep breaths in and out, my chest heaving upwards and downwards. It was late, and I needed to make my way home now. 
It seemed like home was the only place that I felt safe in these days…
	I rolled my eyes, walking out of the street, trying to figure out where I was and where home was. The next street was a fucking dead end. An empty alleyway.
	I sighed, shivering. I missed Louis. I somehow always found a way to fuck things up one way or another.
	I rolled my eyes again, as I continued to look around. I couldn’t see any familiar landmarks, or figure out where I was, and the last thing I wanted was a re-enactment of the shitstorm that happened the last time I went out alone at night.
“It's cold, I better get an Uber…” I murmured to myself, because I really couldn’t be arsed to walk home today, and make myself even more lost than I already was.
I pulled out my phone from my pocket, holding it out in front of my face, as I opened the Uber app, and proceeded to order a cab from the coordinates of the location that Google Services had picked me up at. Then I shoved my phone back in my pocket, rubbing my chin as I looked around and waited for an Uber to arrive.
On the other side of the alleyway, I saw an old man, about fifty years old, who was smoking a cigarette and staring at me with a perverted look on his face.
	I rolled my eyes, suddenly feeling uncomfortable and uneasy. 
Not another creep… 
All I could do was pray to God that he wouldn’t come over and approach me, or try to talk to me, and that my cab would get here in time…
“What have I said about going out alone at night, sugar?” came a voice, and my heart almost leapt out of my chest.
There was only one person who ever called me sugar, and I felt heat begin roaring to my ears as I turned around and his face came into full focus.
Louis.

CHAPTER 38
OVERWHELMING EMOTIONS

§    LOUIS    §

I was walking through the neighborhood, and I was surprised when I saw Sarina here, standing in a random alleyway, shivering. I saw another man eyeing her down on the other side of the alleyway, so I couldn’t help but to approach her, even though we were both on bad terms right now. 
	“What have I said about going out alone at night, sugar?” I said to her, and she jolted upwards, flushing a bright pink. Even when we were on bad terms, she couldn’t help but to feel undone whenever she heard my voice…
	She turned around to face me, and there was so much sexual tension in the air that you could cut it with a knife. Was she re-counting the way I almost fucked her in her bedroom, just like I was re-counting it in my head right now? I didn’t know.
	But her eyes that had darkened with desire as soon as she heard my voice… were now replaced with something different.
	With anger.
“I had it covered,” she shot back at me. “Nothing even happened. Now if you'll excuse me, I have an Uber to catch.”
Her facial expression was bitter. She folded her arms angrily, unable to even look me in the eyes anymore. And it felt like somebody had thrown a dagger in my heart and twisted it. I could hardly bear us both being on these terms. She was special, and she meant a lot to me… And I didn’t know why I kept fucking this up, whatever this was, with my own insecurities. She wasn’t going to chase me forever…
I grabbed hold of her waist, spinning her around to face me, so that she burned underneath my gaze.
“Wait!” I pleaded.
	Sarina drew in a deep breath, like it was taking her all the self-control that she had in her to not reciprocate my feelings. She was still angry, and in all honesty…
	She had every right to be.
“Wait for what, Louis?” she mumbled angrily, folding her arms. “For you to string me along like you always do? To make me feel like we have something and then fucking cut me off?”
	I let out a sigh that I didn’t know I was holding. I deserved this. I deserved every bitter word…
“I'm done playing games, Louis,” she sighed. “You might have time to fool around with girls…” She drifted off her sentence. “But I can't take it,” she said timidly, biting her lip to stop herself from crying. “I'm tired of going round in circles.”
“Sarina, I'm sorry…” 
I could feel a lump in my throat. I didn’t know what to say, or what to do…
It felt like this situation was beyond rectifying. We’d both been playing with each other’s emotions for far too long, and now we were both exhausted, because we were still no closer to being a couple…
“If you were sorry, you wouldn't behave like the way you do,” Sarina said timidly. “You're so fucking immature!”
	I put my hands back around her waist, forcing her to look up at me. I wanted this… I wanted to make this work…
“Let me make it up to you,” I whispered, gently stroking the sides of her face with my thumb. She let out a sharp intake of breath, her breath hitching in her throat as she trembled underneath my touch.
“Sarina, look at me,” I murmured, as her eyes glistened with tears. “Please.”
She bit her lip, scratching her arm awkwardly.
“Let me take you out for a meal tonight…” I began. “Get to know each other properly and see where things go…”
“I can't,” Sarina mumbled, a tear falling down her cheek. “I can't…”
“Please Sarina…” I pleaded. “Don't give up on me.”
“I'm going back to Nottingham for a week to see my friends,” she shrugged.
	 I let out a deep breath, as I swallowed down the lump that had caught in my throat. This couldn’t be the end for us…
	It couldn’t…
“But you are coming back, right?” I whispered.
“Unfortunately,” she shrugged.
I let out a small sigh of relief, before folding my arms awkwardly.
“But I don't wanna see you again if we’re just going to keep on playing around like this,” she admitted, and I felt my heart hammer against my chest, as I bit my lip to stop myself from crying.
I didn’t want to lose her. Especially not with the way she made me feel.
	She took her phone out of her pocket, and then shoved it back inside. “My Uber is arriving in 5 minutes,” she shrugged.
“Fuck!” I sighed.
She was leaving… Leaving on these bad terms…
“Promise me one thing Sarina…” I whispered. “Promise me.”
She bit her lip, as another tear fell down her cheek. “What?”
“That you'll text me every day,” I murmured. “Promise me…” I was begging now, and I wasn’t even ashamed of it. I wasn’t going to let her, to let this go… I wasn’t prepared to let it go without a fight. “I want to do this properly…” My voice trailed off, as heat began roaring to my ears.
“I'll see…” she mumbled, taking another deep breath in.
And then some blinding headlights began pulling up to the alleyway, with the sound of a honk honk!
Her Uber.
She turned on her heel, anxiously walking towards her Uber, and all I could do was watch her leave right before my eyes, and feel like a dagger had hit me in my chest.
“Goodbye, Louis,” she murmured, as she reached for the car door, and made her way inside the cab.
And before I knew it…
The car drove off,
And she was gone.
	I couldn’t help but to feel a numbness pulse through my body as I watched the cab drive away. All of the sadness that I had in me after that conversation…
	Was now replaced with anger.
I was such a fucking stupid bastard. I let her drive away when we were on these terms…
I had a fucking gem in front of me…
And I was fucking it up repeatedly, over and over again, with my own insecurities.
My involvement in the Mafia.
But I had to stop allowing my past to hold a chokehold on my future. I’d moved past the criminal things that I’d done as a teenager, and I couldn’t keep on beating myself up about it forever. I was just a vulnerable, stupid kid, fighting for survival…
But I was an adult now. I was wiser. I knew now not to repeat the same mistakes that I made in the past. And I deserved to be happy, after everything I’d been through…
We could have a good thing, me and Sarina… 
And I needed to stop fucking around with her head and her feelings. I wanted to get to know her properly…
Before she got tired of waiting around…
And I ended up losing her for good…

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

I found myself pacing around my bedroom for hours and hours. All I was doing was repeatedly checking my phone, to see if Sarina had left me a text message, a voice-note, a missed call, or anything…
	This was all I’d been doing ever since I watched her drive away in that Uber. Waiting for her to hit me up on my phone. Waiting for the ping of a notification, to signify that she’d messaged me…
Come on Sarina, text me… I whimpered. You're killing me.

***

As hours went by, and hours turned into a few days… I found myself kicking and screaming till I was blue in the face. Staring at the wall, crying about what could have been. Contemplating what would have happened between me and Sarina if we never played games with each other, and just admitted our feelings for each other…
	And it was pushing me over the fucking brink. My anxiety was eating me alive. I truly believed that I’d fucked it up, and now, she would never want to speak to me, or hear from me, ever again…
	And this was screwing with my mind to the point of no return. The fact that she was the one woman who I had romantic feelings for, who I pictured a future with, yet I kept on screwing it up, with the stupid shit that I did. With the way I pursued other women like Lola, even when I had a fucking diamond in front of me.
“Man, fuck this shit!” I screamed angrily.
And as if on cue…
I heard the ping of my phone…
And it felt like my heart almost stopped beating.
Like it had leapt out of my chest…
Because I found myself flicking open my phone, begging that the notification was from Sarina…
And it was.
And I didn’t know whether to be ecstatic and over the fucking moon, or cry because this was a dream. I’d truly believed that I’d fucked it up…
And she fucking texted me!
It felt so fucking surreal. I could hardly believe my eyes…
And I knew now that I would never take her for granted again.
That I would never play games with her again.
That I’d appreciate her this time…
And stop going round in fucking circles with her.
That I’d treat her like the fucking queen she was.
That I’d make a proper effort with her, and make her feel wanted and appreciated…
So that she never doubted herself again.
I opened the Notification, my heart hammering against my chest with the anticipation of reading what she’d said.
Hey Louis x she wrote. Thought I'd take you up on that offer of making it up to me…
	And at these words, I found myself punching the wall. I was so happy… so damn relieved.
	The Lord worked in mysterious ways.

***

A FEW DAYS LATER…

§    ABID    §

I lay down in Solitary Confinement, feeling like fucking death. All I’d been doing, for what felt like forever, was staring at four black walls, and now, my mental health was getting the better of me…
I was fucking starving. I felt like I was losing my sanity in here…
But I guess that was what solitary confinement did to you. I was losing track of days and nights in here. I couldn't tell if it had been a couple of hours, or if it had been days…
And it was driving me fucking nuts. I couldn't get any sleep on this rock hard floor… 
So I often found myself kicking and screaming, and punching the wall until the bones in my knuckles snapped and I bled in pain.
The measly morsels of food that they gave me wasn't anywhere near enough for my appetite…
Suddenly, a loud thud caused me to jump up in shock, and spin me out of my thoughts and back to reality. I stared at the wall in front of me, to see a guard slamming the door open, and storm in with a bitter expression on his face.
The first time I’d seen light in a long time, after being locked up in this dark box.
“Get the fuck up, convict!” the guard screamed.
“P - please officer…” I murmured shakily. “I need some food. It's been days… They've forgotten I was in here…” I broke off my sentence as I began to cough uncontrollably. I felt so weak at this point, that I could barely speak anymore.
“DIDN’T YOU HEAR ME?!” he roared. “GET THE FUCK UP!”
I willed my body to move, doing my best to reach down to the floor for support and get onto my two feet. I shakily stood up, taking deep breaths in and out, my chest heaving upwards and downwards, my breathing labored.
“When – When am I going back to my normal cell?” I mumbled. “I've learnt my lesson, I've been behaving…”
“That's not for you to decide,” the officer shot back angrily. “You beat up a fucking correctional officer, and for that, you will be punished!”
	He folded his arms angrily, his face stricken with thunder.
I drew out another deep breath, trying my best to stay strong. “Is there a reason you came to see me, officer?” I found myself asking.
“Yes,” he spat bitterly. “I came here to inform you that you’re being moved to a different penitentiary.”
I folded my arms uneasily, as a million thoughts rushed through my head at once.
This was Aliyah's plan…?
“Where am I being moved?” I asked uneasily.
“Across the country,” the officer shrugged, and I felt myself swallow down a lump that had caught in my throat, as waves of nerves pulsed through my body. “Your transportation van will be coming in a few days. You're staying in the Shu till then, and then someone will come to escort you when the truck arrives.” He broke off his sentence, screwing his face. “No funny business, Mr Mafia.”
“Understood, Sir,” I said timidly.
The officer rolled his eyes, and then turned on his heel, making his way out of the confinement room, slamming the door and locking it behind him, leaving me alone in the darkness again.
	But this time, I found my heart hammering against my chest, with the anticipation of what was going to happen on the transportation van. I didn’t care about being in Solitary anymore. All I could think about was the chance of being reunited with the only woman that I’d ever loved, and it was terrible of me to get my hopes up like this, because in this situation, anything could go wrong…
“What are you planning, Aliyah…?” I murmured to myself. “You're gonna get us killed if you're trying to do what I think you're trying to do…”
	I clutched my chest timidly, as my heart continued to hammer against my chest…
	And then the tears began falling from my eyes…
	Pit-pattering on to the floor in tiny little droplets.

CHAPTER 39
FUGITIVE

§    LOUIS    §

I didn't see Sarina for the rest of the week, but we texted for hours on end. We stayed up in the late hours of the night talking to each other about everything. Our hobbies, interests, family, future aspirations, music taste… everything. We'd have banter and tease each other. She really understood where I was coming from, and she really confided in me. She was perfect - too perfect. 
And I was starting to do something that I'd never done before…
I was starting to catch feelings.
This girl was different. I'd grown up around women who only wanted a quick lay in school, and at Steve's house. This girl had never had a boyfriend before. Habib was just someone she was going to be forced to marry… 
But she'd never even kissed a guy before.
It astounded me how someone like her, someone as beautiful as her, could have never done the same things that everybody else did.
	I drew in a deep breath, my chest heaving upwards and downwards.
It felt good…
Knowing that she’d picked me.
That she'd suddenly decided to approach me of all people, while I was at work. And we were getting on amazingly. It felt so good knowing that I would have her all to myself.
That was, if she felt the same way…
I'd been a fucking fool playing around with her all this time when all I really wanted was her. I needed to know if she liked me too…
I needed to know if she felt the vibe with me just like I was doing with her…
And now was the time to find out.
She was back from Nottingham…
And it was party night.
Time for me and her to go out properly, together.
No games this time.
Just real feelings.

§    ABID    §

It was finally the day for me to be moved to a different penitentiary. I stood in the middle of the Shu with my arms folded, my heart hammering against my chest, by breathing labored.
	The door to my room in Solitary opened…
	And Albin Smaili walked in.
“Time to go, convict,” he spat bitterly.
I shook my fists angrily. Even after how severely I’d beaten him, even after I warned him not to run his mouth with me, he was here, standing in all of his glory, proudly coming to escort me out, out of all of the guards that could have come to collect me…
“You look surprised, sweet cheeks,” he smirked, with his hands on his hips. “It's gonna take a lot more than a couple of punches to take me down.”
He took steps closer to me, and punched me three times in my ribs, to the point I was clutching my chest and staggering in pain. With these punches combined with the fact that I hadn’t eaten or drank, was enough to push me over the fucking edge.
But I knew better than to fight back this time… I didn’t want to do anything stupid that would ruin my chances of getting out of here…
And I was handcuffed, anyway.
“Call that payback!” he roared, and then rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “It's good to see that you're not lying down on the floor like a pathetic bastard and you're actually ready to go.”
He kicked me hard in the crotch, and I couldn’t help but let out a cry as the pain began shooting through my body, making me feel numb inside.
“Stand up straight so I can fucking cuff your feet,” he spat angrily.  “Stupid convict.”
	He rolled his eyes, tossing me around before putting some cuffs on my feet as if I were a fucking wild animal, as if cuffs on my hands weren’t enough…
“Get walking!” he roared, and then shoved me out of the Shu and onto the corridor, ready to take me to the transportation van.

***

I sat inside the transportation van. Albin was sat on the other side of me, along with another random guard from the prison that I’d never seen or met before. I had my face screwed as I stared out of the window, taking in the surroundings that I once took for granted… It wasn’t until I’d spent weeks in Solitary Confinement that I’d learnt how much I should really appreciate the blessing of seeing light and God’s nature.
“Aww, poor Mr Mafia, not such a big shot now, eh?” Albin smirked, and the two of them roared with laughter. 
“Life in prison is what a convict like this deserves,” the guard remarked.
Keep it together, Abid… I pleaded with myself. Aliyah, please pull through…
I knew better now than to fight them. I had to try my best to keep my cool, no matter how much they fucking pushed my buttons…
“What's up now, pussy?” Albin said quietly. “Cat got your tongue?”
	The guard continued to roar with laughter.
“Just think about all those lonely nights in your prison cell you're gonna have…” Albin said coyly. “Having to dream about your girl instead of getting to do the real thing. While she moves on without you…”
	I could stand any insults that they hurled at me. That, I could bear. That, I didn’t have a fucking problem with…
	But when they started talking about Aliyah…
	That was a different fucking story.
“Shut the fuck up,” I said quietly.
“Or what, motherfucker?” Albin snapped back, his voice dropping to barely below a whisper, his expression strung with venom.
“DO YOU REALLY WANT A REPEAT OF WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME?!” I roared, getting up on my two feet, despite my feet being cuffed.
“Sit the fuck down, convict,” the guard retorted, rolling his eyes…
And then he fell to the ground, as the van began to shake uncontrollably.
“What the fuck is going on?!” he shouted. 
Several gunshots were let out, as the doors of the truck flung open…
And Trex made his way inside.
He drew out his gun, shooting the driver, Albin and the officer until they all dropped dead and bled out. My heart hammered against my chest, my pulse raising through the roof. Everything felt like a fucking blur. This felt like a dream, and I could hardly believe what my eyes were witnessing, because everything was happening so fucking fast…
“Hurry up bro, we don't have much time!” Trex yelled, unlocking my handcuffs and throwing me out of the truck.
	We both broke into a sprint, as I followed Trex to his own car, doing my best to run as fast as I could, despite being in agony. I had to keep pushing forward. I had to keep fighting.
	It felt like a fucking dream. This was the last thing I was expecting. I was expecting to be in prison for the rest of my life, to be trapped in a box…
	But Aliyah came through for me, as well as Trex, my life-long fucking brother, despite the fact that I was going to leave him and everything I knew behind for the sake of a woman…
	Before I knew it, I was in the front seat of Trex’s black burner car, and he was driving at full speed on the road, whizzing through the traffic at 150 miles per hour before feds began chasing us after they realized that something went wrong. 
The surroundings blurred around me at this point, and all I could see, in this crazy fucked up situation…
Was me and Trex.
	Brothers till the fucking end.
“You came through for me, bro…” I murmured.
“Yeah, I did,” he said, as he continued to put his foot down on the accelerator. “I knew all about you wanting to run away with that chick…” He broke off his sentence, as his eyes flashed with anger. “And as much as I fucking hate that you were whipped over a fucking federal agent…” He sighed heavily, as he turned across another road, barely missing another car by just millimeters. “You're my brother man. Brothers always come through for each other.”
“Fuck…” I sighed exhaustedly, my heart hammering against my chest, as my chest continued to heave upwards and downwards with the adrenaline of everything that was going on. “I don't deserve you, bro.”
	And that was the truth. The bitter truth. I’d left Trex in the ditch one too many times for the sake of Aliyah, but he still continued to help me and come through for me, just like a real brother would…
“I'd never leave you behind, man,” he sighed, as he continued to steer the steering wheel.
	I swallowed down a lump that caught in my throat, as I slowly spun back to reality, and the full realization of what was happening hit me at seven-hundred different angles at once.
“You do realise that you just helped me fucking break out of prison, right?!” I shouted. “What the fuck happens now?” I broke off my sentence. “There's gonna be a fucking manhunt! Where will I go?!”
“That's all been taken care of man…” Trex murmured. “We're driving there now. It's gonna mean a brand new life, new identities…” He took a deep breath in. “And no more Mafia.”
I felt my heart twist into knots, because Trex was leaving the Mafia for my sake. And it was all he knew… The one thing that he was good at. The one thing that was in his blood. The one thing that he dedicated his life to… The one thing that was a part of him, and he wouldn’t be the same without it…
He was leaving it for my sake.
“But as long as we're both alive, that's all that matters, bro…” Trex sighed, his eyes flashing with water.
“I’m so sorry, bro…” I mumbled. “I can't fucking thank you enough…”
Trex didn’t say anything back. In this moment, nothing needed to be said. Our silence was enough. We would both ride together till the end, we would both make sacrifices for each other, no matter how big or small…
As long as we had each other, that was all that mattered.
Ride together.
Die together.

***

Trex arrived at a shipping port, and there were huge ships lying there, just waiting to be used. I rubbed my chin in thought.
“We're taking a ship?” I asked.
“Yep,” Trex shrugged. “We haven’t got any time to waste. Follow me on board.”
	He made his way to a ship, and spoke to a man who was standing outside of it, before folding a cheque of £30,000 pounds into his hand. 
	“Come on, it’s okay to go,” Trex signaled, and then made his way onto the ship, as I followed suite.
 	As we stepped on board and onto the cabin of the ship, my heart almost stopped beating as I saw Aliyah standing there with her arms folded, a sad and timid expression written all over her face. 
I felt waves of emotions pulse through my body as I stared at her. Her, the woman I loved… She came through for me, and I hated that I ever doubted her love for me. Tears began welling in my eyes. She was on the ship…
	Did that mean that she was coming with us?
	“Aliyah…” I whispered.
	Tears welled in her own eyes, and it felt like somebody was stabbing a million daggers through my heart at once. I could barely breathe. It felt like I was suffocating. If she was coming with us, then why did she look so heartbroken? 
“I trust that everything's ready and taken care of?” Trex asked her.
So her and Trex had been working together to get me out of jail.
“Yep,” Aliyah explained. “New identities, a clean slate, and you're gonna start a new life in Mexico.”
“Thank you,” Trex sighed, as Aliyah folded her arms awkwardly, an uneasy expression on her face. “I know we've had our differences in the past…” He took a deep breath in. “But you came through for us, and for that, I appreciate you.”
“It's okay,” Aliyah mumbled.
Trex darted his eyes back and forth, to look at me, and then at her, and then look at me, and then look at her…
“I'll let you two say your goodbyes,” he mumbled, and then made his way out of the cabin, on to the main ship deck, giving us some privacy.
Say our goodbyes?
Aliyah took steps towards me, and then burst into tears as she threw herself into my arms, and sobbed against my chest. I felt tears slide down my own cheeks… And I couldn’t control them. I felt so fucking hurt, so fucking miserable. She’d broken me out of prison, but if she wasn’t coming with me to Mexico, then I would rather be back in Solitary, dying and struggling for my life…
“Thank you Aliyah…” I whispered. “For everything…” I allowed my hand to tangle into her hair. “I'm sorry I doubted you. I love you, Aliyah…”
“You had every right to doubt me,” Aliyah said timidly. “The least I could do is put things right…”
	Both of our hearts were hammering against our chests. I felt so numb. She had to come with me…
	She had to…
“Run away with us, baby…” I whispered. “The feds will be all over you here. They'll try to hold you accountable…”
	Aliyah took several deep breaths in and out, her chest heaving upwards and downwards. “Baby, I can't,” she whispered. “If I stay here, I can fight my corner. But if I run away, I look guilty as hell…”
	She coughed up another sob, and it felt like somebody had punctured my heart with a dagger, and I couldn’t breathe anymore. 
	Aliyah was my world…
	My reason to breathe.
	My everything.
	My drug.
	My addiction.
	My life…
	How the fuck would I survive without her?
“How will I cope without you, Aliyah?” I wept. “You're my rock. My everything…” I broke off my sentence, rocking my head backwards and forwards. “You made me believe that love exists, even for a criminal like me.”
“I'll come for you…” Aliyah whispered. “When this situation dies down…”
	She hugged me close to her, cradling my head against her chest.
“I promise,” she murmured, kissing my forehead.
“I'm going to miss you so much, baby…” I took several deep breaths in and out, my heart continuing to break with every second that I spent in her embrace.
“It won't always be like this,” Aliyah whispered, and then tilted my chin up to meet her mouth. She pressed her soft lips against mine, tangling her fingers in my hair, as she kissed me as if her life depended on it.
This kiss wasn't like any kiss we'd had before.
There was no lust…
Just pure love and emotion.
It scared me how much I loved this woman…
And it was fucked up how things had to be like this.
More than anything…
The kiss felt like a goodbye…
And that broke my heart into millions of pieces.
She said that it won't always be like this…
But I knew it was the end.
There was no way that this would work anymore…
I was an escaped fugitive running away to Mexico…
She was young. She would have a bright future. She didn’t deserve a life on the run, with a bastard like me. Me and her would stand no chance together now.
I was a dead man fucking walking.
	Aliyah pulled away from me, breaking into fresh sobs. I dried my eyes with my thumbs, doing my best to get myself together… 
Even though I knew after this, I would never be the same man again. 
I would be a lost, empty soul.
	A ghost.
“You better get going,” Aliyah sniffed. “You don't wanna stick around too long…”
	I took a deep breath in…
	And a deep breath out.
	A deep breath in…
	… And a deep breath out.
“Goodbye, Aliyah,” I whispered, my heart feeling like it was about to rip open and tear into shreds.
I felt like a dead man walking.
And then I began walking away from her, making my way to Trex to join him on the deck…
Listening to her sob as I walked away from her.
And now, I was ready…
Ready to start a new life without the only woman that I’d ever loved.

***

TO BE CONTINUED…


WHAT WILL HAPPEN NEXT?
FIND OUT IN PART 2 OF MAFIA KINGPIN, OUT NOW!

FOR UPDATES FOLLOW THE AUTHOR ON INSTAGRAM @AGKBOOKS 

VISIT HER WEBSITE 
HTTPS://AGKBOOKS.WIXSITE.COM/AGKHALIQ

If you enjoyed this book, it would mean the world to me if you could leave me a rating or review on your favourite retailer to help more readers to discover my books! If you do leave a review, don’t hesitate to get in touch with me for a personal thank you.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
A. G. Khaliq is 21 years old, residing in the United Kingdom. By day, she is a university student studying Economics, and by night, she is a digital artist and writer, constantly bringing her imagination to life in the form of stories.

A. G. Khaliq began writing professionally when she published Blood and Betrayal at 18 years old. This book hit the top 100 twice after it was released. The Mafia Kingpin series is a massively revamped and expanded version of her original book.

In July 2019, she began writing for the Episode Interactive app. Since then, she has accumulated over 2.7 million reads on the app, her titles including Married to the Mafia, Dangerous Desires, Forbidden Fruit and more. Episode Interactive is an animated storytelling platform which brings the dialogue and narration to life with music and characters. The app is available to download on Android and iOS.

She began drawing digitally in December 2019.


