
All rights reserved
By TasteTheDream Publications
Copyright© 2011
No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the publisher. This may not be stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written permission of the publisher. This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, organizations, places, businesses, events are the creation of fictional work by the author. No part of this book or other books of sequence, or by Taste The Dream Publications may be used for duplication of any sort, unless for brief lines for newspapers & magazines.








Taste The Dream
www.nikidastaste.com

 Publications

 Presents.......













MAHOGANY'S 

POND

















By NIKIDA S. TASTE


 Love Yourself











							







FROM


BOSTON


 MASSACHUSETTS













CHAPTER 1
July 2011













	Floating in her luxurious, out-door pool with Daiquiri in hand decked with fruit and a long, pink, spiral straw, Mahogany began to sip as she drifted into thought about a possible new job at 

a well known, lucrative radio station in D.C.. Black Dolce & Gabana shades, a jet black, Halley Berry hair cut and the declining sun hovering over her partially-wet, beautiful, sleek body cast a metallic glow that made her feel like a queen of all queens. In total relaxation, she let her arm fall into the water while moving her fingers to feel the current glide through them. Seconds later, the cordless phone rang as it laid beside her. She let out a sigh realizing her comfort, peace and serenity were interrupted. “Hello.” She said. “Hi. May I speak with 

Mrs. Mahogany Johnson?”  “This is she.” She didn't recognize the professional voice so she slightly sat up to engage herself. “This is ZZWP radio Mrs. Faulkner assistant director. Going over your credentials in media and communications paired with your first interview, to say the least, we were impressed. We would like to schedule a second interview. We've narrowed it to three candidates. Is 10:30 tomorrow morning ok?” She instantly felt giddy inside amazed at how quickly she might be able to land the job. She had always 

wanted to be a radio personality since a kid and couldn't believe her dream may finally be coming true. She composed herself in order to hide eagerness in case there were stipulations that warrant negotiating.  “Yes. 10:30 is fine. Thank you.” She replied in the same professional tone while giving a subtle smile. “Wonderful. It'll consist of what we did before, only this time, we would like you to do, what we call, “test runs” on the air. Well, you won't actually be on the air, we'll just set it up as if you are.” Mahogany looked up into the sky 

silently mouthing the words “thank you” to God before responding. “Not a problem. I'll be there. Thanks again, Mrs. Faulkner.” “You're welcome. Bye now.” She waited to hear the line disconnect before she pushed the “off” button. Happiness filled her with cloud nine in view. Wanting to tell someone about the good news but feeling hunger, she used her hand to paddle herself back to the pool's edge. She climbed out stopping the bottoms of her two-piece Gucci bathing suit from ridding up, she made her way passed the patio 

furniture, through the sliding glass doors and into her gourmet kitchen. While dialing her mother, she opened her state of the art, stainless steel fridge searching for a house salad she'd made the day before. Her mother answered on the first ring initiating conversation since she used the caller id. “Hi sunshine, how's my baby?” Mahogany happily replied while grabbing a fork from a drawer then taking a seat at the table. “Guess what, Ma?” “What?”  “First, tell me how proud you are of your one and only daughter and how she can 

never do wrong in your eyes.” She shoved a bite into her mouth as she waited for her mother's response. “Ok. I'm soooo proud of my baby girl and of course she could never ever do wrong in me and her father's eyes. What's the news, girl? I'm not getting any younger ya know?” “Alright, ma. You know that interview I went on a couple of days ago at ZZWP? They want me to come in for another. I think I might have this in the bag, ma. Its down to me and either two or three people.” She took another bite of her salad waiting for her mother's 

approval as adrenaline ran through her veins like a tidal wave. She strived to make her parents proud trying to make up for the mistake she'd made choosing a man like her ex-husband. “No, baby. Really? Oh my goodness. I can't wait to tell your father. My baby's going to be on the radio! You are your mother's child, girl. Good job sweetheart!” With feet propped up on a  chair across from her's, Mahogany ate the last bites of her salad while smiling from ear to ear rising to her mother's spirit. “I know! But, don't tell daddy yet. I want to make sure I 

have the job before I do anymore bragging. Where is he?”  “Outside talking to the next-door neighbor. Alright, I won't say a word until we get the word. I know you're fine, but i'm going to ask anyway. Do you need anything?”  Her mother asked. “No. I'm fine, ma and thanks for not saying anything to daddy. I'm so excited. I don't know what to do with myself. I can't wait to hit the airwaves.” “I'm so happy for you baby and if...and i'm just saying if you don't get it, there's more fish where that came from. We are proud of 

you no matter what.” Mahogany took a deep sigh as she rose from her chair to scrape the remains of the salad in the garbage bin. “I know, ma, but I think this is it. I'll call you as soon as I know.” She said. “Alright. We love you and don't forget to call, girl.” She placed her bowl in the sink as she ended the conversation. “I won't. I love you guys too. Bye, ma.” Both hung up simultaneously. Placing the phone on the counter, she rinsed the bowl out and sat it in the dish rack to dry. She took a few moments to gaze around her home 

thinking about how hard she'd worked to get out of an emotionally abusive relationship to being back to happy again. Not wanting a man, but having children and taking care of them alone flashed her mind. She quickly dismissed the vision realizing she had to stay focused on her career path.


	“I don't know what Tariq was thinking. I can't stay up all hours of the night every night. I'm a model. Looks are everything in this business.” Shay 

bragged as she secured her Christian Dior shades on top of her head while searching through her Gucci bag for her designer lip stick. Leslie watched a handsome male waiter pass by with a tray of food. “I hear you girl. Working at the library everyday and keeping the kids in line is a job in itself. I don't have time for nonsense. That's why I live my life through you, so make sure you keep your life interesting ok?” All three women laughed with Mahogany interjecting. “That's cold Les, what about me? My life's interesting, minus a 

man and all of the crap that comes with them. You're looking at Miss ZZWP your sexy evening host Monday through Friday. Topics entirely at my discretion. Giving relationship knowledge to the masses one informative session at a time.” Leslie and Shay happily yelled out as they spoke in unison. “You got the job!” Their eyes were wide with mouths dropped waiting for Mahogany's response. “No, I didn't. I just say things to stay relevant. Of course, your girl got the job!” Mahogany replied exuding as much excitement as possible. Her eyes 

sparkled realizing her friends seemed genuinely happy for her. People sitting at adjacent tables in the distance began to look over at them. Leslie pinched off a piece of french bread, dipped it into the hot mustard and duck sauce and popped it into her mouth. She was the underdog and the less attractive of the two women always feeling the need to over-compensate. Leslie spoke while chewing. “Wow. I knew you were going to get it. They would've been crazy not to hire a beautiful and intelligent girl like you. See ladies, this is what's its all about. 

Making moves for ourselves. Not sitting back waiting for a man to do it for us. We're trend setters.” She said in a corny tone. While Leslie turned her head, Mahogany and Shay shot a look at each other as to say they love Leslie, but she's too naive sometimes. Speaking, Shay applied her lip gloss with precision as her eyes were fixed on her compact mirror. “Exactly. You already know ladies, we do the damn thing. Mahogany girl, i'm so proud of you. So when are you guys going to come visit me in New York. I told you I meet all the celebrities. 

It's fun, but its not the same when I don't have my real family to share in some of the lime light.” Mahogany smiled thinking to herself that it was just like Shay to quickly bring the attention back to herself. It didn't matter since she loved her like a sister. Mahogany thanked the waiter as she watched her plate situated in front of her. Leslie began piling her's with shrimp fried rice, chicken wings, teriyaki and an egg roll. The women started to eat while Shay nibbled like a bird checking her email and social media pages. Mahogany took 

a sip of her red wine jokingly answering Shay's question. “Hopefully soon, girl. Every time I think about the possibility of running into Idris Elba gives me shivers...mmh. I have to have my game on tight. So, of course, I have to lock this station down first. I'm either going to go hard or go home. Idris doesn't want a woman who lolly gags.” Shay and Leslie looked at each other and  laughed as to say dreams are so worth having.  


	One week later. Dressed in a  

stunning, off white Versace pantsuit, killer black Versace heels and hair done to perfection by the most expensive salon in D.C., Mahogany walked alongside one of the veteran staff members of ZZWP while passing offices as she was being shown the ins and outs. Engaged in conversations with folders in their arms, a diversity of people took seconds away to obtain a sneak peek at their new co-worker. She kept her comments to a minimum as she attentively listened while Tim filled her in, intermittently giving his very 

feminine, personal opinions. She noticed there was one black woman who didn't seem too keen that she'd come aboard. Ignoring her surroundings to get a hold of her nerves, she stayed focused on how sexy and beautiful she looked while letting her professionalism take precedent. “This entire floor is pretty much where it  happens. We have subsidiaries of the station with other departments on the floors I just showed you and that's it. Oh, the lunch room? Down the hall to your left. Anything that isn't labeled is community property. If 

you've seen one, you've seen them all. I would advise you to bring a lunch or follow the smell of a wonderful posh cafe you see everyone else here breaking their necks to get to. We're so glad to have you. I, for one, am glad they chose you. If I may say, the last one? A bit of a mess. You didn't get that from me, chow. Sometimes it's nice to know what you may have to clean up later due to someone else. Do your best to keep it clean, the last one, well let's just say it was her demise.” Taken back by the information she'd just received, 

Mahogany answered calm and cool. “Well, i'm honored to be here. I have a lot to offer. Thank you for showing me around.” Smiling, Tim responded while leading the way to her radio booth. He used his hands to gesture as they approached a door with a placard that read her name in gold cursive letters. “No problem. It was myyy pleasure. Here we are. This is where i'm sure you'll make all the magic happen. Do you need me to show you around inside?”  He asked in a chipper manner. “No, actually, Mrs. Faulkner and I 

covered it on my second interview. I'm just ready to get settled.” She said. Tim opened the office door and stood to the side to indicate he wasn't coming in. “Got'cha. The keys to your ship are in the top right hand drawer. Well, good luck, Mahogany. If you need anything, you know where to find us.” He added. While secretly dancing a jig in her mind, she answered while gazing around at her new desk, walls and radio equipment. “Thanks.” Without hesitation, Tim disappeared down the hall as she closed the door behind. Finally having a 

moment to herself, she walked toward her plush black leather, swivel chair and sat down. She felt the pressure escape from her feet as she kicked off her heels with many ideas flooding her brain on what direction she wanted to take her show. Her booth smelled pleasant with an abundance of office supplies at her disposal. A crystal vase of fresh daffodils, sun flowers, chrysanthemums and tulips caught her eye. She reached for the decorative card that was attached to them. 


To:  Mahogany L. Johnson 

From:  Your parents

	Knock their socks off! we love 	you! 

She shook her head and smiled realizing having her parent's blessing meant the world to her. She stuffed the card back into the flowers, picked up a pen, note pad and began writing down her ideas.



	“Get this...she wants me to go with her to some stuffy banquet full of stuck up white collars and suits I don't even know. You didn't even ask me to do that.” Use to their new found relationship and refusing to see he was still very attractive, Mahogany listened to her ex-husband Quinn spill his guts while picking up one of his dirty socks that laid beside his bed. She responded while squinting her nose as she held it in the air. “Yes, because I knew better and from the looks of this, some things never change.” Seeing the declination of his 

quality of living, feeling satisfaction was one of few emotions she harbored for him. It had been close to four years since they'd had sex and remembering what it was like disintegrated from her mind many moons ago. She continued speaking while putting the sock in a hamper he hardly used. “Just tell her you don't want to go. You never had a problem with telling me what you didn't want to do. Just find the real you and break it to her gently.” Quinn peeked his head out of the closet to give her a side look since he knew it was right on 

schedule for her to make reference to their old relationship. He pulled out his football uniform and cleats while sarcastically replying to her verbal jab. “Now I remember why I wanted to remain friends with you. You always made sure the past stayed in the past. I'm pretty sure that's the reason.” Mahogany tilted her head and gave a closed-mouth smile as to say he was welcome for her extending her wonderful friendship to someone who didn't deserve it. Suddenly she felt bad for making the comment. “I'm just 

kidding, Quinn. I'm sorry, it fell out.” A few minutes of silence went by when she felt it was her turn to put the spot light on herself. She figured if she was going to be his shoulder while he cried about other women, the least he ought to do was listen to her when she had things on her mind. She changed the subject still riding the wave of becoming a radio personality. “Listen. Make sure you tune in to my station as often as you can. I'm going to need you guys to help me kick it off by calling in until it floats on its own.” As usual, her words went in one of 

his ears and out the other. Quinn shot around his bedroom searching for items he needed for semi-football practice. He continued to drown her on the previous subject. “Women. You can't live with them and damn sure can't live without them. You know something? You're right. I'm me. I'm just going to tell her i'm not going. Plain and simple. Did you see where I put my red and white Nike Jacket?” He asked looking around. Clenching her Burberry bag in one hand, Mahogany put the other on her hip while sucking her teeth as she spoke. 

“Quinn, did you forget? We don't live together anymore. How would I know where you put your stuff? You need a house keeper, maid or something. Instead of her asking all the questions, you need to ask her to move in so she can help you keep this place up. My wifely duties to you were over as soon as the ink dried. Well, actually, before that.” He ignored her last statement while throwing his duffel bag over his shoulder and walking out into the hallway of the apartment. “Are you ready? Let's go.” She turned up her lips 

as she closed his bedroom door never pretending being ignored was ok. She answered. “I can't wait until my car's repaired. You know I wouldn't ask for a ride unless I really needed it. Made no sense to get a rental since they said everything will take two hours. Drop me off at  ZZWP.” “ZZWP? You work there now? No small potatoes, girl.” He said gazing at her. “Yes. Weren't you listening earlier? Never mind. Don't answer that. I promise myself I wouldn't ask questions I know the answers to.” She replied. Making their way through 

the studio apartment and out to a ten year old Nissan Maxima, they both settled for no further conversation as they hopped in focused on getting to their destinations. 
	Half hour later. Mahogany said good-bye to Quinn, closed the car door and began making her way into the building of her new job. While walking up the cement stairs, she looked at her diamond-beveled watch which read 4:35pm. Her sexy, eye-popping, mixed with class outfit, jewelry and unusual heels kept her confidence level in place 

as she passed caucasian staff who were ending their shifts. She smiled and nodded figuring it was best to stay on decent terms with people as long as she possibly could. Making a quick stop to the break room, she dashed over to the cabinet, grabbed a box of orange cinnamon tea, unwrapped one packet and dropped it into her cup. She placed it into the microwave and set the timer for five minutes. Facing it, she stood listening to it sound as her mind fell on  the ideas for her station. Seconds later, a young, black woman seemingly close to 

her age entered the room exuding much confidence letting it be known she had been a part of the team for a while. She moved with poise while heading toward the fridge with a company mug in hand. Both women smiled at each other making eye contact, however, Mahogany felt a chill in the air as she noticed the woman's style of dress was similar to hers. Even though the silence felt awkward, she patiently waited for her tea to reach its last seconds in the microwave figuring she wasn't going to kiss the woman's behind just because 

she was new. The bell sounded indicating her tea was ready and in that moment, the woman walked over to the sink to rinse out her mug as she began speaking with a snooty tone. “We have thousands of listeners tuning in. What's your show going to be about?” She asked snidely. Answering with sort of the same tone but making it clear she's professional before anything else, Mahogany slowly turned in the woman's direction sensing obvious hostility. “Relationships. The reality of it. I know a thing a two about it. Don't we all?” She 

said looking her directly in the eyes. “Not everyone which is why you agreed to do the show in the first place...” The woman said matter of factually. Mahogany watched the woman try to pull her name from an unknown place in her mind. She replied while adding sugar to her beverage realizing she had no more time to waste. “Mahogany Johnson.” The woman showed no interest in volunteering her own name as she spoke while taking a few steps toward the exit. “Well, Mahogany, we take our station very seriously around 

here. It's a responsibility we pride ourselves on. Have a good first show.” She said sarcastically. Despite the lack of genuineness, Mahogany responded with a strong sense of confidence as she slowly blew the top of her mug in attempt to cool her tea. “I plan on it.”
	Reaching her booth and dismissing the encounter from the break room, Mahogany placed her mug in front of her. She put on her head phones, adjusted her mic while watching her levels and commercial time. She glanced at her phone switchboard all in training 

herself to multitask while letting her calm, smooth, relaxing voice reach D.C. She was ready to unveil her skills and put the nay-sayers to rest. She hit the “on air” button. “Hello to all of my beautiful D.C. people out there. You've tuned in to Mahogany Johnson's ZZWP Lover of Life session. You are all welcome to call in to 555-605-ZZWP and pose any questions you have on relationships. I think its important to not sugar coat what goes on behind closed doors. Getting to the nit grit is the only way to gain true comprehension on 

why men and woman do what they do. Honesty is how we do it people. Mahogany will give you the kind of flavor you're looking for. I'm here to help, but first, which will be one of many, I have a question of my own. Why do men cheat on good women?” Suddenly within minutes, she saw her phone dashboard light up with three calls waiting. She hovered her finger over the button for her first call while continuing to speak graciously into the mic. “If it's important to you, its important to me. We have a few calls 

people. Keep them coming and lets go in on these subjects. Hello caller. Welcome. Thank you for taking the time to shed some light on the topic. What is your name and what would you like to offer?” Mahogany attentively listened shifting her eyes around hoping her first call wasn't a nut. The older male caller began to speak with lots of static in the back ground. His voice was as deep as Barry White's. “H-hello? How you doin Mahogany? My name is Jim. Yes, to answer why do men cheat on good women, it's because those women 

perceived as good women are probably not good women. I have a lot of women in my family and believe me, they tell me everything, so, you can't always assume they're being  good to their man.” She responded as she heard dogs barking in his background. “That's a very good point, Jim. So are you good to your woman?” She smiled knowing stirring up the pot increases ratings. She was extremely relieved she had settled into her new role so quickly and comfortably. It was all she had dreamed it would be. She took a sip of her tea 

waiting for her response. Caller Jim answered with slight embarrassment in his voice. “Y-Yeah. Of course.”  He said. “That's good. We have to recognize what we have before its too late. Two wrongs don't make a right. Ok, thanks for calling in Jim.” She replied. “You're welcome.” He added. Mahogany answered the next call with an upbeat voice. “Hello caller and welcome to ZZWP's lover of Life session. What's your name and what would you like to add?” “Hey there! My name is Roberta and I would like to say I have the best 

husband and daughter in the world! God has been good to me and being honest with your mate, even when you don't want to be, will make that man do right! That's all I have to say!” Mahogany's face lit up with a smile showing all teeth as she recognized her mother's voice. She played along to keep the flow. “Roberta, you sound like such a blessed woman. You're certainly one of the lucky ones. I hope your family is listening because they would be so proud to hear you show so much love to them.” She said with a pleasant tone while glancing 

at how much time she had until commercial. “Yes, I am and thank you for this show. I know you'll keep it real for so many who need the advice of an intelligent woman like yourself.” “Thank you for calling in Roberta. We are so glad to have you as a listener.” Mahogany added smiling away. “Ok, honey. You're welcome.” She waited for the call to  disconnect while continuing to entertain her audience. She spent the rest of the evening expressing her feelings, giving advice and playing devil's advocate to listeners and callers 

who couldn't get enough of her show.


	Days later on a Saturday night. Mahogany stood in front of her French, marble vanity mirror dressed to kill in a silver Cavalli dress while spraying on one of her many expensive bottles of perfume. She let out a deep sigh as she ran her hands along her shape feeling her tight-fitting dress that hugged her curvacious body. She thought to herself she was too young and sexy to be alone night after night. She spoke out loud to 

herself. “At least i'm not stressed. I'd rather be single than have the headaches of being attached to a loser.” She glanced at her phone as if she were able to magically make it ring with a good man on the opposite end. Running her fingers through her newly short hair cut, she grabbed her car keys, cell, clutch from the bed and headed for her car.
	 After a half hour of driving and listening to Beyonce's latest album, she reached the entrance of a popular lounge hot spot frequented by many up-standing entrepreneurs and those who'd 

made a name for themselves. Her custom-painted, 2011 pearl white, E350 Blue Tec V-6 engine Benz with Asanti chrome rims caught many eyes as she pulled up to valet. She proceeded to elegantly exit her vehicle as she politely greeted the valet guy while placing the keys in his hand. She gave him a warm smile.“Hi. Thank you.” He was taken back by her effortless beauty unable to adhere to policy. “If I may speak for the lounge and all of those who have the pleasure of seeing you, you look very lovely tonight.” He said eying her 

intensely. Mahogany smiled again as her ankle strapped designer stilettos collided with the side walk creating a sound only a woman who knew how to work a heel could. “Yes, you may say and thank you.” She replied as she felt like she was the most gorgeous woman he'd ever seen. She stepped in the door feeling sleek, but her nerves began to get the better of her. Doing her best not to seem desperate, she glided through the crowd searching for a table. The room was filled with well-dressed, sexy-smelling, dapper men which seemed as 

if their sole purpose was to hypnotize the ladies into submission. Quickly calculating the ratio of men to women, she located an available table with two chairs and decided she'd better take it since the chances of finding another was slim to none. A female singer began to serenade the audience with her sultry voice. Sitting like a queen with incredible class, Mahogany gazed around the room enjoying the ambiance and decor of such a well built space. The lighting was perfect as her jewelry radiantly sparkled  as each chandelier 

captured its brilliance to its entirety. It gave her some ideas for her home while she sat patiently waiting for someone to take her order. Seconds later, her cellphone vibrated in her purse. She checked to see who it was and found it was Shay. Answering, she used her finger to block one ear. “Hello.” “Hey Miss ZZWP. What are you up to?” Mahogany responded while crossing her legs in order to show off her scrumptious high-heels. “What's up, girl. Entertaining myself with a little dinner and music. Are you in town?” She asked 

sweetly. “No. I'm doing a late night shoot. I was thinking about you and wanted to know how your first show went.” “You could've called in and represented your girl you know.” “I know. I'm sorry, girl. One thing led into another. My agent has me running all over New York from one shoot to the next. Thank goodness not eating benefits. I never have time to do it anyway.” “Shay, you have to eat no matter what. Your figure isn't going anywhere. You have your mother's genes and she still looks great.” “See, that's 

why I love you. You always have my back. I needed to hear that. I'll be coming into town in a few weeks. What times are your shows?” “Five to eleven, Monday through Friday.” She said while discretely watching men come and go. “Ok. Looks like they're ready for me. I love you and if I don't get a chance to call her soon, tell Les the same.” An attractive male waiter stood beside her table as she wrapped up her conversation. “Ok. I will. Love you, too. Talk to you soon.” Putting away her smart phone, she began to place her 

order when a female waiter respectfully spoke to her's while passing by with a tray full of drinks. Hey, Lloyd? Do you mind sending an extra bread basket over to table six for me. Gotta love tonight, right? Thanks, sweety. Mahogany's waiter responded to the other waiter and her while giving the same respect in return as he held a small, black notepad and pen in hand. “No problem, Laurie. I'll take care of it. My apology. Saturday night is one of our most busiest nights. Considering? It's worth it. What will you be having 

tonight?” Mahogany blushed and smile   as she caught his wink letting her know he was referring to her. She was instantly pleased with how polite and charming he was and being able to see his chiseled, ripped body through his uniform shirt made the experience that much more enjoyable. Careful not to have the I -want-to-jump-your-bones-expression, she kept her eyes on the menu as she lightly tapped it with her nude-colored manicured nails indicating what she wanted. “That's ok. I'll have the sauteed smoked salmon with a butter 

nut cream sauce, roasted scallion potatoes light on the chives, no sour cream, a dash of butter....” The waiter wrote down her order with ease. Pausing for a few seconds, she concluded. “...and an apple martini with a splash of raspberry twist, shaken not stirred. Thank you.” She added with confidence. Her waiter scribbled additional notes while replying with a polite, sudden, upbeat attitude. Their eyes met as he spoke with a smile that caused her heart to skip a beat. “Ok. Will that be all?” He asked. Mahogany answered while giving 

some of her attention to the female entertainer on stage. “Yes. Thank you.” She said quickly gazing up with a smile. “Alright!” He shot back in a professional manner. Looking in the same direction her waiter chose to take to walk away, she pretended to gaze at different things while secretly admiring what an impeccable specimen he was. She thought about her radio station which pushed the thought of having a man in her life right into non-existence. 
	For the rest of the night, Mahogany enjoyed the occasion alone. She steadily 

used words to each interested man making sure not to give them a glimmer of hope that they could possibly have a chance with her. 


	Two weeks later on an early Wednesday morning. Watching for cars and the right of way in her brown, Dolce and Gabana shades, Mahogany made a left turn at an intersection while carefully speaking to Leslie as she sat in the passenger seat. Her heart ached to see one of her closest friends in 

emotional pain. “Are you sure this is what you want? Once you go through with this, there's no reversing your decision.” She said gently. Looking straight, a single tear fell from Leslie's eye. “I'm sure. It's been a year and three months. He said he was leaving her six months into our relationship. It hasn't happened yet. I don't know what else to do. I don't want to raise our child alone.” She replied sadly. “You're my friend and I love you. I want to say give him some time, maybe he'll realize you're who he really wants, but the truth is, we have to 

be realists. My mother always told me, having a man's baby doesn't make him choose you to spend the rest of his life with. Have you told anyone else yet?” She asked watching the road. “Just you and him. Don't tell Shay, you know how she can be sometimes.” Mahogany gripped the stirring wheel tighter while answering. “I won't.” Leslie put her head down before she spoke again. “Do you know what he said to me when I told him I was pregnant?” Mahogany let out a long sigh while waiting for the light to turn green. She reached over and placed 

her hand on top of Leslie's and softly answered. “What?” “I had a life before I met you. I didn't twist your arm to sleep with me. You knew I had a wife.” Leslie began to sob as it was too painful to hear  his exact words escape from her mouth. A few minutes went by before either women spoke. Choking back tears herself, Mahogany opened the console, took out a pair of red, Bottega Veneta shades, a napkin and handed them to her. “Put these on, honey. Now you can cry as hard as you want. You have to let it out.” Leslie took the shades and slid 

them over her eyes. Her voice cracked. “Thank you, sis.” Both women sat silently watching the scenery for a few more minutes. Not wanting her friend to let her mind run wild with one degrading thought after another, Mahogany spoke again in an attempt to lighten the mood. “Are you hungry? We should get something to eat before the appointment.” “If I could...sniffle... eat a cow right now I would, but I can't. They said not to....sniffle... eat anything after twelve last night. Not even a piece of gum.” Both women mustard up a smile 

as Mahogany interjected. “Really? Wow. Pretty strict, huh?” “Something about them not wanting me to vomit while under anesthesia.” “Well, when you're done, don't be surprised if me and the cow are sitting in the waiting room waiting for you. If it's a cow my girl wants, a cow my girl gets.” She replied jokingly. Wiping her nose with the napkin and responding, Leslie was unable to hold in her laughter with Mahogany doing the same right afterward. “Girl, you're crazy. You know that?” They pulled into the parking lot of 

the Women's Center, found a parking space and turned the ignition off. Without words and grabbing her friend's hand again, she looked at Leslie as to say as long as she has breath in her body, she's there for her. Everything will be ok.









CHAPTER 2







	A very frail, elderly, caucasian woman with broken prescription glasses, a barely-working personal shopping cart in hand shuffled toward Mahogany while gazing at shelves. “Excuse me, do you know where I  can 

find the Epsom salt?” The elderly woman asked. The isle was filled with pasta, crackers, tomato sauce and several different types of can goods. Mahogany reached for a bottle of Prego sauce with garlic and sausage, placed it in her cart while turning in the woman's direction. She politely responded. “Oh, i'm sorry ma'am, I don't work here, but I believe you can find it in isle eight or nine. “Thanks a lot, dear.” Not a second later, the woman turned her cart around and began slowly making her way in the opposite direction. Mahogany smiled 

speaking to the woman's back feeling relieved that it would be many years before she'd be the one asking someone else for similar items. “You're welcome, ma'am.”  She said softly out loud even though she knew the woman could not longer hear her. Leaving the after-thoughts of the encounter for another time, she continued searching for items she had on her list thinking the sooner she found them, the sooner she could be home cooking herself a tasty meal. Strolling down each isle, her mood was fair. She was independent, employed 

with benefits with much of her trust fund intact along with a great family and good friends. She started to hum one of her favorite songs when she heard a older, female voice speak to her. “Aren't you the woman from the lover of life session?” Mahogany quickly made eye contact with her as she wasn't sure what the woman's motive was. She politely replied. “Yes, I am.” She noticed the women was caucasian, very attractive with long, dark hair and hazel eyes. She was dressed like a stewardess with breasts the size of miniature 

watermelons. “I'm Jennifer,  Quinn's girlfriend? He told me about your show. We were able to catch it on our way out one evening. I think it's great. We could all use a little advice every now and then.” She said. Thinking to herself, the woman would need more than advice if she was taking up with the likes of her ex-husband. She couldn't believe Quinn was able to snag such a nice looking white woman with his funds resembling a deep, empty pocket full of  lint. She wondered how long they'd been actually seeing each other and was he seeing her 

when they were still together. Answering the woman's comment, the fact that she'd approached her and not the other way around, gave her the upper hand. She let it be known that being with her ex didn't bother her one bit. “Ok. Quinn's good people. I'm sure you know that by now. Glad you guys were able to tune in. Don't hesitate to call, every opinion is valued at ZZWP.” She said mustering up a genuine smile while using her peripherals to glance in the woman's cart. A stack of Swansen chicken dinners and a gallon of orange 

juice was all she saw. The woman smiled showing the entire top and bottom rows of teeth while answering in a high pitch tone. “We won't, I'm glad we met! If it were left up to Quinn, I don't think we would have. Well, think I better head to the counter now. These dinners aren't going to cook themselves, so nice meeting you!” Reversing her cart's direction in order not to have to walk with her ex-husband's girlfriend, Mahogany ended the conversation with a calm smile in return. “You too, take care.”

	Enjoying a few hours before work, Mahogany laid on her plush, gray and black, Japan- imported sectional while eating a bowl of lavender honey ice-cream. She wore her white, Victoria Secret-laced negligee while plastering her eyes on her seventy-inch, flat screen television. Slowly taking a bite, she whispered out loud to herself as she watched a cliff hanger to one of her favorite soap operas. “They sure know how to keep you coming back for more.” She continued to eat and watch the scenes unfold as she refused to blink for 

fear she would miss important details. Minutes later, the credits were rolling when an idea popped into her head. She felt sexy and delectable while remembering seeing the characters of the show emulate passion and love toward each other caused her body to fein for the same. Going to work hot and bothered was out of the question. She grabbed the remote and hit the “off” button while sitting the bowl on the coffee table. She proceeded down the hall and to her spacious bedroom heading toward the dresser. She opened 

the third drawer, reached under the lingerie and pulled out a large, caramel-complexioned dildo shaped like the ideal penis of most women's imagination. With it in hand, she walked over to the nightstand and situated the phone so it wouldn't disturb her. She laid down on the bed feeling relaxed on her gold, goose-feathered Ralph Lauren comforter. She found it easy to connect with a very familiar  zone. While sexily sliding her panties off one leg at a time, she closed her eyes and began drifting in thought of picturing the man of her 

dreams passionately touching and kissing her to no end. She slid the straps from her shoulders and gently ran her fingertips along her firm nipples while lightly squeezing her breasts. She felt a wave of warmth circulate though out her body as she glided the dildo alongside her inner thighs. She moaned and licked her lips as her legs began to widen with each soft touch. She was now submerged in the tender confines of her heaven locked in an embrace of pure pleasure. She knew what she liked, knew what she wanted as she commenced to taking care 

of a void she so desperately longed to fill. 

	Half hour later and freshly showered, Mahogany turned the pages of an old photo album full of pictures of herself, friends and family while sitting up in bed. She came across a picture of her mother wrapping her arms around her while she held a toy microphone singing as if she knew every word to a song. Her relatives were in the background cheering her on. She noticed her mother's eyes were filled 

with so much love and joy while watching her baby take a song by storm at such a young age. She took the picture from the album and flipped it over. It read “Gigi's birthday party - My sunshine singing Angel By Angela Winbush -  4 years old” She smiled and chuckled inside thinking of how she must've sounded then. She continued to stroll down memory lane when her eyes fell upon a seven year old picture of herself and Quinn laughing at an amusement park with ketchup and mustard smeared on their faces. It took 

her back to the exact moment of feeling completely in love with him again. It felt like yesterday and in seconds, pain began to creep its way to the front of her heart. She let out a deep sigh and quickly closed the photo album and shoved it under the bed. She knew It was imperative to shake off any lingering emotions realizing it could cause a sudden rise in clouded judgment the next time she spoke to him. Hopping off the bed and heading to the closet for an outfit for work, she checked her unproductive emotions at the door 

keeping it clear in her mind that her ex-husband would never get another day of her life as being the love of her life. 



	“Ambitions of love. The pursuit of happiness. We fly hiiigggh in pursuit of what truly makes this place...we call the universe.....go 'round. Seems so easy to attain....and for many, right in the palm of our hands, through the roots of our fingers, falling deeper....and deeper, away from our most simple 

dream....love. What is real love to you? You are now listening to Mahogany's lover of life session ZZWP and I am indebted to you for tuning in on this rainy, yet beautiful evening.” Mahogany's tone was low and elegant as she let her voice travel through the microphone into the homes and offices of D.C. While speaking, she pressed the button to activate the first call. “Hello caller. Thank you for gracing us this evening. What is your name and what does love mean to you?” She took a sip of her raspberry spice tea while listening 

to a train go by in the caller's background. The male caller's voice was deep and sensuous. “Hello, Mahogany. It's always a pleasure to listen to your voice. I'm not going to leave a name because I plan on calling more often, if that's ok with you.” He said sexily. Intrigued, she seductively smiled while responding. “Of course, its fine. This is why i'm here.” She went on attentively listening. “You asked what does real love mean? To me, its realizing you're wrong and having the guts to admit and apologize when you're wrong. It's taking 

care of someone when they're sick even when you're mad at them. It's loving unconditionally even when you see all of their flaws. I could go on, but I know you have to take other calls...” His voice trailed off into a light chuckle. Placing the cup on the desk and adjusting her headphones, she was unable to fight of another smile. She enjoyed his take on love and thought to herself that his other half is a lucky person. She composed herself in order to stay on track. “Have to agree with you there. You've clearly been doing your homework. Real love 

should never have boundaries or limits. Thank you for sharing that.” She replied softly. “No, thank you, my queen.” He added in the same tone. She smiled to herself and waited for him to hang up. She went on taking calls shedding her wisdom and letting listeners call in until commercial break. 
	Hours flew by as it was nearing the end of her shift. Mahogany looked up at the clock and began wrapping up the show with words of knowledge. Light from the hallway invaded the booth as she noticed someone had opened the 

door and began waiting for her attention. Minutes later, she pulled off the headphones and turned toward the visitor with a smile while speaking. “Hey, what's up Tim? What are you still doing here?” She asked politely. “When am I ever home? I've got to learn to say “no” more often. I should probably take a class for passive aggressiveness, huh?” He said standing with his Sean John pink coat and hat on, man bag looped around his chest. She laughed as she walked around the booth preparing to go home. She noticed he had a bushel of 

white roses in his hand. “If you never get to go home, maybe the class might not be such a bad idea. I see someone was blessed with flowers today...mmh, very nice.” She said with an eye-brow slightly raised. Tim's voice elevated like a woman. “I wish. Honey, these are for you.” He shot back. She stopped shuffling papers and looked up with a questioned expression. “What? From who? I know you read the card.” She exclaimed joking around since they'd become comfortable with each other over the last four weeks. Laying the 

flowers on her desk with a huge smile, he answered while joking back. “I started to, but I said no, they are not for me. I have to be professional and mind my own beeswax and give them to the rightful owner. They arrived hours ago. I would've brought them sooner, but the boss had me on back-to-back  conference calls.” He added rolling his eyes. She gave him a playful, roguish eye with a closed smile as she picked up the flowers and smelled them. She decided to read the card at home to give herself pleasant dreams while drifting off to 

sleep. “Alright, if you say so. Now go, get out of here and get some “you” time. I'll see you tomorrow.” She said. Adjusting his man bag, Tim waved good-bye while ending the conversation. “Adios amiga!”


	Mahogany made her way to her personal parking space with several manilla folders in arms, office bag and purse over her shoulder and flowers in hand. The sounds of her heels echoed through the nearly deserted parking garage as she hit the keyless remote on 

the Mercedes. She opened the door and began laying her belongings in the passenger seat when she suddenly heard a man's voice. “Need help with anything?” He said. Realizing she was hunched over with her behind in full view, she abruptly turned around from being startled. “No, thank you. I'm usually not the jumpy type, but do you always sneak up on women at night like this?” She said letting out a sigh while straightening her navy blue DKNY pantsuit. Facing him with her back to the open car door and hitting the 

window power button, she was relieved to find he was clearly a professional man as he was dressed in a very well tailored, expensive suit and tie. His shoes were Stacy Adams with facial features fit for a movie screen. A small gust of wind sent an alluring scent of his cologne into her nose as she noticed he wasn't wearing a wedding ring. His stunning diamond bracelet danced in the over-head lights as he slightly moved his arm while responding with grace and extreme sex appeal. “I'm sorry for scaring you and no I don't usually sneak up on women like 

this. I knew who you were and had to take the opportunity to say hello. My name is Marvin, I work in the next building. I'm a fan of your show and never miss a session. Please forgive me.” She gave a relaxed smile while attempting to get in the vehicle. “Well in that case, you're forgiven. Call in sometimes, we would love to hear your opinion.” She added while proceeding to stick the key in the ignition determined to dismiss any thoughts that didn't involve her job. “I wish you had more time, then I could finish telling you what 

real love means to me other than taking care of your sick loved one even when you're mad at them.” He said smiling placing his hands in his slacks' pockets. Without looking at him, she returned a smile hesitating to turn on the engine. Seconds passed before she turned in his direction and answered. “So that was you earlier this evening? I knew your voice sounded familiar. Sometimes a caller can reach someone even if i'm not able. I really appreciated you taking the time to connect with us. Now, if you'll excuse me...” He interrupted her 

sentence. “I'm going to go out on a limb and do something, yet again, I never do. Will you have lunch with me sometimes? Maybe tomorrow? Just a sandwich over a little conversation. I'm harmless, I promise.” She looped her hair around her ear as she smiled not wanting to answer right away. She tried to remember the last time she'd seen a man that looked this attractive. The waiter from the lounge crossed her mind, but he didn't hold a candle to this one. Sensing she was a woman strictly about her business, he spoke again to 

diminish the pressure. “Just think about it. Nothing heavy. I'm only one building away. I hope you like your flowers, I figured white roses was a nice gesture to say I appreciate your show. If you decide to take me up on the offer, my information is on the card.” He said secretly admiring her beauty. Starting the engine with butterflies doing back flips and jumping jacks in her stomach, Mahogany kept her cool as she put the vehicle in reverse while replying with a smile. “I get the feeling you don't take no for an answer. The flowers were a nice 

gesture. Thank you. I'll think about your proposal. Have a good night.” She pulled off waiting until she was too far away for him to know she was looking at him in the rear view mirror. She watched him sound the alarm to a brand new Red Lexus that sat four cars from her parking space. She exited the garage unsure of what to make of it all. She wondered what his agenda was and for a split second, wondered what it would be like to have someone to go home to again. If not anything else, one thing she was certain of, which was she didn't 

need a man  coming into her life rocking the boat.













CHAPTER 3







	Days turned into weeks, weeks turned into months with four years under her belt at ZZWP. With each passing session, Mahogany continued to make the radio station a success while staying focused keeping men off of her 

mind. Luck played its part and in a short period of time spending just about every waking moment on getting her name, face and show out there, her call volume ballooned with an undeniable fan base that generated ratings by far exceeding the previous host and the history of the show. With doing countless local and national radio interviews,  several television appearances and four magazine spreads, it became impossible to move about town without someone recognizing her. Due to her over-night fame, she grew suspicious of everyone 

and found it exhausting trying to figure out each person's motive for hanging on. Even though she was an instant hit, she was lonelier than ever.

	


	“Is it ok if we take a break, Miss boss? We've been moving since eight o'clock. I'm hungry.” Deeply sighing, Leslie sat her ninth box on the eighteen-wheeler moving truck as she sarcastically spoke. Making light of the 

matter that her best friend was leaving town was her only way to keep from crying every half hour. “I haven't packed the food yet, no one said you couldn't eat and move at the same time. Help yourself, girl.” Mahogany replied while writing the word “bathroom” in black marker on the side of a huge cardboard box on the front lawn. Carrying a small box under her arm and talking with her agent on the cellphone, Shay switched her hips from side to side in her canary, beaded Moshino jeans as she sat it on the truck. She let out a tiresome breath  

as if she'd been moving large boxes all along. Leslie and Mahogany looked at each other and shook their heads as to say Shay wouldn't know hard labor if it fell on top of her head. “I'm really going to miss you, Mahogany. Not having you close by  is going to take some getting use to. Why do you have to move so far anyway?” Leslie said fighting back  tears watching one of the movers carry two of her China set, dinning room chairs out. Shay interjected. “Les, it's not that far. Boston is a few hours away. We can visit whenever we want. You know that and if 

you're ever low on funds, we never have a problem with springing for you.” Mahogany cosigned. “That's right. No amount of distance will break our bond and with all of the communication technology today? Girl, please. Of course, it may not be exactly like it use to be, but we'll get use to it. I have to make this move and see what else is out there. Who knows? Maybe i'll meet Mr. Right. You don't want me to miss out on him, now do you? Did you ever think Mr. Right might have a cousin named Mr. up? Because if he does? He's yours. 

I'm just throwing that out there.” She said waving her arms as if she was going to go on and on. All of the women chuckled with Shay adding her response. “Mr. Right. Now theeerrre's a thought. I'll say this...Mahogany you've worked so hard to get to where you are now. If you meet a nice guy, who really seems like he likes you and not your money or what you can do for him, as soon as you hit Boston's soil, give him a chance. Nothing wrong with dinner and a movie, plus Newbury street and the Copley Mall is waiting for you to walk in and rack up 

on new lingerie. Trust me, when I visit the Bean, they keep my credit card on lock down.” Mahogany let out a deep sigh while running her fingers through her hair smiling and speaking in a joking manner. “Heeeerrree we go. I got this, ok? And as far as your credit card? You mean you keep your credit card on lock down. You know you spend everything you make, Shay. Les, did you see that “train” coming?” Leslie answered Mahogany's question. “Yes, but you opened the “tracks” for that train to barrel its way through nosyville.” The 

women exploded into laughter with Shay yelling out with her finger pointed to the sky. “Bazinga!” 


	Two days later at 9pm. Happily navigating her way though the halls of her astonished, immaculate penthouse on Commonwealth avenue,  Mahogany headed toward the bathroom to freshen up. She had been unpacking all day with barely taking a break. She turned the shower on, felt the temperature of the water when she heard the faint sound of 

the cordless phone ringing from the living room. Hurrying to answer before it stopped, she quickly grabbed the receiver while slightly out of breath. “Mahogany speaking!” “Hi. Didn't think you were going to answer, did I catch you at a bad time?” He asked. “No, not at all. I was just getting ready to take a shower. How was your flight?” She held the phone tight to her ear feeling like a school girl. His voice sounded better than she'd remembered. “Long. Ya know, I still can't believe you moved  around the corner from one of my 

properties. I can't tell you how happy I was that I went with my gut feeling and approached you in the garage that night...and now look at us. Seventh date, fresh off a flight, on my way to see you.” She felt like she was flying as she listened to his every word ecstatic that she'd made him wait in order to get him to respect her mind and character before anything else. “Well, even though it took me three years to call, i'm glad I decided to give us a chance. After my divorce, my job was always first, nothing else mattered, but I realize God gives you 

signs and somehow, you just know to act on certain ones. I can't wait to see you.” She seductively responded. “Absolutely and I can't wait to see you, too. Timing is everything and speaking of time, i'm waiting for a cab and here comes one now. I'll be there soon.” “Alright.” She hung up the phone and began swirling around the room like a ballet dancer who'd been chosen for the biggest performance of all. She had placed her love-life on hold far too long and it was time to enjoy the fruits of her labor, time to experience what grew foreign inside 

of her heart....time to follow her own advice and submit to the one thing everyone sought....real love. 



	Hour and a half later. Smelling heavenly in a Chinese-inspired, white silk robe that draped perfectly over her figure-eight shape wearing red Christian Louboutin heels, Mahogany took a deep breath and answered the door. There he stood with a smile with red roses in hand, smelling sensational and looking 

fine. His muscular neck, arms and hands were a delightful hint of what was left to her imagination. Both offered a few seconds to take in their exquisite views. Time froze as they swam in each others eyes ready to devour. She slowly took a step forward, closed her eyes and gently kissed Marvin on the lips. He grabbed her around the waist and allowed his lips to give her the welcome she deserved. They embraced as if it was their last moment together. Not wanting to give too much at once, she slightly pulled back speaking smooth and low 

while her nose touched his “Hi. I missed you. Come in.” She grabbed his hand and began walking backward into her home as she faced him. He swallowed hard while letting out a deep breath as he stepped through the threshold of her penthouse. “Woman, you look absolutely breath-taking. Please pinch me because I still don't think this is real. These are for you, my queen.” He calmly replied handing her the flowers as he couldn't believe how well she'd done for herself and how great she looked in her silk robe. Responding, she took the 

flowers from his hand and held them under her nose. “Thank you, babe. You're going to spoil me. If I don't get flowers every time you see me, i'm going to think something's up. Make yourself at home. I hope you're hungry.” She  said speaking from a distance as she sexily branched off into the kitchen. Marvin found an extremely comfortable love seat and took a load off. He lifted his voice. “The cabs here and the ones in New York and D.C. are definitely different. I figured the faster they go, the quicker the money they make. My guy? 

Babe, trust me when I say, you would've sworn it was the opposite.” He said. Carrying a bottle of Canelli-based Moscato and two wine glasses, she smiled as she lead the way to the dining room. He winked following without instruction as he walked over to a chair and motioned for her to sit. Kissing her on the cheek, he gently took the bottle and glasses from her hand indicating equality. The table was beautifully set with a full-course meal, lit aroma candles, fine dinner napkins and silverware. “This is heaven, isn't it?” She 

said fixing their plates as Marvin poured the wine. “Yes, and as long as we have each other, it only gets better from here.” He replied as his facial expression read that he couldn't wait to have her all to himself.
	They spent the next hour eating, laughing and enjoying each others company while matching wits  mesmerized by the charm they both possessed. Once done with dinner, they shared the remainder of the wine over  a warm, butter and almond-glazed, red velvet cake in which they decided to take 

to the bedroom finally consummating their perfect relationship.


	“I called twice this week, ma. I don't like it when you don't answer. It makes me worry.” Mahogany spoke with a gentle, concerned tone as she spoke  noticing her mother sounded more tired than usual. The cordless was cradled between her shoulder and chin while washing a plate. “I know, baby. First time, I must've been at my appointment. The second, I was probably taking a nap. 

You don't have to worry about me, your father's always here.” Her mother said in a soothing tone. “I know, but it doesn't make me feel any better. Did you go for a routine appointment?”  She asked. “It was routine for me. Dr. Shapiro had me see a specialist yesterday. He felt a small lump under my right breast, but don't worry Mahogany, he said i'm very healthy and he doesn't think it's trouble. I eat plenty of vegetables and fruit. Always have, why do you think you love oranges and raspberries so much?” Listening to her mother's voice, she felt 

tears welling up in her eyes with a pain that began to sear through her heart. The thought of losing her, her unconditional support system, was unfathomable. She took a few seconds to respond while sitting at her kitchen table to gain composure. Her voice took on a mournful tone. “A lump and you tell me not to worry? Have you told daddy?” She replied looking up at the ceiling to keep the tears from rolling down. “No and i'm not going to because he's only going to worry just like you're doing now. Doctor says we'll have the 

results of the biopsy  soon. Everything's fine, Mahogany. You hear me?” Mahogany's tears fell without permission as they slid down her face and onto the table. She felt powerless and vulnerable. Answering with a tremble in her voice, she used the bottom palm of her hand to wipe them away deciding to believe her. “Yes ma, I hear you.” Her mother went on talking. “Now, because we're Johnsons, we don't end things off on a bad note. Please tell your mother you're at least dating someone nice. Are you tired of your bed 

being cold or what?” Feeling a tinge of embarrassment, she mustard up a smile sensing her mother had one as well. She contemplated whether if it was too soon to tell her about Marvin. “Yes, i'm dating, ma. I know you want little hard-headed grandchildren running around your house one day.” Her mother chuckled while responding. “Good. Your father told me to tell you he loves you and come home as soon as you have the time.” “Ok. Tell him I love him too. Try not to do too much house work, ma. I want you to relax.” Her mother ended 

the conversation. “I won't. I love you sunshine. Talk to you later... kiss, kiss.” 


	
	Having her own floor for the show, Mahogany hit the “on air” button as she got comfortable in her seat to greet her fans. She spoke in her usual calm docile, yet seductive tone. Her mother's face flashed in her mind as she thought about the bad news she'd given her. “You are now listening to lover of life and I am Mahogany Johnson....your 

host for this splendid evening. Once again, this session is for all of you. Life is so short and we must spend every moment appreciating what is precious to us. At the end of the day, what do we have? Not our fancy cars, houses, jewelry, clothes or money, no my loves, its the people that mean the most to us. We tend to put them last thinking they will always be there.....be there to support us when our spirits suddenly get low. Sometimes when they need us, we're not available for some shallow reason. What does your support system 

mean to you? Now i'm talking about the people you can count on, the ones who love you when the storms are rocking your boats on the verge of irreversible damage and disaster. The ones who are left standing to help you pick up the pieces when everyone else has jumped ship. Let us hear your voices and thoughts, give us your hearts, minds and souls. One call can make a difference because when you're feeling down and you're ready to throw in the towel...know this...someone cares. I care.” Like clockwork, the calls began to 

flood the board as she took the first one. “Hello, thank you for calling in to lover of life. What is your name and what does your support system mean to you?” The young, female caller spoke with a deep southern accent. “Hi. My name is Cynthia Dupree and I just wanna say I love ya show. My support system means everything to me. Without them, I don't know where I would be. Aunt Reeree, mama Floyd, cousin Sharon...respect the ones you love 'cause when they're gone, you can't bring them back and....” Keeping track of time and watching the 

levels, Mahogany politely interrupted. “Cynthia, you couldn't be more right. You've made your family proud with such a heart felt comment. Thank you for taking the time to give the listeners your love.” “...oh, ok. Thank you, Mahogany.” “You're so welcome.” Without hesitation, she went for call two while greeting them. An elderly man cleared his throat and began talking loudly. “Aaaaaammmeeen! What a blessed program. I thought i'd never get through, praise Jesus let glory be the God for he is my savior, our savior. Miss 

Mahogany, God is my support system and for those who are listening, listen to me now, God will take ya through, because God!....” Interjecting politely while fighting off a smile, she spoke into the mic. “Bringing back the church and the holy spirit. I love it, sir. Our listeners need to know prayer is key. Sir, we thank you for calling in.” “And thank you Miss Mahogany. Alright now, take care.” 
	After many calls, it was time for commercial as her words of encouragement blended over a soft 

instrumental jazz tune. Dwelling on her mother's condition had become an obstacle she found difficult to further ignore. She completed the session hoping to God he'd answer her prayers while she helped listeners gain hope in their own situations. An offer of resolution per her request from her prayers...to God's ears.



	Four days later. Hopping into the car with her gym bag in tow on a bright 

Saturday morning, Mahogany held her cell a few inches from her mouth as she spoke with agitation. “Of course i'm doing well, it doesn't mean I have to become your personal bank, Quinn. I loaned you money before and I have yet to see a dime.” Pulling off, she listened to his excuses while looking left to right. “I know. I was going to pay you, but I lost my job. Do you think I would ask my ex-wife for some more money if I had someone else to ask?” He said with his voice coming through the speaker. “Yes, I do and you want to know why, Quinn? 

Because I was once your wife. I'm a good person. You and I both know, i'm a gooood person. Ok, I'm on my way to the gym and I need this work out, so how much?” She said shifting her eyes. Quinn lowered his voice while muffling the words. “Twelve hundred.” Slowing the vehicle to let a squirrel cross, she ran her french- manicured nails through her short hair while letting out a long, deep sigh. “Wow. Ya know, if i'm going to loan you that much money, you should at least tell me why you need it.” She said feeling annoyed by the second. “Rent. 

My contacts are procrastinating. I should be ok next month.” He added. Ready to get on with her day and release some stress on gym equipment, she calmly replied. “Alright. I'll wire the money later this afternoon. I'll let you know when it's all set.” Speaking with a tail- between-his-legs tone of voice, Quinn added. “Thank you. I know you don't want to hear it, but I still love you and...” She interrupted his sentence while turning into the parking lot of the gym. “You're right. I don't want to hear it. I'll talk to you later, Quinn. Tell mama 

Josephine I said hello.” She disconnected the line without waiting for his response. 






	That same Saturday at 6:30pm. “It's ok, Marvin, I know you wanted to be here with me tonight. We have to admit, coming up for air has been our downfall, but we know if we want to keep living our comfortable lives, we have to work. I understand that.” Covering her disappointment with a 

good attitude and a smile, Mahogany sat Indian style on her bed while holding the cellphone to her ear. His voice and everything about him turned her on like no other man had. “You got that right, babe. I'm sorry, believe me, I tried to get out of the meeting, but Fortworth changed his proposal at the last minute which caused an avalanche of modifications. Its back to the drawing board on this one and for me? It's back in the office first thing tomorrow morning. I know it's Sunday, but i'm not taking any chances.” He said. Hearing 

his heart-felt, genuine tone gave her comfort as she let out an undetected sigh. She decided to be sexily playful to keep their passion torch going. “Guess I have to handle my business since i'm not going to see my man tonight. Candles, wine, heels, that red little number you like? Yup, all on hold until my king comes back to his queen.” “Mmh, don't do this to me babe, you know I like it when you talk naughty. You're such a smart, classy lady and a freak. My kind of woman.” He replied joining the fun. Blushing with slight embarrassment, she 

giggled as she couldn't believe she was getting fresh with him over the phone. “Sorry, sweety. I just had to tell you what was and is going down tonight.” She added while picturing him straddling her for the umpteenth time. Moments later, her call-waiting beeped. She checked the screen to see who it was. “Honey, I have another call. It's my best friend Shay.” “Go ahead, babe. I want to wrap up here, get home so I can get an early start. I'll call you before I go to bed.” “Alright, kisses and hugs.” Sighing, she pressed her call-waiting 

button and spoke. Right away, she noticed her friend was not in a good mood. “Hey Shay, what's up?” “Mahogany, i'm a pretty intelligent girl, right? Like, I don't have stupid written on my forehead, right?” “No, why? What's the matter?” Shay heavily sighed as she began to chronologically and verbally shoot out the events. “Tariq. This man asks me to come over, I go, I see his bedroom lights on half way down the street, I ring the bell, I look, lights are off. I call his cell, he doesn't answer. Calls me back ten minutes later, tells me 

he's not home, his mother had some sort of inexplicable emergency.” She angrily said. Mahogany spoke with a careful and loving tone. “I'm not trying to be funny Shay, but it seems to me his mother has quite a few of emergencies every time you turn around. I told you how I felt when he had emergency number four  two months ago. Honey, he's not good enough for my girl. Point blank. I said it then and i'm saying it now. I love you and that's all there is to it.” Speaking with confidence, Shay responded while gathering her self-esteem in between the 

lines. “I tried to give him a chance, but evidently, he doesn't know what he has. I'm Shay Monroe. One of the hottest models in New York. Pulling down  countless shoots a day when everyone else want to call it a day and party. I really don't have to deal with this, you know what i'm saying, girl?” Switching to laying on her stomach, Mahogany answered. “You don't have to tell me. I know what you're worth. The question is, does he? And honestly? To keep it real? We already know the answer, don't we? Just by his actions, tells us he hasn't 

a clue who's been giving him the time of day all this time. Makes me mad. I'm sorry for getting riled up, girl.” “Mahogany girl, if I never told you? I love you and I mean that from the bottom of my heart.” Mahogany collected herself while lowering her voice out of feeling hurt for her best friend. “I know. I love you too. I have a confession.” “What?” “I've been seeing someone, his name is Marvin and girl trust me when I say, he's fabulous all the way around the board. I'm going to leave it at that for now, because I don't want 

you to think i'm lifting myself up when you're feeling down, so we'll talk about the rest later. I just didn't want to keep it a secret from you guys any longer. I wanted to make sure he was going to be around for a while.” She said. Feeling better, Shay attempted to end the conversation with a smile. “Holding out, huh? Well girl i'm glad you took my advice and went for yours. No one deserves it more than you. I'm going to finish my laundry, i'll call you later.” “Alright, I love you and remember, like you said earlier, you're Shay Monroe, 

the baddest model in NY. If you have to stick the words on the fridge, stereo, bathroom door, do it.” Both women chuckled, said their good-byes and hung up.


















CHAPTER 4
May 10th














	After a very productive and successful radio show, an exhausted Mahogany gathered her things, left the office and proceeded toward her car as she did every night. By far, the garage was bigger than the one in D.C. with 

several bulbs blown from over-use. Only three vehicles remained parked many feet away in all directions. It was 11:45pm and getting home to her bed seemed like heaven by every means. Reminding herself for the third time, she unlocked the trunk and began searching for the windshield washer fluid. A few minutes later, she heard the cocking of a gun behind her. It shattered the silence sending her heart into sheer panic. She quickly turned around as she faced a nine millimeter pointed directly at her forehead. Dropping the office bag 

on the ground, she raised her hands to show she was defenseless. Trembling with her chest heaving up and down, she spoke. “W-what do you want? Please don't hurt me.” The gunman was dressed in black, ski mask covered to the neck, wearing black leather gloves. “Shut up, bitch! I won't hurt you if you give me what I want! Where's the money!” He said speaking low and sinister.  She glanced around her surroundings praying to God that someone would see what was happening. To her dismay, she was all alone. “I have credit cards and 

thirty dollars in my wallet. I don't carry much. Please... don't hurt me.” she said nervously. Knowing that women were raped at an alarming rate across the globe, it was the one time she'd wished she hadn't dressed so attractively. The gunman's crazed eyes pierced her shapely body through her clothes, looking at her from head to toe. He was getting turned on with each breath she took. She attempted to divert his attention. “Here, take my jewelry. It's worth a whole lot. If you'll let me, i'll give you my cards and money too.” With 

tears in her eyes, Mahogany began to frantically take off her Tiffany's custom-made, diamond bracelets, ring and watch. Suddenly, out of nowhere, the lights of a red Lexus brightly shined on them as it accelerated close to maximum speed within seconds. Realizing he ran out of time, the gunman quickly turned in its direction then took off running disappearing out of another exit. Sobbing, she threw her hands to her face as she collapsed sitting at the edge of the opened trunk. With tires screeching and coming to an abrupt halt, Marvin 

jumped out of his vehicle, ran toward her and hugged her tight while speaking out of fear, anger and desperation. “Baby! Are you alright! Did he hurt you! That son of a bitch! Thank God I followed my mind! You're ok babe, you're ok....shshhhh.” She was too hysterical to answer questions. He rocked her in his arms as she cried relieved she was safe again. 
	Forty minutes later after a police report was taken, she was slowly, but surely, coming back to a stable frame of mind. Still in the garage, they sat in 

Marvin's car as they watched the last reporter drive away. She felt up to talking about what happened. “He had this disturbing look in his eyes, ya know? I thought I was going to die, Marvin. When I saw your car, I couldn't believe God spared my life. This could've ended so differently.” She said letting out a tiresome breath. He sadly answered while shaking his head and gently rubbing her thigh to comfort her. “Babe, I know. I drove into town to surprise you. My first thought was to wait for you in front of your house, but 

then I realized I missed you so much, I  couldn't wait to see your face, so I decided to catch you while you were getting off. I'm not comfortable with you leaving work at this time of night, babe. As you can see, it's too dangerous. Either we need to look into a body guard or you change to earlier hours. You're known, honey. You need protection.” He exclaimed as his eyes roamed the top half of her body. Not wanting to face reality that changes should be made, also, telling her friends and family what happened, she sighed again looking 

through the window at her vehicle. “Can we get out of here. I've had enough for one day.” She added. “Alright. If you don't feel like driving, we can call a flat bed to get your car home, if that's what you want.” “No, that's ok, babe. I'm alright, I'll drive. Just stay close behind.” She said reaching for the door handle to get out of the vehicle. “You got it.” He quickly said gazing at her making it known he would be at her beck and call.




	
	
	1:18pm, one day after the robbery scare. Taking the day off to recooperate while appointing one of her staff to operate the show, Mahogany spent most of the morning talking with family and friends letting them know she was ok. Leslie and Shay babied her for about a half hour on a conference call before getting back to work. Quinn hadn't called which annoyed her like a nat at a barbeque, especially since she'd loaned him a substantial amount of money. Marvin was in the kitchen cooking a late breakfast while she laid in bed with a 

slight headache. Laying on one side wearing only his white, crisp designer tank top and her purple-laced Victoria Secret panties, she held the cordless phone to her ear. “No, daddy. I don't need you to fly out, i'm ok. My friend rescued me in time. Seeing that gun scared me half to death, though. The police are going to handle it from here.”  She said innocently. “Ok. Your mother tells me you're doing a lot of good with your radio program. We're proud of you, but nuts come with the territory, ya know? Can't they give you security?” Her 

father asked with a stern and highly concerned tone. She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead while listening to a repetitive question. “I'll look into it, daddy.” “Please do, sunshine. Your mother wants to talk to you now. I love you.” “Alright, love you too.” She listened to her parents exchange respectful words in the background as she waited for her mother to get on the phone. Seconds later, her mother began speaking. “Sunshine, you ok? Girl, we almost had a heart attack when we heard it on the news this morning.” 

“Yes. I'm fine, ma. The news will report a story faster than you can get to your family, that's why you heard about it there first. I wasn't going to call you last night.” “Thank God you're ok. Well, I'm sure you must be tired, so i'm not going to keep you long. I wanted to give you some news of my own. My biopsy tests came back. Everything's negative.” Throwing up one arm, Mahogany lit up with joy as she felt a delightful presence and a soft kiss on her cheek. Marvin smiled while quietly sitting a tray of scrambled eggs, home fries, maple 

bacon, buttered blueberry pancakes and a glass of freshly squeezed orange juice beside her in bed. “Really, ma! Thank you Jesus! That's great news!” “Yes, it is sweetheart. Now we're going to let you go. Too much excitement after what happened last night isn't good. Call us later, we love you.” “Ok, I love you, ma.” She hung up the phone, stretched out her arms and motioned to Marvin to give her a big hug and kiss. Without words, he did just that as she possessed only two thoughts.....God is real and she's completely in love.


	Two months later. “I now pronounce you.... husband... and wife.” Both dressed in Versace outfits, coordinating colors of gold and black,  Mahogany and Marvin embraced and passionately kissed each other as soon as the reverend released the words into the air. Everyone present clapped and whistled. A few staff from the justice of the peace office, Shay and Leslie sat as they watched two people in love start their life as an official union. The office staff dispersed while Shay and Leslie 

approached the smiling couple. Leslie spoke first while giving Mahogany a hug and Marvin eye contact. “Aaww, you guys look so beautiful together. I'm so happy for you.” She said squeezing her. Marvin and Mahogany answered in unison with a “thank you” while Mahogany went on to speak with pure joy in her eyes. “Thank you so much for coming. Next time, it'll be a big wedding with the works.” Afterward, Shay joined in smiling and hugging them one by one while keeping her words in check in front of Marvin. “Yes, you two were 

meant for each other. Mahogany, I would love to stay, but I have to fly back to New York today. I'll be ready for the real date, you just give me a holler when it's time.” Sliding both hands in his pockets, Marvin smiled at Mahogany's friends then proceeded to walk away to talk with an associate he recognized. Having privacy amongst themselves, the women began to talk candidly. “Girl, I know you love the man, but why like this? A shot gun wedding? Your parents are not going to be happy about their little sunshine getting married in the city 

hall building.” Shay spoke relieved she was able to say what she was thinking the entire ceremony. Sucking her teeth, Leslie answered Shay in Mahogany's defense. “Did you hear her? This is not the real wedding. She's grown. Everyone doesn't handle everything the way you would, Shay.” “Thank you, Les. Besides, this is what we both wanted. He wants me to be his wife now. Not a minute later and yes, I wanted the same. I'm not telling my parents until I schedule the  one she's been looking forward to since forever. She wants to play with her 

grandchildren while she's still young.” Mahogany added while smelling her bouquet as she watched her new, fine husband talk with other men. Speaking with genuine concern, Shay rolled her eyes at the ceiling then sighed while looking at both women. “I'm not trying to be a downer, I'm just saying what's the rush, that's all? If you two really love each other than there's no reason why you couldn't wait to do it right.” Leslie shook her head while Mahogany calmly responded. “Listen, I know you're concerned, but I got this. I love him and 

he loves me. I guess that night in the garage made me see things in a different way.” “I was just going to say you must still be feeling vulnerable. Well, it's water under the bridge now. Either way, I love you. Alright ladies, I love you both, have to skedaddle, don't want to miss my plane.” Shay replied while throwing her designer bag over her shoulder and securing her shades on top of her head. Leslie and Mahogany answered at the same time. “We love you, too.” Leslie chimed in afterward. “I might as well go too. I have to take my 

mother shopping.” The women hugged, said their good-byes to the newlyweds, then went their separate ways.  
	

	Later that evening at Mahogany's penthouse. The couple laid in bed draped under each other after a long, steamy, love-making session. Sweat glazed their naked bodies as Mahogany began to speak with a low and sexy tone while looking up into Marvin's eyes. “Can you believe we did it?” “Yes, we've been doing it and I gotta say, I want to 

do it again. You're unbelievable in bed, babe.” Marvin's voice was deep as he joked while stroking the hair on the sides of her temple. “Not this, Marvin. Getting married.” She chuckled as she playfully jabbed him in the side of the ribs. Yelling out as if he was really in pain, he laughed while replying. “Oh! The wedding! Of course I can believe it. I thought you were talking about something else.” “No. I wasn't and now  that i'm your wife, i'm wondering what's next.” She said sinking into his eyes. “Well, what's next is a threesome. You 

know that's every man's fantasy.” He said fighting a smile. She sucked her teeth and jabbed him again. “Listen. Marvin? You better stop playing with me. Unless you're trying to get divorced like say, tomorrow? I suggest you  center your mind on other things.” She replied while lightly chuckling. “No, I definitely don't want to get divorced. You're off the market and that's the way it's going to stay.” He said slowly gliding his finger along her breast. “Nooow you're saying something I can actually listen to. See, that wasn't hard right? 

Getting back on track because I would hate to have to practice my Judo moves on you.” She said with a smirk. “Ok, now I want a divorce. You didn't tell me you're a lethal weapon. You would actually physically hurt me?” He playfully asked sliding his finger down the middle of her stomach stopping at her perfectly trimmed pubic hair. “What? I didn't tell you? I'm sorry sweetheart. Well, now you know.” She replied feeling herself getting wet as she thought heaven couldn't possibly be better than this.  She was going crazy 

inside. “You know what?” He said. She answered while rubbing the hair on his chest secretly wishing he was serious about round two. “What?” She said with as much sex appeal she was able to gather. “Thank you for marrying me. I'm going to make you the happiest woman in this world....” His words softly dwindled off as he gently connected his lips with hers while expertly pushing his tongue inside her mouth. She closed her eyes as she enjoyed his patient, warm kiss that melted into the depths of her soul. Spending the next few minutes 

slowly kissing and holding each other tight, she was yet again and again, for the rest of the night, blessed with her wish.



	One week later. With three bags of groceries in her arm and in a great mood, Mahogany gently kicked the door shut with her designer sandal and proceeded to the kitchen to sit them down. On her way back to lock the door, she almost lost her breath as she threw 

her hand to her mouth. Her heart pounded as if it was coming through her chest.  “What are you doing here and what's gotten into you!” She yelled with her eyes were wide as saucers. Swaying from side to side, high, dirty and disheveled, Quinn stood with angered, blood shot eyes. “H-how come you haven't answered any of m-my calls, Mahogany? I call you and call you...” Her mouth dropped unable to keep her eyes from the butcher knife he held tightly in his hand. “You're high! And why do you have a knife, Quinn! What 

the hell is wrong with you!” She shouted again. He staggered two steps forward as he clenched his teeth in anger. “You! That's what's wrong with me! You think I don't know? I tell you everything, you think for once, just once! You could stop acting like miss fucking innocent!” Trembling, she tried to reason with him. “Quinn, you're confused, honey. What did you take? What happened? Talk to me.” Without warning, he lunged knocking her to the ground as he held the knife to her throat. “You're fucking married! Living like you don't give a 

shit about anyone else but you and that low-life! How long d-did you think you were going to keep it a s-secret from me, huh!” Baffled and confused herself since she knew she didn't owe him anything, she yelled out while racking her brain on where his raw emotions were coming from. She wondered who told him all of her business. Tears began to surface as she tried desperately to get him back to a sane frame of mind. “Quinn, I'm sorry you feel this way! I didn't know you still cared, can we talk about this! I still love you, too. Please....put the knife down!” 

Without responding and spiraling deeper into a crazed state, he tossed the knife and began viciously kissing her on the lips, along her neck and chest. He palmed her breasts as if he longed to touch them again. She squirmed and fought with all of her might in order to get him off of her. “Stop it, Quinn! Stop!” Finally with everything in her, she managed to maneuver her leg to knee him in the scrotum. He yelled out in anguish while rolling over grabbing himself. “Ahhhhh! Ahhhhhh!” Quickly, she rose from the carpet, grabbed the 

knife and stood over him while out of breath speaking venomously low. “You're sick....you need help. Get out of my house. If you ever try this again, i'll drop so many charges on you, you'll never see the light of day.” For a few seconds, she watched his face grimace as he laid moaning and groaning in a fetal position. She walked to her door and opened it. “Get out.” She said without an ounce of sympathy. Pathetically rising  to his feet with his head hung low, he shuffled to leave. In a last attempt, he spoke. “I'm s-sorry, I d-didn't mean it, 

Can you help...” His words fell on deaf ears as she clenched her jaw cutting his words off. “Go.”
	Ten minutes later. Happy that he was gone, Mahogany's emotions quickly transformed into a total mess. She'd been horribly violated by two men  in a short period of time and decided she would take her ex-husband's ordeal to the grave. Walking into the area of her home where the altercation had taken place, she noticed a torn, white-lined piece of paper laying on the carpet. Her Boston address was written in red ink 

along with the words “Somber valentine". Glad that she'd always kept her home immaculate with floors vacuumed and rarely keeping company, she knew it belonged to Quinn. It wasn't his hand writing which drove her mad trying to figure who had given him this information and why he called Marvin a low-life. She sat on her couch while ruling out her parents, Leslie and Shay. She knew she could trust them with her life and that they would never betray her in a million years. Not coming up with anyone, she decided to head to the 

bedroom to rest. She walked over to the dresser and placed the torn piece of paper under one of the components in her jewelry box. Wanting to forget what happened, she took two Advil, laid down and fell asleep.










CHAPTER 5







	Three months later. Walking into her parent's beautiful, luxury, middle-class, two garage home with designer luggage in hand, Mahogany embraced her mother and father all giving 

themselves a big group hug and kisses on the cheek. It had been several months since she'd seen their faces in person. “Aye ma! Daddy! Oh, I missed you all sooo much!...kiss, kiss.” She said wrapping her arms around them. “My sunshiiiine. How are you baby? You know we've missed you. Get yourself in here.” Her mother replied while lightly patting her on the behind. “How's Boston treating my girl? It seems like you haven't been here in so long. We miss you baby girl. As long as you're in one piece, happy and smiling, that's all 

we care about.”Her father said heading toward his favorite living room chair to sit. Surrounded by her roots and where she grew up, for the moment, made any problem she ever had disappear into thin air. “I know. Mmmh....smells so good in here, ma. What are you cooking?” She added wheeling her luggage and following behind her father. She kicked off her heels and plopped on the couch. “Your favorite. Gumbo shrimp, crab cakes, Swiss cheese puffs and home-made lemon sweet Italian sausage dumplings. Tall pitcher of cold 

raspberry tea to wash it down.” Her mother answered with a smile while heading to the kitchen to check on the food. “I told your mother it's not necessary to cook so heavy all the time. Maybe you can talk some sense into her. I tried.” He said while winking and smiling at her before turning his focus back to “This Old House”. With the plastic furniture protecter crinkling, Mahogany rose from the couch and kissed her father on the cheek. “I'm not here mostly, so you have to make sure ma is taking it easy, daddy. The both of 

you, for that matter. Let me see what she has going on in there.” She said. “Alright.” He replied keeping his eyes plastered on the television. She made her way down the hall toward the kitchen as the aroma from her favorite foods got stronger. Gazing at all of her childhood pictures and achievement awards along the way forced her to realize, once again, that her parent's love was parallel to none. Her mother was stirring the gumbo as she took a seat while popping a raw baby carrot into her mouth. “Aren't you going to ask me 

where Marvin is?” She spoke to her mother's back. Dashing a sprinkle of garlic pepper in the pot while taste-testing, she answered. “We were going to wait for you to tell us what happened. We see he's not here with you.” Mahogany tried her best not to sound sad. “Oh, well he's fine. He wanted to be here, but he had to work. He told me to tell you and daddy he's sorry for not being able to make it.” “It's ok. We'll see him next time. Are things going ok? You know i'm always here when you want to talk about anything.” Her mind quickly 

fell on the dip her and Marvin's relationship had taken. He'd gotten busier and didn't seem to have much time for her lately. She answered while sighing. “No, everything's ok, ma.” “With you sighing that way, don't sound like it to me. Tell me what's wrong.” Pleased that her mother pulled it out of her, she replied. “Well, the station is still doing very well, so no issue in that area. It's just that Marvin and I haven't spent much time together lately. I don't want to think negatively, but my mind is starting to go there.” She said in an 

unsure manner. Her mother scraped a few more vegetables in the pot. “Go there, where?”  She asked. “There, as in, another woman possibly...maybe. I don't know, ma. I don't have any proof, it's just a feeling i'm getting.” “If there isn't any proof, you have to trust him, sunshine. You said he's a hard worker. You've seen the proof from that, right?” She sighed again feeling guilt for not telling her parents that she'd married him already. “Yes, from the very beginning and that didn't stop him from spending the time he spent with me. 

Now, it's become a problem. I don't want to accuse him, nag or any of that. It took me a long time to get passed what Quinn use to do to me, but now I sort of feel like those subtle red flags are starting to pop up again.” Her mother adjusted the flame to low under the gumbo pot then took a seat across from her. Her voice was calm and loving as she looked her daughter directly in the eyes. “Listen to me. Me and your father went through it too, but one thing I can say about that man is that he never dogged me, especially when you came 

along. I had the same feelings your having now, minus what Quinn took you through. A lot of women want him and sometimes you wonder what he's really doing when he's not with you. We know that some women want what they can't have. The thoughts can drive us crazy, but we have to have trust. A relationship between two people who are madly in love doesn't stay the same. It has it's phases and the honey moon period wears off sooner than you can say the words. You know this, sweetheart. When you're feeling torn like this, you have to 

put it in God's hands. Pray every night that he gives you the strength to make good decisions and put trust in your heart to be able to make it another day with the one you love, also staying focused on what you love to do. It's very important for two people to admire one another as well as maintaining being in love with each other. I'm sure that's what drew you two together to begin with. If he's not disrespecting you, putting other women in your face, making you jump through unnecessary hoops to subliminally degrade you....give 

him a chance, sunshine, before you discard him because of baggage from your last relationship. When you do that, you let the last person continue to have control over your life. I know you want to marry Marvin someday. I taught you to always be honest with yourself in order to see what the truth really is. If there isn't any concrete proof that he's cheating, hang in there, but let him know how you're feeling. Let him know his baby is feeling a tad bit neglected. With men, they won't figure it out, you have to tell them. Do it over his favorite 

meal and after a good romp in the sack.” Mahogany felt better and appreciated every word of her mother's advice as they both laughed on the last sentence. “Oh my goodness, ma! T.M.I.! Too much information!” Her mouth froze open gazing at her. “What? Too much information, my behind. Have I ever strayed away from schooling my baby with the truth? You see you're father's still sitting in the living room after thirty one years, five months, three days, two hours and forty-five minutes, right?” She tilted her head with a smile while 

rubbing one of  Mahogany's hands. Once again, they roared with laughter until their sides hurt. It was just what she needed and for the next two days, she enjoyed every moment with two people who would trade their lives for hers.







	One week later Saturday afternoon. Mahogany left the gym feeling refreshed and rejuvenated. Suddenly thinking of him, Marvin was a 

permanent fixture in her mind and wondering his whereabouts had become the same. She hopped in her car, zipped through her iPod landing on “Choosey Lover” by the Isley Brothers while starting her ignition. She turned up the volume letting the beginning instruments of the song flow through her speakers as it soothed her. She pulled down the visor mirror and began getting her make-up back to perfection when her blackberry bold vibrated in her purse. Hoping it was Marvin, she quickly turned down the volume, fished for her 

cell and answered without checking the number since it had rung several times. She spoke with a relaxed tone. “Hello.” “Hello, Mahogany? You don't know me, but woman to woman, we need to talk. We're both busy women, so this shouldn't take long.” The woman spoke with sternness not interested in playing games or being her friend. One of Mahogany's eye brows raised as she didn't recognize her voice and wondered who the mysterious woman was. She sounded pretty. Mahogany returned with the same tone. “Ok, who are you 

and what is this about?” “Who I am is irrelevant. I just thought you should know me and Marvin have been seeing each other. He told me all about you. I'm just being a woman about it and letting you know since men take too long to handle this kind of business.”  Her heart dropped into the pit of her stomach as she began to feel hurt and rage engulf her body. She made certain she didn't let the woman know what she was feeling.“Is that right? How long has this been going on?”  She asked with a neutral attitude. The woman's voice got 

nastier. “As long as you've been knowing him. We work together and we've always been friends. We're taking things to the next level and i've noticed you haven't gotten the hint. He's my man now, so I would appreciate it if you wouldn't call him anymore.” Being passed furious, Mahogany kept her composure as best as she could while aiming to get her point across. “Marvin and I are married, so whatever fantasy you have going on in your head, I suggest you see a shrink.” She said slamming her thumb on the button to 

disconnect the call. Her chest heaved up and down while seeing red from anger everywhere she looked. She turned off the ignition realizing it was impossible to drive. Wanting to get to the bottom of it, she quickly dialed Marvin's cell as she prayed to God to get her to a calm place in her mind. She held the phone to her ear listening to it ring as it seemed like an eternity. After three rings, he answered, unenthusiasticly, speaking first. “Hey, what's going on?” He asked calmly. Responding with venom, she didn't waste any time making him aware 

she was upset and unhappy. “You tell me. I received a call from one of your co-workers just a few minutes ago. She was busting out of the seams on wanting to tell me how you and her are taking things to the next level. What is that all about and how did this woman get my private number, Marvin?” Repeating the woman's words and realizing their relationship was now on a rocky path caused tears to cascade from her eyes. She trembled desperately waiting to hear an acceptable explanation. He let out a sigh not wanting to address the 

situation but knew if he didn't, it would get out of control. “I think I know who you're referring to, this woman. Babe, she's nothing more than a co-worker. Me, her and a few others have been working on a project together. We all went to lunch one afternoon, I must've sat my cell phone on the table and walked away for some reason. She's been interested in me for quite a while, but i've never been interested in her. You're the one I married. I need you to have faith in me... faith in us. I love you.” Watching a caucasian couple with 

their children and a very well- groomed poodle happily strolling by, she mustard up a smile as one of the children made eye-contact with her. Seconds passed before she answered. “How do you think getting that call was going to make me feel? I can't believe you were that careless with your phone. I'm not feeling secure, Marvin. Not living together and residing in different states doesn't help the situation.” “I know. I've been working a lot of hours lately, projects I wasn't able to say no to. They were my ideas, if I want to see them materialize 

into something lucrative, I have to stay vigilant over them. I thought you understood, babe.” “I do. It's just that you're not doing such a good job at balancing us and work. I'm sorry, but it has to be said and now getting this call?....sigh...I don't know, Marvin.” She replied securing the backs to her earrings since she didn't know what else to do. He attempted to ease the tension by being playful. “Ok, I hear you loud and clear, babe. I'm sorry for neglecting you. I'll make it up if my most beautiful, sexiest chocolate drop will allow me the 

opportunity.” She blew her breath and began slowly cracking a smile tired of being on the outs with her new husband. She answered not completely letting him off the hook. “Oh, you can make it up, but take care of the situation, Marvin. Apparently, she doesn't know who I am. I don't need anymore negative publicity or salted people making waves before my interview appearance in LA, so let her down gently.” Without strife, Marvin agreed, blew a kiss over the phone and hung up first. Still unable to shake the nasty encounter with her husband's co-

worker, she started the vehicle, glanced at the gas gauge then put the car in drive. She thought about hating being upset at him but knew she had to put her foot down. She wished they could be like they use to be when they first met. It  was a goal she was destined to reach, hopefully, not by any means necessary.


	Three days later at a national and highly respected talk show in Los Angeles, CA. “Please give a warm welcome and round of applause to the 

very beautiful! And successful! Lover of Life's radio show, Mahogany Johnson everyone!” As soon as she emerged from  the curtains, the audience went wild with thunderous claps and whistles as Mahogany elegantly walked with class while waiving at the crowd. Draped in one of the most expensive dresses, make-up and jewelry, wearing heels every woman would give their right arm for, she made her way to the sofa on stage as the host watched with pride and excitement. Her smile gleamed complimenting her newly- highlighted 

hair as her ultrarich, sheek appearance ricocheted from one bright light to the next. Sitting like a lady to get comfortable still smiling showing all teeth, she sexily ran her fingers through her hair out of nervousness. The host began the segment without hesitation as she spoke to her. “Wow, they love you.” Mahogany excitingly answered as her eyes scanned her yelling, happy fans. “Aaaww, I love you too!” She said lifting her voice. The audience roared again with one fan being heard over the rest. I love you, Mahogany! Smiling in that  

direction to single out that fan, she then turned her attention to the host ready to answer questions. The audience began to settle down eager to enjoy being blessed by her presence. “Wow, its not a secret how loved you are. Was this your first love as a child?”  “I think singing was my thing as a kid? My mother and father use to have me sing for my family at parties, either way, I had to have a mic in my hand. I knew I wanted to do something where I would be heard.” She answered with confidence while trying hard not to focus on the “on air” sign or 

any single individual in the room accept  the host. “We can see that, you do have a lovely voice. What's the best part about doing what you do?” “Reaching someone who thinks living life isn't worth it. Reaching someone who may not quite get why it's so important to treat people the way they want to be treated. Maybe that one thing I said made them decide not to take their own life that day. It makes me feel so good to know I can be of help to someone else. I know this is my true calling.” She replied digging deep to give the most suitable answer. 

“Well, you're certainly reaching people and with two million viewers watching this show today, all I can say is brace yourself.” They shared a hearty laugh while moving on to the next question. “Now, we have to mention this because inquiring minds want to know, you had a scare a while back. You were robbed at knife point at your home or something like that?” Mahogany calmly responded making sure to show the hot seat didn't bother her. She wanted to be as honest as possible with her fans without divulging critical information. “Oh wow, 

yes, that was a scary moment. Well, I can't say too much since its a pending investigation? But, I was actually leaving my station when this happened. Show was great then all of a sudden, someone decides to try and ruin my night, so yes, it was something I had to deal with, but i'm ok. Lover of Life will go on people!” She added turning toward the crowd as the fans clapped and whistled once again. “We're glad you're ok. So you have plenty of great advice for people, can we ask how your love life is doing? Is there a lucky 

someone?” Mahogany smiled and winked at the audience as she showed being in front of millions was a breeze. It was nearing the end of the segment. “I knew you were going to ask. Well, yes there is and let's just say, I couldn't be happier at this moment. God has given to me in order for me to give to others, life is great....it really is.” She said with a sparkle in her eye, quickly thinking of  Marvin, that her love-life was now far from it.


	
	One month later. “Well look who's in town, Miss big-shot lover of life. How are you, honey?” Leslie's mother hugged Mahogany at the front door like she was her daughter. “Hi Mrs. Skyler, i'm sorry for not coming over more often. It's good to see you.” She said smiling giving a modest response as she hugged her in return. “Girl, don't apologize for making a life for yourself. Sure wish some of what you have would rub off on Leslie. She's not home yet, but she will be in the next few minutes. Come in and make yourself at home.” “Ok.”
	
	 For the next fifteen minutes, Leslie's mother drilled her with questions regarding the radio show and her parents. She respectfully answered most in order to satisfy her curiosity. Needing a break, she decided to wait for Leslie in her bedroom. Entering, she was taken back by how her best friend was in her late twenties but essentially kept the room as it was when they were in their early teens. The room was filled with stuffed animals, magazine posters on the walls, childish items, ornaments and furniture. Her bed sheets and curtain 

ensemble were decorated with pictures of party balloons and hats. Quickly becoming bored and feeling nosy, she walked over to her dresser and opened the top drawer. It was stuffed with various years of cd's and vhs tapes. She smiled and shook her head thinking about all the times they'd sat in each others rooms listening to music. She opened the second which contained many kinds of paper in different sizes and colors. In the left corner, she noticed a piece of torn, white-lined paper with words written in red ink. 

She'd suddenly remembered the paper she'd found on her carpet after Quinn had left her home that day. The hand writing was identical. Shaking, her heart felt heavy as she began to read the paper connecting the dots in her mind. “Day 1 - My somber valentine - May 10th Robbery, Day 2 – My somber valentine -  Give address” She stood reading the paper unable to fathom an ounce of comprehension of why her best friend would betray her this way. Not wanting to believe it, she continued to read it over and over hoping for a new 

interpretation. It never came. Minutes later, with a plate of food in hand, Leslie walked through the bedroom door speaking with an upbeat voice. “Hey, sis! My mother....” Suddenly, she noticed Mahogany standing frozen with the paper in her hand as anger and pain was written on her face. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she spoke furiously low while looking directly into hers. “It was you. Why? What did I ever do to you to deserve this?” Annoyed, Leslie let out a sigh, gently sat the plate on her nightstand and answered. “Why are you 

going through my things? I don't go through yours when I'm at your house and what are you talking about girl? What is this it- was- you stuff?” Leslie walked toward her, snatched the paper from her hand, placed it back in the drawer and slammed it shut. Mahogany was stunned for words as it was clear her long time friend was in denial. She found it pointless to further address a situation that was out of her realm of expertise. It tore her heart to shreds, but more so, deeply saddened her that one of her closest friends needed mental 

help. Without words for a few seconds, Mahogany looked Leslie in the eyes offering pity. Then, she softly spoke. “Good-bye, Leslie.” Too upset to say another word, with dignity, she proceeded to leave the bedroom, dashed passed the living room and left, never to return again.








CHAPTER 6















	Two months later Tuesday at around 3:30pm. “Are you ever going to talk Leslie again?” Shay's voice was filled with melancholy as she softly spoke. “I don't think so. How can I, Shay? She 

tried to have me killed. She betrayed me in the worst way, I can't forgive that.” Mahogany held her cordless phone while laying on her couch looking up her Cathedral ceiling. She refused to cry for the hundredth time. “I know. I still can't believe she could be capable of something so awful. Her jealousy just went to a whole different level. See, this is what happens when you have too many voids in your life, when you don't pursue your dreams and live through other people. She's been calling me a lot more lately. I can't bring myself to talk 

to her since you told me what happened. I know there's two sides to every story, but knowing the both of you? I know you're telling me truth.” She said.  “I wish she'd told us what she was really feeling inside, ya know? If she had of asked me for a kidney, honestly? I would've given it to her. That's how much I loved her. There was no reason to be jealous. We were sisters, all of us. Now...it's like she died. I can never talk to her or trust her again.” Mahogany responded, somewhat, still in shock and trying to make sense of it. Sighing, Shay 

added wanting her best friend to see the brighter side. “She left a message and said she's in a mental hospital. Thank goodness she's getting the help she needs. If it's any consolation, i'm still here and I'll never betray what we have. It takes two lifetimes to find a genuine, loving friend who truly has your back and anyone who doesn't know this? Is a fool. You're strong and you'll get through this. There's so many people in this world and we've yet to see not even less than a quarter of them. Look at you, you're going on buying your third home 

with everything you've ever wanted. Marvin is good to you. This will come to pass, girl.” She replied. Sighing deeply as she thought about the loss of her friend and possibly loosing Marvin, Mahogany responded. “True. Shay, i'm going to get ready for work. I'll call you later, ok?” “Alright. I don't care what time it is, whenever you want to talk, call me. I love you.” “I will. Love you, too.” The women hung up and Mahogany was left to think about how the next turns of events of her life were going to unfold. Quinn had finally checked himself into 

rehab and whenever he called, she would only accept a few out of the many he placed while only extending an olive branch.

	Three months later. “Why is it so difficult for us to forgive?... And why is it difficult to forgive the people that are closest to us, when the ones who aren't... are forgiven sooner? Seems backward doesn't it? Here is my view ...the people we love the most....when they hurt us, the pain is twenty times greater. We know the world is full of 

those who work over-time to bring harm and misery to us, so we expect it...but when the very ones we trust with our lives, family, children, minds, bodies and souls...we expect them to never turn against us, never betray us and always love us with everything inside them. The ones we love most in this world are the ones we give our most deepest love to....all the while, knowing the same ones we unconditionally love with all of our hearts, are the ones we place on the back burner. Expecting them to know we love them, even when the last time 

we told them we loved them, was years and years ago. They are the ones we take for granite because we assume they will always be there for us. Never thinking in our minds that they have hearts and feelings too. We underestimate the love that is most important to us, never realizing....it could someday.... be taken away....and when this happens...it cuts so deep into our hearts that the resentment and pain is too much to bear, too devastating to forgive, we look at them and say...how could you hurt me this way? You should have known better, 

I expect this from them, but never you.....this is my take people, my attempt to make sense of something that baffles so many. The only way to gain knowledge of this concept is to have walked in the shoes of it. I want to thank everyone for tuning in to lover of life,  i'm Mahogany Johnson and may you find it in your heart to forgive someone, someday, that hurt you beyond repair. Good night.” Pulling the headphones from her head, she hit the button as she watched the “on air” sign light go out. Her emotions over-powered her causing 

tears to fall one by one staining her notebook papers. She began to cry uncontrollably as the heaviness in her heart weighed her down. Minutes later, she let out a sigh feeling better as she gathered herself while wiping her nose and eyes with the back of her hand. She found the strength to situate her office collecting her things to leave. Grabbing the last items while placing the office bag over her shoulder, her cell phone began to vibrate. She checked the number then answered with a saddened tone. “Hello.” “Can I come in? I'm at 

your office door, I didn't want to use the key and startle you. I'm right here, babe.” “Sure, It's open. I was just getting ready to walk out anyway.” She said doing her best not to sniffle to show she'd been crying. Apprehensively, Marvin slowly turned the knob and proceeded to walk in. His pleasurable, intoxicating cologne entered the room before he'd taken his first step. Without looking up to acknowledge him, she used the last minutes to make sure her office was just the way she wanted it. Her pride wouldn't let her show 

anymore concern for getting their relationship back on track. Moments later, she heard him jingle keys in the air as his deep voice and tone projected his true feelings. “I don't want to spend another night away from you. You've been patient for so long and I don't want to lose you. I love you....so...that mansion you wanted? Ours. Start planning our wedding, babe.” He said. Stopping in her tracks and finally giving him eye contact, she calmly responded with tears welling up again. “You bought the house?” She asked. Marvin smiled 

waiting for the woman he loved most in the world to show she loved him the same. Suddenly, Mahogany rushed over, wrapped her arms around his neck and began passionately kissing him with no end in sight. She cried tears of joy for the man she wanted to spend the rest of her life with. Returning the same, he held her tight while managing to get a few words out. “I'm sorry I made you sad, you're my world, I love you so much.” He said grabbing her face forcing her to look directly at him. They embraced, squeezed, hugged and kissed 

for minutes. Realizing being home was a much better place to make up, without words, Mahogany gently pulled away, walked to her desk and scribble these words:
	Leslie, visit, forgive 






















Created 12/11/2011

For inquires regarding this book or other books, please visit
Taste The Dream Publications
 www.nikidastaste.com


















I pray You Continue To Work Through Me....Thank You God







To My Beautiful Babies, Teshara and Porsha, Thank You For Giving Mama The Drive To Create 




























