                                                                          ‘ 






 Maleficent’s Return
By; Jessica G.Rabbit




© Copyright 2017 by Jessica G.Rabbit- All rights reserved.
In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate, or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in printed format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved.

Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.


Prelude
The only thing worse than someone thinking you're dead and being happy about it, is you wishing for the exact same thing. Maleficent’s unconscious mind kept replaying the disastrous events that had unfolded in the days past. It felt as if time had stood still in the dank and dark cave her loyal crow subjects had flown her to for refuge, and now her unexpected slumber had become her own personal hell. The overzealous, and outrageously chivalrous, Prince had assisted those damn fairies to setting her castle on fire, after assuming he had slain her while she had been in dragon form. She hadn't been expecting such gallantry from the Prince or such true love and sincerity. It was such powerful, yet simple magic. One she had overlooked and seriously underestimated, and because she had, it sealed her epic failure. There had been so many before him professing their love and devotion to the sleeping Princess. Oh, how She had relished in delight at their many amusing demises, as well as the good King Philip's woe, and his once beautiful Queen’s grief at losing their daughter to a sleeping curse. It gave her great joy and pleasure to see the man who had ruined her youth so broken and defeated by her own hands. She had almost taken the one thing that meant the world to him away and for a moment she had thought her plan had worked perfectly. She had not suspected that a boy no more than twenty summers, wielding only a sword and shield, along with a single kiss would be her and her magic’s undoing, but it had been. Her body had been turned back into its human form naked,burned, and battered. The pain of the transformation was too much for her to bear, rendering her unconscious. She didn’t recall the swarm of crows who came to her rescue and quickly flew her here.
Her plan now thwarted, she lay sleeping, hoping her dreams would allude to her the errors she had made, not just with this damned curse, but in her life. Unfortunately, they did not.  It just kept showing her the pain and anguish she had endured to become who she had become. The Prince’s blade had burned her when it sliced through her underbelly, but the pain paled in comparison to losing to a King who had murdered the love of her life in cold bold. A King who couldn’t lead his Kingdom. This was the time when she felt the world seemed unjust and unfair. He would continue to be blessed, highly favored and prosper, while she became the other enemy. A wicked witch that lived on Dragon rock, now defeated by the same man who started it. She had fought back her hardest, but it just wasn’t good enough. Yes, she wanted nothing more to do with revenge or curses, or life for that matter, because it never seem to work in her favor. She wanted to sleep, and wanted the world to forget the woman who had made the King’s daughter a legend…




Prologue
Present Day... Small Town  Somewhere in North America…

The thick, black smoke seemed to form out of thin air. Billowing and moving slowly over the small town. Blanketing it in its dark, magical doom. Flores, now Queen of Fairies and Fae, had been watching the spell unfold. She had been standing above the dell beside the road that led down to it. A small town that was nestled in a scenic and lush valley. 
Flores admired the quaint beauty of it, even as she watched it being devoured by the evil cloud. Her gift of premonition had led her here without warning. Mind you, She had been driving home from a trip that had been over one hundred miles away from this location, and in the opposite direction of where she had to drive to get home. When she finally arrived she immediately got out of her car and stood where she was now, overlooking the valley. Looking for any sign as to why she was here. Then it came to her. Hitting her like someone had just punched her in her gut. The knots in her stomach tightened,and she suddenly felt ill, and just as soon as she had felt unwell she became herself again. She knew that was her body’s way of warning her of the doom that was to follow. Moments later it began. She gasped in disbelief at the magic she saw being unleashed before her very eyes.
 She had only ever seen this particular spell one other time in her life, and that had been a very, very long time ago. She had been just another young Fairy then, and not the Queen that she was today. That time had become so legendary that they turned it into a bedtime story to appease the humans fear, but never allow the Fae to forget the horror that was done because of one wicked witch. The story was called ‘Sleeping Beauty,’ and although the story was true, some characters had been changed. For instance, they were Fairies, but they were not old ladies, or pint-sized as the story would have us believe . They were petite, no more than five feet four inches tall. Each one looked no more than seventeen,with white hair.
 Flores' hair was white with hot pink ends. She loved to wear it in a braid crown. She was slender, with dimples that made her look sweet. She loved living in the Anno Domini Century (21st Century to mortals). It was such a carefree fast evolving era. She was happy that they no longer had to hide. Her sisters, herself and her Fairy Kin could be themselves after all of these centuries. when Fairies come of age and gain their magical powers the tips of their white hair turn a different color. That color symbolizes and embodies their magical properties. In this era every human around the world had pink, or, red, or green colored hair. The fashion of this time was not to her liking however. She preferred wearing vintage, elegant clothing. Long, flowy gowns were her favorite.
Her sisters Fauna and Mary were all unique in their styling choices as well. Fauna was slightly thinner than Flores, and was considered classically beautiful. Her hair was shoulder length and white as well. Her ends were dark green. She enjoyed the casual fashion humans wore nowadays. Her style was more bohemian. Jeans were her absolute favorite; last, but certainly not least was Mary. She was voluptuous, and charming by anyone’s standards. Her full, perfectly shaped figure and sweet girl appeal seemed to only make her more attractive to humans, specifically men. She enjoyed the attention and her pencil skirts and deep plunging bodysuits only add fire to the flames. She loved it, but knew her main focus and responsibilities would always be her sisters, and assisting them in protecting the world. Her hair was also white like both of her sisters, but she wore hers styled in a bob with navy blue ends.  All three had been blessed with unbelievable magical capabilities. They had accomplished so much within the last five centuries, aside from breaking Maleficent’s sleeping curse.
 In 1912 they officially established The International Fairy Association. A secret intergovernmental organization that promoted international Fae co-operation and Aide. Flores had been the head of it all and her sisters had been right beside her helping. Their loyalty never wavered. She needed them now, and just as she had thought of them she saw her sisters materialize and walk towards her.
“Oh, dear  sister! It seems we’ve come just in the knick of time." Fauna said.
“This reminds me of Maleficent’s magic,” Mary observed worry furrowing her smooth brow.
 Mary was right. It was Maleficent’s spell, but how was it her? If they didn’t do something about it now those people would be cursed. 
“Yes ! We have to do something before it's too late. We must soften the spell.” Flores said, not taking her eyes off of the event unfolding below.
“Like we did with the lovely Princess.” Fauna recounted.
“Yes, Fauna, exactly like we did with the Princess.” Flores agreed.
Each sister pulled out their wand without saying a word to the other and extended them towards the swirling dark clouds.
Mary spoke the words as she had for the baby so long ago.
“Poor townspeople who have fallen under this wicked trick, where only from the ancient spindle ashes have your soul's felt this prick. A ray of hope shines on this, the gift we give to you all, not in death, but just in sleep the fateful prophecy you all will keep and from this slumber you shall wake to find that true love prevails once again...”
Flashes of blue, pink and green magic surged from each of their wands down throughout the valley, across the black smoke, melting into it, neutralizing and dissipating it while sealing the curse within the perimeters of the town. Protecting and camouflaging the people.

It would hold, but not forever Flores thought. They had to find a way to resolve this fast. There was only one way to stop this. She never thought it would ever be a consideration. They would have to awaken Maleficent. Contrary to popular belief, Maleficent was not dead, as the story would have people believe. She had been sleeping. Flores had known all along. She and Mary had never cared for her evil and wicked ways. Fauna, however, was a different Fairy in that regard. It was in her nature to feel empathy for any and all living things. Flores thought it was an endearing and frustrating trait.
“Sister, we need you to find her and awaken her. Get her to help us.” Flores implored Fauna.
“Find her? You mean the stories are true? She is still alive after all this time and you want to Awaken her? Sister how can you be so sure she will want to help us after all we’ve done...did to her?” Fauna asked. “and why am I to go alone?” She huffed. 
She wasn’t really upset about going alone. She just didn’t like facing darkness alone. She would have thought after all the centuries that had passed she could manage doing this task on her own, and enjoy the solitude, but that was not the case.
 They stood atop the valley and saw that their magic had paused the spell and camouflaged the town.They made their descent into the valley. Since no one would be awake they knew it was safe to use magic. They used their wings and flew down to the town. It was a great feeling to be in their full Fairy form, and much faster than driving Flores’ car. They found themselves on the main street in the center of the town in no time. As they hovered they noticed every single person was asleep. They looked like corpses, all strangely strewn about. The silence was eerie. Paper danced freely in the wind. Flores noticed  a woman that had been walking halfway across the street with her child, who was in a red stroller. The woman had fallen beside the stroller, and the baby resembled a sleeping porcelain doll. Her heart felt heavy at that sight. Who would want to kill these poor innocent people? She had promised herself long ago she would never have to see this atrocity again, but here it was for the second time in her life. They fluttered on, and it all seemed so eerie and strange. They all had one distinct trait. No breath and their lips were cherry red. 
Sadness and dread seemed to overwhelm the three Fairies. 
They had dealt with this sort of magic once before and they would do it again, Flores thought. 
Fauna knew then and there she had to be the one to find Maleficent’s slumbering place.
 Mary knew in that moment that even though it looked bad there was always hope, so long as they worked together for the good of mankind. 
 The last thing they saw before they flew away was a young couple. Even while cursed they could see the love they shared for one another. The woman’s  head was laying on the man’s shoulder. Her sleeping expression was one of contentment. The man held her hand inside of his while his chin rested slightly on the top of her head. their unnatural slumber showed how much they loved one another. It was beautiful, sad, and romantic. 
Without any words all three flew away knowing they were once again in the presence of one of mankind's worst curses …

I
Mt. Draco Cubicle- Present Day

“Are you sure we are in the right cave ?” Jermaine asked Fauna, the green fairy, as he followed behind her closely, watching as she nimbly walked through the dark, rocky, narrow cave entrance, while using her wand’s bright green light as her lantern.
Jermaine had been assigned to her six years ago, as her personal bodyguard. Fauna had always been busy  to him on different botany and horticulture treks, but they had never had to travel this far. To Jermaine it felt like they had traveled to the end of the world. He hated to admit it, but he was anxious . When the Queen had initially told him that this excursion was different. He would be escorting and protecting her sister from the great and powerful Maleficent. He had been astounded, and shocked that the powerful witch had not been a mere story and was still alive. It took everything in him not to ask to be reassigned. He had never met. Much less fought a dragon, and didn’t think he would be up to the challenge. He was quite happy reporting boring news to Queen Flores, who  insisted that Fauna wake her, and that he go with her. He had been protecting her all this time.  Jermaine trusted his Queen’s judgement. He just wished he knew all of the particular details to this mission.
“Oh J, stop being such a scaredy cat. She is asleep.” Fauna said with a smile in her voice. She thought her bodyguard's fear was silly.
“And why are we waking her again, Your Majesty?” He inquired, hoping she would tell him what her sister had not. 
“Because someone has found a way to use her curse.”
Jermaine hadn’t known it was this serious.
“Why haven’t you told the others?”
“Because my sister thinks the council won’t listen to reason. She fears by the time we do convince them it will be too late, and by then we will have a national emergency on our hands.” 
They walked on.
“How do you know she is in here?”
“Because I used a locator spell from this.” With her free hand she pulled out a small, silver looking glass from the left back pocket of the khaki pants she wore. “This was hers.”
“Once you wake her what will she be able to do to help?”
“Hopefully she will be able to stop it. Or at least tell us how to.”
“Maleficent ? The witch who can turn into a large, fire breathing dragon, Maleficent? The one who swore to kill all three of you…” he trailed off when he saw that she was smiling at him.
She laughed. 
Her laugh always seemed to make him feel as if he were in the middle of a fresh green meadow in springtime. They walked on. It was dark and cold. It smelled dank and stagnate.  Fauna could feel Maleficent’s presence. She kept walking onward. Jermaine was too scared to move. Fauna noticed, stopped walking, and commented.
“Are you coming or not?”
“I…” He stammered.
“Suit yourself.” Fauna said as she walked further into the darkness of the cave.
 Having hundreds of years to reflect on Maleficent and how they had treated her. She realized maybe they had been too harsh and judgemental of her all those centuries ago.Their parents had always told them to be kind to all creatures and to never judge, but they all had. They had been frightened of what she had become, and the dark power she had possessed. They had all been so caught up in her evil transformation that they couldn’t remember the once kind and beautiful girl she had been. Now, they were all living in a world where magic was technology. People from all backgrounds and all walks of life were able to work and coexist together for a common good. They had to do this not just so Maleficent could redeem herself, but so they could as well. Flores,Mary, and Fauna had always been beautiful, kind and blessed. They had never been through the things Maleficent had as a young girl, and very few knew about that dark period. The ground crunched softly under her boots as she moved further still into the belly of the cave until she saw her. 
She had been placed on a high stone slab altar in the center of the cave. A warm, glowing, green light shined down on her naked and scarred body. Seeing her in this fragile unconscious state made Fauna’s heart ache for her. They had done all of this to her. For what? In the end King Philip trusted no one and  became mad with power. He began killing all witches and magical creatures. Only sparing her and her sisters’ lives as repayment for their services to the Crown. 
 She took a deep steadying breath and willed her legs to move closer at a cautious pace. With each step she took her wand glowed brighter and brighter. Validating what her eyes saw in front of her. This was maleficent. She placed her hand on her scarred cheek. Her skin was cool to the touch. Fauna hoped the magic she had brought along with her would be strong enough to awaken her. 
She really had been a beauty, Fauna admitted to herself as she stared down at her motionless body.
“Is this...”
Jermaine’s unexpected question gave her a little startle, as he took his place beside her.
“She’s…”
“Naked.” Fauna finished for him.
He nodded and then turned around quickly. He wasn’t quick enough however. Fauna saw the blush on his face.
“She looks so…”
“Dead,” she furnished for him, and once again he nodded in agreement.
“What happened here?” He wondered aloud while looking around.
“I don’t really know. Everyone assumed she had died once the Prince had defeated her with the sword of truth and the shield of destiny Flores gave him, but as you can see... Oh wait, that’s right you can’t see.” She laughed.
He didn’t. He was feeling quite embarrassed, and really didn't like being teased by the woman who had been secretly setting his blood on fire with desire for months now. He wanted to turn around, pull her close and kiss her to get her to stop laughing. Instead he just gave her a stony faced expression, letting her know he wasn’t pleased with her teasing. She caught the hint and ceased her laughter.
“Sorry.” She said, still smiling
“It’s quite alright, Your Highness. Will you be able to wake her?”
“Yes,” she said simply. Even though she had just been asking herself that very same question.
Jermaine had no doubt that she could. Out of the trinity of sisters Jermaine felt that Fauna was the most underestimated. He saw her not only as beautiful, but smart,independent, caring, and wise. He could  never let her know. Those lines couldn’t be blurred. He had to maintain a cool head and remember his place. Still he ached for her in silence and he was strangely thrilled to be here with her. He watched as she reached into her tan leather satchel and pulled out a small crystal jar. She opened the container and with the tip of her pinky finger removed the shiny substance and rubbed it gently on the still beings lips. When that was done she took up her wand and recited the words.
“From your slumber I summon thee. Awaken and be renewed from thy ancient sleep.”
Nothing happened. 
She looked down and noticed the stone Maleficent slept upon was made of black and white agate. A stone slab by this size and proportion would have protection properties that would be able to neutralize the spell she had chanted. She had to try something stronger. She reached back into her satchel, located her red leather spell book, and thumbed through it. 
“Ah, there it is.” She said to herself, then tucked it back into her satchel. She straightened her shoulders, lifted her wand, and began again.
“Where dreams have took you, come back to where they come true. Awaken to a new inner light, upon this day that burns so bright, and if you should ever wish on stars above, I pray that you will awaken to find true love.”
There was a loud rumble. Green mist and light filled the cavern. A purple flame quickly surrounded her motionless body. Fauna and Jermaine reacted quickly, and took a few steps back. The spell she chose was one of her own. A powerful awakening spell. 
Maleficent’s body slowly began to levitate off of the stone slab. The light grew brighter and brighter until it was so bright they had to cover their eyes. Strong winds whipped around the room, and Fauna’s hair flew back behind her face. There was  a loud bursting sound, and then everything went pitch black. She felt Jermaine take her by the hand. 
He had never witnessed magic so powerful, and she wished she could apologize for scaring him. There was a soft green, fluorescent glow coming off of Maleficent’s body now. Fauna stood over her once more. She couldn’t remember Maleficent ever looking so peaceful. The glow began to evaporate, and Fauna was able to see her. The woman who had almost destroyed an entire Kingdom. She was no longer burned. Her skin was smooth and appeared sun kissed. Her cheeks were rosy and warm with color. Her hair was no longer gone. It was long, full, and a lustrous chestnut brown color. She looked nothing like what Fauna remembered, or had just seen. This was Maleficent at her purest form, before she was Maleficent. What had she done?
Maleficent's eyes opened. Her purple irises changed to brown with golden flecks. Her hand was around Fauna’s wrist. Fauna took a step back at the sudden movement. Her grip wasn’t painful, just strong, and it stopped her. Fauna could tell she was still in an incoherent state when she saw her eyes finally focus on her face. She let her wrist go...


***
 Maleficent had been dreaming she was winning. She had the Prince cornered and was about to change into her dragon form and burn him to cinders when she abruptly felt a strong vibration resonate throughout her body and touch her within her aura. She felt the Jolts of electricity shoot through her. She was no longer cornering the Prince. She was falling. She felt helpless and unsure. An emotion she was quite unaccustomed to feeling. Her heart rate increased as the earth got closer and closer with every second.  She began to close her eyes and brace herself for the impact of the fall, but she was, instead engulfed  by a warm, bright, white light. 
She opened her eyes to find a sweet looking young girl standing over her looking at her. She had unconsciously  grabbed the girl's forearm, but couldn’t recall when she had actually done it and deduced it had happened while she had been falling in her sleep. She let go of her and sat up on the cold slab of stone that had been her resting place for over five hundred years. The silver torches that surrounded the cave had been dormant, but now that she was awake they burned bright.
 Fauna watched as she jumped in surprise at the sound of the flames coming to life simultaneously and looked back at her. She could see the worry in her eyes and wondered why. Her face was familiar to her but she couldn’t seem to place it, and then pieces of it came to her. This was her refuge after her monstrous defeat. A defeat she couldn’t seem to recall. This girl before her was Fae. One that seemed partial to her. She saw it in her emerald green eyes. The genuine compassion. She looked down at herself and noticed she wasn't wearing any clothes. Her long chestnut hair covered her breasts, and a thin, black, loincloth draped over the juncture between her thighs. She also noticed there was someone else standing by the opening of the cave. He seemed afraid and she wondered why. 
“I’m Fauna.” The girl said.
“Fa-una.” She repeated. Her voice sounding like a dry whisper. “Please... help.” She heard herself saying. She didn’t recognize her own voice. 
Fauna helped her continue to stand. Her legs felt unsteady but she still tried. She looked at them both. The male was averting his gaze from her and the girl was blushing profusely. 
“You’re naked,” commented the girl.
She looked down at her thin body.
“Induere vestimentis !” Fauna said and Maleficent was dressed in the current style in fashion, which was jeans, a white t-shirt, and hiking boots similar to Fauna’s, along with a black leather jacket. “Ah, that’s much better. J, you can look now.”
Jermaine exhaled and looked in their direction.
“Thank you.” He said.
She reached into her satchel and retrieved a bottled water. She unscrewed the cap and gave the bottle to Maleficent, who drank it hungrily. She coughed and sputtered. Fauna patted her back, and when that was done she took the water bottle from her hands.
“Why?” She asked, trying to clear her throat. “Why am I alive?” 
Fauna was quiet for a long moment. She was going to have to explain some things to her. Now was not the time 
“We need your help.”
Maleficent laughed a empty, callous laugh. She didn’t know where it came from. Something inside of her was telling her that this sweet girl that was helping her now deserved everything that was coming her way. She tried to shake the thought but it wouldn’t. It grew louder and louder in her mind and she didn’t know how to control it. 
She closed her eyes tight and yelled “Silence !”  The dark voice inside of her was gone.
 Her voice reverberated through the cave. 
There was the Maleficent Fauna had known, Fauna thought. The Maleficent everyone had grown to fear and despise. It didn't frighten Fauna one bit however. She had always been kind to her, even when others had thought otherwise. She had known Maleficent before her revenge of the King had blackened her heart and turned her deadly. She had been kind,caring and joyfully beautiful, like she was now.
Fauna could tell she was in some sort of inner battle. She had to get her to Flores immediately so she could assist her. Maleficent felt unsteady against Fauna’s small frame. She saw Jermaine come to Fauna’s aid and assisted with the now clothed Maleficent, giving Fauna room to lead them out of the cave.
“Who?” Maleficent asked looking back and forth between them. 
“We are here to help you. I’m Fauna, and that gentle Fairy helping you is Jermaine. He is a friend, and my bodyguard.”
Her words seemed to sink in and she saw the recognition of what she said in Maleficent’s eyes. 
“Who am  I?” She asked quietly. Her golden brown eyes looking up at her searching. She was not the woman Fauna had remembered, and deduced it was probably from the awakening spell she had used. It would take time. But how much? They didn't ’t have much left. They were gently stepping down from the stone slab and walking towards the exit. Fauna stopped and looked at the woman that was once considered the most powerful, wicked, and evil Queen of them all.The Mistress of Evil. She was a innocent, young girl now. This wasn’t the right Maleficent. What would Flores say? And how would they fix this? The world’s fate seemed to lay in the hands of someone who had no idea how powerful they were...

II
Faunas  home 
Flores had thought her sister had been exaggerating about Maleficent's peculiar state,and the urgency in which she needed her here, but looking at this fresh faced young woman who sat on the bed before her, Flores realized she hadn’t.  This girl looked sweet and kind, nothing like what she recalled the wicked witch being. 
“What spell did you say you used?” She asked her sister Fauna, as she slowly circled the girl. 
“It was an awakening spell. One of my own.” 
“You were not to use your own spell unless it was an emergency.” Her tone was clipped.
She was annoyed.
“Well I thought this was an emergency, seeing as the damned spell you gave me didn’t work.”
“Fauna! Language, please!” Flores hated the use of swear words in her presence.It seemed with time swearing was the thing to do. As Queen of Fairies she knew she could never lower herself to those type of standards. She continued, “Now,What do you mean it didn’t work? All my spells work. And don’t swear!”
“Oh, alright!  I’m telling you it did not. I had to use my spell and now her mind's being ripped to shreds. You have to help me fix this before she goes insane.” 
Flores saw the sympathy in Fauna’s eyes and couldn’t understand why she herself could feel nothing for young Maleficent. If only to appease her sister she walked back over to the bed to further examine the girl. Maleficent lay curled up in the fetal position with her hands pressed hard against her ears. She was in tears, slowly rocking back and forth. Flores sat down on the bed and gently touched Maleficent’s shoulder. Magic rushed through her body and showed her Maleficent’s dreams, nightmares and past, and in a flash it was gone. Maleficent must have felt it too. She stopped rocking and looked at Flores.  There was recognition in her eyes in that moment  and she spoke.
“You.” Maleficent hissed. “You trapped me in that cave hoping to never see my face again, but I will be freed and I will stop at nothing to destroy you!”
 She cackled low sending chills up Flores spine. That was the Maleficent she was familiar with. She watched as the girl's breath became labored and her body fell limp on the bed. She was unconscious. 
Flores gave Fauna a disapproving look.
“What did I do?” She asked no one in particular.
“I have no idea, and I think that is the point. I told you to use the spell I gave you, and what did you do? You just had to use a stronger spell.”
“I told you sister, I used the spell you told me to. When it failed I used the one in the book.”
“My spells never fail.”
“And I never lie.”
They glared at one another. 
They both turned their attention to the living room when they both heard the knocking on Fauna’s door. Fauna answered it. It was Mary. She smiled at Fauna.  She could feel the palpable tension between her sisters. She knew Flores was giving Fauna a hard time. That seemed to be the nature of their relationship since they had been young. Mary stayed out of it because she loved them both dearly. Flores could be too rigid. They trusted her to be their leader but they needed her to trust them to use their better judgment. They both thought that over the decades their sister would mellow out and delegate more responsibility to them and loosen the reigns of running the Fae but it seemed with more time she continued to hoard the power and become more rigid in her way of thinking. She wanted absolute perfection at all times from everyone around her and that unrealistic notion was slowly turning their big sister into someone they didn’t know. Mary could recall a time when she and her sisters had once been so carefree using their magic for fun. Now it seemed like they only used it when it was necessary, and that had started to grow fewer and fewer by the decades. 
She had drove back to the small town and still the people slept. The binding cloaking spell they used seemed to still be holding up. She had been told by Flores that was her daily task, to check on the town. She didn’t mind. 
“Hello sister.” Mary said and gently hugged Fauna. 
They hadn’t seen each other since the curse had been cast. 
“Hello.” 
Before she could say anything else, Flores was once more her commanding self and giving orders from the bedroom.
“Mary come quickly. Tell me the news.”
“Sister there is none to tell. The status of the spell is still the same. There is no change.”
“Not yet anyway” Flores added as she paced the floor at the foot of the bed. 
Fauna rolled her eyes. Sometimes she couldn’t stand how her sister had to always be annoyingly right. 
“How long do you think we have?” Mary asked. 
“I would say a week and a half at most.”
Mary looked to the bed and saw the beautiful girl sleeping in it.
“Who is this?” she asked 
“It’s her.” Flores said, not wanting to say her name anymore than she had to.
“You mean that’s …” Mary trailed off.
“Yes, that’s Maleficent.” Fauna finished for them both, causing them to look at her and roll their eyes. She smirked at her sister’s as she leaned against the doorframe of her bedroom. 
“What’s wrong with her?” Mary asked.
“She has no magic.” Flores furnished. 
Fauna walked over to where they stood.
“Why?”
“I gave the Prince the sword of Destiny and the shield of Truth. When he used it on her it removed the darkness from within her and all her dark powers. Any darkness in her would have been vanquished. Not to mention our lovely sister here used one of the most powerful awakening spells. All magic leaves traces. I was hoping that there would be some remnants of it left. Maybe there still is. I’m not altogether sure.”
She thought back to what Maleficent had said to her before she went unconscious.
“So what do you suggest we do?” Mary asked
“We have no choice but to wait. And if she cannot remember who she is we will make her.”
Fauna and Mary didn’t know if they liked the sound of that. Dabbling with dark magic or any magic that wasn’t their own always came with a price... 

III

Maleficent was unconscious for another day but awoke with a demure,yet curious disposition. Fauna was enjoying this new Maleficent, who was quiet, but able to smile and show her emotions. She was so transparent, and innocent. Who would have known their social interaction would be delightful. Since Flores had taken up her position as Queen of Fae Fauna had felt isolated from her sister. She knew her sister loved her and had a responsibility to the Crown first and foremost. Being Queen was no walk in the park. The duty would always come before her and Mary’s needs and desires. It hadn't taken her sister long after becoming Queen to understand that, but it took a century for Fauna to get accustomed to that fact, she had, or at least she liked to think she had. It seemed her sister trusted Mary and her council more than her. She shook off her feelings of self doubt and watched as Maleficent touched and played with all the light fixtures in her home. She was in awe of dimming and un-dimming the lights in the living room. She reminded Fauna of a child learning about their new surroundings.
She dreaded having to discuss Maleficent’s life and who she was now, as opposed to who she had been and the life she had lived  four hundred years ago. 
“My sisters are coming over today. Hopefully we come up with a solution to this problem.” She said from across the room.
“What problem?” Maleficent asked still playing with the light switch in the Living Room.
“You.” Fauna stated simply.
“Me?” She stopped messing with the switch when she spoke.
“Yes, well, you aren’t you.” Fauna rushed on as to try not to alarm her.
“I’m not?” She asked the question so innocently it caught Fauna off guard, and she wished then she had worded her meaning differently.
“No, But you will be.” She smiled brightly. Trying to reassure her.
Maleficent had no idea what this girl was talking about as she went on to explain who she was supposed to be. She just smiled back at her and listened intently, because it seemed like the polite thing to do. The truth was that with each story she told to her she started feeling overwhelmed, and out of place. She had had no expectations when she awoke, and now it would seem everyone else did. The world was so very different. It was fast paced and more advanced than she could have ever dreamed of. She could barely remember what it was like to be alive in her day and time. Everytime she tried to recall something it felt foggy, and far away, like a distant memory trapped behind a foggy mirror. She was bombarded with new sounds and images and she just wanted to feel normal, but she had no idea what that was. From what this cute young white and green haired Fairy had been telling her she was not and had never been ‘normal’. She had been one of the most  wicked Queens in history. A title she no longer thought fit her at this moment. She had gazed at herself into the mirror that hung above Fauna’s cream couch. She saw no sign of a ‘wicked person’ or ‘Queen.’ She just saw a scared young woman with clear brown eyes. Her life was starting over again and only time would tell if these Fairies were on her side or just using her for whatever they had planned. 
She didn’t know if she could tell the girl about the female voice deep inside of her head that had been growing louder and telling her to do wicked hideous things the entire day today. She felt like she was battling with her own will. She would smile at Fauna and the voice would tell her she was a smiling idiot with half of a brain. When she had played a game of Chutes & Ladders with Fauna the voice in her mind encouraged her to cheat and to cause bodily harm if she didn’t win. It was all so strange. She felt like someone was trapped inside of her trying to get out. Someone the world may not be ready to see...
****
A few hours later both Maleficent and Fauna were driving over to Flores’ home, and Fae Headquarters. Flores had called her hours ago and explained she wanted her to bring Maleficent to her. Fauna thought she detected fear in her sister's voice but shrugged the idea off. Flores was the most confident, and fearless Fairy she knew.  Other fairies and Fae admired her steel nerves, and one reason she had been crowned Queen. She wouldn’t resort to hurting Maleficent Fauna deduced. They needed her alive. They rounded the corner of the street in her eco-friendly vehicle and arrived at the Manor. It reminded Maleficent of a miniature castle. It’s setting was lush, green woods. 
“Where are we ?”Maleficent asked timidly.
“My sister’s, and Fae Headquarters.” Fauna answered.
“Why? I thought you said she was coming to see us.” 
“Well, Yes I did say that, but plans have changed. She wanted you to visit her here. You will love it.”
It's a trap!  The voice in her head screamed. 
She ignored the voice and spoke. “Will I ?” 
No you won’t! The voice chimed in. 
She took a steadying breath so she could concentrate on Fauna’s next answer.
“Yes, of course. You don’t remember meeting them, but you have. When we brought you to my home. You weren’t feeling well. We do want to help you be you again. Don’t worry she won't hurt you. I won’t let her.”
“Promise?”  Maleficent asked, like they were children keeping a secret from their parents.
She sighed. She didn't hear the voice.
“Promise.”  Fauna replied. “Now, let’s be good guests and get out and make proper introductions.”
She smiled at Maleficent and Maleficent smiled back.
Fauna couldn’t remember when she had seen maleficent smile without malice,she thought she looked lovely. 
The royal valets opened both their doors. They got out of the vehicle and went inside of the sprawling home.
 Once again Maleficent was impressed at the natural, regal beauty the sprawling manor provided. It was a miniature palace, and It was abuzz with people working. They all nodded and bowed at Fauna. 
“Why are they bowing at us?” Maleficent asked.
“I’m the sister of the Queen of Fae, so that makes me kind of  a Princess.”  Fauna giggled.
Maleficent smiled. 
They walked up the grand staircase. 
Maleficent marveled at the art on the wall, which were different depictions of Fairies in epic battles, or epic love stories. 
Fauna noticed her admiration.
“I see you like Her Majesty’s art collection. She has a thing for melodrama.” 
They walked on until they made a left turn. To their right was a golden door that a woman was standing beside. She smiled at Fauna and immediately opened the door, and announced her.
“Your Majesty, Princess Fauna.”
“Please send her in.”Fauna heard her sister say.
She waited for the woman to nod and when that was done they walked into the room.
 Flores was sitting behind a large mahogany desk signing papers. Fauna hated that she worked so much. She put the quill down, pushed her chair back, stood up  and walked over to Fauna. Fauna noticed Mary was there as well, sitting on the sofa in the far right. When they made eye contact Mary smiled and waved at her. 
Fauna couldn’t help but to smile back and wave at her cute little sister. 
Today, Flores was in all her Queen Fairy splendor wearing her crown made of pink sapphires, and matching jewelry. She wore a simple black dress with black heels and stockings. She was a beautiful Fairy Queen. 
“Hello sister.” Flores oozed, “ You're looking well. I see she hasn't killed you yet.” She said as her trained gaze went from Fauna and then to Maleficent, and then back to Fauna.
“What are you talking about? She is completely harmless.” Fauna tried to mask her annoyance at her sister’s haughty tone.
Flores said nothing.
Mary looked away.
Flores turned and finally acknowledged Maleficent’s presence.
Maleficent felt like the impeccably dressed girl wearing the sparkly crown was judging her harshly for someone she had only met while she had been asleep. Her smile looked genuine and sweet but her eyes held a cold gleam that told her she didn’t like her.
“Maleficent?” She looked at Fauna for a response.
Fauna nodded her head ‘yes’. She looked back at Maleficent.
“Welcome.” She continued. “ I’m sure my sister has put you up to speed on the situation we are dealing with.”
She stared blankly at the Queen. Not having a clue as to what she was talking about.
“Flores...I mean Your Majesty?” Fauna Interjected.
“What?” She commanded.
“We didn’t get that far.” Fauna explained sheepishly.
“Didn’t get that far?” Flores repeated the words as if they were foreign to her ears. 
“Yes.” Fauna agreed.
There was a long pregnant silence as Flores circled the two women before speaking again.
“Mary, darling, will you see to it that Mrs. Pennyworth shows our guest to the green chamber?” 
Mary stood up, gave a small curtsy and walked over to Maleficent.
Maleficent noticed this girl had a short hairstyle that was white with blue ends. She was very pretty as well. She smiled at her, and Maleficent couldn’t help but smile back at the sweet faced girl. 
“Follow me, please. I’m sure you won’t want to be apart of what will be said next.” She joked and  took her by the hand, while escorting her out of the room.
When the door shut behind them Flores spoke.
“What in blazes is wrong with you?”
“Wrong with me? Nothing. I did what you asked of me.” Fauna defended herself.
“No! You did not! You've managed to set us back, yet again!” Flores’ tone was no nonsense and very cold. Fauna felt her sister’s condemnation.
“How? I told her about the past, who she use to be, and I told her about the present just as we had agreed upon. She doesn’t remember! I cannot do anything about that.”
“You didn’t tell her that she is the only one who can help us stop this curse! You didn’t tell her that mortal lives are depending on her! Useless.” She muttered the last word.
“I am not useless!” Fauna exclaimed.
“Are you certain of that? Every task I have given you you have managed to screw it up. I tell you to fetch her body, you awaken her and change her into a useless sniveling mortal. I tell you to teach her what she is to know, and she is still an empty vessel. Are the tasks I am giving you too hard?”
 Fauna immediately shook her head ‘no’.
“Then what pray tell is causing you to stray from them? We don’t have time for this. We’ve already wasted 48 hours.”
Fauna had thought she was doing a great job with every task her sister had drolled out to her, but listening to her sister recant them in such a negative light it didn’t sound like she was. It sounded like she was sabotaging their efforts to fix the mess they were in. Her sister could seem so cold and unbending when it came to her high expectations and carrying out the duties and responsibilities she had bestowed on her. Sometimes she didn't recognize her sister. The Crown had changed her.
“I’m sorry,” was all she could think to say. She didn’t want to waste any more valuable time arguing. She wanted this meeting over with, but first, she had to know what her sister's plans were. “I promised her you wouldn’t hurt her. That we wouldn’t hurt her. Please don’t make me a liar, Your Majesty.”
That remark turned her sister’s smile into a thin line.
“Why on earth would you promise her that? You know as well as I that the council will not let her live after she has finished helping us. By ending her life for good we are simply finishing the job we were suppose to carry out so long ago.”
“Sister!  We’re not  murders. Flores how could you? Don’t you care?”
“Sister, did you forget what we lost because of her and that dreadful curse? She use to get a thrill at picking the wings off of the pixies just because she could. That woman destroyed everything she touched. I have no remorse for Maleficent, no matter how changed she may seem. Underneath she is still that wicked demon that tried to destroy us all those years ago, and if we let her, she would try to do it again.”
“Stop! Stop talking like this! Who are you?” She was about to walk away when her sister grabbed her forearm and held her still.
“Sister, you forget, I am Queen, and I did not dismiss you. This conversation is over when I say it is.” Fauna looked from her hand that held her and back up to meet her sister’s icy gaze. “Don’t forget your place little sister.” Seconds later she let her arm go. “You may leave.” She said coldly.
Fauna nodded, took three steps back then turned and walked out of the room. Her sister had asked her if she knew what they had lost because of Maleficent. As if to say they hadn’t endured those long dark years together. They had lost many friends and family, but time had been kind to them, and because of the ‘defeat’ of Maleficent they had lived a very rich life. Yes, she could think of what they lost because of Maleficent, but as she stood in her sister's home she couldn’t help but think of all the things they’d gained because of her...

IV


Wake up you stupid girl ! Wake up ! We’ve been drugged and tricked. Wake up ! The voice inside of  Maleficent’s head screamed.
She did as the voice commanded. Her eyes opened. She tried to rub them but the movement was restrained. Her vision focused and became clear. She was sitting in the center of a room made of cobblestones. Her wrists and ankles were chained to the floor. 
What had happened to her she wondered.
You fool ! You got us drugged and now they are going to make their move! 
She shook her head hoping that would quiet the voice.
Oh, yea shake it off darling. Not today Mal ! We have to escape! said the voice in her head. 
She heard the door creak open loudly and watched as Fauna’s sisters’ came inside, along with two other fairies,one male, the other female. They all wore long crimson red cloaks. 
She stood up and looked down. She saw she was standing inside of a pentagram drawn on the stones. Her heart began to race, and she felt the voice in her mind grow quiet. She hated to admit it, but she needed that voice to keep talking to her, especially now. She needed to get out of here. When they stood a few feet in front of her they stopped. They all stood in a circle around her. The Queen stood directly in front of her. She was the only one who wore her cloak without its hood on. 
She smirked at Maleficent’s predicament, and then spoke.
“I see Mrs. Pepperfield’s poppy tea is still as strong as ever. Mary, good work”
Mary said nothing. She felt low, but her sister had promised her for the sake of mankind this was the only way.
“My dear, this may hurt a bit.” Flores said.
“What? Where is Fauna?” Maleficent asked.
“She is gone my dear.” 
She still had that smirk on her face Maleficent noticed.
Fauna had promised her she wouldn't let anything bad happen to her. 
You're a fool for believing her. Fairies can't be trusted especially this one. The voice said.
“You look as if you've gained a conscience.” Flores said as if she was just seeing this herself. “I guess that’s what a five century nap can do, I suppose. Enough chit chat! Let's get to it.”
She backed away from Maleficent's reach and into her spot within the circle they made around her.
“Wands everybody.”  Flores instructed.
They all pulled them out simultaneously and aimed them at her. 
“Ready. Aim. Fire!” 
Their magic felt like it was burning Maleficent’s skin off, and memories of her being a dragon flashed in her mind with each painful zap. She tensed every muscle in her body to withstand it. She didn’t know how long she could hold it in, and then the pain was gone. She inhaled deeply as if she couldn’t get enough air, and fell to her knees.  
“Again !” She heard Flores yell.
The surge of power felt as if it were burning through every inch of her thin frame. It was so powerful that it brought her to her knees once more, and when they stopped she lost the contents of her stomach on the floor in front of her. The pain was intense. 
“Please stop.” She begged in between dry heaves. Tears were streaming down her face.
Once again Flores was surprised by Maleficent's behavior. The Maleficent she knew wouldn't have fallen or begged for mercy.  That was the Maleficent she needed, not some doe eyed beauty who had no idea who, or what she was. 
“Darling, I wish I could, but I cannot. Again!” Flores yelled.
Maleficent felt her body heating up. She thought it was because of the magic they were bombarding her with. She felt the magic vibrations growing stronger and stronger as it coursed through her body. She held her head back and let out a blood curdling scream. When she did there a was loud clap of thunder. A flash of lightning struck inside of the room in the shape of the evil Maleficent’s face.

Flores and the others saw it, Maleficent's sinister shadow silhouette behind the young screaming girl on the wall. They all watched as lightning shot from her hands. She screamed louder and struggled to free herself from the chains that bound her. Her body felt like it was charged and in piercing pain. She felt it all over and with one final scream and a flash of lightning she was gone.
Flores quickly ran to where they had had her shackled. She smiled. Her plan had worked perfectly. It was beginning and soon she would get what she wanted.The curse lifted and Maleficent gone for good.
"It has begun." She announced.
"She will want to help her," Mary confessed, speaking about Fauna.
"So be it," Flores spoke...
****
Maleficent ran through the woods as the thunder and lightning continued to roll and flash overhead. She didn't know what the Fairy Queen was trying to do to her, or how she even ended up in the forest. One of her shoes were missing, and her pants and shirt were in shreds. She didn't know where she was going. She just ran. Her mind was running as well, flashing  memories that seemed foreign and distant, yet painful to her. She decided she would run deep in the woods until she could find safety so she could figure it all out. The thunder and lightning rumbled on. The rain suddenly poured down on her, quickly soaking her clothes. It wasn't letting up. She went from running, to lightly jogging, to speed-walking. She began looking around the dark woods. She was lost. She turned back around. A tree branch hit her in her face. She tripped,stumbled and fell, hitting the left side of her head on a rock. The blow seemed to momentarily paralyze her. She felt herself slipping into the familiar abyss of unconsciousness. She thought she heard the sound of a crow cawing, but thought she was hallucinating. She had to get up and keep going she told herself, but her body would'n't move. She had been through too much and she would have to rest now. She closed her eyes and welcomed the darkness…


V
M…(515 years ago)
Maleficent had been born Araceli Goldenflower. Her life had been simple, sweet and filled with joy. Her family consisted of her two loving parents Mikel and Brichelle Goldenflower. They lived in a small one bedroom cottage. Her father had been employed by King Andrew as a mercenary since she could recall. 
When she had been a child she had loved for her father to tell her bedtime stories. One in particular was about a black, fire breathing dragon that lived in the mountains near their home. Her father had described the dragon as having large horns that would grow so long that they would break off, leaving a jagged, monstrous appearance. It’s face was unique with scales and tiny ridges along the cheekbones and jawline. It had a Short neck and a thick reptilian body. It also had large wings.  Its saliva was made of green acid, and anything it touched melted immediately. He would tell her about King Dryden selecting noble, brave people to pay homage to the dragon to keep it from ravaging the land and everything around it. A treaty made long before King Andrew took the throne.  With the times came changes, and now it seemed instead of one citizen every three years the dragon preferred his sacrifices to be yearly, as well as virgin females. 
She had been sixteen summers and betrothed to a Knight her father had chosen for her to marry in the following Spring. She was happy with the match, and in fulfilling her familial duty. 
On the outside, life in the village and inside of  the Kingdom appeared to be like any other, happy and thriving, but deep down Araceli had always known that those bedtime stories her father had told her so lovingly at night, were true. Every twelve months there was a reaping. One young, virtuous girl would be chosen by the King. Families were scared. An uprise was beginning to simmer, and some families had tried to leave, but were threatened by the King’s soldiers. She didn’t like thinking about waking up one morning and her best friend Freya being chosen. It would be horrendous.  
Lately, Her father had been acting as the King’s General, assisting the cavalry in tactical battle strategy. He was a humble man, highly favored, kind, and wise.  He was a legend on the battlefield. He loved his wife, her mother, and he loved his daughter with no exceptions.
She would never forget that fateful night that changed the course of her life and everything she had been raised to believe. The King himself, along with his personal guards, had came to pay a visit to her father at their home the night before. She had overheard the King talking about the black dragon and how they could steal its treasure to pay off the debts they owed to the neighboring Kingdoms. Her father didn’t seem too keen on the idea, trying to reason with the King that they could handle the surrounding Kingdoms, not a Dragon, but the King didn’t want to hear her father’s advice, and seemed even more adamant about retrieving the gold his great-grandfather, King Dryden couldn’t. So much so that he was on the verge of literally begging her father for assistance, and promising favor upon his house for all eternity in his Kingdom. He told  him his family would be treated like royalty and her father would have a permanent place at the King’s side.  The King kept assuring her father that it was a wonderful plan, and if carried out correctly it could change their lives for the better.
That same night a few hours later when the King had left their home she had also overheard her mother and father speaking of what the King and her father had spoke of.
“I am content with what we have.” Her mother said in a hushed tone.
“I am not. Our daughter deserves better than this one room cottage.” Her father countered. 
“Lower your voice. She will hear you. The King is sending you and your men to your deaths. Do you not see that?” Her mother’s words seemed harsh, but hearing the way her voice trembled she knew she was scared for her father.
“Aye wife, I see that the King wants to keep the Kingdom running, and it’s people safe. I see he wants no war. So we do what we must. We face the dragon and die, or we face the other Kingdoms’ wrath. I’d much rather have to do this than to jeopardize my family. You and Araceli mean everything to me.”
“Mikel, I have a dreadful feeling about this. Dragons are nothing to play with.”
She stopped eavesdropping, and laid back down on the thin pallet made from straw that had been placed beside the fireplace hearth. Her father was a brave man. She prayed for his safety in the days to come.
Days later she and the townspeople watched her father and his soldiers ride into town with five wagons full of gold. She had never seen her father this happy. He was standing on top of the massive pile and throwing some out to the people. They cheered, and to honor the noble feat King Andrew hosted a large celebration throughout the Kingdom in her father’s honor. 
The day had been filled with laughter, songs, and wine had been freely flowing throughout the Kingdom. Araceli had danced the day away with her fellow friends and townspeople. She was about to ask her mother if she could have one more glass of spiced rum when there was a great explosion in the center of town which caused her to fly five feet in the air and land roughly on her stomach, near the edge of the woods. From there she had a good view of what took place next. The explosion had been a dragon’s fault. The ground shook and it seemed to vibrate through her body as the large black beast took a step. She heard people shouting, saw mothers with their children cradled close to their chest screaming and running for cover. She watched her father and four more men make a half circle around the gigantic beast. They looked so tiny compared to it. Its eyes were a munsell purple, his nostrils were rimmed with electric green. The beast slightly opened its mouth and the bright green saliva splashed to the ground. She saw her father and some of the guards quickly move away, avoiding the large splash. Two other soldiers, however weren't fast enough and she watched as the saliva melted them like snowflakes on a warm day. She became frightened and wondered where her mother was. She couldn't take her eyes off the scene unfolding in front of her. The dragon scooped up her father and began talking. His voice trembled the earth, just as his heavy steps had. 
“You stole from me!”
She watched and saw how small her father looked in the black dragon’s claws.
“Please, have mercy!” Mikel begged.
“You will repay me, or this entire Kingdom will be burned to a cinder.” 
He dropped him like he was a ragdoll and flew away.
 She was stunned and didn’t know whether she should move or not, so paralyzed with fear was she. She watched her father crawl in the direction of their home. She ran to his aide. She helped him get up. They slowly walked back to their new home King Andrew had awarded her father.
Her mother had been hiding the whole time in the cellar, and Araceli was thankful that she hadn't been injured.
“Damn it!” Yelled her father.
She noticed the bleeding gash on his forehead. She quickly got a wet rag and began cleaning it. He didn’t wince at the pain. Her mother stood by the fireplace, staring into it as if it were giving her more than warmth. 
“I told you this would happen.” She said so matter of fact.
There was silence.
 She continued to clean and dress her father’s wound. 
He stilled her hand.
“I’m so sorry.” He kissed the inside of her hands and began to cry. 
“Da ? It’ll be alright. You can just give back what you took. the King hasn’t used it yet, im sure.”
“No, no it won’t my child. I made a deal with that monster. I must do more than that.”
“I don’t understand.” She was puzzled with her father’s words.
“Dragons love treasures. They also know treasure isn’t always gold. He will want me to give him his treasure back along with the treasure I have.”
“Da, you don’t have any treasure, except the treasure you took from him.” 
“Aye, we do love,” he countered.
“It’s you, daughter. You’re our treasure,” her mother finished. A single tear fell down her cheek and she turned her back so she couldn’t see her pain.
Araceli felt sick. 
“I..I am to be given to that...that creature?”
No one spoke, but she saw it in their eyes. 
Her mother was heartbroken at the prospect of never seeing her again, and her father seemed dazed at the fact that the beast had retaliated just as his dear wife had suspected.
“This is our last night together. He will be back tomorrow at dusk to collect his repayment.” Her mother continued. “We tried to keep you safe from this, but now it seems inevitable, and we can no longer hide you. The stories your father told you about the black dragon are true. I was once a daughter. I had three sisters and two brothers. I lost my family to that beast, and it would seem I am to lose again. I’m so sorry my dear girl.” 
Her mother let out a sob and rubbed her cheek, then went into her bedroom, leaving her father and herself in the living area alone. Shortly after her mother's exit her father stood up kissed her on her forehead and gave her a little squeeze before following his wife’s suit, and going into the bedroom. She couldn’t sleep that night. In less than twenty four hours her life would end and the King was to blame. Her simple, wonderful life had changed in seventy-two hours and now her hope for the future had been replaced with sadness and death...


VI
Present day...

Fauna arrived back at her apartment feeling completely frustrated and royally pissed at her sister. She was walking up the stairs to her apartment when she saw Jermaine. He looked as if he had been waiting for her for a while, and she wondered just how long he had been standing there beside her door. 
She decided to ask him.
"How long have you been here?"
He looked in her direction.
"Not long." He furnished.
She unlocked her front door and went inside. She held the door open so he could enter as well. When he walked inside she closed the door behind him.
"How long?" she asked with a no nonsense tone.
"I've been here since you left I.F.A. Headquarters. A few hours. I was given special instructions to stay with you, and you dodged me.”
"Tonight?"
"No Princess, every night."
"Why?"
"Your sister, her majesty, thinks I should stay with you until this is all resolved.”
"Of course she does." She said and rolled her eyes.
 This was Flores way of keeping an eye on her. She knew her sister too well.
"Would you care for a drink?" She offered.
That question sounded foreign to Jermaine. He had never seen Fauna drink. He watched as she retrieved two glasses out of the Kitchen cabinet and a bottle of milk from the fridge. She put the glasses down on the counter and poured two liberal doses. She took the first one and drank every last drop of the cool milk.
"Princess. You shouldn't be drinking. Is everything alright? Are you alright?"
"No. No it's not.” She admitted as she picked up the other glass and drank from it. “We woke that poor creature up only to have her delivered to her death."
"What are you talking about?"
"Maleficent. My sister. This was all my fault. If only I had did as she had requested of me."
"You did."
"No, I didn’t. I screwed everything up.”
He walked over and stood in front of her.
"Look at me.” He was taller than she was. She had to look up at him. “Her Majesty, Flores is a wonderful ruler, but she is far too harsh on you and Her Royal Highness, Mary. You are smart, kind, beautiful and an integral part of the I.F.A."
"Stop it." She said trying to avert her gaze from his. 
He placed his hand on her cheek and held her gaze as he spoke to her.
"I mean it. Princess, I admire you so much. You are a wonderful Fairy, and It's my personal opinion that you would make a fine Queen, someday."
She didn't know what to say about that. Becoming Queen wasn’t a thought she had considered, and to say that in certain circles could be considered treason. This was the first time she and jermaine had spoken so freely to each other. Even on the plane rules and customs had been in place, and obeyed. She thought he was handsome. It was strange. She would catch him staring at her, but she always attributed it to it being his job as her security detail. They stood in her kitchen. He was looking at her with concern in his Aqua blue eyes. The words he had spoke let her know he did more than look out for her. He cared for her. It was an intimate gesture she hadn't expected would affect her so intensely. She remembered when he had first came to the I.F.A . He had been chosen from one of the highest ranked military offices around the world. Flores had done the sacred blood test on him, a test every Fae underwent when they became employed with the I.F.A.  He had been classified as half Fairy and half human. He was off limits in her world, especially considering she and her sisters were some of the purest Fairies left. They were encouraged to only get involved with pure blooded Fairies. For Fauna, the way he made her feel when no one was around was incomparable to anything she had felt with anyone in a very long time. 
He was staring at her with the exact same look and nothing seemed to matter but them. She didn’t recall how he had got to her so fast, or when he had closed the space between them, but she was in his arms and he was kissing her with all the pent up passion he had been feeling for her. The kiss was intense and their minds melded, making them both feel more aroused and intimate.  His hands moved to her soft buttocks, and she moaned in his mouth when he gave her cheeks a light squeeze before picking her up and placing her on the edge of the kitchen sink. She opened her slender legs and wrapped them around his muscular frame, her arms were lazily wrapped around his neck as he continued his barrage of kisses. Her body felt alive and for the first time in centuries she felt like herself again. Their mental connection heightened the arousal. His lips moved to her neck and then to her collarbone. She held up her arms and without speaking, he took her shirt off for her. He was pleasantly surprised that she didn’t wear a bra. Her breasts were small yet full and beautiful. He put his mouth on her left nipple and began suckling until it hardened under his gentle tutelage. She couldn't believe this was happening to her. 
Bang! bang! bang!
There was a knock on the door.
They both jumped.
Fauna hadn’t been expecting anyone.
Without notice, her front door burst open and the high Commanding Officer of the I.F.A. Guard rushed in and was now standing in her kitchen. 
She quickly jumped down from the sink and covered her breasts, not before the guard got his eyeful. 
Jermaine held her chest to his own as her shield. 
“What do you want?” She seethed.
“Princess, it’s the Queen. She is requesting your presence immediately.”
“I’ve just left her. Is that all?”
He nodded.
“Then get the hell out of here! And say nothing about this to my sister. Do you understand?” She commanded.
The guard nodded his head, but she knew there was still a probability that he would tell Flores. She was still in his arms.
“I wonder what that was about? Must be pretty important. They sent I.F.A. Guards.” Jermaine said.
“I don’t know, but I'm sure we'll find out soon.” She said rolling her eyes.
“Princess?” He started.
“Princess is it? Now we’re back to formalities?” She was smiling.
He was silent.
“I understand.” She said and picked her shirt up from the floor and put it back on. 
He touched her forearm. 
“Fauna, I’m sorry. I don’t know what to say. We were just caught. You know the penalty for this.”
“Aye, I do. I was one of the ones who wrote it.” She added sardonically.
“I always forget your age.” He smiled, trying to lighten the tone of severity between them. They had just shared a mind-blowing kiss.
“Thank God. Could you imagine me acting my real age.” She rolled her eyes at the thought.
They both laughed at that and there it was again. That spark. That feeling. That intimate connection that was now undeniable between them. 
“I will talk my sister, and hopefully she will be on our side.” There was silence. “Hopefully, but for now let’s not think about it. We have to go.”
Forty five minutes later, in the torrential downpour of rain, and an open umbrella in hand, Jermaine assisted Fauna out of her car. Once again she met with the guard who had just barged in her apartment earlier. 
“Follow me, please. The Queen is waiting for you.” He said. “You stay here Sir.” He told Jermaine.
He did as the guard had requested still holding the umbrella, Fauna waved at him before she followed the guard. He winked at her. She smiled and turned back in the direction of the entrance and followed the guard.  They didn't go up the grand staircase to the Queen's quarters. They went  downstairs to the basement, where the dungeon and gathering rooms were located. She knew something was amiss. They descended the stairs in silence, and she wished she could have brought Jermaine with her, if only to steady her nerves. Her sister's behavior was becoming more and more unpredictable with each passing day of this curse. She refused to listen to reason, other than the I.F.A. Council, who were vultures. They walked down the long dark hallway until they reached the last door. This was the interrogation room they had used for hundreds of years before they began to expand and build the manor atop it. This particular place was filled with stones that boosted one’s magic. She stood behind the guard waiting for him to open the door, when he turned to her and said.
“I do apologize Princess Fauna.”
She said nothing. 
And because she said nothing, he opened the door and quickly announced her to the dank cool room.
She saw her sisters, Malcolm Violetty , and Spirion Versus. Council members,as well as Flores’ most trusted advisors. Fauna noticed that lately her sister did nothing without those two at her side and she was becoming more and more worried about her sister. She could recall a time when she and Mary had been Flores’ only confidantes, but as times had changed so had the rules. 
“It’s about time,” snapped Sprion. 
Fauna had always despised this Fairy’s negative energy. Whenever she was around she had to work twice as hard to act happy. For whatever reason Spirion didn’t care for Fauna. She made it publicly known. She would have thought her sister would have put an end to it by informing Spirion that she was Royalty as well, but alas, she was still having to endure the constant barrage of steely undertones and looks of disdain. She sometimes got the feeling Spirion wanted herself and Mary out of the way. Fauna wasn’t afraid of her. 
The remark she made got the Queen’s attention, who had been speaking to Malcolm in hushed tones.  
Mary was once again alone. Standing with them, but not quite. 
“Ah, my dear sister. It worked!” Flores said to Fauna in an eerily delightful tone.
“What worked?” She asked puzzled as to what her sister was talking about.
“The amplification spell I used on Maleficent.” She answered.
“You said nothing about using that.” Fauna countered. Amplification spells could be deadly. 
“Didn't I? I thought I was pretty clear about finding any means necessary to carry this out.” Her stare was piercing. 
Fauna almost squirmed under it, almost. She looked over her sister's shoulder and noticed the empty shackles on the room.
“If it worked then where is she?” She asked.
“That’s where you come in dear, dear, sister.” Flores informed her.
Fauna was feeling dread at the what her sister might say next.
“You are to find her yet again, and bring her back to the I.F.A. Is that understood?” It was more of a command than a question. 
“What if I can’t, Your  Majesty?” Fauna asked, just to hear how far her sister would go.
“If you can’t then there will be certain consequences.”
Consequences? She wondered what she meant by those ominous words.
“Your Majesty?” 
“If you do not produce Maleficent in a forty-eight hour time frame I will see to it that Mr. Jermaine Webster is removed from his station as your security detail and thrown in Jail for fraternisation, indefinitely. After all, he is below your station and half fairy.” She heard the disgust laced in Flores’ voice, “Sister, I am disappointed in you. I give you chance after chance and you continue to disappoint me. This is your last.” 
Fauna was almost surprised by her sisters cold words. She somehow knew Flores would twist it around and turn everything that made her different from her into something negative, instead of her being happy that she had possibly found her long lost happy ending. He was sixty seven years old and she was over four hundred, but that didn’t matter. Everything was being threatened before it had truly begun. She felt like she had no choice. She couldn’t gamble with his life. She conceded, and knew she would have to do her sister’s bidding until she could come up with a plan. 
“Where would you have me begin my search Your Majesty?” She hoped her tone sounded calm, and humbled.
“The amplification spell couldn't have knocked her far, maybe twenty miles at best.” She acted so unphased by the whole situation. Fauna knew it was a show. Flores really wanted her to find Maleficent as soon as possible.
She had crossed the line this time Fauna thought, and she knew then her kind, sweet, and wise sister was never coming back.
Just then, the door opened it was the Royal Guard.
“Well, what is it?” Malcolm asked him.
“Mr. Webster has disposed of four of my men and sent three others to the infirmary. It seems he has gotten away.” He seemed terrified giving this news, and now Fauna knew why. She felt like laughing, she knew not to provoke her sister more. He had escaped capture and she felt some of the tension leave her body.
Her sister was drunk with power. She made sure she made no outward reaction to what she overheard the guard tell her sister.
Her mind involuntarily wandered. The Fairy bonding they had begun made them both able to sense when the other one was in trouble. Fauna hadn't realized or appreciated the extent of the bond, until now. She was grateful. 
“Well played Mr. Webster.” Flores said to no one in particular. She sneered at her head guard and then spoke. “Walk away.” 
He took three steps back, turned and left the room. 
Her gaze was once again fixed on Fauna. “Find her.”
“I will.” 
“You better. Shall we ?” Flores said to her entourage that was looking on quietly with disdain at Fauna. 
Fauna nodded her head, and Flores lead the way out of the room. 
Nothing was like it had been in this short amount time Flores had found the curse, until now, it had seemed like ages ago. She wondered where Jermaine had gone. She made sure to keep a considerable distance behind them. 
Once Flores made it to the top of the grand staircase and headed towards her chambers did Mary speak to her. 
“I’m so sorry about everything, and Jermaine. I’m sorry she is punishing you.”
“You wouldn’t happen to know why would you?” She looked at Mary square in the face.
“Ah, dear sister. You know she would kill me if I divulged her secrets. Just know that your little sister has not forgotten the oath we swore to each other.”
She let go of her hand and walked quickly up the rest of the stairs, through the grand entryway and up the grand staircase. Fauna said nothing so that she wouldn’t cry. She trusted Mary, and she hoped she wouldn't have to pay for that kindness in the end. She walked up the last of the steps and exited the estate. She went through the doors in search of her vehicle. She located it and opened the trunk. She pressed a small white button on the left side of the trunk door. The bottom of the trunk opened and revealed a false bottom. It was full of her magical items. She grabbed her satchel. She had packed different spells and potions along with her wand. She closed the trunk. 
The rain was had let up, but it was still storming. She trudged on in the dark. Her wand began to glow and she held it up to illuminate her way. She had just reached the entrance to the border of the estate and the entrance of the forest. She hadn’t been in these woods since they had rebuilt the manor in the 1940’s. She had been informed that the woods were empty and no one lived there, but her senses were feeling something else she couldn’t quite make out. She entered the woods and continued her brisk pace. The woods seemed to welcome her and she felt herself calming down. Her magic was rooted in nature and the ability to manipulate it. It was as if the trees shook their branches in greeting to her, as well as the foliage and bushes. She felt at home in nature. Something rustled in the bushes to the right of her and caught her attention. She held her wand steady, ready to face whatever was there. She didn’t have to wait long, Jermaine appeared from out of the bushes. Fauna felt horrible for not expecting him to be here waiting for her. She noticed the purple bruise already forming on his left cheekbone and his bleeding lip. She ran into his arms and kissed him. He hugged her and kissed her back, for a brief moment they forgot where they were and that it was raining.
“I ran before they could capture me. I take it your sister said ‘no’ to the match?”
Fauna smiled. 
She loved that he was able to joke at a time like this. It made her take her mind off the mounting pressure she was feeling to find Maleficent and end this curse. 
“Something to that effect. She informed me that she and her cronies tried a forbidden spell on Maleficent. She is out here alone. She was lied to by everyone...and especially by me.”
“No, she wasn’t.” He placed his hand on her shoulder for encouragement. “This wasn’t your fault.”
She shrugged it off.
“Yes, it is. I told her no harm would come to her while she was in our care, and look where we've ended up. We have no idea where she is, or why my sister felt the need to use such painful magic to provoke her to flee in the first place.” 
She felt the tears coming, but she refused to cry. She was frustrated and wet, and becoming cold with each passing second. 
“Let’s find her together. I’m here for you.” Jermaine said.
Those words lightened her heart and her mood. With Jermaine at her side she would be able to find Maleficent in no time. 
Hand in hand they quickly walked through the thick, dark woods. The deeper they went into the forest the thicker it became. It took on the feel of a maze.
Fauna could smell the distinct odor of cloves and sage. Someone had recently enchanted the woods. 
“Are you...”he trailed off.
“Noticing the forest won’t let us find the way?” Fauna finished for him.
He nodded. 
“Yes, I did. It appears that someone has enchanted this forest.”
 She could feel the magic. It wasn’t her sisters’. Who would do this? She was pacing now, trying to come up with answers, but there was none. Jermaine stilled her by grabbing her hand. 
He was here for her. She didn’t have to go through this alone. He spoke up then.
“We should camp here for the rest of the night. It will be safer to find her in the light of day.” 
The rain was easing up. He slightly unzipped the leather jacket he wore, took out his wand and pointed it towards a small clearing a few feet away from him.“Hic requiem!”
A yellow light appeared and disappeared and in it’s place was a tent.  
 “After you Your Highness.” He smirked at her. He was handsome to her. 
She was beginning to enjoy seeing his smirks.She rolled her eyes and indulged him by opening the tent flap and going inside. She was pleasantly surprised.
“Oh, my,” she gasped. 
Jermaine’s magic was powerful and she felt silly for all of the times she had spoken to him about magic like he was a petulant child, due to her knowing about his lineage. Clearly he knew quite a lot. The inside of  tent was spacious. It was the size of a bungalow. She stopped kneeling and stood to her full height of five foot eight. Fauna thought it was all very comfortable and stylish. A black steel fire pit with a steel mesh cage was placed in the center of the tents main area atop a large, circular, red persian rug. Tapestries decorated the walls and large pillows and stools were ornately strewn around the tent. 
“Is it to your satisfaction Your Highness?” 
She heard him ask. 
“Yes. It is wonderful, thank you. I didn’t know you were so adept at glamour magic. I thought you were still learning.”
“I was born with magic in my blood. As I've aged it’s become more useful to me. Since being in your employment I have become more skilled with casting.”
 She walked further into the tent and felt the warmth of the fire. 
“You're shaking,” he commented.
She turned around to face him. His lip still looked bad and the bruise over his cheekbone was growing darker by the second. She felt horrible for putting him in such a compromising situation. They met each other halfway. She took his hand and lead him to the settee by the fire pit, sitting them both down. She took her satchel off, placed it beside her, opened it, and retrieved her first aid kit. She found gauze, and gently began to dab at his bloody lip. She couldn’t believe her sister would allow this kind of treatment. She had somehow made Fauna feel undeserving of true love. That thought made Fauna recall the passionate time they had shared in her kitchen. It had been spontaneous and much needed. She had become so caught up in her sister's quest of protecting mankind that she had forgot about her own needs and her own heart. She couldn’t recall the last time she had entertained anyone of the opposite sex. 
“It’s alright really, Princess. It will be healed by dawn.” Jermaine tried to reassure her.
He looked into her eyes and she felt the same way she had when he had done so previously.
“I know you don’t want to hear me apologize, but I am sorry.” She said.
“Don’t be sorry. Just tell me it was worth it. Because it was- still is worth it to me.” He said his gaze unwavering from hers.
“Is it?” She asked, and felt herself being drawn in by his eyes.
He smiled and nodded.
“We should get out of these wet clothes,” He suggested to her.
“Aye, we should.” She agreed. 
“There’s some dry clothing in the bedroom area.” He informed her.
She stood up and went in that direction. She noticed there was a pallet that had been raised up on wood slats it looked comfortable and she realized she was more tired than she had let on. 
“Where are they again?” She yelled, only to turn around to be met by him. “Oh, sorry.”
He opened a large black trunk. 
She looked inside and pulled out a emerald green, silk nightgown. She watched as he took out a shirt and pants. He walked out and she began to undress. She had no idea she was that drenched with water until she tried taking the wet clothes off her body. She wondered if that was why she was unable to get out of the woods. Water in higher concentrated doses was known to stun or even confuse a Fairy’s magical powers. She quickly dried herself off. Her Hair was still damp. She began wringing it dry, and once the dry nightgown was on her body she went back to where they had sat before when she had cleaned his wounds. She hung her clothing on the line above the fire to dry and wrapped a sherpa blanket around her bare arms. Just as she did she heard the loud crack of thunder and lightening. The storm wasn’t letting up and she was going to be stuck in here for the rest of the night with Jermaine. She could think of worse people to be stuck with. She was staring into the fire when he came around and sat down beside her. He was holding two glasses of warm milk. The white cotton shirt he wore was unbuttoned, and she had a full view of his bare, muscular chest. She knew he had to have a nice body because of his job, but seeing it now she felt herself begin to blush. She averted her gaze back to the fire as she indulged in the sweet dairy product. After taking a liberal drink of the intoxicating liquid she spoke.
“How did you know they would come for you?” 
“I was told by a friend who works as a Royal Guard shortly after we had been caught together.”
“It’s as if she wants me to fail,” Fauna said absentmindedly.
“I suspect she doesn’t, and on the other hand she may.” He admitted.
“That makes no sense.” She argued.
“Yes it does. Queen Flores’ mind has been corrupted. She wants you to find Maleficent so she can break the spell and kill her. She also wanted to use me as leverage. Why?”
“Because she knows I have feelings for you.”
 She felt odd admitting that tidbit of information out loud to him.
“You do have feelings for me?”  He smiled slightly.
“Of course I do.” She admitted.
She couldn’t say anything else. Before she knew it his mouth had captured her own and there was nothing more to be said. Fauna’s body felt like it was aflame with the way his touch pierced  her. The blanket seemed to slide off of her and he moaned as his slightly calloused hands gently touched her soft skin. She felt his love for her. It was intense, and strong. They couldn't stop kissing. Their tongues danced and mated in a wild frenzy. It was as if she couldn’t resist the taste of him on her lips. They couldn’t get enough of the other. It was divine. She felt the pool of warmth come over her brain and knew the mind melding ritual was beginning once more for them. This time there was no distractions and no turning back for either of them. They had both tried to deny their feelings about the way they made each other feel, but now kissing fervently in this tent while the storm raged on outside, and her sister's betrayal at the forefront of her mind, for Fauna Jermaine was the only person who seemed to genuinely care for her and she wanted to feel what love was like, and to be able to trust and rely on that love. She wanted someone to believe in her, that was him. With his arms still around her he gently laid her down on the settee. He situated himself so he that he was in between her legs. She hadn’t noticed until she felt the hard bulge through his pants on her belly, and the reality of what they were doing began to set in. 
He broke the kiss 
“Are you sure about this?”
She answered him by lacing her hands behind his neck, leaning up, and placing another kiss on his lips. His hands worked quickly as he unzipped his trousers. She used her hands and helped him push them down. She was anxious and nervous. She kissed him deeper and with one powerful thrust he was inside of her. It was painful and spectacular all at once for her. Every part of him seemed to touch her soul and they were one in every sense of the word. She could hear his thoughts and he could hear hers. They were bonded in the old way. 
Oh my,Fauna I have dreamed of this moment for so long. He nibbled on her ear. The sensation made her tingle more. 
So have I. She admitted. 
Flashes of sexual scenarios they’d both been picturing  heightened their arousal. 
They were communicating telepathically, and Fauna felt happy with her decision to choose him as her lifelong mate. 
He slowly moved inside of her and they both let out a cry .
You’re a virgin!
“Yes!” She said aloud
“I didnt… I didnt know.” He stopped and looked down at her. She was gripping his buttocks so he couldn’t pull out of her. “Do you want me to stop?” He asked, even though he knew he didn’t have the willpower to stop. She felt so good.
“God no! It’s too late for all of that now.” She felt the apprehension come over him. She rested her hand on his bare chest and spoke. “Please, don’t stop.”
He kissed her softly. His hips slowly worked in between her thighs, and once again the pleasure they felt washed over them in waves. She felt her entire body trembling from the intensity of their lovemaking. She didn’t want him to ever stop. She had held onto her virginity for this long, and just like that it was gone. She wanted this to go on until she couldn’t take anymore. They enjoyed the pleasure and pain together. The telepathic connection growing stronger by each second he was inside of her.  They orgasmed together. She knew this night was as magical as any she had ever had, because this was a night filled with the one thing she had been missing,love. 
Moments after Jermaine gingerly carried her to the bed. Once she was under the covers she yawned and snuggled closer to his warm frame. 
“Princess?” He asked.
 She was half asleep. She smiled at his formality.
“You’re still going to call me Princess after what we just shared?”
“I’m sorry. It’s an old habit. Fauna ? Why did you not tell me.”
“It’s not a big deal. It was time, and I chose you.” She explained, already hearing the question in her mind before he spoke it. It was a side effect to their mating.
Jermaine thought she made it sound so simple. He knew it was much much more to it than that. She had chosen him as her husband, and eternal partner. He held her in his arms as she slept. He would never want to let her go. He would protect her from any harm, even if that harm was her own sister….


VI
 Present Day
Maleficent opened her eyes to a place that seemed vaguely familiar to her. The pounding headache she was greeted by reminded her of what happened last night. That horrible Fairy Queen had chained her to a floor and shot bursts of magic through her. She remembered how terrified and scared she had been, and how the woman who lived inside of her came to her rescue. How? She was unsure of, as well as how she had gotten here in this room. It was definitely underground, but she couldn’t be absolutely certain. The furnishings were meager. Just a bed with old covers and a small chair situated on the wall at the opposite end of the room. She slowly turned around and knew she had been here before, but when? The voice inside of her was quiet, giving her time to assess the situation. She noticed the door was made of thick oak and just as she noticed it it creaked open loudly. There stood a strikingly handsome, young man holding a serving tray. 
He was smiling at her. 
She didn’t know if she should smile back. 
“Welcome.” He greeted her warmly. His voice sounding familiar.
“Where am I?” She asked, not sure if she wanted to know the answer.
“Oh, where are my manners, my lady. I seemed to have misplaced them. It’s been awhile since I’ve entertained guests. This is cave Ida,” he said, “And I am Corvus, your faithful servant.”
“How did I get here?” She wondered aloud.
“I brought you here. You were lost, and bumped your head during the storm.”
“The storm?” 
She recalled the rain and her running, but not hitting her head.
“Yes, the rain. You poor thing. You’re so confused.” 
She didn’t agree, but her silence spoke volumes to Corvus.
“Here, drink this.” 
He handed her a golden goblet. 
She looked at him and then back at the cup.
“It’s for the pain. I’m sure that bump on your head can’t feel very good.”
She just stared at him. She had no idea where she was, or who he was, and now this stranger, who seemed very pleased to see her, was wanting her to drink something she had no idea of knowing what it was. She put the goblet to her lips and sniffed it.
Drink it! It will help with this god awful headache we have!
The voice was back.
Well, go on dimwit. Drink it!
She took a drink and the bitter aftertaste made her gag.
She felt the pressure from her headache instantly evaporate.
That’s better.
Yes it is, she agreed with herself.
She gave the empty cup back to Corvus.
“Thank you, Corvus,”she said.
Why the hell are you thanking a servant?! 
She jumped slightly at the yelling going on inside of her mind, and hoped Corvus hadn’t noticed. 
He seemed not to. He just stood there awaiting her order to be dismissed, or so she thought, until he spoke.
“If you would follow me.” He instructed her. 
She obliged him and followed him out of the room, which was not a very wise decision she thought, but she had no other options really, but to see how this played out. The stone hallway was well lit with modern lighting. They made a few turns and then came to a dead end. Corvus stopped a few feet away from the wall that impeded the path.
Surely this is a trick, Maleficent thought as she looked back and forth from the wall to the the man. 
She noticed he was smirking at her. She didn’t think any of this was funny. What was going on?  
“I apologize. The look on your face. It was priceless.” 
How dare this little shit laugh at you...at us. Who does he think he is? 
She saw his expression turn from playful to dread. She didn’t think this was funny. She was tired of games.Everyone she had encountered since she awoke all seemed to want to manipulate her.   
He quickly rushed on.
“This is a portal. We have to take it to get out of this cave.”
“Ah.” She still didn’t believe it herself, but after last night she couldn't deny she had some kind of powers. 
“It only works for you though.”
“Really?”
“Yes, Your Majesty, You designed it, now, repeat after me please .”
She just looked at him.
“Please, repeat after me.” 
She sighed loudly and rolled her eyes in exasperation, letting him know her patience was wearing thin.
“Please,” he repeated, “I promise it will be worth it. I wouldn’t dream of harming you, Your Majesty.”
“Fine.” Fine. She said in unison with her inner voice..
“Ad ostium ad futura.” 
“Ad ostium ad futura.”
“ Ianuam ad praeteritum.”
“ Ianuam ad praeteritum”.
 “Aperire ad dominam tuam. tandem me domi.”
 “Aperire ad dominam tuam. tandem me domi.” 
 A door materialised where the stone wall had been.
 She looked at him and smiled again at the magic she had done. He had been honest with her.
So far, at least. Her inner voice agreed. 
He smiled and gave her a slight nod. 
“After you, Your Majesty.”  He said with a deep bow.
 She opened the door and crossed the threshold only to be standing on what appeared to be the balcony of a castle. She instinctively looked down and inhaled sharply, realizing she was standing on the edge. Corvus was beside her and gently slipped his arm around her slender waist and pulled her back from the eroding banister before it creaked and fell over the edge. The crisp wind danced around her and whipped through her hair that hung freely and danced in the wind. She pulled away from him, turned around and saw a  bedroom draped in gray satin, purple silks, black furs, carpets and black and gold decor. She noticed dragon crests and lamps made out of soldiers helmets, polished to a gleam.
“Where are we ?” She asked in wonder and in awe at the sights and sounds around her. She watched as he put both his hands behind his back and with a sly smile explained simply,
“You are home……”

ViI
*515*
Araceli had packed a small satchel containing all of her possessions. She wouldn’t be needing them any longer so she put the satchel inside the family hope chest that had been placed at the foot of her parent’s bed. She wore her best dress, which her mother had made by hand for her the summer before. It was to be a wedding gift, for when she married her betrothed next Spring. It was made from purple silk with gray fur lining in the collar and cuffs. It fit her beautifully. Any other time she would have been ecstatic to wear it. 
Her mother looked so heartbroken and defeated. It was as if she had aged twenty years in a single night. She hugged her farewell. She didn’t want to let go and neither did her mother. She had been doomed to a death sentence. Her father had waited outside for her. The Knight she had been betrothed to stood beside him. His name was Mason. A fair, handsome man. He bowed to her when he saw her. Her father assisted her onto the Mare she’d had since she was a child. Her best friend was there as well. She said nothing to her, just handed her a bouquet of wildflowers. Araceli stilled her nerves so she wouldn’t cry in front of the small group of people who had come to say their goodbyes. She felt loved in that instant. Her best friend was the last person to hug her. Then her father placed her atop her horse. Mason took her horse’s reins and guided her mare. She was silently thankful for that. She felt numb. They rode out of town and onto the narrow path that lead to the caves of Spiron. The longer they rode the more narrow and rocky the path became until all three had to get off their horses and walk to the top. Once they arrived at the precipice of the cave she saw the iron stake driven into the mountain. Shackles dangled. She realized she was to be shackled to this and left for the Dragon. She looked first to her father, who looked downright torn and sad, then she turned her attention to her betrothed.
 He seemed angry. 
“Is this the place Father?” She asked already knowing the answer.
He nodded. “Yes. We are here child.”
The Knight placed her hands inside of his and smiled at her.
She hadn’t realized how handsome he was until now. She would never see him again. She would never have a chance to be his wife or bear him children. That realization made her heart break more, and then there was her mother. She had turned to see if she had come out of the cottage, but she hadn’t. 
“My dear Araceli, I wish things...”
She interrupted him
“I’m so sorry.”  
Her eyes welled up with tears.
He gently rubbed her hands, leaned forward and placed a chaste kiss in the middle of her forehead. 
“Godspeed,” he said as he led her to the stake, lifted her arms above her head and shackled her there.
Her father stood in front of her and broke down, crying hysterically.
“I’m so sorry! Please forgive me! It should be me on that stake! Me!”
His screams and cries ripped her heart and she closed her eyes to ward off the many overwhelmingly sad emotions she was feeling. 
She heard Mason help her father up and when she opened her eyes both men were gone. 
The opening of the cave seemed dark and ominous and as the hours stretched on she began to wonder if the dragon would even show up. Her arms were becoming sore from being shackled above her head for such a long period of time. She looked out on the horizon. Dusk was at hand, and she knew this was the time the villagers would be starting their fires and getting ready to serve dinner. Her thoughts went to her mother and she prayed that she would be alright. The shadow of the cave seemed to grow longer and closer to where she stood. A black pool formed just inches away from her. She was paralyzed with fear and in awe. She watched as the black pool bubbled and grew before her eyes. It began to grow upward and she could see the makings of a torso. Seconds later the black pool  materialised into a gorgeous, and dark haired, young man. He had green sparkling eyes the likes she’d never seen. 
He was beautiful she thought, even though he did just materialize out of black ooze. She didn’t know whether to be frightened or awestruck. 
He spoke to her.
“Welcome Araceli.”
She said nothing.  How did he know her name? She watched as he took a key from his pocket. He looked at her and she looked at him. His gaze unwavering.
“Do not run. Understand?”
She nodded her head ‘yes.’
He slowly moved towards her and unlocked the shackles that bound her. He smelled of musk and a scent she could not quite place. 
He gently took her by her waist and assisted her down from the stone platform. 
She rubbed her arms.
“Th, thank you.” She said quietly.
He snapped his fingers and a torch materialised in his right hand. She had never experienced magic like this before and she wondered if he were evil like the dragon.
“Follow me, please,” he said and went in the direction of the cave.
Araceli didn’t budge. She was terrified to find out who or what was inside. The women and children from town had always made up horror stories about what may or may not have happened to the girls who had been taken up here. She didn’t want to become a story, but it was too late for that now. She wondered what her family and friends were doing at this very moment. 
She felt a warm breeze coming from inside of the cave. It reminded her of the chill the dusk had brought along with it. The cave walls seemed to be closing in on them as they walked deeper inside of it. She noticed the stone walls were  now wet. There were far off dripping noises, giving the cave an eery feel to it. They were both silent and somber. It seemed fitting.  She was once again being ushered to her death she thought. She had nothing to say, and felt like she was in a dream she could not place. Where was this dragon? And why hadn’t he killed her as her father had told her about so many times before? It baffled her and she wondered what exactly her father had gotten her into. They made a sharp left turn which turned into a very large, circular, room with pillars and staircases carved into the stone. She marveled at how beautiful it all was and how much care had been put into it. She didn’t know what to think. There were murals made from different color gemstones. The one that caught her eye was of a beautiful red-haired woman entwined with the black dragon. The woman had been made out of Amber stones and Rubies while the Dragon appeared to be made from onyx with emeralds for eyes.  
She was brought back to the present by the shrill whistle her guide let out. 
A young blonde woman appeared. 
Araceli recognized who she was. Her name was Inid. She had been taken from her village the year before. She looked different to Araceli. Her expression was completely blank. As if she were in a trance. Her dress was a black sheer chemise. She wore gold sandals and had thin gold shackles around her neck and wrists. 
She stood statue still in the center of the room awaiting orders.
“Do you know this girl?” He asked Araceli.
She nodded her head ‘yes’.
“How?” He commanded sharply.
“She lived in my village.” She answered without haste.
“Now, she is your companion while you are here.” He informed her.
She was confused. A companion? What did he mean by while she was here? 
“Inid, show Araceli to her chamber. Prepare her.”
Inid said nothing, but instead curtsied low.
Araceli thought Inid's behavior strange. She had never seen her act so meek. They had grown up together, and practically friends. She recalled her being loud and boisterous. Why was her expression so blank ? She shrugged it off, still thinking this was all so insane. She turned to ask the young man about whether or not she was to be killed, but he had vanished into thin air. She was surprised. She looked back at Inid and she didn’t seem the least bothered by it.
 She smiled blankly and led Araceli to her chambers, which was located through one of the many entrances in the belly of the cave. Her room was bigger than the new home her father had moved them into. There was a bed in the center. Everything was made of gemstones and inlaid with gold. 
“Welcome Araceli.” Inid finally spoke to her.
“Inid are you alright?” Araceli asked truly concerned.
“Yes, I’m fine.” She answered back in a dull monotone voice.
“Why have you not come back to the village to let your family know you are alive and well?”
“Because it is forbidden to do so.”
“Forbidden?”
“Aye. Once you are chosen by him you must bear the Dragon’s mark, or his seed.  I was unable to carry his child so he spared my life and gave me his mark.” She pulled the black leather strap off her shoulder to reveal a deep scar that resembled large claw marks. “I am his loyal servant. Until death.”
 Araceli felt nervous. Bear his mark or his seed. That wasn’t what the stories had said. 
She let out a gasp and took a few steps back. 
Inid’s face was blank, even with the news she had just shared with Araceli. There was no emotion there. This was Inid, but this was not the Inid she had grown up with. This one seemed as if her spirit had been broken.
“Where is the dragon? When am I to meet him?” Araceli Asked 
“You met him already.”
“I did ?”
“Yes. The man. Your guide who got you here…”

VIII
Present day
Fauna awoke to the smell of freshly brewed coffee and the morning song of the birds. She stretched and rolled on to her  side. She saw Jermaine sauntering towards her with two cups of coffee wearing nothing but jeans. 
“I see someone’s awake.” He grinned.
She thought he looked handsome with his morning stubble.
“Did I oversleep? What time is it?” She asked frantically, racking her fingers through her disheveled hair as she sat up quickly.
“I let you sleep. You looked like you needed it, especially after last night.”
She tried not to blush thinking about what he meant. She knew he was referring to their three hour love making session. It was like they couldn’t get enough of each other mentally and sexually. Each time they connected telepathically it brought them closer together. She had been able to look inside of him, and she loved what she had seen. He was caring, kind, strong and loyal. It didn't hurt that she thought he was one of the most handsome men she had ever met. 
He handed her the coffee and she gladly drank it. It was exactly like she enjoyed it. Black. no cream. no sugar. 
She sat it down on the floor beside the cot they had slept on and began to get dressed. 
“Fauna? What are you doing?” He asked surprised.
“We have to go. Flores has only given us forty-eight hours, and who knows if she has sent her guard dogs after us.”
“You’re right. I don’t know what I was thinking. I will get dressed as well.”
He stood up from the bed and began to walk away when she grabbed him by his wrist.
“I know what you were thinking, and thank you for thinking of me though. It was very sweet of you, and when we have time I would love to show you my appreciation.” She stood on her tiptoes and kissed him on his lips.
 The kiss turned hotter by the second and just when he thought it would turn steamy she broke it and continued with her task of getting ready. 
Once they were both fully dressed and packed Jermaine took down the tent, rolled it up and put it back into his satchel. The rain had stopped and the sunshine was peaking through the fog the rain had left behind. Fauna closed her eyes trying to focus her magic. They walked for half a mile when Jermaine noticed foot tracks. He knelt down and looked at the imprint left in the dark mud. The rain had washed the majority of it away, but still Jermaine was able to make it out. It was a woman’s. 
“I think it’s her.” He told Fauna.
Fauna felt elated, briefly.
They followed what tracks they could. Along the way Fauna found some of Maleficent’s belongings; a single shoe she had worn yesterday. Now, it was embedded in the mud. 
“This is hers.” She said to Jermaine.“These are her tracks.” She looked up ahead.
 Jermaine was a long distance in front of her but he still heard her. 
She hurried along the footpath that was laden with Maleficent’s muddy tracks. When she reached him he was kneeling down.
“It looks as if she was running from something.” He assessed.
“My sister,” she said absently. 
“Maybe. Let’s see where her footsteps lead,” he concluded.
They followed them and began going deeper into the forest. Then the tracks stopped. Fauna and Jermaine began searching the wooded area. She looked up to the sky in exasperation and something in the branches caught her eye. It looked like a piece of blue material to her. 
She relaxed her mind and her wings appeared. She quickly flew up and landed on a tree branch, careful not to put all of her weight on it. She tiptoed and retrieved the small,thin strip of material. It was Maleficent’s. Fauna felt like the Maleficent she knew now wouldn’t be capable of climbing up this forty foot douglas fir, or conjuring magic to do it. Someone or something had helped her, but why? Who? She flew back down and landed in front of Jermaine.
He was in awe of her magic and beauty. Contrary to popular belief not all Fairies flew. To be able to do so meant that the Fairy was truly at peace and one with him/herself, mind,body and soul. He pretended not to be impressed by her agile nature in which she retrieved the item from the gigantic tree. The forest was her home at heart. She really was a remarkable scout he thought as he watched her go into her satchel and pull out a light blue vial with what appeared to be gold dust inside of it. He was familiar with this kind of magic so he spoke.
“A locator spell? ”
“A temporary locator spell, yes.  It will wear off quickly but hey, it’s our best bet. We don’t have the time or the resources to let this trail run cold.” She looked at her watch. Time was becoming sparse for her. She felt like the weight of the world was on her shoulders.
“A wise decision.” He agreed.
She felt herself exhale. He leaned forward and wrapped his strong arms around her.
“We will find her.” 
She inhaled his scent. It seemed to calm and relax her and she was happy that she was able to have him on this adventure with her. She said a small prayer for protection for him. She pulled away, opened the vial, and poured some of the gold dust on the thin strip of denim material she had just found. It came to life, billowing and dancing, moving in her hand. She let it go and watched it slowly climb higher and higher in the sky. She let out a little laugh as it began to fly through the forest. Fauna knew that was their cue. Jermaine followed her lead. They seemed to wind and weave through the woods but it no longer seemed like a maze and the ground they were covering was fast paced. They passed a brook and then a stream. They both continued looking ahead, watching the thin material land on a large boulder in front of a small mountain of rocks. 
“Did the potion wear off?” Jermaine asked bewildered.
“No, we are here.”
“Where?” He didn’t understand.“Where is she ?” She looked at the stones ahead of them. He understood then. “How did she get in there?”
“I don’t know, but we will definitely find out.” 
She pulled out her wand, pointed it at the boulder. There was a large rumble and the loud sound of stone grinding on stone. The boulder rolled away and there was a dark entrance in it’s place.
“I’ll be damned.” She heard Jemaine say.
 He sounded surprised to her.
“I’ll be damned indeed J.” She agreed as she smiled at her renewed confidence in finding Maleficent...

iX 
Maleficent felt the words Corvus had spoken to her, just mere seconds ago, resound deep within her. She was home. She recalled the fairy girl with green hair telling her that her home had been destroyed, but here it was.
I told you, you can't trust a fairy. The inner voice said. 
She and Corvus stood on the threshold of the balcony adjoined to her  bedchamber suite.
Was this really her home, or some magical aberration he had conjured? Everything about it felt real. 
Her eyes landed on a silver knife with an emerald helm in the shape of a Dragon’s claw. She  picked it up and immediately cut herself with it. She felt the white hot sting of pain from  the cut and she winced. This was all real. 
She heard the man laughing at her.
The last thirty-six hours had been a whirlwind and  hazy to say the least, and now she was back in her four hundred year old home.
“Still having doubts it's yours? Or if it’s real?” he asked.
She just stood there and watched him walk around the large room.
“Come, I will give you a tour of the rest of the castle. I’m certain we will find something that pricks your memory.”
He held out his hand and smiled that lopsided grin he had become so comfortable showing her since they'd met. She couldn't resist letting her guard down just a bit and allowed him to play her tour guide. They went down the narrow winding staircase that opened up to the great hall. She saw a massive stone chair that resembled a throne. This had been her throne room.  On the opposite end of the room sat two large black leather wingback chairs atop a royal purple persian rug, positioned in front of what appeared to be a crumbling fireplace. The entire area was covered in a thin layer of cobwebs. Time had not been kind to her home.
She noticed the many different tapestries that decorated the stone walls. They were depictions of two black dragons intertwined, surrounded by green flames. Another appeared to be a map. This room felt vaguely familiar to her.  
“Would you care to sit ?” He asked her politely.
“Why are you doing this?” She asked, instead of answering his question.
“I thought you may want to sit, considering the last couple of hours...” he answered misreading, what she meant.
“I meant, why are you showing me all of this? Why are we here? And why are you helping me?”
“You deserve to know.You deserve to remember who you are. I am just your humble servant Your Majesty, bound to you for eternity.”
When they reached the chairs he took a rag out his shirt pocket and began to dust each one of the chairs off. When he felt like he had finished his task to his satisfaction they both sat. He made sure to let her sit first. 
“They say I was a horrible, wicked woman.” She said after a long pause of silence. Her gaze was downcast, and her voice was above a whisper. “They say I did horrible things to good people.”
He leaned forward in his chair, his elbows on his knees.
“That’s not how I remember it, Your Majesty. You were a woman who would go above and beyond to earn everyone’s respect. You made them quiver with fear and tremble when your name was spoken. You were powerful,benevolent, and wise. Yes, I remember it quite differently.”
His description of her sounded nothing like what Fauna had said, and it made her feel something she hadn't felt since she’d been awakened, good about herself. She smiled at the small triumph. Maybe the inner Maleficent was right. Maybe she couldn’t trust fairies. Maybe she should put her trust in this Corvus fellow. He had said he was her loyal servant.
So glad you're beginning to see it my way darling. The voice said...

X
*515*
 
Araceli was taken aback by the news Inid had just told  her. This entire time she had thought the man who had untied her was a servant to the dragon, and not the actual dragon. She hadn’t realized dragon’s could take on human form. She was very confused and wondered how he was able to accomplish such a feat.
Inid dressed Araceli in silence, and she was thankful for that. She didn't know what to say or think at this moment. Inid’s words kept replaying in her mind. Bear his mark or bear his child. She was a virgin and had only heard whispers of what went on between a man and a woman behind closed doors. She had never thought she would be in this predicament. She looked down to see that she had been dressed in a royal purple, silk, full length, chemise with gold body jewelry. Her hair had been pulled away from her face and swept into a topknot. Inid placed the mirror in front of her and Araceli found herself admiring her image in the mirror.
“Absolutely beautiful.”
They both jumped and turned in the direction of the entrance. 
 It was him again. 
The man she had met earlier, only this time he was dressed impeccably in all black. His eyes were an alarming green and even from the distance she could see them. 
Inid’s gaze was downcast and she spoke. “My Lord.” She curtsied. 
“Leave us,” was all he said to her, and she quickly walked out of the room.
Araceli knew she should feel scared in this moment. This man, or rather this dragon had tricked her since the beginning, but somehow she wasn’t. She watched him as he walked over to her with a powerful, confident stride. 
“Purple suits you,” he said when he was only inches away from her. There was that delicious smell again like musk and something sweet. 
She said nothing.
“Say thank you.”
“Thank you,” she said involuntarily. 
She gasped in shock at his power to control her completely. 
He chuckled low in the back of his throat. Thrilled at the reaction she gave.
“You’re here because your King is an arrogant fool and a coward. Hopefully you can be of some use to me so that I may continue to spare your life.”
He was slowly circling her now and her heart quickened with each step he took around her. 
“What did your father tell you of dragons?”
She hadn’t expected him to ask that question. What did he care? She thought she would be dead by now, not being catered to and interrogated. She thought this was much better than what she had imagined her fate being, so she spoke.
“My mother lost both her sisters to a Dragon long before I was born.” She paused, willing herself to not cry at the thought of her mother.
“And your father?” He prompted.
“My father would tell me stories about a black dragon who dwelled in the mountains and needed the blood of virtuous women to survive.”
He laughed outright at her last comment.
She didn’t know how to react so she said nothing.
“Old wives tales.” He said, hoping that would calm her.
He could feel her anxiety and smell her fear. It smelled like fresh roses in bloom. 
Araceli found herself mesmerized by the being in front of her. His eyes blazed a bright green flame that seemed so alive that his eyes seemed to dance as he peered into her soul. She had never felt this way about anyone or anything and it felt strange to her. He was handsome to her in a dark way. His nose was pointed and his full lips lay over slightly pointed teeth. She could see a slight resemblance of dragon in him. This was real. Her heart beat rapidly. She was his now. 
“I also heard that a maiden must bear your seed or your mark.” She blushed as his piercing gaze grew hot. She hoped he wouldn’t notice. She felt like he was undressing her out of what little clothing she was wearing with those eyes of his. She had never been openly looked at the way he was looking at her, and she felt herself feeling tingly in places on her body she hadn’t known she could.
“Ah, yes, well that….That is not an old wives tale.That is the truth.” 
He took a few steps closer to her. Inches away now.
She could smell him again and it was so intoxicating. She felt her body heating up involuntarily. She watched him watch her physical reaction to him and he seemed pleased with the response.
As is if he could sense what was happening to her he broke the space between them and held her in his arms. Araceli’s mind was racing with so many different emotions. Fear. excitement. Doubt. Sadness. Lust. She was surprised by the last one, but she couldn’t deny it. She was enjoying his touch and the intimate embrace. His eyes seemed to enchant her. His chiseled face was so close to hers now. She thought he was going to kiss her, but instead he sniffed her from her collarbone to her cheek bones. He backed away quickly as if he had been stung. She was stunned by his movement. 
“I apologize. Please, forgive me,” he said. There was a long pause. “I must go.”
He evaporated into a green mist in front of her eyes. He was gone. She was alone in her room wondering what had just happened, and why she was so attracted to him, the Dragon. It was like every time he came close to her she lost control of herself. Inid rushed into the room as if on cue.
“Did you need anything else miss?” She kept her gaze averted and her head slightly tilted down. 
The submissive gesture made her feel uncomfortable.
“Please Inid stop this. You know me...We grew up together.”
“That is in the past. Now you  belong to the dragon and because I serve him, I serve you.”
Araceli felt herself stagger back slightly before regaining her posture, trying to hide the utter fear she was trying to keep hidden inside...

XI
Present day

Fauna and Jermaine were now inside of the cave hidden behind the large boulder. As soon as they both entered the boulder rolled back in its place, sealing them in. They found themselves descending down slick stone steps into a cold, wet, dark cave. They walked a half mile and Fauna’s arm began to become sore from having to hold her wand in front of her face. The strain was becoming more emanate with each step they took. The silence they shared wasn’t out of fear, but out of careful observation of their surroundings. Jermaine continued to look behind them in the direction of the stairs the deeper they descended into the belly of the cave. When they finally reached the bottom there was an open well lit space. It looked as if it had been cleaned recently, and Fauna knew someone else had been using it. Who would be using this was an even better question she thought. She had put her wand up, but still stayed on high alert as they continued to walk further. Jermaine was doing a splendid job of keeping up with her and anticipating every situation. She had come to rely on him in times like these, which were becoming more frequently as of late. They both noticed the dimly lit hallway and both walked over to it. Fauna decided they’d go left, down the hall and in doing so they found a small room with a fireplace and a single bed with covers. 
Fauna began to walk around. Scanning the room for clues as to who was here. 
Jermaine hadn’t expected any leads on Maleficent, but the last twenty-four hours showed their efforts to be fruitful, so he went along with it. He could see Fauna was desperate now, trying to  save him and Maleficent. It was too much for anyone to bear, but she was doing it. He didn't know how he would ever be able to thank her for choosing him to be her life partner, but he knew he would spend forever making it up to her. He watched her intently, as she slowly walked around the room. She stopped by the fireplace, and placed her hand on the hearth.
“This fireplace was recently used. I can still feel the warmth.” 
He turned around and saw the other end of the hall was a dead end.   
“Do you think it was her?”
She looked down at her glowing wand. 
“She was definitely here. My wand detects lingering traces of her. I just don’t understand why and who would do such a thing.”
Just as the words escaped her mouth the door to the solitary room shut with a loud bang. 
With all of his might, and speed Jermaine tried to kick open the door. It wouldn’t move.
She pointed her wand at the door. 
“Tune resera et aperi !” 
It did nothing.
She began to bang on the door, and a holographic image of what appeared to be a black haired young man appeared. He was dressed in all black as well and his nose looked like a bird's beak. He reminded Fauna of a crow.
“Your Majesty has returned, and I will not let you and your sisters foil the plans that are in store for her.”
“What plans? Who are you? And what do you want with Maleficent? Answer me!”She yelled through the small opening on the door. It was too late. The image was gone and all she had left were it’s daunting words. This had been a trap. It had worked. Now she and Jermaine were stuck here until she could think of a way to escape. Jermaine guided her over to the bed and she sat down. Maleficent seemed further and further from her grasp and she knew if she couldn’t come up with something there was a chance the entire world could go back to darkness because of her failure. 
“I have to try and summon my sisters.” She looked at him.
 He seemed to be taking all of this in stride and not in the least bothered. He was strong and she admired him for that. 
“Sounds easy enough.”
“It would be if we were above ground, but we are not. Underground is very tricky, and being surrounded by stone is as well. Magic works differently with those elements. I’m going to project my aura. No matter what happens to my physical form promise me you won't wake me up.” She looked at him. 
He seemed annoyed at the absurd promise. He rolled his eyes.
She pinched him.
“Ouch!”
“Promise me.”
“Alright, I promise.”
“Good. Now, when I’m under I could begin to bleed or cough or even shake, but again, you cannot wake me. Understood.?”
“Yes. I understand.”
“I love you.” She said quietly.
He took her hand in his and placed a chaste kiss on her fingers.
She layed down on the bed flat on her back, closed her eyes and began her journey to contact her sisters.
Jermaine watched the love of his life’s body relax and fall into what looked like a sleeping trance. Though she didn’t move he noticed scratches appearing randomly on her arms. He took out a handkerchief and began applying pressure to stop the bleeding when he saw another cut. This time this one was on her face. He became worried for her safety then, and he knew then why she had made him promise her that he wouldn’t wake her. It was less than a minute and the effects were already beginning to show. He wanted to look away but his love for her wouldn’t let her. So instead he held onto her limp hand and said a silent prayer that she would be able to reach her sisters before any permanent damage had been done to her body…

****
Flores and Mary were taking their daily stroll around the palace garden when they were both hit with unimaginable pain. It was a blood summons. Both became immobilized and paralyzed as the message coursed through their veins.
“Sisters, I apologize for the pain. If I could have contacted you with a less painful method of magic, believe me I would have. It seems that Jermaine and I have been lead into a trap by something. Something that knew we would awaken Maleficent and lead her to them. I am trapped inside of a cave in the forest. Be careful sisters, for I fear whatever enchanted that forest and trapped me here is hell bent on stopping us once and for all.  If we work together we can defeat him and find her.”
Both sisters fell to their knees. The pain slightly palpable and leaving their bodies drained from being in that type of intense paralysis. Royal attendants were by their sides and Flores immediately shooed them away.
“Fauna is in trouble.” She said taking a deep breath to stabilize her feelings. The pain was dissipating for her. She had always hated using that spell.
“We must come to her aide and finish this.” Mary said while holding on to her aching stomach. The pain was dissipating for her as well. 
“Once and for all.” Flores finished…
***
Flores used a charm repellent, making it easy for she and Mary to navigate through the woods and find the cave Fauna spoke of. Flores was impressed at the length this being had went to try and conceal Maleficent and trap Fauna. She watched as the large boulder rolled away. She made the four Royal guards she’d brought along wait at the entrance. As they descended the stone steps the boulder rolled back into its place. 
“et nolite defendat de tenebris” Flores said and a wave of pink light appeared, sparkled and illuminated their way.
They walked quickly and found the lone room inside of the cave. Mary peered into the room through the small opening in the door. Fauna was on the small wooden bed and Jermaine was beside her.
“Jermaine!” She shouted.
He looked around and quickly ran to the door. “Your Royal Highnesses. It worked.”
“Yes it did.” She turned around to see Flores waiting for her to move. “Please back away from the door.”
He nodded and obliged. 
“Nec ianuam possint servabo me!” 
The door flew off it’s hinges.
“Come on. We don’t have a lot of-” Flores stopped fussing when she saw Fauna on the bed
Her body was covered in hundreds of deep, bleeding cuts. 
“She wouldn’t let me wake her,Your Majesty.”
She pushed past him and knelt down by the bed beside her. Her sister had sacrificed her body to fulfill her duty. She reached inside her pocket and pulled out a tiny green vial. She put it to Fauna’s lips. Making sure she swallowed it. 
She looked back at Jermaine then, and she could see the remnants of the binding spell. Fauna had chosen him to be her life partner. She saw the love and concern he had for her sister coursing through his aura, and she thought in that moment, that  maybe she had misjudged him.
She walked over to him and put her hand on his forearm.
“She will be alright. We haven't the time. We must go.”
“Sister look.” Mary said. “A portal.” She pointed to the opposite end of the hall way.
Flores could see the wall it seemed to glimmer and wave. Mary had been right, but where did it lead to? 
Jermaine picked Fauna up from the bed, and followed the two towards the dead end.
“I don’t see anything.”
Mary turned and smiled at him, they kept walking. He followed. 
“Mary, you go first.” Flores advised.
Mary rolled her eyes, shrugged her shoulders and walked through the wall. 
Jermaine was stunned with this magic.
“Now you and Fauna.”
“No, I can’t. I…”
“Jermaine it’s alright. I trust you, now trust us. We don’t have time to discuss this. Please, go.”
He saw the sincerity in the Queen’s eyes and decided to go. He walked through the wall and immediately his breath was taken away. They were in a beautiful enchanted forest. He could hear the birds singing and the air smelled sweet and felt warm on his skin. He was still holding Fauna when she awoke in his arms. He was so overjoyed. She was awake and her cuts were gone. She yawned and looked up at him and then at their surroundings.
“Where are we?” She asked.
“Where it all began.” Flores said...

XII 

*515*
For seven nights, unbeknownst to Araceli, the dragon came to Araceli’s bedchamber questioning her knowledge on Dragon’s and lore. Essentially grooming her for the next task to be done. For those seven nights Araceli felt the passion and attraction between them grow stronger and stronger. She was finding it harder by the second to keep any logical train of thought in his presence. He must not have noticed because he still asked her a litany of questions pertaining to her life at home, and what her expectations of her as a Dragon’s mistress were, something she had no idea she would be or wanted.
She recalled the  previous night  he had spoke to her about the mating rituals of dragons, and now here she was being quizzed on what he had told her. It was embarrassing to her, but he didn’t seem to care, so she recited to him what he had told her.
“It takes a full century for a dragon’s reproductive system to mature. Once it does the male dragon may begin to search for a mate. When a female dragon is ready she will grow golden scales on the undersides of her belly and also give off a scent that attracts the male dragon.” 
She stood ramrod straight as she recited the words. 
“Very good. What about a dragon who chooses to pick a human to mate? Can they?” His gaze seemed to sear her and she felt pulled to him in that moment. Her feet wanting to move in his direction. She willed herself to her spot.
She answered him instead.
“Yes. He or She can, but to choose to do so makes the dragon vulnerable. The dragon is no longer able to become a dragon. They are bound in human form for five centuries. The human, however, if consumed by the passion and love for the dragon will become so engulfed that they themselves become a dragon.”
“You were listening, and here I thought you were too scared to pay attention.” He smirked.
“I’m no longer scared.”
“That’s what I was hoping you would say.”
She looked at him, confused at his words.
He was closing the distance between them quickly and her heart raced at the thought of her being close to him. She instinctively knew deep down that this was what it had been leading up to the whole time. He kissed her and her body felt as if it had never been alive until that moment. His lips were strong and in control and hers seemed to melt into his as he held her close. She wrapped her arms around his neck and every fear she had melted away. nothing mattered but them. She felt like time was standing still for them. She didn’t know how they ended up in bed, but the passion they felt for each other was equally matched as they kissed, bodies entangled, she didn’t feel any pain when he had entered her only overwhelming pleasure. Her body seemed to know what to do and her hips moved rhythmically, sending her senses to overload as she straddled him. He took over and thrust long and deep inside of her as he lay flat on his back, enjoying the sheer delight he was feeling and giving her simultaneously. Araceli had lost herself in the first taste of the dragon. When it was all said and done she lay in bed with him with a renewed faith in her situation and thinking her survival could be considered a rebirthing. After what she had experienced with him she felt herself changing. She snuggled closer to him and her heart swelled at the thought of the all the new possibilities.
The days that followed were filled with him. He was no longer aloof or distant. He was talkative and playful. It was as if she had met a completely different dragon. The days were filled with her learning about all the many treasures he had collected over the centuries of his lifespan and the nights were filled with a passion so insatiable neither could wait until the sun went down to be in the other’s arms. She couldn’t help herself. She didn’t feel ashamed about her wanton behavior in the least, if anything she felt grateful. Grateful he hadn’t killed her, or worse. She did miss her parents dearly, but she knew that was a price to pay. She was showered in gold and he lavished his every love and affection upon her. She had found something there. It was too soon to call it love. It made her feel alive in a way she never thought possible... 


XIII
Flores walked nimbly through the meadow of the enchanted forest with Mary and Jermaine carrying Fauna in his arms.
“Did you forget where it is ?” Mary asked Flores slightly irritated at her.
“No...I just.. We haven’t been here in centuries...I’m a little rusty with the directions, that’s all,” she huffed, with her take charge attitude.
“Just ask the trees then !” Mary said rolling her eyes.
“You know I don’t trust the trees Mary! Oh, there it is! Splendid !” She took out her wand.  “Detegant iter nostrum !”
They watched as the camouflage melted away and there stood a quaint little cottage.
Jermaine was impressed. He looked down at Fauna who was asleep. She had awoke when they had first arrived, but the walk had took it out of her and he didn't mind carrying her the rest of the way. She had fallen asleep. He hadn’t expected to be on this adventure, but he was glad she had chose him to come along. Now that he was here he was going to have to protect them all with his life, if need be. Queen Flores led the way into the home. It looked small on the outside, but inside it was quite large and appeared to be a two-story home. It reminded him of why Fauna had enjoyed his tent. He watched as they took off their capes with a flourish.
The Queen stopped once she had a large dark brown leather bound book in her hands, as if just noticing him she looked at him and said.
“Take her upstairs. First door on your left. It’s her room. Go.”
He followed her instructions and was once again shocked when he entered her room and found her bed was a large, hollowed out tree trunk. He knew she was the fairy who dealt in Nature, but this was over the top he thought. He knelt down beside the bed and gently laid her inside. When he did the tree enclosed her in and Jermaine didn't know what to do. He banged on the tree trunk but it was to no avail. He ran downstairs. Flores and Mary were now thumbing through books. Flores looked up again and saw him.
“What’s wrong Jermaine?”
“Flores I put her in her bed and it...ate her.”
“What?” Mary asked, laughing all the while.
Flores chimed in.
“Oh, dear, dear boy, your wife is hibernating. The spell she cast to find us was a blood summons. It is very  powerful, and very dangerous for a Fairy. We are actually quite lucky to have found that portal back there, Fauna is strong, but I don’t think she would have been able to survive. This place.” She waved her hands, “This is where we were born and grew up. This is our home, where we are the most powerful and able to recharge our magic here. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Your Majesty, I do.”
She paused. Looking at Jermaine now she could see what compelled her sister to marry him. He was kind, strong and protective. She could see his love for her sister radiating off of him. She gave him the slightest of smiles and walked away, back to her task of finding answers. She didn’t know how much more he could take, but whatever it was she just hoped he was ready, not just for Fauna’s sake but for theirs as well…



XIv
Maleficent found herself becoming more and more entertained by Corvus. They had moved from the throne room to her old dressing chambers seamlessly.  He was being an excellent valet, doting on her and keeping her interest with each room they went into. At the moment, she was staring at her signature velvet, black, sequin dress that was placed on the bust of a mannequin made out of a soldier’s armour. Beside it sat her signature black horn headdress on the vanity. It was as if they were beckoning her to adorn them. They had added to her reign of fire and madness. A time she didn’t recall.
 She lightly ran her fingertips on the shoulder of the soft, velvet material. She smiled to herself at the feel of it. Then she touched her black horn headdress. 
“You should try them on.” Corvus suggested casually, giving her a lopsided grin as he leaned on the doorframe that led to her inner sanctum.
Maleficent was hesitant about the entire situation. On one hand, she felt like this place was foreign to her. She didn’t recall any of this. And on the other hand it seemed to call to her. The darkness that seemed to overshadow her when she was at her worst seemed to want her back, and she seemed to want to be apart of it.. Corvus had been kind to her and made it sound as if she weren’t the malicious dragon tyrant she had been. Life felt so different now that there was no darkness inside of her. Her memory was just as clean. Corvus had been a friend to her. She had watched him intently to see what he had up his sleeve,but he seemed true to his word. He wanted no harm to come to her. He just wanted her to know who she had been. She decided out of kindness to indulge him. 
“You will have to turn around.”
Corvus obeyed. 
She quickly undressed out of her dirty shirt and jeans. She took her time putting on the dress with the realization it was over four hundred years old. She wanted to make sure she was extra careful and didn't cause any damage to it. She had to admit it felt good against her skin. 
“It still fits you.”
She jumped at the sound of Corvus’ voice.
“You were to wait until I said I was ready.”
“My apologies. I am just so excited, Your Majesty.” He took a few steps inside of her dressing room and she saw his black eyes twinkling with excitement.
She looked down at the head dress. It was the last piece of the puzzle. She sat down at the vanity. She looked in the mirror and saw a beautiful young girl there. She Swept her hair up into a bun, and placed the black headdress on her head. It was heavy and as soon as she donned it the wall behind the vanity moved to show a dark secret passageway.  She jumped up, accidentally knocking the head dress off of her head. Corvus came to her rescue.
“It’s alright. Just a passageway to your inner chamber.”
“My inner chamber?” She repeated, hoping that would bring something back, but it was of no use.
He held her hand and guided her down the dark hidden passageway. They walked a few feet and then she noticed the chamber inside. As soon as she stepped inside it illuminated and she saw all kinds of books and jars with various things in them for different spells. She slowly circled the small chamber, shocked and bewildered at how much dark magic she had once known. She stopped walking when she saw a large leather bound book on a gold podium directly beside the cauldron in the center of the room.
She flipped it’s pages and saw it was a dark magic spell book. The sleeping curse,the Fairy plague, and the mind melting curse were inside of it. She didn't know if she used the other spells, but somehow seeing a book with them in there made her realize how bad she had been. 
“That was your favorite book. You dedicated your life to finding each one of these spells.”
“The sleeping curse.” She read aloud , her fingers tracing the red letters on the yellow parchment.
“You sought it out after the King tricked your father into sacrificing you and killed the one you loved, destroying your happy ending not once, but twice, Your Majesty. I watched on your shoulder as you drained yourself of your own blood to make this book. Your revenge was sweet and it burned bright.”
His words struck a chord with her inner Maleficent. She felt a dull pain and longing. 
“Did I succeed?” She heard herself ask.
“You can now.”
She didn’t understand what he was referring to so he continued until she did.
“I used this spell on that small town. I knew the fairies would wake you. They have no idea how to control it, not like you,Your Majesty..” 
Her heart began to race as she listened to him tell her his plans.
“Fairies are such silly creatures. If only they hadn’t been there to meddle . You would have succeeded. Now you have a chance to enact the curse once more and finally end it. Kill the fairies and become you again.”
She was shocked at his confession and the way he was so honest about it all. If he really had been her assistant she feared maybe, the stories had been right.  All she could say was.
“Who are you?”
“I told you already. I’m Corvus, and I’m here to serve you.”
She found herself touch the page once more and felt a bolt of electricity shoot through her entire body. The pain racked her body, and she felt the inner Maleficent grow stronger within her. When the pain subsided she could feel the inner Maleficent trying to consume her and take over. She fought her off. The mental bout draining to her.
You've served your purpose, now it's time I serve mine ! You are too weak to handle what must come next !  She cackled. You are weak and pitiful!
“No!” She cried aloud to herself.
You don't have any say in this. I'm growing stronger and eventually I will take over so for now enjoy playing in my clothes and my castle. I will be coming out soon, and when I do I will make sure that you no longer exist...
, 
XV
*515*
The time Araceli spent with the Dragon changed her in a way she never dreamed of, or thought possible. Her passion for him seemed to glow like a bright ruby ember. They seemed to only care for what was going on in their world. He could no longer change into the glorious black dragon he had been. Inid had informed them both that the town thought the curse had been lifted. They had turned Araceli into a martyr of sorts. She learned her father was the Head General in the King’s army. She tried to not let it affect the way she felt. After being here a year now. She didn’t know how she was supposed to feel about her father tying her to a wooden stake and being elevated to a high position because of his cowardice. Cowardice was how she saw the deeds her father and the King had done. He could have fought with the dragon or sacrificed his life instead, But he didn’t. He did the king’s bidding and started her on a path she had no choice but to follow. The past twelve months had shown her quite a lot and taught her more about herself and her feelings than she thought possible. She learned the dragon liked to be call Draco, he loved collecting treasure and reading. He was always pushing her to use her mind to figure out solutions to mock situations instead of using magic. He also loved to read and seldom did he talk of family.  Even though he seemed to be honest in the things he told her he still was a mystery to her. Those blazing emerald green eyes and the magnetic pull her body had whenever he was around let her know it was more. 
She was beginning to fall even more in love with him, and the morning sickness she seemed to feel for the past week was real. She was having his child. The prophecy had been fulfilled. She remembered him telling her she was carrying his child days before when they had been laying in bed together after hours of lovemaking, which seemed to be a very pleasant ritual they shared. He had joked about her not being pregnant yet, and it made her wonder if he would harm her if she couldn’t bear his child. She had shook the thought off knowing that wasn’t the case and now they both were talking about it. 
“Are you absolutely sure?” He asked her as he buttoned us his black silk shirt.
“Yes, I'm sure. My monthly cycle has been missing for a few months now.”
He stopped his task of getting dressed and walked over to her. Holding her in his strong ams.
“I’m so happy. I'm going to be a daddy.” 
She said nothing.
“Are you ok?” He asked, gently rubbing her cheek with the back of his hand.
“I’m scared.” She felt the tears welling up. 
He pulled her in even closer and hugged her. She was so distraught. He had forgot how young she was under her precocious take on the world facade. He reassured her.
“Everything will be alright my love. I am here.” He kissed the top of her head. “I am here. We must start your training.”
“My training? To be a mother?”
“No,you're training on becoming a dragon.”
She was shocked and almost speechless. How would she become a dragon. He had told her the passion she felt for him would change her , but she hadn’t thought literally. 
“I’m to be a dragon?”
“Yes, you are to be a Mama Dracol. A mama dragon.” She wiped her tears away and looked up at him. She smiled at the strange term of endearment he used. “I will be by your side for the entire process. We will be what I’ve waited centuries to become. A family.”
Araceli smiled at him. 
His words seemed to make her anxiety and tension dissipate. 
He kissed her gently on the lips. Her heart skipped a beat. 
“I have some business to attend to.” He said breaking the silence between them.
“Business?”
“Aye, with the honorable King. It seems he has a a bit of trouble and needs the dragon’s help.”
“The King needs your help? Why now?”
“I don’t know.”
“Be careful,” she said and she hugged him close. 
She worried about him then and felt like this was all her fault. Had he not slept with her he would still be able to transform into his true dragon form.  He was bound to his human form for five centuries because of her. He was helpless. She hadn't expected any of this. She was so happy. She prayed that she would stay that way. His safety  meant everything to her.
“I will my love.”He said reassuringly.
Those were the last words he he said to her before the King killed him in cold blood. The invitation had all been a ruse. A way to get him out of hiding. He didn’t stand a chance. That night while she waited for him she decided she needed fresh air and made her way out of the cave. When she reached the outside, which was the top of the mountain the sight she saw made her scream. Draco’s head was bloody, misfigured and swollen, stuck in the middle on a wooden stake. It was placed directly in front of the cave entrance. She felt her heart breaking and the world around her seemed to tear away from her. She  couldn’t bear to see him like this, but there he was. The rest of his body lay crumpled a few feet away from the stake. The King was a horrible man. It took all her strength to stand up and look at him once more in such a grisly state. His eyes were still open. They still sparkled lifelessly. She felt the tears running down her face. She would never have her happy ending and she would never have love. She would always have pain, loss, and unbearable sorrow. She removed his head from the stake. It felt heavy to her. She slowly kneeled to the floor with the love of her life’s head resting in her lap. Gently she fixed his hair as he had wore it when she saw him last, only hours ago, and closed his eyes. Her heart was breaking and all she could think about was that her child would never know its father. She would be doing this alone. She lifted his head up and placed one final kiss on his lips. When she did that she felt a powerful surge of electromagnetic force run through her body. Her abdomen began to contract and she felt a gush between her legs. She was losing her child. She threw her head back and screamed as loud as she could. The pain crippling her. When she did thunder and lightning appeared in the dark skies above her. Releasing her pain made her feel more alive  and more powerful. She gently placed his head down on the ground and stood up slowly. The cramps were excruciating, but she didn’t want it to beat her. She looked down at her hands and noticed her skin took on a white purplish hue. Her small purple veins showed beautifully through her skin. Her nails and lips were now blood red. Her hair went from chestnut brown to purple. Her eyes held the same color of her true love’s, blazing emerald green, and her life as Araceli was no more and in that moment she became Maleficent the Mistress of Evil. The love Dracol had brought out in her was now locked away somewhere deep and now all she wanted was to share the pain she now carried  to any and everyone who crossed her path. 
The King would feel her wrath, and her love would be avenged in such a way that they would write tales of it long after their love was gone. Yes, the Mistress of Evil, By any means necessary would destroy those that had destroyed her happiness...

XVi
Fauna heard the sounds of the carefree song of birds and thought she had fallen asleep somewhere in the forest until she opened her eyes and saw that she was back home inside her room. She had forgot how alive and and full of nature it was. She touched the tree and felt it reciprocate by implanting memories of her sleeping inside of it as a child.
She stood up from her bed 
“Thank you. I missed you too.” 
 She left the room in search of Jermaine. How did he get them here? Only a select few knew how to get back home. She walked down the staircase and smelled fresh bread and meat cooking. Her stomach rumbled , she was famished. 
She could hear her sisters voices far off, Flores was of course bossing Mary around.
“Mary you're going to burn that bread if you leave it in too long.”
“Oh, posh it’s a magic oven I’ve enchanted it so it won't burn.”
They both laughed at that. Mary was the first to  see Fauna. 
“Sister!” She ran over to her and hugged her tightly. “My dear,dear sister.”
Fauna pulled away and smiled.
“I’m alright.”
“Yes, yes you are.” She smiled brightly and hugged her tight once more. 
“You could have died summoning us that way you know” Flores said in her big sister matter of fact way from a few feet away from them, making Fauna feel guilty. 
“I’m sorry… I didn’t know what else to do. We were trapped.” She confessed.
“I understand.” Flores said, not wanting to make a fuss.
Fauna took a few step towards her. She had missed her older sister. The caring older sister who always looked out for her and Mary. Always making sure to protect what they had, as well as each other. She looked like that Fairy now. Without her entourage and her bodyguards, and her crown.
“Fauna, sister, I’m sorry. I haven’t been the easiest to get along with over these last few days.”
“Few days? “
“Weeks?”
“Try years, Your Majesty.”
“What!”
“You treat me as if I'm the klutz in the family. When in fact, I'm just as much of a contributor as both of you. Do you know why Mary and I let you become Queen?” She didn’t wait for Flores to answer. “We did it because we thought you couldn’t be bought and you would always be on the side of wisdom,reason, and truth. That hasn’t been the case has it sister? You’ve been consumed with what you can get out of the crown. Wielding its power like a crutch. I don’t want your apology. I want you to uphold our deal. Where is my husband?”
“He is asleep by the fire in the living room.” Mary chimed in.
“He has been quite invaluable to us all on this journey. I see why you married him.”
Fauna said nothing.
“Believe it or not sister, I am sorry for how I’ve treated you both. I would be completely helpless without you both. We’re all the family we have.” And with those words spoken she turned back to her duties in the kitchen.
 Mary kissed her cheeks as a small token of her gratitude and love. She saw Jermaine sleeping soundly on a straw mat by the open fireplace. She smiled. He was here with her. She kneeled down and gently shook him. He stirred,then awoke, surprised to see her.
“Fauna! Is it really you?”
She nodded her head yes.
He pulled her into his arms and hugged her tight. She returned the hug and she felt like the world was right again. He kissed her gently,but the jolt of telepathic communication they received was quite a lot in that small gesture. From it she knew he had been worried about her and didn’t know how he would be able to make it without her. His thoughts scared and excited her. For him, her thoughts had been warm and full of love for him. He always felt her love. She was happy to see him and she truly was happy to be his wife. Their hands laced together and she sat down on the mat beside him.
“I’m so glad you're awake. I was so…”
“I know.” she patted his hand. “I’m so sorry. I should have told you the truth about the summoning spell. I thought if I did you wouldn’t have let me use it.”
“You're damned right for thinking that.”
She smiled at that.
“I needed to though. Our debt is paid we are free to leave.”
He thought he had misheard her but she kept talking. 
“I have done my part of the bargain. You are safe...we are safe.”
“Where will we go after we leave here?” he asked .
“We can choose to stay wherever we want my love. Did you have a place in mind?” she asked .
“Yes I think we should stay here.”
“What!”
“Fauna, your sisters need your help finding Maleficent. I swore an oath to protect all three of you and I cannot break it.”
She looked defeated.
“Please, Fauna, we both have a duty here, an obligation and we have to see it through.”
She was quiet for a few moments then she spoke. “Oh, alright, but don’t think I’m going to be happy about any of this.”
“I understand love,” he said as he kissed the back of her hand.
She looked down at her wardrobe and realized she was still wearing blood stained clothing.
“How long have I been asleep?”
“A few days now. We weren't sure if you'd pull through.”
“I’m sorry I  worried you.” She kissed him on his lips and broke it before it became out of control. “ I think I will have a bath and change.”
They stood up together and  he assisted her through the hallway and up the stairs. She was feeling like herself again. She didn’t mind him wanting to help her.
“Believe it or not, we’re all really glad you made it. See you soon.” He kissed her on her cheek and left her to her task.
She was happy she had decided to take her own advice and freshen up. Her wardrobe was unsalvageable. She wore a white chemise that hung off her shoulders with a brown leather corset and matching boots. Her hair spilled gloriously down her back and shoulders. The green tips standing out more because she wore the light colored material and when she felt she looked the part she went downstairs. Jermaine was taken aback by her old look and Flores and Mary smiled. It brought back so many fond, magical, memories to them both. She wasn’t concentrating on that however. She was more interested in finishing what had begun. They had to find Maleficent. She didn’t want her sister to harm her. In order for that to happen She would have to have some pretty strong debate tactics to change her sister’s mind. She didn’t want to get into it with her. Not now. Not when they were so close. She just wanted to complete the task. Mary was scanning through a book. Flores was mixing  a potion. Both welcomed her warmly and soon the three sisters were one hive mind. Each one working on  a different piece of the puzzle that was turning out to be their dangerous life. Mary had found nothing on reversing or stopping a sleeping curse, and Flores could only seem to make protection spells and potions. Fauna found the old map of their homeland. It showed maleficent’s castle.
If she was there would she be expecting them to rescue her? She asked herself. Probably not, mainly because of how abruptly their friendship had been tested and because of her sister’s betrayal, but anything was possible.
“I forgot all about these !” Mary said her voice laced with amusement and relief as she held a small brown leather satchel in her hands.They looked on as she emptied the little bag into her hands. They were mesmerized and in awe of the beautiful stones it had held. 
“Amethyst,Chaorite,Diamonds, and Emeralds.”
“Protection Stones. Clever little sister.” Flores praised her.
She smiled. “We need all the help we can get.”
“We don’t know what we are up against. I’m telling you, I don’t think it’s Maleficent. I think she is in danger.” Fauna said.
“I agree.” Flores said looking at her sister.
“You agree ? Since when?”
“Since I realized how crazy I have been acting. I should have never cast that spell on her. We wouldn’t be in this big mess. I just love being Queen fairy. Love to have servants who buzz about me. I love that these modernized people are so easily scared by what is different from them. It is powerful. I thought it was powerful, and then this sleeping curse business comes up again. We got lucky the first time. I just…” She trailed off, realizing she had been rambling to her dear siblings. She saw the sadness and love they felt for her in their eyes. Flores was strong , but her emotional wall was crumbling down around her fast and all she could do was brace herself for the wave of emotions she was feeling. She wiped her tears away with the back of her hand and before she knew it both sisters were on either side of her with their arms locked behind her waist. 
“Dear, dear sister. Don’t cry we will end this. You’ll see.” Mary whispered. 
She was still too overcome with emotion to speak.
“This is not your fault Sister. You did what you thought was best. I understand.”Fauna said.
“You always do.” Flores agreed. Fauna kissed her on her cheek lovingly. “You should have been Queen you know.” She continued. 
Fauna laughed it off. She looked at her sister and realized she wasn’t laughing or smiling. She had been serious.
“Sister, please…”
“No! It’s true. You are honest, kind, at one with everyone and everything around you. You are diplomatic and beautiful. You have the qualities of a Queen. I’ve seen it for quite some time, but I was so jealous of you. I would give you the most difficult tasks hoping you'd fail and yet you would still succeed. Without my aid. You found love and I..”
“Flo, we are always going to be there for each other. I’m glad you're becoming your old self again. Fauna is right. We don’t know what to expect, but as long as we are standing strong together we will be able to fight and win..”
They all knew that was their only choice. Fauna noticed Jermaine leaning on the kitchens door frame looking on and listening silently. She wondered if he had heard everything that was just said. She wanted to believe her sister Flores’ motives were true. She said she would help them find Maleficent before anymore harm could be done. Back on earth she told her she wanted Maleficent dead and would do anything to get her that way. So much had seemed to change in that brief instant. Flores really did seem like she was becoming more and more the Fairy sister she had grown up with centuries ago. The closeness she felt with Jermaine was unlike any other and even with his eyes on her she still could feel the caress of his hands on her cheeks,but knew it was only a thought he had projected onto her as she flitted around the kitchen using various wildflowers and herbs throughout the kitchen. Time was running out…



XVII
Maleficent stood in the inner chamber not knowing what was expected of her next. She was warring with herself from within. All she could think was that she had to leave . She turned around to leave, but Corvus obstructed her exit. 
“Please, let me out of here. I must-”
“No.” He interjected.
“No?” She repeated his words.
“No, Your Majesty.” He self corrected and continued. “Not until I show you one more thing.”
Before she could ask what he had in mind he lifted his arm up and pulled on the torch that hung inches above his head. The motion made it slide down and the floor began to sink and move down, giving her a sinking feeling. She stumbled a bit but gained her footing. This castle was full of dark secrets and surprises she didn’t know what to expect, or where he was taking her. The floor finally stopped  and Maleficent noticed they were in the heart of the castle. Everything was black. She heard Corvus snap his fingers and a lit torch materialised in his hand. They took a few steps forward and he dropped the torch. The flame caught and formed a circle while lighting the cavern. It was filled with different wondrous treasures. In the middle there was a glass casket outlined in gold. Inside of the casket she saw what appeared to be a perfectly preserved handsome man. She knew he was dead. He was beautiful to her. Is skin shimmered in the firelite. Her heart felt as if it were going to burst. She placed her hand on the casket. How strange for her to see the man she had loved dead in front of her and he looked as preserved as she was. She felt a single tear slide down her cheek and drop on the casket. When it did there was a loud rumble and the ground shook. She held onto the casket. 
“Your Majesty!” She heard Corvus shout.
As the rumbling grew louder she felt her skin becoming clammy and she suddenly didn’t feel well. She righted herself and fell to the ground. Her stomach felt as if something had gripped it and wouldn’t let go. She felt as if her breath was leaving her body. She saw Corvus from the corner of her eye. He stood in the corner watching her. She reached out her hand to him but he didn't move. The pain was unbearable and she was finally able to scream. When she did she didn't hear her voice she heard a monster’s. She looked at her hands and saw the scales and razor sharp nails on her hand. So it was true, she was a dragon. She felt like her body was being ripped apart. There was no way to stop the Maleficent she had tried to control these last few days. She was strong now, stronger than her. She was using everything she had. She felt like a fool for believing Corvus now. This was all apart of his plan. She screamed again and fell limp to the floor.
Corvus watched as his Mistress battled her own wills. He walked over to her to make sure she was still alive. When he saw she was he scooped her up in his arms and held her there. She slowly opened her eyes and he marveled at it. He had done it. He had waited four hundred years, but she was alive and she was back. He stared into her bright green eyes.
He saw the recognition light up on her face. She reached out with her now pale slender hand and touched his face.
“Corvus?” She asked.
He nodded.
“Am I?”
“Your Royal Evilness, yes, you are back.”
She stroked his face for a few more moments before saying, “I’m back.” She stood up not caring she had stepped on him in the process. She turned around and saw him.
“Dracol. How I’ve missed you.” with a flick of wrist her magic removed the glass coffin lid. She put her hand to his cold cheek and kissed him on the forehead. “I’m so close my darling.The wretched King escaped my grasp, but I will share my pain with some who are still deserving of it. Three to be exact. It will all be over soon and I will be able to be with you.” She put her hand to his chest. She could recall so vividly how strong his heartbeat was and how happy they had been together. It was only a memory now. A shadow of happiness. A happiness that seemed to constantly elude her.
She snapped her fingers and the lid was back on the coffin as if it had never been removed.
“Come Corvus, we have much to do in the time we have before our guests arrive.”
“Yes, Your Wickedness. May I say it’s splendid to have you back.”
She smiled her crooked Maleficent smile and said, “Why yes, it feels simply to die for…”





XVIIi

Each Fairy felt the renewed weight of the world on their shoulders as they trekked up the rocky terrain of vetitum montem, ‘Forbidden Mountain’, Maleficent’s castle. Flores had seemed more  helpful and caring in the past few days than she had in Centuries past. Mary seemed more resolute in being strong for everyone, and Fauna still felt like this entire thing was her fault. She still had no idea who they were up against and their motives. It all seemed surreal, as if they were blindly walking into a trap. Even with magic on their side she didn’t think it would be enough. They had fought this type of evil so long ago. The farther they walked up the thinner the air became. Memories of that fated day flooded them all except Jermaine. 
“Sister, we are here.” Flores announced,more out of nerves than anything.
“Here we are again.” Mary commented, swallowing hard.
“Let’s set it right, together.” Fauna said and all three walked forward until they stood in front of the old rickety drawbridge that lead to the entrance of the castle.
Each fairy took out their wand.
“Cornibus,” they said altogether, and each one's wings materialised. 
Flores and Mary flew up and over the forty foot long deteriorating bridge. 
A sick,green, looking fog covered the depths and made it seem fathomless. The feeling of foreboding seemed to loom over Fauna at the thought of their own peril.
Fauna turned and looked at Jermaine. This was the first time she had since they started this day and half trek up the mountain. She tried to protect her inner thoughts for fear he would worry about her. 
“Don’t worry so much.” He said with that irresistible smirk she was beginning to enjoy seeing. 
She took a deep breath and said what she'd been dreading to say to him since they'd started.
“Your journey ends here, now.” She reached into her satchel and retrieved a leather necklace with a clear stone on it. She put it inside the palm of his hand.“This is a wild fire stone it will take you home.”
She watched the expression on his face change from playful to something she wasn't use to seeing with him, anger.
“ I don't understand. I can't leave you. You mean everything to me. I promised your sister.”
“ I know what you promised but now I must absolve you from that promise. We don't know how this will all end and I don't want to lose any more people I love.” She felt a single tear slip away and roll down her cheek. “Please,if you love me,go. Promise me you won't follow me when I leave.”
He just stared at her blankly.
“Promise me !” 
He took her by her hand and put it to his lips while staring deep into her eyes it was as if he was memorizing her. She slowly backed away and her wings began to flutter. She flew away without looking back. She hoped what she did would truly be for the best for both of them. She dreaded this place and memories of them doing this very task centuries ago came to her. When she finally crossed the enormous gap they stood in front of the entrance to the Forbidden Castle. 
“We were wondering when you were going to show up.” Mary said. 
“I apologize. It took longer than I had anticipated.”
“What's that ?” Mary asked.
“She let Jermaine go.” Flores furnished.
“Oh no, I'm so sorry sister. Are you Alright?”
She smiled. She felt lucky to have such a caring sister like Mary. She answered.
“I'm focused on our goal, which is to locate Maleficent and reverse the sleeping curse.”
“Then why send him off if you know we're going to defeat her?”
“She doesn't.”
“Oh dear sister.” Pause. “Everything will work out as it should.” 
She nodded and blinked away the tears. 
She took a deep breath. For centuries she had thought that expression would always go in their favor. They were good,or so she thought. Now centuries later she could see it was more than good or bad or right or wrong. And she wasn't sure what side they would fall on when “everything” worked it's way out. She hoped their lives would be spared and the curse lifted, but her gift was the gift of nature and nurturing not premonition. 
“What's the plan?” Flores asked Fauna which caught her off guard. Flores was always in charge of their plans. 
“I think we should split up”
“Absolutely not !!” Mary exclaimed.
“It's our best chance at finding her.”Fauna assured them.
“Sister, are you sure? This is the only way?”Flores asked. 
“Yes.”
“Then come, Mary we will go through the front and our dear sister will go through the back.”
They all hugged once more then dispersed. It would all come to an end, one way or another…



XIX
Maleficent Watched as the three fairies split up just beyond the entryway into her castle. They had come for her. Come to destroy her yet again. She looked away from the reflection in the large brewing pot. It swirled about as it showed her what they were doing. She wouldn't let them stop her this time. Nothing could stop her this time. She would bring back the curse bigger and stronger than she had before. They all deserved it. Even centuries later they still judged her and made her feel low. Her anger boiled. How dare they. How dare they not see her for who she was. She would make them pay, but first,she wanted them to watch her destroy their home, and everything that meant something to them.
“Corvus, see to our guests.”
“Yes, Your Royal Wickedness.” 
She snapped her fingers and he turned into a black crow. He flew and landed on her shoulder. 
She stroked his shiny black feathers before she spoke.
“See to it that our guests arrive unharmed and held in the grand hall. That is where I will enact the curse. Go!” 
He made a cawing sound as he flew up and out of the cave they still were inside. She couldn’t bear to leave her love. Even in death he had a pull on her soul. Her happy ever after had been ripped away from her too many times. There was nothing left for her except for revenge. She had to curse these people who seemed to be happy. She had to curse their lives so the love would wither and die. She had to make them feel as heartbroken and empty as she felt. Only then would they understand her and possibly respect her and her decisions. They would see they weren't wicked or evil. They would see they were necessary for the circumstances and burden she carried. She slowly walked around his coffin. This was all for him, her love. Life was so much bearable when he had been alive and now life seemed to be playing a cruel cosmic joke on her. She wanted it to end. She felt herself breaking down and before she could crumble Corvus was in male form holding her gently around the waist. He was the only one left who cared about her and how she was. He knew her unlike any other. All these centuries he had remained true to her. He was more than her sidekick, he was her confidant, her friend, and her lover. Being closed off to the world to assist the Mistress of Evil came with a price and Corvus understood he would be there for her in ways that were unsaid. In the past whenever her loneliness crept in he would distract her by letting her humiliate him or sleep with him. This time was different. Maleficent turned to face him. He kissed her hard. She felt herself wanting to push him away and to say that she was in control but she didn't. She let him take over. The kiss they shared was exquisite. Their tongues danced, delving in and out. He was such a wonderful kisser and she didn't recall her ever giving him permission to do so. She silently chastised herself for not letting him do it sooner. He pulled her close and his strong hands roamed over her tight velvet dress to her nice firm buttocks. She moaned in his mouth and felt him harden against her pelvis. She felt something awaken in her. It took everything she had to break away from the kiss. It was beyond a distraction. 
She looked up at him then. Took a step back and then backhanded him.
“Don’t ever touch me without permission. Is that understood?” 
His head was down as a sign of submission. “Yes Mistress,” was all he said.
“Now, why have you come to disturb me ?”
“I have two of the three fairies.”
“Where’s the third?”
“Dead.”
“I told you I wanted them all alive Corvus!” she grabbed him by his throat and began to squeeze.
He gurgled for air.
“If I didn’t need you I would crush your windpipe. Right.Now.” She watched him turn purple and she finally let him go. He stumbled back and gulped in the air. 
She walked past him out of the cavern and back into the space that had brought her down.
“Are you coming?” She asked standing stoic and strong. She snapped her fingers and moments later Corvus the crow flew to perch on her shoulder. She picked up her black alabaster and opal cane. She had missed holding it. She used it to touch the torch light and right it, by doing that the floor once more moved and they were on there way to pay a visit to two very meddlesome fairies…
    

XX
Flores wasn’t scared, but Mary, on the other hand, was petrified. Somehow they’d been ambushed by Maleficent’s henchman before they could enter the castle, and now they sat in separate iron lined cages that dangled above the grand hall of Castle Draco. It looked the same to Flores, except for the layer of dust and cobwebs that cloaked it now. Flores had only been in here once before and that was after they had destroyed her, or at least thought they had. She had wanted to see what Maleficent, the Mistress of Evil treasured. Of course she had found her trinkets and dark rituals fowl and disturbing, but she had seen them nonetheless, and in seeing them it somehow helped validate for her that Maleficent was just as she had thought, a villain.Thus justifying her actions and the way she had treated her in the past and the present. To her dismay, centuries later she found herself in the same predicament they had been  before, only this time there was a slight change. Fauna. Their dear sister had fled before Maleficent’s cronie could throw the iron net on her. It had already been too late for Flores and Mary he had used iron shackles for them. It burned their flesh. She looked down at her wrists. There was no scarring,but she would never forget that kind of severe burning pain. She looked over at the other cage. They were dangling sixty feet in the air. Mary looked terrified and all Flores wanted to do was escape so she could help her sister. 
“Are you alright?” She asked.
“What do you think?” Mary, who was always known for her flirty, sunny disposition snapped.
“I will take that as a ‘no’.” She pulled her knees to her chest and rested her chin there. She was thinking up a plan. 
“How are we to escape this? We are at least fifty feet in the air. The cages are made from pure iron so our magic is useless. All we can do is wait. This wasn’t suppose to end like this.”
“End? Sister, it isn’t over.”
“It isn’t?”
“Of course it isn’t. Fauna will help us. You will see.”
“How can you be so sure she survived?”
“I just know it. Fauna will rescue us. Never forget sister, good will always defeat evil.”
Mary smiled an empty smile and Flores tried to pretend they were both ok. 
That's when they both heard her coming. It was like someone had sucked all of the air and light  out of the room and replaced it with cold,dead silence. Involuntary chills and fear was an all too familiar feeling in association with Maleficent. Flores and Mary watched Maleficent walk into the room. They looked at one another and then back down.
Corvus transformed back into his human form, walked over to the wall, and pulled on a large lever connected to the chains that  held the cages they were in. They both wanted to hold on to the bars but knew touching the iron could make them sick, or worse burn them. They both sat in the center of the wildly moving cages,dangling with each story they descended until it was securely upon the ground.
Flores would not let herself unravel. Maleficent looked exactly like she recalled so long ago and the girl she had met before was gone. She wore the the deep cut, black, skintight gown. Her hair was lavender and her eyes sparkled green. Yes, this was Maleficent. She stilled herself for the grueling interrogation she knew was to follow. She looked at her companion he seemed entranced by the Queen of Darkness. She watched as she sauntered over to her, haughty and regal.
“Ah, welcome back to Castle Draco. I hope you’ll find the stay comfortable.” She walked between the two cages, and then began to slowly twirl each one. “We have so much to discuss.”
“I will never speak to the likes of you.” Flores spat back at her.
Maleficent feigned hurt. Then showed that maniacal  smile.
“Yes you will. You will speak to me, or you will watch your sister here get peeled like a grape.” 
Flores flushed and held her head down.
Satisfied with the gesture Maleficent continued. 
“I was trapped inside that girl. I saw everything. The way you treated her, and me. To think you're what's passing for Royalty these days. Why, that's utterly ridiculous.” Her laughter filled the hall and echoed.
Flores was incensed.
“Don’t you talk to my sister like that, you bitch!” Mary protested from her cage. 
Maleficent moved her hand and Mary flew across her cage and landed hard on the bars.
“Ok ! Ok ! I will do it, just, please, leave my sister alone. I’ve already lost one.”
“Why? And ruin all the fun, no,my dear. You were invited to my party. Either talk or get used as a Fairy pinata.  Your choice…”



******
Fauna didn’t know how long she had been trapped on the tiny rock ledge overlooking the deep ravine. She had been knocked unconscious and now her head was pounding. The sky had lost its color and the ominous green cloud seemed to make it dark and desolate. How she had gotten there shocked her more than her being there. She hadn't expected the very same man who had locked her and Jermaine in the room to be here. She had watched as he quickly defeated her sisters and in a panic she had jumped. She hadn't the time to use her wings and ended up falling on a mini ledge. She was seated now rubbing her sore shoulder. She had to rescue them. She took a deep breath to steady and calm her nerves. Her wings materialised. She held her injured arm in place as she flew twenty feet up back to the Castle's entrance. She surveyed the entrance once more and began the ascent into the castle. It reminded her of when they had sent so many Princes’ to their deaths in the sake of awaking the Princess, but they could never beat her in dragon form. It felt eerie and surreal to be back in this dreadful place. She wondered if the young man she’d seen was acting alone.
 She took the first flight of stairs with ease. The second set had the middle missing. She recalled it being damaged from when the dragon had climbed up the castle crushing some of the architecture with it’s claws. She concentrated and her wings materialised once more and she decided to fly the rest of the way. She heard a noise on the wind and circled back down closer to one of the stone towers that protruded out of the castle. There was a window she peered in and saw what she hoped she wouldn’t. Her sisters were both being held in cages. She spotted the man once more. He was standing stoically, guarding the door. A stone pillar obstructed her view she saw a shadow, and then the shadow moved. It was Maleficent. Fauna felt herself becoming more upset with Flores for using the amplification spell. She flew out of view. She had seen all she needed to make a decision as to what she needed to do. This time history would have her play the role of the knight, rescuing her sisters, the Queen and Princess. She knew she should be terrified pl about the consequences but all of that seemed small in comparison to losing her only family and friends. They were her sisters and her best friends. She had to succeed there was no room for failure. She flitted about the castle noticing it was unlively. No one in the keep or courtyard, except an empty fountain in the shape of a monstrous bird, and stairs leading to the towers that now had doorways filled with cobwebs. She kept going until she entered the castle without making a sound. She had managed to enter the grand hall with very little disturbance. She had a vague idea where they were being held, and to her surprise it didn't take her long to find it. She could hear Maleficent's cackle through the thick oak door. She threw all caution to the wind and decided to barge in. 
She took a deep breath, held up her wand and spoke.
“Apertus!”
The door flung open and she saw Maleficent turn towards her. She noticed the surprise on her face and so much more. This was the old Maleficent, the kind innocent being she had promised to protect was gone, and in her place was the woman they had spent centuries trying to forget.
“Fauna!” She heard both her sisters say simultaneously.
“Ah, I see the third has shown up.” 
Corvus who had been knocked to the ground by the doors bursting open was now holding his side in pain. He began to speak to Maleficent rapidly.
“Your wickedness, please, forgive me. I thought she had ended her own life by jumping off of the edge.”
She didn't acknowledge him,just walked over to Fauna. She seemed to tower over her. Fauna knew most people, and fae had been intimidated by Maleficent, and the way she acted, but Fauna was not and never been.
“Unhand my sisters Maleficent!”
She watched as her sparkling green eyes danced with mischief. 
“I cannot do that,Fauna dear.”
“Why?”
“Because they have to pay.”
“Pay?” 
“ Yes! Pay! For centuries I slumbered half dead, half awake. Replaying the mistakes I had made in my life. But now I realize they were your own. Taking the King's side when he broke the rules and killed Draco. You didn't care then did you?”
There was so many emotions felt in her words but she conveyed only one,vengefulness. Fauna had been given the gift of empathizing with any and all human beings. Maleficent being one of them. The words she had spoke had been locked up inside her for so long it was time to let it out, maybe this was what needed to happen. She saw her assistant standing like a statue out of the corner of her eyes. Her sisters dangled in the cages, but seemed to be acting as calm as one could when they were held against their will. Maleficent slowly circled her. 
“I lost an innocent child ! No one cared! They only cared about the precious Princess Aurora’s birth! You tell me how you would feel if your happy endings had been ripped from you not once, but twice ! You're forced into exile and when you awaken it's the same creatures who had tried to destroy you telling you to trust them.” 
She was standing face to face with Fauna when she a had spoke the last few words. 
“I'm so sorry ….”
“Now,now don't be sorry. Be useful.”
Fauna didn't understand her meaning.
“Join me.”
She had never thought those words would ever come out of this one's mouth. 
“You understand what I am and you understand what your sisters have become. They are no better than common humans. Lying and conniving. Help me enact the sleeping curse and we can rule together. There is plenty of world to go around. I'm not greedy.” She chuckled at her own joke.
Fauna had been questioning her sisters motives for the last couple of years, now hearing Maleficent say them aloud shook her. She was definitely torn now, and her plan to talk her into freeing her sisters wasn't going well at all. She had to be quick on her feet. 
“Fauna, you are the only Fairy who had ever treated me with civility.” The word sounded foreign to her own ears. “Thank you.”
“I failed you.”
“ Did you fail me, or yourself?”
“You.”
Maleficent seemed amused by that deduction.
“Please indulge me and my assistant in this absurd explanation.”
“It's all quite simple really. I failed you when I entrusted you to my sister the Queen. I had no idea she would do that to you. I don’t know why she did that to you.”
“No time like the present to get some answers. Ask your precious sister now, my dear. Hear the lies drip from her lips like honey.” 
Fauna didn’t want to ask the questions that seemed to lay dormant within her because of familial and royal obligations. They could now be answered with no questions or looks. This wasn’t what she had hoped for but, it seemed she had no other choice. She had no real plan and now she would have to come up with something on the spot,and if getting the truth from her eldest sister would stall until she could come up with a significant plan she didn’t mind  doing it.
“Well, come now, we haven’t got all day. Dear Fauna, ask her.”
The last two words she spoke sounded more like a demand than a request. 
She obeyed. “Flores why did you do the amplification spell ?”
Flores looked flushed. That was the only sign she was affected by the interrogation that was about to begin, by her sister no less. 
Flores swallowed hard and stood perfectly still inside the center of the cage that held her. Fauna could feel the radiation from the iron Maleficent had forged into the metal. She watched from a safe distance and finally her sister spoke.
“It had to be done.” 
“Why?”
“Because I needed Maleficent to break the spell. I had no other choice since you…” She trailed off.
Fauna bristled. Her sister was once again going to place the blame on her and pretend she was the regal, practical one. It irked her, even though they had said they had forgiven each other. She now sensed something else in her sister, and it wasn’t forgiveness. Anger? Or maybe jealousy.
“Please finish your sentence Your Highness.” Maleficent encouraged ruthlessly. Loving the emotional disarray between the fairies. 
“Before time ran out.” She finished neatly.
“Oh, dont pretend. We all know what you were going to say. You were going to place further  blame on  your sister weren’t you?” She began to slowly circle Flores’ cage. Once more her sparkling green eyes dancing terribly as she reveled in shattering the Fairy Queen. “Answer me.” She said coldly. The edge in her voice letting her know she was serious.
She answered, sounding defeated when she did. “You are right. I was going to blame Fauna.”
“Ah, she seems to always get blamed for your shortcomings Highness. Now why is that?”
Flores didn’t want to answer, but she had no choice. 
“I don’t blame her. I place blame where the fault lies, and since she has a great dealing with some of our ancient and personal matters I expect her to carry out the tasks sufficiently without an issue.”
“Are you sure Highness?” She asked once more.
That question incensed her.
“Of course I am sure! Why on earth? Never mind.” 
She knew this was Maleficent’s sick strategy to defeating them. She couldn’t fall prey to her games, even if she was in one.
“I say that because long ago when you three first assisted the King it was you who got all of the attention but it was Fauna who did all of the work. I wonder if Fauna had had the courage to stand up to you where would she be now. Not trying to rescue someone who obviously has been jealous and intimidated by their little sister since the day she was born.”
Her words sliced through Flores. No one had ever spoke to her about herself like that in centuries, and the feeling was unnerving. It made her feel vulnerable. 
Fauna stood there quiet looking from Maleficent and Flores and then to Mary who had been quietly growing sicker by the second. She was still smiling but the dark crescents under her eyes let Fauna know the effects the iron were beginning to take their toll on her.
“Your sister has been nothing but kind to you and to every creature she encounters. I watched trapped in my own body. Scared she would hurt me, and she never did. Instead, she gave me shelter, food and tried to teach me about the new life she thought I deserved. Something I would have expected from the Queen of Fairies since it is my help you wanted, but no. You insult me at every turn, and then torture an innocent. I felt my pure self fighting the pain as she begged you to stop and you said no. I must show you that same hospitality Your Highness.” She stood in the center of the three fairies. “I will enact the curse at dusk and if you and your sister are still alive you will get to see my happy ending.” She turned her attention to Fauna, picking up her hands with her pale thin ones. “Fauna, I am giving you a choice.  You can be spared, and enjoy this new world and reap all it has to offer, or you can stay here and die with your so called family.”
Fauna didn't feel like that was a good choice. She still didn't have a plausible plan and there was only a few hours left before dusk. She closed her eyes and said a silent prayer for enough strength to withstand the mistress of Evil and save everyone she was depending on it...

XXI
Maleficent felt like her head was going to split open. She wasn’t quite sure she wanted to make that known since she was almost at the precipice of her revenge being exacted. Capturing the fairies so easily had been pure luck. Her hands felt clammy and she felt tiny beads of sweat forming on her upper lip. Maybe she was just over excited, after all this was her first day back. She had been a little surprised at how easy it had been to get rid of the other Maleficent. It made her both happy and sad in a way. Happy, because she was free to be her evil revenge seeking self, and sad because if was that easy to snuff out the goodness inside of her. Surely she was not  meant to be just as she was now, dark, empty, and evil. Would this really be her happy ending? Or a repeat of the  countless failure she had encountered. She took a deep breath and shook it off. There was no turning back now.  She looked over at Corvus who was getting into guard position at the door of her chamber. 
Since Maleficent believed she was on her side Fauna decided to ask her the question that had haunted her since all of this had began no more than a week ago. 
“Can you tell me how to stop the spell on the town?”
“It has already been stopped.” She was watching Fauna for her reaction when she spoke. “Corvus enacted the Curse.”
Corvus, quiet and strong stood directly in front of her door standing guard now. Fauna felt intimidated by him. He looked different. 
“Why?”
“He found out I wasn’t dead. He had been practicing magic. Using my books, and some old connections. He learned how to enact a small one. One large enough to get your attention. Once that happened he bribed your sister's closest confidants Spirion & that other snake and made them encourage your sister to invoke the amplification spell to awaken me. Your kindness and the budding love affair you have with your bodyguard was quite unexpected, but here we are on the same side. All because of my faithful servant Corvus. He has been most invaluable to me in his centuries of servitude to me.” flashes of his hot kisses flashed through her mind. She suppressed the thoughts and focused on the conversation.
“I understand.” She truly did now. It all made sense. This had been a trap from the beginning. She felt so foolish for not seeing it for what it was, but didn’t let that show.
“Do you?.”
“Yes, I feel the same way about my sisters.”
She laughed harshly. “I doubt that. Your sister walks all over you.”
“That's not true. I don’t let her!” She denied the claim 
“Say it with more anger. That way I may actually believe you.” Maleficent smirked. “She used you and preys upon the strong familial obligation you feel. You’re caring, empathetic nature has lead you to this very moment and the blind hatred I have for mankind has lead me here as well. We are the same on the opposite spectrum of life. Tortured souls by the very people we are taught to trust and love. Once I unleash this curse, and it is done, we can be whoever we want to be and not have to worry about getting our happy endings, because we will already have the best kind liberation from humans and the embracing of a new Queen.”
“Now who's the one getting carried away? You were always melodramatic you know that?”
“What did you say to me?”
“Oh you heard me. If we are to be partners I should be able to speak with you plainly I was always able to do so with my sister, and  if i may say so enacting the curse is one of the least beneficial things you could do to damage your progress since you awoke.”
“What nonsense are you speaking ?”
“Maleficent, you were awakened to one of the most enlightened eras of all. Humans aren't like they were when you and I were young. They aren’t full of fear and mischief. They are compassionate, kind and generally good people. We don't have to hide in this world. Happy endings are a thing of the past. Here in this century you make your own ending or new beginning. I found mine, but alas it would seem that it were not to be. You were once a good woman and a kind dragon Queen. I remember those days. I’m sorry the King took him away from you. I’m sorry you lost your child.”
“Stop !”
“Araceli, I’m sorry.”
“Damn you ! Stop it !” She jumped up from the black leather wingback chair she had been sitting in as if something had bit her and began to savagely pace the length of her chamber. Purple tears streaming down her pale face her ruby red lips snarled in anger as her slender finger flexed baring her claws. Fauna had went too far, but she had no choice. Knowing now what she knew she had to stop her by any means necessary. No One knew Maleficent's real name because after her sacrifice to the black dragon she had been deemed dead. After the King murdered Dracol she became Maleficent. No one had called her that name in over five hundred years and when she had it seemed to pierce her soul. It was as if Fauna had seen right through her powerful sorcery and into the depths of her soul. The tears had been involuntary but now that she had opened the wound she felt like raging.
“You couldn’t be sorry enough ! You and your sisters just stood by while he butchered him.”
“We didn’t know !”
“You’re lying !”
“I’m not! We didn’t know. They told us nothing of capturing the black dragon. Please understand you were not the only person the King betrayed. But you of all people deserve to be happy, and for that I am sorry.”
Maleficent's head and heart pounded once more and she felt herself almost losing her balance.
“Are you aright?” Fauna asked concerned.
“Of course I am! It’s all this talk of nonsense. It’s making me sick.” She retorted.
“It’s time Your Excellency.” Corvus said.
“Ah, it’s time. Are you ready to usher in a new era with me?”
Fauna swallowed hard. She didn’t know what to say to her. She was terrified. This Maleficent was so hell bent on accomplishing this task. 
She nodded her agreement.
“Good, come now. We have some business to attend to . Corvus.”
“Everything is ready Your Evilness.” He answered immediately.
“Good.”
They walked quickly to the great hall where her sisters had been held. In the center of the room was a large cast iron pot over a roiling fire pit. A small  island made of black marble had been set up with various vials of different colors and sizes atop its counter. She saw her sisters. They looked even worse now than they had just a few hours ago. Their blonde hair was now gray. They both looked like old people. It had begun. Their weakness was exposed. The iron bars were slowly killing them. They both looked as if they wanted to fall from the seated position they held in the center of the cages. The task of just remaining still seemed more like a burden now that they were growing weaker by the second. Touching the bars left a permanent scar. They would soon grow tired, and once they touched the iron there was nothing more she could do to rescue them from their fate. She couldn’t let her see how disturbed it was. She willed herself not to break down in tears. She had to be strong. She took a deep breath and walked past them as if they were nothing. It broke her heart in doing so. She watched as Maleficent banged her large wooden stick  on the floor twice, turning the flames from a hot, bright orange into a cool green. The flames licked around the pot and it began to slowly boil. A sinister smile crossed her lips and she went to the task of putting the active ingredients into the pot.
“Ragweed. Blood of a star. The eyes of a blind man. The tears of a dragon.” She threw each ingredient into the fire and with each flick of her wrist the potion grew stronger until the purplish black cloud formed at the top of the pot and began to slowly slither out. 
It was starting. “Now for the final ingredient. The heart of a pure fairy. Corvus! Take Her Majesty out of the cage so I can rip her heart out.”
“With pleasure.” Corvus said.
“Wait! No! Maleficent ! Take mine!”Fauna spoke up. Not wanting to lose her sister.
“Yours? What of our plans...I see… still letting her use you I see.”Maleficent said.
“That is fine!” They all heard Flores say. Her voice was weak and trembling, but it still managed to echo in the large room. “I will see to my own fate sister.”
Corvus opened the cage and as if she weighed nothing lifted and carried her out of it until she was standing directly in front of Maleficent. 
Fauna felt herself wanting to fight with all the strength she had, but she couldn’t she needed this to play out more. 
“I’m not scared Sister, and besides Maleficent is right. You have been used by me enough.” She saw the eye contact. Her sister was trying to signal her, but for what. Then she remembered the blood spell. She slowly pulled her dagger from its sheath and put both hands behind her back. Once did that she sliced her upper forearm just enough and silently chanted the words that would connect them.
“Sister we must find a way. Once she has my heart you must wait until she has enacted the curse, she is weakest then. I’m sorry I used you and was so petty.”
The words started to fade in her mind and they were back inside the room .
Maleficent forcefully put her hand inside of Flores’s chest. Fauna slightly jumped at the gesture. 
“Finally, the heart of a pure fairy.”
“It doesn’t look so good your evilness. It’s dark. Why?”
“Because our good fairy hasn’t been so good.” She held her heart up so all could see the black freckles that permeated it. It was no longer bright red, but a black red now. “You poor thing, thinking you were a good fairy. Now look at you, your heart is just as dark as the King’s was.” She threw her head back and cackled. It sounded like thunder making the entire room shake. “And what you all said mine was. What a shame. I did have high hopes to use yours for this curse, but alas you will die anyway.” She squeezed Flores’ heart in her slender hands. It turned into ash and crumbled. Flores had a contorted look on her face. One of pain and shock. She had immediately turned into a marble statue.
Fauna screamed !
Maleficent walked away.
“Bring me the other sister!” She commanded Corvus. “I just may have to take you up on your offer Fauna dear, if this sister’s heart was like the last.”
Corvus opened the cage and carried Mary over to them. 
She looked terrified.  
Fauna saw something behind Maleficent and Corvus out of the corner of her eye. She realized it was Jermaine. He was alive ! She felt a renewed energy surge through her. She remembered her sister's words, wait until she enacts the curse. She watched as Maleficent did what she had done to Flores to Mary,  ripping her sisters  heart out of her chest. She smiled as she surveyed the crystallized organ.
“It’s perfect.” She admitted.
She used her left hand and held it inches above the black smoke coming from the pot. Before their eyes Mary’s heart turned black. Fauna watched as Mary disintegrated into the black smoke with each swivel of smoke that entered her heart.  The black smoke seemed to disappear with Mary. Both her sisters were gone. It was just her and the man she loved now, and it was up to her to save them and the world. 
“See, that wasn’t so bad.” She said still smiling holding the black heart in her left hand and her staff in the other. “Now it's time.” 
Using the staff she opened all the doors and windows inside of the room. She walked out onto the balcony. They both followed her. Corvus stood on her left and Fauna stood on her right. They said nothing and the silence was deafening. She pointed her staff to the sky.  A green vortex began to form and swirl overhead. Still, no one made any outward reaction. Fauna knew this was her last and only chance. She grabbed Maleficent’s arm and turned her to look into her green eyes. 
Emerald met electric.
“Araceli? If you are in there you must help me. You must fight her !”
Maleficent wrenched her arm free and with her staff flung Fauna. She landed hard on the stone floor. 
“Corvus ! Kill her!” She shouted.
“Aye!” Just as he took a step towards her Jermaine stepped onto the balcony.
“I wouldn’t touch her if  I were you.”
Corvus looked incensed and charged Jermaine. Both men fought and struggled. Jermaine landed a few solid punches as well as  Corvus. Who seemed much stronger than she had thought. She watched as the men fought until Maleficent charged her.
“I will kill you myself!” She shouted, and with her magic staff aimed directly at Fauna. 
Fauna closed her eyes ready to be with her sisters in the afterlife of fairies, but after a few seconds she realized that wasn't going to happen. 
Maleficent seemed paralyzed. She was frozen in that position.
Her words were stagnated. “ What..is...happening...I can’t…”
Then Fauna heard it. Araceli’s voice.
“Fauna, I don’t know how much longer I can hold her.” 
“Get...back… you...weak…” She had dropped the staff and was now trying to take control the heart she was trying to lift up to the eye of the vortex to enact the curse. Fauna watched in awe as Araceli took the black heart and forced it into her and Maleficent’s chest.
“Noooo!” Evil Maleficent screamed and fell to her knees.
The fighting amongst the men had stopped as they watched Maleficent convulsing on the stone floor. Jermaine rushed to stand beside Fauna and she hadn’t realized he was there until he had draped his arm around her shoulder. With one final gut wrenching scream from Maleficent it was all over. 
The sky was no longer a dark putrid green vortex. It was crystal blue. The wind smelled of earth and not decay. 
Araceli lay on the ground now looking like she had the day Fauna had found her. 
“You killed her ! ” Corvus shouted. “You killed my queen ! The only woman who ever loved me for me.”
“She isn’t dead.”
“What?” said both men simultaneously.
“She isn’t dead.” She repeated. “She took the sleeping curse within her. True loves kiss can awaken her.” She felt for Corvus. He was misguided and a little fanatical, but he loved Maleficent and she could feel that. She touched his hand sympathetically and explained. “Corvus the mean and evil Maleficent you knew is gone forever, but this one here, Araceli, can be the happy ending you both deserve. “
She saw him pondering on what she had just informed him. 
He smiled through his tears. “I’m sorry for all of this. I just..”
“I know.” She said, patting his bare shoulder.
She stood up then. Jermaine noticed the cut on her arm. Ripped his shirt and bandaged it for her. He swooped her up in his arms and kissed her. She felt his thoughts and emotions in that kiss. He had been so worried and determined to not leave her alone and to protect her. He loved her. She felt overwhelmed with his love, and when the kiss was broken she wiped the tears.
“I’m so sorry about your sisters.” He said. He had received that information as well.
“I couldn’t save them.” She cried more.
He held her in his arms, rubbing her back as she shed her tears of sorrow.
“I think you saved the people who needed it the most, my love.”
“Who?” She said sniffling. 
He turned them around and she saw it then. Corvus and Araceli.
He was still kneeling over her slumbering corpse. She could see the love he had for her.
“They never got to share in the happiness and love you and your sisters so happily spread throughout the centuries. Now they can. Both your sisters died doing what was right.”
She felt assured by his words, but her heart still ached for the loss of her family. After a few more minutes Corvus walked up to them and spoke, but before he did he pulled out a dragon’s scale.
“This will take you wherever you wish to go. Just rub it and think of the place.”
“Thank you.” Fauna said
“No, thank you, Your Highness.”
She blushed at being called that, but she was the Queen of Fairies now.
Jermaine gently let her  down. She wrapped her arm around his midsection for support. He thought of home and rubbed the scale. They disappeared in front of Corvus’s eyes. 
****
Corvus gingerly picked her sleeping body up from off the stone floor. He carried her to his bedchamber making sure to place her gently on the large bed. He had waited so long to see this woman again. It had been an intense journey. The new Fairy Queen had been right. Maleficent would never be welcome in a world like today, but Araceli would and so would he. 
He knelt down beside her and placed a chaste  kiss on her lips. When their lips touched he instantly felt a surge of energy rush from her to him and then back again. He watched as she slowly opened her eyes. She was alive. He was overjoyed.  Her eyes were no longer green but back to that beautiful violet color they were when he had initially met her. Her tanned, flawless skin looked sun kissed. She looked over at him kneeling beside the bed, she recognized who he was.
“Cor- Corvus? Is that you?”
“Yes Your-, Araceli. It is I.”
“Wh-wh- what happened?”
He didn’t want to lie to her.
“We got our happy ending.”
“We did ?”
“Yes. We have each other.”
The old Maleficent would have surely slapped him for saying something as saccharine as that, but alas this Araceli only smiled.
“Good.” She was all she  said.
He sat on the bed next to her.
“Is it?” he asked.
“Of Course, you have always been there for me. Even after Dracol. I’m sorry i wasn’t very kind to you. I let revenge and power overshadow what should have been the most important thing to me. That was your loyalty and devotion to me when I was who I was.”
He was shocked. She had recalled who she was and what she had done all those years ago. Those were the words he had dreamed of hearing come out of her mouth and she had just said them.
“I love you.” He rushed on, not caring anymore of the consequences.
“I love you too.” She said smiling at him.
They kissed once more. It was a kiss that promised more than a happy ending. It was a kiss that promised that wherever life took them they could do anything as long as they were together.

THE END 

