Man and the Beast

Book 1 of the Beast Within Trilogy


J. Ashburn
Man and the Beast 
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2014 by J. Ashburn Fiction
All Rights Reserved
Cover Art Copyright © 2014 by Clarissa Yeo

All characters, events and descriptions in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons living or dead are the product of the author’s imagination and are purely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any mean, electronic or mechanical, without permission in writing from J. Ashburn.
It is but a dream when I see you, 
It is but a whisper when I hear your voice, 
You are not here but you are close to me,
My heart longs for the day when you are made real
One

Alec was having the dream again, feeling the night air on his naked flesh, the smell of the forest, the sound of the critters, the hunger, except, this time… it wasn’t a dream. 
He woke with a start. His heart was still trying to settle itself down. His pulse raced. His eyes scanned his immediate surroundings. Emerald green trees looming all around him, cool, crisp air washing over him, the scent of dirt filling his nostrils. The sound of birds added to the reality that he was indeed outside, in the woods, naked. He knew the species of birds in the vicinity, black birds, crows, robins, blue jays, cardinals. He could smell each of them. 
Nearby he detected the roar of traffic, not enough to drown out the birds, but it was there, haunting him, people, routine, discovery, danger. He sat up and looked down at himself, the thatch of golden hair in the center of his chest flecked with dirt. Then there was the blood. Crimson smears laced his body, mixed with soil and grass clinging to him in spots. He lifted his right hand to touch the blood when he noticed more of it on his fingers, darker on the tips of them. 
“God…” Alec’s breathing sped up. His heart slammed his chest again, relentlessly.  “What have I done?” He felt full, gorged. A strange taste lingered in his mouth. He started to wipe the blood and dirt from his body, over his belly and hips, down his muscled thighs. 
A snap echoed and stopped him. Panic swelled in his chest. He looked around again. He knew where he was—the Blue Hills. A popular hiking spot. Was someone coming? Alec was off the main trails, lying in overgrown brush, thick grass and thorny bushes. He pulled himself to his knees. He smelled something in the air, heard echoes in the distance. 
The Blue Hills were right off the main road that ran through town. If he cut across them to the west, he could follow the trails to the junction at Harper’s Bar and Court street. From there he could duck into the sand and gravel company and into the connecting green land behind his neighborhood. It he was going to do it, he had to do it now. Someone was drawing near.
Laughter resounded. Perfume caught his nose. Alec bolted. He cleared a deadfall with little effort. He leapt onto a cluster of boulders and slid down the other side without so much as breaking a sweat. 
What the hell? This isn’t me…it can’t be me. I’m still dreaming. I have to be.
He looked back at the distance he’d spanned. The sound of the traffic was further away now, the interlopers gone.  Alec grimaced, looked down at his bare feet, covered in mud, and ran again.
It took only moments for Alec to reach the other side of the Hills. He scrambled to the top of one of the smallest and saw the junction waiting below. He swallowed some air and kept to the trees on his descent. He smelled the greasy food of Harper’s wafting in the air and the heady smell of beer. Alec crouched at the edge of the crossroads, waiting for a gap in the traffic, some desolation in the road, a quiet moment with no witnesses. 
When that time came, Alec lunged as if his life depended on it and seconds later was gone again, harsh gravel assaulting the soles of his feet.
###
Home. Matt’s home. How would he get back in? What would Matt think? How could he explain any of this? Alec crept up to the sleepy bungalow and saw the bedroom window still open. Thank God Matt liked to sleep with the windows open, that fresh air, the cool temp, the smell of the outside. 
Alec reached the window ledge and climbed in, his belly rubbing against the sill, a squeak reverberating through the room. He collapsed onto the floor--good thing for the carpet. He looked up at the bed to see Matt still fast asleep. Good old Matt, always the late sleeper. Alec stared at his broad shoulders and curly brown hair. Matt’s eyes fluttered rapidly as if he was still in the middle of a dream. 
A smile crossed Alec’s lips before he remembered the blood dirt all over himself. He slipped into the adjoined bathroom and started the shower. Can’t let Matt see me like this. He grabbed the soap and lathered his smooth skin, his biceps and chest, down to his legs. He ran his hands over his ass, then down his legs again. The hot water felt good, the room filled with steam. For a moment he lost himself in the sheer pleasure and safety of it, his entire body refreshed until an image flashed inside his mind. 
The scene unfolded in bits and pieces. He was running through the Blue Hills, panting, snorting at the air. His hands dragged across the trees, hands that were now claws. His powerful legs propelled him great distances in seconds. His eyes picked up a derelict lying in the brush, a makeshift blanket around him. Alec closed in, his stomaching aching with hunger, his tongue licking his new canine teeth. The moonlight showered him and he lunged.
Alec yelled as a hand slipped around his waist. “You’re up late,” Matt whispered into his ear, then kissed the back of his neck. “You’re normally up and out by now, on your daily jog. I’m glad you’re late.” 
Matt slipped his hand around Alec’s dick, tickling his balls with his fingers. He covered Alec’s back in kisses and pulled him closer, pressing his hard dick against him. 
Alec turned slowly to face his lover. Matt’s lips met his and a tongue slipped into his mouth. He wrapped his arms around Matt, letting him play with him a moment longer. Alec worked his mouth to Matt’s ear. “Not now.”
Matt paused, looking up into Alec’s eyes. “What’s wrong? Don’t you want to? Come on, it’ll be fun. We never do it in the shower.”
“I don’t feel well. I think I might be coming down with something.”
Matt’s eyes widened with concern. “What is it? Is it serious? Do you want to go to the doctor?”
“It’s nothing like that. I didn’t sleep much last night.”
Matt wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tight. “I’m sorry to hear. You should go back to bed.”
Alec smiled. “Can’t now. But I think you’re right, I haven’t had my run. I might feel better if I just go out and do it.”
“You sure? Take it really slow, OK, baby?” Matt gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Alec caressed Matt’s cheek. “I will.” Alec stepped from the shower and let Matt finish using it, the steam rolling around Matt, water running down his muscled body. Alec watched him bend and stretch before yanking a towel from the bathroom rack and heading back into the bedroom.
He toweled off and slipped a gray hoodie sweatshirt over his body, followed by a pair of black jogging pants. White sneakers followed and he was out the door. Alec looked back on the house once, getting a glimpse of Matt’s silhouette and then staring down the street.
The neighborhood was sweet and suburban. Houses were all very similar, and lining the roads were manicured yards and long, paved driveways. Some were surrounded by picket fences or chain link, while others were enveloped with flower gardens or green hedges. 
Alec breathed in and out, letting the air fill his lungs. He was beginning to relax despite the pieces of memories that still hung in the back of his mind. There was much green space in town, the forest and the Hills, but Alec decided to avoid them altogether. His usual route would take him through the parkland and to the edge of the Hills, but not today. He avoided it all. The neighborhood would be just fine.
He rounded another corner, crossed a four-way stop, and scanned the various clotheslines and SUVs that were like fixtures around here. He smelled something earthy in the air, then fur, animal fur, sweat, gasoline, cooking meat, body odor. It all hit him so fast. His sense of smell was now stronger than it ever was before. What the hell? He was having trouble deciphering them all and where they were coming from.
Suddenly dogs started barking at him. House after house, yard after yard, dogs were throwing fits, jumping at the doors, roaring against fences and gates, scratching at windows.
Sweat broke out on Alec’s face; it streamed down the sides of his head. The back of his neck was soaked and his temples throbbed. Alec stopped dead in his run. Sounds and smells merged around him, assaulting his mind, setting his emotions off in different directions. 
Alec growled. It escaped him before he had time to stop it. Before he had time to even recognize what it was. He almost laughed at himself. It was ridiculous. Growling back at the neighborhood dogs. What was he doing? He must look like a fool standing there, growling at the air.
His hands clenched into fists. His muscles tensed. He felt the hair on his arms and chest bristle. No. No.  I can’t. Not here. I’m in the middle of everything. It’s broad daylight. 
Alec shook his head and ran off, running as fast as he could. He skimmed through the streets at an inhuman speed. He actually overtook a teenager in a red sports car. He bucked through a large corner yard and leapt over some huge rhododendron bushes.  He landed on his feet and listened. The car passed by the yard, he could hear the radio blaring, but beyond that he could hear the driver chewing gum and texting on his phone. Amazing. His hearing was simply amazing. 
Alec caught his breath again and fought to calm his heart and the adrenalin that pumped through his veins. 
What’s happening to me?
Two
When the night swept in, Alec was even more on edge. His heightened senses picked up everything, every night sound, every footfall, every stray scent. He even found he could see in the darkness. The backyard was crisp to him, and even though the veil of night had fallen, Alec saw the bats in the trees, the fireflies in the tall grass, and the movement of neighbors and cars several streets behind the border of their backyard.
His heart beat a little faster, not enough to cause him to fear for a heart attack; it was more like a higher metabolism, and a drive for more fuel. He could taste what he had devoured the night before still hanging in the back of his tongue, tickling his taste buds. He wanted more of it.
 Despite all  this, Alec still managed to fall asleep in Matt’s arms. The two were entwined in bed, the window open to the cool night air, as always. Alec’s mind launched directly into the dream world. He chased and was chased. He found himself in strange lands, running with strange people.
He woke suddenly, bathed in sweat. A low growl rose in his chest. His entire body was on fire. His heart pounded against his chest. Alec tingled all over, felt his blood pumping through every vein. He looked over at Matt, the sheet half off  his naked body, hovering around his waist. Matt sighed and turned on his side, the sheet slipping over his ass.
Alec grabbed him. It was as if something else had taken control of him. He pressed against Matt, tearing the sheet off  him. He slid his arm around Matt’s chest and pinched his nipple. He slid the other hand down Matt’s back to his ass and slipped a finger inside  him.  Matt moaned and it spurred Alec on even more. He pushed a second finger inside of Matt and worked his ass over. He nibbled on Matt’s ears, suckled his neck and turned him onto his belly. Alec worked his tongue down his spine, tickling Matt’s lower back; it always drove him crazy and Alec was turned on even more. He buried his lips between Matt’s buttocks and made him moan again and again.
Matt reached back and grabbed Alec’s hard cock. Alec growled as the drool wet his lips and Matt’s waiting ass. Alec climbed on top of him, holding him down, forcing all his weight down on his lover. Matt gasped, then sighed. Alec saw him grab hold of the headboard and he entered him. 
He rode Matt hard, in and out, pumping even harder with each breech. Matt twitched and quivered with pleasure, groaning louder and louder. The bed trembled and Alec pounded relentlessly. Matt’s yelps spurred him on even more. Alec enjoyed holding him down, feeling Matt struggle slightly beneath him, his legs kicking, his torso squirming, but Alec didn’t stop. He fucked him with abandon. 
Alec’s entire body burned. His muscles flexed with such power, he felt Matt’s flesh beneath him and he hungered for it. He wanted to bite him, to scratch him, to devour him. He ran his fingernails down Matt’s back.
Matt bucked and Alec felt him pushing up. Alec wrapped his arm around Matt’s throat, leaned down on him and bit his ear. Matt cried out and Alec came. 
The adrenalin exploded through Alec, every inch of him surging with ecstasy. He felt wild and unpredictable. It was as if the sex satiated his hungers. He rolled off of Matt and collapsed beside him. Matt reached over to him to kiss and caress him, but Alec fell back to sleep, blackness ensnaring his world.
###
The urge to urinate woke Alec., He’d just been dreaming that he was chasing a stag through the forest. He slipped the sheet off and stumbled from the bed. He was sluggish, achy, in a haze. He walked into the bathroom and stared down at the toilet. He spotted the blood oozing down his legs. Panic swelled inside of him. He lifted his hands and saw them covered in crimson. 
Alec ran from the bathroom and toward the bed when he saw the sheets drenched in dark, wet globs. He stopped and switched on the light. Matt was torn to pieces, teeth marks ravaging his flesh, ribs exposed, arms torn clean off, lifeless eyes staring up at Alec. 
Horror exploded inside of Alec. His jaw dropped and he screamed. “Matt! No!”
“Hey, babe.” Matt was suddenly standing in front him, giving him a peck on the cheek. Sunlight flooded the room. It was morning and all was well.
Alec stood there dumbfounded. He looked at his hands again and saw they were clean. No blood. He looked up at his lover. “Matt?”
“You were an animal last night.” Matt smiled. “You were a little rough but it was hot.” He moved past Alec and into the bathroom. “Next time I want to be on top.”
Alec shook his head, searched their bed for blood, and found none. He sat down on the bed and cried. 
###
After a hot shower and attempts to shake off the nightmares that plagued his night, Alec entered the kitchen to find Matt in his usual frenetic mode. Matt was chugging down some orange juice with a handful of vitamins and throwing some dark coffee into a thermos. It was his standard breakfast. He had a lot of energy in the morning and was always on the go. He was dressed in a sharp, navy suit with a crisp white shirt and tie. Matt was the Manager of Sales in a large corporation in the heart of the city and was hoping for a promotion to Director of Sales. He was young, ambitious and hungry. He spent copious amounts of time on his hair, his face, his suits, his attitude, and he played the game well. 
Alec knew he would get the promotion. Matt usually got whatever he set his mind to, expensive cars, vacation homes, lots of friends. 
“How do I look? Like the Director of Sales?” Matt asked with a wink and a smile. He had the cutest dimples and a knowing gleam in his eyes as if he was up to mischief.
“Like a sexy Director,” Alec chucked. “The hottest Director I’ve ever seen.”
“You flatter me.” He walked over and kissed Alec. He smelled of spicy cologne and an intoxicating shampoo. “I’ll see you tonight.”
Alec watched him leave and thought about how different they were. By amusing contrast, Alec wore work boots, sweatshirts, jeans to work. He wore a baseball cap and got dirty, sweaty, musty and dusty. He worked as a rigger on construction sites, someone who assisted in lifting and moving heavy cargo and material on job sites. Some of what he moved weighed thousands of tons. It was a hard job that required full trust in his team, but he was a natural at it and enjoyed working with his hands. After years of working in the industry, companies had begun calling and requesting him personally on their sites. 
He pulled open the refrigerator and grabbed three eggs, some milk, cheese and onions. There again, the totally difference between him and Matt, Matt’s breakfast of caffeine and pills designed to keep him on his feet and work long, tedious hours crunching numbers while Alec filled his belly with tons of food, especially protein--his muscles needed to be in top condition to keep himself and all of his co-workers safe on the job. His body was his tool.
Alec ran the blender and mixed up his protein shake to go with his omelet, bacon, and toast. After that, he found himself still hungry. He wanted more protein, more meat. He cooked up more bacon, found some cold cut ham, and threw that into the frying pan as well. He couldn’t get enough. 
He had exhausted everything he could find, and for a moment he stared at the cans of tuna sitting in the cabinet, but he was running out of time. Work beckoned and the guys started early. He hoped the food truck on site had plenty of meat today. 
Alec cleaned up, threw on a t-shirt then sweatshirt, and headed out to his dark green pickup truck. The truck roared to a start and for a second the engine seemed to growl at him. He froze, hearing the same roar in his head, as if in one of his dreams. He tried to shake it off, then pulled out of the driveway and sped off.
Along his drive he stared at the woods and the trees growing wild along the sides of the road. He turned around rocky bends and longed to be atop them. The natural world called to him. Flashes of his nocturnal adventures blinked through his mind. He saw the woods by night, felt the cool air on his naked body.  The moonlight bathed him. Energized him. Filled him. Lured him.
He saw animals fall at his feet. He saw himself fucking Matt last night. All of it melded together into one shattering vision and one combined desire… eat, drink, fuck. 
Alec felt drool covering his lips. He reached up with the back of his hand and wiped it clean. God, was he hungry.
Once he was out of the green, woodsy areas his mind settled and his thoughts turned to work, and the guys, the site and the buildings they were working on. A modern art museum was going up and that was cool. A few more months and he would be able to move on to another job at the wharf. Working with cargo boats would be a nice change of pace, and seeing the water might help with whatever was going on. At least he hoped it would. 
That’s what I need. A change of scene. 
A smile crossed his lips. He couldn’t remember the last time he smiled. 
###
The shades of purple and scarlet were a distraction. Alec drove home as fast as he could. Dusk settled around him. He enjoyed the night, the color of it, the smell of it, the feeling it instilled in him. To him, everything came to life when the night rolled in.
The radio hummed in the background as he thought of Matt. He licked his lips and felt his heart flutter. The road twisted and turned as the dark thickened and the shadows stretched. The last rays of the sunlight winked out. 
Alec pushed the gas a little harder. The truck revved and the trees, tall and black, zipped by him on both sides. Suddenly, a shape darted out in front of him. Alec slammed on his brakes and the truck skidded to a stop. A deer narrowly missed the front of the truck by inches. It scampered into the woods off the side of the road.  Alec roared at it, loud and angry. 
He jerked the wheel and the truck lurched toward the woods at full speed. God Almighty, his entire body burned with fire. The truck barreled off the road, churning up dirt and rocks. Alec cried with pain, terrible agony gripping the pit of his stomach. He didn’t know why he’d turned off the road and the pain now surged through his entire body.
He forced himself to push the brakes or the truck would have smashed the first tree. He threw it into park and screamed. His entire body dripped with sweat. His muscles pulsated. He heard his bones crack, his clothes rip.
Alec stumbled out of the truck and fell onto the wild grass that engulfed his truck. He smelled the deer in the air, he heard it patter through the woods and come to a stop. He screamed again, clutching the ground for support, rolling onto his knees. His muscles tore through his clothes, expanding, bulging. Long hair sprouted down his arms and across his chest. He felt his face grow hot, hot as a furnace. Teeth elongated from beneath his lips. His hands gnarled into claws, his fingernails growing, stretching, sharpening.
A howl escaped Alec and he sniffed the air. He was taller, stronger, hungrier. All of his senses enhanced. He smelled everything in the vicinity, pine trees, water from a brook, bats, birds, the deer. Yes, the deer. Meat. Flesh. Hunger.
He dashed into the woods on bare feet, feet that were more like paws now, long sharp nails thrashing through the grass, gripping the ground hard, keeping excellent balance. He leapt through the air, hurled himself over boulders, deadfall, bodies of water.
The deer appeared quick but made another run for it. Alec gave chase, closing in on it fast. He chased it through thick clusters of trees, snapping branches out of his way, huffing and snorting, his vision picking up every move of the animal, locked on it. He listened to its heart race, its hooves smacking the ground.
Alec leapt through the air and came crashing down on the animal. He ripped into it with claws, tearing flesh like paper, blood covering his new fur. He sank razor sharp teeth into its neck and bit down hard. Warm blood flooded his mouth and throat and he basked in it.
He ripped the beast from gullet to tail and devoured, savored, slurped. His hunger was insatiable, wild, primitive. His body was strong, agile, cunning. His senses drank in the experience. He loved the taste, the smell, the thrill of the kill. It was like nothing he had ever felt before and he couldn’t get enough. He bit and chewed again and again. More, more, more…
He stood up and barked at the moon, covered in deer blood, sweat and dirt. His heaving body was barely covered in the rags of what used to be his clothing. He looked around, snarled, blew hot air from his nostrils, and listened to some small animals scurrying away from his area.
Alec stomped back the way he’d come. His muscles twitched and began returning to normal. Claws retracted, bones reshaped and incisors were gone. He felt sick to his stomach and prepared to vomit but nothing came.
His heart slowed, his breathing calmed, but he was far from all right. He stopped himself looked at his naked body, the blood, and fell to his knees.
What’s happening to me? Tears streamed down his face. Hands trembled. Panic filled his every fiber, sweeping through him, sinking to the very bottom of his feet. What is it? What am I? My God… Oh, my God… what have I done?
He shut his eyes tight and screamed, lips quivering. No…no…no! 
Alec sank even lower, collapsing onto his ass. He held his face in his hands and cradled himself. He wanted Matt to hold him now, he imagined his lover’s arms wrapping around him. 
Matt? I can’t hurt him…I can’t …ever.
Leery of attention, Alec crept quietly back to his truck, discovering the door still open, the headlights on. There was a huge scratch on the inside of the driver’s door. He looked at his own fingernails and shook his head.
###
Alec stood outside the house. Moonlight shined down on him like a spotlight, bathing his entire body in pale, milky light. His skin glistened with blood and sweat. Gooseflesh spread over his muscled arms and thighs. 
He felt like a stranger at the threshold to his own home. Well, it was more Matt’s home than his. Always had been. Matt’s car sat quietly in the driveway, but Alec didn’t know what to do. He was terrified, trembling from head to toe, staring through the windows, waiting to see Matt discover him. Discover the truth. He was a killer. An animal ready to explode at any moment. 
He saw no signs of Matt. The house was lit up but all was quiet. Alec looked at himself again and tore off the last remnants of his clothes. Time to face the music.
The door was unlocked and he eased himself inside, walking into the kitchen. If someone, anyone, could see him now, he was like something out of a horror movie.
There was a note on the kitchen counter. Alec picked it up.
Next door with Jim and Sarah. Be back soon. Love you, Matt. 
Thank whatever God had cursed him for the slight break, for the momentary act of mercy. Alec dashed down the hall to the bathroom and threw himself into the shower. Again, he watched the blood and dirt circle down the drain as he tried hard to wash the evil away.
He heard the door slam just as he stepped from the steam-filled bathtub. The water beaded on his skin, quickly wiped away with a plush towel. Alec took a deep breath and opened the bathroom door.
Matt met him with a smile. He looked Alec up and down. “Just how I like you. Naked and ready to go.” He pulled Alec into his arms and kissed him. “You smell awesome but you never shower at night. What gives?”
“Nothing. Just a really dirty job tonight.”
“Sounds exciting.”
“Not really. How are Jim and Sarah?”
“You got my note. I should have left you a voicemail but my battery ran out on my phone again. They’re good. They’re going away and want us to take in their mail. I had a quick glass of wine with them. I ordered us Chinese. Should be here soon, OK?”
“It was your turn to cook.”
“I know but this will be much quicker. I’ll pay for it, don’t worry.”
“Whatever. As long as I get something to eat.” Again? Hungry again. Starving. Always hungry.
“You okay?” Matt’s brow furrowed. “Bad day at work?”
“Something like that. I’m sorry. Chinese is fine.”
“Great. Don’t sweat it. Tomorrow’s another day.”
Alec turned to put some clothes on as Matt left the room to set the table. “That’s what I’m afraid of,” he said under his breath. 
###
Alec’s eyes popped open, he felt Matt’s strong arms around him, smelled his natural scent, and grew aroused. His cock stiffened, and, at first, he thought another night of spontaneous passion was upon him until the hunger took over. Always hunger. Starving.
His body trembled and pain bit through his belly. He felt his blood boiling just beneath his veins. Sweat beaded across his face. Matt stirred slightly and panic swelled through Alec. Was he about to change again? Into that… that thing? Claws, and teeth and fur? 
The smell and feel of Matt drove him wild, crazy. He wanted to bite him, rip him. He was actually salivating, fucking salivating. No! Fight this! Fight it. Matt is my love, my world. I cannot do this. God damn you, I won’t do this.
Matt’s arms slipped off him and he turned over. Alec sat up, staring down on his lover. He lifted his hand, his fingers gnarling into a makeshift claw, and poised over Matt’s throat. He wanted to slash, cut, spill gallons of precious blood. He felt the hunger surging through him, combining with the agony of the beast within. A growl rose low, his vision flashed red, then into shades of gray. The veins in Matt’s neck pulsed. The scent of his flesh assaulted Alec’s senses.
No. Stop. No. 
His entire arm twitched. He grabbed it with his other hand and pulled it away. He closed his eyes and a vision filled the blackness. He saw himself as a wolf, a wolf with the face of a human, sinking human teeth into Matt and ripping flesh with effort, with strain, struggling to devour it, crying the entire time.
Finally, Alec pulled himself away from his lover and left the bed. He stumbled down the hall and stepped into the main bathroom. He searched the medicine cabinet and found some sleeping pills. He popped a couple into his mouth and swallowed them down with a handful of water.  It was all he could think of doing. 
I can’t do this to Matt. I can’t put him danger. I will kill him. I know it. 
Alec slid to the floor, collapsing against the wall. He looked up at the ceiling. “God help me… please. Someone help me.”
Three

“Alec! Alec!”
He opened his eyes slowly, his vision blurred, murky as if the room were full of steam. Matt’s face was dangerously close to his, a mask of concern scrawled across it. Alec rubbed his head and groaned. As reality set in, he discovered he was in the bathtub, where he’d spent the entire night.
“Matt?”
“God, are you OK, baby? Let me help you.” Matt slipped his arms around Alec and hoisted him to his feet.
“I’m OK, really.” Alec took a step back and leaned against the tiled shower wall.
“You spent the entire night here? I woke up and assumed you were out in the kitchen eating or already at work. What’s going on? You look terrible. I’m calling an ambulance.”
“No, Matt, I’m fine. I must have been sleepwalking.”
“Sleepwalking? I’ve never seen you sleepwalk. Ever.”
“I used to do it a lot when I was a kid. It’s nothing, really.”
Matt leaned in to him, placing his hand on Alec’s forehead. “You’re hot. I think I should take you to the doctor’s, then.”
Alec brushed Matt’s hand away and climbed out of the tub, moving past his lover. “I’ll stay home from work today and get some rest. I promise. I’ve just been having some insomnia. I’m just overtired, that’s all.”
“You sure I can’t do anything for you.”
“No, really, you are the best. Go on to work before you’re late. I’m going right back to bed.”
“Don’t make me worry about you.” Matt hugged him tight and kissed him, once on the lips, once on the cheek. 
“Never.” He forced a smile. 
Matt returned it, seeing him off to the bedroom before gathering up his coat and briefcase. Alec watched him leave the house, get into his car, and pull out of his driveway. “It’s me worried about you,” Alec said to himself. 
He waited a few moments, then grabbed a backpack and duffle bag from the bedroom closet. He stuffed clothes and supplies into the bags as fast as he could. “I’m not going to let something happen to him. My dreams are not coming true.”
A picture of him and Matt sat on his dresser. Alec took the photo from the frame and tucked it into the backpack. He checked his wallet for cash, credit cards, driver’s license. Everything was there. He shut off his cell phone and put on his watch. 
Boots, shoes, jackets, raincoats found their way into his truck. Then came a few blankets, a small radio, an alarm clock, and, finally, an old laptop neither of them used anymore. Alec stood in the bedroom again and changed into some fresh clothes. He tried to take the house key off of his key ring but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. His eyes welled.
His entire body felt weak, drained. His legs were heavy. His breathing quickened. He hated this. Hated himself. He picked up the bags and his arms trembled. His knees locked, threatening to give out, stranding him in the house until Matt returned to find a shell of a man, a baby shivering in the fetal position, a lost soul with no hope of redemption.
Finally, Alec dragged himself and the bags out of the house and to the truck. He slammed the doors and returned to the house one more time. He scanned the living room, their favorite spot on the sectional where they’d watched many silly sitcoms and rented movies—everything from science fiction romps to sappy gay romances. He looked at Matt’s impeccable decorating, his eye for color, his taste in art and house plants. A smile crossed his lips but was quickly chased away by gray clouds and a feeling of dread that swelled in the pit of his stomach.
Alec moved into the kitchen. A bowl of fresh fruit rested on the counter, the scent of coffee still hung faintly in the air—a bright room with all the modern cooking entrapments. He saw visions of himself whipping up a great meal for Matt, or the two of them cooking together, sharing a bottle of wine and listening to music. There was the time Matt cut his finger so bad it almost needed stitches. The blood was everywhere, soaking the cutting board and the steak they’d just bought.  
Blood. 
Alec could smell it. It was all around him, invading his senses and making him hungry again. Damn it! He needed to do this and do it now. 
He found the pad of paper and pen by the kitchen house phone and sat down to write the hardest letter of his life, a letter of lies mixed with some truth. God, how this sucked. His heart shattered. The tears came full force now; there was no holding them back. 
After finishing the letter, he set it down on the kitchen island where he knew Matt would find it. He hated that moment Matt would find it, cursed it. He knew how much it would hurt him, how confused he’d be, how he would have a hundred questions that had no answers. He would blame himself, he would be enraged, feel betrayed, and wish to hurt Alec the way he was hurt. Alec couldn’t blame him one bit, but he knew this was right. He knew he had to do it. He had to protect Matt and everyone else he loved--his friends, his sister Rachelle. None of them could be around him, not anymore.
Whatever this was inside him, whatever he was turning into, he hated it, every bit of it, and he would not stop until he tore it out of himself or died trying. 
The silence fell around him and he’d never felt so alone. He caught his breath and pushed himself onward, out the front door, locking it behind him. He climbed into the truck and did not look back as he drove down the street and out of the neighborhood.
###
It was as if the road pulled him along. He didn’t actually follow it; he obeyed it. Alec had no idea where he was going, but he headed north, drawn to the clear blue skies ahead and the sea of emerald-crowned trees. Hours of silence and reflection led to a horizon filled with a mountain range, and for the first time in days, Alec’s heart fluttered. Excitement crept gently inside of him. The mountains called to him, and somehow, he knew they held answers. He prayed they did. 
He didn’t know why, but as he grew closer to the mountains, he felt like he was returning home. The home he had always been missing. The one where he actually belonged. 
This is it, right? I’m doing the right thing? Yes. Alec told himself over and over –this is what he had to do to protect everyone. He was making the right choice. Get as far away as possible. The mountains told him so. The very sight of them reinforced it. There was something wild in his soul and the mountains knew what it was. They had to.
What would Rachelle think? His sister had always been there for him, more like a mother to him than his actual mother. She helped him through his coming out, the hardest thing he’d ever done, aside from what he was doing right now. Now this strange hunger, strange new side of himself that scared him more than coming out to the most difficult of parents. 
Rachelle would not understand this. She would not run away from it, she would confront it. She put her first boyfriend in his place, nearly kicked his ass when he tried to hit her. She wasn’t about to take that shit. No, sir. 
Alec looked down at his cell phone resting in his truck’s console and thought about turning it on, thought about calling Rachelle and letting her know what was going on, but he resisted the temptation. He didn’t want anyone calling. He didn’t want to talk to anyone. Matt, Work, Rachelle, their friends. He knew they would all call again and again. Alec couldn’t let them know anything. He had to pretend they didn’t exist, delete the messages, keep on moving. He needed a fresh start to get a handle on what was happening to him, figure it out and somehow stop it…it that was possible.
The road was long and lonely, the mountains, although always in sight, never seemed to get any closer. Finally, as dusk settled in waves of rust and purple, he entered the first mountain road. He felt moved to roll down his window and let the mountain air in.
There was a clean scent in the air and the forest grew up around him, swallowing his truck. Pine, birch, and some other unfamiliar smells wafted into the truck, tickling his senses. Somehow, he knew the mountain forest was alive with animals, berries, mushrooms, fresh food. Food? Why did he think of it that way? Was he planning to live off the forest?
Alec laughed aloud. Ridiculous. He wasn’t an animal. 
The road ascended, curling through the mountains as Alec climbed higher. The streetlights were growing scarce and the veil of night was settling. It would be pitch black soon and he had no idea where he was going to sleep.
As he drove he heard the rushing thunder of a waterfall. Along the tree line on the edge of the road he saw a river flowing. He rounded the road again and the edge was lined with guardrails. He was now on the edge of some cliffs, directly over the guardrails and other fences, their rails bent and crushed from pervious accidents. Alec saw a steep drop-off and a sea of vast forest turning from dark green to black. Across the tops of the trees he saw more mountain peaks.
A thin mist hung in the air now and the road suddenly dipped. Alec hit his brake to adjust to the change in geography and followed the road down.  He still had no idea where he was going, but it all felt somewhat familiar to him. The roads weren’t as alien as when he first started out. The trees seemed to welcome him. The smells were comforting. It was as if he belonged here. The mountains and their forest had been waiting for him.
A rustle caught Alec’s attention. It ripped through the forest on his left as if something were headed right for him. He brought the truck to a stop just as a rabbit dashed out of the brush. It scampered across the road and was gone. It was not alone. Something chased after it.
Alec turned to see a shape--that was the closest word his mind could come up with--stop just short of entering the road. Obscured by the brush and trees, it stood watching.  Alec sensed it staring at him.  He could hear heavy breathing.
The blood in Alec’s veins grew enflamed. His heart started to pound inside his chest. Sweat broke out across his brow. Alec stared at the shadow; he sensed a pair of eyes there, yellow eyes. 
Alec licked his lips. His breathing quickened. He found himself rubbing his chest, slipping his hand beneath his shirt and rubbing his nipples, then pinching them. He worked his hand down to his navel, his belly, then grabbed his crotch, feeling his dick get hard.
The figure in the forest was panting now, hard, loud. The trees shivered. Alec felt intense sensations wash over him. A breeze blew through the truck, driving the mist into it. He focused intently on the forest, the person standing there…it was a person, his mind was realizing this now…and reached for the button on his pants—
The dark figure bolted back to where it came, the forest crackling in its wake. Gone. Alec caught his breath. He wiped his forehead and collected himself.
“What the hell was that?”
Moonlight showered the road and Alec shivered. He put the truck back into gear and continued down the road.
###
Darkness filled the woods in a flood of shadows, and stars glinted on the horizon. Alec drove carefully as the road wound dangerously and the cliffs grew steeper with every turn. 
He rolled up his window as a chill caught him. The moon moved with him and he thought of Matt. The pain he must be feeling, the tears, the anger. He looked down at his cell again but stayed firm. He tried his best to ignore it.
The road finally leveled out and his headlights picked up a sign.  Welcome to Redfern. “Hello, Redfern.” Nice name for a town, he thought. It sounded earthy and natural, like it had sprung up in the forest along with the trees. He passed by a broken down picket fence invaded by weeds and overgrowth. The fence trailed off and ended by an open field. In the distance  was an old windmill illuminated in moonlight, one of its wings missing.
The scene was picturesque, like something out of old country painting. Street lights appeared again, glowing amber and signaling a slight return to civilization. It actually comforted Alec a bit. He was less anxious as a few houses appeared on the side of the road. One was dark and quiet, another was lit up, an outside lamppost, a light in the upstairs bedroom window, someone getting ready for bed or a couple about to make love, the possibilities were endless.
Alec came to the first intersection in hours, a stop sign halted him temporarily, and he turned right. Double lines appeared in the road and more lights glowed in the distance, but still, everywhere he looked he saw the faces of cliffs and thick forest with towering trees.
He passed by a closed farm stand and an antique shop before actual buildings with more than one floor began showing themselves. The road straightened and stretched as far as the eye could see. A couple of gas stations, a church, and cell tower zipped by him. Everything was much more spread out than he thought it would be.
Another hour of driving or so, and finally he spotted a motel. A few cars were scattered in the parking lot, and the L at the end of the lighted sign was out, but they had vacancy.  Alec turned into the lot and found a space. This was better than nothing. He couldn’t keep driving all night, there wouldn’t be anything open, and, besides, he was getting tired. He hadn’t eaten. A good night’s sleep and he’d be read to explore the town in the morning, hopefully find some odd job or maybe a room for rent. Or was all of that just a pipedream? How was he ever going to piece his life back together?
Time for that tomorrow. He turned off the truck, yanked up his bags, and started for the motel entrance. 
He walked into the motel lobby, past a plush leather couch and loveseat, past a desk with a computer with internet access, and stepped up to the reception counter. There was a TV mounted to the wall behind the counter, the news  on.
Before Alec could even call out, a man appeared in the doorway of the small room behind reception. He wore a baseball cap with strands of silver hair peaking out from beneath it. He had bristle on his chin and bags under his eyes, but his smile was bright and warm. 
“Hi,” Alec said. “Can I get a room?”
“Sure can,” the man replied with a gleam in his eye. “How long will you be staying with us?”
“Just the night.”
“A shame. We don’t get many visitors here in Redfern. Just those passing through or visiting our beautiful mountains. Plenty of tourists in the peak season.”
“Well, so far I like what I see here. I might stick around e, get a place of my own or something.”
“That so?”
Alec smiled and nodded.
“Well I hope you do.  Room Sixteen. All I need is a major credit card and please fill out this car registration form.”
“No problem.” Alec slid him his credit card, the one that he used for his personal services. He’d left the one he shared with Matt behind. Thing was, the bill would go to Matt. If he was going to stay in Redfern, he needed a place quick and to have his mail changed. God, this was all so complicated. Not to mention soul shattering. If someone like him even had a soul.
The man behind the counter stared at him for a bit, then went off into the room behind the counter with Alec’s credit card. Alec gazed into the room. He saw a hunting rifle mounted on the wall in the room. A dim light glowed. He got a whiff of something floral yet pungent. It made him crinkle his nose before it vanished. He waited and waited for the man to return. An unsettled feeling came over him.
Moments later, the man returned, smiling again. “Here you are. You’re all set. We have a free breakfast in the morning and checkout is by noon. Just pull your vehicle around the back of the building. Number Sixteen is all the way to the end on the left.”
“Thank you very much.” Alec took back the credit card and exited the lobby. He didn’t understand why he felt tense. The man was perfectly friendly and warm. There was nothing to fear. 
He pulled his truck to the rear and followed the doors all the way to the end, counting the numbers down as he went. The lot was basically empty; there were only two other cars parked there. Small door lamps hung beside every door, some lit up, some not; some blinked as if fighting against the dark, trying to stay on to light the way.
Alec found good old Number Sixteen and backed his truck into the space in front of the door. He pulled out his bags and unlocked the door. The large bed waiting inside was the most welcomed sight and he couldn’t wait to crawl into it.
###
 Agony ripped Alec from his sleep in the dead of night. He saw moonlight peeking from between the blinds of his room. He screamed. His flesh felt like it was on fire. He rolled out of the bed and fell onto his knees.
He ran into the bathroom, not having any idea where he was going. He leapt onto the bathtub and pushed at the window above it. The window popped out of its frame and Alec climbed onto the sill and forced himself through.
He stared up at a sheer cliff face; the back of his room faced dense woods and mountainous terrain. Alec tore through his t-shirt with long, sharp nails. His arms rippled with bulging muscles, fur covered them suddenly.
His thighs widened. His face burned. His bones shifted. His spine enlarged. Pain. Blood. Saliva. Hunger. Night vision cleared the darkness. His nose transformed into a snout, hands into claws, and he leapt straight up the cliff face.
Shreds of clothing hung from him as he raced through the woods, thrashing at tree branches, swiping at bark. He nipped at fleeing night birds with huge fangs soaked with drool. Alec galloped through curtains of moonlight, treaded through brooks and climbed another incline to a mountain notch. 
He picked up the scent of an animal, a moose, he thought. He heard the scamper of hooves and followed the vibrations right to the beast. The animal turned and ran but it was no match for Alec’s speed and strength.  
Alec barreled into the animal and locked a vice grip onto its throat. He forced it to the ground and bit into the throbbing throat, devouring the flesh and savoring the blood.  Dark warm crimson soaked his fur as the animal kicked beneath his weight. Alec roared and slashed its belly open with his claw. 
He feasted until the beast within was finally satiated. He stopped momentarily, lifting his face from the carcass, blood streaming over his snout and chin. There were footsteps thumping all around him. 
They circled him. Alec sniffed at the air, realizing he was not along. He smelled two, three, six, seven…maybe more? 
He searched the tree line but couldn’t see them. Their footfalls continued all around him. They came from every direction, they echoed in the distance. Alec huffed, and snarled. He stood upright and scanned the entire perimeter. He bared his teeth and roared, his claws clicking together. 
His keen hearing picking up heavy breathing, at first closing in on him, then fading…slower and slower still. The footfalls stopped. The eyes he felt on him vanished. Trees rustled. Branches cracked. They were gone. Silence returned.
Who is watching me? Alec was surprised his thoughts were still human-like. No beast roar, no animal barks, just human words. His own voice. What do they want? Friends or enemies? Maybe…maybe…they can help me.
He looked back down at the moose and howled, a mix of fear and anguish. He hated the act; he hated himself.  Alec bolted from the body and pushed his way down the trails, running at full speed.
The motel came up fast on the horizon and Alec met the cliff’s edge head on, plummeting from it but landing on his clawed feet. He crawled to the bathroom window and shifted slowly back to his human form, reaching for the window as his claws became fingers, his face burst through the fur, his fierce eyes rolled back to their human ones.
He fell onto the bathroom floor, legs colliding with the sink, the shower rod clattering into the tub, and went unconscious.
Hours later the sun hit him in the face. Alec opened his eyes, naked body drenched in blood, and gasped.
Four

Pieces of last night filtered through his head. Alec was beginning to remember the blackouts and what was happening to him. He remembered the pain of the shift, the claws. He remembered feeling a hunger like nothing he’d ever experienced before. He knew the blood on him in the morning was animal just by the smell all over his body.
What else happened last night? He drove into the town proper, busy intersections, stores, bars, a single movie theater. He moved slowly past the local police station and entered the town center.  There was one bed and breakfast but that wasn’t going to do.
He didn’t see any apartment buildings and there was no public transportation that he could find. The town must have been too small. There didn’t seem to be a reasonable job market here, either, but Alec refused to give up. Redfern felt right, somehow.
Ah, a tiny library, a lot of pizza joints, some bike shops, more than enough, really, including a fishing-tackle-bait shop and a large mountain sports store. Looked like he could have a future in retail, if any of the shops were hiring.
So far his search wasn’t really turning out too successful and lunchtime was calling. He decided to find somewhere to eat while he collected his thought. He took a few one-way streets, drove around in circles a few times before finding a road that faced the majestic mountain peaks. It was a beautiful backdrop, one of the reasons this place spoke to him.
A barking dog caught Alec’s attention, but there was none in sight. He turned to see where it might be and saw a sign. Nan’s Bar and Grill. 
“Looks nice.” Alec pulled into the parking lot and got out. The front door of the place was up a few stairs with a nice wooden banister. There were potted plants hanging from the awning stretching over the door.
He entered to a sea of round tables with wine-colored tablecloths. To the right was a large polished bar with a mirror behind it. It was stacked with bottles and bottles of alcohol. 
There were a few patrons already eating, some elderly couples, a few businessmen with laptops, and bunches of hikers with backpacks. He searched around for a host,hostess, or waitress but didn’t see anyone.  He thought about taking a seat on his own when a young woman appeared from the left of the restaurant where the kitchen was located.
“Hi, there, welcome!” She smiled wide and bright, her cocoa-dusted skin glowing in the bar lights, her long, curly brown hair cascading over her shoulders. She wasn’t dressed like a waitress at all; she was very causal in her denim jeans and beaded top. “Just yourself?”
Boy, did that really resonate. “Yes,” he said with a nod. 
“Right this way.” She grabbed a menu from the podium by the door and led him to a table. “Would you like anything to drink?”
“Just water, thanks.” He put down his keys and cell phone, still off, and flipped open the menu. He browsed the selections until movement caught his attention. A man walked behind the bar, carrying a huge crate of glasses. The bartender instantly caught Alec’s attention. 
His hair was auburn and his body lithe but toned. The muscles in his arms flexed beneath his black polo shirt as he stocked the bar. He looked up and made eye contact with Alec.
Time had stopped. Alec studied the man’s rosy cheeks and hazel eyes. His clean-shaven face was adorable with its chiseled features and square chin. Alec wanted to smile but couldn’t, refused. Matt’s face flashed through his mind.  He returned to his menu immediately.
The young girl slipped behind the bar. Alec eyeballed them as she put a hand on the bartender’s shoulder and whispered into his ear.  Alec heard everything, his heightened senses a gift and a curse.
“He’s gorgeous,” she said to the bartender. “And I don’t see a ring on that finger. Go and bring the water to him, introduce yourself.”
“Get out of here,” he whispered back. “Bring the water yourself. I’m busy. And don’t you dare pull anything.”
“Would I do something like that?”
“Yes. I can find my own men.”
“And you’re doing a great job. Bitter, table for one.”
“Go.”
She brought Alec a glass of ice water and he smirked up at her. “What would you like?” 
“I’ll have a hamburger--rare.”
“Oh, someone likes it bloody.”
“What?” A temporary surge of panic filled him.
“Bad joke. I’ll put it in right away. It comes with fries and coleslaw.” She walked away from the table and went to the computer behind the bar. “Never mind,” she mouthed to the bartender. “He has no sense of humor.”
Hey, Alec thought. I do so. It just caught me off guard. He shook his head. 
“But look at those eyes,” she finished.
Well, she got that part right. My eyes are stunning. Ha! 
Alec waited twenty minutes or so for the burger to arrive and practically attacked it. He sat there in silence, biting and chewing until it was gone. Around him senseless chatter added to the background noise.
After finishing, he toyed with his phone again, thought about turning it on, but he knew there would be a few frantic messages and he just didn’t feel like dealing with them. He thought of all the years he and Matt had spent together, how happy they were and how perfect everything had been until… 
Although, now, he suddenly felt more independent. He was tackling his own problem head on without anyone’s help. While he was with Matt he never had to do anything. Matt took care of it all. He made more money than Alec, and he seemed to make the rules of the house. It was Matt’s house, after all. Alec had never had anything that was just his own. This, this here and now, was his own. This change he was going through, this beast within, was all his own. But if he didn’t find some way of making money soon, that hamburger would turn into the most expensive meal of his life.  He was independent, all right, and totally alone. His eyes welled.
The young woman put the check down on the table. “No rush.” Her voice was soft as she toned back her bubbly personality. “I don’t mean to pry, I mean, it’s none of my business, but are you all right? You seem really down and a little lost.”
“I’m just going through a hard time right now.”
“I hear you, everyone does now and again. Not so long ago me and mine were having it a bit rough. Everything changes.”
“It sure does.” He looked at her, guessing she might as be the same age as him or even younger. “Are you Nan?”
“No, that’s my mother. She owns this place. I work for her. I’m Maxine, but everyone calls me Max.”
“Max. That name suits you.”
“Does it? What’s yours?”
“Alec.”
“A perfect name.” She pulled a chair out at his table and sat down. “Do you need some help, Alec?”
“I’m not usually in the habit of asking for help, but if I don’t do something I don’t know what’s going to happen.”
“Is it that bad?” She reached over and touched his wrist.
“I’m trying to make a fresh start. I love your town up here in the mountains.”
“It’s quaint, isn’t it? Not very exciting. We do get plenty of tourists for the mountains and the little shops. At least we have a small movie theater. And even this place turns into a nightclub after ten p.m. We get young people from this town and the other two over the ridge.”
“Sounds nice. But I won’t be staying if I can’t find a job soon.”
“Well, you’re in luck. One of my two girls just quit, or, at least I think she did.. She hasn’t shown up for work in like a week. I assume she’s not coming back. Why don’t you be one of my new waiters?”
“I don’t know… you don’t even know me. I-I’m not sure you would--”
“Oh, c’mon. I’m tired of waiting tables myself. I have other things here I need to do. You would be doing me a big favor. You don’t have to work every day, and just one weekend night to help out on the big club nights.”
“Why would you do this for me?”
“Because you’re down and out, and when I was, someone helped me.” She looked back at the handsome, auburn-haired bartender.
“I can’t even repay you.”
“You don’t have to,” Max said. “And to sweeten the deal, there’s a room above this place. No one is using it.”
“Are you sure about all of this?”
“I won’t take no for an answer. Philip and I would love to have you.”
Alec looked over her shoulder at Philip, who rolled his eyes and pretended to work. “Okay, we’ll try this, but I am not guaranteeing anything.”
“You won’t regret it, trust me.”
“It’s not me I’m worried about,” Alec said under his breath. “I need to take care of some things. Get my mail and finances sorted out, but I’ll be back tonight to see the room.” He reached for the bill. 
“Sounds great.”  Max pulled the bill away. “On the house.”
###
After visiting the post office to have his mail forwarded and opening an account at the local credit union, Alec returned to Nan’s where Max showed him his new residence.
The room was small and a bit musty, but he couldn’t complain. There was a bed, a TV, phone on the wall, and a small galley kitchen. There was an old dresser and the couch pulled out to a bed. 
Of course, there were some other things that added to the room’s charm—boxes filled with past restaurant functions, paper products and Christmas decorations. There was an endless supply of dishes, silverware and glasses that no one person could ever possibly need.
The room had plenty of storage, a few closets, some nook and crannies, and a floor fan for those sweltering summer nights, though Alec imagined it didn’t get that hot in the mountains.
“Here we are,” Max said as she handed him the key. “It isn’t much, but—
“It’s perfect,” Alec said, giving her a wink and a smile. “So when do you need me for work?”
“Tonight.”
“Tonight? What about training and…?”
“Training? Ha. You just need to roll up your sleeves and jump right in.  There’s nothing to it.”
“That’s easy for you to say. I’ve never worked in the food industry. I don’t know anything about…”
“About what? Taking orders and smiling once in a while?”
“Max.”
“Just smile and be polite. Bring the food while it’s still hot and you’ll be just fine. The nights are very busy. I really need you tonight.”
“Okay, okay. I’ll give it my best shot.”
“I know you’ll do great.”
“I like your faith in me. Hope I don’t let you down.”
“Boy, you really are a worry wart. Just come down when you’re ready and we’ll get you started.”
“You got it.”
“I’ll let you get unpacked and settled. You can park around back from now on, near Philip’s jeep.” She started to the doorway and the set of stairs down to the bar and grill.
“Max?”
She stopped and looked back at him.
“Thank you.” He watched her give him another warm smile before she headed off. He threw his bags onto the couch and began unpacking. There was one window in the room. He went to it and stared outside. The mountain peaks greeted him. They were so beautiful. 
He prayed he didn’t fuck this up. What would happen when the next change came, the next blackout? They always seemed to come in the dead of night when no one was around. So far, he had not been seen. But each time it was worse, more violent, longer, stronger; he was even beginning to remember.
Alec tried to shake it off. He just had to try, had to figure out what was going on, what he truly was, and make a life for himself. This wasn’t going to destroy him. Not after all he had been through. He would face this or die trying.
He organized as best he could and started downstairs. He stopped at the top of the stairs and sucked in some air. He hesitated, feeling his heart beat a bit quicker. His palms grew damp.
“It’s okay. It’s okay.  It’s going to be okay.” He inhaled, then exhaled, and pushed himself to take the first step. The others flowed right thereafter. 
Alec walked into the main dining floor and walked over to the bar. The auburn-haired man was washing the bar top and looked up. He gave a half smile and put out his hand to Alec. “I’m Philip Cross,” he said. “Welcome aboard.”
“Thanks so much. I’m Alec Ashcroft.” Alec took his hand and got a bit of a charge, like a static shock. He let go quickly, noticing Philip did the same. Alec told himself it didn’t happen.
Philip stuttered a bit, then faced the bar’s computer. “This is our system. I’ll show you how to use it and get familiar with it.”
“Great.” Alec slid over to the computer and watched Philip access the screen. 
“You’ll be given your own sign-in name, and once in, just enter your table number and customer ticket. Then you can enter your orders here. You’ll go to this screen and pick from the apps, salads, soups, entrees and desserts. Here is where you add or subtract items. You can also take coupons and stuff. I take care of any drinks. You put them in and I fill them for you.  If I’m swamped or not here, you can fill the basic drinks like soda and water yourself, but I’m responsible for the alcohol. Unless you know how to make cocktails?” Alec shook his head and Philip smiled. “At the end of the shift the house divides the tips.”
“Okay, think I got it.”
“No, you don’t,” Philip laughed. “But it’s cool. I’ll help you through the night. It takes a few times.”
“Okay.” Alec was already nervous. Philip was right--this was going to be a rough night.
“Grab a pad and pen, my friend, and write all the orders down until you get used to it. Laura will be in tonight, too--the other waitress—so you can ask her for help. She’s sweet.”
“I really appreciate it, man. Can’t tell you what a godsend this is.”
“Don’t say that until you’ve survived the first night. Tell me in the morning.”
Alec laughed. “Sounds like a date I once had.”
“Must have been quite the date.”
“It had its moments.” Alec met Philip’s eyes again and an awkward silence settled over them. 
“You boys ready?” Max called, bursting into the room. 
Alec jumped, then came around the bar to the dining room. He grabbed a pad and pen off the bar. “Ready as I’m ever gonna be.” 
“Hey, Alec,” Philip called.
Alec turned and Philip launched a black apron at him. “Thanks.” He tied it round his waist and prepared for the night to come. 
###
“Great night, boys,” Max said, grabbing a seat at the bar and gesturing for Philip to slide her a bottle of vodka. She grabbed three shot glasses and filled them each half way. “To Alec’s first night.”
Philip lifted his glass. “Alec.”
Alec swigged the alcohol down. “Thanks, guys.”
“You didn’t do too bad,” Max said. “You only mixed up a few of the orders. And thank God that soda landed on you and not Vera Jensen. That old bird always finds something to crow about.”
Alec laughed with both of them. “Yeah, well, I aim to please.”
“So Alec, where are you from?” Max asked.
“Let’s just say down below. Nowhere near the mountains.”
“Oooh, mysterious. Philip loves mysterious men.”
“Maxine,” Philip scolded. 
“Sorry,” Alec said. “I’m trying to get myself together and it was very hard to leave my home behind, but it was the only way.”
“Sounds rough,” Philip said. “She doesn’t mean to be so pushy.”
“It’s not pushy when you’re genuinely interested,” Max said.
“It’s okay, guys,” Alec said. “It’s not you, it’s me. Once I have it all figured out, Max will be the first to know.”
“Stop it,” Max giggled. “I’m not that bad.”
“Well, I’m beat,” Alec continued. “I think I’m going to go upstairs and get some sleep.”
“Okay, sleep well.” Maxine gave him a hug. “Good job tonight,” she whispered into his ear. “I hope you’ll keep giving us all a chance.”
He squeezed her tight but didn’t answer. He gave a nod to Philip, who returned it, noticing a certain twinkled in the man’s eyes. It was very cute. Alec left the bar and dining room and headed slowly upstairs. The stairs creaked beneath his steps. The darkness above beckoned him and he yawned.
Alec thought of Philip again and the brief handshake they’d shared. Something had happened when they touched. He’d felt a charge, something electric, a bit of energy. It made his fingers tingle. He was sure of it, and he wondered if Philip had felt it too. He was pretty sure he did. No. It’s ridiculous. It was static. A random shock, feet across the carpeted floor, nothing more.
He went to his room and left the light off. He moved to the single window and gazed out. The mountain range was a cloak of dark purple and deep navy. He longed to be out there, despite how tired he was. This place called to him, pulled at his soul. He felt like running down the trails, swimming in the rivers, and sleeping under the stars.
The bed called too, stronger than the mountains. He turned from the window and climbed into bed, slipping the shirt off his heaving chest. He ran his hand over his soft skin and played with his chest hair. He missed being held by someone already. Missed sharing his bed. So many years of sharing the bed with Matt, he’d taken it for granted. He realized he didn’t like sleeping alone. 
He unbuttoned his jeans and slipped them off his legs, leaving his underwear on. In a strange bed for the first time, he left the white briefs on. He touched himself and thought of Philip suddenly. It took him by surprise, really, he didn’t expect to think of anyone right now. 
The man was very attractive, boyish, yet the strong silent type, and the auburn hair secretly drove Alec crazy, but he couldn’t. Could not bring himself to think of someone else, anyone else. But there he was, reappearing in his head again and again. Those rosy cheeks, the soft, kissable lips.
“No,” Alec said aloud to himself. Not now. I’m not even close to being ready. I know I could kill him. I just know it.
Alec turned over and pushed the thoughts away. He didn’t even want to jerk off, even though his cravings for sex were getting stronger. He slid his hand into his underwear anyway and played with his cock, then his balls. He worked his finger to his ass and teased his hole. He moaned slightly but a howl outside stopped him cold.
All passion died and he listened. It was only one howl. One call. It was far in the distance, but he heard it as if it was right outside his window. Suddenly, his romp through the mountain forest flashed in his head. He saw himself running and leaping, chasing and hunting. He saw the claws, the fangs, the massive arms, legs, broad shoulders and the blond fur. He ate the moose, ripped it, devoured it and reveled in it. The word lit up in his head.  Wolf.
“That’s me…” He closed his eyes and shut out the world.
Five
As the weeks passed, Alec began to think of the mountains and its forest, rivers and small towns, as home. Of course, he was no closer to answers than when he arrived, but at least he felt like he belonged somewhere. The nocturnal interludes still occurred, and the blackouts, but not every night, and only when the moon phases grew closer to full. But his recollection of them was getting sharper, and he was realizing what he was doing in the dead of night—hunting.  Feeding the beast. It demanded. He supposed if he kept it full, it would let him live his life. What choice did he have?
He sometimes wished the blackouts stayed buried. In his waking life, when a memory from the night before would hit him, it would stop him cold. It was so ugly and primal, so feral. What he might be capable of truly scared him. He didn’t want to believe it was him, but the evidence was overwhelming—as were the naked, blood-covered mornings.
He kept his distance from Philip. He knew the man liked him, and Alec thought very highly of him, but he couldn’t let anyone in. Not until he knew what he was and how to stop it. The tension between them was palpable, but Alec had to be strong no matter how lonely he was.
Alec put on a clean, white dress shirt and a pair of black jeans. He checked his blond hair in the mirror. Guess it was OK. It wasn’t easy finding someone to cut his hair in this small town. 
It was Monday night, the only night Nan’s was closed. Max had invited him to a nice Italian dinner just outside of town. They deserved a break and some much need fun. He agreed to pick her up at her place, and after locking up the room and the restaurant, he headed out to his truck. 
The sky was a dusty red with some purple clouds scattered about. He could see a hint of the moon in the corner of the sky. He started up the truck and headed down the road. Alec studied the directions Max had given to him and followed streets that descended hilly terrain. The houses in the area looked old and mostly run down. Alec sensed there wasn’t much economy to be found in Redfern aside from tourism and Nan’s.
He drove by an idyllic little lake and a weathered dock with many boards missing. At the end of the dock was a two-story house. That was Max’s.  He pulled up in front of it and got out, stepping up to the front porch. He knocked on the door and it swung open.
“Hey!” Max beamed and threw her arms around him. “I saw you pull up. Come in for a moment and meet my mom.” 
“Sure,” Alec said as he stepped into the house. 
The rooms were large with lots of windows. Vases full of flowers lined the hallways. Their smell irritated him. Purple flowers with delicate petals and a smell that could put down a dog. Alec’s eyes began to water.
Max led him into the living room, an octagonal-shaped room with faded wallpaper and furniture covered in doilies. A middle-aged woman in a wheelchair greeted him and Max. Her once raven hair was ravaged with grey. Her face was worn, her eyes tired, but she gave them a smile.
“Mom, this is Alec, he’s our waiter at the Grill.”
“Well, it’s nice to meet you, Alec.” She held out her hand and Alec took it.
“Very nice to meet you, ma’am.”
“Please, call me Nan. My, you are a handsome one, aren’t you?”
“Thank you, Nan.”
“Mom, we’re heading over to Baldini’s for dinner and drinks. I’ll be home later tonight.”
“Okay, dear, have a nice time.”  The smile never left Nan’s face. She maneuvered her wheelchair around a heavy wooden coffee table to Max’s side.  Max bent and gave her mother a kiss.  
Max grabbed a purse off the mantle of the fireplace behind her and turned to Alec. “Ready?”
“After you.” He gestured for her to lead him back to the front door. He coughed as he entered the hallway, stopping momentarily. His knees weekend. 
“Are you okay?” Max asked.
“I think I’m allergic to your flowers.”
“Oh, God, let’s get you out of here.”  She drew him to the front door and outside as quickly as she could. “I’m so sorry. Mom insists on keeping the hall filled with those flowers. She says it helps with the pain.”
“That’s okay.” He opened the truck door for her and she climbed in.  He went around the other side and got in. “Do you mind if I ask what happened to your mom?”
“It was a drunk driver. Mom and Dad were coming home from their anniversary dinner and a jerk came out of nowhere, around a bend in the road. Hit them head on. My dad was killed and Mom was crippled.  Things have been a little rough since then.”
“I’m really sorry. That’s so horrible.”
“It’s okay. I’ve had ten years to deal with it.”
“Still, I can’t even imagine what your family has had to go through.”
“Thank you, really. Now, on to dinner. Just follow the road back to the top and go right.”
“Sure.” He realized she didn’t want to talk anymore about it and sped off. He thought about the flowers back in her house. He’d never been allergic to anything before. The more he thought about it, the more the scent of them had been familiar.
###
Alec pulled up in front a brick building with gold awnings above all the windows. The large sign on the roof read Baldini’s all in red. He picked a parking space and got out; Max did the same.
He walked her to the front stairs and grabbed the door for her. The restaurant was only partially busy, and the aroma of garlic and grilled meat wafted in the air. Alec looked across the room and spotted Philip, his hair glistening in the dim lights.
Philip smiled as his eyes met Alec’s.  “Guys, over here, I got us a table.”
Alec leaned over to Max. “I should have known. You cannot be trusted.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She giggled.
“The hell you don’t. I don’t want to be fixed up.”
“Oh, c’mon. He’s a great guy. You just need to give him a chance.”
“I’m sure he is, and how do you know I’m even into guys. I never said I was.”
“Because you didn’t look at my boobs the first time you met me. And… because I have excellent gaydar.”
“Is that so? Listen, Max, I don’t know…”
“Now, we can’t be rude. Philip is waiting. The three of us deserve some fun, anyway. What’s wrong with hanging with your friends? Now, get moving. God, what would you shy gay boys do without us girls?” Max took Alec’s hand and dragged him toward the table where Philip was waiting.
“Hi, guys,” Philip said, his smile wide but not eager. Hhis body was relaxed and he wore a cologne that got Alec’s attention, spicy and sensual. Max made sure that she took the seat opposite the boys, ensuring they sat next to one another. 
Alec gave her a stern look and pulled out this chair. “Hey, Philip, how’s it going, man?”
“Great, Alec, can I get you something to drink? I’m buying.”
“Well, if you’re buying, I’ll take a tequila.”
“Wow, playing with the big boys. Sure, make that two.” Philip gestured for the waitress.
The alcohol flowed, fried mozzarella and ravioli were consumed, and bowls of fettuccine covered the table. Alec drank and drank some more. And he laughed. Laughed for the first time in a long while.
Philip and Max shared with him the stories of their terrible dates and of the shortage of good men in Redfern, gay or straight. Each tried to top the other with their worst date experience until they were laughing so hard heads were turning. Philip tried to blame Max for all the attention, her voice carrying as he noted its shrill tone. Max hit him with a piece of garlic bread. 
The conversation steered toward more long-term relationships. Max had yet to have one as she spent most of her time taking care of her mother and running the restaurant. It was pretty difficult to even go out on dates, let along dedicate time to a relationship. It was Philip who started to recall his latest, and that was when Alec noticed a bit of sadness in him.
“I stayed too long,” Philip said. “I thought he was my world and he made me believe that. Even when he hit me.”
“He hit you?” Alec asked, surprised. “Screw that, he’d be on his ass.”
“I didn’t think I could do any better. I thought I deserved it for making him angry or being late from work or forgetting to turn the lights off.”
“God, who could ever lay a hand on you?” Alec shook his head.
“An asshole,” Max answered. 
“Never again.” Philip downed another drink. 
Alec reached over and put his hand on Philip’s arm. A tingle ran through his fingers, tickling the palm of his hand. It was definitely not a static charge. It made the hair on his arm stand up slightly. The sensation felt good as if he was meant for him, and he found it soothing. He pulled his hand away but was totally relaxed, remaining that way for the rest of the night.
“What about you?” Philip asked him. “What was your longest? Was there someone special?”
“There was.” Alec said solemnly and did not elaborate. 
“And?” Max prodded.
“And that’s it. We’re not together now and that’s it.”
“Man,” Max continued. “I don’t buy that for a second.”
Philip turned to her. “Max, enough. Why don’t we just drop it?”
“Sorry,” she said. “I didn’t mean anything.”
“It’s okay. It’ll get better.” He nodded in Philip’s direction. “So how about dessert? Do they have good ones here?”
“Are you kidding?” Max’s eyes lit up. “You have to try the tiramisu.”
###
He pulled back up in front of Max’s home, parking in front of the walkway to the porch. The sky was a blanket of stars and the house was dark. Her mother must have put herself to bed.
“I hope you had a good time tonight.” She said to him.
“I had a great time.” Alec was being honest. He felt so relaxed right now it was strange. He thought of nothing but a great meal with great new friends. “Listen, I’m sorry for getting all weird about the relationship thing. I can’t really explain much, but I came here to start over. To find myself. I was looking to sort things out, y’know? I can’t be with Philip right now. I can’t be with anyone.”
“It’s okay, Alec. I didn’t mean to push.”
“Yes you did.”
“Okay, yes, I did.” She grinned. “But I get it. You’re not ready. You gotta work something out and that’s cool. I’ll back off. But promise me you’ll keep your heart open.”
“My heart isn’t the problem, but I promise. I wish I could explain, or that you would understand what I’m going through. But right now what I need is space.”
“Everyone feels that way once in a while. But I have a hunch about you, Alec Ashcroft. You’re one of the good ones. Someday you’re going to see that about yourself.”
“Thanks, Max.” 
She gave him a hug and a peck on the cheek before getting out of the truck and heading up the front porch. He watched her slip inside and restarted the truck to leave.
Alec.
He hesitated, keeping his foot on the brake. He’d sworn he’d just heard someone call his name. He looked at Max’s front door but all was quite. He looked around. The lake was peaceful, the yard empty.
Alec shrugged and put the truck into drive. Alec.
This time he knew he heard it. “Alright, who’s there?” He instantly felt stupid since his truck windows were up and no one was in the truck with him. 
Feed.
“Okay, this is crazy.” It was a male voice. One Alec didn’t recognize. He pulled away from the house and sped down the road.
Feed.
He hit the gas harder and raced to the top of the slope, hitting the main road with a screech. Laughter dwindled behind him before the male voice was gone. Alec kept on driving. He didn’t want to hear anymore. Didn’t want to acknowledge it. He could not afford to lose his mind right now. He needed to figure out this wolf thing inside him. That was top priority.
The road snaked and slinked, rising and falling. The stars moved with him and the trees swayed as he approached. No, No, No….
The smell of the woods filled his senses. Earthy, pungent, sweet all at once. His fingers twitched. His heart thumped. 
No. No. No… not now. Not now… 
His muscles twitched. They ached. His head screamed—it felt as if it was about to split in half. “No!” He slammed on his brakes, the truck skidded to a stop, but Alec did not change. He did not black out.
Alec, for the first time since it all began, stopped it. The power that took him over, the beast inside that came out whenever it wanted, was pushed back in. He didn’t know how he did it but he did. And that was a start.
Tears ran down Alec’s face and he smiled, wide and triumphant. He took his foot off the brake and continued back to his room above the grill. 
Six

Before Nan’s restaurant opened, Alec arrived early for the food delivery as he’d promised Max. He liked relieving her of some of her burdens so she could spend more time with her mom. It made him feel like he was really contributing and returning the break she’d given him.
He slipped downstairs in a t-shirt and jeans. The pale, shallow morning light squinted through the dining room blinds, chasing the last of the shadows away. He made his way around the bar to get the keys to the delivery doors. Beneath the bar, tucked on a rack behind some bottles of booze, Alec spotted a gun. It looked a little like a sawed-off shotgun. 
What is with people and their guns around here? All of these laid back, friendly as hell people, and they’re all packing. Doesn’t make sense. What are they guarding against?
The roar of the delivery truck got his attention so he snatched up the keys and headed downstairs. The storage area was long and cold, gray walls, tiled floor, a drop ceiling with lots of vents and duct systems.  There was a walk-in freezer  and a small wine room kept in the dark behind a gate. The key to the wine room was on the keyring in his hands. He glanced at all the wine bottled as he passed the room and reached the metal delivery door.
Alec unlocked and swung the door open. He heard the beep of the truck as it backed into the parking space. The driver hopped out with a clipboard and pen. “Good morning,” he called.
“Morning, how goes it?”
“Not bad, just sign here.” The driver handed Alec the paperwork.
Alec signed his name and nodded to the driver, who turned away swiftly and opened the truck doors. He shuffled boxes out on the ramp at the threshold to the delivery door. Alec offered help and a bounty of boxes, canned goods, and stacks of plastic-wrapped cases soon covered the ramp and overflowed into the doorway.
The truck pulled away and turned out of the parking lot. Alec sighed and began sliding things into the stock room. He turned and jumped as Philip stepped in front of him.
“Hi,” Philip said. “I was getting the bar ready when I heard the truck. Thought I would lend a hand.” He too was dressed in a t-shirt and jeans. His hair was a bit tussled, giving him a sexy look.
“Sure, thanks.” Alec smiled and started bringing in the first of the boxes.
“That was fun last night,” Philip continued. “And the food there is amazing.”
“Yeah, it was fun. It was good just to hang out.”
“Hey, listen, I’m sorry about Max. She can come on real strong sometimes. She means well. She and I go way back. She just wants to see me happy.”
“It’s OK, no harm done.” Alec hauled up a couple cases of flour and rice. “And you deserve to be happy.”
Philip looked over at him and smiled. “On the rack over there, second shelf.”
Alec met his eyes briefly and went to the rack. He slid the cases on to the shelf and returned for more. Philip pushed the last of the boxes and cases into the room and closed the back door behind him. The room seemed a bit dimmer. 
Alec hauled three more cases as he eyed Philip, watching the guy’s muscles flex beneath his worn t-shirt. He got in front of the rack and struggled, losing his grip on the cases, and tripped.
Philip rushed to catch him, wrapping one arm around him as the cases tumbled to the floor. Alec felt the warmth of Philip against him and he paused. A tingling wave rippled through him, and instead of growing tense, he totally relaxed. He didn’t know what it was but Philip’s touch was almost magical. 
Alec’s body woke with sensations, enjoying the feelings that filled him inside and out. Gooseflesh spread across both arms. The light blond hair on his arms stood up and he sighed. He turned slowly to face Philip, sliding an arm around Philip’s waist. He looked into the man’s green eyes. 
Philip leaned in and kissed Alec, a charge erupting between them. Alec kissed him back, tasting his lips, darting his tongue into Philip’s mouth. He glided his hand up the back of Philip’s shirt and caressed his smooth back.  Philip snuck his hand up the front of Alec’s shirt and felt his chest, tickling his nipples, working them with his fingers, and with his other hand he pulled Alec closer, into a tight embrace.
Alec surrendered to the kisses, basking in them. The smell of Philip was intoxicating, the hard muscles in his arms, his broad shoulders, were comforting. He pressed his legs against Philip’s leg, rubbing his hard cock against him. A slight moan escaped Philip. Alec’s heat intensified, he moved his lips to Philip’s neck and stopped.
An image flashed inside Alec’s head but it wasn’t of Philip. It was a dark-haired man grinning devilishly at him, slyly, knowingly--then melted into an image of Matt. “No!” Alec pushed Philip away. “I’m sorry, I—I can’t.” He backed away. “I can’t do this. Not now. I’m really sorry.”
Alec turned and ran. He rushed back up the stairs and outside the grill. He raced down the street and off the road into the forest. He leapt through the air, narrowly missing trees and boulders. He thrashed at brush, thorny bushes, and stumbled across brooks, rivers, small lakes. Finally, he stopped on a ledge, overlooking the sheer drop below, jagged rocks like teeth waited at the bottom. Alec bent at the knees and stared at the rocks before starting back to the nearest trail.
###
Alec crawled back into his bed. He pulled the covers up tight and tried to sleep the day away. He tossed and turned, in and out of sleep world. The dreams assaulted him. Teeth and claws flashed. Blood rained. Yellow eyes glared from the dark, watching him. He found himself running, being chased, and then suddenly he was doing the chasing, gaining on an elusive prey, bearing down on something helpless, lost, weak. He lunged on it and raked razor-sharp claws across… human flesh.
He woke bathed in sweat. His head felt like it was in vice. His heart pounded against his chest. Alec worried he was about to turn, to become what he hated, what terrified him, but he didn’t.
Rising from the bed, he noticed through his window that dusk was at hand. He didn’t want to be late for his shift or make things anymore awkward than they were with Philip. He grabbed his black apron that had been strung across his bed and headed downstairs.
He smiled and said hello to Laura and headed for the table charts.  Philip was mixing drinks behind the bar. He didn’t look up as Alec approach. The air was tense. Alec felt something cold slither up his spine. 
At first Alec thought it better to say nothing, but he felt awful. He couldn’t face the entire night this way. He moved closer to Philip; he could almost smell the hurt on him. “Philip,” Alec whispered. “I just want to say...”
“It’s fine,” Philip said without looking at him. “Don’t give it a second thought. I should have known better. Guess I never learn.”
“It’s not like that. I wish I could explain, but I can’t.”
“You don’t need to. I’m used to it.”
“You’re an awesome guy, it’s not you, it’s me.”
Philip slammed down his shaker. “Please, save it. That’s the oldest one in the book. We’re getting busy. Why don’t we just get through our shift?” He moved away from Alec and searched for more glasses.
Alec said nothing. He checked the table chart and headed back onto the dining floor. “Damn it.” He gritted his teeth, wanting to look back at Philip, but resisting. 
At the end of the night, Alec helped Laura and Philip lock up and close out the register sales. Without a word, Alec made his way back upstairs to his room and went straight back to bed. He was dead tired, feeling guilty and shitty all at once, and let the quiet take him. 
He did not dream. 
###
It wasn’t often Alec welcomed the morning sun, but this time it felt good. It was time he got back to himself. He missed his hikes and runs, his communing with nature, and the way exercise made him feel.
He dressed quickly, slipping on a pair of black shorts with white stripes and a gray t-shirt. He put on his running shoes and headed downstairs. He heard the clatter of glasses in the dining and bar area but he decided not to even look. He didn’t want to get into it first thing in the morning. God, he hoped he could keep working here; he really liked it. 
Alec started down the road at a good pace, increasing his stride little by little. He found a trailhead at a bend, at the back of a gravel-filled parking area. He dashed across the crush rocks. There was no one parked there. It must have been earlier than he’d thought.  The trail started flat and level but soon twisted upward at a steep incline. Alec enjoyed the challenge.
Soon, Alec found himself nestled in the mountains as the peaks rose on the horizon before him. There was a nip in the air as he ascended. The sound of water caught his attention, a low rumble following subtly behind it. He knew a waterfall was not far away. He stopped for a moment, listened to the birds and other critters, the flowing water, the crackle of trees and brush. The air was perfumed with nut and berry trees, flowers, mud and earth, decayed plant life and animals.
It was like an entirely different world here, as if it were a thousand miles away from civilization. Here, Alec could hear himself think, Things were a bit clearer. A veil lifted and Alec thought of what was inside him again. Wolf. 
It couldn’t be real. Things like that didn’t exist. He couldn’t picture himself roaming the countryside on paws, covered in fur and stealing babies from young mothers. That was the stuff of movies. There was another side of him, indeed. He just needed to know what it was and cure it. That’s it. A cure. Pinpoint and destroy it. No more wild dashes in the night, attacking animals. It was some sort of deficiency. A condition that caused him to react violently and consume raw meat…
Oh, yeah, cause that happened to everyone. What the hell. What more evidence do you need? How can you deny your new senses, your new strength and speed?
Alec moved slower now, following the sounds of the water. Before long, the trail took a dip, sloped downward and let out at a river. There was a large deadfall on the edge of it. He thought this was a good rest stop, maybe drink some water.
He started toward the water’s edge when he felt a presence and a new smell in the air. Something wild, feral, yet deeply sensual. He looked up at the deadfall and saw a man sitting on it, wearing a white button shirt, open to reveal a matching white tank underneath. Alec looked him up and down, following his black pants to his bare feet. He looked back up at the stranger with his dark raven hair.
The man gave him a boyish grin. “Looking for the other half of your soul?”
“Huh,” Alec croaked, it was the only thing he could think of. He was captivated by this man.
“Feels like you lost not only that but your mind,” the stranger continued. “Don’t worry, they’re both still there.”
“How did you know what I was thinking?” 
“Because I know that look. I used to have it. The fear. Confusion. Guilt. All rolled together. You’re finally going through the awakening.”
“The what?”
“The awakening. That’s what we call it.”
“We?”
“Yes, people like us.
“Sorry, you must have me mistaken for someone else. I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Oh, but you do.” The stranger slid off the deadfall to stand in the midst of tangled tree roots in his bare feet.
Alec felt his heart speed up, thumping excitedly against his chest. His pulse throbbed in his wrists. He grew warm. There was an air around this man, a darkly handsome man with enigmatic eyes, ruddy skin with a five o’clock shadow on his face. God, it was sexy.  Alec felt rooted to the spot, unable to pull himself away.
“You know what you are,” the man said. “Deep down, you know. You’re a shifter. A wolf. A human wolf, and the beast that lay dormant all of your life has finally woken up. You’re a natural born.”
“Listen, this is getting weird.”
“You’re a shifter man. A werewolf. You should start accepting it now.”
“Okay.” Alec put up his hands. “This is bullshit. There are no such things.” He turned to leave and felt a hand grip his shoulder. The stranger was standing behind him suddenly.
He leaned against Alec’s face, his lips against his ear, and whispered. “Do the dreams still come? Your lovers dead at your hands, torn, ripped to shreds? The blackouts at first, waking up naked, covered in blood?”
Alec stood stunned, speechless. The man’s touch sent shockwaves through his body. His blood boiled, sweat drooled down his temples. He instantly hardened, his dick threatening to burst through his shorts.
“I dreamed of you, Alec. We were meant to meet. Here. Now. I’m Luca.” With the uttering of his name, Luca ran both hands down Alec’s chest to his waist. He grabbed Alec’s hips and thrust himself against Alec’s ass.
Alec moaned. He had never felt anything so sensual, so fiery. The passion overtook him. Luca nibbled on his ears, licked the back of his neck, and ran his hands all over Alec, sliding over his ass and up his back then around to his crotch where he rubbed Alec’s dick through his shorts.
Alec felt Luca’s hot breath on the back of his neck and he lifted his shirt for him so Luca could feel his skin, touch him, smell him, caress him. Strong arms took Alec, fur on them now, and that turned Alec on even more.
Luca turned Alec around forcibly and yanked his shorts and underwear down. He went down on Alex’s cock, his warm mouth swallowing it. Alec groaned and gasped as Luca sucked him and licked his balls. Luca stood up and kissed Alec, deeply, slipping his tongue into his mouth. He bit Alec’s lip, pulling the bottom one with his teeth before nibbling on his neck. Alec felt fangs gently brush across his throat.
Waves of pleasure washed over Alec as he let Luca dominate him, surrendering to him, enjoying every moment of it. Luca stripped off his jeans and shirts. He pushed Alec down to the ground, onto his back, but cradling him, lifting his ass. Alec didn’t resist, he let Luca do whatever he wanted; he liked having someone take him over. Raising Alec’s legs slightly, Luca slid his dick into him. He pumped Alec, fast, then slow, fast. then slow. Alec moaned, grunted, yelped like wolf. Fur sprouted across his chest as Luca rode him.
For the first time, Alec wasn’t afraid to let the change happen, if only partially. His arms and legs flexed, muscles expanded, blond fur covered them too. Alec salivated, enjoying every one of Luca’s thrusts. He growled and Luca snarled back. Their eyes met and Alec saw Luca’s brown eyes turn yellow.
Luca leaned down and kissed Alec again, the two men joining as one, their bodies undulating together. Alec’s entire body was on fire, he felt every part of him finally come alive as if he’d been asleep since the blackouts and dreams started. Passion ignited them. Alec smelled Luca’s wolf scent and it fueled him even more, pulling Luca’s hips against him tighter.
This was wild, animalistic. The beast within was allowed to be free, fucking in the midst of the forest, where it belonged. Luca thrust harder, faster. Alec gripped him tight. He felt his teeth grow into fangs as pleasure and pain became one. Luca grabbed Alec’s dick and stroked it until Alec came. Alec groaned, howled and panted as if he’d just spanned the entire mountain range. Luca grinned down at him, his fangs showing, and with one last thrust came as well. 
Sweat covered their bodies. Luca lay across the naked Alec and showered him with kisses, embracing him. Alec ran his hands through Luca’s dark locks. He’d never felt anything like that, no sex had ever compared. It was beyond what he had ever known. He heard Luca’s heartbeat slowing steadily, his breathing returning to normal, and Alec noticed his heart was doing the same. It was as if they were totally in rhythm.
Luca got to his feet and pulled Alec up. He slipped his clothes on and handed Alec his. Alec stood in silence, watching Luca, studying his every move. He suddenly noticed their transformations ended when their sex did. They were human again.
“What just happened?” Alec asked.
“What we both needed.”
“Is it? Who are you?”
“I already told you.”
“Yeah, I know, Luca. That tells me nothing. What’s gong on here? Where did you come from? I don’t understand. All I know is I want to touch you again.” Alec was ready to have sex with him again, immediately. The urge was unrelenting, irresistible, commanding. It almost hurt not to be wrapped up with Luca right now. 
“The answers are all here.” Luca put his arms out to his sides, hands open. “But you’re not ready for them. Not until you accept who you are. What you are.”
 “I—I don’t know what I am.”
“Yes, you do, Alec.”
“How do you know who I am?”
Luca laughed and shook his head. “See, you aren’t listening. You’re not ready.”
“Please. I’ve been searching…hoping…I’m afraid I might kill someone.”
Luca started walking away. He smiled back at Alec.
“Luca?”
“When you’re ready, come back here, to the deadfall. I will find you.” Luca leapt through the air, landing on the huge deadfall, bending at the knees. He let out a howl, then jumped out of sight.
So many things whirled inside Alec’s head. He had so many questions. So many fears. He was more confused than ever. He stood there, with his shorts still in his hands, shaking his head. He threw his clothes back on. Luca’s yellow eyes still burned inside of him; his scent was still all over him. Alec relished it. He wanted more of Luca. He demanded it.
He started toward the deadfall and climbed on top of it. He could still smell Luca on it, his heat, his sex, his masculine, wild being. Alec stretched, his arms, then his legs, and jumped off the deadfall and leapt across the river with ease. He looked back over his shoulder, almost in disbelief of what he was capable of. Alec turned back and continued his run, a smile curled on his lips because he now realized something for the first time.
He was not alone. 
Seven

The doorbell echoed through the house. It could have been church bells and it wouldn’t have made a difference. The house had lost its heart and soul. It was a shell, a shelter against the weather and nothing more.
Matt decided to answer the door anyway. He opened it to find Alec’s sister Rachelle waiting on his front step. 
“Mathew, I’m so sorry.”
Tears rolled down Matt’s cheek. “Rachelle…”
She stepped in and threw her arms around him. He sobbed a few moments in her arms before composing himself and closing the door behind her. He wiped his face.
“Can I get you some coffee?” he asked.
“No, that’s OK. How are you doing?”
“All things considered, I’ll be OK. I’ll move on.”
“Of course. It must be hard.”
“The love of my life is gone. Left me without a word. Without an explanation. Yeah, it’s hard. I still don’t understand.”
Rachelle sat on the couch beside Matt. Her hair was a darker shade of blonde then Alec’s. She was petite and toned. She worked out every day, cycling, kickboxing. She and Alec shared a lot of the same interests and traits, which is why his taking off like this puzzled her.
“Were you guys having problems?” she asked Matt. 
He shook his head. “No, nothing like that. My God, we barely ever disagreed. I still don’t get what I did wrong. We were so happy.”
“Honey, you didn’t do anything. You read me the letter a dozen times. He said it had nothing to do with you. He didn’t think he could be with anyone. He wanted time to figure his life out.”
“But why wouldn’t he just talk to me about it? We talked about everything. How could he just decide to leave one day without a word?”
“I don’t know, Matt. I don’t know. It’s unlike him. This just doesn’t sound like my brother at all. He faces things. Like me. Both of us always have. Did you notice any change in him recently? Anything concerning?”
“Not really.” Matt thought hard. “He’d been having a lot of nightmares recently. Sometimes they caused him to sleepwalk. One morning I found him sleeping in the bathtub.”
“The bathtub? I don’t like it.” Rachelle looked at the letter sitting on Matt’s coffee table. It was obvious he’d been reading it over and over to himself. “He hasn’t contacted any of his family. None of his friends have heard from him. He’s cut out everything and everyone. The letter’s too vague. I’m not buying it. Something was going on. Something he didn’t want to tell anyone about. I’ve never known Alec to run from anything.”
“Well, he made it clear it’s over for us. I don’t think he’s coming back. He took everything with him. God, I miss him.”
“Oh, Matt, you’re a great guy.” She put her arm around him. “It’s not your fault. You couldn’t have helped him. He wouldn’t let you.”
“I wish he had.”
Matt cried again and Rachelle kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you for seeing me.”
“That’s all right. If he had any belongings I’d give them to you. God, I’m acting like he died or something.”
“No, it just feels that way.” She got up from the couch and started back to the front door. 
Matt saw her out. Rachelle gave him one more hug goodbye and stepped out into the front yard. She looked around, studying the neighborhood. She got back into her car and checked her cell phone again. Still no call from Alec. She looked at the roadmap sitting in the passenger seat beside her. 
I’m still not buying it. I don’t care what anyone says. He’s in some sort of trouble. I can feel it. Alec just doesn’t disappear without saying a word. Not because of a relationship. He’d just break up and move on, not vanish. He’s running from something.
She looked at the map one more time and started the car. She was on her way to the construction company he’d worked for and the last site he was on.
###
Alec let the hot water roll down him, showering the scent of sex and sweat off  himself. He couldn’t stop thinking of Luca. He saw him naked in the mountains, running on all fours, his lean body strong and quick. This strange man was fiery, and enigmatic, a mystery Alec wanted to be wrapped up in. He knew about it and his other side. He knew of the beast… he was one, for God’s sakes! There were more out there, just like him. This was mind-blowing. 
How many were there? How did they deal with it? How did they keep themselves from killing innocent people?
He stepped from the shower, snapped a towel off the nearest rack, and dragged it across his muscular body, smooth skin beaded with water, steam rising in the air. He looked at himself in the bathroom mirror, his blue eyes glaring back at him and for a second. Then they flashed yellow… like Luca’s.  
Actually, his entire face began to change slowly, cheekbones expanding, fangs sliding from beneath his lips. His ears elongated, reshaping into wolf ears, his nose and mouth stretched into a snout. Panic swelled inside Alec. He rubbed his eyes, backed away from the mirror, preparing to smash it, when he noticed his fingers were still human. He looked back into the mirror and he was back to normal. No transformation. 
Alec finished drying himself off and got dressed. He headed downstairs. The grill was still a few hours away from opening. He didn’t hear anyone around and the dining room was dark. He figured Philip would arrive soon, or Max. They took turns opening.
Philip! God, that was still left unsettled. He didn’t want the guy to hate him. He couldn’t understand, and Alec couldn’t explain without sounding like a lunatic. He had to work alongside him, and friends were hard to come by. If only he could be honest; if only it were possible to talk to him and make him understand. 
He shrugged and walked around, checking out the tables, the seating chart, the bar and register. He checked the bathrooms. Everything looked in good order. Alec strolled down to the stock room. He flipped the lights on and checked out the crates and boxes of food, canned goods, bread, and pasta. He passed the wine room again. It was just large enough to fit two people into, every wall of it lined with racks of wine bottles, some red, some white, imported, fruity and dry, wines from Italy and Frances and the US, too—mainly California. 
Alec stepped inside  it, the key still in the gate. Max left it there for Philip to be able to run up and down quickly to restock. She trusted him explicitly, so there was no need to hide the key.  
The room was dark and cold, no window to speak of. Alec ran his hands along the bottles and the shelving units. The floor looked like stone. He turned to leave when pain shot through his body. He froze, catching his breath, his muscles twitching. Fire ran through his veins. He knew what was coming.
Now? How could it be now? It’s not night. Wolves hunt at night.
His fingers twisted and gnarled, fingernails grew into claws. He stumbled across the wine room but didn’t know where to go. He would be seen. Someone could be coming to the restaurant or customers could be waiting for it to open in the lot. How could he get to the mountains and their forest? He could try busting out the delivery door, but someone would hear, someone would see. 
He paced back and forth, snarling, growling, drool coating his chin. Fur sprouted down his arms. I’m going to be seen… I’m going to hurt someone at last… 
He spotted the gate to the wine room and the key in the door. He ran to the gate and slammed it shut on himself. He popped the key out of the gate and shoved it in his pocket. He figured his wolf self would not remember it was in there, and if it did, he hardly thought those huge claws could operate a key and lock.  Mostly, he knew the beast brain didn’t really connect with the human side. Memories were spotty, logic went out the window, and it ran on total instinct and wild animal nature.  
Alec forced himself back and allowed the beast to take over. Blond-white fur covered his entire body, his clothes shredded off of his body. Snout and teeth formed, and the wolf emerged, full of rage and violence.
It growled, scanning its prison with gray vision. With a snarl it hurled itself against the gate, and, luckily, it held. The wolf howled and clicked its claws together.  It bashed against the gate again and again. The gate still held.
Fury filled the wolf, teeth showing, fur standing up in a bristle down its spine. Claws curled into fists and bashed the wine racks around him. Glass shattered and wine spilled everywhere. Puddles formed on the floor. The wolf bent and sniffed the strong-scented liquid. It tore down more racks, sending bottles crashing to the floor.
With every passing moment the wolf grew angrier and angrier. It pounded its own chest and tried the gate again. Nothing.  This time it lowered its head and rammed it against the gate, the bars bending slightly, but the beast was sent off its feet and to the floor. Its head spun, stars blinked in its vision, and it moaned.
Moments later the beast shrunk back, teeth and claws receding. Anger relinquishing. Alec slowly awakened, retaining full memory of what had happened. He remembered ramming the gate and trashing the racks. “Look at this place. What have I done?”
He got to his feet and dug through his pile of clothes. He found the key and unlocked the gate. Still naked, he scooped up the ribbons that used to be his clothing and snuck out of the wine room. What do I say? Just get out… think about this later.
Alec made his way to the delivery door and unlocked it from the inside, slipping out the back of the restaurant. He looked up at the window to his room and leapt onto the rain gutter, scaling the length of it to his room and the fire escape attached to his window. It was time for another shower to get the wine smell off him and new clothes. If this kept up, he’d need new clothes every week.
###
Alec cringed when he heard Max scream. He rushed downstairs, putting on a surprised face as he entered the storage room and saw the wine room. Max looked horrified as she examined the damage and searched around for an explanation.
Philip came running behind Alec. “Max! Are you all right? Max…”
She turned around to face them, her eyes welling. “Someone broke in and ransacked our wine room.”
“What the hell?” Philip surveyed the carnage as well.
“Whoa,” Alec said. “Max, I’m so sorry.”
“I can’t believe it,” she said, stepping gingerly around glass and puddles of wine. The air reeked of spent alcohol drying into the stone floors.
Philip turned to Alec, finally acknowledging his presence. “Were you upstairs? Did you hear anything?”
“I was out running,” Alec answered. “I just got back myself and heard Max scream.”
Philip sighed and worked his way down to the delivery door. “They got out this way. The door is unlocked from the inside. It’s not jimmied or busted.”
Max moved slowly to Philip’s side. “How did they get in, then? The front was locked.”
“Beats me. Did they take anything?”
“I can’t tell right now but it doesn’t look like it. Looks like a bunch of smashed bottles. Maybe they just wanted to hurt the grill.” She glanced at Philip. Alec noticed them exchange knowing looks. “Do you think it was them?” she asked.
“Who else?” Philip lowered his voice. “I wouldn’t put it past them.”
“Who would want to hurt you?” Alec asked.
Both Max and Philip turned to look at him. Max shook her head. “Idiots, that’s who. No one of great importance, really. Every town has its share of lowlifes.”
“Well, Philip and I can take care of them for you.” He smiled at Philip and nodded, but Philip said nothing and put his arm around Max.
Alec felt utterly awkward as guilt tore at his heart. “Anyway, I’ll help you clean up.” He grabbed a broom and dustpan and started sweeping. Max went up to Alec and gave him a peck on the cheek and headed back upstairs.
Philip and Alec stood staring at each other. The room was silent except for Alec’s sweeping. Finally, Alec shook his head and stepped closer to the adorable bartender.
“Listen, I’m really sorry I hurt you. It was the last thing I wanted to do, but I…”
“Forget it, it’s all right. I really need to get upstairs. We’ll be opening for lunch soon.” Philip slid past him and headed upstairs.
“Are you ever going to forgive me?” Alec called after him, but there was no response. If you only knew. Suppose I should clean all of this up, I did do it, after all.
He chuckled to himself as glass scraped across the floor, having a hard time believing he was capable of all the damage. It was strange knowing he took another form, one that was twice the size, stronger than anyone he’d ever known, and possessed abilities found in dreams… or nightmares.
The gate was unharmed and it had held him.  He thought about getting himself down here each time he felt the change coming on, but there were too many holes in that plan. 
I’ve got to do something. I can’t keep trashing Max’s wine room every time.
###
Rachelle walked across mud and sand, smelling the scent of diesel, soot and burning rubber. She talked to the foreman, and a bunch of the guys, but no one could give her any answers. Most just scratched their beards and stared at her boobs. 
They’d said Alec never missed a day of work, even came in sick to help the crew and get the job done. That definitely sounded like her brother.  So it was even stranger that he just decided not to show up anymore, without a word to at least one of the guys.  He hung around with at least a couple of them outside of the job, even joined them in an occasional beer at the local dive. 
Just didn’t make sense. She found it hard to believe that he wouldn’t confide in someone, even just to vent. Alec wasn’t the type to abandon his responsibilities or his friends. The only thing that did make sense was what his co-worker Roy had said. Alec loved the outdoors. He spoke of camping and hiking to Roy, even invited him to join he and Matt. Matt said Alec went for a run every morning. 
This was all typical Alec. Heloved to be outdoors, loved to be with nature. He took his sleeping bag and tent when he left Matt’s. She began to think…maybe he went totally off the grind. Maybe he’s pitched a tent at a campsite or a national forest. It sounded logical. The perfect place to clear his mind and spirit. Out in the wilderness, not another soul around except for fellow campers who didn’t know him or his past.
That settled it. Rachelle got back behind the wheel and used her phone to get a list of campsites close to Matt’s. Then it was off to search little by little, maybe even camp out a littler herself. She didn’t care if it took months… years…she was going find Alec.
Eight

Alec hiked back to the deadfall a week later. The day was warm and there was a slight breeze. The trees rustled. Alec sat down on the deadfall. “Okay…I’m here.”
The air changed. A footfall sounded. Alec jumped as Luca sat down beside him. “I knew you’d be back.” Luca flashed a grin.
A sigh escaped Alec and he nodded. Then shrugged. “I’m a werewolf.”
“So you’ve finally accepted it.”
“There isn’t much choice.”
“You’re right. Pretty soon things would get really ugly. I’m glad you came back.”
“Me, too,” Alec said as Luca put his hand on his shoulder. Alec’s pulse raced and gooseflesh spread down his arms. He leaned in to Luca and kissed him. The two explored each other’s mouths until Alec pulled Luca’s shirt up and kissed his chest, working his way to his nipples and sucking them gently.
Luca sighed and Alec felt his fingers run through his hair. The sensation was exciting, thrilling. Luca bent his face to Alec’s head and caressed him. “Take me, Alec. Do whatever you want to me.”
Ironically, it felt like Luca was giving a command, and even as he gently pushed Luca down on his back, he felt Luca was in control of everything. Alec leaned over him, sliding his shorts down his legs, and went down on his cock, licking the head. Beneath him, Luca reached up and pulled Alec’s shorts off and stuck his tongue in his ass, gently swirling it.
Alec and Luca pleasured one another on top of the massive deadfall, licking and sucking, moaning and groaning. They humped each other’s faces hard, sixty-nining, holding onto each other tightly so as not to fall off the tree. Their pleasure reached exhilarating heights until both climaxed together.
They sat on the edge of the deadfall, holding hands, Luca nuzzling Alec’s neck with his chin, his stubble rubbing against his skin. Alec enjoyed the feel of it. 
“How did you know my name?” Alec asked.
“I told you I dreamed you. I felt you. I feel all my boys. The moment they have the wakening. Well, the ones in my vicinity. I called you here. Do you think you came to these mountains all on your own? You could have run away anywhere, but you came here. That was me. I’m here to help you.”
His boys? “Why are we like this? How are we…I don’t get it. There’s no one in my family like me and I wasn’t bitten.”
“You don’t have to be bitten…although that helps,” Luca laughed, giving Alec another kiss on the cheek. “Someone in your bloodline was bit. Long ago, the wolf survived long enough to have children, and they had children. You get the idea. The beast got into your blood. You’re natural born, meaning you were born with the gift.”
“Gift, yeah right.”
“No really. We don’t know how or why it chooses us, but it does. There could be generations in your family with no wolf, and then one is born. It chose you.”
“Great, just what I always wanted. Why did this happen now? I mean, I don’t remember changing when I was a teenager or a little kid.”
“You didn’t. It only happens after the wakening. It’s different for everyone. It happens anytime after you turn twenty-one. Mine happened at twenty-two. I’m twenty nine now.”
“I just turned twenty-four a few months ago.”
“Ah, you were late.”
“Figures. I thought I was going crazy. I could have killed someone.”
Luca stood up, pulling Alec with him. “Don’t worry. You don’t need to be a slave to the beast. I can show you how to control it. We can shift anytime we want. We tell the beast when to come out, not the other way around.”
Alec’s mind was blown. He couldn’t believe what Luca was telling him. “Are you serious? I can control this?”
Luca nodded. “Oh yeah. You can shift day or night.. And it makes you strong and fast. The older you get the stronger you get. God… I am so glad you’re here. There is so much I can teach you.”
“I’m all ears.” Alec was finally feeling like he belonged, meeting someone just like him who knew what he was going through. It was amazing. He wanted to know everything, learn everything. He was sure Luca would be an incredible teacher.  He squeezed Luca’s hand tighter and followed him up into the mountains.
###
Luca led Alec deeper into the mountains, along well-worn trails and to a notch. Several trails crisscrossed here. One twisted up one mountain, the other continued level away from the notch and toward a short peak. Luca didn’t take any of the trails. Instead, he gestured for Alec to follow him into the wilderness--thick, lush growth crowded with trees as far as Alec could see.
The way was shrouded with shadow and shallow light, mushroom rings sprouted here and there, emerald-green moss covered wayward rocks and boulders, and grand trunks and branches arched like arms in the sky. 
“So, I guess now I have to watch out for silver bullets?” Alec asked, half joking.
Luca stopped and looked back at Alec with a grin. “It’s bullshit. Most of the legends and stories are. Actually, we can be hurt and killed by any weapon, just like humans. Knives, bullets, axes. If they get our heart, we’re done. But we heal very fast. We re-energize, so wounds will heal in a day, some in just hours.”
“Good to know,” Alec said.
“We’re not immortal, but close. We live hundreds of years. Some of the oldest are the Pure Bloods.”
“What are Pure Bloods?”
“They were born wolves. No bloodline. No bite. They actually start bloodlines. I traced mine back to my Pure Blood. He’s still alive and in this country. Every bloodline can be traced back to one of the Pure Bloods, unless you were turned. Then you belong to the one who turned you through a bite. You and I were part of a bloodline of natural borns. Our ancestors were made by a Pure Blood. I turned my pack. My boys were all made by me.”
There he goes about his boys again. “You have a pack?”
“Of course. I’m an Alpha. We need packs to hunt and survive.”
“There’s so much to learn.”
“Don’t worry.” Luca walked up to him and took his hand again. “I’m going to teach you everything. Wait until you meet a Pure Blood--the most terrifying thing you’ll ever meet, but so awe inspiring. They are like nothing in the world. When they come to you or ask of your powers, you cannot refuse them. Not ever.”
“Sounds awful, like some sort of dictators or crime lords.”
“No…it’s not like that. It’s a blessing. Every wolf wants to be chosen.Okay, I think this is far enough.” Luca said, stopping in a small clearing surrounded by trees thick with leaves and massive trunks. “Let’s shift at will.”
“I can’t.”
“Yes, you can. Just feel the beast.” Luca flexed his arms, jutted them down and by his sides. He spread his fingers and took a deep breath. “Watch.” Luca’s muscles rippled and he quickly stepped out of his clothes as his legs and thighs expanded. Fur spread over his entire body. Alec heard bones crack, muscles rip. Luca’s hands became huge claws; his legs stretched until he towered over his original height. A growl rose in his chest.
Luca let out a roar and shifted into full wolf form. He stomped toward Alec. Alec stepped back, trembling and tripping over a tree root. Luca leapt into the air and came crashing down in front of Alec, pushing his snout into Alec’s face. 
Alec’s body filled with a mix of fear and excitement…even desire crept its way in. Luca’s breath was hot, his yellow eyes enflamed. He drew back a claw as if to strike Alec but stopped and stepped back.
A moment later, Luca shifted back, his fur vanished, his claws dissolved into human hands, and his height shrank. He stood there naked, smiling at Alec. “Your turn…”
“Luca, I don’t think I can—”
“Yes, you can.” Luca wove his hand around his solar plexus, instructing Alec. “Feel it in your core. Regulate your breathing. Go on. Breath in and out, faster and harder. Then increase your heartbeat. You can do it. Feel that pull in here, in your core, and then unleash it.”
Alec got to his feet. His tensed his arms, he breathed in, deeply.
“Take your clothes off or you’ll be naked the rest of the day.”
Alec slipped his clothes off and went back to his breathing. He did feel his heart beating faster and felt something in his midsection. It burned at first. Faster, quicker, hotter. A light sweat broke out across his forehead. He felt pain shoot through him until his entire vision went black before returning. Everything was draped in gray.  A growl rose in his chest, vibrated in his throat, and exploded into the forest.
Alec shifted into his wolf form, his fur white-blond, his hands now claws. Luca’s eyes widened and he stared in amazement. Alec stomped toward Luca and growled. His claws clicked against either other, drool escaped his fierce teeth.
“Good!” Luca called. “Excellent. Told you you could do it.” Luca stood his ground even as Alec drew closer. “Okay, now shift back.”
Alec ignored him, rage building inside of him. He closed in on Luca, keeping him in his sights, stalking him. 
“Alec, hear me. Shift back now. Shift back.”
The wolf continued on, closing in, snarling and thrashing the air with its claws.
“Pull it back, Alec.” Luca’s voice cracked a bit. He put some distance between he and Alec. “Order the beast back, order it back. Feel it shrinking back inside you. Alec, do it, do it now!”
The Alec wolf stopped and leaned back, snarling at the air, and then whimpered. His claws retracted. The fur withered away and Alec slowly returned. 
“That was close,” Luca said. “You obviously have not been feeding the beast.”
“Feed?”
“Yes, you must feed the beast. Don’t let it get hungry. If it gets too hungry that’s when it controls you. The blackouts, the dreams. Keep the beast inside satisfied and fed and you will keep control of it.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…”
“Don’t sweat it. Another inch and I would have shifted and put you down. I could have taken you.”
“Oh, really,” Alec chuckled and smiled.
Luca laughed. “Really!” He put his arms around Alec and kissed him, nuzzling his neck and nipping at his ears. 
Alec held him tight, ran his fingers through his dark hair. Inside he swelled with excitement and contentment. He’d come home. They left the clearing and pushed their way through the wilderness again.
Alec felt his nose itching, and his eyes watered.  Luca stopped. He brushed his face with his hand and turned to Alec.
“Look there,” he said, pointing to a bushel of small purple flowers. “That’s wolfsbane. Stay away from it. It’s the only thing that isn’t a myth. It’s our one real weakness. The smell alone can repel us, and the plant can be made into a poison. Once in our bloodstream it can kill us, in any form we’re in. It’s foul. Don’t get anywhere near it.”
“Okay.” Alec recognized the flowers…they were in Max’s house. Her mother’s flowers, the ones in the hall. What did that mean? Did her mother know about werewolves? Did Max? I’m sure it’s just a coincidence. His mind drifted back to his first night in Redfern, the motel. The scent--he recognized it as the same scent as in the motel. Another coincidence? Luca waved his hand in front of Alec’s face, pulling him out of his head.
“Come,” Luca said. “I want you to meet my pack. The boys will love you.”
###
When Alec set eyes on the house he thought it was the biggest home he’d ever seen. It looked like a mansion. It was made of brick and stone, a balcony came off the top, highest set of windows. There was a wraparound porch with posts and a slanted roof. Flagstone steps formed a path to the front door from the edge of the forest.
“This is incredible,” Alec said to Luca.
It was obvious how proud and excited Luca was about the place. “It’s been in my family for generations. It belonged to my great grandfather. He was one of us. Not my grandfather or father. The gift skipped both of them and came right to me. I think my great grandfather knew I would be a wolf. That’s why he willed the house to me.”
“It’s a great house. You live here full time?”
“That’s right, me and my boys.” He put his arm around Alec and moved him toward the house.
They entered a plain foyer with a single light in the ceiling above. The next room was a big hall with white walls and a giant, white-bricked fireplace in the back and a set of stairs that ascended on the right. 
Luca walked to a set of French doors on the left. Alec followed him, and as they entered, he stopped, unable to believe what he was seeing.
Three gorgeous men were on the floor of what appeared to be a family room with a leather couch and loveseat. The three men were in a circle on a bearskin rug, going down on each other, sucking slowly, moaning and sighing, running hands over smooth, muscular bodies, asses clinching, hips thrusting. Alec watched blond and dark-haired heads bobbing and a shaved-head leaning back, gasping.
Alec’s body was awashed with desire. His pulse raced again as he felt himself growing hard. Luca looked back at him with a devilish and knowing smile. He winked at him before stepping into the room, the men’s moan growing louder in their ecstasy.
“Boys,” Luca called. “Have some manners. We have a guest.”
The three guys jumped up and rushed for their clothes. 
Luca laughed and went to Alec. “We share everything around here,” he whispered. “But I have no intention of sharing you.”
The three guys gathered together, nuzzling close, touching each other, kissing each other’s necks and behind the ears.
“Boys, this is Alec. He’s had the wakening and he’s come to us. He’s just like us, and strong too. The beast in him is fierce… full of piss and vinegar. He’s one of us and I want you to welcome him.”
Two of them broke away and came to Alec. They sniffed around him, touching his chest and his cheeks. The one with blond hair had tattoos on his biceps, some Celtic runes on one arm, and a link of thorns on the other. His eyes were hazel and bright. He had dimples and a beauty mark on one cheek. “I’m Jake.” He put out his hand and Alec shook it.
The other guy had hair as dark as Luca’s but kept it a bit longer, and a little shaggy. His eyes were light green, almost pale. He had a chin beard, cropped and dark like the hair on his head. He shook Alec’s hand. “I’m Adam.”
Luca gestured to the third man to approach. This man had a shaved head and very dark eyes, like Luca’s. He wore earring in both ears and a dog tag around his neck. “This is Marcus,” Luca said.  “My right hand man. Marcus is my most loyal wolf. He takes charge and watches over the pack when I’m away or need to travel.”
Marcus stepped up to Alec and put out his hand. “Welcome,” he said softly, almost with hesitation. The handshake was weak.
“It’s okay, Marcus.” Luca wrapped his arms around his second-in-command. “”This is what we’ve been waiting for. We’ll be the strongest we’ve ever been. No one will be able to match us.”
Alec surveyed them all. They were close knit, tender to each other, and very sexual. It oozed off them. They were perfect specimens of manhood, young and hard, living at their own will and desires. He felt as if he’d found heaven, but he needed to be wary and stay guarded. Marcus’ feeling were obvious and he felt a challenge there. 
He also felt like the third… or fifth or sixth wheel. They didn’t know him. The house felt strange, memories called out to him, energy surged in its walls.
“You all live here?” asked Alec. 
The guys smiled, arms around each other, and nodded. 
“That’s right,” Luca said. “We hunt by night together, and during the day, we stay here, doing whatever we want. Sleeping, playing, watching TV…fucking.” He winked at Alec, then smiled to his boys.
“What do you do for money? None of you work?”
“We don’t need to,” Luca continued. “The house is mine, and all paid for years ago. All of our food we get on the hunt. There is some we find on our own, regular stuff we put in the kitchen fridge. In the winter, we have plenty of fireplaces to keep warm.”
“That’s amazing. What about electricity? Cell phones? Cars?”
“No cars,” Luca said. “We can get across town faster than any car, and even to the next state and back. Jake owned a motorcycle when I turned him. We keep it in the basement and use it if we need to. As for the other stuff…I have friends in the historical society that keep the lights on. They consider this place historical and pay for the lights. We have everything we need here.”
“Wish I could say the same. I need the money, y’know. Can’t live without it.”
“You don’t need it,” Luca said. “You can live here. Leave the human life behind and be with us. You’ll never want for anything again.”
Alec saw a look flash in Marcus’s eyes. He didn’t like it.
“I don’t know, Luca,” Alec said. “I don’t think I’m ready for that. I just figured out who I am. I’m not ready for all of…”
“It’s all right,” Luca put his arms around him and stopped his words with a kiss. “There’s no rush.” He took Alec by the hand again and led him upstairs. 
It was Luca’s bedroom at the top of the stairs. He slid the bedroom door into the frame in the wall. Something else Alec had never seen. 
They walked in to find another man sleeping naked in Luca’s huge bed. “I was wondering where he was,” Luca said. “C’mon, Michael, up and out.”
A thin man with curly, dusty brown hair got up and stretched. He let out a yawn and smiled. “Hi.”
“Alec, this is Michael, our youngest.”
“Hey.” Michael stood up, his chest a thatch of light brown hair. 
“Nice to meet you.”
“Michael, Alec is one of us now, all right? So no messing with him.”
“Yeah, yeah, gotcha.” Michael slipped out of the room.
“He likes to sleep wherever my scent is,” Luca said to Alec. He pulled Alec to him and covered his neck in kisses before nibbling on his skin with his teeth. 
Alec curled his arms around Luca’s back and hugged him tight. He loved the way Luca nibbled on him, down his neck to his shoulder to his chest. He let Luca lift his shirt and suckle his nipples. Luca pushed him down on the bed and pulled the rest of Alec’s clothes off.
Luca then crawled over Alec and asked him to do the same. Alec pulled Luca’s clothes off piece by piece. Luca licked him all the way down to his cock and slipped it into his mouth, massaging it with his tongue, then stroking it in his hand. Alec closed his eyes.
A moment later, Alec pulled Luca’s head up, leaned over and kissed him. He flipped Luca over and went down on him, licking his shaft up and down. Alec caressed Luca’s legs, rubbed his things and with a strong hand, turned Luca onto his belly.
“Yes, Alec, yes…” Luca sighed.
Alec ran his tongue down Luca’s back and to his ass. He got Luca’s ass wet. He slipped a finger into Luca’s throbbing hole. Luca groaned, his breathing quick and heavy. It made Alec even more excited.
“Another one,” Luca whispered. “Put another one in.”
Alec obliged, sliding two fingers inside of Luca and pushing in and out gently, then gradually faster and harder. Luca backed into Luca’s fingers, huffing and writhing.
“Take me Alec,” Luca called. “Fuck me.” He looked back at Alec with fire in his eyes.
A second later, Alec saw Luca’s eyes shift to yellow. It drove him crazy. He slid his fingers out and climbed on top of Luca. He laid his belly on Luca’s back and rubbed his hard dick between his buttocks. 
“Yeah,” Luca gasped. “Yeah, fuck me.”
Alec nuzzled the back of Luca’s neck, bit his ears and spread Luca’s legs. He slipped inside of Luca and humped, again and again, harder and faster. Luca groaned voraciously, bucking against Alec, savoring every moment, every thrust. Alec fought to hold back his climax; he wanted to enjoy riding Luca as long as he could. A fire surged inside his belly—it spread throughout his entire body.
The fire was consuming, raging, Alec’s body became one with Luca. He was almost in another state of consciousness. He was in the throes of passion, elevated by Luka’s pure enjoyment of being fucked and dominated. Alec suddenly realized he liked dominating someone as strong and enigmatic as Luca, an alpha of his kind. The thought sent Alec into a frenzy; he growled and humped harder, sweat pouring off of him
He threw his head back, yelped aloud and pulled out of Luca, climaxing, and when his eyes fluttered open, he caught a glimpse of Marcus in the bedroom doorway, watching them. 
Luca’s cries drew him back to his partner, watching him climax and his face morph with pleasure. Luca turned over and embraced Alec, pressing against him and lowering the two of them onto the bed. Luca kissed him and closed his eyes. Alec looked over at the doorway again and Marcus was gone.
“Remember, feed the beast,” Luca whispered into his ear as they fell asleep.
Nine

“Where the hell have you been?” 
Alec had never seen Max so mad. She was hustling from table to table, an apron around her waist, food orders in her hands. “I’m so sorry. I was on a hike and I lost all track of time.”
“Do you own a watch?”
“I—I…”
“You know, that thing that tells time? I’m going to buy you one. You’re hours late and I am frantic, as you can see.”
“You’re right. It’s no excuse. Please forgive me?”
Max stared at him, then cracked a smile. “Damn blue eyes. Get to work!”
“Yes, ma’am.” Alec ran over and surveyed the table chart while throwing an apron around his neck.  Philip clinked a few glasses together loud enough to get Alec’s attention.
“I know I don’t know you very well,” Philip said. “But this isn’t the first time you were late. I covered for you the last few times. Max didn’t know. It doesn’t seem like your style to be late or a slacker. Is everything all right?”
Alec just stared at Philip. He wanted to tell him everything, he really did, but how could he? He looked into Philip’s eyes; they were so beautiful and full of innocence. “You’re right; it isn’t like me. Not at all. I’ve just been losing track of things.”
“You might want to see a doctor.”
“It’s not like that, really. It’s a new town, new job. Starting over. I’m sure you know what I mean.”
“I do. Just don’t want to see anything happen to you. I’m talking as a friend here…nothing more.”
“Friend.” Alec smiled at him. “I’m glad to hear that. Really, I’m okay. Just being a temporary idiot, that’s all.”
“Okay, if you say so. You better get out there before she yells at you again.”
Alec laughed, took up a check pad, and headed out on the floor. He thought of Philip, and his mind flashed back to their kiss in the storage rooms below. Guilt swirled inside of him. He wanted Philip to have joy, to spend his nights with someone. He wished it could be him, but it could never be. There would always be this secret he could never tell him.
He cleared his mind and sighed, greeting a new table of hikers set to climb the mountains--a set of twin brothers and their girlfriends. The mountains. Luca’s face came into his head. He saw him, fangs showing and wet with saliva, yellow eyes enflamed. The mountains were a big place, spanned a few states. The odds of them crossing paths with...nah, it was remote. Besides, Luca controlled the shifting of the beast and there were plenty of deer, elk, moose, rabbits…
“Hi, I’m Alec, and I’ll be your server today.”
###
There was an entirely new chapter in Alec’s life. One he didn’t expect. He thought he was the only one of his kind, the only one having nightmares and blackouts, the only one with a strange hunger and bloodlust. Waking up naked in the forest outside his town seemed like a lifetime ago. 
Now, he was feeling confident and aware, awake for the first time. He only needed to work on controlling the change, shifting at will. What were the possibilities? He could do anything…the strength of ten men, the speed of a train, the senses of a real wolf on steroids. There was nothing he couldn’t do.
Alec looked at himself in the mirror. Studied his face, his muscles. He took his shirt off and tensed his arms. He breathed in and out, slow at first, then faster, faster still, taking deeper breaths. 
He felt the subtle pain building and he heard Luca’s voice in the back of his mind. Feel it in your core. Feel the pull of it. 
His legs bowed, his hands clinched into fists. He growled at himself, but it wasn’t real and it sounded ridiculous. He snarled at his own reflection, flexed his arms, pushed out his chest and tried again.
Nothing. 
He looked at himself, waiting for the fur to sprout. The pain inside was a dull ache now. His skin grew gooseflesh. 
“Damn, it’s cold in here.” He put his shirt back on and ran his fingers through his hair. “Fine, I’m not ready yet.”
He started walking away and turned back to the mirror quickly, trying to scare himself, leaping off his feet only to fall on the floor. A thud echoed through the room and carried below.
“Alec!” Max called from the bottom of his stairs. “You all right up there?”
He walked over to his doorway and peered around the corner. “I’m great. Just tripping over my big, clumsy feet.”
“You know what they say about big feet!” Max called, then laughed out loud.
“You’re evil!” he replied, hearing her giggle all the way back to the dining room.
He turned back to the mirror a last time and shrugged. What the hell? You’re going to listen to me, my friend. You don’t control me. I control you.
He remembered suddenly something Luca had said. Feed the beast and you will control it. It won’t control you. Alec left his room and headed downstairs. He made his way discreetly outside and ran down the road to the forest and the trees, the wild and the animals. 
Alec pulled his shirt and pants off, tucked them behind a rock, and took a sniff of the air. Some kind of animal, a doe, perhaps. His mouth watered, and in the next second he raced into the brush, leapt off a tree stump, and the pain bit through his core, his flesh sprouted fur, and he landed on claws when he hit the ground, picking up the footfalls of his prey.
###
After his evening shift at Nan’s, Alec slipped out without anyone noticing. He headed straight for Luca’s house high up in the mountains.
He and Luca  finished having sex, chests heaving, bodies dripping with sweat, and curled up together on Luca’s bed. 
“It gets better every time we do it,” Alec said to him.
Luca touched his cheek, running his fingers along his face, up to his hair. “Everything intensifies with people like us. Not only is sex more intense, but so are our senses. You must have noticed?”
“I have… my hearing is better. My speed. And don’t even get me started on my sense of smell.”
Luca chuckled. “There’s so much we can do just in our human forms. You really should practice. You would be amazed. Watch.”  He stood up on the bed and looked down at Alec, then launched himself into the air. Luca flipped through the air and caught hold of a roof beam stretching across the ceiling. He hung from it with both hands, then flipped himself onto it, balancing on his toes like some sort of acrobat at the circus.
“See. It’s easy. And this, too…” Luca dove to the floor with ease and grace and stuck his arms under the bed, lifting it from the floor with Alec still on it. “You are stronger than you know.” He put the bed down and slipped back into it. “Give it a try.”
“The first time I noticed something was different,” Alec said, “I was bolting through some state parkland naked.”
“That must have been something.” Luca smiled.
Alec smiled back before climbing to his feet. He jumped into the air and landed atop Luca’s dresser. He crouched on top of it before leaping to the ceiling beams just as Luca did. 
“Very good,” Luca said. “But you don’t need to use the dresser. You can get up there on your own power.”
“Baby steps,” Alec said and dropped back onto the bed.
Luca nuzzled up to him, sitting behind him and covering the back of his neck in kisses. “Be my pack mate,” Luca whispered into his ear, blowing into it.
Alec shivered all over. He reached back and caressed Luca’s head with his hand. He could feel the other man’s heartbeat keeping pace with his own. “Oh, Luca,” Alec said breathlessly. 
“We belong together. You are my pack mate. You always have been.” Luca sunk his canine teeth into Alec’s right shoulder—leaving his mark. “Together we will rule the mountains.”
Alec sighed, wincing, but enjoying the pain. “Luca…”
The bedroom door creaked a bit. A footfall sounded just outside of it.  Alec’s ears picked up someone gulping as if frightened. 
Luca leapt from the bed and shot to the door in a flash. He flung the door open and yanked a skinny man into the room.  A young man with glasses and a crew cut fell to the floor. He looked up at Alec with a pitiful look on his face, a mix of embarrassment and fear. 
“Will, what the hell are you doing outside my bedroom? You disturbed us and I’m not happy.”
“I’m sorry, Luca,” the man whimpered, his voice trembling. “I was looking for you. I wanted to ask again. I’ve been really good. I’ve left no evidence. I’ve cleaned everything. I’ve taken care of the groceries and the wine.”
“Idiot. You don’t ask me. I tell you when you’re ready. Empty all of the trash in the house and ask Marcus if he needs anything Now get out of my sight.” He pushed Will out the room with his foot.
Alec sat speechless on the bed. Pity filled him for this man, this Will that he didn’t even know.
Luca crawled back into bed. “Sorry about that.”
“Who was he?”
“A mistake. I was drunk, having some fun with him, and I turned him. Chewed him up a bit. I thought I had killed him, but no, that would have been too easy. He’s followed me around ever since like a puppy. He keeps begging to join my pack. Of course he can’t.”
“Why not? What’s the harm?”
“The guy is weak. He shouldn’t be a wolf. It was my mistake. That’s why we don’t turn humans without being sure they can handle it. I hand-picked my boys myself. Will is something I’m trying to forget, but he just won’t go away.”
“So let him join.”
“Alec, you don’t understand. The pack is only as good as its strongest member. Will can’t hurt a fly. He’s afraid. Even in his wolf form he’s weaker than any of the shifters I’ve come across. What enhances the rest of us somehow got worse in him. He would barely survive in the wild. I can’t have him taking us down. So I let him clean up after us, keep the house stocked and in order. But he’s never going to be one of us. Never.”
“Sounds sad.”
“Don’t worry about him.” Luca put his arms around Alec and kissed him. “Come back to me in a couple of nights. It’s time for the pack to hunt. We’re getting hungry. I’d like for you to hunt with us. It’ll complete your entry into our pack. It’s a full moon, too, not that it matters, but it’s fun to hunt by the moon’s light.”
“Sure, it’ll help me control the beast, won’t it?”
“Definitely. Remember, feed the beast.”
“Okay, I’ll be there.” Alec said.
“Awesome.” Luca leaned his head against Alec’s. “It’s going to be fantastic.”
“Why don’t you have Will join us, prove himself.”
“Oh, he’ll be there.”
“He will?”
“Sure. I made the problem and I’ll take care of it. You’ll see.”
“Good. I’ll see you in a couple nights, then.” Alec got off the bed and got dressed. He left the room, Luca’s eyes on him the entire time, and headed downstairs. On his way out, he spotted Marcus shoving Will into a wall before throwing a bag of garbage at him. “Get rid of that.” 
Marcus turned to Alec as he was leaving. “Luca never let me fuck him before, ever. You must be special.”  Marcus winked at him before leaving the room. 
###
Back at Nan’s, Alec used his key to unlock the doors and head up to his room. There was a note on the door. Missed you tonight. Wanted to take you out for a drink. Next time. xxoo Max. 
He pulled the note from the door and smiled. Heading inside, he plopped himself onto the bed and watched the nearly full moon outside his window, the moonlight streaming in and hitting the bed. Alec wiggled his toes in it and thought about Luca, thought about hunting with him and the others. There was excitement swelling inside of him about it, as well as trepidation. He hoped he would do okay, that the others would accept him. He’d devoured animals before, so it wouldn’t be too hard for him to take down a moose or deer with help from the other boys. 
Actually, it would make him feel less like a monster and more a part of his own kind. He couldn’t wait for the hunt.
He glanced at Max’s note again, then remembered the wolfsbane all around her home. Did she know what went on up in the mountains? Or was it just coincidence? Maybe her mother just liked the flowers … or it was Max’s mother Nan who knew. Perhaps she’d run across them before or had seen one of them. That would explain it.
How many others in town knew? Luca didn’t seem at all that worried about the people of Redfern. He was not concerned about exposure or being shot and killed. Although he knew a lot about what could kill him and the others. There were still so many questions, but all in good time… all in good time. Each time he thought of Luca or conjured up his face, a fire burned inside him, and for now that was all that mattered.
Alec chuckled as he drifted off. “Feed the beast.”
Ten

The tent came down with one pull. Rachelle collapsed her tent and packed it up. She’d spent a couple days at a campsite in between Matt’s place and the mountains she kept seeing on the horizon. 
She’d spoken to the rangers, to the officials at the headquarters, and the state employees that ran the check-in and registration. No one had seen Alec, and no one ever remembered him using their campgrounds.  She even showed her brother’s picture around to some of her fellow campers, but it gained her nothing. No one had seen him. 
There were so many parks and campsites that this could take a long time, and before long, camping would be long out of season. If Alec was living on the land, he would freeze to death if he didn’t get some other form of shelter. He couldn’t stay outdoors, snow would come, blizzards, ice storms, below zero temperatures. Rachelle didn’t want to think about it. 
This was getting Rachelle nowhere. It was as if she were depending on a chance meeting to run into her brother and talk some sense into him.  That wasn’t going to happen, and he could be anywhere; she could be way off. It definitely felt as if the trail was growing cold.
Rachelle packed up her supplies and piled them into her car. She slid behind the wheel and dialed a call on her cell phone.
“Hi, Matt. Yes, I am. Well, spent a few days at a campsite. Yeah, I think it’s a dead end. No, I’m not giving up. That’s fine. Yes, Matt, I know you have to move on with your life. I don’t care if he doesn’t want to be found. I’m not going to stop looking for him. He’s the only family I have. And he knows it, too; he’s never shut me out like this before, and I want to get to the bottom of it.  All right, then, fine, Matt, I’ll leave you alone.”
She hung up the cell and threw her phone down on the seat beside her. Her eyes welled. Not going to cry. She started the car and pulled away from the campsite. Looking back at the shady spots, the pine trees surrounding the site like a natural canopy and the picnic tables, she could almost see Alec emerging from one of the tents and waving to her, a huge smile on his face.
Can’t really blame Matt. He does need to move on, Alec left him and probably isn’t coming back. She would never wait for a man, either. She’d dust herself off and start again, after some quality time first. She decided to leave Matt alone; he needed the closure and she could see now she was only hurting him.  
She entered the highway again and continued north. A hawk sailed through the sky ahead of her. It was a good sign. Rachelle believed in things like that, good omens, no coincidences, intuition, dreams that came true. She kept an eye on the hawk as it continued hovering over the highway. It’d been a while since she had any dreams about Alec, but that wasn’t about to stop her. He was just off the radar and that was it. He was hiding and doing a damn great job.
He needed to know one thing, that he was loved, no matter what. Finding him would prove it to him. Prove that he didn’t have to hide, that he could tell her anything, just as he always had. Why this was different, she couldn’t understand. This was extreme, even for him. Alec coming out was nothing compared to this. 
The hawk steered out of her view and vanished into the tall trees that lined the highway. She sighed and pushed down harder on the accelerator. Some graffiti caught her eyes on a rocky curbside to her left—it read: Feed the beast.
###
On the night of the full moon, Nan’s Grill was at its busiest. Of course, the moon just had to become full on a Saturday night, and the irony of it was not lost on Alec. He rushed around the room, serving table after table. He realized Saturday was the most popular night for eating out, but he’d never seen the restaurant this full.
All Alec could think of was his newfound friends, his pack, as he had come to think of them. He noticed how much more confident he felt, strong, unbeatable, the world in his hands, since discovering them. Shifting under his own control had changed his entire world, no more blackouts, no more surprises, at least he hoped not.
He wanted to hunt with Luca, and he couldn’t wait to see him again, but right now, Max was making that seem like a pipedream. She kept strutting past him, seating more people in his section with a huge grin on her face. She accepted more reservations and told people the wait for a table wasn’t all that bad.
Thanks so much, Max. What he was the most happiest about was that he and Philip were friends again. They joked, they laughed, they traded stories of demanding customers and young women handing them their phone numbers, but mostly, Alec found a camaraderie with Philip, the two of them battling through the droves of demanding people and squealing kids. 
Philip mixed and poured drinks like a champ. Bottle caps flew, the shaker rattled non-stop, and glasses clinked as the alcohol flowed like a river. “How you keeping up?” Philip asked Alec.
“About the same as you.”
“So, nearly dead on your feet?”
Alec laughed. “You got it. Think of the money, my friend. Think of the money.”
“Yeah, Max used to try that one on me all the time. Still doesn’t make my feet feel any better.”
“Just buy more comfortable shoes, then.”
Philip’s face lit up with a smile. Alec enjoyed seeing that and was glad for it. He made the time pass. “Here,” Philip said. “Take your drinks and get away from my bar.”
“You’re the best bartender I know.” Alec swept the drinks up and headed back to the tables. He heard Philip call behind him.
“I’m the only one you know.”
The night grew long and the people scarce. Eventually, Nan’s served its last customers and locked up for the night. Philip and Alec divided up the tips as Max closed out the register.
“Our best night yet, boys!” Max squealed with delight. “I swear, Alec, it’s like you’re some kind of good luck charm or something. Ever since you came to town, our place just gets busier and busier. It doesn’t hurt that you’re gorgeous. Who wouldn’t come in and want to see that face?” She reached over and pinched his cheek.
Philip smiled, his face flushing slightly red, and made himself look busy. Alec saw right through it. 
“All right, reel it in, Max.” Alec untied his apron and put his tips into his jeans pocket. 
“I’m serious, blondie. We are busier.”
“That’s just tourist season, not me.”
“It isn’t even the height of the season yet and I’ve been here all my life. I’m telling ya. Something’s different.”
Things are different, all right. Alec thought. You have a new werewolf in town and he just found out where he belongs. Some kind of balance in this area, maybe. Guess that could be it. Why the hell not.
“What do you guys want to do now?” Max asked.
“Bed,” Alec and Philip said in unison.
Max’s eyes widened and grinned. “Well, don’t let me get in your way, you two. Have at it.”
“Max,” Philip scolded. 
“C’mon you guys,” she said. “It’s Saturday night and we’re young and full of fun.”
“Sorry, Max,” Alec said. “I may be young, but I am beat and I have to get up early tomorrow for a run.”
“Do you ever stop running?” asked Max.
“I think I just might have.” He met her eyes and winked at her. She gave him a smile back. 
“Fine, guess I’ll have to make my own fun. Go head up, Alec, we’ll lock up.”
“Thanks, guys, you’re the best.” Alec headed upstairs to his room. He closed the door quietly behind him and walked softly across his apartment. The full moon rose on the horizon, its light catching him on the face. 
He felt the beast stirring just underneath the surface. He began to pace, itching to get out there in the wild with his pack. What is taking them so long to leave?
Alec listened at his apartment door again then headed back over to his window, staring at the purple-cloaked mountains and the ghostly pale light of the moon. He thought about climbed out of the window, but as soon as he reached for the ledge, he heard Philip’s Jeep start up.
The door downstairs slammed shut and locked and next he heard Max stroll across the parking lot and get into her car. When he was sure they were gone, he made his way back downstairs.  He unlocked the front door and slipped outside, relocking it behind him as he dashed down the road.
Alec hit the forest head on, the smell of it filling his senses as he made his way through the dark, his vision perfect, his hearing picking up every night bird and creature that stirred. The scent of dirt and pine filled him as he ascended, and, as he drew closer to Luca’s house, he picked up hints of the other wolves, of Marcus, Adam, Jake, Michael, and of course Luca. Their individual scent, their masculine sensuality, grew stronger as he got closer--their dander, their heat and their hunger. He felt them….all of them.
Amber light lit up the windows of the house as Alec approached. He leapt onto the porch from several feet away, eager with anticipation, tingling with excitement. Alec strolled into the house, his pulse racing. 
Candles glowed throughout the house, lining the walls in sconces, sitting on shelves, tables, and in windowsills. Alec walked down the hall. The house was quiet. He didn’t see anyone around until he saw the door to the family room ajar. He saw movement on the other side. 
Alec smiled and rushed to the room. “Luca?”
Behind the door, Jake and Adam sat in the loveseat, wrapped around each other and making out. Adam ran his hands through Jake’s blond hair, while Jake embraced Adam, pulling him tight against himself.  
Alec froze, feeling awkward. “Oh, I’m sorry.”
The two men stopped kissing and looked up at him. “It’s all right,” Jake said. “Come on in, Alec, sit with us.”
“Yeah,” Adam added. “Don’t be shy.”
“Well, I…”
Jake got up and took Alec by the hand. He led him to the couch and sat down. Adam joined them. 
“You’re so hot,” Jake said. He kissed Alec on the cheek.
“Thank you,” Alec said as Adam caressed his neck with his lips and nose. His beard tickled. Alec grew warm. He did admit to enjoying the attention, but it felt wrong somehow.
Luca appeared in the doorway. “Good, getting to know each other.”
Alec’s heart fluttered. He wanted to get up and push the young men off him. “Luca, I…”
“No, it’s okay. They’re just getting to know you, getting your scent and your energy. They’re good boys, really. No playing right now, guys, save your energy for the hunt.”
Luca approached them and Alec swooned from his raw energy; it flowed all around him. It was wild, sensual, feral. The smell of sex emanated off him. He lifted Alec out of the arms of Jake and Adam and kissed him deeply. 
“Tonight is a special night,” Luca said. “Your first hunt with us. Are you ready?”
“I think so,” Alec replied, nearly breathless.
“Are you excited?”
“Very.”
Luca smiled slyly. “Good. I’ll be right back and then we’re off to eat.”
Alec watched Luca exit the room. Out in the common area he saw Marcus and Michael; they were pulling Will along with them. Marcus stuck out his foot and tripped Will to the floor. 
Both Marcus and Michael laughed loudly. “C’mon, dog,” Marcus yelled at Will. “Get over here and wash my feet. I have a hunt to go on. I need to be ready.”
Will crawled over to Marcus’s feet and licked them, over and over.
Alec’s heart sunk, a twinge of anger shot through him. He went over to Marcus and got up into his face, causing him to back away from Will. “Why don’t you leave him alone?”
“What?”
“You heard me. He’s a human being, not your pet.”
“Actually, he isn’t a human being, he’s a wolf. A pathetic one, but still a wolf.” Marcus laughed and Michael parroted him.
“I don’t care what you call him. He doesn’t deserve to be treated that way.” Alec bent down and helped Will to his feet. He felt a hand on his arm.
Marcus pulled him around. “You don’t know anything. You’ve been in the pack all of what, five minutes? Keep your mouth shut until you know how things work.” 
Alec jumped back as an arm wrapped around Marcus’s throat. Luca rose up behind Marcus and hurled him across the room. “Actually,” Luca snarled. “I’d rather his mouth did other things.” In the blink of an eye Luca dashed across the room and seized Marcus by the throat.
Luca slammed him against the wall. “No one puts a hand on him but me,” Luca said to Marcus. “He’s new to us and our ways. I alone will teach him. Do we understand each other, Marcus?”
Marcus nodded, he squinted, spittle gathering at the corner of his mouth, and Luca let him fall to the floor.
Alec swallowed air. The house was deadly silent. Luca suddenly appeared by Alec’s side. “It’s all right,” Luca said, running his fingers through Alec’s hair and kissing behind his ear. “No rift in our bonds. Marcus will be okay.”
Luca turned to Will and rubbed the cringing man’s shoulders. “Come with us as always, and pick up the pieces. Okay, Will?”
Will nodded. “Of course. Of course. Please, give me your bite. Make me one of your boys.”
“Not until you have proven yourself, Will.” 
Bite. Luca’s bite.  Alec looked around and noticed every one of them had a bite, on the shoulder, just as he did. Marcus, Jake, Adam, and Michael all had the bite. Alec realized that Luca had made them all, his own personal pack. 
At first he didn’t know what to think, but as soon as Luca was close again, he let it go. What did it matter? Luca just wanted what anyone wanted, to not be alone, to have a family to love with, to laugh with, to hunt with. 
“Okay, boys,” Luca called. “Are you ready?”
Everyone in the room huffed, then growled. They gathered together.
“Are you hungry?”
The guys roared and started stripping out of their clothes. Luca laughed, then turned to Alec. “Go ahead, we shift as soon as we get out the door.” 
Alec smiled and yanked his shirt over his head, then unbuttoned his pants, letting them fall to his ankles. Luca barked at him playfully.
Luca wove his boys on, the lot of them rushing from the house in all of their naked glory. Alec watched Jakes arms grow gray fur. Adam’s fur was the color of onyx. Marcus’s shaved head was covered in fur; he was no longer bald.
Alec and Luca exited the house last. They jumped into the forest, flipping through the air and landing on their feet. Luca’s muscle rippled and expanded, his chest heaved. Fur spread down his bulging spine. Alec froze in his steps; he flexed his arms and panted.
“Come on, Alec,” Luca called to him in a half-growl. “Feel it in your core. Feel the beast, and make it happen.”
Alec saw the beast, he saw the claws and teeth, he felt the raw power surge through him, and he pulled the wolf out. Hands now claws, jaws of razor-sharp teeth snapping at the air, Alec roared at the full moon and followed Luca into the deep, dark forest.
###
Alec’s mind and pulse raced. He ran side by side with Luca and the other werewolves. He and Luca pulled ahead, scaling the sides of trees, leaping boulders, busting through overgrowth and over deadfalls. They splashed across a river and entered a trail.
The veil of the full moon’s light soaked everything, illuminating the night world, but it was hardly necessary. Alec scanned the forest with new eyes tuned to everything in his path, a sight both sharp and detailed, skilled at picking up the slightest movement and the best disguised prey.
A fire rose in Alec’s chest, fueling him on, causing him to push harder, run faster, bask in the thrill of hunting and being with his new pack. Snarls rasped from between steel trap jaws, rushing air filled his lungs as the scents of the forest filled his keen nostrils. He heard the night creatures everywhere, chaos ensuing, fleeing in every direction. 
He felt animals coming into his sphere. He sensed their helplessness, their panic. He smelled their blood, their flesh. His mouth watered. He wanted to tear into their flesh and eat until he was beyond full.
Close. Closer still.  Elk. Deer. Others. He was ready. Ready to pounce, ready to share with his new brothers. He caught the presences of a deer attempting escape on his left. Brush rustled, fear reeked and …
Luca passed it by, zooming violently forward, ignoring the obvious kill. The others did the same, following his lead.  Alec didn’t understand. He slowed a bit. 
Umm, guys? Deer. Food. Right here. About to escape. Where are we going? Alec picked up his pace and chased after them, ignoring the deer. Perhaps it wasn’t a challenge. Too easy a prey? Were they expecting more than one, a herd? Or did they need to fight their prey to the death?
Whatever it was, Alec was eager to find out. The thrill of it pulled him hard and right back to Luca’s side. Luca looked over at him and barked, a mix of amusement and appeasement, as if to say, don’t worry, it’s coming!
Alec followed Luca and the others to a clearing with two tents. The remnants of a smoldering fire sat between the tents. Luca took stormed suddenly directly at the tents, the others followed him.
A horrific scene unfolded before Alec. He watched Luca rip into the tents and attack the slumbering humans inside. Luca took hold of a screaming woman with his claws and tossed her into the air. Jake and Adam tackled her in the air, crashing to the ground with her. They tore into her body, ripping at her limbs and pulling her into a gory tug-o-war.
Screams erupted throughout the clearing. Luca dragged a man from one of the shredded tents as Alec stood frozen, unable to move or think or run. Alec recognized him, and the other man that Michael bit into…they were the twin brothers and their girlfriends that Alec had served at Nan’s just a few days ago.
Luca tore one of the brother’s throats out and descended on the rest of him, devouring him piece by piece. One of the girlfriends raced toward the forest perimeter, but Marcus leapt through the air, crashing down on top of her. He ripped his teeth up her back and yanked her over. Marcus tore into her, stifling her screams.
Alec felt sick. He trembled from head to toe, watching the carnage all around him, watching what he thought were his brothers kill and eat four humans without a second thought. Luca looked up at him with a blood-drenched muzzle, his eye enflamed. He roared at Alec, urging him to join in the attack, to eat with him, but Alec couldn’t. He wouldn’t. Somehow he managed to control the beast and refrain from the horrible acts in front of him.
He shifted back to human form as the others finished up, tears streaming his face. Alec had never thought this was what Luca had meant by the hunt. He assumed he mean wild animals, deer, rabbit, moose. This never dawned on him, not in a hundred years. Even back when he didn’t know what he was, when the blackouts ruled his night, he knew he ate animals, small ones in the parks and woods. He’d wake up with their remains not far from him and their blood all over him. That was until the dreams came and he saw Matt dead by his hands.
A small, meek wolf walked up to Alec’s side. He was scrawny and mangy looking. He hesitated, then looked at Alec and whimpered. Alec suddenly recognized him as Will.  
Will shifted to human form and turned to Alec. “Aren’t you hungry?”
“I can’t do this. Will, this is awful…it’s like I’m trapped in a nightmare.”
“I would give anything to eat with them. Luca chose you to be his mate and first in the pack alongside himself. I would trade with you in a second.”
Alec looked at him, his heart pounding against his chest. “Be careful what you wish for, Will. This is madness.”
Luca shifted back to human, blood splattering his chest, dripping down his chin. His fingers glistened with it. He walked slowly to Alec, his breathing heavy, rapid. “Alec, what’s wrong? Are you all right?”
“Luca…I…” Alec shook his head. His stomach churned and he felt nauseous. “I—I—can’t…”
“Oh, you didn’t know.” A smile filled with pity softened his face. He reached up and caressed Alec’s cheek, leaving a spot of blood in it. “I’m sorry. You didn’t know we were going to hunt human prey. It’s okay. The first time is always difficult. You don’t have to eat tonight. Next time it’ll be much easier.”
“Next time?”
“Sure. You have to feed. It’s who we are. It’s our nature. You must feed the beast.”
“I don’t think I can, Luca. This feels wrong…I feel like we’re monsters…”
“Not monsters. Wolves. Werewolves. What did you think werewolves ate?”
“I’ve been eating animals.”
“In the beginning, but that won’t satisfy your wolf side. It wants more. It wants our real prey—the humans. Listen, it’s fine. You don’t have to do this tonight. I’ll show you how next time; it’s not as bad as you think. After the first kill it comes naturally.”
“I feel awful. Those poor brothers…I just…”
“Don’t think about it.” Luca put his arm around Alec, attempting to turn him away. Alec saw Jake, Adam, Marcus and Michael turn back to human and lick their lips and fingers, cleaning the blood off of one another. 
Luca turned back to Will, seeing the scrawny wolf nibbling the remains, picking flesh off bones. “Will, time to clean up. You know what to do.”
Will looked up and yelped. He shifted to his human form and began collecting the torn tents and the group’s supplies. 
Luca turned Alec away from the sight. “Let’s get you back home. This is too much of a shock for you right now. I understand.”
“I’m sorry, Luca. I wasn’t ready. I’ve never thought of myself this way.”
“None of us did. We’ve all come to accept ourselves and the needs of the gift. It comes with the territory. You’ll get used to it. I promise.”
“I’m not so sure.”
“I am. All of my boys were like you at one time and they came around. Now we’re one big, happy family.”
Marcus passed by them and winked at Alec before wiping blood from his mouth and wrapping his arms around Adam. 
Luca brought Alec back to the house and took him to bed. He kissed Alec passionately, working his way down his chest to his belly and went down on him. Alec moaned, running his fingers through Luca’s hair, pushing his head down the length of his cock again and again.
Alec pulled Luca’s face up and kissed him, slipping his tongue in and out of Luca’s mouth. He pinched Luca’s nipples hard and kissed his neck, running his tongue down his chest and to his belly button, tracing it with his lips. He took Luca’s hard dick into his mouth and savored it, enjoying the smell, the throbbing. Luca was on fire. 
Luca grabbed Alec, stopped his blowjob, and yanked him up forcefully. He kissed him once and pushed him down on his belly. Alec attempted to slink back up but Luca held him down. “I love to fuck after hunting,” Luca growled into his ear. 
###
Growling. Howling. Flesh ripping. Blood pouring. Alec was surrounded by death. People fell around him, claw marks on their faces, down their bodies. He tried to run, tried to get as far away as he could from it all--the horror, the darkness encroaching on him.
It was no use; the more he tried to run, the more his feet sank into the forest floor. He saw the pack killing dozens and dozens of people, laughing, mocking, celebrating with each other. Alec screamed but nothing would come out.
Luca appeared before him, holding a woman in his arms. He approached Alec slowly, deliberately. His eyes glared yellow, lusty, fiery. He presented the woman to Alec, who found the scent of her succulent, delicious. 
Alec sprouted teeth immediately, his hands gnarling into claws, his face shifting as a snout stretched and jaws filled with teeth. He howled, tore into the woman, and finally screamed…
The sun woke Alec as it splashed across his face. He found himself back in the room above the restaurant, in his own bed. He wasn’t sure how he’d gotten there. His muscles ached and all of his energy was drained. He rolled out of bed and checked the time. It was almost noon.
“Shit, Max is going to kill me.” He’d missed his run and it was moments before Nan’s was going to open. He could hear rustling downstairs.
Last night was a bit of blur, but he remembered all too well what the pack had done and what they expected him to do. Was Luca right? Would the thing inside of him simply make him kill others? Was he destined to live a life in hiding, in secret? Would he have to give up who he was? Everything he knew? He didn’t want to run from life; he didn’t want to live outside the human world, up high in the mountains with Luca and the others. He didn’t belong there.
Alec dragged himself to the shower and let the hot water wash over him, sooth him. He smelled Luca’s scent still on him, and for the first time he tried to rid himself of it. He sat there under the water, leaning his head against the tiled wall. The water beaded against his flesh and the walls around him. 
He heard Luca’s voice inside his head. Next time. You’ll get used to it. The first time is always difficult. 
“No!” Alec punched the wall and turned the water off. He wrapped a towel around himself and gazed out the window. He saw the mountain peaks rising in the mist, the sky a bright blue and the sun high in the sky. Two worlds. He was now torn between two worlds…
The door downstairs slammed and he knew Max was opening the place up. He dashed for his clothes and headed downstairs. He was deathly afraid Max and Philip would see him differently, as if they would know what he did last night, what he almost did. But he feared most how he would see himself, the monster he could so easily turn out to be.
Eleven
Alec tried his best to handle his job and the horrible memories of last night, but he was failing miserably. He went from table to table like a ghost, forgetting orders, stumbling over his own feet, stopping in a fog on his way to the kitchen. 
He set down three burgers and a small pizza on his current table and looked up. Across the restaurant he saw the twin brothers from last night sitting at a table, their faces torn to shreds, an eye missing from one of their sockets, bodies drenched in blood. They faced him, staring at him with what good eyes were still in their heads. 
His heart sank, and Alec began to panic. He pushed himself away from the table without saying a word and headed toward the bar. In the back of his mind he heard screaming. Alec leaned on the bar as Philip slid some beers over to him.
Philip edged closer to him. “Hey, man, don’t take this the wrong way but you look like hell. Are you feeling all right?”
“I didn’t sleep well last night and…I…I…overslept. I pretty much just rolled out of bed and ran down here.”
“Try to hang in there. I think table five is looking for you.”
“Yeah…okay…”Alec picked up the glasses of beer and turned around. He saw Luca standing in the center of the room naked, blood running down his body. His mouth full of razor-sharp teeth.
The room spun, darkness fell over the room, and Alec went down. He heard the sound of the glasses clattering together and smashing. Pain washed over his back and the next moment he was staring up at the ceiling.
“Alec! Alec!” He heard Max’s voice. Her hand slipped into his and another swiped across his forehead. “Are you all right? What happened?”
Alec shook his head. He heard a commotion fill the dining room. Philip appeared at his side, his face a mask of concern. “I don’t know. The room just started spinning.”
“He didn’t get any sleep last night,” Philip said to Max. “He’s overtired.”
“I’ll cover for him,” Max answered. “Get him up to his room and into bed.”
Philip hauled Alec up, slinging his arms around him and throwing Alec’s arm around his shoulders. Alec instantly felt a soothing feeling wash over him, joined by tingling all over his body. He looked at Philip and saw nothing but peace in the man’s eyes. Then he looked around the room for Luca. 
There was no sign of him. He had imagined it. Imagined everything. Dozens of strangers stared at him, eyes on him, judging, fearing, hating. Philip walked him out of the dining room, around the other side of the bar, and to the stairs. 
Philip managed to get Alec all the way to his room. Alec felt warm and comfortable in Philip’s strong arms; he had nearly forgotten what haunted him. All he felt now was comfort and euphoria, if only temporarily. 
He crashed onto his bed and clutched the sheets. Philip brushed his fingers through his hair. “You’re going to be okay,” he said. “Try to get some sleep.”
Philip walked over to the window and closed the shade, blocking the sun from the room. “There, let’s get this room nice and dark for you.”  
He strolled back to Alec’s bed and laid his hand on his face. The touch felt warm and healing. “Sleep well,” Philip said, exiting the room and shutting the door behind him. 
Alec felt himself dozing off, his eyes growing heavy, big yawns escaping him until moments later his mind filled with flashes of fangs and claws, matted fur and yellow eyes. He was in the darkened forest, shadows moving around him, hot breath on the back of his neck. Whispers called to him from the darkness. 
He couldn’t escape it. Couldn’t escape who he was, what he was. The hunger would take him. Luca was right. Eventually he would be exactly like him and the others. Alec tried to find his way out of the forest, tried to find his way back to the light, but the forest seemed endless, and the light eluded him. 
“Please, someone… help me.”
###
“Alec…” Rachelle pulled over and stopped the car. She felt him. She felt her brother reaching out for help. She knew something was wrong. She knew that not everything was as it seemed. 
She got out of the car and looked around. The air was heavy and warm, the sun at its highest point. She tried conjuring the image of he brother’s face in her mind but it was very difficult. It was as if he was obscured in shadow somehow. His voice rang in her head, far back on the edge of her consciousness. 
Mountains surrounded her on all sides. She stared up at the peaks. There was the hawk again, circling the peaks. It called to her and so did the mountains. Rachelle thought getting to higher ground would clear her head, help her think, maybe reinvigorate her. The search for Alec was wearing on her and seemed directionless. She had very little to go on but the mountains seemed a good idea. Some hiking and camping would do her a world of good, help her spirit and her heart. 
Rachelle got back in her car, took a drink out of her water bottle, and got back on the road. She turned the car onto the first road on her left and followed the signs to a state park. She planned to spend a few days camping and exploring the mountains, the valleys within, and maybe gain some clues that might point in Alec’s direction. 
She felt him, she knew she did. It was unmistakable. He had to be close. Her intuition was paying off and she was glad she listened to her gut. “I’m coming, Alec. Hold on.”
###
There was a soft knock on his door. Alec opened his eyes. The room was dark but Alec knew it was still daytime. “Yeah…”
“It’s me, Max.”
“You can come in.”
“How are you? Are you feeling better?”
Alec sat up, watching Max open the door with one hand and balance a tray with the other. “I’ll be okay. I just got dizzy.”
“Uh-huh.” He could tell she was not truly happy with his answer. “I brought you some soup from the restaurant. Chicken Tortilla. It’s really good, with a little spicy heart. My mom always said that spicy food is good at chasing away fevers and ills. Makes you sweat out the toxins.”
“You didn’t have to do that, really. I’m not hungry.”
“Boy, you are going to eat something. Probably the reason you were dead on your feet. When was the last time you ate something?”
The irony of her question hit him like a ton of bricks. He almost laughed out loud at it.
“Well, it couldn’t have been last night,” she said.
“What?”
“You and I worked all night. I know for a fact you never took a break to eat something. Not good. And here you are almost dinnertime and still no food. Now you eat some soup.”
“Yes, ma’am.” She put the tray across his bed and he picked up the spoon, sipping slowly on the hot soup. “Thank you.”
That brought a smile to Max’s face. She started back toward the door. “Good to see you feeling better. Get some more rest. Don’t worry about tonight. Philip and I’ve got it covered. You just relax.”
“You’re the best, Max.”
“Lord, don’t I know it.” She blew him a kiss and closed the door behind her.
He took another spoonful of soup. It really was delicious.
Days and nights passed. Alec stuck to the restaurant like it was a security blanket. He did his shifts and went right back to his room. He didn’t go on his runs, or hikes. He stayed out of the forests and the mountains. He did his best to bury that night in his memory. He wasn’t sure what he wanted, or what to do next.
He stayed away from Luca and his pack, something he had just become a part of, a place he thought he belonged. Alec wrestled with it in his head again and again. He longed to see Luca, to smell his scent, to feel his flesh against his, to let him inside him just once more, but he was afraid. 
One night the bite on his shoulder itched, then burned. He slid his hand up to it and something scratched at his window. Alec froze but the scratching continued, nagging at him. He moved across the apartment and pulled up the shade. 
Luca sat outside the window, on the ledge. He’d climbed the building. Luca smiled at him, innocent, sweet. His face was inviting. Alec opened the window and Luca leaned in, giving him a kiss.
“I know you’ve needed time to yourself,” he said. “I totally get it. But it’s time you came back out to play. You’re my pack mate. I need you.”
“I want to be with you…it’s just I…”
“I know. It was hard for me too, but you need to accept yourself. Everything will be okay, Alec. I promise. Come out with me tonight, run the mountainside with me, rule the forests.” He put his hand out to Alec. His nails were long, and light fur sprouted down his arm.
Alec remained speechless but he couldn’t help but be pulled in by Luca, his energy, his sensuality. He put his hand into Luca’s and climbed out the window.
Twelve

Alec followed Luca back to the house in the mountains. The rest of the boys were lounging with each other, holding each other as they slept, all except Marcus. He was not asleep; he watched Alec’s every move, eyes fixed on him. 
Luca brought Alec up to his bedroom and sat on the bed with him, running his fingers over Alec’s cheeks. He embraced Alec and whispered into his ear: “You have nothing to fear. You are with your pack. You are not judged here. You are not made to live in guilt or repression. You can be who you are.”
“I don’t know what I am.”
“Yes, you do. Deep down you know. Just as before.” Luca rubbed his back and held him tight. He truly was doing his best to make Alec feel better and whole again. “We’re going on another hunt. Just you and I. We will go together, and I will be there every step of the way.”
“I don’t know if I can.”
“I know you can. You are a part of me. A part of us. You can do this. You must do this. You need to feed the beast or it will grow hungrier and angrier. A blood rage will take you over and you’ll kill randomly. Now, wouldn’t you want to control it?”
Alec nodded. His pulse was already racing.
“Come,” Luca said. “Let’s go and find some prey. It will be the most freeing, amazing thing you’ll ever experience. I mean it.” He caressed Alec’s face.
Alec smiled. He was believing everything Luca said. What choice did he have? He was a wolf and it was time to feed it.
The two of them got up and headed back downstairs. Alec saw Will in one of the rooms in the hallway, he was scrubbing the floor of what looked like blood. Luca drew Alec away from the room and to the stairs.
Luca shifted in front of him and growled. The boys in the house sighed and some even whimpered, petting and pulling each other closer.  Luca’s ebony fur shimmered in the house’s light and his teeth flashed within his muzzle. He set his yellow eyes on Alec.
Alec shifted too, pain surging through him, claws forming, fur sprouting rapidly throughout his body. He snorted and growled and watched Luca dash outside. He followed him at full speed.
The two raced through the forest, thrashing limbs and brush, playing and chasing each other, working up to a frenzy of passion and hunger. 
Soon Alec picked up the scent of perfume, floral—honeysuckle with hints of vanilla, then, beyond that, the smell of meat, flesh. Luca led Alec into the deep dark, scattering birds and bats alike. Forest creatures ran for their lives.
A tent appeared in their path, a picnic table in front of it. Luca hit the table and launched off it, coming down hard on the tent. Alec watched him tear the tent like paper with his claws and collapse it.
Two girls screamed inside, their terror reaching heights of madness. Luca grabbed one by the hair and threw her into the air. He roared at Alec to catch her. Luca turned on the other and ripped into her chest, blood spattering his face and fur, her screams dying in a gurgle.
Alec caught the other girl in his claws. She thrashed and screamed, beating him with closed fists, smashing him in the snout. He slammed her down on the ground and she started to crawl away. He pushed his foot down on her back, stopping her escape. He stared at her squirming, screaming. The hunger inside of him exploded; the rage within spread like a virus. The more she fought, the more he wanted to rip her apart.
He pulled her up by her shoulders and roared. She screamed back at him, her mouth wide, tears streaming her cheeks. He watched her chest heave in and out, in and out. Alec leaned back and pounced, sinking his teeth into her arm, tearing the skin, warm blood rushing over his lips and tongue. and suddenly he stopped. He looked at her again, pain choking away her screams, her eyes glazed with shock. He let her drop to the ground and stepped back.
Luca finished off his prey and turned around, rushing toward Alec and the girl. The girl, stunned and surprised she was still alive, was making her escape into the forest.  Luca charged Alec and snapped at him with his teeth. He leapt into the air and caught the girl before she vanished. He wrapped his claws around her head and snapped her neck. 
Alec shifted back to his human form, blood running down his chin and chest. Tears welled in his eyes.  
Luca turned around and shifted too. “What the hell is wrong with you? You can’t let her get away from us. She’s turned. You bit her. She would become a wolf like us. Is that what you want?”
Alec shook his head. “I don’t want any of this.” He turned and ran through the forest.
“Alec!” Luca called after him. “Alec, wait! Wait!”
There was no listening, not now. Alec was freaked. He’d nearly killed a human being. He ran blindly, following the trails wherever they would lead him. Thunder rumbled. Behind him he heard pounding footsteps and the growl of Luca in his wolf form. 
I can’t…I can’t anymore! Got to get away from this! 
Ultimately, Alec found his way back to Luca’s house. He rushed inside, grabbing his clothes. A loud crash sounded through the room as Luca burst into the room and snatched Alec up in his jaws. He carried him to his bedroom and flung him onto the bed. 
Alec screamed, tears flowing. He scrambled across the bed. He saw Will watching at the doorway.
“Alec, calm down!” Luca yelled, shifting back to human form. He looked up at Will. “Get out. Go to the forest, the camping grounds, and get rid of everything. I left you and the boys a feast. Go!”
“I’m done!” Alec yelled, putting his clothes back on. “I never wanted this, never!”
“Alec, listen to me.” Luca put up his hands. “I know it frightens you. I understand what it’s like.”
“No, you don’t. I watched you. You love it, you love the kill.”
“It’s who we are!”
“It’s not who I am!”
“It is. You don’t understand. You can’t keep feeding on animals, Alec. You need to feed on our real prey…humans. You must feed on them or the beast will take you over and kill them anyway. You won’t be able to control it. They’re not our friends or our lovers. They’re our food.” Luca slowed his breathing. He approached the bed slowly.
“Why do you think you had all those dreams?” he continued. “You can only have wolf lovers. Our kind can’t have human lovers. We will kill and eat him eventually. That’s why I formed this pack and gave the boys this home. To keep it under control.  You belong with us.”
Alec shook his head. “No. no. I won’t.”
“You don’t have a choice. The beast needs to be fed.”
“I do have a choice.” Alec slipped off the bed and approached Luca’s window, stepping on the balcony. He looked down at the rocks and deadfalls below. “I’ll just end it. I won’t kill other people, so I guess I’ll kill myself.”
Luca shook his head. “Oh, Alec…you don’t know anything. It won’t let you.”
“We’ll see about that.” Alec stepped up on the ledge of the balcony, turned backward and let himself fall.  Seconds later he flipped back into the room in wolf form, crashing onto the floor.
Alec snarled and climbed onto his legs, claws wet with blood. He shifted back. “Goddammit!”
Luca stepped over to him, putting his hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay. Stay with me. I’ll take care of you.”
“No!” Alec smacked his hand away. “Get your hands off me!” He pushed Luca against the bedroom wall.
“For Christ’s sakes, Alec! I’ve been trying to help you.” He lunged for Alec and the two men crashed out of the bedroom and to the hallway. They rolled over each other and fell down the stairs. 
Alec stood up first and made a run for the door but Luca leapt through the air and blocked his path. 
“Alec, don’t do this.”
“Out of my way.” He grabbed hold of Luca and tried to move him, but Luca showed his fangs, and flung Alec to the floor again.
Alec winced, feeling dull pain wash through his back. He climbed back to his feet, but Luca was on him, wrapping his arm around his throat. “Alec, I love you,” Luca whispered into his ear. 
He was having none of it. Alec flipped Luca over and onto his back. “You love the kill, the blood,” Alec said, his voice cracking, his lips trembling. “You’re a murderer.”  
Luca charged him again but Alec was ready, leaping into the air and landing behind Luca. Alec grabbed him from behind and forced him into the wall. He then threw him to the floor. Luca howled, then snarled at Alec, who could tell Luca was resisting shifting.
Alec wanted to; the anger inside him was germinating. He wanted to slash and rip Luca, but he too resisted. 
Luca leapt into the air, hit the stairs and dove into the air. He collided with Alec, sending him into one of the windows, glass shattered all around him. Alec felt harsh scratches down his back and across his arms. Alec stumbled to his feet. Luca reached for him but Alec managed an uppercut with his fist. 
The blow stunned Alec with both surprise and pain; he fell backwards and Alec seized the opportunity to jump on top of him. He landed a few more blows to Luca, splitting his lip before pulling him and throwing him through the French doors, into the family room.
Luca smashed the wall and landed on the couch. He looked back at Alec, tasting his bleeding lip with his tongue and laughing. “C’mon, Alec, shift and attack me. I know you want to. I can feel the rage. You reek of it. You want to kill. The beast within you wants it bad. Do it! Do it!”
“No!” Alec backed away from the room, listened to Luca laugh and laugh. “Just stay away from me.”
Alec raced out of the house and back through the woods. “You’ll regret this, Alec!” He heard Luca calling after him. “I promise you!”
He didn’t look back; he continued on as the thunder crashed. The sky was enveloped by dark, fearsome clouds. The rage inside him multiplied. He fought against it, fought against the beast, but it was coming anyway. He could feel it.
The air grew cold and the wind blew. Alec crashed through trees and bushes, leaping over debris and rocks. His heart pounded, his pulse raced. He felt his blood boiling inside him. He smelled death all around him, the scent of meat, flesh, blood. His stomach ached for something. He needed to fill it. His head was pounding.
The rain fell and he threw himself onto the road, right across from Nan’s. Someone stepped into the streetlight. It was Philip, his backpack in his hands, heading for his jeep. He froze, discovering Alec.
“Oh, my God, Alec?”
Alec felt the fangs slide from beneath his lips, blood still running down his face. He felt his fingernails growing. “Philip, run!” he wailed, half human, half growl, his breath puffing into the air like steam. “I-I…D-on’t want to hurt you. Rrrrrruuuun!”
Philip’s eyes widened, his jaw dropped. He let his backpack fall into the street. The rain soaked them. He started toward Alec. “You’re a werewolf,” he half whispered.
“No! Rrrruuunnn! I’ll k-kill you.” The rain washed the blood away from Alec’s face.
“It’s okay.” Philip approached him slowly, rain rolling down his arms, soaking his head. “You won’t hurt me.” He reached Alec and laid his hand on his face. Something remarkable happened.
Alec felt himself calm down. Peace washed through him and the beast retreated. Claws disappeared. Teeth returned to normal. Alec’s heart slowed, and he relaxed. His skin tingled at Philip’s touch. It was soothing and loving. He looked into Philip’s eyes. “How?”
“C’mon,” Philip said. “You’re hurt. You can stay with me.” He put his arm around Alec and walked him to his Jeep. They climbed in, Alec shivering from the cold, and Philip drove them off.
###
Alec walked with Philip to his home, nestled at the end of a sloping cul-de-sac surrounded by trees. There was huge pinewood deck around the entire perimeter of the cape-style house, covered in shingles and clapboard instead of vinyl siding. 
As soon as they got inside, Philip grabbed them a towel. Philip walked him into the living room and patted his face with the towel.
“I’m sorry for…” Alec started but Philip cut him off.
“Sorry for what? There’s nothing to be sorry about. Let’s just get you fixed up. You have cuts on your arms… and…”
Alec stared at Philip’s handsome face, his auburn hair matted to his face. The rain had soaked through the black button-down he’d been wearing for work. “You’re soaked,” Alec said to him.
“So are you.” Philip took his own shirt off and the white tee underneath was equally soaked. Alec could see his chest through it. 
Alec took the towel and wiped it across Philip’s hair and face. He paused, letting his hands rest on Philip’s chest.
Philip looked back into his eyes. “Alec, I…”
Alec kissed him, slowly, gently. He ran his hands along Philip’s back and lifted his shirt, sliding it off. The towel fell to the floor and Philip lifted Alec’s shirt, kissing him back. They kissed, and kissed, deeply now, tongues exploring each other’s mouths.
Philip embraced Alec, holding him tight. Alec felt tingles up and down his entire body. Gooseflesh spread down his arms and across his shoulders. He felt so at peace, as if he were in a dream.
“You’re trembling,” Philip said.
“I know.” Alec nodded and kissed his neck, running his tongue to his chest, sucking on his nipples. He heard Philip sigh and it instantly made him hard. He guided Philip’s hands to his ass and let him play with it before unzipping and sliding his pants off. 
Philip undid his jeans and let them fall to the floor. They stood in their underwear, massaging one another’s crotches with their hands, kissing more, sucking on each other’s tongues. Alec eased Philip down on the couch beside them. He climbed gently onto him, kissing and nibbling his way down his chest, to his belly button and the tuft of red hair there.
Alec licked all the way to Philip’s underwear; he mouthed Philip’s hard dick through his underwear before slowly pulling them off and slipping his dick into his mouth. 
Philip moaned, titling his head back and closing his eyes. Alec sucked him, using his fingers to play with Philip’s nipples. The more Philip moaned the more turned on Alec got. He sucked the head of his cock, then licked his balls, playing with them, tickling them. He drew himself up to Philip again, kissing him and climbing onto his knees. Philip leaned in and pulled Alec’s underwear down to his thighs; he pushed his mouth on Alec’s dick and sucked it. Alec arched backward as his breathing grew heavy, almost panting. 
Alec pulled his dick out of Philip’s mouth and climbed back down between his legs. He lifted the man’s legs and rimmed him, massaging his asshole with his tongue, getting it wet and sliding his finger in and out of it. Philip groaned, bucked, his legs trembled. Fire kindled inside of Alec and he pushed his cock inside of Philip and fucked him slowly, gently, in and out, in and out.
Philip closed his eyes and Alec enjoyed watching him quiver with pleasure, jerking and moaning. He took hold of Philip’s cock with his right hand and jerked it. He rode Philip until he pulled out and climbed onto his belly. Philip glided on top of him, his warm body against Alec’s, his masculine strength and weight pressing on him, and entered Alec, fucking him with quick thrusts, hips banging.
Both men groaned and moaned but in a quiet, sensual way. Their hands glided over one another lovingly, their skin still a bit wet from the rain. Philip breathed into Alec’s ear, hot and erotic. The feel of it drove him wild.
In the end, they sat, curling around each other, and came together, kissing, licking each other’s lips and nearly yelling in their heights of ecstasy.  Alec searched out Philip’s eyes and got lost in them, kissing him one more time before falling asleep in his arms.
Thirteen

For the first time in a while, the sun was a welcomed intruder. It meant that Alec got to wake up in Philip’s arms.  He blinked, still not believing that what had transpired last night really had happened. 
He stared at the sleeping Philip and his rosy cheeks, his dark red hair and his perfect features. Alec felt the goodness in him, the courage and the honesty. Philip was all of these things. A heart unlike any he’d met so far, He felt it beating steadily against him.
Philip opened his eyes and Alec brushed the hair away from his lover’s forehead. “Good morning,” Philip whispered.
“I don’t think I’ve slept that good in months,” Alec said. He untangled himself from Philip and searched for his clothes.
“Me, too. Hey your cuts are gone.” He reached up and caressed Alec’s face.
“It’s part of being a werewolf. I heal really fast.” He reached for Philip’s fingers. “How did you do that last night? I mean….you stopped me from getting out of control. You don’t understand how close…”
“I know.” Philip got up off the couch and got dressed.
“Your touch, it did something. I don’t know what. I felt it before but I just thought it was static or something in the air.”
“I’m a sensitive.”
“A what?”
“Well, really, my touch is sensitive. When I touch people, sometimes, not always, it can amplify their feelings or their nature. Their true nature.”
“Really, that’s cool.”
“Not always. I don’t know how it will affect people. It works on who they really are. It can make things worse. Like my ex. My touch made him even more of a dick than he really was. Deep down he was an asshole, filled with anger and self-hatred. When I would make love to him, afterward he’d get angry, outraged. That’s what led to him hitting me. So, you see, it really was my fault.”
“Bullshit, it wasn’t your fault. People can still control their actions, no matter how angry they get. I did it. The wolf inside retreated.”
“That’s because you’re really a good guy. You’re not a killer. Your true self controlled the monster.”
“Only because of you, Philip. You soothed it. You made it docile again. You’re the only one who ever has.” Not even Luca could do that. He wanted me to kill. 
“Well, if you were truly an evil person, it wouldn’t have mattered. You would have killed me. But I knew you wouldn’t. I knew you couldn’t. That’s why you were afraid to be with me. You didn’t want to hurt me.”
“Yes.” Alec nodded.
“See, you are not a killer, Alec. Not like those others. You need to see yourself for who you are.”
“Others? You know about them? The other werewolves.”
“Everyone in Redfern does.”
“Are you kidding me?”
Philip shook his head. “We need to tell Max.”
“Why? That might not be a good idea. This is going to really be kind of shocking.”
“You’d be surprised. She can really help. Trust me.”
“Someone else once said that to me.”
“I really mean it. I know you can sense it.” 
Alec went over and put his arms around Philip, laying his head on his shoulder. Philip ran his hands up and down Alec’s back. The touch was electrifying but calming all at once. Relief filled Alec.
“I can sense it. It’s like I can see your true heart.” Alec kissed him. “Okay, let’s go find Max.”
###
“Boy, when are you gonna learn to trust me?” Max paced the floor of Alec’s room.
“Oh, sure, because it’s everyday you learn someone is a werewolf. Oh, not just a werewolf, but a gay werewolf. Even better.”
Philip chuckled from the corner of the room. 
“You don’t know the half of it,” replied Max.
“How would I know? I’m new here, remember?”
“Why do you think you were drawn here?”  Max said. “We know all about the werewolves in the mountains. Everyone does.”
“That’s why everyone stocks guns in their businesses, and that smell… it’s…”
“Wolfsbane,” Max finished. “It works. Plus, mom loves the stuff. That was all her idea.”
“So what do you guys do about this? They’re a bunch of murderers.”
“The mountains are their territory,” Philip said. “That’s their hunting ground. We stay out of them and they stay out of town.”
“Everyone in town just lets them be and goes on with life,” Max said.
“What about tourists? Vacationers? Hikers? They don’t know.” Alec grew agitated. “You just let them go to their deaths? Innocent people are getting killed up there.”
“What do you want us to do?” Max asked.  “It’s us or them. We don’t have a choice. As long as we don’t interfere.”
“It’s not like anyone is going to believe us,” Philip said. “Oh, hi, by the way, don’t go into the mountains. They’re crawling with werewolves.”
“Look at us, we’re all talking about it. You’re talking to a werewolf right now. I could make them believe. I could show them. Flash some teeth, some yellow eyes and …”
“Alec, this is the way it is,” Max said. “We can’t risk them coming in to town. Not again.”
“Well, that might be a problem,” Philip said.
 Max turned to Philip, her face draining of color. “What? What’s going on?”
“Alec spurned Luca. Had a drag out fight them him and everything.”
“Yeah,” Alec added. “It got a little ugly. Luca chose me as his pack mate. I ran from them. I couldn’t kill anyone, not like them.”
“Of course you couldn’t,” Max said to him, putting her arms around him. “Because you’re a good soul. Just like I’ve been saying. I know people. And I know Luca. He’s not going to take this lightly. He’s gonna come down looking for you. This is bad.”
“Wait, you guys know Luca?”
“Yes, unfortunately,” Max said. “He used to come down to town a lot. He would mess with the locals, kill their dogs, chase people. He even zoned in on Philip at one time. Wanted to mount him in one of the alleys. But he’d have none of that.”
Alec looked over at Philip, who was grinning from here to ear. “Yeah, he wanted me at one time, used to stalk me until I got some wolfsbane and a gun. Then he left me alone. That was years ago. Once he got a pack to follow him, he stopped coming here.”
“He must have grown up a bit,” Max said. “But when he was hungry, it was a bloodbath. Old ladies, kids, he didn’t care who it was. People started taking precautions, then he just stopped. If he comes back, especially in this frame of mind, I’m afraid what he might to. He was young, then, he’s stronger now. Much stronger.”
“I can handle him,” Alec said.
“Yeah, right,” Max said. “You haven’t seen what he’s really capable of. He’s downright freaking scary. We gotta take some precautions. We gotta warn people. I may have to shut Nan’s down for a while.”
“God, that bad?” Alec was a bit worried now, unsure what might happen and what Luca might do.
“Did you think he was going to just let you go?” Philip said. “He marked you. I saw the bite on your shoulder.”
“Did you now,” Max said loudly, smiling.
“Shut it, Max. This is serious.”
“God, you’re right. He’s insane about this stuff, the loyalty of the pack, the brotherhood. It was so important to him to have me by his side.”
“There’s more. Tell him Max.”
Alec’s curiosity grew. “Tell me what?”
“My mom…she, ah…had a romantic thing with Luca’s great grandfather. He was a werewolf, too. They live hundreds of years ago.”
“Yeah, I know, but what does that…”
“She killed him. She killed Luca’s great grandfather. When she found out he was a wolf, she vowed to end it. This was after my father was gone, after the accident. He went crazy, was going to kill everyone we know, but she stopped him. She had to. A knife poisoned with wolfsbane.”
“Good God,” Alec muttered.
“Luca doesn’t know,” she said. “He doesn’t know it was her and we can’t let him find out. He would bring down the town if he knew it was someone here. He thought it was a rival pack.”
“That rival pack is all dead now,” Philip added.
“This just gets better and better,” Alec said. “Now I get all the wolfsbane in your house.”
“Yeah, well. That’s mom for ya. A little overprotective. Guys, we need some sort of plan, if Luca and his pack want to start trouble.”
“Yeah, we need to be ready,” Philip said.  
“Guys, I’m so sorry. This is all my fault.”
“It isn’t your fault.” Philip went to Alec, giving him a kiss on the cheek and putting his arm around him. “We’ll deal with this, together.”
“And no more secrets,” Max said. “We’re your friends, we got your back.”
“How did I get so lucky? You guys are the best.”
“That’s right, we are.” Max laughed and put her arms around both of them.  
Alec gave Philip a kiss and basked in his healing touch.
###
Across the street, Luca stood with Marcus, Jake and Adam. He scanned the restaurant and the room above it. He heard three heartbeats and smelled Alec’s new male love interest. 
He turned to Marcus, running his fingers softly across his face. “Tonight,” he said. “Make them hurt like I hurt. Don’t kill Alec. I want him for myself.”
“It will be my pleasure.” Marcus turned back to his brothers and smiled, shifting into his wolf form and running back into the forest.
Jake and Adam did the same, following Marcus as they nipped at one another, yelping and huffing before vanishing from sight.
Luca continued to watch the window, a tear rolling down his cheek. “I told you that you would regret this, Alec. I am sorry, but you brought this on yourself. I need to save face now. See you soon, my love.”
He transformed into his werewolf form, a slow transformation filled with anguish and pain, muscles ripping, skin tearing, blood burning. He urinated on the side of the road, then leapt from the area, thrashing through forest, rage slithering through him, hurt fueling him.
Luca would not rest until he made Alec pay for his crimes, a crime of love, a crime of passion. In the midst of the mountains and their trails, Luca took his rage out on a group of hikers scaling the mountain. None survived. Will cleaned up the mess.
Fourteen

“I can’t have my apartment filled with wolfsbane,” Alec said. “You’ll choke the life out of me.”
“Silly, you’re not staying here anymore,” Max replied. “You’re moving to Philip’s. This is the first place they’re going to hit. Except you won’t be here. Anyone who busts in here is in for a nasty surprise.” 
“You don’t mess around,” Alec quipped.
“I get it from my momma. Now off you go, both of you. Get out of here.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Philip led Alec downstairs to his Jeep and they drove off. Dusk rippled its carpet of purple and starry glitter across the horizon. Alec took Philip’s hand and smiled. He wasn’t quite sure but it seemed as if happiness seeping into him bit by bit. He knew the moment he set eyes on Philip that there was something there; he just didn’t know it was this big, had no idea that Philip would be the answer to the nightmare he’d been living. The one person in his world that could calm the beast, the one person he might have a shot at loving for good this time.
He’d thought Luca was that person, but Luca did not calm what was inside; he used it, manipulated it. He exposed it. Luca wanted a companion to kill with, to hunt with. Why did it have to be him? Why wouldn’t any of the others have been just as good? Jake, Adam, Michael? Especially Marcus. He wanted it most. 
Alec didn’t have anymore answers and he wanted to stop asking questions. He just wanted it all to be over. He wanted him and Philip to grow closer and begin a new life together. There was just one thing standing in the way.
###
The campfire was doused and Rachelle climbed into her tent and unzipped her sleeping bag. She paused and looked up, cocking her head. Something outside caught her attention. A snapping twig, a rustle of brush, a footfall. She wasn’t quite sure, but she knew she heard it.
Rachelle turned on her camping lamp and listened again. A host of wings fluttered suddenly by her tent. “God, get a grip, bitch,” Rachelle laughed, shaking her head. “Just a bunch of night birds.”
She returned to her sleeping bag. Wait. What frightened them?
Claws ripped through her tent and Rachelle screamed. Something huge and covered in fur barreled into her tent. It struck her in the chest and sent her across the ground.
Howls and roars filled the forest. Rachelle jumped, the camping lantern in her hands. The beast lunged at her and she smashed it across its face. Glass shattered and the creature yelped.
Rachelle bolted for the trees but another creature jumped from the darkness. It picked her up and hurled her. She collided with a tree and slammed onto the ground. Pain wracked her back, blood streamed her arms. Her head felt as if it had split in two.
She climbed to her feet, the world spinning, legs wobbly. Three giant wolves walking on two legs appeared before her. Their jaws snapped at her with sharp, vicious teeth, drool pooling to the ground. Their massive claws clicked at her; angry yellow eyes glared at her.  They pounced.
“Wait!” Luca called from the shadows. “Don’t touch her.” He walked into the midst of the wolves in human form, and waved them off. He walked up to Rachelle. “I recognize your smell.” He grabbed her by the throat and ran his nose up and down her face. “You smell just like him. You’re his sister, aren’t you?”
“Who—what—the hell are you?” Rachelle screamed.
“I’d tell you, but then I’d have to kill you.” Luca laughed aloud.
Rachelle fought to escape Luca’s grip, smashing him in the face, punching his chest. “Get the hell off me! What the Christ…?”
“You’re as feisty as your brother.”
She stopped fighting. “Brother? What have you done to Alec? You son of a bitch, where is he….where?”
“Oh, you’ll find out soon enough. You were our snack before we went down to town. Now the boys will have to find someone else.” Luca, maintaining his grip on Rachelle, changed before her, snout, teeth, claws. He reared back and bit into her shoulder, blood gushing. 
Rachelle wailed in pain and Luca threw her through the air. She struck the edge of a ravine and rolled down into some water. She fought to get up, the pain burning through her, spreading through every fiber. She managed to get to her feet and push her way through the forest.
Crying, she walked for what seemed like hours until she finally hit the road. Rachelle dragged her way across it. Headlights bore down on her and Rachelle waved her arms.
The car narrowly missed her but came to a stop. “Jesus,” the middle-aged woman cried. “I almost hit you. Oh, my God, what happened?”
“Help me!” Rachelle screamed. “I was attacked.” 
The woman ran over to her side and Rachelle collapsed again. She could still hear the woman’s voice. 
“Jesus, honey, hold on, hold on. I’m calling 911 right now.”
Rachelle listened to the woman dial her phone and talk frantically, but all she could really hear was her bother’s name over and over, in Luca’s voice. Where was he? Where was Alec? She knew she was close, she just knew it. She could almost feel her brother, standing with her, watching over her.
Yellow eyes. Rachelle saw the eyes around her but her vision faded as the sirens called in the background, growing louder and louder. “Alec, Alec!” she kept calling as the EMTs loaded her into the ambulance.
###
Max waited. The night grew darker. The restaurant was terrifyingly quiet. She watched the door to Alec’s room. She stepped into the kitchen and switched the fryer on high, the oil starting to sizzle. 
A thud caught her attention upstairs. She filled a pot with hot oil and started upstairs. A creak slithered across the ceiling. Max reached Alec’s door and eased it open, slowly.
The wolfsbane was set all over the room, its aroma filling the air. She looked around but didn’t see anything. Creaking sounded again. Max followed it across the ceiling. Something was on the roof.
The window shattered, the frame practically tore from its hinges as a huge black wolf burst into the apartment on all fours. Max held back a scream. The wolf rose slowly on two feet and roared. It clawed at its throat and wailed in pain. Swinging its head back and forth and flapping its ears, it fell onto its knees.
Gargling rose from the creature’s chest and it wriggled across the floor. The wolf shifted, fur receding, claws retracting. The muscles melted away as Adam returned to his natural form. He flailed like mad, knocking vases of wolfsbane onto the floor where they smashed.
Adam choked and coughed. His eyes watered as the room nearly overwhelmed him. Max’s heart nearly stopped when he finally saw her in the room’s threshold.
“You bitch!” Adam screamed. He bolted straight for her.
Max flung the oil at him, splashing it across his face. Adam fell backwards in a torrent of pain and fury. The flesh on his face smoldered, the oil scorching him. His screams hit Max like a wild beast in the throes of death. She winced and dropped the pot at her feet. Adam crawled toward her, cursing, yelling, smoke rising off his naked body. Max turned and ran.
She raced down the stairs and heard a thud behind her. Adam hurled himself into the stairway and fell down the steps, rolling after Max as she reached the dining room, where she remembered the kitchen and the rest of the oil. 
The oil was still bubbling away and she reached for another put when a fist connected with the side of her face. Max went down, stunned, burning pain searing her cheek and chin.  She looked up to see a blond man grinning down at her.
Jake pulled her up by the hair and hurled her over the kitchen counters, slamming pots and pans, knives and spatulas clattering to the floor. 
“Locks don’t keep everyone out, little girl,” Jake mocked her and started around the counters toward her.
Max backed away from him, managing to find a knife and pointing it at him.
Jake laughed aloud. “You think that’s gonna stop me?”
She grabbed a cast iron skillet with her other hand. “Try me now, mutt.”
He let out a howl as fur spread over his body. His pants tore as the muscles in his legs expanded. Jake’s hands became claws and his face stretched into a snout. He lunged for her, growling with rage.
Max slashed with her knife but he caught her wrist and bent it backwards, shaking the knife out of her grip. She swung her other arm hard, bashing his head with the skillet. Jake went down hard, taking a rack of canned goods with him. Max made a run for it, but he recovered quickly. She screamed as he reached for her again, pelting him with canned food.
Jake tackled her into the dining room and the two crashed into one of the tables. There Adam wailed in his agony, catching Jake’s attention. Jake shifted back to human and ran for Adam. 
“What did she do to you?” He cradled Adam in his arms, kissing him on the lips.
Max’s head throbbed, her vision blurred. She was still dazed from the fall, pain surging through her every limb. She pulled herself up, stumbling. She watched the two men fawning over each other and tried to slip away.
“I am going to rip you apart,” Jake snarled, standing up and turned to her, his eyes enflamed with yellow, his fangs growing slowly. “I’m going to do it slowly and feed you piece by piece to Adam.”
Max rushed across the dining room to the hallway just as Jake leapt into the air.
###
Philip drove them across town at breakneck speed. He revved the Jeep and turned narrow curves and ascended rocky roads. The night had grown thick and full of shadows. Every tree that swayed was Luca. Every cat that crossed the street was something much fiercer. That is, until the huge, hulking wolf came barreling into the corner of Alec’s eye.
“Philip!” Alec yelled but it was too late. The massive werewolf smashed into the Jeep, hitting the driver’s side and flipping it over. The Jeep overturned once and landed on its roof.
Alec felt warm blood run down his head and wet his cheek. Pain lanced through his and his breathing was suddenly labored. He pulled himself from the Jeep and go to his feet. Philip lay on the road. Alec could sense his heartbeat and hear his breathing.
“Philip!” Thank God he’s still alive. It was all that Alec could think of. He started toward him when someone stepped from the shadows. Alec looked up. “Marcus.”
“I’ve been looking forward to this, Mister Special.” Marcus was in his human guise. 
“Marcus, I don’t want to fight you or anyone. I just want to be left alone.”
“You’re not gonna fight me. You won’t have a chance. You’ll never see me coming.” He curled his hands, then uncurled as his nails stretched.
Marcus bolted toward Alec, running as fast as he could, muscles tensed, eyes enflamed. He hit Philip’s Jeep and launched himself into the air. He transformed in mid leap, hurling down toward Alec with teeth and claws ready to rip.
Alec hit the ground and rolled across the street, Marcus narrowly missing him, crashing to the ground and eating nothing but dirt. Alec’s body was on fire. He felt every bit of pain, every ounce of rage, every emotion channeling into his core until it felt as if it would explode. He shifted, clothes tearing from his body, turning suddenly to face the oncoming Marcus. 
The two werewolves clashed, Marcus snapping at Alec’s throat with powerful jaws. Alec pushed him back, spinning him around and attempting to force the beast down, but Marcus was too strong. 
Marcus reversed Alec’s grip and hurled him into the air. Alec flailed helplessly, soaring into the forest, bashing through tree limbs and crumpling to the ground. He writhed on the ground momentarily, coughing up dirt, scraping his claws through the earth. He heard galloping steps growing louder. Marcus was coming at him again.
Alec jumped up and caught Marcus, throwing him into the nearest tree, ripping some of Marcus’s fur with his claws. He slashed at his foe again, but Marcus dodged the attack and bashed Alec in the head with his own. He stumbled back and Marcus slashed his claws across his chest. 
Blood sprayed as Alec yelped and Marcus tackled him again, sending him to the ground. They rolled out into the street again, Marcus grabbing hold of Alec’s muzzle and bashing his head against the road again and again. Alec managed to rake his claws down Marcus’s back and the wolf wailed in pain and anger.
Marcus yanked Alec up and threw him again, across the street. Alec gasped for air as the wind was knocked out of him. He struggled to get up, gagging, pain wracking his limbs. Then he heard something even more frightening…
Philip moaned, drawing Marcus’s attention.  Marcus turned to look at the prone Philip, a raspy cackle escaping the beast as he started toward him.
No! Don’t you touch him! Alec’s rage was kindled. It fueled him. He jumped up and leapt into the air. He soared right over the fallen Jeep and crashed down on Marcus. He bit into Marcus’s shoulder. Marcus yelped and struggled violently. He picked him up and hurled him into the side of the Jeep.  Alec was on him again, grabbing the wolf by the ears and driving his face into the Jeep, once, twice, for good measure. Blood smeared the vehicle and Alec roared in Marcus’s face.
Marcus roared back, jerking his foot and kicking Alec in the gut. Alec went down again but recovered quickly. He prepared for another attack when he saw Michael stroll lazily out of the forest. The young man shook his head and shifted into his wolf form. He eyed Alec and Philip. Marcus climbed to his feet and snarled, his snout wet with spittle and blood. He stared Alec down.
Alec glanced at the two werewolves, then eyed Philip. Fear squirmed through him. His heart pounded against his chest. He raced to Philip and used his teeth to yank him up by his shirt. He slung him over his shoulder and leapt into the forest.
He heard Marcus and Michael howling behind him. Alec launched into high gear, carrying Philip through the forest. He scaled tree after tree, jumped up rocky faces and pushed through thick overgrowth and dark patches.
Alec crossed a rushing river, trying to lose his scent and throw Marcus and Michael off his trail. He bit through a thorny patch of bushes and climbed another steep embankment. His feet ached, his arms grew tired; Philip’s burden was taking its toll.
Finally, Alec climbed high enough he couldn’t hear the others chasing him. He settled on a ledge overlooking a river below. He panted and heaved, slowly lowered Philip onto the ground.  He shifted back to human and checked Philip’s face and head. There were some slashes on his forehead and cuts on his cheeks.
Philip’s eyes fluttered and he opened them. He stared at Alec for a long moment. “You’re naked.”
“Yep. And thank you for noticing.”
“What happened? I feel like I was hit by a train.”
“Close. We were attacked. Luca’s second-in-command, Marcus, totaled your Jeep.”
“Well, shit. I loved that Jeep.”
“Not really the issue here. We can’t go back to your home. We need to get out of Redfern. There’s nowhere safe here and I’m putting innocent people in danger. We need to get back to Nan’s, get Max and my truck and get out of here.”
“Okay, sounds like a plan.”
“We gotta move fast. Marcus and Michael were right on my tail. Can you get up and move?”
“I think so.” Philip leaned on Alec and pulled himself up with little effort. 
“Good, you’re bleeding, though.”
Philip wiped his hand across his head, feeling the blood. 
“I think I can stop it, but you have to trust me.”
“Of course I do.”
“You’re the only one that calms me and the only human I probably won’t go all raging on, and, you know, eat alive.”
“Uh-huh.” Philip nodded.
“I heal very fast, and one way wolves or dogs heal is by cleaning wounds with their saliva. I think if I turn, just for a moment, and lick your wounds…”
“Sound a bit kinky, not sure I’m ready for that kind of…”
“Philip.”
“Okay, okay, I’m ready.”
Alec pulled his energy into his core and shifted, looming over Philip. He leaned in and licked Philip’s head and face, tasting his blood. Hunger surged through Alec. He liked the taste, wanted more. His pulse sped up, burning filled the pit of his stomach. His claws wriggled. 
“It’s okay,” Philip said softly. He laid his hands on Alec and Alec relaxed. The hunger subsided and he shifted back to human.
“There, it worked. The bleeding stopped.”
“That was awesome.”
“Yeah, yeah, let’s get out of here.”  Alec led Philip down the ledge and along the edge of the river. 
Fifteen

Alec moved quicker than Philip and had to stop for him many times. He’d forgotten how his wolf side had heightened his natural abilities. His keen hearing picked up howling in the distance. His sense of smell detected the hint of death all around them. He guided Philip up and down the mountainside and the forest. Ultimately, he led him upward, ascending one of the mountain trails near Luca’s home.
“We have to be extremely quiet,” Alec whispered to Philip.
“These are their hunting grounds, aren’t they?” asked Philip.
Alec nodded.
“Have you lost your mind? Won’t they be crawling all over this area?”
“No, no, they’re all looking for us down below. Luca’s probably in town.”
“Tearing it apart. What about Max? Alec, we have to do something.”
“We will, Philip, trust me…but not yet. We’re vulnerable. She’s our distraction, remember? She’s giving us the time we need.”
“To do what? The plan fell apart, man. Didn’t you see us land on our backs?”
“Boy, you only have a one track mind.”
“Alec…you know what I mean. She won’t be able to stop Luca. No way. You know that.”
“She won’t have to. Now shut up and keep moving or we won’t be able to help anyone.”
Alec could tell Philip was biting his tongue. He took his hand. “It’s going to be all right.” Alec kissed him and put his arm around him.
“We gotta get you some clothes,” Philip said. 
Alec smiled and they ran off. They stepped off the trail and into a sea of trees. He used his new strength to break limbs out of their way and clear a path for Philip.  He sensed the sex and heat of Luca’s lair not far away. He knew if Luca or any of the others were in the house they’d already be on them. 
Someone was on them, however. Trees cracked in front of them. Alec halted and listened, Philip cringing behind him. The ground vibrated beneath them and sound of feet pattering filled the air.
Crunch. Snap. Alec smelled the beast approaching. He prepared for a fight. His muscles tensed, his hands curling into fists. He sucked in air and pulled his energy into his core. 
The wolf launched into a full fledge run, breathing fast and furious, busting through branches and saplings until—
“Will?” Alec said with surprise. “What are you doing?”
Will stepped into Alec’s path in his human form. “You were so kind to me,” he said, almost hesitantly. “I-I…want to give something in return. When he sees you’re nowhere to be found below, Luca’s gonna come back here with a vengeance.”
“What do we do?” Alec asked.
“Follow me. I know a shortcut back down to one of the main roads. You can backtrack and avoid him and the pack.”
“Thank you, Will.”
“No, thank you. I’m not going to be their dog anymore.”
“You go, man.” Alec patted him on the shoulder and turned back to Philip. “It’s okay.” He saw the concern in Philip’s eyes. “He’s a friend.” Philip nodded and joined Alec’s side. 
“Let’s go,” Will said, dashing back through the trees and cutting across to the south.  Alec and Philip followed him, running as fast they could, traversing briar patches and rocky terrain. They descended some narrow ledges and dangerous cliff faces before dropping below the mountain ranges again to the darker forest and the thick walls of green. 
They reached an embankment and a line of dead trees. Right on the other side of them the road waited, lit up by streetlamps with amber halos. 
“Will, come with us,” Alec said. “You don’t need these guys. You’re better than them. You don’t need be a killer to be accepted.”
“I know. I never wanted to be a killer. I just wanted to be with my kind. It’s been so lonely.”
Alec put a friendly hand on his shoulder. “I know the feeling. I was just like you. Look at me now.”
Will chuckled. “I’ll never be you, Alec. But I don’t need to be. I just need to be me.”
“You bet, Will. Now let’s go.”
Will shook his head. “I can’t. I can do much more up in the mountains. I can keep them off your trail.”
“You rock, Will.” Alec gave Will a hug. “Be careful.”  He watched Will turn away and shift into a wolf and skitter back into the forest. 
Philip put his arms around Alec and kissed his cheek. Alec felt tingling down his back  to the tips of his fingers. 
“You see,” Philip said. “You have a good soul.”
Alec held him tightly. “We should go. Get ourselves back on track.”
Two men, one naked, ran down the street, sweat glistening in the streetlights, trees swaying along the sides of the road. They headed around the bend and past the only gas station for miles until they reached the center of town. Luckily, the station was closed, so no one there to witness the strange couple racing by.
###
Max threw herself into the restaurant’s office, slamming the door behind her and pushing a set of file cabinets in front of it. Something crashed against the other side of the door, the file cabinets buckling. A roar sounded in the hall.  
She scanned the room, big desk, potted plants, stacks of unpaid bills, mail, and food order forms. 
Another bash hit the door, the wood cracking. One of the file cabinets toppled over. Max looked at the window. It was higher than she could reach. She could just open it by the crank level on its frame. “Damn it. I’m about to become steak tar tar.” 
She looked back at the desk and got behind it, pushing it under the window. Max climbed on top of it as the door broke apart and the remaining file cabinet folded like paper. Jake’s massive wolf head burst through the door.
Max forced herself through the narrow window, squeezing her body, holding her breath.  Shit, what a tight fit. She leaned down, staring at the ground below.  Behind her she heard Jake finally break into room. He roared at her, crushing the file cabinets under his weight. Max caught a flash from the corner of her eye. Jake was airborne.
She let out a scream, feeling sharp pain against her ribs suddenly as she thrust herself as hard as she could across the window frame, kicking her feet, and, suddenly, like a wine cork, popping out of the building.
Max toppled to the ground, almost landing on her head, but she managed to tuck and roll at the last minute. She looked up to see Jake crash against the window, glass shattering, his massive frame unable to fit through the window. Max dusted herself off and stood up.
“No dark meat for you tonight, asshole!” She ran off into the dark.

Inside, Jake shifted back to human and went back to Adam’s side. “Can you walk?”
“Yes…but… my eyes. I can’t see. She blinded me.”
Jake helped Adam to his feet, slinging Adam’s arms around his shoulders. He walked him toward the kitchen. “Just stay with me. We’re going to make this bitch remember us.”
###
Under the cover of shadows and trash bins at the side of the building, Alec and Philip slipped into Alec’s pick-up truck. Alec reached under the truck and pulled out a small magnetized box. Inside he grabbed his spare key and unlocked his truck. 
Alec reached for the gym bag on the passenger seat, unzipped it, and unfolded an extra set of clothes. He stretched a tee shirt over his chest.
“You think of everything,” Philip quipped.
“Since all of this started I’ve had to be a lot more prepared for the unexpected, you know what I mean?”
“I get it. Must suck ruining all those clothes. As a gay man, I weep for you.”
“You always crack jokes in the face of danger?”
“Just my way of coping.” 
“Some people scream and cry, you know, like normal people.”
“I wouldn’t talk about normal people there, Alec.”
Alec grabbed him and hugged him. “We should see if Max is still here. It’s too quiet. The very least there should be screaming.”
The two of them started across the parking lot when the building exploded. The force threw both of them backwards as glasses shattered and intense heat washed over them. Pieces of metal and wood showered them. 
Flames consumed Nan’s Grill and it crumbled before Alec and Philip’s eyes. The roof collapsed, the walls fell into piles of black rubble. Dark smoke billowed into the air.
Alec smelled charred food on the blistering winds. Philip groaned beside him and he instantly jumped up and raced to his side.
“Philip!” Alec slid his hands behind Philip’s head. His face was laced with cuts and dusted with soot. “Are you okay? Stay with me now, Philip. Philip!”
Philip bolted up, his eyes widening with shock. “Max!” 
Alec grabbed hold of him as he fought to get to his feet. “You can’t go in there.”
Philip cried violently, tears soaking his face. “Max! Oh, my God! Alec…she was in there, Alec! Let me go, let go!”
“It’s gone.” Alec put his arms around him, holding him down. “”It’s gone.”
“No!” Philip wept, burying his head into Alec’s chest. He beat his fist against Alec until he could no longer hold them up.
Alec let himpour all of his rage and sorrow into him, held him as he lost himself to anguish. For a long moment they sat in the lot, Alec listening to the fire burn, the beat of Philip’s heart, the whistle in the wind. An owl called in the distance.
“We need to get them for this,” Philip mumbled.
“We will, baby,” Alec soothed. “We will. They won’t get away with this. I promise. But we have to move. We have to get ourselves to a safe place. We’re outnumbered.” 
“I don’t care how many of them there are, we need to kill every one of them.”
“Ever last one, Philip. Let’s go.”  Alec helped Philip to his feet and walked him over to his truck. The truck rumbled to a start and Alec swerved around the glowing cinders and barreled into the road. 
He pushed hard on the gas pedal and screamed down the road, heading away from town.
“Where are you going?” Philip asked.
“We have to get out of Redfern. It isn’t safe and they’re tear everything own looking for us.”
“No, we have to tell Max’s mother. We can’t just up and leave and not tell her.”
“Philip, we don’t have time for this. We can go to her when we’re safe.”
“When are we gonna be safe, Alec? When? They’ll never stop looking for you. You royally pissed Luca off. He’s never going to stop.”
“Stop, just let me think. We need to do something.”
Alec looked away from Philip and back on the road. The truck’s headlights picked up Luca standing in the middle of the road.
“Shit!” Alec screamed, swerving the truck. The vehicle screeched off the side of the road.
“What the hell!” Philip yelled. “What are you doing!”
“It’s Luca, he’s found us!” 
“Alec, there’s no one there.” 
Alec slammed on the brakes and the truck skidded to a stop in the dirt. Alec turned around. The road was empty.  He rubbed his eyes, then his entire face. He exhaled. “I’m losing it. I’m seeing him behind every tree.”
“It’s okay.” Philip put his arm around him. “We’ll get through this.”
“Yeah, will we? Won’t he just keep hunting us? Won’t he always keep haunting me?”
“No Alec, he won’t.  Take me to my house, we’re getting some weapons.”
Without saying a word, Alec put the truck back in gear and started down the road.
Sixteen

Marcus and Michael stepped into a clearing in the forest. They kissed, caressing each other’s necks, sliding hands up and down their naked bodies. Marcus stuck his tongue in Michael’s ear and the young man trembled all over.
A tree branch snapping, a footfall echoing, caught their attention, and they stopped. They watched Jake helping Adam into the clearing. 
“What the hell happened to him?” Marcus barked.
“The bitch threw hot oil into his face,” Jake said.
“So you couldn’t even kill her?” Marcus said, shaking his head. “Luca is going to be pissed. You two need to step it up. We all need to get back out there and find them.”
“I don’t see Alec’s new man here. Weren’t you supposed to kill him and get him out of the way for Luca, Marcus?”
 Marcus bolted over to Jake in a flash, getting in his face. “Don’t you question me.  I’m Luca’s second now. Now get back out there,” he snarled at Jake.
Jake snarled back but said nothing. He put his arm around Adam and walked off into the forest.
“Come, Michael.” Marcus wove his fingers at him. “Let’s keep looking for Alec and his boy.”
Michael and Marcus vanished from the clearing. A few moments later, Will entered the clearing. He sniffed around the area before heading back out, leaving his scent everywhere he went, mixing it with all of the other smells in the forest in hopes of hiding Alec’s scent and his return to the town below. 
###
Alec drove to Philip’s home and parked his truck in front of the house. He exited the truck, keeping his eyes on Philip, hoping he could stay focused. 
Philip searched for his house keys but they were on the key ring still in the Jeep. “We’re going to have to bust our way in.” 
“Not a problem.” Alec went up to the front door, made a fist, and slammed it against the edge. The door lock popped from its frame and the door swung open. 
Philip led Alec inside, into the kitchen, and went for his lights. Nothing happened. Philip cocked his head and looked around. “Power out?”
 Alec felt a change in the air, sensed movement in the room. His eyes adjusted to the dark, his night vision kicking in. Then the all too familiar scent tickled his nostrils. He looked over at Philip and reached for him in the dark…
Luca jumped on top of the kitchen island and bent at the knees. He looked ready to pounce. He was stalking both of them.
“This is what you threw everything away for?” Luca gestured to Philip. “This is what you threw me over for?  Didn’t I teach you anything?” A low growl rose in Luca’s chest.
“Philip….run.” Alec stepped in front of his lover, his body tensing, growling back at Luca.
“Yes, Philip,” Luca mocked. “Run!” He leapt from the island top as Philip turned to run back out the door. Luca dashed past Alec and blocked Philip’s escape, seizing him by the throat.
Alec growled, hurling himself across the room. “Luca!” He tackled Luca against the wall, crushing it, pictures clattering to the floor. Philip was thrown away from the action, crashing over his dining table and to the floor.
Luca laughed and flung Alec off him and to the floor. “Pathetic.” He dusted himself off and delivered a kick to Alec’s ribs, sending him down again. “I loved you!” Luca yelled. “I gave you everything and you threw it away for a filthy human.”
“What did you give me, Luca? The urge to kill, a taste for blood? You tried to make me a killer.”
“You are a killer.”
“See, you don’t know anything about love. You only did those things because it benefited you.”
“My God, are you blind. Do you think you’re different than the rest of us? You think you’re immune from being a killer? We were your family. We would have given you everything. You can’t love them, Alec. How many times do I need to tell you that? You belong with us.”
“We are them, Luca! They are us. I don’t need to kill…I don’t… Philip showed me. He’s different. He gave me something you never would. My humanity.”
“Humanity?” Luca laughed again. “You really are a fool. They are nothing like us. They are weak. They are afraid, like children wandering the dark. They are prey. Look at him.” Luca looked over at the unconscious Philip. “Look how fragile and wretched he is.  You think he could ever be your equal? Your man?”
“He’s more of a man than you ever were.”
Luca shook his head. “After all I did for you. I took you in, made you part of the pack. Gave you high status. And this is how you thank me. I can’t let this lie. You destroyed the pack’s faith in me and crippled our bond.”
“You did that, Luca, not me. I never asked for…”
“Don’t you dare! I trusted you and you betrayed me. Now I’m going to skin you alive!” Luca shifted, his clothes ripping from his body. Muscle tore and flexed, teeth stretched, fur sprouted. He roared and bolted toward Alec.
Alec roared back, shifting himself and meeting Luca head on. The two werewolves crashed into each other, tooth and claw flailing wildly, jaws snapping like mad, legs pushing forward, friction against friction, strength against strength.  Luca sank his claws into Alec’s hide and yanked him off the ground.
Second later, Alec was sailing across the room. He slid across the kitchen island and plummeted to the floor. Luca leapt through the air and was on him again. He pulled Alec up and smashed him across countertops, slammed him against the windows, shattering the glass, and bounced him off the walls. 
Luca charged him, knocking him to the floor and biting into his arm. Alec howled in pain, feeling the canine teeth sink into him, searing agony burning through his every fiber. Alec struggled, raking his claws down Lucas back, pulling hard, grabbing tufts of fur. He slipped his leg out from under Luca, pressed it against Luca’s chest, and kicked hard.
Alec sent Luca against the wall, then tackled him again, smashing the side of Luca’s face against the wall again. Alec bit into his shoulder, ripping the flesh and feeling the hot blood rush down his throat. Alec bit down harder, keeping a vice grip on Luca and using only his jaws, and hurled him into the living room.
The sound of crashing furniture filled the house as Luca toppled over a loveseat and crushed a coffee table. Alec stomped after him, climbing atop Luca to hold him down, but Luca grabbed Alec by the throat and rolled him over again. The two of them flailed and writhed across the floor until Luca got the upper hand. He slashed his claws across Alec’s snout and raked them across his eyes. 
Alec stumbled backwards and Luca pressed on, slashing his chest, his stomach, kicking him into the wall. Luca jumped off the fallen furniture and smashed Alec in the head, dropping him to the floor. He reached down with both claws and lifted Alec into the air, holding him tight. Alec felt his heart slamming against his chest. His entire body was on fire. He tasted blood in his mouth. Drool piddled to the floor and his vision blurred. Pain bit through him and he felt Luca’s grip tightening around both of his arms.
Luca reared back, all of this teeth exposed, preparing to bite into Alec’s throat. Alec kicked and flailed; he howled and froze as a shot rang out. Gunfire ripped through Luca’s arm and shoulder. Luca yelped, a twinge of terror in it, and threw himself out Philip’s bay window.
Philip stood in the doorway, shotgun in his hands still smoking. His chest heaved and he was so out of breath he couldn’t say a word. Alec looked over at him and pulled the beast in. He felt his anger retreating, the fire inside him quenched. Teeth and claws withered and he returned to human form. He crawled over to Philip and stood slowly, gently placing his hand on the gun and lowering it. “He’s gone.”
Philip trembled and eased his grip on the gun and its trigger. He looked at Alec and exhaled. 
Alec hugged him, then kissed him. “You save my life. One more moment he would have ripped my throat out. “
“I kind of like your throat. Well, I like every part of you. I couldn’t let him do that do you.”
“Thank you. Now, we should get the hell out of here, and out of Redfern.”
“Leave town?”
“I don’t know what else to do. We’re endangering everyone. We need to go far away, someplace they won’t find us, until they stop looking.”
“Alec, you don’t know Luca. He will never stop looking.”
“It’s all we got. Now, you got some clothes I can borrow?”
Philip smiled, looking up and down his naked frame. “Sure.”
###
Max walked the busiest roads she could find, the ones with the most lights. She discovered her car down the road from the Grill, trashed, in a ditch, tires missing. They’d wanted to prevent her escape but she’d bested them, the bastards. As soon as she had found her she heard the loud boom. Her heart sank and she got sick to her stomach. She knew exactly what they had done. Nan’s Grill was no more. 
She didn’t have time to think about it now. She was sure Jake and Adam were still looking for her and that Luca could be anywhere in town. The town was lit up bright, people walking in the mild night air, enjoying late dinners and dessert or coffee at the cafes. How unaware they were right now. Any of their lives could change in the blink of an eye if Luca saw fit. 
In the distance Max heard sirens. She thought of Alec and Philip and hoped it had nothing to do with them. Philip was human, after all, and not used to having to fight or defend himself. He was completely vulnerable, and maybe even a liability to Alec. Alec himself was new to being a shifter, still learning his powers, learning about himself and how to control the wolf part of him.
At least Max had taken some martial arts courses. After being mugged that time in the city, she wanted to be prepared for anything. No one was going to give her shit again, not for being a woman, not for being independent, and not for living in a town surrounded by werewolves.
She moved quickly through the small mountain town. Cars zipped by her before she finally found a cab. The cabs normally serviced tourists, vacationers and hotels, but tonight was just not one of those nights.
Max ran across the street after a group of loud teenagers passed her and grabbed hold of the cab door. “Hey there, you working?”
The bearded driver with a cap turned to eye her through his window. “You paying?”
“Of course.”
“Then I’m working.”
“You’re a lifesaver.” Max opened the door and slid into the backseat. “Two-one-two Hemlock Lane.”
“Residential. I knew you weren’t a tourist.”
“You got that right.” She watched him shrug then pull the cab out into the street. Before long they were zooming down wooded streets with branches arching over them like ancient arms. Mountain peaks rose behind the vast expanse of trees. 
Max thought she saw shadows moving in and out of the trees--half human, half animal shapes fading in and out of sight. They couldn’t possibly know where in town she had headed and how she was getting home, let alone where she lived. Could they? The two she’d faced didn’t seem all that bright. 
The road dipped and more familiar sights came into view, the downhill road, the lake, her home. The cab pulled up to the house and Max looked up at it. There was a single light on in one of the upstairs bedrooms. Her mother was already up in bed, reading. 
Max paid the cab and rushed up the front porch. She stopped for a moment, a sound catching her attention. She looked across the lake—a splash, feet crushing brush, a twig snap. It was too dark to see anything solid even with the porch lights.
She dismissed it and headed inside, then looked back at the cab driver shaking his head before pulling out of the driveway.
###
“Oh God, Max,” Philip sobbed, rubbing both of his hands over his face.
Alec saw the realization hitting his love again. Max was such an awesome person and he hated what had happened. He wanted to blame himself, but of course Philip wouldn’t let him. Philip blamed those that truly deserved it. Luca and his pack of killers. 
“Please…” Philip lifted his face, his eyes red, his cheeks soaked. “Please go to Max’s house. We need to tell her mother before we leave. Alec?”
“Of course, yes, of course.” Alec reached one hand over to Philip and rubbed his back, holding onto the steering wheel with his other. “I’m so sorry, Philip.” He slid his hand down to Philip’s hand. Philip took it eagerly, clutching Alec’s hand with a firm grip, as if he never wanted to let go.
Alec steered the car around and headed for Max’s house, trying to recall the route from memory.
“You missed a turn,” Philip said, jumping in and jogging Alec’s memory.
What would they say? Alec had never done anything like this before. He wasn’t even sure he could tell Nan that her only daughter was gone. But he might just have to be the one. Philip was falling apart over it, getting worse as they drew closer to Max’s house.
Alec sighted the lake, then the house. The house was all in darkness. He assumed Max’s mother was sleeping. He pulled the truck up in front of the house and got out. 
“C’mon.” Alec rubbed Philip’s shoulders. “We’ll do this together.” Philip gave him a hug, squeezing him tight before exiting the truck. He couldn’t find any words to say, but it was OK with Alec. He understood the feeling.
Alec stuck by his side, walking up to the door first. The door was slightly ajar, barely open, but Alec noticed it. “Hello?” He knocked on the door and it creaked a bit, opening a little further.  “Nan, are you there? It’s me, Alec. I’m here with Philip. We really need to talk to you.”
Philip poked his head in. “Nan, can we come in?”
They waited. A thump sounded from above.
“Something isn’t right,” Alec said. He pushed the door open and entered the house. He sniffed the air but didn’t detect anything unusual. There didn’t seem to be any other wolf but him in the house.
“She must be in bed upstairs and can’t hear us,” Philip said.
“OK, let’s try it. Let’s not scare her to death, OK?”
“I always tread lightly,” Philip said.
Philip started upstairs with Alec behind him. Another thud resounded. Philip rushed for the bedroom at the end of the hall.
“Philip!” Alec called in a raised whisper. “Wait, don’t just—”
A shrill scream startled Alec and as a fist caught him in the gut. The wind knocked out of him, he stumbled back. A leg swung at his head but missed. Alec took a swing but a lithe figured dodged it and got behind him.
He felt an arm sling around his throat and a knee drive into his back. He grimaced, fighting the urge to shift. He knew it wasn’t a werewolf attacking him. Actually, the smell was very familiar. He felt a blade against the back of his head and –
“Don’t move or I’ll finish you!”
“Max?” Alec croaked.
The light in the hall flicked on. Philip was at the switch. “Max!” he called with joy. “Oh, my God, Max! It’s us … it’s Alec and me!”
Max let go and laughed out loud. “Ahhhh, Alec I’m so sorry.”
Alec recovered quickly and turned to her. “Whew, remind me never to piss you off. Those are some good moves.”
“I know you could have crushed me,” she said to him. “You were holding back.”
“I recognized your smell.”
“Oh, so I smell, do I?”
“We all do, killer.” He laughed and held out his arms.
Max jumped into them and hugged him as if her life depended on it. Philip rushed to both of them, and a group hug ensued.
“Hell’s blazes!” A voice called from the bedroom at the end of the hall. The three of them turned to see Nan roll her wheelchair into the threshold. “What is all this racket about?”
“Sorry, Mom,” Max said. “There’s been a lot of drama going on lately. We need to talk.”
“Oh, baby, I already know.” She pushed her wheelchair out into the hall. “You all are having wolf problems, aren’t you?”
They looked at one another then nodded at her.
“Heck, the town doesn’t need that trouble again. I got something to help you deal with them nasty boys. Come with me.” Nan wheeled herself to an electric lift chair at the top of the stairs, climbed in, and began her descent to the bottom.
Seventeen

Nan held a captive audience around the kitchen table. Alec sat and listened with Max and Philip. The woman spoke of ancient people, bloodlines and wise women. She wheeled over to the large pantry in the corner of the kitchen and flung the doors open. 
She moved the sugar and flour aside, shuffled through bottles of extract and flavorings, spices and baking powder. Finally, she pulled out a small vial with a pale liquid in it. 
“This,” she said, “is what you need. I made it myself, harvested the wolfsbane by moonlight. Steeped it down into this brew. It kills them dead.”
Alec wanted to laugh but held it in. Just the way she spoke to them matter-of-factly made the whole scene seem surreal. She looked directly at him. “This is what I used to rid Redfern of the Rayden patriarch. 
“Mom,” Max said. “Luca’s great grandfather?”
Nan nodded. “That Luca is even fouler than his kin. I saw the wild child when he was nothing but a babe. Way back before Max was born. Even then, I saw the feral spirit in his eyes. This town has always had wolves. They’re drawn here for some reason. Couldn’t ever figure it.”
She placed the vial on the table and picked up the knife Max had almost gutted Alec with. “Like this.” She uncapped the vial and poured the liquid over the blade, soaking it. “Just like I did it. You all get yourselves a knife and put this on it. It will protect you.”
Alec pulled his face away, the scent almost causing physical pain. His eyes began to water. Nan looked over at him and winked. 
“Mom, this is great.” Max got out of her seat and hugged her mother. “This is just what we need. We may be able to stop this once and for all.”
“There are too many, Max,” Alec said. “We can’t fight them all. Eventually they’ll track me here. Luca’s got my scent ingrained in him. He won’t forget it. I need to get out of Redfern. Out of these mountains. The knives are great protection, but I can’t keep risking you and your mother.”
“Alec, you can’t always run. We can face this. Face them. We could end it right here. Make a stand.”
Alec shook his head. “I can’t allow it. You’ve already lost the restaurant. My mind is made up. I’m getting out of here.”
“And I’m going with you,” Philip added.
“Philip…”
“Don’t Philip me. You knew we were going together. Nothing’s change that now. I need to be with you.”
“And I need you with me but what if…?”
“It won’t happen. You won’t let it.”
“I couldn’t even protect…”
“You will. Next time.”
Alec learned to shut up at the right time. He smiled at Philip and held his tongue. He wanted to keep arguing but there was no point. Philip would never let him go alone. Case closed. 
“Children, I think it’s time I went back to bed.” Nan started into the living room and the stairs. 
“I’m sorry for all of this Mom,” Max said, following behind her.
“Hell, I haven’t had this much fun in years, dear.” She climbed back into her electric chair and headed upstairs.
Max, Alec and Philip followed her upstairs and Alec offered to help her into bed. He lifted her from her wheelchair and placed her gently in bed. She took his hands and looked into his eyes. “You have a good soul, son.”
“Thank you.”
“I know what you are. Knew since the moment I saw you.”
“You did?”
She nodded. “And it’s all right. You are of two worlds. The day and the night.  Growing up, my grandmother told me stories of your kind. Amazing creatures, both human and animal. Wolves on two legs. There are wonders in the world. Things everyone thought was legend that are actually real. There were many more of you then, all around the world. Well hidden. Secret groups, surviving, hunting, watching. Some were like you, resisting the pull of darkness, living in peace. Then there were the others, followers of desire, ravenous, led by bloodlust. It was said one day the wild in them would overwhelm us. The pure blood would lead a war on the human world and devour everything.”
Nan squeezed both of Alec’s hands. He felt a gentle surge course over his skin. It was much like when Philip touched him. There was something about Nan, something wise in her soul. He thought she could see right into him, right to his heart. Perhaps she was a sensitive too, just like Philip. She smiled at him, looking into his eyes.
“You need to be ready,” she said to him. Alec didn’t quite understand her. He furrowed his brow but listened intently. “It’s coming, son. The time for you to use your gift and bring the day and the night together. It is why you have come here, to Redfern. And it is why he will come here.”
“Who?’
“The pure blood. He already knows you are here. He just doesn’t know who you are. He is coming. You must be ready. This, here and now, is a test. You will do well. I feel this about you. Just look at you.”
Alec smiled, feeling his face flush with warmth. He figured he was blushing. Max snickered behind him. “Thank you, Nan. You’ve been so kind. I can’t thank you enough. You make me feel like I’m part of something bigger.”
“You are, Alec. You are a part of something as old as mankind. As old as the trees and the mountains. You are a part of them all. You are never alone in your gift. The Earth has given it to you and it will guide you. Listen to it and use it when the time is right.”
He gave her a peck on the cheek, and with that she pulled her covers up and closed her eyes. A moment later a snore escaped her. Alec stood up and turned to Max.
She shrugged at him. “I don’t know what got into her tonight.”
Alec followed Max and Philip into the hallway. “Do you know what she was talking about?”
“Beats the hell out of me,” she replied. “Once in a while I’ve heard her talking in her sleep. Most of the time it sounded like she was talking to my dad. I never paid much attention, but sometimes she’d say something cryptic with some conviction. Like the day and night were coming together and we’d all know it.”
“Something tells me she’s right,” Alec said. “I don’t know why, I just feel it. Your mom might have some talents you’re unaware of.”
“I don’t want to think about it right now,” Max said. “Right now, we’ve got to get you two out of Dodge.” 
“She’s right, Alec,” Philip chimed in. “They could be anywhere. We need to figure out a plan.”
“We have a plan--get as far away from Redfern as possible.”
“And what?” Philip asked. “Luca won’t just go away.”
“No, but he can’t chase me beyond his territory, his hunting grounds. He and the pack will weaken.”
“So we leave for good? Never to come back?”
“Maybe. What else can we do?”
“I might have something,” Max said. “There is one thing that might make Luca stop searching for you.” Alec and Philip waited with unbridled anticipation. She shook her head and held out her hands. “If he thinks you’re both dead, hello!”
“Okay,” Alec said, remembering how he tried to throw himself out of Luca’s window but the beast within wouldn’t let him. “I’m listening. How do we do it?”
“Well, first, we let some of his boys find you.” She looked down at her knives laced with wolfsbane, handed one to each of the boys, and headed downstairs.
###
Luca sat in a clearing, naked, leaves scattered about his crotch, blood drooling down his arm. His mind was clear of everything except Alec.  He bit his lip, drawing more blood. 
Jake and Adam, in werewolf form, slinked over to Luca and licked his wounds, sliding up and down his arm, licking his face. They whimpered as they tended to him. 
He looked down at them and smiled. “My boys.” He ran his fingers through Jake’s fur.  Luca looked away, into the forest, watching the trees and the dawn  seeping through the horizon. He thought of Alec again. “I am going to rip his lover apart piece by piece, right in front of him.”
Jake shifted back to human form and kissed Luca on the lips. “I can’t wait to see that.”
Luca nodded. He caressed Jake’s chin with his fingers, then brushed the young man’s blond locks. Jake’s tattoos glistened with the morning light as if wet with dew. “I want all my boys to see it. We’ll need to…” Luca sniffed at the air. He scanned the area, eyes narrowing. “Will, come out.”
Will pushed his way through the trees and adjusted his glasses. He looked nervous and guilty at the same time.
“What are you doing here?” Luca asked.
“I just wanted to help.”
“You’re supposed to wait for us at the house until I call you to clean up our mess. That’s what you’re there for. No wonder I couldn’t pick up anything. I’m a bit disoriented. Your scent is interfering with my tracking. I smell the fear on you. Get out of here. Go back to the house, now, before I gut you.”
Will did as he said and headed off, returning to the big, old house in the mountains. Adam finished cleaning Luca’s wounds and returned to human form as well. Luca embraced him, holding him tight against him. “I’m sorry for what happened to you. They will all pay for this. Every one of them. We will hunt them down together.”
“I’m afraid I’ll be little help to you, Luca.” Adam sniveled in Luca’s arms. 
Luca kissed him. “Rely on your other senses, your smell, your hearing. I will be your eyes. Come.” He stretched his arm out to Jake, who took his hand and pulled him to his feet. “We need to find Marcus and Michael. Day comes and we should all go and sleep. We will finish our hunt tonight. It will be the last night they ever see.”
The three of them started into the forest and ascended into the mountains. Luca glanced at his arm. The bleeding had stopped and the wound was already healing. “Good job, boys.”
###
“I’m not sure this is going to work,” Alec said as he and Max put up the tent. The mid-morning sun was warm and the skies were clear. A cool breeze blew through the area.
“It’s all we got,” Max said as she pushed the stake into the ground and tied the tent rope to it. “Just need you to wolf out a bit, rip through this thing, and spill some of your own blood. Philip’s ready to give some of his too.”
Alec looked over at Philip, who smiled back at him. “There won’t be any bodies. They’ll never believe we died.”
“That’s why the tent is set up right by the waterfall.” The roar of the water filled the air around them. The air was cooler. Max moved around the tent and moved toward the waterfall. “We’ll put some debris over there and a shoe or something. It will look like you surprised some campers, a fight broke out, and they shot you. Philip will fire a few shots from his shotgun at the trees and stuff. Then, you and Philip were thrown into the waterfall and the river washed your bodies away. Your scent will be all over so they’ll know you were here.”
“It’s very thin, Max,” Alec said. “Luca knows I don’t want to hurt anyone. So why would I be here and they just happen to have guns on a camping trip?”
“You might have done it by accident, or you were looking for food and they saw you and attacked you first. Anything could have happened. Luca and his thugs will put it together themselves. Especially his pack. They’re idiots.”
“Can we get this done?” Philip called. “I don’t want to be in these mountains any longer than I have to. They could be looking for us right now.”
“They’re sleeping now,” Alec said. “They hunt by night and sleep during the day.”
“OK, we’re ready,” Max said. “Phil and I will cut out hands and smear some blood around the area. Alec, you bring out the wolf, tear into the tent.”
“You guys should head out before I do that. I don’t want you being around me if it gets out of hand.”
“I’ll calm you,” Philip said.
“I know you will, baby, but what if I turn on Max before you get to me?”
“Okay, you tear the tent last, then,” Max said. “Philip, shoot a few rounds.”
Alec watched Philip take the shotgun out of his pack and take aim. Max slid a knife across the back of her hand and smeared blood on the tent, against a tree. 
Philip fired off his shotgun at a tree, into the ground and through the tent. He took Max’s knife and cut his own hand and smeared the grass and went to the edge of the waterfall, putting some of his blood on the rocks surrounding it.
“Okay,” Alec said. “Go, get out of here now and get to the road where my truck is. I’ll get down as soon as I can.”
He watched them hustle out of the area and then turned back to the tent. He dragged up his courage and focused, regulating his breathing before the claws appeared and the fur sprouted. Alec bit into his arm and let the blood spatter as he ripped into the tent. 
Eighteen

Dim moonlight fought its way through rolling clouds. A lazy mist hung over the mountains as Luca and his pack made their way through them.
Back at full strength, Luca was fired up and ready for the hunt, the hunt for human and wolf flesh. He wanted to end it. See Alec beg him not to kill Philip, but of course the pleas would fall on deaf ears. Alec would regret the day he reject him. No one had ever rejected him. Ever. 
“I’m getting something faint in the air,” Luca said to the others. 
“Let me have the first bite,” Marcus said. “I won’t kill them, just make them suffer. Get them ready for you.”
“Of course, Marcus. Each of you will get a bite. Get ready, boys, this is going to be our best hunt ever.” Luca leapt into the air and landed on two feet in wolf form. He raced through the forest, crashing through branches and brush, ripping bushes and brambles. 
Marcus, Jake and Michael transformed together and followed their alpha with lusty glee. Adam shifted slowly, feeling this way through the forest, following the scent of his pack as best he could. He bumped into a wide tree and snarled in frustration. 
Luca and the pack ran up and down the trails until Luca picked up a stronger scent and the sound of rushing water. I smell blood. He picked up his pace and let out a howl. 
He raced into a clearing and hopped over a raging river. Dead ahead of him the edge of the waterfall loomed. Luca scraped his claws along the tree trunks as he came to the remains of a struggle. His snapped his jaws together and roared as he sniffed the air. 
Luca shifted to human form and froze in his tracks. “What the hell?” He surveyed the destroyed tent and the blood all over it. He examined a gunshot in a tree beside the tent. 
The rest of the pack came into view and stopped. They snapped and snarled, snorted and grunted. Jake and Michael nuzzled each other. Marcus blew past them and sidled up to Luca. He rubbed his head against Luca’s face.
Luca turned to him. “Something’s happened.”
Marcus returned to human. “What’s wrong?”
“There was a fight here. Gunshots. It’s Alec’s blood.”
“He attacked humans?”
“Alec doesn’t attack humans. This doesn’t make sense.”
Jake shifted to human and walked over to the two of them. “Alec might have been hunting a running deer. There are some tracks here.” Jake pointed to the ground.
“He startled some humans and they attacked him?” Luca said with reservation. His heart had trouble sorting it. 
Marcus looked around, examining the scene. He bent at his knees, running his fingers through the blood, then licking them. “It is Alec’s blood.”
“Over here,” Jake called from the edge of the waterfall.
Luca leapt over to Jake instantly. There was a shoe and some torn clothes on the edge of the water. “Philip. I smell him too.” Luca’s mind tried to wrap itself around the scenario. 
Jake put a gentle hand on his Alpha’s shoulder. “It looks as if Philip tried to come to his aid and was killed too. They might have been thrown over the edge of the waterfall. They’re gone.”
Luca looked over the edge. “Alec…”
“Do we really think humans did this?” Marcus called. 
“Who else?” asked Jake. 
“Since when have they been able to get the upper hand on one of us? Especially a newborn like Alec? Where are the human bodies? Did they go over the waterfall too?”
“Yes,” Jake said. “It was a battle. Alec fought to the end, hurling them over with him. It’s all right here.”
Marcus shook his head. 
Luca’s eyes welled. “Alec…” His mind was confused. His heart did not know whether to break or fester with disappointment. “So much unfinished business.”
“C’mon.” Jake put his arms around Luca. “It’s over. Let’s get home. We’ll take care of you.” Jake walked Luca away from the edge. They headed out of the clearing just as Adam managed to finally show up.
###
I don’t buy it. Marcus climbed down the edge of the waterfall, the misty water spraying his naked body. He weaved around stone and tidal pools, through high grass and rocky shores. The scent of blood weakened and there was no smell of Philip at all. 
He continued down the river, away from the waterfall, smelling the river banks, tasting the dirt until finally wading into the river where it had calmed down. He tasted the water. Fish, minerals, fungus, deer urine, but no blood. No lycanthrope blood. No Alec. No Philip. No human flesh. This is a trick. 
Marcus jumped out of the river and shifted. He bolted up the side of the mountain again, over the ridges and to a notch. He climbed a tree and glanced around the area. Not much to see. He slid down the tree and sprang through the air again. 
He made his way back down the mountains again and through the forest. Eventually he reached the road and picked up the faintest scent—musk, spice, citrus. Could be Philip’s cologne. Marcus bared his fangs, saliva dribbled from them. Hunger filled him, adrenalin and ambition.
The road stretched out of view and Marcus followed it back toward Redfern. “I will bring their bodies back to Luca. My gift to him. Then he will make me his pack mate. As he should have all along.” Marcus leapt through the air and landed on all fours. Traveling would be quicker that way if he decided to stick to the road, and he would be able to blend in as a real wolf, should a car or two pass. 
His mind was a tempest, full of rage and anticipation, he imagined himself ruling the mountains with Luca--in his arms, in his service, inside and out. His heart pounded with excitement, his lungs drank in the mountain air hard, and he panted. 
Marcus vanished into the shadows.
###
Jake, Michael and Adam fawned over Luca as he buried himself in bed. They kissed him, petted him, and licked his body up and down. 
Adam slipped his tongue into Luca’s mouth, kissing deeply, enjoying the taste and the smell, his vision still a bit blurry. 
Jake moved his lips down Luca’s chest to his belly, running his tongue around his navel before taking his dick into his mouth. He bobbed up and down slowly, suckling it, savoring every moment. 
Luca lay back, trying to enjoy the attention and the passion. His body loved every moment, but all Luca could think of was Alec. It was not Jake he saw worshiping his cock, but Alec, his stunning blue eyes looking up at him, his beautiful blond hair glistening in the room’s light.
Michael licked Luca’s balls and then returned to his nipples, sucking them before sticking his tongue in Luca’s ear. Michael paused, pulling his lips back, and whispered in Luca’s ear. “I don’t know where Marcus is. It troubles me. He should be here with us, enjoying you.”
Luca brushed his fingers across Michael’s cheeks. “It’s okay. Go look for him. Tell him I wish him to be here.”
Michael smiled, got off the bed, and headed for the door.
Luca watched him go, a grunt escaping him as Jake pleasured him. Alec. My Alec. Adam kissed his neck and Luca ran his hand over his chest and reached for his dick. “Bring that to me.” Adam got on his knees and slid his hard cock into Luca’s mouth. Luca imagined it was Alec and closed his eyes.
The three of them shifted into werewolves in mid-sex and howled. Luca’s howl was riddled with pain and sadness.
###
Two bowls of rice rested on the kitchen table. Max poured hot shrimp stir-fry over the rice, seasoned with her special hoisen sauce and some hot chili peppers. 
“Mom, come to the table. It’s ready.”
“My, we’re eating late tonight,” Nan said as she rolled her wheelchair into the kitchen.
“I know. I’m sorry about that. It has been a really long day.” She poured them each a glass of iced tea. 
Nan pulled up to the table, stared at the food, then looked out the window. Her gaze steered back to the table.
“Go ahead, Mom, dig in.”
“Not sure I’m hungry after all, darling.”
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“Feels like a storm is coming. I can feel the cold. It sinks right into my bones.”
“Are you feeling sick? Do you want to head upstairs and go to bed?”
Before Nan could answer, Max heard the patter of feet across the roof. She looked up and her heart jumped into her throat. The walls of the house trembled and Max started to get up when someone crashed through the kitchen window.
Glass showered the room as Max and her mother covered their faces and screamed. Max opened her eyes to see a figure sailing across the room and landing on the kitchen table. Marcus glared at her, his eyes flashing yellow. 
Max reached for a fork but Marcus was on her in a flash. He pulled her up by the air and wrapped an arm around her throat. He kicked his leg behind him, striking Nan’s wheelchair and sending her backward, crashing into the kitchen counters.
He leaned in to Max’s ear; she felt his hot breath on her. “Where are they?” he rasped. She said nothing, not making a peep, her legs kicking in the air as she suddenly noticed Marcus had lifted her off the floor. 
“I know they’re not dead,” Marcus continued. “Tell me where they are or I’ll eat your mother alive.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” she managed to squeak despite her throat tightening and the pain surging through her.
“I’m gonna make you watch as I rip into your mother, then I’m going to do the same to you. Start talking, bitch. You know where they are.”
“R-really…I haven’t seen….them…in d-days.”
Marcus snarled and yanked Max’s hair as hard as he could, lifting her into the air and throwing her across the table. Max hit the floor hard, her back aching. Shooting pain lanced through her. Marcus stood up on the table and flipped into the air, landing beside Nan.
He slipped his arm around Nan. “Come on, old girl, give me a kiss.” His teeth stretched past his lips, claws forming on his gnarled hands.  Nan reached into the pocket of her duster dress and made a fist. 
Seconds later, Marcus wailed as Nan thrust a handful of wolfsbane flowers into his face. He stumbled backwards in mid-transformation, covering is face with fur-laden hands. Marcus choked and gagged, his eyes running with tears. He lashed out but Nan was already wheeling out of the room. 
Marcus stood in full beast form now and raked his claws across his face, fighting the effects of the wolfsbane. He bolted out of the kitchen. Max crawled on her knees, looking for an escape, when Marcus came down on her, knocking her onto her belly. He slashed claws down her back, tearing through her clothes, drawing blood. He tilted his head back, jaws opening wide... Max screamed, and…
Stopped when she heard heavy feet rushing down the second floor stairs. She craned her neck to see a white werewolf barreling toward her.
Alec crashed into Marcus, driving him into the wall. The two of them crashed to the floor, giving Max the chance to throw herself out of their way. Alec got to his feet and sank both claws into Marcus, hauling him up and throwing him into the kitchen. 
Marcus crashed into the kitchen table, destroying it.  Alec was relentless. He charged again, attacking his fallen foe with snapping teeth, biting into his throat and drawing blood.  Marcus pushed him off and bit him back, catching his arm.
 Alec backhanded him and grabbed him again. He spun Marcus around, smashing him against the counters, cabinets, bouncing his head off the refrigerator and oven. Lastly, he hurled Marcus back out the window he first came through.
###
Alec jumped through the window and raced on all fours as fast as he could. He clashed with Marcus again, bashing through trees, rolling across the ground, snapping at each other, pawing and clawing at one another.
The two of them tumbled into the lake. Marcus headbutted Alec, stunning him. Alec’s vision blurred a bit and he felt a claw thrust his head under the water. Marcus held him under, Alec feeling the air draining out of his lungs and the water slithering in. 
In a last ditch effort he slashed his claws across Marcus’s gut. Blood leaked into the lake and Marcus let go, howling in agony. Alec lifted his head, catching air and letting it fill him once more. He swatted Marcus with both claws, slashing his chest, his face, his arms. He seized him by the throat, lifted him into the air and hurling him toward land.
Marcus sailed toward Max’s house, clattered onto its deck, and busted right through a support column. Alec appeared on the deck and Marcus picked up the column and swung it hard. 
The wood split across Alec’s head. He felt dull pain wash through him as he tumbled from the deck and onto the ground. His head felt as if an axe had split it open. He tasted blood in his mouth. He struggled to get up, but Marcus was on him, driving a knee into his head, compounding the pain and sending him down again.
Alec felt claws around his throat, nails digging into his flesh. Marcus dragged him backwards across the ground, scraping him across rocks and gravel. His head twisted left and right. Marcus was trying to snap his neck. He flailed and kicked, grimacing as he worked his claws up Marcus’s body and to his head. 
He locked onto Marcus’s head and snapped him over his shoulders. Alec grabbed Marcus’s jaws, one in each claw, and pulled them apart as hard as could until he heard a snap and felt the bones break in his hands.  
Marcus went limp and Alec let him fall to the ground. Alec looked down on him, watching Marcus’s lifeless body shift back into human form.  Alec stood there for some time, silent, then shifted to human as well. 
“Alec!” Max called from her front door. She rushed to Alec’s side. “You were supposed to be getting out of town.” She threw her arms around him.
Alec hugged her back. “I sensed you and Nan were in trouble. I heard Nan’s voice in my head. I couldn’t leave you…not like this.”
“Marcus was on to me. He didn’t know where you were but he thought I’d know. I’m not sure if Luca knows too or if Marcus was working on his own.”
“I have feeling if Luca knew he’d be here by now. I told you wouldn’t work.”
“It’s not over yet, Alec. He was suspicious. He didn’t know anything.”
“Yeah, Max, Marcus is dead. This is going to…”
A mournful howl filled the air. Alec looked up to see Michael standing across the street. They made eye contact and Michael bolted.
“No!” Alec cried. “We can’t let him get back to Luca.”  
“Shit!” Max cried. “What do we do?”
“You stay here.” Alec jumped into the air and became the beast, landing on all fours and racing after Michael.
Alec picked up Michael in the distance; he too had shifted into his wolf form and was running down the roads of Max’s neighborhood.  Alec increased his speed, running harder, pushing as hard as he could, heart pounding in his chest, blood boiling. 
A pair of headlights cut through the darkness suddenly. Michael cut across the streets in the opposite direction but it was too late. Alec’s pickup truck slammed into him , launching him into the air and down on the street.
Michael hit the road hard, in his human form. He rolled to a stop and lay there. Alec growled and rushed to the truck, pulling the beast back, commanding it to retreat within. He returned to human and stepped up to the driver’s side to see Philip trembling inside, hands locked onto the steering wheel.
Philip’s bottom lip quivered. “I couldn’t let him escape. I couldn’t let him tell Luca.”
Alec’s eyes welled. “It’s okay, you can let go now. It’s okay.” Philip let go of the wheel and opened the truck door. He climbed out and embraced Alec. “We have to check him.”
Alec let go of Philip and approached Michael’s prone body. He stepped gingerly over to it and reached out for the young man.
Michael’s eyes popped open, glaring yellow, and he sprang into the air, the beast within ripping out of him. He bounced off the truck’s hood, leaving a dent in it, and vanished into the forest.
“Damn it,” Alec yelled, punching his truck. “We have to get out of here for real now. This will be worse than ever. I just killed Marcus. We have to go, now.”
Philip nodded and followed Alec into the truck. Alec threw the truck into gear, turned it around, and sped back to Max’s to give her the bad news. He knew she had to hide out until they were gone. 
Nineteen

Alec drove as fast as he could without losing control. He pushed the truck hard, gliding around bends and corners at breakneck speed. A deer crossed the street in front of him and Alec nearly jumped from his skin.
He swerved to miss the deer and the truck veered off the road toward the guardrail. “Fuck!” 
The headlights spun and picked up a figure standing behind the guardrail. It was Luca. He jumped on top of the railing and welcomed Alec to him with open arms. Alec slammed on his brakes and the truck skidded right toward Luca.
Luca leapt over the truck and landed behind it. Alec smashed into the guardrail, the truck taking damage and being rendered incapacitated. He looked at Luca in his rearview mirror. He was waiting for him.
Alec pushed open his door and stepped out. “Luca, I just want this to end.”
“You are full of surprises, aren’t you, Alec? So you really are a killer. Whether you want to believe it or not.”
“Marcus didn’t give me a choice. Is this what you want, Luca? For us to kill each other?”
Luca chuckled. “I don’t want that at all. You took away something of mine. Now I’m going to take something of yours.”
“You stay away from him.”
Philip watched with terror from inside the truck. Alec waited for Luca to make a move. He felt his core tingling. He felt his muscles rippling. He was already breathing heavily.
Luca grinned, then barked. 
Michael leapt from the darkness, tackling Alec. He picked Alec up by the scruff of his neck and hurled him into the guardrail. Michael shifted into his wolf form and charged Alec, pinning him down on the street, biting into his shoulder.
Alec watched helplessly as Luca tore the door off the truck and plucked Philip out of it. He dragged Philip off the road and up the side of a massive rock. “Come and get him, if you can!” Luca called, disappearing into the trees.
Philip’s screams filled the night air. Michael’s teeth bared down harder on Alec’s shoulder. Burning pain assaulted him but he managed to reach for Michael’s throat with his free arm and brace a leg against him. With all of his strength, he pushed and Michael went up and over the guardrail.
Alec heard the wolf tumble down a steep ledge and slam onto the street below. He took the opportunity to transform and follow Philip’s scent up into the mountains.
Behind him he heard howls, desperate, angry. Michael had already recovered and would soon be in pursuit. Alec ran on, tracking Philip and Luca, both of their scents filling his senses. He could smell the fear in Philip’s scent. He prayed Luca hadn’t hurt him. 
The moon rose higher, the clouds around it thickening. Alec noticed the mist slipping in around him. His night vision still held up, but for how long? Owls, night birds and bats called all around him. He heard the treetops flutter. A crackle echoed in the clouds.
Through the din of the forest, Alec heard heavy breathing. Rustling sounded in the treetops. Michael had caught up with him.
Alec stopped and looked up. He huffed, and snorted. He pushed himself against one of the thickest trees, guarding his back.  He heard laughter behind him. Then in front of him. Michael circled him, stalking his prey.
Claws clicked. Teeth snapped. Alec was ready. 
Michael dropped from the trees and swung his claws like a madman. He was a berserker, consumed with rage and violence, claws flailing every which way. He rushed Alec but Alec dodged out of the way. Michael gouged a tree with reckless abandon. 
Alec grabbed him but Michael twisted his neck and bit him in the claws. Alec yelped and let go, backing away. Michael spun at him again, ripping fur from Alec’s body, snapping his teeth at his face and head. He bit Alec’s ears and drew blood. Alec yelped and barked, raising is arms in self-defense. Michael was in a frenzy.
The two werewolves traded bites and slashes, trying to one up each other until they tumbled into a thorn patch. Sharp barbs covered their bodies as they continued to fight. Alec and Michael were entwined with each other, rolling downhill, breaking through saplings and brush. Alec eyed a ledge at the bottom of their descent; Michael was too wild and feral to notice. At the last moment, Alec snagged a tree root with his claw and escaped the fall. Michael was not so lucky. He fell off the ledge and plummeted, a short, loud yelp sounding, then silence.
The forest was eerily quiet. Alec crawled to the edge of the ledge and looked over. At the bottom of the ravine, Michael had impaled himself on a cluster of thick branches and tree growth that reached for the heavens. Alec bowed his head momentarily and then headed back up the mountains. 
###
The trees thinned and were smaller as he got higher. The mist was thicker here. Alec climbed on all fours in some areas, and then on two feet when the path grew more treacherous. He was nearly giving up hope; he hadn’t smelled Philip or Luca in a while.
He listened intently, scanning the area, but nothing presented itself. Alec thought of going to Luca’s house and turned to backtrack when Jake and Adam blocked his path. They were human.
“Alec?” Jake called, raising his hands.
He stared at Jake, then decided to take his human form as well. “Stay back, Jake.”
“We don’t want to fight you, Alec. We like you. He makes us do this.”
“You have a choice, Jake.”
“You’re right. We do. We decided we’re not going to hurt you. Please don’t hurt us, Alec.”
“No, Jake. I won’t hurt you. I never wanted to. I like you guys too.” Alec started toward them. Jake held out his arms and Alec went into them. 
Jake’s fangs suddenly sprouted and he lunged toward Alec. Alec reacted fast, shifting in the blink of an eye. He swiped both claws across Jake’s throat, tearing it open. Blood gushed and Jake gargled a scream as he fell to his knees. 
Alec swung his head toward Adam, who dropped to the ground and cowered. “Don’t hurt me… please, don’t hurt me.” Alec noticed his burning eyes and believed him to be no threat. 
He pulled back the beast and leaned down to Adam. “Where is Luca?”
Tears rolled down Adam’s cheeks. “The waterfall.”
###
Alec jumped his highest, he ran his fastest, all the while keeping Philip’s face in his mind’s eye. It was his focus, his fuel, his everything. He bounced off boulders and deadfalls, scaled pines, firs and birches. He climbed with claws and hands, pushed and pushed, his lungs burning, his legs aching.
He smelled blood in the air. The scent of death was all around him. Reaching the campsite, he spotted the ruined tent, his own bloodstains, and signs of a new struggle. Tracks, scrapes, broken tree limbs were scattered everywhere. The smells flooded Alec, Philip, Luca, animals, fear, lust, loss, sadness.  He stalked the area slowly. He didn’t see anything at first, the mist hanging thick in the trees, then he caught the rumble of the waterfall.
Alec’s vision swept to the edge of the forest, and the drop ahead. He moved forward, slowly. The water sprayed and the mist rose. Little by little, figures revealed themselves in the shadows.
Finally, he set eyes on Luca, standing on the very edge of the waterfall. He held Philip by his throat over the drop. Philip’s face was marred with scratches, blood drooled down him, and his hands dripped with it. His eyes fluttered, his chest heaved.
Luca looked at Alec and smiled. “Alec the forthright, the honorable, I knew you wouldn’t miss this.”
Alec shifted to human. “Luca, please don’t hurt him.”
“That’s up to you. I still can’t believe you chose this over me.” Luca shook Philip hard, his legs dangling over oblivion.
“I can’t be what you want me to be,” Alec said.
“Oh, can’t you? I think you’re doing a pretty good job. Remember Marcus?”
“That’s on you, Luca. It’s your fault they’re dead. I was defending myself. You brought this on your boys. It didn’t have to be this way.”
“This is the only way it can be, Alec!” He shook Philip again. “This is our food for Christ’s sakes!” He moved away from the waterfall and to solid ground.  “We’re killers. That’s what we are. That’s our nature. You come back to me, Alec, or I will tear him apart.”
“I can’t, Luca. I can’t be like you. I can’t!” Alec screamed. His heart dropped, pain surging through him. His breathing came in bursting gulps. His legs trembled, then his entire body.
“I loved you!” Luca screamed back. “You destroyed us! And I can’t Alec. I can’t. Now, I’m going to destroy you.” 
Alec watched Luca’s eyes turn yellow, then saw Philip’s arm slip to his pocket. Philip slipped the wolfsbane-laced knife into this grip and stretched his arm out. Luca’s head spun around. He grabbed Philip’s arm with this free hand and snapped it.
Philip wailed in agony, the knife plummeted. Alec cringed, his soul cried out. Luca hurled Philip to the ground. 
“Nice try, humannnn.” Luca’s voice morphed into a snarl, fur spread down his spine, snout stretching from his face. He roared with rage, spite and sadness.
“No!” Alec screamed, preparing to shift when he saw Will appear out of the shadows. He ran up behind Luca and drove the knife into his back.
Luca screamed, his transformation ceased, and he fell to his knees. His eyes widened in shock. He stumbled to his feet and turned around. “Will…” 
Will faced him down with defiance, hurt and anger in his eyes. Luca reached for him, caressing his face with his hands before backhanding him. Will flew through the air and collided with a tree, sliding to the ground. 
Alec dragged Philip out of the fray and kissed him. “It’s okay, it’s OK. I’m here.” Alec set Philip under a tree and turned back around. 
Luca stumbled toward him. He reached out his bloodied hands to him. The knife was still in his back. Alec froze as Luca approached him, and put his hand on Alec’s face, brushing his hair from his forehead and tracing his lips with his fingers. 
“Alec…I…I’m…” Luca whispered, trying to say more, but nothing came out.
“I know Luca.  I…”
Luca closed his eyes, drew back his head and bared his fangs once more.
Alec backed away, tears streaming his face. “Luca, no.”
Luca sighed, his hand twitching, his muscles flexing and... Will emerged again in wolf form. He leapt on Luca’s back and sunk his teeth into Luca’s neck and shoulder. Luca howled, shifting, struggling, clawing at Will. 
The two wolves fought each other, Will holding on tight, Luca nipping and scratching at him. The two of them hurled each other to the edge of the waterfall as Luca finally clasped his jaws around Will’s throat. One more howl from both of them and they fell over the cliff and into the raging falls below. 
“Will! Luca!” Alec rushed to the edge of the falls and looked down. The mist around the air lifted and the forest cleared. Both Will and Luca were gone, swept away by the current. Alec stood and wept. “I hope you find peace now, Luca.” He turned away from the waterfall and returned to Philip.
Philip reached for him and Alec picked him up, carrying him away form the clearing. “I love you,” Philip whispered with some effort.
“I love you too.” Alec kissed his forehead and walked on, descending carefully, guarding each step. 
Twenty

Weeks later, Alec lay in bed with Philip, arms wrapped around him. They’d just finished making love and took the moment to finally relax. He was done running. And they were home, where they belonged. Philip’s home had become Alec’s, but it wouldn’t be long before they would look for a place together. Alec was looking forward to that, to being an equal partner and sharing the responsibility with someone, fifty-fifty. For now, this was nice.
“I can’t believe how lucky I am,” Alec whispered into Philip’s ear, nibbling on it gently.
“We’re both lucky.”
“Do you know how amazing it is that we found each other?”
“Alec…”
“I mean it. Someone like you and me. You calm the beast within… without you I would be just like him.”
Philip shook his head. “Don’t ever say that.”
Alec looked down on Philip and hugged him tighter. “You may be the only man on the planet I can be with or love. I can’t even begin to think about what my life would have been like. I almost lost you. I can’t believe how stupid I was.”
“We both did stupid things. We’re okay now.”
“Yep, we’re more than okay.” He kissed Philip again on the top of his head, then his cheek, then his lips. He nuzzled against his chest.
A knock came to the door. “Hey, you guys,” Max called from the other side. “Come on, let’s go. We’re going to be late for the movie.”
“Coming!” they said together and laughed.
###
  Her eyes opened for the first time in a month and Rachelle discovered herself in a hospital room. Thunder crashed outside, her window vibrated, and she jumped. The rain pattered the roof hard. 
She looked around, and for just an instant, pain shot through her but was quickly replaced by an unbearable, insatiable hunger. It gnawed at the pit of her stomach. Splinters of a dream flashed through her mind. Flesh. Blood. Meat. 
Rachelle’s heart started thumping inside her chest, harder, faster. She felt it going out of control and she freaked. A screamed escaped her and the door to her room flew open.
“You’re awake again,” the nurse said. “Are you hungry now? You wouldn’t take anything that I brought.” The nurse walked over to check her blood pressure and Rachelle threw the covers aside and grabbed the nurse by the throat. 
A growl rose in her chest. Her hand transformed into a claw, fur spreading down her arm. The nurse tried to scream but Rachelle squeezed her throat harder.  She jumped up and threw the nurse across the room. The nurse hit the wall, falling unconscious as fangs sprouted from beneath Rachelle’s lips. She tasted something awful and growled again, staring at the nurse’s fallen body, wanting to rip into her but she resisted. 
Rachelle’s body quivered, her muscles flexed hard, tearing through her hospital gown. Her height doubled and her entire body was covered with fur. A commotion began rising in the hall and Rachelle ran toward the window, throwing herself out of it.
Glass rained down with Rachelle as she landed on her feet in the parking lot, the rain beating down on her as she ran off into the night. 
The Beast Within Trilogy continues with Book 2: Lure of the Beast.
Connect with J. Ashburn
Website: http://jashburnfiction.wordpress.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/jashburnfiction
Email: jashburnfiction@outlook.com








