Mara's Story UNABRIDGED
Copyrighted Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Janick knew that Lisa always liked wearing black, especially when reading in bed whenever she was sick from work helping her lawyer Father. He kept on seeing her wearing a black sleeveless top that highlighted her chest fully making his mouth water including a pair of underwear baring her seat but covering her front. This time from his observations she appeared to be recovering from an attack by three men while out jogging one morning the men trying to target her inappropriately. He saw her shiver visibly while in bed clutching the blankets to herself while having the lamp light on as he hid in her closet she not noticing him there. He recalled she he was following her unnoticed was on a paved scenic running trail in part of the city's park simply jogging her morning ritual of jogging every morning. He had to take breaks from being visibly following her just to keep people from nosily assumed that he was stalking her.
Janick recalled the attack from hearing loudly using his super hearing a male sneering voice "Ooh what do we have here a lady." 
He felt disgust to hearing the voice's tone as he heard the female took off into the forest crashing into bushes and trees loudly while hearing "Lady's taking off!"
He saw Lisa shake visibly while she rubbed a hand on her forehead while lying in bed blanket up to chest shivering. She had the lamp light on and saw her hit with hot and coldness abruptly by the blanket's removal and adding on back and forth. He assumed the hot and coldness was related to shock of the attack and not her Sonya change being complete from the smell of her filling his nostrils making him itching to mate but restrained himself. 
Janick recalled hearing a male voice speaking "Aha got a lady, Yippee." 
He heard a loud screaming help me sound loudly repeatedly sounding of Lisa's voice in panicky tone to his shock. He ran into the bushes using super speed hunting for Lisa by her smell as her panicky voice got cut off making him panic further. He felt relieved when he heard Lisa's noises of panic sounding like her mouth was covered continued. He tracked the sound to it source. 
Lisa recalled shaking with fear that the three men got a hold of her after she tripped over a root. She was trying to escape them targeting her inappropriately. The three men managed to get a hold of her and thrust her to stand. She recalled screaming for help while one of those men covered her mouth with his dirty hand seemingly disgusting to her. She exhaled a breath feeling relieved when some man appearing to look familiar came out of the bushes and with blurring speed punched the three men hard in the face appearing to knock them out unconscious. She recalled that the man was seemingly giving up feelings of familiarity to her with a face like she's seen him before while clad in black sweater seemingly of a cop to her, in blue sweats and white sneakers with a form indicating of muscles to her once he stopped his super speed blurring movements to show himself to her. She groaned recalling that her savior made a shooing gesture towards her to go away which she obeyed running all the way home. She exhaled another breath recalling on avoiding that trial and avoiding on running on it during periods of traveling outside for getting stuff she needed. Lisa groaned softly to herself.
Janick recalled the attack fully in his mind. He knocked out the men then shooed Lisa away to glare at the males lying unconscious onto the ground with disgust. He could smell that they stank of this drink of alcohol and some unwashed status. He recalled punching the males hard with his super strength enough to break their bones all over their bodies but ignored their heads just to keep them alive. Janick recalled fully that he darted to the apartment building where Lisa was living to check on her. He got inside via her fire escape to find her after a super speed search in her private room showering and looking upset that he didn't bother to reveal himself to her. Janick left her alone and went to his home another apartment in the building. Janick shook his head of the memory to mentally recall the package he left in front of Lisa's door ordered by her Father to drop it off. Janick eyed Lisa fully to recall getting Seaborg Mason's permission to bodyguard his daughter after asking the male for that job. He had managed to gain entrance inside via the fire escape through the living room window she not noticing him arriving into her apartment. Janick groaned seeing that Lisa wasn't interested in going to the front door to pick up the package. He quickly used super speed got out of her closet and into the hallway outside her apartment to ring the doorbell repeatedly.
Lisa exhaled a breath from the reverie of the attack shocked by her doorbell rang abruptly ringing seemingly lengthy breaking her thoughts shaking her in fear further. Lisa groaned when she felt herself compelled to go to the door of her two room apartment in New Jasonville City a bustling metropolis city. That was city home of her Father Seaborg Mason's lawyer business she worked with him helping out as his secretary. Lisa groaned as the doorbell continued to ring which she thrust the blanket aside to grab a pair of pajama pants to put on covering her black thong and ignored her tank top covering her upper body to get up and head towards the door. She groaned seeing that the door didn't have a peephole for her to peer out to see who was ringing the door. She groaned leaning against the door as the doorbell stopped to her relief. 
Janick sensed Lisa behind the door by his smell of her getting heightened. He quit the doorbell ringing to wait for her to answer the door. He ignored the package containing a book sitting on the floor in his messy handwriting addressed to her on it. 
Lisa eyed the door warily recalling the attack caused her to stay holed up in her apartment for a lengthy period. Her Father called out of a blue and insisted she go to his office to work. She remembered forced to obey to show up for the job of being his secretary as he worked in a lawyer firm. He she recalled sounded of parental authority onto her via cell phone call. 
Janick sensed Lisa walked away from the door to his annoyance rang it again and waited for her to turn the doorknob quickly getting himself out of sight. He stood back to the wall next to the door waiting for her to opening it.
Lisa went to the door and yanked it open finding no one in sight in the hallway as she peered out seeing doors to other apartments were shut and so was the stairwell door. 
Janick using super speed darted inside Lisa's apartment to stand behind her. He willed her mentally to look down to see the package on the floor to hear her groaning loudly. 
Groaning Lisa looked down as if compelled to find a package of a brown paper bag with words scrawled on it in some sloppy handwriting "To Lisa Mason, get well soon." 
She rubbed a hand on her forehead and then picked up the bag before shutting the door locking it by deadbolt lock. 
Janick darted into Lisa's bedroom hiding inside her closet waiting impatiently for her to arrive to there. He listened for the noises Lisa made into her apartment.
Lisa went to her dining table to thrust the bag on top. She peered inside to spot it contained a book from the looks of it. She exhaled a breath and inhaled to yank out the book seeing it looked brand new from the looks of it. 
The book was in hardcover with the cover featuring a purple blank color with words in golden cursive handwriting "My Vampire." 
Lisa found the author's name was Anna Alina also on the cover in cursive handwriting in the color gold with name seemingly foreign to her. She was not sure of ever heard of the author before. Lisa frowned but felt herself cold again including hot went into her bedroom taking the book with her. 
Janick felt relief seeing Lisa come into the bedroom carrying the book he left in a bag for her. He eyed her warily sensing she was annoyed.
She thumped the book down onto her bed stand as her cell phone rang its musical tone indicating of her Father calling. 
She picked up and spoke "Dad I'm not feeling well. So I'm just staying home for the day hence I not at the office." 
She paused for her Father's response to hear his voice always accented sounding European to her "That's good that you're staying home. I don't have to put up with the men showing up for frivolous cases just to ogle you. Then ask me if you're available for a date once you're out of the room as always. I'm getting fed up with this ridiculousness stunt pulled by those men. They always wasting my time and refusing to pay for services once they claim that they don't need a lawyer. I have to keep on sickening the cops onto them just to get them to pay the bill. It's annoying." 
Lisa sighed softly and spoke "Fine I'll see about dressing conservatively next time I show up for work at the office. It appears my clothes I'm wearing isn't up to your standards for office work hence the men ogling me." 
She paused as her Father spoke "Just quit it with the really short skirts or dresses whatever they are including those revealing tops you've been wearing for the office. I keep getting tempted to fire you every time you show up wearing those inappropriate clothes. I don't think your Mother rest her soul would have agreed with you wearing those clothes anyway." 
Lisa rolled her eyes at the mention of her Mother due to recalling that her Father recently admitted to her that her Mother was really alive. Her Mother actually according to her Father was working as an actress as some blonde with surgery implants in her to alter her appearance all over the place. She recalled being told by her Father that her Mother name unknown to her despite repeatedly asked for a name had washed her hands of her Father and the daughter Lisa herself she bore. This was after two full years of being with him in a secret relationship according to her Father. She told her Father who told her that she broke the relationship off and told him to declare her dead to her daughter just to keep her daughter out of her life period. She stopped the eye rolling to recall that she read that some socialite name unknown kept having relationships with men as said via tabloids and newspapers sprouting them. This including doing some research on the socialite despite not told her Mother's name she used as an actress. She recalled coming upon information of some still unnamed rumored socialite having relationships with men and some of them resulting of having children one at a time with each man. She remembered reading that the socialite habitually after a two year courtship as always broke off the relationship. She according to the periodicals always saddled the men with the child while telling them to declare her dead to the child period. Lisa continued to recall according to her internet research this socialite not named she assumed was her Mother had repeatedly publicity denied being the child's Mother after the Father of the child confronted her publicity. This including using her well known public status involving charity work to get men off her back on helping them with caring for the child she saddled them. That involved courts by lawsuits pulled by the men involving the child as always gone her way by the judge siding with her as always. She recalled that the judge wound up forcing the men saddled with the kid to raise on a permanent basis as ordered by insisting on it. The judge after the order was done has always refused to hear the men's excuses of unable to care for the child and wanting the kid adopted out by threatening them with a money fine always in a really high thousand dollar number. She continued to recall hearing that the cops in whatever city the men were, were very picky onto the men to pay the fine and take care of the kid if they didn't agree to raise the child they were left to raise as ordered by the judge. 
Lisa heard an ahem noise from her Father on the phone which she spoke "Fine Dad I'll see about wearing some coverage when I show up for the office work tomorrow." 
She frowned as her Father spoke "By the way did you get the book I sent you via your bodyguard David to drop it off?"
Lisa formed a glare on her face as she spoke sounding annoyed on the phone "Yes I got the book. I'm fed up with being hounded by a hoodlum in black. Can't you get David to dress better instead of looking like some hoodlum?"
Janick fumed to himself at the insult word of hoodlum she kept referring him despite him known as David her bodyguard.
She kept the glare as her Father spoke "Just read the book I sent you."
She opened her mouth to speak and heard the dial tone in her ear slammed the cell phone down after pressing a button onto her bed stand. 
She spoke out loud "Drat Dad for not always answering my questions as usual. Dad keeps on always ignoring those questions and comments. I bring up the subject of David to his face, Hmph!"
Lisa recalled meeting David days after the attack by the men in the forest, in her Father's office. She recalled on meeting some male some similar height as her. He she saw was dressed entirely in black with a hooded leather closed jacket and some apparent winter weather mask covering the face entirely including sunglasses covering the eyes and had on dressy office pants, some thick gloves and boots while having arms folded with a form that was indicating of muscles to her. She recalled the male had on her asking questions aimed at him on his identity refused to bare his face or head or eyes to her.
She fumed recalling to only to get put off by her Father telling her "Quit asking him those questions, Lisa. This is David as he's known publicity by people and should be known by you as your bodyguard."
She had given off a Harrumph in response as her Father added "Lisa Norway Mason put up with the bodyguard now. I as your Father insist you accept him period." 
She groaned hearing her Father speak her full name with Norway as her official middle name. He refusing to explain why he gave her that odd middle name despite it part of a nation called Scandinavia's national state territory in Europe. He always balking on her asking for the origin of her middle name whenever she asked him. Lisa shook her head of the memory to recall herself spied on by David still using his covered up gear. 
Janick remembered ordered by Mr. Mason to follow Lisa every where period even in public. He recalled following Lisa clad in a hat with a scarf covering her face and clothes highlighting her figure that covered up her skin and sunglasses on while in public among the sunlight. He was always covered up in his gear people ignoring him covered up as always like he hoped. He recalled Lisa catching him behind her trailing her too close to her standards to the point that she kept waving a finger aimed at him. He recalled some more that any attempts to ditch him failed. This included she seen ducking among the crowd walking and going into stores or restaurants to duck out via another entrance, even disappearing into ladies' restrooms in stores or restaurants weren't doing anything to get rid of him. Janick frowned seeing Lisa folded her arms with annoyance sensed running through her. He recalled that he always seemed to anticipate her ditching attempts. He always fully knew what she was about to do and was always in sight such as she ducking through a major store to ditch him among the crowd on the sidewalk including going out another entrance only to find him in sight on the sidewalk standing with arms folded. Him standing among the walking crowd ignoring him going around him and seemingly uncaring that he was a hoodlum according to her in his get up. 
Lisa gave her head a shake of no then eyed the book warily to pick it up and formed a grimace on her face. She seeing the blank purple colored cover with its golden cursive writings on it and groaned out loud. 
She added "It's got to be some poorly accepted by the public novel. This judging by Dad sickening me to read it like he always does with books poorly received by public onto me. Oh, why does Dad have to be so cryptic on what he expects me to do such as reading this book and not always giving me a full good explanation?"
She held the book and took a look at the back finding nothing to indicate its story to her. Groaning Lisa went to her bed to drop the book onto the covers and stripped herself of the pants tossing them aside onto the floor of her messy bedroom and got into bed. 
She picked up the book and mumbling out loud "Anyhow I hope this book amuses me. I'm not keen on going outside for anything for awhile."
She shivered recalling the attack fully in her mind again and grabbed the blankets wrapping one of them around her as she sat crossed legged and opened the book beginning to read it.
Janick eyed Lisa listening to her mental voice of reading the book fully in her mind.

Mara's Story 

My name is Mara as dubbed by the natives in this military camp. I've been dubbed that name for as long as I remember. 
I keep trying to change that name despite people saying "Your name is Mara period." 
I'm aiming to describe a part of my life despite having problems of not receiving the love status I craved from people. All I've been getting is rejection from males and females including people who raised me. 
I was formerly living homeless in some shanty town which I got taken in by a female soldier who took pity onto me begging for love from anyone in this forsaken town. The female via gun got me into her jeep and got me into a military camp that was some military group of animalistic females from the looks of them changing into a wolf and back in front of me via introduction. Unfortunately I lost my hearing in my ears and couldn't hear a thing said. One of those females handed me a laptop and proceeded to teach me how to communicate via it. 
I wound up typing "I want love."
The females who taught me to type ignored that status by shutting the laptop and erasing my work including their work. I was forced to stop typing that sentence to them despite typing it down to myself. 
I wound up told via typing "You're looks of your appearance of Human black eyes that seemed intense looking and black hair with pale white like skin color. It was what the male species dubbed Bloody for one and Bloodies for more than one, were looking for in a female when it comes to getting paired with their life mates. This despite this pairing oddly involved matching people together judging by how capable they'll be personality wise." 
They wound up typing "We call this appearance status by females by this word of Sonya we're unsure of where it comes from." 
This despite not getting an answer from anyone while living in this military camp I'm living at the moment.
I wound up typing down what I could type without erasing my work even interrupted by one of them typing "You'll be paired with a life mate a Bloody once it's obvious he can arrive to the mating place for this."
I at the moment don't care about the pairing capability as long as this male Bloody gets it the Human term "I love you" towards me. 
It's something I've been seeking all my life from the moment I was old enough to understand that term as a youngling year old seeing it displayed from people. That despite not getting the words and seeing it among people giving that love status towards each other which makes me want that myself. I didn't feel like listing the day I did my typing in here. Or typing it in an order of story went by. I'm just typing all over the place at the moment with whatever I could remember and save despite this laptop kept on being yanked from me and shut in half erasing my typing. I find I have to retype what I typed over and over. That typing and interruption have me suspecting people have gotten nosy enough to read my typing onto this laptop computer they gave me, hence others noticing that nosiness and erasing my work to keep them from reading it. It's while trying to communicate wordings towards me despite my hearing problem. Their still not realizing that I could lip read people's lips and hear male Bloodies' mental talk chatter very clearly. I also keep getting talk words of fucker and fucking including shitty and shit in some nasty tone via Bloodies despite unsure of what it means. Not sure what those words meant except I do know that fucking is another term for sex or mating. The Bloodies when I met them appeared to have twin skin colors as mine and intense black eyes creeping me out. They wound up using the laptop to type words on it using the inappropriate language uses, just to talk to me despite me able to hear them blasting in my mind. I have to confess I do know what the words on the screen meant enough to read and register it including knowing what words to type in response. That's due to taught by a couple who taught me the natives' language to read but didn't bother to teach me how to write in it. The military camp's inhabitants managed with a great deal of effort to teach me how to use the laptop computer as they call that thing. They even further explained it's for use as my communication method to people. As in I typing down my requests to show towards people and them doing the same. Their still ignoring the fact that I can hear Bloodies' chatter all over the place mostly focused onto males despite hearing nothing involved with the females. I haven't gotten an explanation to this despite trying to ask people via questions typed onto the laptop they refusing to answer. 
They have instead had typed back this excuse to me "Male Bloodies can't verbalize their words. Male Bloodies can only communicate via mental talk towards other males including their female their paired with but not with other females. There's exceptions of females that are relative to them as in a sister can hear them talk like their her brother only." 
I also was told "Any male who can communicate with all females have to have some special mental ability. The mental ability is mostly involving their eyes' change from black looking to all red color. The ability gets the Bloody male to be declared King and leader of all the Bloodies." 
I wound up typed by one of the Bloodies telling me "The King has his home base is in Brazil and not elsewhere due to indicating he's a purebred Bloody vampire by the eyes' changing ability." 
I haven't gotten an explanation of why this purebred status was declared. I wasn't told the reason why they gave this King leadership to Bloodies displaying this mental ability. Also I was put off on wanting to meet the King himself. I wanted to know what he looked like out of curiosity hitting me by people ignoring my typed questions on wanting to meet him. 
I was typing habitually questions "What does the King look like?"
"When can I meet him?"
"Why is he our King?"
They have seemingly acted nervous whenever my questions was brought up each time I mentioned it. They have acted out some religious move of hand over their heart and glancing at the sky before ignoring the questions and sometimes walking away from me. That's due to not willing to answer it or sometimes deleting the question I typed on the laptop. Oh well I guess I'll have to find out later about this. 

I've been having dreams of myself as another person other than myself as Mara but not sure why. 
I recalled in the dream I yelled "Blast the horse!"
The horse I was on reared up nearly knocking me off its back. I kept a hand hold on the reins forcing myself to stay on the horse's saddle. I gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs, I assumed it was a female. 
I eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of me eyed them with the moonlight shining overhead despite not having night vision in the dream. I recalled I had night vision while living in this military camp. 
I narrowed my eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby. The rumbling was making my senses blare warning giving me a fearful feeling. I continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a group of males I assumed they were men, wearing masks over their torn armored clothes, assumed as bandits. 
They gave up "Surrender your gold or else!" 
I wound up eyeing the bandits with disgust. I eyed the males that charged towards me while giving off sounds that made me think it related to foreign language talk. I'm not sure what they said despite hearing in my dreams. I don't have a hearing ability at the moment. 
I forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with my feet hearing her whinny sound of terror to me. I felt further disgusted as I looked behind to see the bandits were giving chase on foot while shooting arrows aimed at me. I stiffened sensing that they were targeting my horse judging by the lowness of the arrows aiming towards her instead of at me. 
I allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till I heard a sound that seemed familiar to me but wasn't sure what it was despite hearing it via dream. I felt compelled to follow the sound, guided the horse towards it. I saw a short stone wall blocking my way in the distance urged the horse to jump over it. I found my order obeyed finding myself and the horse falling into a river which I clung to the horse in a tight grip as we splashed. I felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as I and she reached the surface.
I heard the bandits on the shore, roar off sounds of frustrations to me behind me. As the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. I looked behind me with frustration seeing the bandits on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away while shooting arrows. I found their arrows were going into the water and appearing to avoid hitting me. I would have to take another route through the forest to get to my unknown destination. 
I wound up spoke out loud "Ouch, the bandits for ruining things." 
I heard a soft whinny sound from the horse gently patted her on the side.
I spoke out loud "It's a holiday today involving the God, King dubbed Nightwalker. I don't care what people say I'm not showing up for that event of breeding to be paired to a male via body genes wise. Hence I on this horse ride away from the city of Rio Pluto. I couldn't get a ride out, from the natives fearful of hidden monsters sucking people's blood in the jungles. I'm stuck to use this horse as a means of travel to get to Janeiro and avoid this ridiculous breeding."
I quit my chatter, gently patted the horse on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. I reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. 
Till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating Humans, bandits, hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the plants rumbling in front of them abruptly. I stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting me felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a Human, a vampire from the looks of him having ragged clothes, with pale skin not seen the sun and glowing red colored eyes with black hair, and fanged teeth that gave up rumbling growls. 
I eyed the vampire warily to toss a knife aimed at the vampire's heart area. I found the knife entering the vampire's front finding the vampire tumbling backwards into the bushes. I wound up urging the horse to gallop away ignoring the vampire male I assumed was knocked down via the knife to chest. I urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view despite sensing her indicating of being followed. I sighed and guided the horse over the narrow stone bridge that seemed to be made for the natives on horse back to travel over the river. I reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest. 
I forced the horse to gallop in the steamy heat drying me from the river's wetness. She again halted the riding by rearing up. She again indicated people hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the greenery rumbling in front of them abruptly. I stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting me felt the mare's nervousness. As the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a familiar male appearing to be a vampire from the looks of him, I recognized was the one I met and knifed. I felt disgust finding the vampire had a knife sticking out of the shoulder area, I out of knives to throw. The sick vampire from the looks of him wound up, bared its fanged teeth gnashing them together along with repeated mouth open gestures. I urged the horse in another direction away from the vampire who gave up a loud ear shattering roar behind me. 
I allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and myself. I looked behind to see the vampire was behind us running after us while gaping his mouth open and shut with tongue sticking out at each open mouth gesture. 
I stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting me shifted to face the front while riding the horse. I heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of crickets sounding. Along with nothing to indicate of loud breathing from the horse and myself as I gasped for air mouth breathing hard with panic set in. I urged the horse to continue galloping. 
I heard what sounded of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind to see the vampire hadn't given up chase. I felt himself more nervous from the river's noises than the chasing vampire.
I groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing another roar from the vampire behind. I adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes. I wound up sensing her panicky to me along with hearing another roar from the vampire behind me still chasing. I found to my fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. 
I urged the horse to follow the cliff's line thinking to myself "There's got to be a way for me to get across safely." 
I heard the vampire roar behind me followed by silence as I urged the horse to halt and turn around facing while pulling out my sword. I kept a firm hand on the reins eyeing the vampire that came into view charging towards me. 
I raised my sword and waited as the vampire pounced jumping in the air towards me. I swung my sword as the vampire and I collided then I woke up gasping with sweatiness hitting me. 

One day I pestered a military commander I dubbed Missy despite unable to get a name from her, of an all female military group "What about me having any city living?" 
My question was via typing to her on the laptop thrust in her face. 
She kept typing in response "I'll find out." 
I kept having nightmares of this vampire killing my hearing via roaring including another dream of something I'm not sure what it was. I figured I'll type it down instead. I saw via dream of something metallic and rough going through the ocean waters was a like a sea vessel ship. The ship went up and down the moving ocean and the dream shifted to show inside a room were two figures. 
One of them spoke “Again Mara.” 
Ordering to a young woman I saw through the mirrors with blond and black hair and black eyes with a Human appearance of a full grown adult female was myself that was kicking hitting the punching bag.
I gave a yell “Hiya!”
With a kick the bag with such force that it swung and fell off the hook attached to the low ceiling. 
The sensei master a male with almond shaped eyes of all blue and a bald head devoid of hair spoke again “Good now do the push ups about ten of them.” 
I groaned sweat glistening off of my face and skin of my felt clothes, of a tight tank top and shorts stuck to my body. I fell towards the ground and started pushing up and down while counting out. 
The sensei told me “Take a rest, Mara.”
I sighed at the name stuck to me like glue, and went to get a drink bottle attached to the wall and pulled it off with a ripping sound. I stood feeling the swaying motions of the sea as the battleship went up and down from being on the water. I slowly drank the soft drink trying not to gulp it as I watched the Sensei my mind identified as Master Mo, stood watching me. He and I were in a grey padded room with pads on the floor and on the walls with drinks attached. I sat down resting while slowly drinking my drink. 
I frowned thinking to myself thoughts surprising me “Master Mo took me in, after a vampire attacked the shanty town I was living in. He claimed that he found unconscious barely alive almost to the point of having blood drained among the natives of the town, dead from being drained by a vampire controlled by its lust. He's currently training me to help out the United States' Police force in the annexed state territory of Brazil in South America, having problems of rogue vampires. I'm receiving this training and once I'm ready I'll be sent to the mainland Brazil to hunt vampires and put them down on a permanent basis.” 
I recalled to myself as if compelled that it had been one planet Terra's standard year since I was found by Master Mo, as he dubbed himself to me. The sea vessel I remembered, I and Master Mo were on, was a training facility for slayers of vampires the police force. The battleship was on the seas was searching for something sensors flaring underwater for rogue vampires that might take residence there from the sun's burning to ash rays. 
I frowns thinking lost in thought as I added to myself thinking of my dream “There’s a male out there who’s my destiny.”
I recalled having visions of this male with red eyes and a Human like appearance in my mind despite displaying vampire teeth. 
I had asked my master “Will we find any vampires in the sea, Master?” 
A feeling of dread came to me as he answered “I don’t know, it depends on whether we can find them or not.” 
I frowned and said “What about this vampire in my mind giving me visions of him?”
Master Mo stared at me with widen eyes and asked her “Where did you get this vision?’
I replied “In my dreams there’s this man appearing to be a vampire. The dream shows his face as Human like with all red eyes and he's got fanged teeth-” 
Master Mo interrupted “Describe his clothes please.” 
I spoke "I can't see if he's got any clothes on his form. The vision appears to be underneath the moonlight while he's coming up from a body of water. Not sure if it's a lake or ocean and he appears to be naked in fully glory and very handsome to me." 
Master Mo, I heard gave up a sound of disgust and spoke loudly “The Brazil Kata practice continues.” 
I groaned and resumed my fighting moves with Master Mo calling out corrections. 
Later after practice, I went to shower in my small box room quarters. 
Coming out of the shower stall of my small bathroom I thought “I wonder who is this male that’s in my dreams?”
Sighing I changed into a jumpsuit of green and wearily lay on the bed falling asleep. 
In my dream I was standing in a great vast field of water as far as I could see. I was standing on the water like floating on top. I turned around as if compelled to see the familiar vampire male coming out of the water behind me with his face bare with long silky like black hair and he had all red eyes with a Human face and Human ears. He, I saw as always in my dreams was naked coming out of water in front of me to stand on it floating. Then the scene changed to the top of a cliff with a view of mountains in the distance. I stared at the view and looked at the male this time clad in some kind of outfit that made me think it was girlish. His clothes were of a golden skirt wrapped around his waist appearing to reach his knees. He had a crown of the sun on his head with feathers of a talker bird that can speak Human language sticking out of it. He also had a necklace around his neck with a pendant of an eye in golden creeping me out seeing that.
I did feel myself afraid instead I asked “Who are you?”
The male responded “I come in many names for I have only one name I answer to for I am your deity God Lord who you'll only worship to me.” 
Saying this I woke up gasping from sweats to see Missy standing there staring at me. 
I grabbed the laptop and typed “Missy, what is it?”
Missy without a word shook her head and slowly left the bunkroom leaving me confused while sitting on my bed that was in the corner of the room appearing to be kept apart from the other females. I felt confusion hitting me on the dream so I wound up typing it down.
I frowned thinking “That’s three times I’ve woken up in sweats gasping with Missy seen staring at me. I wonder what’s going on.”
Yawning I felt tired so I lay down on the bed and stared at the walls with a frown as I thought of the male in my dreams, soon I was asleep as if drugged by a familiar drug into my arm to dream another dream.
I dreamed that I came to feeling pain all over. I cried out of pain while covered in a cloth shaking of hunger while seeing nothing but darkness. I felt a poke of an object poking me through the cloth and continued to shake of hunger. I felt myself lifted up and stopped my crying to groan as I felt the motions of being carried. This continued till the cloth was removed uncovering my face and eyes which I peered with curiosity to see a figure’s face I wasn't sure I remembered who it was. I, unsure of my name, felt an urge of hunger get stronger that I growled an animalistic sound while glaring at the face. I heard nothing but silence as the figure's face whose head turned to look at another direction. Then I saw others like the figure who stared at me. Then another figure as the first placed hands on my forehead forcing my eyes shut. I again felt hunger and gave up another growling noise and continued onto growling despite not sure why I was doing it. My senses alerted me of the smell of food which I think I gave off a slurping noise while licking my lips which the smell was cut off. I was rewarded when something was placed into my mouth which I greedily sucked the object and felt liquid entering me as my hunger began to wane like satisfied to my satisfaction. I gulped down the liquid helping my hungry like feeling and kept on gulping till there was no more. I felt the object removed from my mouth along with cloth resumed covering me cutting my eyesight off from seeing anything. I wound up getting an image of a figure in my mind I saw was a male still wearing the girlish clothes. I was unsure of why the male was in my mind or why my mind identified him as a male despite the girlish clothes that made me feel a feeling I didn't feel before but felt familiar. The image of the male showed him coming out of something that appeared smooth and blue while baring his body to me after removing his familiar clothes via tearing off methods. I with the cloth covering me licked my lips while eyeing the male as I felt an urge to want to lick the water droplets off his muscular chest, I shocked to feel that way. I found myself amused by the image of the male hitting my mind over and over while I remained contained in the cloth covering me only fed something liquid whenever I gave up my hungry cries. 
I found myself dreaming images of a male with fanged teeth giving him an odd feeling I confused to what it was that was flying in the air towards' my eyesight. I kept on recalling that the fanged male refused to budge from its charging instead aimed its teethed mouth towards my neck as if trying to bite when both of us collided. The feeling of terror involving being knocked off something by the fanged male I not sure what it was. Followed by swinging something shiny aimed at the male that knocked it aside as I was knocked to lie on the ground. I felt pain hitting my neck as the male succeeded into biting the area along with a familiar feeling of sucking despite unable to hear anything. I found myself still nervous as the fanged male was sensed excited via the sucking feeling it kept on giving off to me. 
I felt fear take control as there was a vibration felt I from the images in my mind wasn't sure what it originated as the male continued to suck me via the neck. I found myself recalling on passing out unconscious soon after the male a vampire, I unsure of where the word came from in my mind. 
I recalled waking up several times while carried by the vampire's hands slung over the shoulder. My eyes spotted a rope bridge my mind identified, coming into view and found the vampire going towards it. I found to my fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of it. I found the vampire got onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each footstep. I felt myself nervous abruptly from memory as the vampire slowly over the rope bridge, carried me. I forced myself not to look down at the river rushing down below, while carried. 
I glimpsed it in large heavy waterfall water falling down too many lengths for a manoid like me, to survive going down it I assumed judging by the distance. I felt vertigo from looking down making me feel dizziness. I forced myself to keep looking up concentrating onto the other side of where the rope bridge ended. I gulped air through my mouth as I felt the dizziness continue from the lack of blood hitting me. 
The vampire continued to walk on the bridge while feeling it sway from his movements tipping back and forth making me feeling further nervous and dizzy. I forced myself to breathe through my nose despite tempted to mouth breathe hard. I to my fear felt the familiar vibration and then the vampire set me down onto the bridge. 
I saw the vampire was looking around including looking to see who else was on the bridge with us as I lay onto the boards. 
I felt fear hitting me looked away from the waterfall and mentally urged the vampire "Just walk faster over the rope bridge. I'm finding us halfway through it."
I began to feel the bridge beginning to sag onto its side from the vampire's stopping movement. I found the vampire obeyed to my mental urging hurriedly got across after lifting me up to carry me. It was before I knew that vampires communicated via mental talk, mind to mind. I got the vampire onto land as there was another vibration felt and looked to find parts of the rope bridge was sagging on its side. I recalled as if compelled that I was carried through a cave entrance feeling myself still nervous from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making me feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. I found the dream images in my mind remained blank with darkness instead of telling me further as to what happened to me to wound up covered in cloth by Humans I figuring out who they were. They fed me nourishment I confused to what it was via a bottle with a nipple. I kept on remaining lying in the cloth due to instincts screaming at me to remain there cocooned.

Then I woke up by Missy pouring water over my face her ordering me via typing "Get up and go join the others in the jog around the compound. You look like you need it."
I wound up obeying to jog with the other females always last in the group despite three big females running in a line kept on punching anyone trying to get ahead of them. I found the jogging wound up jarring some memory in my mind I had to wait till I got back to the bunkhouse to type it down. 
Missy, once I was in the bunkhouse ordered me via snatching the laptop out of my hand's grip "Go take a shower. You stink."
I found that I had the fight to take a shower with the other females who used various combative art moves onto me. I found myself fighting back in moves some twin of theirs but they managed to keep me out of the shower room. I found myself last and having to put up with hot water in the sticky heat. It didn't help cool me down instead made me hotter. 
I forced myself to shower then went back to my bed finding Missy thrust the laptop back to me and typed "Just sit while I get you nourishment." 
I wound up typing the memory I had while jogging. 
In the memory I woke up to feel the battleship pitch to its side violently. I fell out of the bed and got up towards the door. 
The door slid open as a soldier an apparent Human from the looks of his tanned skin despite displaying all blue eyes, came holding the door as water came pooling in the room and gestured with a gloved hand.
I heard him yell words I hearing from memory “We must evacuate now!”
I ran to him falling onto the walls as water pooled into the room. 
The guard grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the room as I yelled “What’s going on and where is Master Mo?!”
The guard a soldier still gripping my arm proceeded to haul me towards a set of stairs as the ship pitched on its side violently spoke “No time to explain!” 
I followed him up the spiraling stairs towards a round door that he yanked open revealing the flat smooth surface of the ship where people I saw were running towards the life boats and fighter jet planes. 
The soldier grabbed me and yelled as he pulled me towards a jet “Get her on a fighter now!”
I could see that the ship tipping side by side very violently as waves of water lapped on the sides as another guard came helping me towards a jet. They settled me inside and I sat as the fighter jet turned itself on and started moving pass people running from inside the bowls of the battleship. With a burst of speed the jet rolled down the flat top of the surface of the battleship and flew into the air. 
I ordered as if knowingly “Jet circle.” 
The jet flying in the air circled around the scene. I watched as the battleship tipped towards its side and suddenly went into the ocean with an explosion of fire sinking into the waters below. 
“Master!" I yelled pounding on the window of the jet which suddenly stopped circling and took off in a direction in a fast speed move. 
I cried to myself as the jet flew speeding in the air on its unknown course. 
This time tears spilled from my eyes when I typed this down. I smelled blood and found Missy arrived into the bunkhouse carrying a bottle which she thrust to me and made a drinking sign. It took me a bit to figure out how to uncap the bottle and gulp down the liquid that tasted good to me. Then I capped the bottle and tossed it to Missy who caught it and walked out of the bunkhouse. I found the other females making gestures with their hands while staring at me via various eye points. I was confused and tried to type to them questions on their hand language but they would always close the laptop cutting off the questions. I would find the laptop's typed questions erased after I opened it while sitting in my familiar bed. I felt annoyance at the out casted status the females were doing towards me. Including balking on giving me declarations of love despite seeing two females kissing each other on the lips and appeared to be in love with each other. It annoyed me and made me miserable enough to want to get out of this military compound excuse of a camp and into city living. 
I started to pester Missy with typed requests: 
"When can I leave to live in a city?" 
"When can I leave?" 
"Can I leave now?" 
"I want to live in a city so when can you arrange that?"
Missy always typed back in response the same answer "I'll find out about that. You living here isn't good for you. Your not part of the army group and don't meet the requirements. You don't have any hearing via your listening organ." 
She kept on putting me off to the point that she got furious with me after a hundredth time of pestering her. I even wound up drugged while asleep from feeling of someone grabbing me in a tight ironclad hold. Hands covering my eyes as my right sleeve was rolled up followed by a prick of pain in my arm indicated a needle dart followed by sleepiness hitting me making me sleepier and sleepier till I passed out to unconscious status.

I wound up dreaming another dream this time I suspect was a memory.
In the memory I was grumbling to myself. It was moonlight since I was free of the cloth and dubbed the name of Mara and forbidden to travel during the sun was out by one of the Humans indicating it. One of the Humans who took care of me like a caretaker, I dubbed Grudik via lip reading people were calling him that after it took me a bit to figure out that I could lip read. I wound up gestured by Grudik not to go out into the sunlight. He made a point of having the sun shining over my arm via window and found red boils formed over the skin that stung me terribly. I recalled fully that my name was Mara as dubbed by the shanty town's natives and not as said by Grudik and his people who avoided calling me that. 
Instead Grudik and his people called me via some word that made me confused despite lip reading them saying "Demon.".
I had had tried to correct Grudik's name calling me by that demeaning demon name by trying to speak to him to call me Mara. I always was finding nothing to indicate of sound coming out of my lips when I moved them. I felt myself still angry about Grudik had ignored my requests for love declaration like I kept on pointing towards people in town doing it to each other. I wound up freed from the shack to stomp around the forest jungle remembering the natives of the town laughing at me as Grudik forced fed me via bottle that appeared to be for babies. I could see their smirks and finger pointing aimed at me as I was fed a baby's bottle in public in the setting sun. The setting sun was when Grudik made it clear is when I could be out among the town's people. I wound up leaned against a tree and leaned my head back staring at the sky shining moonlight. I heard a cry of distress which broke out of my reverie shocking me after not hearing anything. I shook my head and wandered further into the forest jungle till I heard another sound like a scream echoing in my head which I jogged towards the sound. Walking around the tree I heard a familiar roar and looked to see into a clearing with shock. A male Human with fanged teeth I recognized as a vampire, was on the ground as one of the town's people was edging towards him with a pitchfork that had his back to me, the vampire had fear on his face. I recognized Ein the leader of the town of Paola, as dubbed by the town's folk holding the pitchfork towards the vampire stabbing him in the side. The vampire again screamed out some nonsense sound echoing in my head making me feel sorry for him. Ein wound up stabbing the vampire with a pitchfork repeatedly over and over in some angry jerking move. I watched with horror as the vampire collapsing onto the ground and remained still as I heard an Ugh sound followed by silence. With a roar of anger hitting me I attacked the vampire's killer by grabbing Ein by behind in some tight grip. Ein tried to shake me off but I charged at him with a fast speed move. I charged at Ein who appeared to be busy poking the vampire with the pitchfork from the looks of him. I trapped the vampire's killer's arm and wound up putting my mouth onto his neck as if compelled. Catching Ein by surprised I opened my mouth and bit Ein's neck sucking the bloody essence from within. I felt blood lust in my veins. The blood sang to me and called me to drink more which I did sucking till I felt the body stopped its functions and ceased. Letting go I licked the puncture holed areas and then dropped the body while turning around to face people holding eater lights in their hands with a glare on their faces along with the others who were surrounding me.
One spoke I forced to lip read "Nightwalker, what have you done?"
I gulped seeing angry expressions on the town's people's faces. I could see Ein's female standing restrained by the others with hands covering her mouth she indicating of terror and shock. Her eyes I saw had anger in them like the others. 
I saw Grudik walk into view that I lip read "I saved Mara's life from a vampire and this is what she does to pay me back." 
I wound up exhaling a breath with upset feeling running through me and I looked at the ground where Grudik was pointing to see a body laying there of one of them with two puncture marks on the neck. I stared at with shock, aimed at Ein's lifeless body staring back at me with dead eyes. 
I felt ropes surrounded my body, and then I was grabbed and raised up above people’s heads by their hands. They took me towards the stocks where others stood watching with fear on their faces. I was hauled towards the wood while being stripped of my clothes revealing my bloated fat naked glory for all to see. 
They put me in the stocks and I protested again mentally yanking “Father, Mother! Don’t do this to me! Please don’t kill me! All I want is love! I'll do anything for love!”
I saw the elders with pointed ears and creepy all blue eyes, came forward and laid their hands on my head and I struggled with all my might to free myself, and then I felt myself falling into the ground falling into the darkness below and screamed which I woke up gasping again finding Missy staring at me. She as usual shook her head and walked away. I wound up typing this down onto the laptop and then thought of questions to pester Missy when she came back. 
She didn't come back till lights out is when she, I lip read her speaking "Lights out now!" 
I was too nervous to sleep so I laid in bed for a long time eyeing the ceiling till I felt something like a drug injected into my neck and I passed out unconscious. If I had a dream I don't remember it for I didn't wake up gasping. Instead I woke up with the same old ritual of exercising with the other females via jogging around the compound I always last then showering and given blood I assumed it was by Missy in a canister cup. I found that she ignored my repeated comments of wanting to leave for a lengthy time period.

I got my answer to my requests after another put off comment by Missy about city living after pestering her for another uncounted time. 
Missy woke me up while sleeping in bed during a nap her insisting on us females to take. She woke me up after too many uncounted mornings of her throwing me into military exercises with the group of females that didn't just include jogging around the compound. She was shaking me awake instead of doing her familiar pouring water onto my face as always to wake me up from a cup in her hand.
She typed onto my laptop ignoring that I could lip read her "Its time for you to leave training to go live into the city Rio Pluto as it's dubbed. Its required for new females to do after they receive the mandatory teaching and training from this camp so get up and follow me to a vehicle."
I obeyed to take my laptop and followed her to a covered tinted windowed jeep holding two male Bloodies inside to hear one blare at me "The fucker is coming for you. For the fucker will always find you no matter how you hide hah, hah."
This left me confused to what the Bloodies were referring to involving the word fucker as they drove me from the military camp onto a dirt road. I peering out to see shanty towns bordering the road the vehicle refused to stop for waving people gesturing for them. The driver kept on driving and seemed interested in mowing people down who would throw themselves out of the vehicle's path as always whenever it was aimed at them. I heard snickering like laughter from the Bloodies in the driver's seat and passenger's seat. The laughter wound up making me annoyed to hear that at each mowing down attempt. The driver kept on driving till we reached a smooth road that was colored grey. The driver easily drove on with multiple cars on it driving all over the place. I peered through the front window to see the road ended far ahead. I saw a city of buildings some tall and towering almost reaching the sky while appearing to be surrounded by a stone like wall around its borders. The city was showing nighttime despite the shining sun blaring outside brightly which I wasn't sure what was causing it. I wound up confused to why the city looked like it had nighttime blared on it as the vehicle reached the stone wall and drove with it on its right side. Me peering out the windows to stare at the dark city as the car drove. I kept on staring at it as the vehicle reached the entrance some stone tunnel and went through it. I peered through the front with yellow vision indicating of night vision to me. There weren't any lights seen in the tunnel as the vehicle drove through it. I spotted something misty in a break of the tunnel feeling confused to what it was. I eyed the fog I assumed was the mist as the vehicle went through it to find the mist traveled through the jeep and gave me some feeling of electricity to me by shocks to me. 
I wound up hearing from the Bloodies "Ooh that fucking smarts."
I wasn't sure what they meant involving sex as paining them involving the mist. It was confusing. I didn't say a word towards them as the vehicle left the tunnel. The vehicle entered the city showing it was completely dark with night vision still dominant as always. The vehicle continued driving on roads passed vehicles driving and driving all over the place till they stopped at a building. 
I was told "You're to take your fucking self and get out! Get inside the shitty building now!"
It was by the Bloodies sounding rude to me. They were using odd wording language rhyming with duck and it despite not sure what it means. I wound up doing that order. I obeyed due to not willing to argue with them to get inside. I found a large room and finding a Human male wearing goggles behind a desk dressed in a suit with a tie acting professional. 
I lip read him speaking this Brazilian language dubbed by the word Tago "You're to go to room one hundred and four. You're to take the stairwell route to the first floor to the room and knock onto the door three times in a code of four times repeatedly with a break in between knocking. So go away and do what I told you."
I was shooed away by him jerking a finger at a door with a sign above saying some wording in foreign language I unable to read. 
I wound up resuming looking at him, him saying "That's the stairwell so go now." 
I obeyed which I found the stairwell route using night vision to the first floor and found the room easily. The hallway was lighted by lights overhead to do what the Human said to do towards that numbered door. I wound up getting the door yanked open showing a Human male clad in military uniform that grabbed my arm and yanked me inside in a fast move.
I lip reading him "Get the fuck inside now!"
He wound up slamming the door behind me from the vibrations felt with such force. He gave me a short dress that seemed to have a number of twenty first on the back of it blared in black ink. 
He then ordered me lip reading in Tago language "Go into the bathroom, to take a shower. Clean you fully include putting the dress on your form."
I found no lights used while in there and finding nothing to indicate the light switch or a mirror. I cleaned myself the best I could and put on the dress finding it didn't include any undergarments for wearing. I found it barely covered my breasts and only covered my nipples. The dress seemed really short like almost baring my seat. I felt confused to as to what I would be wearing on my feet. 
I left the bathroom to get ordered "You're to sit in a chair."
The chair was in front of a mirror in front of it that showed my form fading in and out to my confusion and receiving no explanation to that. This despite trying to type questions aimed at the male and he kept on deleting the questions after manipulating the laptop. As for the deleting I even got that when I asked him for his name the male refusing to give me a name. This despite me typing questions aimed at him he kept up the deleting and continuing on styling my hair from the feel. He was felt manipulating my head in various positions to cut my hair that had apparently reached mid length my back again. It's something I didn't notice and felt that the cutting was going to be a short chin length. It was from the feel of the hair cut all at one line around that area on my head. 
This was followed by the male speaking to me in Tago, me forced to lip read while in front of me "Hold your hair while I braid it."
I found was contained together in a hair band. I obeyed to see him adjust the hair band till it was nearly to the end of the cut end and then braided it with me holding one end by one hand. I also watched as he put a hair band on the braided end. He wound up putting the hair in a bucket on the table that appeared to contain some watery liquid I unsure of what it was. I didn't bother to ask him due to pretty sure that he won't be answering my questions as he resumed styling my hair. I wound up declared done by the male I lip reading him. He gave me a pair of sandals that appeared to be thick and rubbery from the feel and going to a phone. 
I lip read him talking in Tago language him facing me "Twenty one is ready for the hunt to begin. Come pick her up for driving her to where she's to stay on as her home base in the city till the assigned Bloody catches her for a feeding." 
I stiffened from his words feeling myself nervous, as the male hung up the phone and folded his arms. He appeared to stare at the door to the room seemingly lengthy ignoring me, till a light from above flashed. The Human went to the door yanking it open showing two Human females in military uniforms. The male gestured me out of the room by jabbing a finger aimed at me and towards them while giving me a glare. 

I wound up following the females out of the room taking another route out of the building to the back entrance. That's judging by the dumpster seen with multiple vehicles parked underneath the glare of spotlights all the same appearing to be covered jeeps with black tinted windows and getting inside a jeep despite it giving off flashing lights. That's due to one of them holding a device in her hand which once the vehicle flashed its lights we went to it and I got inside. I peered through the red front window illuminating everything in a daytime vision despite unsure of why I had night vision and those Human females didn't have that at all. I was curious as to where that came from and wondering if it's from having a Bloody ancestor in my family. I wasn't sure due to growing up alone in a shanty town near a muddy road raised by various people including an old woman who dubbed her name of Elizabeth in my presence. It was before I lost my hearing to a vampire's roar. She taught me some hand gestures to communicate my wants towards the shanty town natives despite balking on teaching me the spoken language. The hand gestures involved when I wanted food and a place to sleep. I wound up teaching myself the ability to lip read in the process of being cared by her till she passed away via vampire attacking the shanty town I was in and I nearly drained to death. 
I broke my thoughts to pay attention around me, I wasn't sure where we were going trying to memorize the route till we arrived at a building via back entrance with a dumpster there indicating it. 
I given a set of keys having the number of twenty one on it and told "The key leads to an apartment with the same number on the door. So get out of the car and get going now. Oh if I were you I would avoid taking the elevator. Bloodies in their hunting for feeding have caught their assigned females in there for a fucking, if you get my meaning. Also the apartment is on the same floor as it's numbered in the twos so take the stairs and get out now."
Needless to say I didn't protest to the command and got out of the car to see it driving away with nothing to indicate of headlights on blaring from it. 
I was forced to go inside the building and taking the stairs finding the door to the apartment's floor was the second floor that wasn't lighted. I having to use night vision including a small flashlight attached to the keychain for reading the stairwell's doors' numbers. That's from them blending with the door I unable to read. That despite my night vision, I found the same thing happened to the doors' apartments. I had to use the flashlight to read them till I came upon the numbered door and unlocked it by key to walk inside. Finding it contained a small one room apartment with a small loft holding a ladder towards it I peeked, after yanking off the shoes having a bed on it with pillows and blankets. I also did some exploring and couldn't find any lights to indicate seeing via day vision. I found the window was having some filmy gauze over it blocking my view of outside. I also found a small bathroom that didn't contain a tub but had a small shower stall including finding no kitchen unit in the apartment. I also couldn't find anything indicating on any clothes for me to wear for bed or just around the apartment. Hmph plus the apartment had an armchair. I found an electric socket behind the armchair in the wall and plugged into the laptop finding everything of my work I already typed was already still there. Besides I'm tired so I might as well go to bed and get some sleep, will type more lately next time I use it.

I didn't get much sleep as I liked due to woken up from another dream including sweating from hunger like pains hitting me oddly focused onto my abdomen area unexpectedly. A dream of smells water and rocking of a boat came to my mind. I in the dream opened my eyes with no memory like a newborn and sat up from the small boat that surrounded me, that was speeding through the water on a river it on a course to someplace. Wrapped around my body was a large piece of cloth which I shrugged off showing my naked form still in it's bloated from drinking blood status. I swatted my long black waist length hair from around my face. I looked around with a new eyed wonder at the vast forest jungle on the banks of the river's water lapping against the boat as far as I could see. I was tempted to stick my hand in the water but some instinct prevailed as I felt something rocking against my naked form in the boat. I touched the object to see it was round and circular with a soft tip peeking out of one end. Inside the object was some liquid attached to it was a ropey like object which I followed with my eyes to see it was wrapped around my left swollen ankle. I sat in the boat with confusion on my face. I frowned trying to name the object that the rope was attached to my leg but couldn’t name it. I sighed exhaling some air in the silence of the waters lapping against the boat despite still unable to hear anything. I wound up trying to listened hearing nothing but silence till I sensed a light flashing as indicating of a beeping object as I looked to see something shining floating in the water a few arm lengths away from my boat. The shining thing I saw was flashing an orange color despite night vision seen and no moon shining that night and was following the boat. I leaned towards one end of the boat to see a thick wire like rope was attached to the boat through a round hole. I looked at the thing flashing in the water and pulled at the rope which cut my left hand. I stared at the liquid slowly dripping from my hand with shock and stared at the canister which held liquid appearing to be twin to the liquid. I wound up sensed some sense in me calling me to lick the liquid with made me lick my lips. I reached forwards and licked my hand. The taste was familiar. I watched as the liquid on my hand stopped dripping as foam covered the cut area. With a mental growl I lifted up the round and circular object and held it up. I could see the liquid in it was a dark color in my yellow night vision. I looked at the canister with a frown then let it drop in the boat. The stars of night appeared to be forming as the moon in the sky shined abruptly despite still not cancelling my night vision. 
I woke up from the dream while in the loft bedroom. I wound up lying down closing my eyes as a dream came to me in my mind with confusion to me. The dream showed a figure my mind identified as a naked male with long hair like mine standing there facing me in a vast field water of one color appearing to look blue. The male was not ashamed of his appearance. He held up his right hand and I reached forward to take it with my left hand. 
I saw him open his mouth I lip read “Beloved.”
I woke up with a gasp from the dream as I wound up going to the laptop to type this down. I wound up recalling as if compelled that I was still on the boat staring at the night sky with a frown thinking of nothing but wondering where I was going via the sea vessel. I looked around with clear night vision coming onto me as I saw in the water escorting my boat in the memory, smooth like creatures that appeared to be smiling as they swam next to the boat, I to this day don't even know what they are. One of them threw itself into the air with an arc like circle design as the other creatures did the same. Another lifted itself up to hover in the water by the bottom of the tail and flicked its self looking at me in the boat. I stared at the hovering creature having a smooth shiny form with a fin off its back, who then threw itself backwards into a twisting flip. Other creatures escorting did the same as if they were looking at me. I looked as I saw them turn away swimming towards the horizon as the boat reached endless moving water as I saw something flashed like the thing attached to the boat on the darken horizon. I leaned in the boat watching the flashing light come waving nearer towards me blinking off my night vision on and off. I sat in the boat feeling a familiar rumbling vibration as the large flashing light came towards me nearer and nearer appearing to cut off my night vision. The flashing light was attached to a large object which I saw was designed like my boat but bigger. I flinched from the brightness of a light shined in my eyes temporary blinding me. I felt a familiar vibration and watched as the boat reached my small boat. Then I felt some prick of pain on my left shoulder to see a round cylinder object sticking out of my shoulder. I growled angrily from the pain out some sound showing fanged teeth. 
I heard a word spoken as sleepiness overcame me “Beloved.”
I woke up feeling the familiar abdomen cramps and opened my eyes to discover myself still in the armchair and appeared to have fallen asleep midway via the typing on the laptop. 
I recalled fully in my mind when I woke up via drugged status I found myself in another shanty town. Light of the day shined in the small rounded window of the shack I was in. I stood up, found self wearing some skinned clothing that covered my chest and sensitive parts including reached my knees. My senses told me that the covering were vital to my survival. I walked around feeling the walls they were cool to the touch. I looked to feel vibrations coming from a wall from behind. Part of the wall slid opened to show a humanoid figure I later recognized as an Elder of the shanty town that took me in that was dressed in dirt colored clothes and had dirt colored skin and had long night colored hair like his with streaks of grey in it, which was pulled back. 
My mind identified him via wording "Tanaka"
It was to my confusion as Tanaka spoke words with me lip reading “Mara, if you want anything you just have to ask.” 
I stared at the Tanaka and mentally tried to make gestures towards him as in saying “Someone to love me and me to love back.” 
Tanaka spoke with me lip reading “I get it what you're saying.” 
Although I wasn't sure if he really got what I was saying via hand gestures or trying to mouth it via lips. 
I paused from the typing finding I couldn't sleep anymore from the pain getting too much for me. I wound up getting up from the armchair to sit on the floor typing. I was trying any position to ease my stabbing pains but I couldn't concentrate very well. I think I might be forced to travel outside around the city looking for nourishment. It could as well be blood from anything or whatever catches my nose. Ugh I don't have a choice but to go outside and get this nourishment taken done. Also I have to add to seeing couples not caring on where they are lying on the ground doing fucking, even on roads where cars were driving swerving around them to avoid hitting them. That road fucking has me confused to why couples couldn't do it in some place safe and out of harm's way, such as apartments instead of all over the place. I got to go out and get nourishment. Besides I aim to get this male assuming I'm targeted for a fucking to get it that I want the words 'I love you' from him other than used for sexual favors. Ugh type later.

I went out with the keys attached to my dress's strap by keychain hook to find the front entrance to the building indicated it some older building from the looks of it to wander around. I find that my night vision did well enough for me to see where I was going but seen stores and them having signs were blended with the walls so I had to use the flashlight to read them. That besides they contained finding bouncers at each of them all males that barred me from gaining entrance and seemed to indicate that the place of business only involved males only to use for drinking drinks and bars. I assumed were for males to hang out while they were out searching for their assigned female. I found after a lengthy search all over the place ignoring coming upon couples in fucking rituals males touching the females all over the place with their hands and mouths. Not sparing the females' breasts and nipples bore for all to see while they were lying on the ground appearing to be used for the males' to do sexual acts onto them. I found the female didn't seem to resists to the male using them for fucking to my confusion. That the city has nothing to indicate anything for females to gain nourishment or hanging out together and found that the city seemed totally male dominated period from my explorations. I also spotted females each walking alone in the city dressed like I was having twin dress like mine along with twin hair cuts as me but having different numbers on their dress's backs. I glimpsed the numbers on them that was scattered anywhere from number twenty as the lowest number glimpsed to three hundred as the highest number seen. I figured out that females only enter the city in a male's hunting females for sexual urges game. I found the females like the way I was feeling weren't interested in talking to each other instead just appeared to look nervous while glancing around including some seen having big scared expressions on their faces I finding myself not nervous despite sure that I was brave. I spent time wandering around feeling my feet started to complain from the shoes. I walked back to the apartment building making a beeline towards it on the main roads despite cars driving on them and driving on the sidewalks to avoid couples on them. I didn't feel any inclination to stay out any more so I walked to the apartment building to find the front entrance locked and refused to grant me entry. I had to wander around the building looking for an entrance inside. I found the familiar back entrance alley way to spot a female walking out heading towards my direction she not looking at me only to get pounced from behind a male appearing to be a Bloody wearing a hooded cape I assumed the color was black due to appearing to blend in with the surroundings and appearing to be wearing nothing else on. Him getting her onto the ground onto her back she not giving resistance in response and from the looks of it were busy in some fucking mating ritual, the female looking like she was enjoying it, while the male was acting animalistic having hands and mouth all over the place but the male was refraining from tearing off her dress from the looks of the scene. I felt myself rather annoyed seeing that went into the alley way to get a creepy feeling of being spied on. I recognized whenever I lived in shanty towns as a youngster till fully grown the feminine form is when I finally recognized the feeling. I looked up looking around to spot a ladder like structure attached to my home building including spotting what I assumed was my window from the looks of it. I continued to feel that creepy watched feeling till I reached the back entrance of the building to find the door easy to open. I went inside again taking the stairs to my apartment while feeling something or someone was following me from the creepy feelings still hitting me despite looking behind. That despite seeing no one in sight or any signs of anyone to indicate on who was following me as I went to my apartment to unlock the door yanking it open along with removing the key. I wound up only to get pushed inside by hands masculine and big felt onto my back along with continued pushed into the apartment a bit while feeling the door slam shut behind from the vibrations. I dropped the keys and got thrust onto the rugged floor onto my back and found the male getting on top of me to get inside me giving me feeling of pleasure each time he entered me as he didn't spare touching me all over with his hands while still thrusting inside me. That including stripping me of the dress and himself yanking off that hooded cape to toss both aside while he kept up the thrusting inside me, I found my hungry feelings hitting me stop abruptly, along with a feeling of realizing that my hungry feelings were my body giving off feelings of needing to mate period. The male silently kept up the mating not commenting a word towards me including appearing to be too animalistic to communicate normally judging by his behavior. Him doing various mating like behaviors involving his mouth all over me not sparing my breasts or nipples including getting inside me to thrust, appearing to be controlled by his urges, repeatedly over and over giving me a huge charge of pleasure making me shake while feeling him shake in response. I find the shaking stops along with the charge of pleasure stops making me want more of that feeling.
I kept mentally urging towards him "Continue on keeping up fucking me." 
He seemed to have heard me that he resumed his mouthing before doing that thrusting behavior over and over this seemingly kept on going till I fell asleep. I felt myself too sleepy to stay awake shut my eyes passing out unconscious despite still used for mating and this time had another dream involving being locked up in a shack in another shanty town. 
The door to the shack slid closed and Tanaka stood outside the door with a frown on his face. He scratched his pointed ear out of habit and walked towards a row of grass huts. He was escorted by three male guards also in dark blue clothing but they had bald heads instead of hair but had Human like faces of all blue eyes appearing to be Ancient Ones, I confused to the words identifying them, like he was. Tanaka walked towards a hut and stood with arms folded. He silently entered the hut to see a female with long dark earth colored hair wearing a light tan brown dress stood in the hut. There was a male with shorter earth colored hair stood facing her wearing tan colored pants. They were nearly about to undress which Tanaka sensed judging by their hands, and narrowed his eyes while speaking an Ahem sound. 
The two Humans jumped apart guiltily staring at Tanaka who spoke in the Lower Ones' language called Summeran, I unsure of where the wording Lower Ones and Summeran came from “No, she’s not right for you. I have someone better.” 
The male asked speaking the same language “Tanaka, whose is better than Victoria here?”
Tanaka gestured to the male to follow him and he followed him out of the grass hut towards the metal hut where I was contained and the male turned gestured. 
The male protested yelling “No! I’m not mating with that freak Mara!”
He was grabbed by Tanaka's escorts that held him in a tight grip. The male’s retort was silenced by Tanaka with an all blue almond shaped eyed glare. 
Tanaka spoke “I expect my orders to be obeyed, George. You will mate with her as indicated that she wants someone to mate with. If you refused I may take drastic action against the others starting with Victoria as in refusing my protection against those terrible vampires.” 
The male, George gulped and then was escorted to the metal hut where Tanaka slid open the door to it. George was sensed groaned as he was pushed inside the hut and stood facing me as I was leaning my long haired head against the wall facing it with my hands while clawing the wall. I was frustrated that Tanaka appeared to not have gotten my message. George stood frowning as the door behind him slid shut with a bang vibration trapping him with me. He, from my peering at him with his Human blue eyes through my hair from my leaning position as I clawed the wall with my hands, seemed disgusted. George was at the other end of the hut still in his position and refused to budge getting near me. 
He was lip read speaking “This will be the last time I obey you, Tanaka.” 
George folded his arms and sarcastically added to himself while not looking at me “Oh really?”
I saw instead of answering his question raised my head and stared at him with an intense look of love he balked giving me as I flexed my hands on the walls. George frowned staring at me before looking down at the ground. I noticed that his arms were curvier with muscle which I flex my arms trying to bunch the muscle up that remained in its flabby status. I pushed myself away from the wall and stood facing him with a gaze as I looked him up and down. The pants, he was wearing was short and barely covered his knees and showed his legs that appeared to be muscular. His chest which he was trying vainly to hide with his folded arms appeared to be muscular. I saw him put his hands together to his sides and fisted them with the arms stiff as I stopped leaning onto the wall. 
George, I saw blinked his eyes to see one moment I was at the end of the hut and then I was standing inches away from him using some blurring speed shocking me. He abruptly raised his arms up fisting his hands like he wanted to punch me in a fight. My top of the head came up to the edge of his shoulders and I could see the details of his upper chest which was heaving in and out gulping large breaths. The chest was muscular and appealed to me to touch him there. 
I asked said with mental talk unsure if he could hear me “You don’t want me to lose my control do you?”
George appeared to hear me for he spoke “No.”
He shook her head in a no gesture while appearing to be stiffening as he raised hands towards me with a wide eyed look of fear.
I spoke mentally “I won’t hurt you.” 
He kept the wide eyed stare as I continued “I’ll only want love from you and I to love you back.” 
He raised his hands and swung them aimed at my head. I being flabby and bloated hadn't a chance to duck. He managed to knock me onto the ground followed by kicking my head putting me unconscious.
I dreamed of my male, Beloved, I called him; again as usual this time involved a mating ritual of gentleness. He moved his hands towards my arms till they were nearly contacting with my skin while I was standing on water him naked on there. I jolted stiffening feeling some electrical current coming from his hands as they touched my arms giving me pleasure. 
I sighed and admitted “I’ve never mated before.” 
He spoke me hearing him to my shock “I haven’t either.” 
I sensed my Beloved was keeping himself under control as to not to hurt me. He rubbed my arms with his hands feeling the electrical jolts from his touch. Then his hands brought me closer towards him till I was embraced in a hug with his arms wrapped around my form. I sensed him sighed out vibration he struggling not to lose control with the war rumbling inside him. I sighed being held in his arms. I could sense rumbling like sighs from his chest as he held me. I felt him let go of me and with heavy sigh. I stared at him as he reached for the edges of my dress; I didn't know I was wearing that was different from the dress I was given in that hotel. I didn’t object as he pulled the dress with a careful slowness over my head revealing my naked form. I found my naked form had changed this time and appeared to look curvier with muscles on it. I looked at Beloved I called him, revealing his muscular glory for me to see. I stared at his most sensitive part that was seen as he was sensed giving off a familiar vibration I confused if it was sighs or not. 
Beloved snapped “I’m sorry, Mara, losing control here.”
Next thing I knew Beloved had grabbed me and laid me on a mattress from the feel of it on my back with one of his hands on my hip as he lay on top of me covering my body. 
He paused with another heavy sigh as I wrapped my arms around his neck and I moved my legs to wrap around his middle. I was feeling pleasured feelings of electricity as he entered me with his sensitive part. I laid still gripping Beloved as he let the animal inside him come out roaring thrusting in and out of me giving charges of pleasure. I sighs a moan feeling jolts of electricity as he shattered me inside thrusts of his sensitive part. I felt a moment of pain but the feeling went away as Beloved rhythmically moved in and out of me pumping his sensitive part. I rolled my eyes letting the feelings of pleasure overtake me while I gripped him with my legs urging him on, with a vibration Beloved emptied himself inside me bringing me soaring to heights. He wound up completely embedded inside as me as I sensed him give a vibration of pleasure. 

I lay satisfied besides Beloved on the mattress with my head on his chest while lying in my apartment. 
He was sensed giving off a vibration of a sigh and heard him speak "Mara.” 
He wrapped his arms around me as he snuggled closer with a sigh vibration felt. I found another vibration hitting making me stiffen from the familiar vibration of the metal hut opening via shanty. I was instantly on my feet banging my head onto the low ceiling. 
Beloved spoke towards me "It's almost sunrise. I have to leave now.” 
I snarled some growling sound mentally as Beloved added “I’ll knock you out, for food if I don't leave now.” 
I got off the loft to stand stood there stewing as I saw Beloved picked up my discarded dress and handed it to me which I put on. He found his cape easily despite the material blending with the walls and floor to him which he and put it on. I stood with my arms folded still breasts bare out of the dress, with a glaring stare at him as Beloved left the apartment and then the door was felt banged shut. I stomped towards the window looking in vain to see out through the filmy gauze of Beloved walking around including whoever. I kept vigil while looking out the window to see if Beloved would came back or walking towards the apartment where I was kept prisoner. I finding the door remained shut and refused to open as I wound up sitting on the window bench naked and out of the dress. I was fed up with wearing it. I got fed up with my vigil and decided to go to bed, came walking towards the loft where I was intending to sleep when pain racked my body. 
“Ugh!” I moaned as I jerked forward as in pain putting my hand on the wall near the loft's ladder. 
I wound up distracted enough to not to sleep from the pains running through me. I wound up typing on the laptop to recall George after he punched me out left me lying in pain in the metal hut. I recalled waking up to find Tanaka kneeling next to me reached out a hand despite feeling pain and touched my head which I looked up towards him and he raised his hand towards my head. The hand stopped touching my head to rise near my hand sitting on my chest. 
Tanaka was lip read spoke “George is an idiot.” 
I lip read George's name spoken from Tanaka who added “George, Hmph.” 
I saw Tanaka jerked forward one hand on my hand and his left hand on the floor as if in pain. Tanaka touched my left hand on the floor with his right hand. I grimaced sensing Tanaka groaning as he leaned forwards appearing to be in pain. I howled some distress call while seeing Tanaka gasping as he gripped my hand in his hand in a tight grip the male appearing to be in distress. I groaned remembering the night while asleep in the metal hut with no one watching me that the pains started as my body reacted from George's punching and kicking. This time the pains were getting worse. I could see that Tanaka could barely hear me howl from my prison as pain went through me. Gasping he gripped the hand in my hand in a tight grip followed by sliding forwards lying on top of me in a heavy breathing method. I felt confused to why he was doing that and remained still lying too much in pain to bother to remove him. I lay with him lying on top of me sideways till George came back with guards and removed him off of me. I saw George was giving me a glaring look of accusation to my confusion. I didn't protest as I wound up lying on the dirt floor for a lengthy time period despite pains coming and going. 

I passed out unconscious during the typing while sitting in the chair to find myself lying in my loft bed clad in my blanket with my breasts sticking out. I woke up to adjust the blanket to cover me then wound up feeling refreshed including not sore from my pains that hit me earlier, repeatedly all over me. I felt refreshed from the mating but smug from it except I still was hoping I would have him love me. That like Humans love each other along with giving me the words I love you I hoped and wished to get from anyone. This despite lip reading it from people in the shanty town giving it to each other which didn't matter if they were males pairing up to females or parents doing it to children. I went to the armchair to sit in and picked up my laptop again finding my previous typing still there. I wound up typing an entry down only to see a blinking icon on my computer screen that was drawing me to open it with the mouse button command. 
Hmph turns out that the blinking icon was a message from some group dubbing them Soulers.
The message said "Sorry to inform you but that males hunting females are always given a hooded cape to wear to hide from females. That's due to that the females might accidentally target them while their out and about in the city searching their assigned female by the number marked on the back of her dress. Your mate's name, we're still trying to find out despite observed to be using various names whenever communicating towards Lower Ones in writings, here in Rio Pluto. He'll once he gets over his urges of mating with you will come to his senses to start pestering you with questions on your identity. Also to the point of getting you to his home base residence always in a hotel before whisking you out of Rio Pluto to his native city which can be out of Brazil and elsewhere."
That was the end of the message. I felt disgusted finding that message despite copying it into my typing file, due to suspecting that this Souler group was reading what I was typing onto my laptop computer for their records of the natives in the city. This hence the male who designed my hair kept deleting my questions aimed at him. 
Anyway I wound up itching to mate again judging by the familiar cramps I was feeling hitting me that makes me think it involves hunger when it's not actually. I left the laptop with my work saved and put on my dress then walked out of the apartment forgetting my keys to tote with me. I wound up wandering around the city that seemed vast and on the large sized but appeared to have one part for Bloodies to play a mating game via a high fenced wall to an area I wasn't able to get through. I kept finding people walking by the fence ignoring me waving at them. I wound up fed up with the ignorance and decided to keep on exploring the city. I walked around till my feet hurt from my shoes. I went to cross a road during a break in traffic. It was from unable to find traffic lights or anything like that. Only to get pounced by my assigned male by behind who proceeded to get me onto my back onto the road feeling smooth and metallic from the feel and him on top of me who proceeded to doing his thrusting in and out of my private right in the middle of the road. That despite cars detected swerving and driving around us both via vibrations felt and no headlights used. He kept our clothes on but was more interested in keeping his hood covering his face and resisting my attempts to touch his face by grabbing my wrists to pin them together with one hand. He kept running his free hand all over me while keeping a hold on my wrists and this time touched my face in some gentle caressing move but avoiding touching my hair. 
He even avoided kissing me on the lips despite me repeatedly telling him "I want to kiss you." 
He kept up that thrusting of his, inside me. He thrusting in and out was giving me feelings of pleasure every time he was inside me. The feeling was fully making me shake from it in pleasure. I wound up feeling him shaking from giving me an intense charge of pleasure like electricity hitting me each time I had them till I started to fall asleep is when I passed out unconscious to dream of another dream this time.
I stood leaning against the hole in the wall feeling the fresh air while still contained in my metal hut prison feeling hunger pains. Time I didn’t know how long it was and time didn’t matter to me for the urge to feed; getting blood was again hitting me. I barely felt the door to the hut slid open and looked to see Tanaka, appearing to be healed from his medical ailment of collapsing onto me, was in the doorway that walked inside into the hut with a frown on his face the male appearing to look nervous to me. 
I lip read him speaking as the door slid closed via his hand's manipulation “Not again.” 
I sat on the ground with my back on the wall with a groan as I mentally thought to myself while weak “I’m not doing that feeding onto anyone again.”
Tanaka, I saw frowned as he went to sit next to me he looked at me. 
I felt the urge get stronger as Tanaka spoke “Why aren't you feeding from me?"
I stared at his neck with a gaze like a predator seeing a prey as he was sensed cutting himself off. Tanaka I eyed his neck wound up forced himself still as I got on my knees grabbing him closer towards me. 
His chest I saw with the feeding haze was heaving in and out his stomach was a little rounded. I pulled him closer to me with the left hand while the other hand gently gripped his neck and he kept his eyes on my face. Tanaka was sensed was silent as I pulled him to my mouth on his throat, my teeth fanged biting the area with fury. Tanaka's arms, I felt went around my shoulders as he forced us to the ground he laid on the ground with me on top of him sucking blood from his neck. My control snapped as he gripped me and I thrust my tongue moved in and out of the bite wound in his neck still sucking and lapping the blood. Tanaka gave up a roaring vibration and broke hold onto me as he spilled his blood down his throat making me give off a hoarse cry of protest. Tanaka wound up darting away running out of the metal hut I unable to follow by the guards thrusting projectile weapons aimed at me when I reached the door. The last sight of Tanaka was him still bleeding while collapsing on top of the ground as I felt the urge to feed left me abruptly.

I slept while hearing Beloved sighed and shifted as I lay on top of him. He had pulled himself out of me and was asleep with me cuddled in his grip appearing to be in my apartment and not the metallic road. I sensed him stared at my face as I opened my eyes and looked at him. 
I asked mentally a question “Beloved, do you remember how you wound up here?”
Beloved rumbled a growl as I spoke mentally voice in his mind “I remember being exiled from the only home I knew. Then wound up being on a boat floating through the water with something making some flashing light show and having no memory of what everything involving the shanty town I lived in.”
I held up my left hand showing Beloved a remnant of a scar on the palm of my hand always there as a reminder. 
I added with disgust “I cut myself on the rope holding the flashing thing. I was found by the others with a bigger boat in the moon time.
I heard one voice out of all voices saying 'Beloved.'
I have a memory of myself on a flying jet that landed in a shallow pond not far from where my known shanty town people found me and tried to communicate with me One of them was named Grudik didn't seem to get it what I wanted. The Elders appearing to look creepy with their intense all blue eyes and bald heads wound up doing something to my memory hence I not remembering much.” 
Beloved spoke “Elders? You meant the Soulers, still spying onto us Bloodies and doing law keeper force onto us.” 
I spoke “Yes I got the impression on that.” 
Beloved gave up a rumbling growl as he and I both looked up to feel a familiar vibration he grimacing hearing by the expression on his face. Beloved gestured with a hand towards the ceiling and got up from the bed climbing down the loft ladder. Groaning I got up and crawled towards where my dress was and put it on. I peered over the loft's window and saw Beloved put on his cape as he walked towards the apartment's entrance where the door was. I sat with arms folded as he walked out of sight then the door was felt banging shut with a vibration bringing me a memory fully in my mind. 
I wound up recalling contained in a metallic hut after freed from the cloth by Grudik I shocked to remember. I felt the door to the metal hut open following by the familiar vibration canister banging indicating food which was blood. I looked to see one of the Humans was standing just outside the door of the hut facing me while banging the canister onto the edges. I charged using my super speed and felt two metals like objects clamp onto my wrists. I blinked my eyes to see that I was outside the hut and in place of a human was an Elder a Souler as identified by Beloved holding a familiar canister. I groaned as I felt a headache come onto me. Groaning they led me towards one of the grass straw huts where I stared to see Grudik came out with a pleasant look on his face but he had anger in his eyes. He came to me and I gave him a hug, but he pushed me away and was looking towards his straw hut. Looking over I saw one of the Human, a female came out holding a young child. I frowned as the Human handed the child to Grudik who I saw stopped crying to stare with eyes like Grudik's. I saw Grudik look at the child I assumed was his son with a prideful look on his face as he held him. He put a hand on the female's body round and lumped in the front despite a thin body elsewhere, with a frown. I confused to why the female was fat and bloated in the front and thin elsewhere and what was the importance of Grudik rubbing his hand over the area with a joyful look on his face. I notice the female had a joyful look on her face to Grudik's touch. I stared with confusion as Grudik removed his hand and wrapped his arms around the female and his son. The moment was short lived for I was soon escorted back into the hut with a tube of blood for me to suck on. I disgusted on not getting the love status I wanted I saw Grudik give towards the female with fatness and appearing to be accepted despite her bloated form. I drank in the hut with annoyance running through me while sitting with my back to the wall. 
I came to finding myself back in my apartment lying on the floor with my left hand holding my keys in some tight grip and feeling refreshed from the fucking and sleeping. I got up and went to my laptop computer to type a letter about this fucking. I hoped that the next time I meet him I would make it clear that I wanted to be loved instead of just used for fucking.
This time I received another message from the Soulers saying "We're still trying to find out who this Bloody male assigned to you at the moment. We is currently working with the King leader of six social groups in Bloody society."
I didn't respond to the message due to finding nothing to indicate it. 

I stopped typing for a bit to stare at the computer screen seeing my previous entry I typed already saved onto there. I found nothing to indicate it was read by someone else despite still unsure of how the Soulers were able to do it. I wound up recalling the fucking with the male, my Beloved, brought feelings of like I fucked him before our meeting in my apartment. That except his muscular body from the feel of his chest and abs onto my front was felt familiar. He filled me completely within inside me whenever he did his thrusting. He made me happy having him doing that thrusting inside me. He was much better than any male I had fucking with for money while stuck in some shanty town. I managed to recall escaping Tanaka and his containment to run into the forest jungle using water to keep myself safe from the sun causing skin boils. I recalled I managed to break myself out of the metallic hut one night and ran into the forest jungle. I didn't know how or why but I wound up upon another shanty town that had a bus ride out to another city. I wound up contained again this time but used for fucking involving mating via prices paid. I was trying to gain a good amount to take the bus ride out of there despite the drivers balking on letting me board and insisting on money to be paid. The money kept on being balked on given to me by males who break their words of giving it to me soon after their done fucking me. Their fucking inside me have caused me to feel awkward and not satisfied enough to feel much pleasure. Their hands' touching me was felt like pawing and not gentle caressing like I felt from my assigned male. 
I not even sure of what Beloved's actual name was. I wasn't sure who Beloved was and that fucking with him for the first time seemed familiar. I couldn't explain it at all. 
Anyway I sort of wound up thinking to myself "Next time I'm pounced by this male, mentally talk to him on getting him to his senses to think straight enough to communicate to me back, despite feeling like needing to fuck, due to the familiar pains hitting me again." 
Talking was a waste of time Beloved on a meeting again pounced onto me while I was in the alleyway leading to the apartment building's back entrance after I stepped out that way. He didn't seem to be interested in communicating to me mentally back despite my attempts to talk to him mentally. He didn't seem to resists to me touching his face all over the place to see and feel if it was faked. Beloved managed to get my dress pulled up that I was bare from the waist down. His face felt realistic to me but felt familiar to me like I've touched him there before. I wound up tearing at his hair trying to see if it was faked or not, only to discover pieces of it came off, appearing to be clipped on I tossed aside. Beloved ignored me while in the middle of being animalistic mouth and hands all over me not sparing my breasts and nipples and ignoring my hair and face. I managed to toss off a good amount of long waist length hair, till it most of it became above shoulder length, with some part of it, at a waist length in a familiar hairstyle. The hairstyle reminded me of the popular hairstyles used by males living in the shanty town I used to live in being used for fucking. The males that kept on using me for fucking and refusing to pay me money despite me expecting it like they kept on promising the sum to me. That after doing something I find nice to me, like defending me from a male as always appearing to be drunk from drinking too much beer from a bar down the street that always kept on hitting onto me for mating favors. I felt confused to why Beloved had the familiar hairstyle including having a different face that didn't seem familiar to me. I easily recalling those lousy males who had fucked me and as always refusing to pay me money. They always were dumping me onto another male by pulling this drunken act onto me which the other male would defend me and then get me to agree to a fucking once in his house some metallic shack as always. The metallic shack appeared to be the same metallic shack as always they always using to mate with me over and over. This stunt of being used for fucking was kept all over the shanty town by the males and always in the same location, the metallic shack. 
Some military convoy jeep came by with Missy aboard who managed to get the males off of me and into the vehicle, despite females using gun weapons pointed at the males to force them away from me and get me inside a jeep. I wound up taken to the military camp as a result, after a lengthy drive on the dirt roads and even plowing through the jungle despite roads not made for that. I think the jeep was driving all over the place anyway, just confused people tracking them in order to find me. That's due to driving into the river in low water seemingly lengthy and getting wet from the water splashing onto me making me uncomfortable. 
Anyway Beloved kept up the fucking seemingly lengthy till I fell asleep again this time to dream of a dream appearing to be a memory or something I'm not sure. I managed to type it down.
One of the males that used me for mating, I dub him the John, stood frowning while in his office and he poured a drink in a small cup and held it up towards the apparent high ceiling. 
He spoke speaking in his native language of Tago I shocked to hear him, “Alright, vampire, I detect you. Come down and drink, as my guest.” 
He was rewarded when a figure silently dropped down from the ceiling. The figure I saw was dressed entirely in black colors appearing to be armor to me while having a round head. I looked at the face who removed the helmet the John appeared to stiffen from gasping out loud of shock to me. The face was of a Bloody male vampire with Human black eyes from it surrounded by long black hair that was pulled back in tail. I stared at the vampire with a frown not recognizing him.
The vampire moved his mouth speaking words I still shocked to hear "The name is Achilles, as you may address me. Don't mind if I take the drink from you." 
Achilles reached for the drink of blood held in the John's hand which he gave it to him. Achilles drank it in one gulp and I noticed the John had a napkin in his hand. With a growl Achilles took the napkin and wiped his face including his mouth of blood. Then Achilles crumbled the napkin and dropped it on the desk the John stood behind watching him. 
The John spoke “As my guest you should learn some manners.” 
Achilles growled out in a male tone “Manners are not important except you have one of us in your possession.” 
The John wound up speaking in response "So what does that have to do with me?"
Achilles formed a glare and spoke "You're containing her against her will."
The John shrugged and spoke "So what can you do about it Lion? I recognized you despite you keeping yourself out of sight in the ocean away from the affairs of the natives of the Americas including out of your Canadian territory where you were tossed out and dumped into the ocean."
Achilles gave up a low growl despite hearing that from the John who added "Nice trick of getting a battleship full of Humans to sink into the ocean for you and whoever you got roped with your vampire god beliefs to feed off of the survivors."
He, I heard snarled a growl and put down his helmet onto the desk and made a step towards the John only to find the air shift showing him surrounded by blue armored males having sword weapons aimed at his neck. He held up his hands in surrender and waited as the John's guards faded from view appearing to be hiding again. 
Achilles spoke again "So you're working for the slayers."
The John shook his head and spoke "Their hired into service to serve whoever pays them their price."
Achilles picked up his helmet as I saw he spotted the sunlight blaring into the windows. He jammed his helmet back onto his head and jabbed a finger aimed at the John while putting it across his throat then without a word walked out of the office. I saw that the slayers as they were called were appearing into view, finding the slayers had hand holds onto Achilles' arms and were guiding him out. I felt disgust take hold as he left the mansion from the looks of the house and made a trek to an underground lair he appeared to have stayed in out of being in the sunlight. Achilles I saw, via the dream, walked inside to the cave to walk out into the air only to hear whining from the familiar Bloodies gathered inside on wanting to feed to my disgust. He gave the Bloodies glares despite removing his helmet who kept on whining on wanting to feed and needed nourishment now. 
Achilles spoke loudly "Listen up now! I'll help you with what you desire if you do this thing for me!" 
He got the Bloodies' undivided attention as he spoke the idea I recalled fully involving sickening Missy and her army convoy onto the shanty town's natives with violence to retrieve me and take me via force. It happened as a result and I woke up lying on my apartment floor with my clothes back onto my form with my nipples sticking out. I found Beloved lying on the floor next to me asleep while using the cape as a blanket to cover his naked form while hearing a faint snoring sound from him. I went to the laptop computer to type finding my typing noise wasn't waking him up and he seemingly passed out unconscious. That judging by still form but I could sense he was still living due to a feeling of warmth hitting me each time I eyed him till I felt sleepy again. I figured I interrupted my sleep rest cycle and needed the rest and decided to quit the typing to go cuddle with him. This time I had a dream as if fully imagined within my mind like a memory but I unsure of how I got it fully.
Beloved, I saw in the dream appeared to be shivering from the coldness hitting him all over despite clad in twin clothes as Achilles' while contained in a cave with Achilles who gave him a glare of all red eyes.
I groaned softly seeing the glare saw Beloved spoke despite no sound came out of his mouth as if speaking mental talk "What did I do this time?"
Achilles removed the red eyed look to Beloved's relief and hissed loudly "Nikolas as I dub you, you were seen by the Soulers and Lower Ones as they call the pathetic Humans."
I frowned hearing the name of Nikolas, as Beloved forced himself to be calm as Achilles forced him to walk further into the cave passageway seemingly endless with no opening and seemed to go around in bends of circles. I looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing but water. I figured to myself were entrances to the ocean as Achilles led the way further into the cave, making me more nervous for Beloved.
Beloved was heard "I urged you to keep on walking faster." 
I gasped of fear as Beloved started to stumble slipping his feet but found Achilles kept on walking leading the way further into the cave ignoring his stumbling. 
Beloved was again urged "Achilles, just continue to keep on going faster."
I kept on gasping of fear each time he slipped and stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks. I saw was really ice which Beloved reached a hand and gripped Achilles' cape. I felt fear take hold making me gulp for air through my mouth as Beloved kept on slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway. I wound up shivered teeth chattering while sensing Beloved was cold too and moving to keep warm while still clingy to Achilles' cape. He kept up his slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. 
I thought to myself "Perhaps Beloved should let go of Achilles' cape and use the walls for safety." 
I stiffened as an image of a male Humanoid with facial appearance different from any Humanoid I knew, wearing a golden crown on his black haired head. Clothes of a white dress like tunic with a red bird on it as decoration and blue legging like tights flashed in my mind.
Words spoken in some cruel voice tone making me feel more nervous "Why are you following this vampire Achilles when you should be doing your own path? He's hoping to lose you to a water pit to suck you underneath and drown you to death. Achilles is more scared than you are by the fact that the Soulers saw you and make them think he's hiding nearby. Besides you should let go of Achilles' cape and run away out of the cave now before he pushes you to your death in a pit."  
I wound up recognizing the image as Lance Richard, the Humans' god of the underworld. That despite lord of the animals dubbed gonoids and the earth ground on Terra the planet's official name. The male god's voice I recognized was always mentally spoken to people via mind after flashing a scene of himself each time for communication purposes. I felt Beloved less fearful from Lance's communication order. 
I saw Achilles stopping to peer into holey pits as I recalled Lance Richard's words, the vampire kept on doing the peering as they both continue traveling through the cave passageway. I kept on seeing Achilles peering into caves that appeared to have yawning openings of smooth watery like pits on each sides of him at various points. That made me becomes nervous seeing them in view as Lance Richard kept on blaring in my mind. Beloved continued to hold Achilles' cape as the vampire kept walking traveled through the cave he still slipping and sliding away. 
I saw the night vision eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over. I saw Beloved sighed figuring out he was safe.
I heard mentally in my mind "The glow balls were put in place for vampires to keep track of where they were going underground from traveling through that would cause harm to the vampires living cocooned in some large cave underground in the ocean depths." 
I sighed figuring that Beloved was safe for now only to feel fear hitting me as crackling of eaters was heard coming from the passageway in the cave along with hearing Achilles giving off sounds of growling to me sounding like the vampires' leader was angry and frustrated to him. 
I found Beloved forced himself to continue as day vision blared in my eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls. 
"Put there by vampires who first discovered the cave passageway." I heard in my mind. 
Beloved I saw, looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of eaters giving off sparks repeatedly making me nervous. The sparks of eater flew from them onto them as I saw Achilles grab a glow ball and throw it onto Beloved that burst into an eater burning the male's arm. I heard Achilles give off a loud growl of anger to me as I saw Beloved found he forced by the vampire passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. He was seen gasping for breath as pain was felt on his left arm. I looked to see the armored skin was on fire. 
Beloved wound up waved the hand over the fired arm mentally speaking "Fire Out." 
I saw Beloved found his order of fire not working or obeyed but felt his arm stinging of pain as his entire body began to sting all over as Achilles with blurring speed grabbed him and darted through the cave passageway. I was hoping that the sparks of fire would avoid hitting Achilles carrying him through the cave passageway. I found to my relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision continued to my eyesight. 
I found the ground had water on it that indicated an underground river that was moving very fast. I gulped as Achilles threw Beloved into the river that took him to travel through a cave passageway in a fast speed move. Beloved I saw, wound up flying all over the place bumping into the cave as moved by the river's water. I felt annoyance take hold when I felt urged to breathe refrained while urging him to keep his mouth shut. Beloved kept on being into the cave passageway pushed by the river of water till his urges to breathe overtook him. He sucked into water to my disgust and found him passing out unconscious as a new dream arrived within my mind. 
In the new dream I dreamed of Beloved again with his naked glory appearing to look like he had scars all over his body he was holding out his hands while saying “Mara, help me.” 
The dream image faded as I kept on dreaming of Beloved dumped into a pool of water while scarred all over the place from hitting rocks from a cave entrance. I wound up to my shock heard noises that sounded like whispering of voices to me. Beloved appeared to float in the water lying in it as I strained to hear but couldn’t understand the words as awareness of conscious status came to me. I recalled the dream fully as Beloved wound up finding himself lying on grassed ground from the feel of it. Slowly he opened his eyes with pain in them, I saw, to see with night vision while breathing air deeply through mouth. The bushes I saw in front of the clearing shake and I heard whispering coming out from there. With curiosity Beloved stood up, despite grimacing of pain, and walked towards the shaking bushes while limping. He, I saw, stood and pulled the bushes apart and stepped out into the clearing, I didn't scream this time when figures appeared appearing to be Soulers, to appear to stand all around him with weapons not in their hands. I wasn't sure what the point of that dream involved except I wound up coming to conscious status despite rolling over in the bed and feeling for Beloved. I didn't feel him on the mattress or anywhere near I as I kept my eyes shut. I wound up aggravated by the familiar pains hitting me again which distracted me from trying to sleep further. I woke up feeling like needing to fucking again and him not in sight. I put on my dress and climbed down the loft's ladder. I discovered the bathroom door shut and locked managed to knock onto it but got no answer. I figured that he was inside using the facilities so I went to the armchair adjusting it to face the bathroom's direction to get familiar message from the Soulers' group. 
The message said "We have identified your male who's name is John. Spare us the joke of bathroom facilities named that name or males being named that name for mating. He's from files on him being half Bloody, born of a Human female who died from the birth and a Bloody male that targeted John's Mother in some forced mating issue. We believe the mating issue was based off her looks, as some blonde with implants all over the place inside her and a slim form. John's Father was reportedly told off by her no, he refusing to get it that no means no. She wound up raped forced to carry John himself inside her, carrying him in some impossible to terminate pregnancy status. She from medical tests done onto her body was repeatedly trying to use abortion medicine, repeatedly to kill him off. The combination medicines into her body wound up killing her in response. John wound up born unaffected from the medicines used, him born premature but he managed to survive and appeared to have no problems involving his preemie birth. John's familiarity is from a tracker implanted inside him that tracked him at your location in the shanty town. He was tracked into your living space and must have been very touchy onto you including mating with you. You not remembering due to not yet developing the Sonya female ability for females to have, by their eyes turning all Human night looking and skin turning into a pale cloud color to indicate this status. Bloodies only males can mentally wipe mating memories out of females' minds if their not Sonya's. Besides this John has reportedly visited you at residences of males where you're living in the shanty town including keeping up the visits. We suspect that he has used his mental powers influence to keep the males from mating with you, made them and yourself think they mated with you when he actually did the mating. He had those males play some joke trick of dumping you onto another male, just to keep males from wanting to have you as their wives."
I was shocked to read that which I found the message continued "We checked your records of how you got into the possession of the original shanty town's natives of the town dubbed Paola the same one in a different county all over the jungle. The natives of Paola on careful questioning have admitted of you being dumped onto them, as in thrown out of an unidentified moving vehicle as a baby contained in a box. This is something Lower Ones do towards female offsprings. That's due to Lower Ones having a tradition of insisting on having males in their family to pass down the family name line. It's because of a one child law in the country as ordered by their President just to control overpopulation growth. The law was put in place to keep the Bloodies from doing a massacre onto towns' people like they have done before wiping out towns. The shanty town's natives have indicated of raising you all over the place among them. That includes a female actual name of Selena despite calling herself Elizabeth, who's a mute and communicated via hand gestures. She managed to adopt you after finding you in a box dumped and raised you till she passed away from a medical ailment involving being sucked to death by a raving vampire. You survived because your blood was god awful tasting to the vampire. As for Master Mo having you in his battleship it was involving taking rejected female babies and raising them to fight in the war against lunatic vampires as traditionally done. He did this till a bunch of vampires underwater managed to sink his sea vessel and fed off the survivors."
I was shocked to read that as the message continued "The official story of your origins, despite faked, is that you came from a female unsure of who she is, despite she appearing to be well known among the public, as some foreign language actress using some stage name. She mysteriously got expecting and has claimed the pregnancy as a miscarriage soon after you were born."
I kept on reading "The official story involving your Father is true. Besides all records of who your Father was, wasn't determined till a DNA tests done onto you to determine who you are, which was compared to the living Bloodies at the moment. It turns out that you are related to the King himself as a family member, aka offspring, despite unsure of what female birthed you. The King has repeatedly mated with various females all over the place some resulting in pregnancies. Sorry we can't answer the question of who your Mother is."
I again was shocked to read that but found the message came to an end and nothing else to indicate anything else to me. This explained why the people at the military camp acted oddly religiously towards my questioning them about seeing the Bloodies' King when I was actually an offspring of him. It also figures on why the military convoy forced me out of the shanty town, despite resistance done by the males there. It was due to recognizing me as the King's offspring by the facial appearance I'm assuming is how they managed to identify me. I suspect my forced out of the shanty town was due to me being a Sonya used for breeding something the Bloodies wanted that the Humans gave resistance to. I suspect the resistance was from Beloved, John himself who wanted me to himself. I didn't feel any happiness towards the Bloodies' King and my Mother for dumping me or John trying to keep me out of the Bloodies' hands. All three for not giving me what I craved in the first place, which was love I've seen from Humans, and felt disgusted on being thrown away after my Mother birthed me. I also felt further disgusted on never receiving love from Elizabeth or Selena, as her actual name, who raised me. I kept on hoping I would get it, due to old enough to get it the love term, and keep on hoping on getting it from her, despite making some behavior like declarations of love towards her. She always was punishing me with some yucky chore to do in response such as cleaning the shithouse for expelling waste's toilet. She was always telling me off not to do that love declaration towards her period via hand gestures of fists aimed at my face. I also found that she kept balking on doing the subject of love towards me whenever I tried to communicate towards her on the subject. Via the gestures I made, or pointing out people doing it to each other while we're out in public walking, she ignoring me in response, I too stupid to get it back then I should use spoken language to speak. Selena never encouraged me to speak spoken words instead made me learn hand gestures for speaking my wants. I aim to next time I meet John, force the issue of getting him to love me. I tried to relax while eyeing the bathroom door seemingly lengthy, till my curiosity got the best of me. I went to the door to find it ajar and kicked it open to find no one inside or John indicating of being in the apartment. I managed recall that he must have used super speed blurry running method to get out of the bathroom and out of the apartment. Due to finding the front door ajar and unlocked due to glimpsing some blurriness figure darting out of the bathroom and out of my apartment that made me think it was a ghost at first. I realized that Bloodies have some kind blurry speed running ability to make them move faster than people could blink their eyes. I wasn't pleased with John still hiding himself from me as usual went to type. Due to figuring that if he wanted to have a fucking with me he'll have to come into the apartment. I left the front door unlocked this time but shut and this time forced me to ignore my fucking mating urges to the point that I started getting feelings of wanting fresh air. Ugh hopefully John this time won't chose a road for a fucking.

I went out via back entrance to the apartment building where John pounced onto me on my way out of the alley way onto the sidewalk. It was raining hard out despite darkness still dominant with night vision still in use. We had a fucking as simple as that, but this time I kissed him on the lips feeling that he had two pairs of fanged teeth on both lower and upper teeth while slipping him the tongue. He avoided biting down onto the tongue in his mouth and him doing the same to me with his tongue. His tongue felt odd to the feeling and seemed to have two antennas and a holey like opening at the end while in my mouth from the felt of my tongue feeling it. I also felt this antenna holey like feeling when he licked my nipples and breasts, I didn't pay attention at first for a few times when we met for a fucking. I figured out that the antennas and holey opening was how Bloodies suck blood from their victims but I'm not sure. This happened while I was having hands running through his hair, finding all of his longer lengths shorn but still a bit long to match his all length hair status. This time his hair was shorter all above his shoulders. He wound up despite running hands onto my body and doing the kissing me back in response. I wound up falling asleep again passing out unconscious, to come to finding myself in my loft bed naked with just a blanket covering me and pressure of arms wrapped around me. I looked to see it was John sleeping next to me having another of my blankets covering him up to his waist where I could see his chest was muscular like his thick arms appearing to be muscular and hairless and nothing to indicate any hair like status. I felt his arms were familiar around me to realize that he was the Bloody who covered up during the day, wearing some pair of jeans, hooded sweatshirt, a scarf covering his mouth from the nose down and sunglasses covering his eyes, while going around the shanty town me seeing him. He never baring himself to anyone, who always visited me in my sleep, due to the memories of that visits popping up abruptly that was always touchy towards me. That including avoiding his sensitive part into me if there were other people in the house, he only did fucking with me while both of us were clad in clothes and having clothes adjusted for it, if there was no one inside the house with me always at nighttime period. Besides I figured out that his covered get up involved protecting him from the sunlight due to the city Rio Pluto having some darkness covering it, always eternal darkness period. I wound up staring at him lengthy. 
I mentally spoke despite losing a voice ability to talk and communicated towards Bloodies via mental chatter "I like to know your name anyway."
John woke up jerking open his eyes to stare at me lengthy not saying a word mentally to me back. 
I heard a voice blaring in my mind sounding familiar "My name is John as known in Rio Pluto, Brazil by the registry group dubbing them, Watchers to us, Bloodies when it's another name of Souler. This is in acquiring a female. The name John is what I'm using including in the United States, I'm also known by that name. I've been calling myself Nightwalker when people press me for a name. I'm not the current Nightwalker as rumored, who has taken the King position despite having some mental ability to make people think I'm as him via facial appearance. I expect you to keep this shit to yourself. I refused to challenge our current King for leadership position to death. I refused to follow that society rule involving male Bloodies having special mental abilities indicating a purebred status to fight for the King leadership position to death leaving one alive to rule in place. I don't like that shitty rule and refused to follow fucker who invented it. I will do what it takes to avoid doing that fucking rule including manipulating people to keep their shithouse traps' shut."
I think he meant mouth when he said the words shithouse traps as he continued talking mentally "I want you to get up and get dressed, for your recovered enough from the fucking, from the smell of you indicated that status. I want to get you and myself out of Brazil as soon as possible. People have gotten suspicious of thinking that there's a Bloody trying to be like Nightwalker by use of his name and his face seen as claimed by females saying it whenever their pounced upon males. That including males doing it to keep themselves off not assigned females that targets them. A trick, I've been using onto them to keep them off me period despite bystanders manipulated to claim on seeing the male's face is of Nightwalker himself so move it now."
I obeyed to get up and off the loft followed by him. I took a good look at him while he stood with arms folded a glaring Human eyed look. He was ignoring me eyeing him up and down while seeing that his body from the neck down was indicating a no hair status and having his hair short and looking cut. I assumed was cut by the looks of it. I found his sensitive part was on the big size and made me confused of how he managed to get that thing into me. He gave me a glaring stare along with a mental ahem sound after I stared at his sensitive part too long. I found my dress slung onto the armchair and put it on along with the shoes. He went into the bathroom and came out with his hooded robe hiding his face and keeping parts of it shut while having a muscular arm bare peeking out. He grabbed my arm and pulled me out of the apartment which I managed to grab the laptop computer on the way. He guided me out of the building via back entrance and took seedy garbage strew route to his residence I saw was a hotel. I assumed was where he was staying which he got inside via the back entrance by waving a hand over the console next to the door that slid open. I saw a male Human standing there inside the hallway having goggles covering his eyes, I figured helped him see in the dark while dressed in an uniform. The male didn't do anything at first instead was staring at me, appearing to be ogling my breasts. I found my nipples poking out of the dress, held my laptop blocking the way. I was pushed aside followed by John standing in front of me and sensing the male was angry at the uniformed male's staring. I found the Human shook his head still giving a leering smile and then led the way appearing to be taking a route to a hallway having multiple doors appearing to have blended in numbers on them. The male stopped at a door and managed to get the door open for the both of us by pressing buttons onto the keypad and it going ajar by opening itself. I eyed the male in response to see John get his mouth open with fanged teeth completely bared, showing he had two fanged teeth on his lower teeth other than the two fanged teeth visibly seen via Bloodies on their upper teeth. He also had an odd tongue that appeared to have some two antennas like look indicating a hole at the end. That was indicating it as some mouth like tube to suck blood to me. I saw him put the tongue and mouth onto the Human's neck, was making some movement indicating of biting of slicing the skin then sucking. I also was seeing that the Human had appeared to have some look of happiness's smile on his lips, which could have been a grimace, but I wasn't sure and didn't press John while he was feeding. I didn't feel any disgust hitting me instead felt amused to see John feeding off that Human. The Bloody licked the male's neck with his tongue shutting the assumed bleeding some more before punching him in the face and saw the male hit the floor with form still, showing a large ragged cut hole like spot on his neck area where John fed off him. I sensed that he was still alive. I wound up feeling an odd feeling of dread hitting me to my shock as John without a word towards me got me into the hotel room in a fast move while slamming the door. I kept on feeling the feeling of dread as John stumbled towards a doorway and went inside slamming the door. I didn't pester John being in the bathroom lengthy only to feel a feeling of familiar pain hitting my neck via the side indicating of being fed of vampire like to my confusion. I wound up shutting my eyes and opened them to find John appearing to display some armored form covering his nakedness standing in front of me with disapproval on his face.
John ordered me via mental talk yelling at me with an angry voice tone "You're to fucking change your clothes into this dress now!"
The dress he thrust at me, wound up covered me from head to foot and had sleeves with attached gloves. I didn't feel pleased to be wearing that dress but figured that John assumed I had sun sensitivity despite having some kind of boiling skin sickness. I eyed John who put on clothes of dressy pants showing muscles on his legs, boots, a hooded shiny like jacket, that budged underneath his arms and front, while it was covering his head entirely, leaving his eyes and lower face only bared that were covered by a pair of wrap around sunglasses held by a strap and a scarf. It confused me because I saw him wearing armored clothes when he walked out of the bathroom and putting the clothes over them. He gestured me to walk out first which I obeyed finding him poking, pushing and yanking me in directions, to the hotel's lobby room taking a public route to there and going to the hotel clerk a Human male wearing goggles that ignored me to fill out some forms. The male didn't seem to care that John was covered up or me covered up. After that John got me outside the hotel gloved hand tightly holding onto one arm in an ironclad hold, while standing with a hand up fisted in front of him indicating some ride status to me. I was able to still hold onto the laptop with my other hand, folded in half by handle. A vehicle appearing to be a jeep not looking like it was military, but for rides by the twin ride sign on top stopped and we both got inside. I found the cab driver was some kind of human male wearing some uniform and turban on top of his head including goggles covering his eyes. He, who drove us out of the city taking a route, passed shanty towns again and again, ignoring people's attempts to flag down the jeep. He wound up swerving around them just to avoid them to a field where there was a plane sitting on the ground. We got out of the vehicle to meet a female Human wearing a pilot's uniform, I assumed was her job, standing at the steps holding a clipboard. 
She speaking in Tago, I lip reading her "Destination please and write that down now."
I eyed the female pilot warily to see her frown further seeing what John wrote using his right hand.
She speaking still using the Tago language after handed back the clipboard "I must insists that you sit in the cockpit with me. That's due to you indicating on being fluent in that nation's official spoken language despite me still having trouble getting it."
I frown inwardly at her talk till we got inside and she shut the door and folded up the stairs.
I found John joining her in the cockpit after he ordered towards me mentally "Go sit down in a fucking seat. Keep your fucking seatbelt on now. Fucking pilot needs my help with gaining entrance into the United States' Canadian state province of Yukon to where we're going to land so sit the fuck down now." 
I obeyed and kept the remainder of the plane ride with my eyes shut clutching the laptop very tightly, while feeling the plane's fast speed feeling of pressure, pressuring me into the seat. I was feeling sick enough to throw up. I wound up fallen asleep to dream of myself flying in the air. I was traveling from the jungles towards over the moving ocean of the blue water. I was traveling at a fast pace reaching a city with towering buildings in the sky. Reaching one building I came towards a window, I came towards a window where a blonde haired female lay asleep dead to the world with eyes open on a bed covered in blankets. Next to the bed asleep was a baby in smaller bed with a shock of black hair. The baby was asleep and was peacefully dreaming. 
The female, blonde I saw, was of assumed John's Mother lying appearing to be dead to the world while lying on the bed as the baby burst into tears wailing loudly.
Then there was a loud crying sound as I groaned trying to sleep as I heard a crying sound and ignored the sound. I felt pain within my front but recognized the pain wasn't of my mating urges instead was of something else. Groaning I forced myself from the depths of unconscious to wake up with the memory of baby John in his crib wailing for his Mother. I groaned and forced myself to wake up despite in pain. 
I wound up with another memory of a female Sonya dressed as a nurse came into the room and picked up baby John by an arm wrapped around him. I saw the Sonya brought John to his dead Mother's breast to suck him appearing to suck. I saw her sighed and made a motion to allow the baby to feed off her nipple when the door to the room opened showing another nurse with pointed ears in a male form and all blue eyes creeping me out, darting inside.
The nurse holding John glared as the doctor I assumed was him with the pointed ears in a fast move yanked the baby from her and placed him back into the crib despite she protesting "Hey he need to eat!"
I saw the nurse glaring at the doctor who in response spoke "He needs blood as his main nourishment according to tests."
I saw the nurse groaned as baby John was laid back in bed while covering his Mother's breasts via adjusting the blanket. 
I heard the nurse spoke firmly "What species is he? Vampire?"
She, I saw glared at the doctor who in response gave her a glare and spoke "Actually hybrid of vampires and Human from the tests of him. This female dead, mated with a vampire and born his offspring unwillingly. It's despite polluting her body with drugs to kill a baby. This son of hers was sucking her blood from within hence she doing anything to remove him from her system. Too bad the drugs wound up killing her."
I heard the doctor's statement was sounding of fact and appeared to be true as the nurse gave a glare in response as the doctor added "Her son has been displaying vampire like traits involving him growing up to adulthood in a fast growth spurt. He'll be full grown within a year's time frame something the vampire species seemed to have."
The nurse spoke sarcastically "So what if this dead female mated with a vampire or not willingly? What makes you think it's willingly? It could have been by force judging by her body appearing to be riddled with drugs."
She kept the glare aimed at the doctor who pulled out a projectile gun from a pocket making me nervous to see and aimed it at the nurse. 
I frowned as the doctor spoke "The Ancient Ones during the rebellion of the Lower Ones as slaves freeing themselves left clear details of who those slaves are. I see from their records that you and whoever on that seaplane were formerly slaves in a rebellion and managed to hijack a seaplane to escape to the American mainland. Too bad we Americans frown on Americans from South American states being accepted into the mainland. Slavery is still ongoing in the mainland towards South Americans."
The nurse gave up a gasp of shock as the doctor pulled out a whistle and blew into it making John cry from the noises. I found Soulers, from the looks of them, appearing into sight to grab her arms forcing her while keeping ironclad grips onto her. She glared at the doctor with hatred, sensed running through her as the Soulers kept an ironclad grip onto her arms. 
The nurse glared as she spoke "What do you plan to do with me?"
She kept the glare as the doctor spoke in response "Just put her where she'll be needed as a slave, and never mind the damn offsprings' noises."
I never found what the doctor had in mind towards the nurse despite her a Sonya. I wound up waking up multiple times. That despite willed myself not to do that eye opening by shutting my eyes finding that the sickness feeling stopped being too much for me after I did the eye shutting. I felt relief when the plane landed.
John ordering me "Get the fuck out!" 
He led me to an unfamiliar tinted window vehicle which inside it was driven by a male Bloody seated in the driver's seat that looked at us while baring his fanged teeth on both upper and lower teeth in some grin smile like look.
I heard "So you found a fucking bitch to satisfy your cravings, you fucker."
John in response displayed all blue eyes and gave the male a glare creeping me out, I not hearing what he was saying to him mentally. The male in response turned around, began driving us out of the airport towards a forest, driving a dirt road seemingly lengthy boring me. That till a building looking huge and vast in size, including very tall came into sight in the middle of the forests of trees. The vehicle whatever it was wound up getting no trouble gaining entrance inside and parking the car in some underground parking lot blocked outside lights from being seen. I got out and followed John removing his scarf mask including his hood covering him to see a female Sonya wearing some feminine version of an army combat suit judging by the looks of her. She was appearing to have a muscular form by how tight the uniform was on her form. She also was appearing to ogle John in some fucking way, while looking him up and down forming some smirk look on her face making me jealous and annoyed.
I lip read her speaking in Tago language while forming some smirk look on her face "My King what are you doing here?"
I eyed John in response to see that he was making hand gestures with his hands signing words, I assumed was what he doing. I figuring out that it was a way of communicating towards people other than just me and using his Bloody mental abilities' looks. 
I shifted to look at the female that stopped the ogling and formed a big frown on her face before speaking me again lip reading her "Fine I agree with what you said. The fucking fight between Bloodies indicating a purebred status having special mental abilities to fight to death to gain the King position ends in our society. Besides there's some rules in Bloodies' society in Brazil I didn't fucking agree with period hence I here avoiding those shitty society rules. I insist that you give me sanctuary for living here in the United States. Plus avoiding going back to Brazil. In return I'll teach you how to be known as Lion publicity among the pathetic excuse of the Human species dubbed Lower Ones, by the Soulers, have dubbed the leader of this facility. Lion was reportedly was formerly some male Bloody that had King like abilities himself, just prior to going to Brazil to challenge the current King for his leadership title. I haven't heard a word since on what happened to him but heard some rumor that he's contained in some prison tortured every day via unsure of what methods used and not dead despite the challenge made. I will teach you how to behave like Lion, including his mannerism publicity when around the Human people visiting this facility involving holding the mentally insane violent Bloody Human hybrids too animalistic to function normally. The Bloodies living here as guards, the fuckers, have indicated that they don't want me to lead them or lead this facility. They have been pressuring me repeatedly for too much time to pick one of them or a male to take the leadership position. I kept putting them off using my fucking rank authority on their pressuring. It's gotten to the point that their getting furious with me enough to want to feed themselves onto me. I already selected you to do that fucking leadership job, just to get them feeding off someone else, than me. I'll make sure you know how to run this facility without acting like a puppet to my teaching period. Besides the government's leaders who visit the facility to see if they can get any of the hybrids trained to do hunting and assassin work, is getting quite suspicious to why Lion as he's dubbed, isn't showing himself around here very much.
They keep asking this question 'Where's the fucker go this time?'
That despite unexpected visitors from the government's top military members holding General leadership titles using illegal authority means to gain entrance inside to demand for Lion himself. 
I had to claim repeatedly in their faces including using my army rank to get the subject changed 'He's on a vacation with his female declared by this titled term of wife. Lion, needing a life out of running this facility.' 
The fuckers are not buying the explanation and have said ''It's a lie!' 
As always in my fucking presence, I'm sick and tired of using that same old excuse and using my army rank onto them. It's fucking disgusting having to have some pathetic piece of fucking garbage food, accuse me of lying. Come with me while I teach you and your mate, declared your wife publicity on what you should learn of being Lion."

I found that John was a quick learner of what this female dubbing herself Major taught him on running the facility and going around as Lion wearing a business suit and a mask covering the face from the nose down. That's due to Lion publicity not willing to bare mouth to people visiting the facility. 
Including told by John on my asking "How will you communicate to the restless government officials visiting the jail?"
He said "Lion used some handheld computer to type words down in some language dubbed English as the U.S.'s official language to people in his presence." 
I'm wound up pestering him "Please teach me the English language!"
It happened soon after we got into Lion's official apartment in the city of Nova in the United States' Canadian territory of Yukon. The city is bordering the forest where the facility's location was. I still not knowing what's the facility and forest called.
Despite pestering John "Tell me the name of both the forest and facility please." He has refused to give a name or any name. He obeyed to the English language teaching me to the point that I was able to read the language and read the books scattered around in the apartment in bookcases. He also refused to let me join him at the facility instead ignored my requests. 
"Please take me with you to the facility." I would always say to him. 
John in response would give me a blue eyed glare and cut the begging short by thrusting a fist aimed at me and making me sense he was angry while displaying blue armored clothes on his form. This refusal left me having to go out of the apartment to explore the city dubbed Nova by myself. I kept on finding the explorations could only be done when the sun wasn't shining, due to developing some sunburn like rash that was very painful on my skin, indicating it's why the Bloodies were covered up in the sunlight. The town appeared to be some town focused onto tourists visiting the area or traveling through it on the way to the U.S.'s state of Alaska, bordering the town's limits due to seeing signs on roads indicating that.
I wound up on one visit to a bar at night time to hear abruptly sounding in my mind "Unnecessary on using him. 
That hybrid said what I wanted to hear from him which is the words 'I surrender'. 
I have taken the liberty of transporting him to your residence in the forest. Oh if you wish to interrogate him use someone else other than the Soulers. This hybrid is immune to the Soulers' mental abilities which is speak they can’t use his mind walking powers or will seen as a threat. You can use; an Ancient One dubbed Victor can get information via verbal talk."
I heard an edge in the voice tone I figured belonged to a Souler sounding loudly within my mind in the bar, dubbing John as a hybrid; I figured was what he was talking about. I frowned hearing the edge in the speaker's voice as I found myself surrounded by Soulers in the bar making me nervous unexpectedly. 
I frowns thinking "There’s something suspicious going on from the Souler's wording." 
I figured thinking "The town's people are hiding something from me like that shanty town's Soulers did to me. It's like they hid the memory of that vampire changing me into a Sonya despite not sure of it." 
I frowned as I sat next to the bar sipping my drink of beer. It tasting god awful to me as I noticed one of the Soulers had managed to get onto a cell phone and was talking onto it. 
I lip read him saying "Yes, the trap has already been sprung. The hybrid has been captured and is in containment now."
I felt myself annoyed at the Souler sounding again hiding something from me. He, I saw stood up to pace keeping himself within vicinity of the bar while still on the cell phone a device stuck to his ear, I found was ignored by the other bar's patrons who were too drunk to notice.
The Souler again spoke again making me think he was annoyed "I'm telling you the truth!" 
This was followed by a pause then Souler added speaking "We Soulers, as you call us Ancient Ones, are in contact with that hybrid dubbing himself Nightwalker. He appears to have a sense to overhear what we're communicating to each other via mental talk. This hybrid, John, appears to have figured out our traps despite our attempts to capture him, which we managed to capture him this time using the Huntsman. He fell for the trap of the Huntsman targeting him and wound up captured."
I stiffened hearing the name of John, spoken while finding the Soulers about four of them were standing around the one on the cell phone looking nasty with their blue eyes aimed at him. 
I looked away to sip my drink finding my appetite gone as I heard blasting in my mind "I'll talk on who you're talking to, Major. You seem to be talking to someone else other than us about some so called mental ability you know I don't seem to have."
I heard in response "Yes, the Soulers are aware of the hybrid, can hear us chatter anywhere on in this ridiculous prison I just came from. I'm not kidding that he has that ability actually. The Soulers from mind scanning him are asking certain questions related to him being partially a Souler. The Soulers are very curious as to who he is despite not sure of his records. That despite the hybrid resisting our attempts to bring him to civilization and among his kind to live with hence they acting threatening towards him. It's the Soulers' normal way of getting him to civilization to be domesticated and out of living off land like some ridiculous gonoid having gonoid language."
I felt myself disgusted hearing the Souler's talk that sounded like he was smirking happy by the smile on his lips. 
I kept my mind blank in response as there was another Souler voice blasting "Why couldn't you have our leader fully explain to that hybrid, freak what us, Soulers are trying to do towards him? None of this threatening behavior us, Soulers are doing towards him, as a hybrid would be used including the vampires' attempts to get him underneath their servitude."
I continued to hear from the Souler sounding smirking "Yes he's a sucker alright, sucks blood as his nourishment. The trap of using his female as bait wound up sprung and he's captured hah."
I frowns hearing the wordings of a smirking tone involving a female as bait to a trap, confusing me. 
I continued to hear "Alright, his name is John, but dubbed Nikolas by the vampires, despite calling himself Nightwalker, a hybrid Souler, vampire, Ancient One like us, Soulers hanging around him have recognized. Hence they were letting him live instead of trying to kill him. He’ll be better off living with others, contained instead of isolated and alone and suffering from various medical ailments while struggling to survive among the Lower Ones' town folk with that miserable excuse of a female of his suffering from medical ailments." 
I twisted to glare at the Soulers and mentally spoke in response "I'm not suffering from various medical ailments! Take back that comment now!"
I heard from the Souler eyeing me spoke "Fine you asked for it for eavesdropping you bitch!"
I saw a lightening flash show in front of me followed by fading away showing the Soulers all five of them kneeling on one knee. I frowned seeing in place was a male appearing to be a twin to the Soulers to the spoken one's appearance but had shorter hair and wearing a twin armored uniform as his and had his helmet in his arms while staring at my direction before giving the kneeling Soulers a glare. I saw the Ancient One, I figured was the male, had a glare on his face making me sigh as he kept on glancing at my direction and towards the Soulers. The bar's patrons not concerned by the light show or the appearing Souler I assumed was him. I felt annoyance take control as I saw the Souler put his helmet onto the floor and held up his hands in a surrender gesture while still giving me a pleading expression to my confusion. 
I felt an odd sense go off to frown with confusion thinking "Something wrong is going on here."
I heard "No that is me mentally communicating with you actually."
I frowns hearing the voice sounding in my mind that sounded male to me and not like a Souler as I focused onto the Ancient One.
I frowned as the Ancient One made a gesture while again hearing "My name is Victor. I know your name is Mara. No need to introduce yourself."
I kept the frown while seeing the gestures the Ancient One made to indicate he was the one speaking the mental voice sounding in my mind. 
I speak mentally "Mental talk? Is that a way for me to communicate with you other than verbal talk?"
I while eyeing Victor I figured was the Ancient One whose mouth remained shut as I again heard "Yes it's a way for us Ancients to communicate. There are a few lucky ones who can use verbal words. Including communicate towards the Lower Ones another name for the Human species who isn't one of us."
I clamped a hand over my mouth and shut my mouth was into a thin line despite shocked.
I mentally spoke towards Victor "Then what's going on with my vampire I'm paired to dubbed John? I've overheard the talk by your fellows talking about some trap to my confusion."
I frowned as Victor pulled out his sword weapon from scabbard attached to his back and gestured for me to surrender. I discovered myself obeyed to be tempted to charge at Victor despite my senses blaring danger. I held up my hands in a surrender gesture and halted my tempting charge as Victor put away his sword which realizing I was dreaming of this scene between the Ancient One and another vampire male. 
I saw via dream, Victor's eyes remained all blue as I heard a voice in my mind mentally spoke "Is my eyes the same as yours?"
I stared at Victor who continued to stare at me back with blue eyes unblinkingly as the male mentally spoke "Your eyes are the same color as mine but are more formed as the Lower Ones actually"
I with the eyes narrowed in a glare aimed Victor as I heard via mind mentally spoke "Anything else I should know regarding being an Ancient One-"
I was interrupted "You're not an Ancient One fully but a Terrain as we, Ancient Ones dub you and your people born on Terra to both an Ancient One and a Lower One."
I found my senses stopped blaring warning unexpectedly to my relief despite Victor remained standing staring at me; this time I noticed I had a male form and appearing to be twin to the vampires in black armored clothes. I saw Victor frowning as he folded his arms while staring at me and felt warmth abruptly all around me. I found myself in an all white colored room with Victor facing me. 
I heard myself gave up "Hmph no wonder your dubbed Forbidden One, always getting others to surrender from acts of war." 
I felt annoyance take hold as Victor continued to frown visibly. 
I mentally spoke recalling the language the Souler spoke his worded comments fully in mind "I'm not happy that the Soulers, the Lower Ones and vampires didn’t bother to explain what they were trying to do towards me despite acting threatening towards me. I had to defend myself from their attacks including being a victim of them."
Victor's eyes I saw widen looking shock to me. 
The voice spoke mentally glaring at Victor, ignoring the shocked response "What name are you called actually besides the name of Victor?"
I saw something of removed mask of a black round helmet. I frowned seeing Victor's facial reaction was shock by the eyes remaining wide. I frowned as Victor cocked his head forming a far away expression on his face like recalling something. I eyed Victor who shook his head and then focused onto me and the male I was dreaming of's face.
I heard the male again mentally spoke "My name as given to me is always John and no other name. The Meritanian or Sages, as they called themselves, explained to me, some time  ago that some Meritanian dubbing himself, Ramses, transported my Father, Nikolas off a planetary world dubbed Shadan during some battle fight to the world I'm now on. I've been living off land for awhile despite trying to count the suns unnoticed trapped in my status as a Lower One. I came upon a Souler as identified by one of Terra's Sages, when asked what species they were while in this jungle mess seeking my female I wanted back. The Souler at first acted threatening towards me as in picking a fight with me despite my attempts to be friendly with them a view that was shared with the others. I've been fighting vampires, Soulers and Lower Ones for awhile and didn’t know that they changed their views towards me as in trying to help me and get me to civilization." 
Victor, I saw didn't comment while hearing an odd sound. I saw Victor shifted sideways to look. I saw Victor was looking at male wearing similar clothing to John's facility suit with even longer hair than then what I saw from but he had a black cape jutting from his back and his eyes were all blue creep me out. 
I frowned as I heard from Victor unexpectedly "That's Lion, a leader of the vampires living in this town including controlling us Soulers, I've been talking about. The Soulers with him are his guards."
I found Nikolas I call the vampire, via eyesight eyeing John I figured I'll call him, warily while seeing his narrowed his all blue colored eyes while staring at him I sensed still making, Nikolas nervous.
I heard Nikolas, spoke mentally abruptly "I know that Soulers like the Elves are mind walkers. I know that there's offsprings of the Soulers that are a part of species called vampire that are feeding off Lower Ones to satisfy their blood lust. I wound up as a victim of one of the offspring and became what I am now."
I saw Victor disappear in a flash of lightening show to him. I frowned as John kept up the eyed glare sensing anger from him. I stiffened from the anger sensed as John looked at his guards before moving his head chin out aimed at Nikolas' via the eyesight.
I wound up hearing "Don't worry you'll be fine I'll protect you period." 
I frowned at the voice sounding in my mind to see John's guards wearing black metallic armored clothes and round heads, dart towards Nikolas as he dropped his helmet. He, I saw, kept his hands in front of him in a surrender gesture as one of the guards pulled out a projectile gun from hidden pockets on their sides. The gun made me nervous as the guards reached Nikolas. He, I kept on watching via Nikolas' eyesight, stood as one guard with the gun stood back watching him. I found the other guard went towards him and proceeded to feel the male's armored clothes all over not sparing his privates like expertly knowing how to do it in some patting method. Nikolas, I sensed, stood feeling compelled not to resists to the pat down by the guard as the guard picked up his helmet. I felt Nikolas' regret having the helmet off of him. I frowned as the guard backed off once he was done with the pat down. I eyed the guard with a gun who put away the weapon and went towards him to grab his arm as the other guard did the same despite still holding onto his helmet. Nikolas, I saw, found himself pushed and pulled out of the room following John into a hallway I assumed what it was. I felt the guards' hands off of Nikolas along with blinking my eyes to find myself contained in a jail cell from the looks of it. 
I heard unexpectedly "My leader stop being panicky. I transported this John, hybrid, to the brig in the facility. I suspect that your people will get nosy enough to manipulate him to speak what he knows of you and the deal with the Soulers enough to kill him. It's just to shut him up since you don't want your secrets known. His presence seen by the Soulers will give them complete access to his mind unlike me mentally instructing the guard to pat him down via manipulation. I managed to do that helping without saying any words towards him. John, can really hear the Soulers talking no matter where he is in the facility hence he going to go crazy from that. He seems to have some kind of mental ability tuned to the both of them talking. Don't worry. It'll make him go insane like a lunatic."
I exhaled a breath hearing the voice's talk as there was eyesight focused onto the door to the cell was opened followed by three guards, appearing to be Soulers like Victor, entering. Nikolas stood with his hands up as the guards reached him to grab his arms. I felt Nikolas' annoyance take hold as they pushed him backwards till something like a wall was felt hitting his back halting the pushing. I saw Nikolas felt something like manacles placed onto his wrists chaining him to the wall. I stiffened from the chaining as the guards darted out of the cell slamming the door with a bang sound. 
I heard "The chains you're wearing are only to keep you in the cell and not to restrict your movements while contained. You have freedom to move around despite wearing the chains."
I frowns hearing the voice sounding monotone and alien that stopped talking. Nikolas, I sensed found the chains on him were attached to a ring of metal attached to the wall that felt cold to the touch. He, I saw via his eyesight explored the cell finding nothing to indicate a window for him to see outside. I saw that the cell's door had a window with eater lights glimpsed glimmering. I sniffed my nose and couldn't smell the eater's familiar smell. Nikolas wound up heard groaned loudly before going to a bench he saw to sit down leaning against the wall. 
He mentally spoke while hearing him blasting "This containment is going to take awhile before I'm freed and declared insane."
I heard from the alien voice "Don't worry about the containment. I'll keep in contact with the leader to make sure you receive the proper nourishment. Just be patient. The containment is going to take awhile before you're freed like you said." 
I exhaled a breath from the vision hitting me and resumed staring out the apartment's window despite sleepiness hitting me. This time I felt myself, carried and then laid down on the bed and my eyes forced shut via a hand to dream of a male I saw with recognition was John looking like he was in distress upset to me. I wasn't sure why he appeared to look like he was in distress only to remain in bed sleeping on and off as if sick with a sickness of expelling something via my mouth. I kept on finding myself too dizzy to sit up from the bed as I found myself kept on throwing up via the side of the bed and felt a hand rubbing my forehead. I was satisfied that I got the love status from John. He caring about me while I was sick but the caring was only short lived. 

I cried to myself while contained in the apartment I was wearing a rough blue jumpsuit on my form via the bed. I found John seemed once I was better started to ignore my declarations of love behavior towards him. He kept on shutting me down enough to get depressed too much to hole up in the closet among his clothes. John wound up leaving me crying in there for awhile me refusing to come out. I wound up grunted an annoyed sound as I felt a kick of a foot onto my stomach.
I was hearing John's angry voice blasting "Get out of the fucking closet and use the bed for sleeping now!"
I steeled myself not to cry anymore and opened my eyes while giving John a glare of anger. I kept the glare while fisting my hands as John grabbed my arm and lifted me to my feet, yanking me from the closet. I wiped my eyes while glaring at John who roughly pulled me out of the closet's cell into the bedroom lighted by lights despite unable to smell the eaters. I kept the glare as John kept on pulling me through the bedroom and then into the hallway passed doors in the apartment I paused from walking to stare at a closed door as if drawn. It led to the spare bedroom despite unsure why I was stopping. 
I got from John blasting in my mind "Keep walking. Ignore that fucking door or else."
I obeyed and didn't protest as John pulled me out of the apartment to the stairwell going downstairs multiple stairs including smelling something musty and stinky like water leak. It made me nervous as he got me to the basement and lead me to a door in the hallway showing a small room I figured was some kind of lift room.
"It's an elevator." I heard from John blasting in my mind.
I kept my thoughts to myself as John got me inside the small room and pressed a button on the wall followed by the motion of floating down in a fast move. I found lights in the small room blinking on and off as the elevator, I assumed it was gone down with a fast speed move. I kept the glare forcing myself to remain calm despite furious with myself for having a crying fit while contained in a closet. I glared at John who without a word pulled me out of the elevator to show a dark hallway using night vision. John stopped once we reached a dead end to reach a wall followed by stopping to stand holding my arm with a hand. I frowned as there were lights flashing above followed by the wall in front of me entirely split into two pieces like a door showing a hallway all grey looking from metal. I saw John, kept the glare on his face as he pulled me into the hallway and kept on pulling me further into it as I peered behind. I saw the doors resume a wall status as the lights quit flashing. I frowned inwardly as John hauled me further into the metallic hallway till they reached a wall off my left. I kept the glare as John made a wave with his hand followed by the wall moving like a sliding door showing a red floored lighted room with inky blackness via the ceiling from what I glimpsed. I frowned as John pulled me inside to find Soulers, I shocked to see, slide the door wall shut showing it was matching black walls and didn't indicate of where it began in the wall. I frowned as John pulled me further into the room I looking around to find multiple Souler guards standing around scattered in the room as I spotted a female figure wearing twin armored clothes as the guards but had long blonde hair with eyes shut seated crossed legged onto a pillow. The female seated there unnerved me enough to make me nervous as John pulled me making a beeline towards the seated female. I frowned as John got me to an arm length away from the seated female followed by forced to kneel in front of her with a hand on my shoulder holding my position. I exhaled a breath as the seated female, Ancient One, I figured was the female but not sure of her position opened her eyes showing them all black looking creeping me out further. It made me gulp as the female a Souler appeared to be staring at me lengthy making me think my soul was being read. 
I frowned further as the female Souler's voice blared in my mind "Tell me what your greatest desire is?"
I wound up speaking mentally towards her "I want someone to love me and me to love them back."
I heard a gasp sound from behind but was prevented from looking by John keeping me in position. 
I got from the female Souler in response "How important is this love status as your greatest desire?"
I spoke mentally "I'll do anything for the love status including paying any price for it including my own life."
I frowned as I heard "Impossible! This payment she's offering isn't suitable for you to accept!"
I frowned further with my lips despite hearing the male voice blasting in my mind as the female Souler looked passed me with eyes narrowed I hearing nothing from her. I frowned as the female Souler appeared to form a look of disapproval on her facial expression followed by hearing nothing more from the male voice blasting in my mind. 
I again got the female Souler focusing onto me and blasting "What else do you know of this love status you wish to get?"
I spoke as if compelled words coming from my mind "I hoped to get the love status from John. He's a blood drinker with an ability to move in a blurring speed. He avoided drinking from me when we were together in Rio Pluto. The vampires paired us together for mating urges I was having hitting me. No offsprings were formed from the mating-" 
"Mama!" I heard blared in my mind interrupting my talk.
I frowned hearing the voice sounded in a male tone and seemed familiar to me as I eyed the female Souler who without a word held up a hand from her thigh in a payment gesture. I groaned softly finding John had let go of my shoulder and was behind me from senses cued to him. 
I recalled the Mama word spoken was spoken for a child crying for its Mother spoke mentally "I pay you with my offspring to be taught how to live as one of you."
I clamped my mouth shut as the female Souler resumed putting her hand onto her thigh and shut her eyes as I found my arm grabbed by John this time wearing metallic blue armor. His clothes made me realize that it wasn't John who pulled me to meet the female Souler some fortune teller instead used a John disguise to hide himself from me. I didn't say a word as the guard I assumed was him, pulled me into a standing position and pulled me away from the female Souler. I eyed the room finding the guard pulled her to a wall that opened like a door instead of sliding apart. I frowned as the guard pulled me into the doorway and then pushed me onto the padded floor I felt onto my seat and found my arm freed. I looked around as the guard's form faded from view with the door to the room banging shut with a bang vibration felt. 
I looked around finding myself in an apparent padded room to frown thinking to myself "What's going on? What can be done about me gaining this love status I wanted?"
I frowned getting nothing in answer to my question frowned while remained seated and folded my legs to wrap my arms around them.
I mentally added to myself "John, where are you?"
I heard nothing in response to my question instead remained seated on the floor till my familiar cramps hit again indicating I needed to mate. It confused me to why I was feeling that way. Anyway the door to the cell opened followed by John or his twin walking inside wearing his familiar metallic armored clothes.
The twin blasted to me "Lie down onto the floor now!"
I was compelled to obey to do it as the twin stripped my jumpsuit off my form revealing my naked status. I wound up staring at the ceiling as the twin had his way with me in a fucking mating way. I wound up eyeing a black window as if drawn to sense anger from there making me nervous unexpectedly as the twin quit fucking me and forced my eyes shut which I passed out unconscious.

I wound up sleeping on and off while contained in that room despite feeling pains of my abdomen area I wasn't sure what it involved. I was kept from getting up by the familiar Souler guard kept putting a foot onto my shoulder keeping me to lie down. I didn't protest after another time of forced to lie down and kept on staring at the black window as if drawn. I kept sensing anger coming from it as the pains in my abdomen got worse and worse. I unable to see what was going on by the guard holding a blanket from my neck up blocking my view. I dimly heard a crying sound as pressures and pain quit followed by the blanket removed. I found myself focusing onto a guard holding an object in his hands that was squirming and moving and seemed like a little person. I knew instantly that it was a baby from the looks of the thing as the guard without showing me the being left the room and I found my jumpsuit put back onto my form. I wound up rolling over curling into a ball with a hand on my abdomen that felt flat to me, while groaning mentally from the soreness of the area. I didn't protest as John's twin entered the room and grabbed my arm pulling me up. He forced me to walk out of the room and out of the rugged floor room I noticing the female Souler was still there seated with eyes shut. I wound up too sick to pay attention to where we were going or where I was being led to. I kept on focusing onto the guard's face as he pulled me in an unknown direction till he got me to lie down onto my familiar bed.
I wound up told "Don't get up till you're told to do it. Just remain asleep in bed now."
Needless to say I wound up obeying sleeping on and off while in bed till John was sensed getting into the bed with me. I sensed that he was angry about something via the vibrations of anger he kept on giving. I wound up moving to put my head onto his chest I felt had nothing to indicate muscles to me, despite no protest from him. 
I fell asleep as a result till John woke me up one evening blaring in my head "Get the fuck up now! You slept in bed for enough time! So fucking get up!"
I obeyed despite sore in my abdomen to find John standing in the doorway a glare on his face while clad in his familiar uniform of Lion's with the cape. 
I stared at John warily who blasted "You smell stinky so go take a fucking shower now!"
I obeyed despite getting no assistance from John in the bathroom. Instead he stared at me while I was in the shower stall soaping myself all over including feeling my sore abdomen that felt normal to me. I found John shutting off the shower water via hand onto the faucet once I was finished washing the soap off. 
He snarled, I heard "You've been in there long enough so get the fuck out!"
I didn't protest to grab my towel drying myself underneath John's eyes he kept on giving me a glare. John grabbed my arm once I was done drying to tear the towel away. I remained naked while underneath his scrutiny. 
I frowned as John ordered "Get dressed now!"
I found no clothes in the bathroom for me to get dressed so I was forced to walk by John sensed giving off a growling noise within my mind. I went to the closet to find a pair of John's sweats including a t-shirt which I put on. I eyed John warily who without a word grabbed my arm and pulled and pushed me out of the bedroom passed the spare bedroom's door I noticing was ajar. He refused to let me stop to peek into the spare bedroom instead got me to the kitchen unit to sit onto a stool. I sat while eyeing John working in the kitchen seeing the male preparing a drink of blood from a wine bottle from the wine cooler. I licked my lips when smelling the blood in anticipation only to find John gulping the cup's contents instead of feeding me. I felt dejected and went to the refrigerator to find rows of tomato juice and nothing else inside. I forced myself to pour a cup of tomato juice and found myself gulping it down. I managed to gulp two cups of that till John yanked the tomato juice's bottle from my hand and yanked the cup from me.
I heard him snarl "You drank enough so go sit the fuck down!"
I found John ignored me standing staring at him putting the cups into the dishwashing machine and the blood bottle back into the wine cooler he locked via key and then put the tomato juice back into the refrigerator. 
This time I noticed my laptop computer still plugged into its socket in the wall next to an armchair and figured to myself "I might as well go type something down."
I proceeded to do while ignored by John I glanced up at him watching the TV monitor with a blue eyed glare on his face. His blue eyed glare made me nervous but I kept on typing-

John interrupted my typing by yanking the laptop away from me and yelled at me "Go to bed! You spend an enough time on that fucking thing! So go to sleep now!"
I obeyed to go to our bedroom to lie down in bed finding John was sitting in the armchair and staring at me. 
I kept mentally speaking to him he not giving me a response "John, join me in bed now."
I found John ignored me by leaning back in the armchair and appeared to have fallen asleep which I forced myself to lie in bed shutting my eyes. I felt further dejected from the rejection John was giving me. I slept in bed ignoring everything all around me even having a dream. I wound up screaming mentally waking myself up from slumber thinking of a familiar crying male I recognized from my memory as John. This time John appeared to look like his body was still covered with scars while floating in a pool of water and looking unconscious. I exhaled a breath finding John's familiar armored clothes were off his form as a figure with armored hands grabbed his body from a pool of water and hauled him out. I wound up watching via dream as John shook his head shaking the status of unconscious from him while groaning loudly before resuming an unconscious status and still appearing to look too hurt to wake up. I wound up woken up by the dream and found John no where in sight in the bedroom. The shades were glowing indicated of sunlight shining behind them. I forced myself to get up and left the bedroom to find the spare bedroom's door closed and locked when I put a hand on the doorknob. I sensed that John was sleeping in there away from me to my disgust. I went to the laptop computer to type my dream. 
I spoke mentally “What happened to my male, John I've been dreaming in my mind?"
I heard blaring in my mind abruptly “That male you've been dreaming had his life saved by the Ancient Ones dubbed Soulers. Their using the life saving as a debt for him to pay with you bearing one of their offsprings as a payment."
I stiffened from the voice sounding male in my mind I'm not sure where it came from. 
I wound up to hear the voice spoke in response to my stiffening "Don’t worry I’ll talk to the Soulers' Queen about doing something about you to gain what you wanted which is love status. Having you not getting your love status from John or anyone isn’t good for your health. Don't worry I'll work on getting you love from someone else even if I have to break up you and John.”
I didn’t respond kept my mind blank sensing the voice wanted me to talk via the voice tone sighed and mentally spoke “What do you mean you're not reuniting John and I together? Don't hide that voice tone of yours! I recognize, you seem to know that there's something more regarding my situation so talk!"
I heard in response “John's Father, Nikolas's origins, is he wound up off planet put through a gate via a fellow Meritanian, like I named Walls, answering to the name of Ramses. The Soulers' spies, report that some group dubbed High Council another name of the Elves' leadership have taken Nikolas on as one of their servants having him serve them to do assassination work. I feel sorry for Nikolas due to that he’s lost his purpose to live after being banished from Shadan and have nothing to go on except serving the High Council as some assassin who kills people without mercy on the group’s orders. Its rather a pity anyway that his son John, a hybrid Souler vampire like he is, wound up told a negative version of his Father, told some negative version and brainwashed enough to want his own Father dead by his hands once he’s grown. Hence John hesitant to give out any declarations of love towards females on account of told a trashy story of his Mother wanting him dead the moment he was conceived within her-”
I interrupted to mentally speak "What will get John to get it that I want the love status from him and him to accept this status from me in return?"
I wound up hearing from the voice I figured was belonged to a Meritanian as he dubbed himself by the odd name of Walls “Ah I highly doubt that will happen due to that the Queen has ordered the son be trained by Soulers with emphasis to trash his parents to him including making him sympathize with their warring cause with the High Council here on Terra. They omitted giving him anything involving love status to him and him doing it in return. Hence he doesn't know what to do with the love status being declared to him via a female like you or reciprocate back. Also the Soulers used their views to John as reason why they didn’t want him to grow up copying what his Father did as an assassin of the High Council or underneath his Mother’s influence as a Lower One not wanting to carry him to full term."
I frowned hearing the Meritanian's sarcastic voice tone heard him become silent mentally spoke “I dreamed that John and I mated while I was contained in a shanty town before we were forced to separate. I sent to Rio Pluto for him to mate with actually. Wouldn’t there be any offspring from that mating?”
I frowned as the voice seemed silent before the Meritanian spoke “Well I confess I can detect when females are carrying for the first time and it doesn’t matter if their Ancient One or Lower One. I’m not detecting that from you now but I did detect you carrying offsprings in a pouch way of a male and a female together which you managed to birth while unconscious in some drugged status. You were sickened with a drug to help keep you asleep while you were carrying. Besides I still haven’t figured out which Souler told the Queen that John would kill you when he's with you together in response to you letting one of the Soulers or Ancient Ones mate with you to create an offspring. He's still angry about that and wants you dead despite me repeatedly talking him out of it."
I wound up mentally yelling "I won't kill John! I want him as my mate and mine to give me the love status I wanted and I giving him that back in response!"
The Meritanian I heard continued blaring ignoring my outburst "Soulers can detected their minds scanned and some of them don’t know about me, Walls and Kiddy but from mind scans aren’t keen on us. The Lower Ones from mind scanned seemed to be accepting us even when we communicate with them.” 
I exhaled a breath to sit up and mentally yelled "Walls, get John to get it that I love him and will do anything for the love status I wanted from him! Hence I was letting another mate with me for an offspring!”
I heard from Walls after a lengthy silence “Hey my Queen what are you planning on doing with that Ancient One dubbed John contained in a cell on word of a Souler, had put there?”
I frowned as Walls became silent and eyed the hallway to get up going to the spare bedroom to put a hand on the doorknob finding it remained locked. I wound up confused to what Walls, I assumed was the Meritanian's name was blaring about involving containment. I went back to the armchair and resumed sitting down typing onto the laptop despite hearing silence from Walls. 
I wound up hearing from him again “That Ancient One in question is a hybrid vampire Souler dubbed Nikolas who fathered an offspring hybrid named John. Nikolas, like I already told you, came from off planet transported through a gate and was living in South America, surviving off land. He lived like that as an assassin till some vampire dubbed Achilles got interested in him and made contact. I warn you contact turned out terrible and Achilles ordered him captured which vampires had trouble doing it. His capture was due to this forbidden Ancient One, you don't like very much, and who must not be named successfully meeting him and talking him down to surrender. It's which I was able to transport the both of them to the asylum where Nikolas was examined then thrown in a cell contained in the water ship's brig where he’s been there since put down into a sleeping status by us Meritanians. Nikolas admits that he's got a female he values named Georgina, who's the Human female that died birthing John. She's whose body; you already got contained in asleep in a cryogenic tube. It's him who's the father of this hybrid dubbed John, despite he able to father a female Souler via Mara a Sonya female which comes from him being partially Souler actually.” 
I heard nothing more from Walls but a lengthy silence then the Meritanian was heard “Oh I confess that Nikolas has some kind of mental mind ability that is cued to myself and Kiddy which means he can always hear us talking and it doesn’t matter where he is for he’ll always hear us talk period. Hence he down asleep by us just to avoid hearing him whine of hearing us and wanting us to shut up” 
I sighed and leaned my back against the armchair with a frown to sensing vibrations of thudding become more intense along with banging vibrations of something from the spare bedroom banging away. I frowned wondering what was going on till the door to the spare bedroom I saw slammed open and I blinked from the glare of John with a form of an armored Souler blinking back and forth, walking out clad in his familiar suit I saw via the vision he having an all blue eyed glare. I stiffened from the glare as John or his twin ignored me staring at him and proceeded to make himself a drink of blood from the wine cooler as in gulping down a bottle. He wound up without another word put on his mask, appearing to be a helmet and left the apartment slamming the door I felt the vibrations of the bang. 
I heard from Walls “Yes, my Queen that’s Nikolas's offspring, John himself, alone and forgotten in a jail cell very rudely, so do something about him. It’s not good for his health to remain where he is anyway.” 
I grimaced from sleepiness hitting me and leaned back shutting my eyes to dream a dream again despite unsure of who Walls was blaring about. I dreamed that I woke up via the light’s glare as figures came into view with clanking sounds very loudly. Despite unsure of how I could hear the noises, which I didn’t resists as the chains on my wrists and ankles were yanked off and my arms grabbed and hauled off the bench towards the light. I shut my eyes from the glare as I felt myself halted and felt a hand feminine touching my cheek and felt some odd sense within me that told me my mind was being scanned which I kept my eyes shut in response. I felt the scanning seemed lengthy along with the sense persisted then the hand removed itself from my cheek with the sense stopped and the light I sensed shined elsewhere. He, I assumed was my John, jerked open his eyes as he was hauled out of the cell through a hallway lighted by glowing lamps that appeared to something else than eaters to me. I frowned recognizing the female fortune teller Souler in front of him with two Souler guards behind her as she led the way out of the brig taking a route through the vessel that appeared to look familiar. It reminded me of my time aboard a sea vessel being trained to fight the vampires, despite feeling a tipping feeling indicating it, till they reached a door and he was thrust inside seeing it was a small bedroom. He stood looking around and heard a throat clearing noise behind. I wound up thrust out of his eyesight to see John fully via his body while floating next to him. He looked like he was healed of his scarring all over his body. 
I saw he looked to see the Souler fortune teller female my senses blared telling me she was not the original one I met but another version who spoke “You’ll find everything you need in this room. Nourishment will be brought to you at a later time. Don’t think of leaving the room for guards have been ordered to bring you down on sight. Now I suggest you stay in this room for your own good due to that I’m trying to find some purpose for you to do other than the purpose of the Meritanians begging for your freedom so stay please.” 
I frowns hearing the word please to see John give a head bob as the Souler female left the room with guards shutting the door. I heard a lock click sound and heard John sighed loudly to watch him explore the room. I saw him went to the room's entrance and found that the door refused to open or budge from its closed status despite his hand’s manipulations. I exhaled a breath to watch John look around the room seeing it was a small bedroom looking twin to the one I stayed in, holding various furniture which he spotted a doorway went to it to see it was a bathroom with an area that appeared to be a small shower facility I sighed and saw John walked passed the sink to spot a figure in it which he stopped and stared seeing himself that moved when he moved. 
I heard from Walls blaring in my mind “John, that’s called a mirror a reflective glass that shows what you look like.”
John wound up seen sighed hearing that and again heard from Walls instructing him on the use of the bathroom facilities to my confusion. It's despite wondering if John actually knew how to use them or he had forgotten like I was and had his mind wiped. I wasn't sure of the mind wiping as I kept on watching John. John, I saw, obeyed finding that the Meritanian wasn’t kidding about what he said and even took his shower. I sighed feeling myself better from John doing the shower along with the use of soap to sense him happy from that. He, I saw, walked out once done completely washed from the soap and shampoo he used on his body and walked out of shower stall to go to a towel which he eyed with a frown on instructions from the Meritanian. I was still confused to why John was clueless on the bathroom and its uses and figured to myself that I'll get an answer later. He picked up the towel and dried himself then he picked up the object with two fingers and carried it arm length in front of him out of the bathroom to a chair. He dumped and took a look around to spot something resembling folded clothes was on the bed. John put on the clothes that appeared to be twin to his sweats expertly including the shoes. John, once done exploring the room went to the bed with a frown while appearing to be lost in thought via the expression on his face. He wound up sat on it leaning against the padded headboard eyes on the door to see it open with the lock clicking to see a guard come into the room carrying a cup which smell of blood assaulted me making my stomach rumble in hunger. I woke up to eye John or his twin holding a cup of blood underneath my nose. 
He blasted within my mind as I eyed him "Get the fuck up now! You've slept long enough!"
I obeyed to get out of bed and wound up going to the living room of the apartment finding John's twin going into the spare bedroom with a bang vibration. I smelled blood and went to investigate to find the cup, John's twin held, down on the floor which I picked up and gulped down. I carried the cup out and put it in the dish washer followed by resuming typing onto the laptop seemingly lengthy till I started to fall asleep. 
I thought to myself "I'm not sleeping in bed till John is returned to me. I love him dearly."
I found my senses blaring warning abruptly as I fell asleep. 

I dreamed of John lying in a bed asleep only woken up by a shocked expression on his face. I saw John get up and dart off the bed and darted towards a cup sitting on the floor I figured he was finding it contained his familiar bloody drink along with using the use of cloth called a napkin for wiping his mouth once done drinking which he proceeded to do finding himself terribly hungry and once done got up and went back to the bed to sit leaning back on the headboard. John I watched appeared to have, felt himself tired shut his eyes. I wound up to only open my own eyes with a start which I looked around in the dim light of the apartment, to spot a figure standing in front of the apartment's entrance door. I wound up from looks of him figured that he was an Ancient One from the looks of him.
I eyed him to hear "I'm called Victor the Forbidden One."
I stared at Victor wearing a helmet covering his head sensing the male was staring at me back along with my odd senses of friendship hitting me which I frowned from the feeling. I continued to stare at Victor as light became dimmer which I sensed the familiar friendship feeling stopped then the male shook his head in a Human, no gesture then turned around and disappeared in a flash of light.
I felt confusion to why Victor was dubbed forbidden one and mentally spoke as I recalled John "Why isn't I with John like I hoped? Including getting my love status from him and him to receive it?"
I heard nothing in answer to my thoughts got up from the armchair and began to pace till I felt a compulsion to sit down which I obeyed.
I heard from Walls abruptly “That Ancient One detected in the residence with Mara, as she's called, is the Forbidden One in question. He was checking out some rumor about Mara involving the description of her who John gave to Ancient Ones as the one he met in Rio Pluto for a mating game or in Human terms a fucking. That rumor was said that Mara met John causing trouble for the current King Nightwalker and got paired to him as an excuse to bring him down. She according to the rumor got John to surrender to her in a mating way, which made it easy for the vampires to capture him and tried to mind wipe him of his memories. They wound up keeping him contained in a jail cell till I managed to transport him out with a deal made with Nightwalker in question. Don't ask me what the deal was.” 
I mentally spoke "Interesting, but when can I be with John-"
I was interrupted by Walls speaking “Hey my Queen, I’m not kidding on what’s said about John and Mara being paired together.”
I heard a pause followed by Walls continuing speaking “John from knowing him was dependant on the natives of the South American states to help give him a purpose to live other than serving Nightwalker in some god deity method. The South Americans gave him a purpose to live while living on Terra due to that he didn’t want to hang around Nightwalker as an assassin of him and his people. He refused at first when Nightwalker caught him and tried to get him to serve him and his six social groups. John wound up using the South Americans to give him a reason for refusal to Nightwalker who didn't take it happily. John wound up as a slayer of the vampires causing trouble for Nightwalker till the King found his weakness. His weakness was Mara being paired to him which the King used to capture him after getting him to feed off a drugged infected Human in Mara's presence that made him sick as a result. Sorry, but I’m not kidding about what I said. Nightwalker did him a favor letting him off alive due to that death doesn’t solve things instead makes things worse."
I wound up hearing nothing more from Walls in response to the talking and he refusing to answer my yelling questions aimed at him mentally.
I mentally yelling "When will I be reunited with John?!"
"When will I get my end of the bargain from the Soulers as in love status from John?!"
I heard nothing more from Walls only to keep on typing onto the laptop till I felt a compulsion to look up to find a lightening show flashing in the room. I blinked my eyes from the glare to find the lightening show quit to show John in place. 
He gave me a red eyed glare and snarled "Teach me how to use this place now!"
I obeyed despite John sensed furious with me or someone. He refused to answer my questions I gave him.
I saying "Where have you been?!"
"What happened to you actually?!"
I found John would interrupt my questions to open his mouth and I would feel a vibration vibrating within my skull making my teeth chatter. He kept on doing that roaring I called it onto me whenever I brought up questions on where he was since he got transported into the apartment. 
I started to pester John "Tell me you love me! Tell me!"
John would roar in response as a way to shut me up. I kept on pestering him even he kept on roaring at me. John was still balking on giving me any declarations of love towards me like I hoped. I wound up getting frustrated by his refusal pestering over and over.

I feel like I should give up on pestering John to give me any wording of love towards me despite wanting that very badly from him. I still upset as always he balking on saying it towards me. He as always, whenever I bring up the subject, gets us into some fucking ritual of getting inside me, after clothes are removed. I having hands running through his hair, that had grown longer than its shoulder length status, but I stopped touching him recently, whenever he does that mating ritual and allowed him to have his way with me. My lack of touching him has made him indicated on losing interests in wanting to mate with me. I find that his reaction to my bringing up the subject of love instead has started to ignore me in response. I'm not happy that I'm stuck living with him the fucker. I stuck living in this fucking city of Nova with nothing to amuse myself, other than staying inside the apartment all day during the daytime and only going out at nighttime. That's whenever he's not home just to wander around the city and feeling fucking dejected from the treatment he's giving me. I've managed to frequent bars in hopes of attracting a male's eye for getting this love status I craved from people. The males seemed interested in wanting females for fucking only and don't give a damn towards giving love statuses.
It's judging by the familiar behaviors and comments they aimed at me I lip reading "Ooh what do we have hear a piece of meat I'm itching to sample."
I figured it was slang talk for sex. I lip reading males saying that slang talk, while gathered in a group and appearing to be interested in targeting a female for a fucking only. This targeting interest involving them interested only in sex, got me creep out, one night at a bar that I walked home. That was after an enough of being in a bar seeking a male for love. Only to find myself followed by creepy feelings indicating that status to the apartment building's entrance. It's in a dead end alleyway I had to take that always creep me out at nighttime. The alleyway despite lighted by lights low used is seedy of a shithouse by the stink of wastes by people left there, and fucking disgusting, it was looking judging by the piles of garbage strewn around, including the dumpster at the end, ignored for being use for garbage. I managed to get to the door entrance is when hands grabbed my arms yanking me away to find two of a group of three males holding my arms. The third was standing smirking and looking like he had some sneering look on his face. 
I lip read him speaking in English aka British, the Canadian Americans, call the language "Hold this meat now. She'll be easy for us to do what we want." 
I found the males' grips on my arms become iron clad as I struggled in their hands' grips, finding myself unable to free myself. The third male reached a hand towards me to paw my breasts via the fabric of the top. I wound up repeatedly kicking my feet aimed at his sensitive part while he was clad in tight jeans. He ignored my kicking onto his legs me unable to reach high enough to kick him, to keep on pawing me on the breasts. He managed to get my t-shirt torn in half revealing my breasts, I wasn't wearing anything underneath, and looking amused by the leering look he had on his face.
I lip read him speaking "Meat's looking good for a sample taste."
I found the male wound up tearing off my t-shirt till I was naked from the waist down while clad in jeans. I mentally screamed.
I wound up till later to realize the words I was screaming mentally was "John! Help!"
I didn't hear anything in response to my mental screaming as the male proceeded to fondle my breasts with dirty grimy hands onto the nipples. I kept on kicking onto him while struggling to free myself from the hand holds' of the other males. The male that was touching me wound up only to look scared while seeing the two males had scared expressions on their faces as I sensed a vibration. I saw the males released me and all three bent down appearing to be gripping their ears and indicating on hearing some loud noise that was too loud for them. I found the males collapsed onto the ground with eyes exploding and redness of blood leaking from their ears. It made me shocked and upset seeing that along with scared. I darted away from the males appearing to be dead. I didn't want anything to do with their deaths. So I ran inside, ignoring that I was naked from the waist down and not wearing a t-shirt, the building taking a running jog route to the apartment. I wound up ignoring anything all around me as I ran up the stairs to the apartment's floor using muscle memory to lead me there despite not thinking straight on where to go. I had to struggle getting the key into the lock due to freaked out by what happened, till I realized I was at the wrong door to the apartment and at another apartment. It took me a bit to find the correct door to my apartment and to unlock the door along with shutting it and locking all the locks, including darting into the bedroom slamming the door locking it and running into the bathroom to strip myself of my clothes. I wound up showering warmly as I could while soaping myself out of feeling scared and dirty from the males' hands on me, including the griminess felt from touching my breasts, including their deaths on my hands. That showering was the only way I could get myself to relax from that feeling despite not having John in the apartment with me. I showered lengthy even sitting down on the floor of the tub till hands masculine was felt onto my shoulder pulling me out of the shower with the water stopping. I gave up heavy resistance at first kicking and biting at the hands' owner while hearing a voice blaring in my mind. It was till I sensed the voice belonged to John himself. 
He was yelling at me fighting him "Stop it now! You're safe from the attack! Calm down Mara!"
His voice in my mind wound up triggering feelings of his presence hitting me whenever he was near me in Rio Pluto that made me feel safe. I was unsure of how he got inside the apartment and into the bedroom despite doors locked. I wound up quitting the fighting onto him to cling to him in a tight grip while crying tears. I didn't protest as John ignored my wet status onto his clothes, got me into bed after drying me fully with a towel then stripped himself of his clothes. He had managed to carry me to the bed despite me tearfully clinging to him and crying myself out. He then got onto the bed throwing the blankets up to my chest covering me from the neck down and then pulled me in a hug arms wrapped around me. I felt myself fine feeling his skin touching my skin and feeling my shaky feelings of fear stopping along with outburst, which I wound up falling asleep held by him. 

I slept on and off in bed during the time John was in the apartment and out, I too scared to bother to travel outside any more for lengthy periods of time. I only went out to grocery shop for nourishments during an early dark evening hour. That including avoiding that bar and avoiding any bars in question, despite males hanging around them giving females traveling by them, looks of inappropriate facial appearances of wanting to have sex, aimed at the females. I wound up making sure I dressed in clothes that didn't indicate of mating towards males, while out traveling during the evening hours for nourishments. I mostly wore John's sweats, consisted of his pants held by a belt and his sweatshirt including leaving my hair messy with no makeup on my face. I wound up wearing that outfit around town when I went grocery shopping for nourishments despite unsure of living on just tomato juice. Even when I went out of the apartment shooed to go out for a walk by John insisting on it which I only walked up the stairs including in the hallway avoiding the alleyway due to fears hitting me. I found John managed to get me to go outside to the alleyway one night when he was home.
He insisting to me "Mara, go out for a walk. Stop walking up and down the stairs now, Mara. Get outside. It's good for you."
I obeyed despite his angry voice tone of him insisting that I go out for a walk. I went to the bedroom to put on John's sweats which he followed me. He wound up yanking them from my hands and thrust me a bag which I clutched.
John spoke "Just put them on. Stop wearing grungy clothes while out and about."
I was forced to obey putting on the skin tight jeans and button long shirt including finding a jacket indicating of winter included and boots that had heels on them. I didn't agree to the clothes but put them on then brushed my hair and put on some makeup on his insisting. John gave me a smirk while eyeing me up and down in some leering look that made me nervous to see. He ignored my nervousness and without a word went to the apartment's entrance yanking open the door and gestured me out. I was forced to obey walking out including steeling myself in bravery to walk out of the building via the alleyway's entrance. I found the area appeared to be cleaned up of people's bathroom wastes and garbage strewn around. The dumpster appeared to be in use from the looks of it as I walked out of the alleyway. I wound up sensing some sense hitting me to look up towards a corner of the building as if drawn to spot a camera dome stuck to the wall appearing to be recording anything in the alleyway. I felt nervous but forced myself to walk in the city taking a lengthy walk. I found myself agreeing with John on being out walking and felt myself better from the fresh air. I kept on walking up and down Main Street till a black car stopped near me and a male opened the car door gesturing me to get inside. I obeyed despite creep out doing it. 
I found inside was an older male who spoke I forced to lip read him "So bitch, fuck me now."
I stiffened from his words and refused shaking my head no till he pulled out a hand gun and thrust it aimed at my forehead while still repeating his words. I figured out what his words meant was sucking his sensitive part freed from his pants which I was forced to do it to my disgust. I found the male seemed disgusted to me doing it instead whacked my head with the handgun making me dizzy cutting off the fucking act. I found myself tossed out of the car by another male to lie onto the road curling into a ball crying tears ignored by people sensed walking by me. I kept on lying till headlights blinked in my eyes belonging to a car, which I forced myself to get up. I wound up running, while tripping over my heeled boots to the point of yanking them off and tossing them aside. I ran barefoot through the city till I reached the alleyway and ran to the entrance intending to put a hand onto the door's doorknob to yank open. A hand out of no where grabbed my hand along with hands onto my arm yanked me away from the door. I found myself facing males about four of them while all were smirking and giving me leering looks. I wound up mentally screaming for help in response.
It didn't come to me later that I was screaming "John help me!"
Over and over, as the males proceeded to tear off my clothes leaving me shivering naked in the cold. I struggled against their hands' grips finding them ironclad and refusing to let go of me. I found my kicking refused to do anything for me. I even recalled my training from Master Mo and tried it but the males seemed to anticipate my moves and kept me restrained as one proceeded to paw my breasts. I felt disgusted from his pawing including his hand going lower and lower to the point of making me think he was going to stick it into my private. I kept on screaming mentally over and over till lights above from the alleyway went out plunging night vision within me and found the males appeared blind to the dark. I found myself still restrained as some blurry figure came barreling out of no where and started to attack the males. I found the blurry figure ran all over the place hitting the males who collapsed onto the ground appearing to look unconscious to me. I wound up feeling myself again restrained by another pair of hands in some carrying method making me hit the male in an angry fit on his back while slung over his shoulder while hearing a voice speaking.
It took me a bit to recognize the voice as John's and he was yelling at me "Mara, stop that now!"
I found myself listening to John's voice blasting in my mind and obeyed which he used blurring fast speed to get us both into the apartment and into the shower stall of the second bathroom in the tub. I wound up shivering as John turned on the water to heat toleration levels and saw him strip himself of his clothes followed by joining me in the shower. I burst into tears and clung to John in a hug hold he rubbing my back in response and not saying a word as the water spilled over us. I kept on crying seemingly lengthy till I felt much better and didn't protest as John got me to straddle him followed by his sensitive part entering me and having hands on my hips moving me up and down his length. I rolled my eyes from the feel of him in and out inside me and felt much better from the fucking he gave me. Once he was done fucking me he wound up holding me in a lengthy hug while I kept my legs wrapped around him, him still inside me and my head leaning against his shoulder. He kept his hands onto my hips holding me in place and felt his chin leaned against the side of my head. We stood like that for a long time till the water began to turn to cold. It was when John released me and got me off of him followed by getting me out of the shower. I didn't protest as John dried me off with a towel and then carried me into the bedroom to our bed which he got me to lie down and spoon fashioned me skin touching skin with his arms around me. John didn't say a word in response to my outing or anything love related. I wound up falling asleep having his arms around me.

As a result of the attack and fucking in some fucker's car, I kept staying in the apartment and barely went out very much. John stopped pestering me to go out for a walk. He wound up silently letting me stay inside moping around the apartment while clad in his familiar sweats of pants and a top. I wound up mostly spending my time in the apartment, reading the books over and over, till the point I got bored with them. I even started to clean the apartment with whatever I could lay my hands on just to clean it up. I also started this habit of rearranging things according to whatever pattern it indicated. Such as the books by arranging them by authors' last names. I even did the same with John's clothes such as arranging them by colors and did the same with my clothes the grungiest I could find, I bought from clothing shops in town after wearing some clothes that were sweats belonging to John. That's due to not willing to go around in public in my covered up dress or any of the sexy clothes he bought for me in the closet to replace my grungy clothes. He kept on switching my clothes from the grungiest to the ones that were in bright colors and not muted black like John's sweats, or grungy looking and appeared to be sexy to me. I kept the isolation seemingly lengthy even avoiding typing from time to time and only typing them down when I felt interested in doing it like I'm feeling at the moment. I haven't been interested in mating with John, despite my breeding cycle as it's called by him arriving via cramps in my abdomen. The breeding cycle wound up hitting me again, involving pains in my abdomen area. 
John told me during the beginning of the breeding cycle "I don't want to fuck you! So go fuck yourself now! Leave me, the fuck alone!"
I didn't do anything towards the breeding cycle, towards John who kept on repeating his words. I wound up instead, locked myself into the spare bedroom. I remained in there for the whole duration of the breeding cycle for an uncounted number of days or time. John never bothering to break down the fucking door like I kept on thinking that he would do that. He never did so, so once my breeding cycle was over via cramps stopping, I went back to our bedroom and fell asleep in bed with John lying on it ignoring me getting into bed with him. I didn't feel any caring from John in response to finishing my breeding cycle instead just remained in bed sleeping on and off. This including getting up for nourishment of tomato juice only due to unable to take any other nourishments from throwing them up. I found that I developed some food allergy to other nourishments hence I throwing them back up after I took them down. It didn't matter if the nourishments were by drinking it down or chewing via teeth. I kept on throwing it up after I swallowed it. John kept blood drinks I assumed were they in a locked by key, in a wine cooler, another fridge as he called it instead of wine cooler. He hid the key from me due to unable to open the fridge that had a see through door window me unable to get inside to drink anything from there despite trying to break into it meeting failure every time. 
I kept thinking "I need the blood to survive on."
John ignored me as usual pestering him "I need the blood to survive on so give me some!"
He'll respond by giving me a red eyed glare in response and saying to me "The fucking subject is closed! Don't talk the fuck, to me on this issue again!"
I wound up thrust tomato juice via bottle when he got home from his job at the facility he kept the job publicity as Lion despite his twin doing it and he still doing that.
He saying "Here drink this shit. It'll help you keep your fucking nourishment down. I can quit getting you pestering me with requests for my nourishment."
I obeyed and found his words true. As a result I've been focused onto buying stock in tomato juice from the local grocery store. It's actually a gas station for cars to get gas for it. I always hated getting tomato juice from there. The cashier, a Human male with dark skinned looks and intense Human blue eyes, would always give me looks of intense leering sexual hunger I didn't like getting from him. I always made sure I bought about as many bottles as I could carry via cloth bag, which totaled three of them. Any more than that would result in the bag being carried by two arms instead of via shoulder strap. 
I lip read the cashier talking to a cop I figured was the male's title I lip read "I don't know anything about the three fuckers you showed me via picture. It's disgusting as shit. Don't show me that fucking thing to me again."
I got stopped by the cop while on the way to the cashier's register he tapping me on the shoulder. I making the shanty town's sign for no hearing by grabbing my ear and shaking it while shaking my head in a no gesture. The cop seemed frustrated by his behavior only to focus onto the cashier as if drawn. 
I found the cashier speaking me lip reading him "Don't bother her. She's just a fucking dumb mute who can't hear a thing. She always was buying tomato juice like its no tomorrow from me as always. Sorry she can't help you at all."
I shifted to eye the cop while pretending to look confused. Excused my language but the fucker, the cashier, was up to something regarding me by defending me to the cop when I found out later. I found the cop left the store and the fucker refused to ring up my tomato juice purchases by gesturing me to leave them on the counter and follow him. I obeyed pretending to look stupid. How was I supposed to know that the cashier's favor for him defending me was having me pay by giving him something involving doing something sexually in return? I didn't know at all on what favor he wanted me to do while in his backroom among the food stinking making me wants to gag. 
The cashier proceeded to tell me "I know you can lip read me so strip your clothes. Make it fun doing the stripping now. I did you a favor telling that shitty cop not to question you so I expect payment. Your paying me what I want period so, do it or else suffers fucking hell."
It was degrading having to strip myself of my jeans and top, John insisted I wear, before he left me in the apartment, into some playful sexual way including told by the cashier "Take off your underwear. I want to see you naked as a newborn."
I kept thinking during my stripping "I'll be rescued."
I found my thinking wrong by the mysterious vibration refused to hit after I bared myself I fucking humiliated to do it. The cashier in return stuck out his tongue I saw was partially forked and animalistic to me while licking his lips in some mouth hungry way. 
I was forced to stand as the cashier ordered "Let me lick you. You smell good."
It humiliated me being licked by that odd tongue that felt cold and like a stick against my skin making me grimace from the pain. I found the cashier done by darting out of the room through the door leaving me alone. 
I figured to my disgust "He must have a customer. So he'll be back."
I remained standing naked till the lights above went out is when night vision arrived, plus flashing lights of a cop's car shining through the door's outline. I wound up putting on my clothes in a fast move and went to the door to peer outside. The door wound up being yanked open in a fast move which I fell through only to be caught by the familiar cop who put handcuffs around my wrists yanking my arms nearly out of the sockets. I was annoyed with the fucking cop for doing that as he pushed and pulled me out of the store I finding the cashier lying on the floor with a bloody splotch hole on the side of his head he looking dead. 
I felt annoyance take hold seeing that scene to figure "I'm blamed for shooting the cashier to death. Hence the fucking cops arresting me."
The blaming wound not happening as I thought instead the cop got me into his vehicle and drove to John's apartment building parking at the curb and got me out. 
He got me out of the handcuffs me lip reading him saying "Sorry about that."
I wound up handed my bag holding tomato juice inside. I didn't say a word towards the cop instead gave him a head bob followed by going inside the building via alleyway still littered with trash and stinking of people's waste shit despite it recently cleaned up. They still were using it for their bathroom, as usual. I found nothing to indicate the death of the three males to me. I got inside and went to the apartment to put away the tomato juice. I forced myself to take a sip of some via bottle. After that I went to-

John interrupted my fucking typing by grabbing the back of my head's hair yanking me from the desk where the laptop was, he having a red eyed look and anger in his face. 
I wound up mentally speaking as he proceeded to choke me hand onto my neck "John stop it now! Stop this behavior now! I love you! Please!"
He quit the choking to my relief to stomp into the spare bedroom slamming the door. I felt vibrations coming from the spare bedroom along with books in bookcases jumping despite sharing the wall with it. I went to the spare bedroom to find the door locked but the doorknob rattling. 
I figured "John must be angry about something and is blowing off steam."
I didn't go near the door till it was time for me to go to bed to sleep. I found John remained in the spare bedroom the whole time I tossed and turned in bed me too wired to sleep, I upset with his angry behavior towards me. I found John gone from the spare bedroom when it was time for him to go to the facility. I found the door ajar. I examined the room to find everything was in a mess like John had an animalistic tantrum of anger and took it out onto every fucking single item in the room. 
I wound up leaving the mess thinking "Oh John will come to his senses and show that he loves me I hope."
I kept on thinking that over and over despite no results of that even while in bed asleep, I tossing and turning as usual. .

I wound up during my time alone in bed wound up dreaming of a recurring dream I not sure what it means over and over despite hearing from Walls "Point of origin explained." 
Walls has refused to say anything more to my question of "What point of origin explained are you talking about?"
Instead he has ignored me and has refused to say anything more to me. I wound up having this recurring dream over and over to the point of understanding it enough to type it down. 
The recurring dream got to the point that it was running in my mind while I was trying to sleep in bed. It confused me at first but I wasn't sure what it meant. 
The dream at first appeared to be a courtship between a male and a female. The male named Sean while the female was named Katinka. It confused me to the point of not knowing what its importance was. I wasn't sure what the contents meant to me till I dreamed it over and over to the point of actually typing it down. I wound up typing the dream down as I saw it in my mind. I saw there were people coming and going in the warm sticky air by their breaths not seen and their hair plastered to their forms, as a male I saw from my dream as Sean. He stood outside the diner I saw watching Katinka as I figured was her name. I wasn't sure where the dream was in the Nova but figured the location was somewhere in Brazil by the Brazilian official language of Tago's writings on the walls seen. Katinka's black hair I saw was put up in a ball despite getting creepy feelings seeing it. Katinka was wearing a blue mini dress that hugged her form and bared her legs. Katinka appeared to me to be watching and waiting for something while bored to me. Katinka wound up appearing to sighed and looked down at the book she was reading. It was from my dream appearing to be an autobiography of a female pop singer named Lisa Norway from what I recognize of the book. She was sitting there appearing to be waiting for her date with a guy from how dressed she was. She looked like she was in her third decade to me but maybe younger late twenties.
Katinla, I wound hearing her thoughts abruptly she thinking "I remembered meeting Sean a few days ago. I just came into the computer lab at the community college, my second year, to meet my friend Frazao Griggs, a fellow American exchange student, a female around my age, who had befriended me when I first arrived at the college the year before. Frazao, or Fraz, unsure of her name, had befriended me in one of our classes involving Brazil Kata another form of karate. I laid eyes on a man talking to Fraz. I was too busy staring at the man to bother hearing what was said between them. The man was taller than me about six feet tall to my five foot and five inches. He had black hair that was pulled back. His jeans hugged his legs and there were white sneakers on his feet. He wore a blue short sleeve top with some apparent Canadian American designs on the top in a band. I stood staring at the man who had a look of kind features on his face. He turned to face me who stopped looking as Fraz, spoke I not listening to her. Fraz wound up waving her hand to get my attention. 
'His name is Sean.' I got from Fraz..
'Oh' said I as I held out my hand as Fraz introduced me to Sean who stared at me with a strange look on his face. 
We both shook hands, Sean and I. I felt something like a spark had awakened in me that was long gone was suddenly alive. Sean smiled and made my insides turn to mush. 
Sean asked me 'What's your email address?' 
I with some hesitation gave it to him and got his email address in return. 
Fraz spoke after he left the room, 'Ooh he likes you.' 
I blushed and spoke 'I like him a lot and I felt something.' 
Fraz nodded and added 'Well, don’t worry he’ll like you just the way you are.'
I wasn’t sure." 
That was the end of Katinka thoughts as I focused onto Sean as if drawn.

Sean stood outside feeling the air watching Katinka and was heard thinking a thought “She’s the one.” 
Katinka, watched by Sean sat in the diner drinking coffee via mug I saw. I assumed that they scheduled a date to meet at the diner via e-mail after contact. Sean outside sighed and walked towards the door as Katinka was drinking coffee from a mug and sat frowning watching the door. Sean came in dressed in tight hugging blue jeans and a grey short sleeve rugby shirt. He smiled which made Katinka smile. Then he sat down across from her and spoke something. Katinka, from the dreamy expression on her face, appeared to have a hard time listening to him due to staring at his face that was smooth and tanned. She saw his brown eyes lit up when he talked. 
Then he took a napkin and wrote something down which I saw Katinka read with her eyes appearing to look human black looking to my confusion, “You read any good books lately?”
Katinka abruptly looked at him with a questioning look which he sheepishly shrugged and she heard him say “You appeared to be thinking of something. I figured its books because your friend Fraz tells me that you love to read.” 
Katinka answered “I do love to read books, do you?’
Sean replied with her again paying attention “I love to read books but especially books on animals.”
Katinka spoke “That’s what I’m majoring in at the College, learning to write books.” 
Sean replied ‘Oh”.
That was the end of the conversation and then after that Sean held out his hand and gestured for her to come with him signaling the end of the conversation. She grabbed her golden colored purse and stood with the coffee cup in her hand. Sean led her to the trash bin and took the cup from her left hand. Katinka tried not to gasp out loud as she felt a jolt as his hand touched her hand, taking the cup from her put it on top of the bin. 
Sean again thought to himself me hearing “She’s the one.” 
Katinka followed Sean outside the coffee shop towards a white four door car with red trim on it. The car, I saw on Katia as I now dub her instead of the awful name of Katinka's face that she couldn’t tell what make it was but he was a perfect gentleman opened the car door and she sat inside. I noticed that the car was red inside with what appeared to be leather material on the seats. She sighed and watched as he walked towards the driver’s side and entered. 
Katia gestured to Sean speaking “Don’t want to be a nag but don’t forget your seatbelt.” 
As she put hers on and noticed that Sean put his seat belt on without hesitation. She sat and looked out the window as he gunned the car and turned it out of the parking lot of the diner. Katia was about to speak when Sean narrowed his eyes at something out the window shield. She turned to see police car came driving by his car with sirens blaring. 
“Ooh,” she thought “Must have trouble with the law.” 
Then Sean drove the car down the lane towards a hill. 
Katia was heard speaking loudly "That's my street Tyger Street on the left of the hill, where I live." 
Sean in response drove the car passed her street in a fast move and kept on driving. 
Katia spoke “Uh, you drove by my street.”
Sean, I saw, ignored her and kept on driving the car till he reached a dirt road and bumpily drove on it which I saw was a driveway. Then the car stopped at a yellow three story house left alone in the forest jungle at the end of the dirt driveway. 
“Home sweet home,” he heard said. 
To Katia’s relief, via facial expression was related to her seeing an old woman who was busy sweeping on the porch her mouth moving as if muttering. The old woman had a red skirt with colored stripes on it and was wearing some blue blouse and a thick white sweater with her hair up under a scarf. The old woman from her clothes and behavior was indicating on being a refugee from Europe and believed in older religion hence her dressed status. Katia sensed shaken got out of the car and walked towards the house with Sean having a hand on the small of her back. I saw relief on Katia’s face when she saw the old woman standing on the porch. 
The old woman straightened up and spoke “Good morning, Master Longbow, You’re early.” 
Sean speaking “I brought a friend, her name is Katia.”
I figured the name of Katia was where I thought of calling her as Katia's mouth formed words I lip read “Good morning.” 
I saw her frown again with no relief in her eyes when she saw the old woman, I assumed was his housekeeper’s eyes narrow as if gauging her. Then the old woman went back to sweeping still muttering to herself. Sean led Katia into the house in a rush that he didn’t let her admire the living room. He led her up the stairs and a hallway towards an open door. I gave a little gasp when I saw the room that had wooden furniture and bare of anything else in it. The bed had a multicultural American blanket and there was a brown wooded dresser with two lamps in the room. Sean gestured for her to come in the room. The room's contents made me want to run a finger on the furniture with delight. There was no dust on the furniture and it was clean. 
I didn't see what else happened in that dream only to find it continue with Sean rushed Katia with dress disheveled, she pulling it down to indicate a mating status, out of the house towards the car. The sun of morning was gone and in the sky was the sun of the late afternoon. I noticed Katia staring at Sean with a confused look on her face as Sean gunned the motor and drove the car towards Tyger Street. He parked the car at the front of the complex that led to her home, apartment. Katia got out as Sean watched her leave and entered her apartment.

The dream continued with the next day Katia confessed all to Fraz in a signed hang language, while in the college cafeteria with the sun setting. 
Fraz looked shocked as she signed to Katia I suddenly understanding what was said, “He took you home after sex?”
Katia signed “He’s confusing, told me that ‘Your one of us.’ 
Whatever that means this doesn’t make any sense at all. This happened before we made love. Except I felt like I was pleasuring a male via mating way instead of being used-.” 
Fraz interrupted speaking loudly “Ooh, must be a rumor going around I’ve been hearing.”
Katia appeared to ignore Fraz's interruption to speak loudly “What rumor? Is it about Sean or what?”
Fraz wound up signing “Oh the rumor is that there’s some legend, people with the ability to suck blood and shun the sunlight is ongoing here in Salvador. It's originated all over the capital city of Rio Pluto. It's seemingly always in darkness from the looks of it not sure why.” 
Katia, I saw again with a confused look on her face. 
Fraz sighed and signed “Didn’t you check the history of Rio Pluto? It involved two forms of Humans crashing onto Brazil from outer space via space vehicles over a thousand years ago. The Human who survived changed into bloody suckers and targeted the other Humans. They both wound up in some agreement with the Bloodies the vampires as their referred to live in peaceful cohabitation. Hence they seemingly were picking females for this mating issue that have look twin to a desired female enough to create offsprings from that mating in question.” 
Katia frowned again and looked to see Sean came walking into the large cafeteria from one end of the room’s double doors with the moonlight shining overhead. 
Sean, I focused appeared to sighed as he entered the cafeteria and stood in the cafeteria. Katia, I saw was in a secret language talk with her friend Fraz both appearing to ogle Sean and appearing to give him smirking looks. 
Katia and Fraz were heard “It’s Sean, he came in the room.” 
Fraz heard “So?”
Sean walked towards their table. Katia stared at him as he stood next to the duo at the table watching them. 
Fraz cut the whispering I unable to hear their talk, spoke loudly “Something we could do for you, Seany boy?”
Sean glaringly spoke “No, only Katia will do” and he gestured for her to follow him. 
Katia gathered her backpack and followed Sean out the cafeteria to one of the empty classrooms. He stood with his arms folded and glared at her as the muscles of his arms were bulging on his arms. 
Katia asked “What?” 
Sean continued glaring at her and then he sighed and spoke “You tricked me.”
Katia could only stare at him with shock as he repeated the words for her to understand “You tricked me.” 
Katia spoke “What are you talking about?” 
Sean groaned and frowned still glaring at her. 
He spoke “You led me to believe that you were one of us but your not aren’t you?”
Katia angrily spoke “Just who the fuck is you? I didn’t lead you to have sex did I?” 
Before Sean could protest that remark she spoke again “I barely know much about you and expect me to be some know-it-all you stinking fucker?”
Sean glared at her and spoke some foreign language, I recognized was Tago from lip reading him I disgusted to what he said. 
“What are you speaking about?” Katia asked. 
Sean raised an eyebrow and spoke in English repeating his words he spoken in Tago “I said what a bitch you are to lead me to think your one of us.” 
Before Katia could retort the door to the room opened as Fraz came in with an annoyed expression on her face, spoke “Well, your argument will have to wait a bit because this classroom is needed” as confused students came walking into the room. 
Katia glared at Sean and stomped off with Fraz who glared as he followed them out. 

I wound up dreaming another dream of Sean grumbled to himself as he drove the car towards Katia's apartment complex. He parked the car and waited for Katia to come. 
“Bitch Sonya” he heard thinking, “Tricked me in picking her and making me fall in love with her.”
I was shocked with what Sean was thinking as the dream focused onto Katia walked with a silent Fraz to the apartment complex, with her acting like she had some weird feeling of being watched. She looked around to see the jungles were quiet in the darkness, silent of life on the sides of the road were appearing to be sinister. Katia appeared to shivered and frowned again. 
Katia turned to Fraz and was about to speak when her friend held up a hand and signed “No talking.” 
The two walked towards the apartment complex and reached the driveway to see Sean leaning on his car in front of the building towards Katia's apartment. A scowl was on his face. 
Fraz sighed and spoke “Round two.” 
Fraz hugged Katia and then Katia herself, entered a building towards her apartment appearing to be two rooms. Katia I saw glared at Sean and brushed by him with him following her. Inside her living room complete with bookshelves full of books, Katia dumped her backpack and stared at Sean waiting for an explanation. 
When Sean didn’t talk Katia spoke “Fraz told me, there’s a rumor going around about people being vampires. Is that what you meant one of us?”
Sean abruptly looked away and turned his back to her and shaking as if shocked. 
“Damn it as fuck!” Sean was heard thinking his thought, “She’s a suspicious one enough to figure out what's going on!”
“Sean?” Katia spoke “What’s going on?”
Katia walked around him to look at his face and he opened his eyes staring pass her and I gasped. Instead of brown eyes they were golden like some gonoid I wasn't sure of. I watched with shock as he bent down as if in pain. Katia touched his shoulder and he jerked away as he put his hands on his head. 
I saw his mouth moving repeating some apparent foreign phrase over and over I lip read "I won't do this. I want her as mine." 
I could only stare with shock as his body became smaller as if shrinking with fur like substance covered his body and I was staring at a grey wolf who stared back at Katia with golden eyes. 
Sean, I heard thinking loudly "I changed my form to the wolf I knew that I was taking a risk of trusting a Sonya like Katia but it was a risk nonetheless." 
Katia was seen cautiously reached a hand towards the wolf that changed his form back to a glaring kneeling on one knee Sean. Katia brought back her hand and stared at Sean who stood up towering over her. 
He folded his arms and spoke “You talk about this, your dead. Get it?”
I knew that he meant it by the look at his face as he stared at Katia. Then Sean went to the door and pointing a finger at her, he opened the door and heard the door slam. I was confused to the wolf changing ability despite not sure what it was or why I was dreaming it in this recurring dream in my mind. 

I kept on having another dream this time I dreamed that night Katia tried to sleep but the events of the day kept her thinking about it via thoughts in her mind. She lay in her thin nightgown staring at the walls in the daylight hours of her bedroom. She sighed and turned on her side towards the vertical blinds covering the sliding glass doors that led to the porch outside her bedroom. 
She frowned heard thinking "I'm wondering about Sean." 
Then later that day she fell asleep and dreamed. 
I saw Sean stood outside in his wolf form watching the sliding doors to her apartment.
I heard his thoughts as if he was thinking "The Pack Leader wouldn’t be happy with my liaison with Katia because she's a Sonya, a vampire."
I was shocked to hear him say vampire despite not sure of why. I wound up eyeing Katia as if drawn to discover her appearance looked twin to a Sonya via the looks of her including when she kept on opening her eyes to look around her room. She appeared to have seen everything despite her room in the darkness via black out blinds. I was confused till I focused onto Sean who had changed his form to a Human and sat on the grass dewed with water from the rain in a cross legged position. He held his hands out as if mediating as Katia slept. I dreamed that she was walking in a forest with snow on the ground from seeing it in Nova. The forest was silent to me. Katia from within her, didn’t feel the cold but felt some heat emanating from the forest as she walked barefoot. She was wearing tight blue sweats and a small sweatshirt. Katia appeared to try to stop walking but her feet walked in the forest as if guiding by something. She reached a clearing where there was a cave and knelt. She didn’t have to wait long till a grey wolf came out of the cave and changed his form to Sean who was dressed in tan pants with colorful beaded decorations on the sides. His hair I saw was pulled back into a tail. Katia could only stare at his muscular chest as he reached her and taking her arms. He pulled her up towards him and kissed her on the lips. 
Katia sighed thinking loudly for me to hear "His lips were heavenly that brought the familiar jolt of electrical current humming through me as he kissed me." 
Then he pulled his face away and stared at Katia while enveloping her in a hug in his muscled arms. Katia leaned against Sean as he held her in a hug. Suddenly snow fell, slowly at first then harder like stinging rocks at the two. Katia felt Sean leave her and she woke up in her own bed drenched in sweat. Katia stared at the day sunset that tried to blare from behind the vertical blinds. Abruptly her alarm clock I assumed it was blared, as Katia shook her head and sat up. Sighing Katia got up. 
Evening came as Sean got up from his position of sitting crossed legged and stretched. He changed his form to a wolf and bounded away into the forest.

Walking on the way to the school Katia passed by the forest jungle and houses, where one house at an intersection had a couple sitting there on porch benches. They were like Sean, with the tan skin and black hair but where dressed in jeans and identical blue tops with short sleeves. Katia noticed that the couple was glaring at her when she looked and she saw their eyes turn from brown to golden color. Abruptly the couple got up and went inside the house. I didn't realize till later that they were wolf changers like Sean who appeared to not approve of Sean's relationship with Katia. 
Frowning Katia heard wondered to herself “What happened to me in the dream?”
She continued walking towards the college campus still shaken. 
Sean came walking towards her on the campus. 
I saw her mumbling to herself saying “I’m determined not to let this ruin my day.” 
Katia appeared to get scared silly by her feeling a tap on her left shoulder and turned to see Sean staring at her. 
Katia groaned out “What?”
Sean replied with a concerned look on his face “Are you all right?”
Katia sighed and spoke “I don’t know.”
Sean plopped an arm around her and guided her inside one of the campus buildings towards the stairs. I noticed that several people gave her a wide berth as they went up the stairs with suspicion on their faces. I noticed I saw Fraz came down the stairs ignoring them as she walked by without a glance. Reaching the classroom room, Sean lifted her face with his finger and kissed her forehead. 
“I’ll meet you outside” Sean said as he left her staring at his retreating back. 
Katia went into the classroom and sat at her usual seat near the front of the classroom. Being an American not fluent in the Brazilian language of Tago, meant she had to sit at the front for her to see the teacher's writing what was said in the class, whether from a student or a teacher. It was hard for Katia to appear to be distracted during class but she appeared to have found the teacher's teaching of writing in Brazilian language a welcome distraction. Then after the class Katia wandered outside to the trees of the campus and again felt a tap on her shoulder that again scared her silly, and turned around to face Sean who had a concerned look on his face. 
“Come on, Katia." Sean heard saying as he took her to the parking lot of the campus towards his car. 
In the car I saw her sat staring out the window with a frown on her face. Katia watched as he drove the car towards the same house before instead of her apartment. The vibrations of the motor stopped but she made no move to get out. Katia, I saw, sensed Sean staring at her and she looked to see an unreadable expression in his dark eyes. Sean gestured to her seatbelt and she undid her seatbelt and got out of the car hauling her backpack and stood next to the car watching as he got out. Once again Sean led her inside the house rushing her towards his bedroom. In his bedroom, Katia dropped her backpack and went to one of the windows on one of the walls opposite the doorway. Katia stood her back to Sean staring out the window as he watched her thinking. He appeared to be feeling a war inside him and made me wonder if Katia felt the same feeling. Katia stood watching the window and felt his hands on her shoulders as Sean turned her around to face him. Sean stared at her eyes who stared back with her Sonya like eyes. 
“Oh boy” Katia said as she stared at Sean.
“Oh boy” Sean echoed her as he stared at her as he spoke “How long has it been?” 
He, from my senses cued to him, felt the urge to join with her rising and he was struggling to regain control. 
“Well I’m screwed” he thought as he stared at Katia who gripped him in a hug. 
She sighed and wondered why she was feeling these feelings like she wanted him to take her to heights she didn’t know before. 
Once again the dream stopped before showing me any sex between the both of them. 

I wasn't sure what the importance of the dream only to focus as if drawn onto Katia's face seeing it looked twin to my face to my shock. I wound up eyeing Sean with a frown to discover his face was different from mine. I could see his eyes were twin to mine by the looks of their human black looking and he had two upper teeth fanged like a vampire from the looks of it to my shock. I wound up confused to why he appeared to be a wolf changer when he was appearing to be a vampire from the looks of him. I kept on watching the scene very closely in my mind wondering what its importance is was.
Sean handed her, her clothes then he abruptly left the room leaving Katia staring at him. 
Katia heard grumbled to herself “I’m not letting him go.” 
She gasped and put a hand to her mouth and wondered what brought that comment. 
Katia heard thought “This is because I mated with him? It’s possible.” 
She trailed off as she struggled to put on her clothes on and plopped her long hair up in a ball. 
In the hallway Sean stood frowning as he walked down stairs towards the living room. 
He was heard speaking loudly "She fell for it, Achilles. She's ripe for the plucking.”
I was shocked with what he said as I eyed Sean's form to see his face shift into a male Bloody with long waist length black hair and intense red eyes that shocked me out. I didn't recognize him as a Bloody but saw another Bloody male appear next to him giving the male a bow. 
I frowned as Sean the vampire mentally spoke "Go mate with her and create the offspring." 
I found the Bloody dart away in a fast speed move as Sean's twin walked further into the living room resuming his Sean's Human persona. As he reached the living room Sean heard Missy he thinking of the name of his housekeeper, humming to herself in the kitchen as she cooked. Sean stopped to put on his Rugby shirt he had in his hand and walked barefoot into the kitchen through the double doorway. Missy stood watching him come in. 
“Hmm, about time, Master Longbow” Missy said “The Goddess works in mysterious ways.” as if knowing what he was about to say, she added “Don’t worry.” 
Sean stood watching her gather some foods from the stove and put them on the kitchen table after taking a lengthy time to cook them. 
Sean heard Katia enter the kitchen from behind them speaking “Hello I don’t believe I know your name, Miss.” 
Sean turned to face her and spoke “This is Missy, the housekeeper. Sorry I didn’t introduce her earlier.” 
Katia noticing the foods on the table sighed and walked towards the table and sat down as Sean came to sit next to her. 
Katia heard Missy telling Sean “Don’t you worry I’ll clean up the mess once you’re done. “ 
The she strode out of the kitchen. The two ate in silence. Sean abruptly grabbed Katia's right hand and looked toward the kitchen entrance. Katia looked to see a tall man with similar features to Sean via her eyesight enter the room. The male which I saw via another eyesight's point of view was a Bloody wearing a skirt with a golden crown on his head and had all red eyes glaring in a glaring stare. I noticed that his eyes were all red narrowed and his face turned into a scowl as he saw Katia. 
Sean heard spoke “Master, this is Katia my intended mate."
The male Bloody gave a nod and went to the refrigerator and grabbed a drink which he leaned on the counter drinking out of a form cup while still wearing his familiar getup to my confusion. 
Katia nudged Sean who spoke to her in a whisper “This is my Master, Nightwalker himself.”
It took every ounce of control to keep the nervousness out of his voice and out of his hands as Sean told her this. 
He sighed and stiffened as Nightwalker spoke a foreign language to Sean “I’m not pleased that you're hiding her. You should have her in Rio Pluto doing the mating ritual as required.” 
Sean replied also in the language “I don't want to share her with others. I want her to myself alone.” 
Nightwalker glared and spoke in the dialect “Too bad.” 
Then he left the kitchen slamming the doors to the kitchen. 
Katia jerked her hand out of Sean’s left hand and asked him “What’s so special about him anyway?”
Sean sighed and spoke “He’s my Master, our leader, who I try to look up to.” 
Katia spoke “I don’t have any Masters, but him, gives me the feeling that he’s too hard on you.” 
Sean told her “He can’t help it.” 
The two ate in silence. 

I wound up dreaming another dream this time involving Nightwalker the King of Bloodies himself, fucking with Katia who appeared to be out of it, insane like a lunatic, to me, while Sean was restrained by two strong Bloodies in bed of her apartment. I kept on watching as if drawn that Sean was violently held by the Bloodies as Nightwalker thrust himself in and out of Katia's private over and over. That fucking wound up including making Katia suck him on the sensitive part to my disgust. Katia, I kept on watching as if drawn appeared to not be aware of this fucking I saw instead appeared to be crazy to me. She had a spaced out look on her face and appeared to be insane and not paying attention to anything but Nightwalker and pleasing him sexually in a fucking way. I kept on watching the scene as if drawn till one of the Bloodies holding onto Sean let go of him and went to Nightwalker pulling the King off of Katia. 
I heard Nightwalker protested "What the fuck are you doing?!"
"It's almost daylight." I heard from the Bloody male guard holding Nightwalker's arm who shrugged it off. 
I frowned as Nightwalker jabbed a finger aimed at Sean and snarled with eyes red "Don't think of hiding her or any Sonya from me again. I'll know of it. I'll make sure it's my offsprings the hidden Sonya is carrying and not yours or any other Bloody. Don't even think of doing this stunt onto me again, Sean. I'll make sure you're permanently in your gonoid form if you try this stunt onto me again. I expect you to help me find the hidden Sonyas and get them to Rio Pluto as quickly as possible as your my tracker and my servant who must obey me or fucking else."
I found Sean let go from the Bloodies' hand holds to collapse onto the floor followed by Nightwalker and guards fading from view. I kept on watching Sean as if drawn who got up and put Katia to bed along with putting a blanket on top of her covering her nudity. Sean wound up leaving the apartment he turning into his gonoid form from the looks of it involving a wolf and running in the forest jungle appearing to be making an aimless run. I found he wound up back at his house where the housekeeper Missy was sitting on the porch that saw him in his wolf form and opened the door without a word. He shifted form and went inside the house as Missy followed him inside slamming the door. 

I didn't dream of anything else till recently I dreamed of Katia again. Katia, I saw got up from the bed acting like she was feeling dizzy and nausea. She stumbled into the bathroom and threw herself at the toilet throwing up the contents of her stomach. Sighing she pulled out the pregnancy test next to the sink and read the results. The test came out positive for a pregnancy. 
Groaning Katia spoke out loud “When will I tell him?” 
Katia added to herself “I think my college days are over.” 
She groaned as a wave of nausea came to her followed by leaning over the toilet. 
Sighing Katia frowned and got up towards the kitchen she mused “I must eat for the baby.”
She pulled out some foods and the smell made her rush towards the bathroom again to throw up. 
Katia frowned as she walked out from the bathroom thinking “Sean, where are you?"
Sean in response to her question, outside in the jungle, walked towards Katia's apartment and stood outside the door, rang the doorbell. 
He shivered in the heat despite not cold he heard thinking "I'm feeling a bad feeling hitting me."
I saw that Sean was wearing familiar tanned skin pants, and no top with hair pulled back I recognized fully was of a slave status to a Bloody as his Master. While waiting he sensed the door unlocked and Katia opened the door. Sean frowned seeing Katia, for she was pale and had dark circles under her eyes and she was wearing a thin nightgown. He could sense her cooking something from the smell of the two room apartment. 
“Katinka” He asked “Are you alright?”
Katia, I saw, stared at Sean with shock as he stood outside the doorway and instead of answering put a hand on her mouth and ran towards the bathroom. She sensed Sean had followed her inside and laid a hand her back as she kneeled throwing up the contents of her stomach. Groaning she sensed him sit on the ground of the bathroom with his arms around her. 
She spoke as she leaned in his arms “Sean, I’m pregnant according to the pregnancy test I took."
She looked up to see a range of emotions on his face as he held her in a hug. He was frowning as he stroked her black hair with his tanned hands. Sighing she felt from her position Sean speak and again looked at him. His eyes were closed and he was mumbling something undecipherable that didn't seem like the Tago language. I didn't catch what he said as I sensed Katia felt him hold her tighter in his arms. Katia sighed as he felt him hold her. Sean could feel Katia relaxing and picked her up with his great strength. He carried her to the bedroom and laid her on the bed and handed her an empty trash can which she clutched. He wordlessly walked towards the kitchen unit in the living room to see what he could do to be busy. 

I wound up seeing Katia groaning moaning loudly while in her bedroom to see her strip off her thin nightgown while rubbing a hand on her abdomen. I saw with shock her abdomen area began to grow swollen and more swollen to my shock. I frowned while watching it as Sean darted into the bedroom gasping loudly.
I wound up hearing him swear "Fuck!"
It shocked me as Sean wound up lifting up Katia and darted out of the apartment into the jungle as the sunset on the horizon. Katia was heard kept on groaning while held by Sean's arms. 
He got her into the jungle underneath a tree and spoke to her in a loud whisper "Just stay here while I get help for you."
I saw Sean leave shifting into his wolf form running in a direction I wasn't sure where. Katia wound up getting up despite in pain and saw her ran naked into the dark forest looking sinister with its clawed branches jutting from it clawing her. It was already night time in the jungle heat and she was running in the moonlight. She neared a tree and gasped feeling a hand on her swollen abdomen that became more swollen while she leaned a hand on the tree. Katia adjusted her form could hear howling growling like sounds. She leaned against the tree too tired to run anymore and sensed in the moonlight, someone was coming towards her. 
“No!” She screamed. 
The someone was a male with head devoid of hair and dressed in armor like clothes like Victor the Forbidden One, and had no helmet on with a long knife flashing in his left hand. I could see fangs of the male’s teeth as he advanced towards her through the moonlight. Her knees buckling and kneeled, hands on her swollen abdomen her hands onto the area. As the male, a Souler I saw with recognition and shock, with the knife nearly reached her, I saw a flash of movement out of the corner of my eyes seeing Katia and looked to see a figure came barreling towards the Souler. The Souler looked swinging his knife as the figure and he collided. They both fell towards the ground. Katia, I saw blinked her eyes with shock to see Sean, battling the Souler with the knife. I groaned as the Souler's knife swung at Sean. I saw that Marie could see their mouths moving and could hear them talking in a language she appearing to didn’t understand their words. 
Sean growled in the Tago dialect to the knife swinging Souler “You’re not harming her, Slayer.”
The Souler responded in the same language “I follow the Pack Leader who says she dies like any other vampire should die.” 
Sean spoke ducking as the knife swung at him “She’s carrying my child.”
The Souler wasn't moved spoke “Pack Leader ordered any vampire caught carrying offsprings dead which I obey.” 
He swung his small hand knife throwing it at her. Sean threw himself in the way of the knife’s arc which nicked his bare left arm despite leaving a blood dripping. 
Sean snarled out “You would harm a defenseless woman with my child she carries?”
The Souler, I noticed as Sean changed into a wolf displayed fear on his face and darted away into the forest jungle while screeching a cry of terror.
Sean shifted form and walked towards Katia who spoke “Sean.” 
Standing in front of her he kneeled and grabbed her in a hug with his arms. I could sense Sean sigh. Then abruptly she was pushed behind him as he turned his back. Katia clinging to Sean peered over his shoulder to see a light of a large flash light shining nearby sweeping the area. I could see Sean putting a hand on Katia's abdomen while appearing to struggle to want to change into a wolf or not. Katia from the pain, clung to the hand while groaning loudly from pains hitting her and to Sean as the light holder came nearer. I could sense Sean snarl some sound as the light shined on them. I saw Katia blinked her eyes through the glare of the light and laid her head on his shoulder. Sean snarled flashing his eyes golden towards the light holder. 
He was sensed thinking "It's the fabled Hunter of Trackers employed into the service of the Soulers to track and kill trackers like I serving my Master Nightwalker himself." 
The Hunter stood watching them with the light shining on them. 
I heard the voice of the Hunter speak in English followed by the sound of a long gun cocking “I was told that the Soulers want her dead for carrying an offspring.” 
Sean snarled out in English “You’ll have to kill me first to harm her.” 
“I won’t do that” said the Hunter who added “Get up.” 
Sean growled and pulled Katia up to a standing position as he stood. 
I heard the Hunter speak “I suggest you carry her.”
With a glare at the Hunter, Sean lifted a shaken pained Katia and held her in his arms as she gripped his neck with her arms. I could see Katia lean her head against his neck. 
Sean glared at the Hunter who gestured with the gun while speaking “You lead towards your residence's house understand?”
Sean nodded and led the way carrying Katia through the forests with the Hunter following. Reaching the house the back light flashed on which a held Katia got a good look at the light holder by peering over Sean’s shoulder despite the haze of pain sensed. I saw a man long blonde hair pulled back and he had a glare on his face while holding a long gun with a large light attached to the gun. His clothes I saw were green military styled and he appeared taller than Sean. 
Sean was seen frowned as the back door of the house opened and a voice yelled out “You three get in here now!”
He appeared to grimace recognizing the voice belonging to someone a male with a cane having blonde hair and all black creepy eyes came hobbling out of the house with a hand to stand on the porch. The group reached the house and entered it with the creepy eyed male following. The creepy eyed male flicked some light switches in the living room was bathing with light. Sean put Katia on the couch which he sat next to her. She leaned against him and he laid a hand on her swollen abdomen where she kept on groaning loudly. He ignored the creepy eyed male glaring at him, who limped to a chair across from him and sat. The Hunter, I saw stood next to Mister creepy eyes with his long gun still in his hands with a glare on his face. 
Mister Creepy Eyes ordered “Now spill it, Sean. I’m told by the Hunter here that the Soulers want her dead.”
Sean replied by angling his head to look at the male “She’s carrying my child, that’s reason why, Larry.” 
Mister Creepy Eyes, I assumed was his name Larry, gave a harrumph sound and spoke “You sure that’s the reason?”
I noticed Katia’s confused look as Larry added “Are you aware that the Amula, as you wolf changers call yourselves, and the vampires calling themselves Bloodies, have a fragile peace which can be easily broken?”
I frowned as the Hunter spoke “Amula and vampire mating are not easily accepted.” 
Sean snarled out “Well they accepted the Hunter mating with one of their own vampire females. His offspring is running in Salvador causing trouble for their King Nightwalker despite being a damned tracker-” 
Larry was heard, interrupted as the Hunter growled some sound “I know of that.” 
I heard the back door banged open as I saw a male Souler with knife in hand, came into the house with a scowl on his face. Sean growled flashing golden eyes when the Souler came into the living room still holding the knife and looking threatening. 
The Hunter aimed his gun at the Souler while speaking “Friend or foe?”
The Souler put away his long knife via scabbard on his back and spoke “Friend for now. I'm just here on your safety to make sure the offspring doesn't cause any problems once it's born judging by the noises she's making indicating it."
Sean looked at Katia who kept on groaning loudly while having a hand on her abdomen. The door to the residence banged open and Missy came into the room with a glare on her face she seeing Katia.
Missy spoke loudly "Sean move away while I handle the offspring's birth."
Sean obeyed to put Katia fully onto the couch as Missy went to her. I saw Missy pawing Katia via the private in a fucking sexual way but figured it was something else. I kept on watching the pawing till I saw something slimy and moving like a small baby came out wailing loudly as Katia appeared collapsed onto the couch groaning loudly. I eyed the baby as if drawn to find Missy holding it up to show it was a female a girl and appeared to look like a normal Human baby to me and not a vampire. 
The Souler spoke "It's your responsibility to get the offspring raised where she'll be raised among the natives here. My responsibility has ended."
Saying his words, the Souler took leave of the group slamming the back door with a bang sound. 
Missy spoke loudly "Sean, you sure you fathered this baby?"
Sean looked at Missy while holding Katia's hand who appeared to have passed out unconscious from the looks of her.
Sean spoke "I didn't father her offspring. The Bloodies' leader did the fathering. I said the fathering out of obligation to keep her and the offspring alive to the Slayers. Excuse me for lying."
Missy spoke again while still holding onto the baby "Prepare a vehicle Larry. I know of a place where she can be raised out of the way of the Bloodies."
Larry got up without a word and limped out of the house slamming the door. The sound of a vehicle was heard starting up followed by Missy going to a box holding periodicals and emptying it then placing the baby inside. 
Missy picked up the box and spoke "What name do you wish to refer this baby as?"
Katia, I saw, woke up with a groaning tone to speak "Mara, which means bitter for this pregnancy and birth was bitter to me and will end my life as sensed from it."
I gasped of shock hearing the name of Mara and her words while eyeing Missy holding the boxed baby who without a word gave a head bob and left the house slamming the door. 
Sean spoke "I'm sorry this had to happen to you, Katinka. I truly do love you but I know that love between us can't happen as wished by my Master."
Katia didn't say a word in response instead grabbed Sean and kissed him on the lips followed by gasping loudly as if choked. 
Sean underneath the watchful eye of the Hunter backed away from Katia gasping for air who mouthed I lip read "I love you Sean. I'll see you again when it's possible."
Katia appeared to be clawing her throat for air followed by becoming blue in the face and then became still with eyes open dead to the world. Sean without a word picked up Katia limply in his arms and carried her out of the house followed by the Hunter, his Father, I assumed was him.

I didn't dream of anything else involving the three of them but dreamed of Larry driving a jeep through the jungle via a pathway with Missy next to him holding a box as the sun rose from the horizon. I wound up watching as Larry got the jeep to a shanty town I recognized as the one I grew up in. Larry stopped the vehicle and Missy dropped the box out the window followed by driving away in a fast speed move watched by town's people and ignoring their attempts to be flagged down by swerving around them. I kept on watching the box as if focused via dream to do it. A female I recognized as Elizabeth to my shock, arrived into view to open the box and pulled out the baby I figured was me and without a word towards the town's folk took me to her metallic hut then I woke up after that. 
I wound up feeling upset with the dreams I had enough to type them down and figured that I was rejected as a baby of given no loved status by my Father, Nightwalker who used my Mother, Katia, herself for mating and nothing else. I felt dejected on being rejected by my Mother who called me Mara a name that meant she didn't want me to existence and blamed me for her life ending from saying it. I figured she was blaming me about carrying me to existence hence the name used and allowed to die instead of surviving the birth of me. 
It made me upset to think of that thought to feel like moping around the apartment in a sad mood for awhile. I did that moping ignored by John who didn't seemed caring towards me having fits of crying bloody red tears over and over. I was upset with the rejection of love, I got from birth and rejection John was appearing to give me, instead of giving me the status of love I wanted in the first place. It's a no wonder I always wanted that love status since I was old enough to understand it as a youngster. I felt no love from anyone as a baby enough to crave it despite people balking on giving the love status to me. Even John has rejected me and appears to not love me like I love him back. I don't want to live in this loveless relationship with this fucker named John. John has been ignoring me for too many days while living in the spare bedroom. He sleeping in there and ignoring our bed to sleep with me like I keep on hoping he would do. I hardly see him very much around here. The closest I saw him was a fucking black blur followed by feeling the door entrance to the apartment slam. That's all I've been seeing from him and nothing else. He has always managed to avoid me to be locked in the spare bedroom. He appearing to be spending hours in there to do whatever the fuck he wants, I don't know what's he's doing other that those mysterious fucking vibrations kept on being felt from there. This has continued on for seven days I counted. 
It's getting me very upset with John to the point that I think he doesn't want me anymore and had never cared to love me, and is being fucking rude enough to not say this rejection bit to me in my face. It's enough to insult him as a fucker including my inappropriate language used in here. 
It's making me think "Fucker doesn't want anything to do with me at all hence his fucking avoidance and rejection including that he doesn't love me like I hoped he would." 
I just want to be loved and I'm not getting it from the fucker with his shitty behavior like I hoped to get. He's the last person in the world I would think he would reject me in my efforts to get the love status I wanted all my life. 
I think I ought to pack a suitcase, I found in the closet with my clothes. I was seeing on getting a transportation ride out of here to somewhere to start over fresh. I managed to save enough money for a bus ride to Alaska. It's just as long as I get out of fucking town of Nova and away from John. It's obvious he doesn't love me or care about me like I hoped. 
I would have to see on getting this love status I craved from people I'm not getting like I keep on hoping on getting it. It's killing me inside living in this fucking situation and not getting what I want from John or from people I keep on hoping on having. I'm tired and sick of this shit at the moment. Oh my fucking excuse of a mate, John, is here due to sensing a familiar vibration that made me look up from the computer to see him giving me a red eyed look in his eyes that makes me nervous. 
He is blaring at me mentally "Get off the fucking computer and go into the fucking bedroom! I want to talk the fuck to you now!"
Will type more once I find out what he wants. 

John got me into the bedroom despite me not saying a word in response. He practically carried me into there in a fast move by yanking me off the armchair and away from the laptop falling to the floor. Luckily my work was saved before he pulled me off. He wound up dumping me onto the bed and then wound up locking the door. The door locking made me nervous. I found John stripping me of my clothes me wearing some sweats belonging to him by yanking them off of me in a fast move. I unwilling to go around the apartment wearing the covered up dress and any of my bright colored clothes, me not resisting to his stripping me. John wound up removing his clothes to get me lying onto the bed to proceed to do his familiar hands' touch and mouthing and licking me all over. He didn't spare my breasts or nipples or anywhere I considered private parts. I wound up rolling my eyes from pleasure feelings of his mouth's manipulations and hands running all over me, due to how good I was feeling from his touching me all over. I missed his touch very badly. 
I didn't protest when he led my hand to his sensitive part to feel and touch which I stopped my eyes' roll and felt the organ all over him. 
Him mentally groaning in my mind words I heard "Ah you're getting me fiery from your touch onto me."
I kept hearing that repeatedly which I figured that the fiery word was slang talk for my touch was making him feeling good. I felt him while hearing him moan mentally in my mind him not resisting to me touching him that way. 
I didn't protest as John got me to remove my hands and back onto my back. He proceeded to mouth me all over while I was running my hands through his always shoulder length hair within reach of me. I missed his touch badly that I welcomed him touching me. 
I also haven't been interested in touching him lately and him doing the same which it was shocking to get this interest suddenly after awhile of not getting it. John stopped the mouthing to stare at me in the eyes showing black Human like eyes instead of red with some look in them I eyeing him back.
"I love you." I got from John sounding firm like he meant it.
I felt myself shocked hearing that to hear him continue on mentally blaring the words while repeatedly kissing me on the lips and speak those words then kiss me. 
I broke the pattern and told him mentally "I love you. You gave me what I've been seeking from anyone was those three words I kept on hoping on getting."
He kissed me on the lips in response which I kissed him back before he broke it off to my regret. He got inside me as I eyed him in the eyes he giving me a smiley look I felt feelings of love come from him till I got an intense charge of pleasure hitting me and shook which he shook in response before adjusting his form to my side to wrap arms around me and kissing my cheek. 
I shut my eyes and smiled figuring out that I finally had gotten what I wanted in life. 
The End

Janick smiled a thin smile as Lisa came to the end of the book. He in a super speed motion darted out of Lisa's closet to get onto the bed with her. She was appearing to not notice him joining her. Janick eyed Lisa still sitting holding the book.
Lisa found her fear hitting her gone from her along with a yellow vision blaring after turning off the lamp to within her eyesight. She realized why she was given the book for she was actually a Sonya going to be paired to a Bloody vampire. She groaned realizing why her Father kept working odd evening hours including having her doing the same despite hardly working during the day. It was due to that he was a Bloody himself she herself being a Sonya. She sighed to groan realizing why her recent skin sensitivity to the sun involving painful sunburn like rashes was because of her Sonya status developing. Including realizing why David was always covered up due to that he was a Bloody himself. She thumped the book onto her nightstand and got yellow vision dominant as she lied down onto the bed to feel shock of thick muscular clothe covered arms wrap around her in some hug move. 
Janick eyed Lisa who quickly twisted herself to face him her expression changing from shock to appearing to accept him by the looks of her face of not appearing to look afraid to see him.
Lisa scrutinized the male in bed with her to recognize him with a start. He was the man who fisted the three men trying to target her during a wee hour morning jog on a lighted up trail during dark time due to her sun sensitivity. She recalled after the males were knocked unconscious from holding her, shooed away by the male. She ran home and avoided that trail since including avoiding going out for jogs on that trail. Only went traveling among the public during the evening hours of when it was completely dark out but have glimpsed some male with looks of her Father having long black hair with some narrowed creepy black eyed look and pale white skin, but not her Father from time to time caught following her and staring at her at places she went to. She feeling annoyed with that and has found that he had refused to stop following her despite attempts to ditch him. 
Janick accepted Lisa gently feeling his face he not he not resisting to it. He saw her eyed his face with a scrutiny look followed by further recognition in her eyes. He smiled not baring his fanged teeth while eyeing Lisa who kept staring at him while touching his face. 
Lisa realized that he was the male Bloody that was caught during the evening hours staring at her and following her and his hair was shoulder length around his head he eyeing her back with some happy look in his eyes and facial expression she saw. She figured out she had accepted him like he wanted her to do. 
Janick mentally blared in Lisa's mind in a male voice tone sounding friendly as he could "You know me as David your bodyguard, Lisa." 
Lisa in response to his pleasure gently brought her lips to his lips and kissed him, him kissing her back. He smelled the familiar smell of breeding cycle activated from Lisa abruptly. 
Lisa kissed David making her feel cramps in her abdomen area along with a feeling of wanting to mate with him. 
She broke off the kiss and mentally spoke towards him "David, get out of your clothes and get yourself inside me now." 
Janick obeyed to her order stripping himself of his clothes as she did the same.
Lisa laid down on the bed and sighed loudly feeling David's body on top of hers that felt muscular to the feel. She felt him penetrate her shattering her virginity inside her. She felt pleasure as he continued to thrust in and out of her she running hands through his hair and him running hands on her front. 
Janick felt an intense charge of pleasure hit him like electricity jolts making him shake while feeling her doing the same shaking to his satisfaction. 
Lisa smiled as he pulled out and wrapped arms around her. 
She heard him mentally speak "I loved you since I've laid eyes onto you in trouble from those fools targeting you inappropriately." 
She looked at him in the eyes and mentally spoke "I love you too and thanks for saving my life."
Janick kissed Lisa in response followed wrapping his arms around her as she did the same. He saw her shut her eyes sensing happiness hitting her as she fell asleep safe in the arms of him, her mate. 

The End
