Marked by Death
(Necromancer Book 1)

by Kaje Harper

Copyright © 2020 Kaje Harper
Cover Art © 2020 Kaje Harper
Formatting by Beaten Track Publishing – beatentrackpublishing.com
All rights reserved. This copy is intended for the original purchaser of this e-book ONLY. No part of this e-book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission of the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
Image/art disclaimer: Licensed material is being used for illustrative purposes only. Any person depicted is a model.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Content warning: For adult readers over the age of 18 only. This book contains explicit sexual situations between two men.

* * * * *

Asking a necromancer for help is scary; falling for him may be downright terrifying.
Darien Green’s afraid he’s going insane. The voices in his head are getting louder, weirder, and more numerous. But tattoos appearing on his skin say that there might be a magical reason, something other than his own brain going around the bend. He’s worked up the nerve to ask the local necromancer for help. Now he just has to survive his encounter with tall, dark, and talks-to-ghosts.
Necromancer Silas Thornwood doesn’t appreciate being woken out of his bed by a stranger pounding on his door. But when that stranger turns out to be a half-frozen young man with an unexpected appeal, Silas can’t turn him away. Even Grim, his cat-familiar, agrees— in a world of death and demons, protecting gorgeous, ghost-ridden Darien is Silas’s next difficult job.

* * * * *

Contents
Acknowledgements
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Excerpt from Powered by Ghosts (Necromancer Book 2)
About the Author
Other Books by Kaje Harper

* * * * *

Acknowledgements
This story happened because of the great people who joined my Facebook group – Kaje’s Conversation Corner. I wanted to post something new for them, as part of my Sunday writing, and this “flash fiction” piece somehow grew from a single post to a 49,000-word novella. With a sequel. For the pure fun of it.
A big thank you to ELF, Becca, and K.C. Faelan for beta reading this first story and helping me turn the original serial into something more coherent and polished. Thank you to my son for the cover help at short notice, and to all the group members who voted on title choices, and who encouraged me to write Darien and Silas.
This wasn’t my planned project for this fall, but one of the most important things for me as a writer is to keep the joy in the process. This one was a reminder of how much fun I can have simply writing. I hope readers will enjoy it too.

* * * * *

Chapter 1
Darien woke screaming. The instant he could move, he rolled over and stuffed his pillow into his mouth, trying to muffle the sounds, choking against his own wild breaths.
The nightmare tried to claw him back in, a new voice inside his head chittering about cats and stairs and dark places. The other voices were quieter, as if making room for the additional rider, but he could hear them shifting around in there, grunting or moaning a word. He clutched his head between his hands and pressed, wishing he could squeeze them out of his skull.
On cue, a loud thumping from below marked Mrs. Gordon deploying her broomstick. Shit. She’d said one more loud night, and he’d be out on his ear, rent or no rent. He flipped the pillow over his head, as if that would make a difference. A few more thumps, and silence reigned outside his head. Inside his head— double shit.
Crying, begging, cursing, strange laughter.
He forced himself upright— no way he was going to sleep again tonight. Things shifted in his skull, voices that almost made sense, hiding around the corners of his mind. He set his bare feet on the ice-cold floor, hoping the shock would do… something. Jump-start his brain, send the voices running, hell, stop his heart. At this point he didn’t much care.
All it did was chill his toes. He shuddered and eased out of bed. Tugging at the ratty blanket, he pulled it free of the mattress and wrapped it around himself, though it did very little to ease the cold inside him. As quietly as he could, he went to get a drink of water from the chipped sink in the corner, but when he got there, the mirror glittered at him, reflecting the neon lights through the cheap curtains. Red, yellow, red, yellow— no words, broken up by the fabric, just a flicker of malevolent fire.
Like the fires of hell.
He gave his own unshaven cheek a slap, because fuck the melodrama. He might be going crazy, but damned if he was going to drag religion into it. Bending to the sink, he let the water drip almost silently into his palms, until he’d gathered enough to splash his face. He took his mug from the ledge and opened the tap to a slightly faster flow. The pipes groaned, and he echoed them, as Mrs. Gordon thumped her ceiling again.
Losing the room for sure.
Well, at least that settled his mind. He’d been here almost a week, circling the drain, unable to pull the trigger, but tonight was like a last sucker-punch from the universe. Time to find the necromancer.
Before he could convince himself his problems were all in his head— ha, like they aren’t? —he dropped the blanket and peered at the side of his neck where his skin itched and felt tight. A thin wand of gray crept from the neck of his shirt up the line of his jugular vein. His hands shook, despite everything, as he pulled the shirt away from his collarbone. Underneath it, the dark wand resolved into the tail of a cat, walking away, tattooed on his skin. A tattoo he hadn’t worn when he went to bed. Just like the rest of them.
He clenched his fingers together to keep from clawing at it. He’d tried. That second one— the speedboat on his arm— he’d cut and burned. He’d scraped it from his skin till he bled raw. And as he healed it’d reformed over the damaged skin, darker, warped, bigger maybe. He’d stopped trying.
How insane was his life that instead of heading to a payphone and calling a doctor or psychiatrist, he was considering… magic? But what would a doctor do, except stick him in an insane asylum for hearing voices? I have people screaming about their death in my head. This might be the modern era of color TV and rocket launches, but the tattoos creeping across his skin suggested magic wasn’t just a bad joke on Johnny Carson. Maybe the dark whispers were right, and the necromancer was more than just a guy who exorcised poltergeists. Maybe he could help somehow.
Don’t wait. Go now.
He smacked his forehead. That was crazy. The night outside was dark and icy. The necromancer’s house was a mile out of town, along slippery streets where desperate people might mug him for the clothes on his back.
Crazy is as crazy does.
Without giving himself more time to think, he dropped the blanket back on the bed and pulled on his jacket. Socks and battered loafers took only a moment, since he slept in most of his clothes for warmth anyway. Almost everything else he owned was in his suitcase, and it was fast work to add the battered novel from his bedside, his comb and toothbrush and the mug. For a second he hesitated, eyeing the bed. He was so tired. Even if she kicked him out in the morning, he could still rest a few more hours.
Something inside his skull hissed, more water-on-a-stove than a cat sound, and someone else groaned.
Fuck rest.
The stairs creaked as he went down them, but it didn’t matter now. He was tempted to leave the downstairs door unlocked on his way out, but he held no grudge against the people sleeping in the other rooms. He battled the sticky lock shut and stuck the key in his pocket. Mrs. Gordon could worry about changing the lock tomorrow. She could pay for it out of the three days’ rent he’d abandoned.
The neon of the Girls, Girls, Girls XXX next door splashed red and gold on the slick sidewalk. Inside the building, the faint thump of a bass music line echoed, still two hours before closing. He turned away from it, heading toward the outskirts of town, the pavement treacherous under his worn loafers.
Squat three-story buildings loomed over him, cheap boarding houses and small iron-barred stores with apartments above. Most of the windows were dark, hardworking folk already in bed or not wanting to pay for the power. The few streetlights were widely spaced apart and some were broken. He moved from one pool of light to the next, his senses on high alert.
Things scuttled in the dark of an alley. Like in my head, lurking— he forced himself to pay attention. If he’d wanted to get his skull bashed in, there were easier choices than creeping through the icy streets at midnight, with the cold wind freezing the back of his neck. His pulse raced in his throat and his chest tightened. He clutched the knife in his pocket and straightened his shoulders. Nothing to see here. Too poor to rob, too much trouble to rape, no fun to chase.
Either the motion had merely been rats, or the lurkers hadn’t thought much of him as prey, because he passed by and nothing came up behind him, no one called out or ran. He moved to the next circle of light, and the next, his heart gradually slowing back to normal.
After a dozen blocks, the buildings began spacing out. Stores lost their guardian bars, and the smells of urine and beer and cabbage and rot gave way to something cold and clean. Single homes sat on small lots behind grass and actual trees.
I came from this once. It shouldn’t be a surprise. But it had been a long time since he’d been out this way.
His teeth chattered as the wind picked up, whipping through the spaces between the houses. The hoot of an owl startled him so much he slipped and went down, cracking one hip hard on the sidewalk. The shock reverberated through him. Like glass when it cracks. He lay still for a moment, working up the energy to move.
The only thing cracked is your brain. Get up off your ass. Don’t be a quitter.
He rolled over, elbows on the freezing cement that sucked the heat right through his jacket.
I could just lie here. They’d find me frozen in the morning… except he wasn’t sure what they would find. The voices in his head were getting loud and excited. Were they afraid their host was dying, or anticipating the moment he’d vacate his skull and leave them to own it?
To hell with that. He pushed to his feet, and returned to setting one step after another. A yard, a block, three.
The houses ended. And there on the hill, picturesquely silhouetted against a fucking crescent moon, was the old Vickery place. The new powerful necromancer’s place, if the crazy whispers he’d laughed at were right.
They say he speaks to the dead, and takes payment in human flesh. They say he summons demons, and will tell your future if you bring enough money.
Well, they also said the moon was made of green cheese, and the Mayor cared about his citizens. Anyone who believed rumors got what he deserved. Besides, if Darien wasn’t insane— if the voices in his head were ghosts or demons, not just his brain slipping off its moorings— speaking to the dead still made the necromancer the man to go to. Darien clenched his chattering teeth, hugged his coat tightly to himself, and trudged on.
He was so miserably cold, so narrowed down to just taking that next step, that he was almost up the hill before he registered that the ground was rising under his feet. He stopped and looked up. The old house was a crazy mess of turrets and balconies, and for all he knew, flying buttresses. Like someone took a drunk architect on Halloween and told him, “Build me a mansion.” Tonight, every window loomed sightless and dark. The moon, dancing between clouds, lit a spire here and a railing there, in a glitter of icy fantasy.
It seemed so unreal, he had to pinch himself to be sure it wasn’t another nightmare, lost in this cold quest while the place he needed to go hung out of reach.
Ouch. Okay, either real, or he’d learned to dream about pinching himself.
The front steps were slick with ice. He let go of his knife, pulling his hand out of his pocket to grip the iron railing, and hauled himself upward. The chill bit his fingers through the holes in his gloves. At the top, a tall, arched double door frowned down on him, daring him to drag his scrawny carcass through its hallowed portal. If doors could dare people—
Maybe I’m losing it. He laughed, and the sound could’ve been sold for some horror movie soundtrack. Definitely losing it. He reached for the doorbell.
He’d expected to find it hard to cross that last inch, to push the bell and summon the necromancer those rare believers spoke of in hushed whispers. But freezing to death was a good reason to skip the dramatic pauses. He stabbed at the button with a shaking finger.
Somewhere inside, a double chime rang. He laughed, a bit less weirdly this time, because he’d been expecting the necromancer’s doorbell to toll like the church of the damned, not say ding-dong. When there was no answer after a minute, he pushed it again. And again. And again. And again.
Then in a rhythm; a rapid tattoo; a long forceful shove that translated to a single ding.
Damn you, you bastard. He pounded on the door. I’m not dying on your doorstep with my head full of shit because you’re too comfortable in bed to answer the damned door.
“Let me in!” He stamped feet so numb he heard the sound, but felt nothing, and thumped the door harder. “Hey, you, necroguy! Let me the fuck in!”
The door sneered down on him, unmoving, and he thumped it with his fists, then his feet. “Open up! Let me in. Let me in.” His voice shook with cold and anger and something breaking inside him, because if this didn’t work, he could feel the bits of his mind getting ragged around the edges. Things stalked in there, more every week, months of building from a whisper to a cacophony. Something had to give— his fists, his body, his mind, the door—
The door suddenly swung open, staggering him. He fell inward, so off-balance that he couldn’t catch himself. As he passed through the portal, from the icy cold and dark to the warm, gold glow of a hallway, something hit him like a blow. His whole body rang, a gong stuck, a lid slammed shut. He landed on a wooden floor, the boards a little dusty and scuffed where his face smooshed up against them. A few inches from his nose, two large feet in felted slippers took a step backward.
He had a thousand questions, apologies, pleas, but all he could think— all he could say— was “It’s so quiet in here.” For the first time in months, nothing whispered behind his eyes. No hissing, no curses, no garble of words or grunts or threats. He closed his eyes, savoring his aloneness. “Quiet.”
A deep voice said something that echoed in his brain and passed through without leaving anything behind. I should get up. Ask for help. But a dark muffling softness smothered light, and sound, and then thought.

* * * * *

Chapter 2
Silas stared down at the stranger on his floor. He fell through the wards! Although apparently they’d knocked him out in the process. The recoil from that power surge throbbed in Silas’s temples, but not with the huge energy-draw the wards would have demanded to repel a demon. There was no scent of hellfire.
Not possessed by a demon. What is he, though? I should never have opened the door.
He hadn’t planned to. The shouting and battering that woke him had blended for a moment in atavistic dreams of torches and pitchforks, of a mob clamoring for his head, although his dawning common sense said it was almost 1963, and roused citizens would have baseball bats and flashlights, not pitchforks. He’d crept to the window to peer out. Seeing just one guy down there had been a relief that quickly changed to fury. He’d marched downstairs to open the door and yell in the bastard’s face and slam him out. Maybe with an arcane shove down the steps.
But then he fell in. And passed out cold.
Speaking of cold— the stranger’s feet hung over the threshold, keeping the door ajar, and the icy chill was sucking the heat out of the house. Silas gave a half-second’s thought to rolling the man out again before shutting it.
He’d freeze to death.
And how is that my problem?
He couldn’t bring himself to do it. Some dreaded necromancer you are.
He took hold of the guy under the arms and dragged him a few feet forward. He was lighter than Silas expected, like maybe he hadn’t eaten in a while, and he breathed shallowly. A ratty suitcase lay partially under him and Silas shoved it to the side. The vicious wind cut off as he bumped the door shut. Despite his curiosity, he took a moment to reset the door wards. Weaving the pattern pulled more power from him, and he clutched the door frame for a moment, before bending to roll his uninvited guest over.
Well, now, he’s worth getting out of bed for. The man was young, not much over twenty, with perfectly-shaped full lips and high cheekbones under a scruff of unshaved beard. A few wisps of straight, dark hair fell from under the knit cap he wore. He was bundled in an old jacket that looked too lightweight for the chill outside, and was none too clean.
“Since when do your toys get delivered to the door?” Grimalkin padded toward them, paws silent on the wood floor, tail-tip twitching. “In the middle of the night yet.”
“Hush, cat,” Silas said. “He’s not a toy.”
“Really?” Grim made a circle of the young man’s body, whiskers twitching. “He looks like your type. Smells like trouble, though. Smells of death and dirt and screams in the night.”
Silas held back a sigh. Grim might be a pain in the ass, as familiars went, but he was also usually right. Of course this wouldn’t be some innocent young gentleman banging on a necromancer’s door at midnight because he had a hankering for necromancer cock. “How much trouble?”
Grim touched his pink nose to the stranger’s wrist, and then stilled for a moment, an inward look in his eyes. He huffed, and shook his whiskers. “None at all, unless you start getting him warmed up. He might’ve caught his death of cold out there, which would solve your problem.”
Silas knelt swiftly to check the man’s pulse. It fluttered threadily and slow under skin that held almost no heat. Dammit, I’m no nursemaid. His powers were pretty much antithetical to healing.
Which doesn’t mean you can’t manage a warm bath and a glass of whiskey. He bent and slid his arms under the stranger, lifting him. The thin body hung limp in his arms, and as the man’s head fell back, the skin of his exposed throat showed a wide dark line that glimmered to Silas’s senses.
A spirit mark. Damn. Trouble indeed.
He carried the young man up the stairs, pressing his hip against the railing for stability and cursing the strain of the unwieldy weight under his breath. I need to exercise more. Sorcery was best done in a balance of mind, body, and spirit, and he’d been neglecting the body aspect. Serve me right if a demon does eat me. But not tonight.
He sighed with relief as he reached the upper floor. The guest bath was down at the end of the hall, but his own suite was closer. The raised tub he’d put in for himself was a lot bigger and more accessible than the old claw-foot that still lurked in the guest bath, and his rooms were warmer.
Laying the young man on the tiled floor, he set about removing the guy’s clothes. Easing off the hat revealed a mop of straight, ink-black hair that looked like it had been cut with nail scissors. Smoky lashes just as dark fluttered, but the man’s eyes didn’t open. Silas cradled his skull gently and set the hat under him as a pillow.
I wonder what color his eyes are— Pulling off the jacket curbed his wandering mind, because every inch of revealed skin was marked with tattoos that shimmered in his Othersight. A knife, a boat, a rock, trees, a hammer— he peeled the gray T-shirt off the man’s thin chest to reveal a compass rose, a set of clawmarks, deadly nightshade, a tree, a snake that disappeared under the waistband of threadbare trousers. A dozen spirit marks, at least, and all sharp and clear, not bruised smudges. Holy hell. How can he carry so many?
The skin under the boat was lumpy and ridged, the ink darker and more ferocious over the scars. He touched the skin lightly, feeling a faint stirring in his head that had him slamming shields, and tracing a ring of wards around the area. That’s a nasty one.
From the doorway, Grimalkin said, “At least he’s not a demon.”
Silas puffed a breath. “I’d like to think you’d warn me before I opened the door to a demon.”
Grim spread one upturned paw and licked a curved claw delicately. “I might. Unless I was bored.”
“Good to know I can count on you.” He reached for the man’s zipper, then paused. It made sense to get the water warming first, right? He bent over the taps and started the flow, letting the hot water run alone, since it would take a while for any warmth to make its way up from the basement boiler. Outside the window, flakes of snow began ticking against the leaded panes.
Grimalkin wandered over and put a paw on the claw marks on the young man’s shoulder, spreading his own claws wide. Whatever creature the marks signified, they were a lot bigger than a twenty-pound tabby. Grim pulled back his foot and shook it, like he’d stepped in glue. “Oh, he’s going to be fun for you to play with.” His flattened ears and raised ruff showed an unease that didn’t reach his voice. “Come on, Master, I shouldn’t have to explain a trouser button to you, of all people.”
Silas didn’t deign to look at Grim as he knelt back down and stripped off the man’s battered loafers, holey socks, and worn slacks. He left the guy’s underwear in place. In the tub, the water was beginning to steam faintly, and he adjusted the temperature and put in the stopper. As the bottom began to fill, he bent and slid his arms under the young man’s shoulders and knees. One more time.
The effort of lifting made his temples throb, but he got the young man up off the floor, over to the tub, and into the water without dropping him. Muscle strain pulled across Silas’s shoulders as he hauled the man up against the end of the tub and supported him there. The guy’s head lolled forward and Silas used his own temple against the man’s forehead to nudge him back to a more stable position. The scent of his sweat was acrid and unpleasant, but it triggered something inside Silas— like the chime of a crystal goblet when the rim was struck. A sharp, inaudible note that had his whole body vibrating in time with it.
What the hell? He almost lost his grip on the man’s naked shoulders. Do I know him?
He tried to take in every inch of the skinny, pale body in his bath, as the warm water crept upward. There was a scar on one thigh, straight and narrow and long healed. The fingers drifting lax in the tub were well-shaped and slender but every nail was chewed down to the quick. The soaked fabric of the thin briefs showed the man was well-endowed and circumcised— Mind out of the gutter.
Although the queer bars and back rooms with low lights were the one place he might’ve met this guy before, and not know him now. I swear I don’t recognize him.
Maybe one of the spirits, then. The man’s body was full of them, roiling under the surface as Silas freed a hand to slosh the warm water higher across the narrow belly and washboard-ribbed chest. His own reserves were low, after his last hunt and the breaking of his wards, but he drew down what power he had left to turn the slosh of water into a warding of another sort.
Sleep, restless shades. Be still now. Be the mouse when the shadow of the hawk passes over. Hold ye STILL!
The flash of power ran down his arm and out into the water. He coaxed small waves to break over the marked skin across both shoulders and up to the man’s neck. As the last inch of skin below his chin was soaked, the man’s eyelids opened. For a moment, those dark chestnut eyes stared into Silas’s, and something crossed that space in recognition.
Then the man bucked upward, fighting his hold. “What the hell!” He struggled, and Silas let go as a splash of water caught his face. Sputtering, he reached out too late to keep the stranger from sliding underwater. Luckily, he seemed to be awake because he pushed up immediately, coughing and wiping at his eyes.
“Stay put!” Silas snapped, putting the level of command in his voice that made most people think twice about disobeying.
“Fuck you.” The man surged to his feet, water dripping from him. “What are you doing? Where are my clothes?”
Silas stepped back and folded his arms. “I’m thawing you out. Because you were apparently fool enough to come out on a chill night without decent clothing, and presumptive enough to pass out on a necromancer’s doorstep.”
“Thawing?” The man looked down at the water sloshing around his calves, and shuddered as if he just noticed the chill. “I—”
“Sit down,” Silas said. “You’re still freezing.”
The man sat abruptly, catching himself with his hands so the thump of his rear end hitting the tub was muffled. Silas bent to the taps to adjust the temperature warmer. He held himself ready to fight or jump back if the stranger made a move, but the man just hugged his knees to his chest and sat there in the bath, shivering.
Silas straightened. “Your clothes are over there, but I’d recommend a clean robe, and a liberal application of laundry soap first.”
A flush ran up the man’s pale cheeks. “Wasn’t m-much chance of that where I was living— Hey!” His gaze turned inward, and despite the chattering of his teeth, he brightened. “Th-they’re g-gone. The voices! I— you— d-doorstep? Did the necromancer fix me? Wow, I—”
“I wouldn’t call it fixed,” Silas warned, before the guy could get too excited. “They’re just sleeping. Fixed isn’t going to be anywhere nearly as simple.”
“Still.” The guy shivered hard, but his eyes were brilliant. “This is amazing!”
“Not that you deserved it, banging on the door at two in the morning.” A little of Silas’s remembered fear sharpened his voice. “What were you thinking? I might’ve shot you. Or left you to freeze.” I still might. He reminded himself that however familiar this guy seemed, he might be a trap, a bomb; this skin-package full of dead forces could’ve come from any enemy.
“I wasn’t thinking.” The man’s tone sounded normal, young. He slid deeper into the tub, letting the warm water rise to his chin. “I haven’t slept in so long, it’s a miracle I didn’t end up falling in the river instead of reaching this house.”
Something about those words triggered an alarm, like a fly tweaking a spiderweb. Except Silas couldn’t figure out what the tweaking bit was, so he focused on the mundane meaning. “You can spend the rest of the night here, at least.”
The man rested his head on the edge of the tub and closed his eyes. “Dear God, I might sleep, at that. It’s so peaceful.”
Silas bent close to shake him. “Don’t get too comfortable. I didn’t save you from freezing to let you drown in the bath.”
The man’s eyes popped open, staring into his own from inches away. Those perfectly-shaped lips opened to say something, but then another thought clearly hit, leaving the man’s pupils wide, and his mouth hanging open.
Silas stood back up. “I’ll get you a robe.” Did he have a spare? “Or a blanket. There’s a couple on my bed.” The man was still staring, eyes dilated as dark wells. “What?”
The young man’s throat worked convulsively as he swallowed. He whispered, “Silas? Silas Thornwood?”

* * * * *

Chapter 3
Darien stared up at the dark-haired, lean man standing above him. Yes? It has to be. He’d only been twelve, the last time he saw Silas Thornwood, but he knew every plane of that long face, even with uncharacteristically mussed hair and a shadow of beard-stubble. Those intent steel-gray eyes boring into his were unmistakable. “It is you.”
Silas took a step back, narrow brows furrowing. “Who are you?”
Darien flinched. But really, he’d changed a lot since twelve. And Silas had been home for his father’s funeral, and no doubt distracted. He’d changed even more since he was eight, the year Silas moved away. “Picture me about yeah-high—” He held his dripping hand about three feet off the tub bottom. “—and unable to stop asking questions.”
Expressions flitted across Silas’s face, too fast for Darien to interpret them. Then his forehead smoothed out. “Darien?”
“Yeah. Long time no see.” All the stress of the night suddenly caught up with him and he slumped into the water, shudders racking his body. I’m safe. No matter who or what the necromancer is, I trust Silas. He wouldn’t work for someone evil.
He’d been ready for anything— to be turned away and die in the cold, to have the necromancer demand his blood or his body or his soul in return for help, even to be fed to demons. At least then his head would finally be quiet. He’d never expected to find a friend working for the necromancer.
If he could call Silas a “friend.” Because most of that “friendship” had been hero worship on his part, and tolerance from ten-years-older Silas. Maybe not a friend. But someone I don’t think will feed me to demons. He’d always trusted Silas unquestioningly.
He closed his eyes. It’d been so damned long since someone was on his side. His shuddering eased down to little twitches, there in the soft, warm water—
“Stop!” A hard grip on his arms pulled him up higher in the tub, even as water up his nose made him snort. Silas glared at him. “You can’t sleep in there. Get up.”
“I—” He suddenly realized he was almost naked, all his secrets bared on his skin, and his privates outlined by wet underwear. Thank God, he was too exhausted for anything more embarrassing to be going on there. “Just a second— “
“No.” Silas had surprising strength in his lean hands. “Up you come.” He dragged Darien to his feet, supporting him in the slippery tub. “Out now, right leg.”
Darien clung to him because there was no alternative and lifted one leg out. The mat under his feet was fleecy and thick, and he was dripping all over everything.
“Left leg.” Silas didn’t let go of him, as he managed to get the other foot over the rim and stand, shivering.
“I c-c-can— “
“Towel.” Silas let go with one hand to grab a big white one, and wrapped it around Darien, rubbing his upper arms through the cloth.
The rubbing was vigorous, even rough, shoving him back and forth, but it eased his shakes. He clutched the towel around himself and stepped back to the edge of the mat. “I can do it. I’m not helpless.”
“You’re a mess.” Silas sounded angry. “You’re skinny as hell and half frozen and—” Silas reached out with one finger toward Darien’s neck. He held still and let that finger touch him, trace down his skin where he knew the tail of the cat was now inked. “What did you do?” Silas’s voice dropped to a whisper, like he didn’t expect an answer. “Who sent you here?”
“No one sent me!” He clung to that, a badge of pride. The voices in his head sometimes pushed, suggested, begged for random things, but no one in the whole damned world told Darien Green what to do. Not anymore. Not ever. Unless the necromancer— He cut that thought off. Deal with one thing at a time. “I heard a necromancer had moved in here. Folks who believe in that nonsense—” He stopped, because that was pretty insulting, and after all, here he was. “—people said he’s powerful. I figured if anyone could help me, he was the one.”
“You thought it was nonsense, and then came to ask for help in the middle of the night?”
“Don’t people ask him to do stuff? Like exorcisms?” Darien’s empty stomach gurgled and he felt lightheaded. “I know they probably pay him a lot, and I can’t, all right? But I can work it off or do something, anything. If you’d just ask him.”
“Him?” Silas’s eyebrows climbed.
“Yeah. I mean, it doesn’t have to be tonight.” Now that he had room in his head to think, he felt sick at how he’d barged on up here to disturb someone that powerful from his sleep. He had a memory of leaning on the doorbell, maybe yelling insults— “Of course, not tonight! I’m already so much better. It’s fine. In the morning. Or whenever he has time. I can wait.” As long as whatever happened keeps the voices quiet.
Silas was still staring at him as if he had two heads. Darien shifted his weight uncomfortably. “Isn’t he here?”
“Of course he is.” Silas cleared his throat, and a tiny twitch raised one corner of his mouth. “You’re looking at him.”
It took a moment for that to make sense. “You?” He couldn’t make that picture work. “I thought you were his secretary or something. You’re only ten years older than me.”
The glint of humor died out of Silas’s eyes. “Necromancers have a way of making things happen… more expediently.”
“You’re pulling my leg, right?” He knew Silas. This was the guy who’d helped get his ball off the garage roof, the one who’d come running and checked his scraped elbow when he fell off his bike. Silas did ordinary things like taking out the trash, and washing the car for his dad. Sure, he’d turned eighteen and moved away, only coming back that one brief time, but still, this was Silas.
Who stood there, arms crossed, frowning at him.
“Come on. Powerful guy who talks to demons…”
“I don’t chat with them.” Silas’s voice was dry as bone. “I kill the host and banish them.”
“Seriously? You?”
High-pitched laughter sounded from the bathroom doorway. “Oh, I do like this kid. Time someone took you down a peg.”
Darien looked that way, expecting a woman, or maybe the elderly necromancer after all. The only thing to walk into the steamy room was a very large, green-eyed tabby cat. The cat paced towards them and sat, tapping at a little rivulet of water on the tile with one neat paw.
Silas said, “Thanks, Grim. I always can count on you.”
“Grim?” Darien looked back and forth from man to cat. “Is he yours? He’s gorgeous.”
The cat’s pink mouth opened. “Do I thank you for the compliment, or add some more claw marks for suggesting anyone owns me?” Its voice was high but with a hint of vibration.
Its voice? Darien rubbed his eyes vigorously, and stared at Silas. “It talks?”
“He, if you please.” The cat raised a paw and slowly unsheathed a set of very sharp-looking claws. He flexed the paw a couple of times, then set it down and stared into Darien’s eyes. “And of course I do.”
Silas said, “Grim, this is apparently Darien Green, whom I knew when he was much younger. Darien, my familiar, Grimalkin.”
“Oh, uh, hi!” Darien clutched the towel. Those dagger nails didn’t make a handshake appealing, if cats even shook hands. “Grimalkin? That’s—” Common. Clichéd, He closed his mouth without digging his grave any deeper.
“All cat familiars are Grimalkin,” the cat said, as if reading his mind. “True names are powerful. We cats know better than to gift them to strangers. You can call me Grim.” He stood and stalked toward Darien, who held still, although he was suddenly aware of all his bare bits that were not protected by one inadequate towel.
The cat circled him, then rose on its haunches and put out a large paw to tap above Darien’s knee. Despite the lack of extended claws, he was surprised when the touch was soft, exploring a tattooed stone wall revealed beneath the towel. The cat pulled back and shook its paw. “You’re a mess, young Darien.”
“You think I don’t know that?” He turned away to wrap the towel more securely and knot it, so both hands would be free. A mess, and now I’m talking to a cat. Of course, it’s talking back… Everything felt distant and odd. “That’s why I came here.” Despite it all, a huge yawn cracked his jaw.
“You should get some sleep,” Silas said. “This place is still a dump, outside of my own rooms, but I believe I can find you a bed that’s not too dusty.”
A little skittering sound sent a jolt of adrenaline through Darien. He grabbed his head, his heart pounding. No, it’s been quiet in here! Not now!
Silas said, “What’s wrong?”
Grim leaped across the room in three long bounds, pounced, and came up with a mouse in his jaws.
Darien’s legs gave out, and he barely managed to catch the tub rim and ease to the mat without falling. A real mouse. Not in my head.
Grim tossed the mouse in the air, caught it, and ate it. Sitting down, licking his chops, he eyed the two of them. “Nothing like a midnight snack.” The cat narrowed glowing green eyes at Silas. “The boy smells of your magic.”
“I calmed his ghosts,” Silas said.
Ghosts. Darien grabbed at the word. At least someone knew what the hell was going on.
“More than that. Older.” Grimalkin licked his paw thoroughly, then wiped his whiskers. “You should take a look.”
“In the morning…” Necromancer and cat exchanged a long, long stare, and it was Silas who looked away. “All right, now. But let me get him some clothes first.”
“I’m going hunting.” The cat headed for the door, tail tip twitching. “Call if you need me. This place is full of lovely tidbits.”
Silas held a hand down to Darien. “Come on, we’ll go to my room and find you something to wear.”
When Silas said, “Come on,” I always did. Darien took the offered hand and let Silas haul him to his feet.
The bedroom turned out to be just through the bathroom door. The big space held a long sofa with carved arms, a big canopied bed, and several dressers and chests. Silas gave Darien a push toward the sofa but he just stood by it, uncomfortably aware of how his wet underwear was soaking through the towel.
Silas dug in a drawer. “Here. These might work.” He handed Darien a pair of heavy, plaid pajama pants, thick socks, and a knit sweater. Then he crossed his arms and stood there.
Darien thought about asking him to turn around, but it wasn’t like there was much to see that hadn’t been on display in that bath. He dried himself roughly, squeezing the soaked ends of his hair, dropped the towel and underwear and tugged the clothes on, the cuffs bunching at his ankles and wrists.
“Better.” Silas sat on one end of the sofa and patted the other end. “Are you warm enough? Sit here.”
“I’m fine.” The heat in the room was better than he’d had the last two months. The sofa gave squishily under his butt. The back was invitingly padded. But a thread of caution kept him from leaning on it. Must stay alert. “Now what.”
“Now with your permission, I’m going to put my hands on you and try to figure out what Grim was talking about.”
To hide the not-unpleasant rush going through him at “put my hands on you” he said, “Necromancers ask permission?”
“Of the living.” That was Silas’s dry tone again.
“Okay. Go ahead.” He closed his eyes as Silas leaned close, then popped them open again because he needed to know what was happening.
“If you can look in my eyes, it might help.” Silas put one hand over Darien’s heart, and one on his head.
My hair’s probably still dirty. He hadn’t washed properly in that fast bath. But the thought scattered out of his mind as Silas stared at him from inches away. His eyes are that pretty gray, like Mom’s watered silk dress. This room is so warm. Is that snow on the window? He couldn’t seem to corral his thoughts. Silas’s eyes got wider and darker, staring into his.
The room was silent. Even the little ticking of snow on the window seemed to pause. He realized he was breathing in time with Silas, and tried to hold his breath in protest, but his chest rose and fell on its own. In his head, shadows moved, scuttling, like roaches running away from the light, but noiselessly, one-dimensional. He felt flat, insubstantial. Make it stop.
Then Silas gasped harshly and yanked his hands away.
“What?” Darien’s voice squeaked. He cleared his throat and tried for a more manly tone. “What did you see? What are those things? You said ghosts?”
Silas squinched his eyes shut and pressed the bridge of his nose. His mouth turned up in a grimace, as if something hurt, and his face had gone pale. He waved a hand as if to ask Darien to wait. Waiting sucks. But he nodded, even if Silas couldn’t see it, and watched as color slowly returned to Silas’s face. Silas drew one slow breath after another, as his expression gradually eased.
“Well?” No one had ever accused Darien of patience. “What did you see?”
Silas blinked his eyes and looked directly at Darien, his pupils still blown wide. “I’m so sorry. I think this was my fault. All the ghosts.”
“Your— you did this to me?” He waved at his tattoos, his heart racing. “What the hell?”
“I didn’t mean—”
“What did you do?”
“It was a spell—”
Darien bounced to his feet, finding a reserve of energy in his panic, his head throbbing like a drum till he could barely think. Folks didn’t mean to but they could still wreck your life. I thought I could trust him. He did this to me! He was out the door of the room almost before he realized he was running, socks skidding on the polished wood floor of the hall.
Which way? The hall extended in both directions, with what looked like staircases at both ends. He sprinted left in random choice.
Behind him, Silas shouted, “Darien! Stop!” but Silas was the man who’d filled his head with dead things that ate him, chewing away at bits of him, pushing him into corners in his own head.
He grabbed the post at the top of the railing and let his momentum swing him around and down the stairs in a stumbling run.
“Wait!”
The bottom was two steps away. Now which way? There was no obvious exterior door, just several ordinary ones. He jumped the last two steps and yelped as his feet hit something soft and uneven. A cat yowled, sharp daggers dug into his calf, and he was falling, off balance, and the floor came up and smacked him on the side of the head. Grim’s high voice said, “Numbskulled oaf! You could’ve killed me!” but the black that washed over him meant he didn’t have to care.

* * * * *

Chapter 4
Burning hells! Silas raced after Darien, hearing his footsteps clatter down the stairs ahead. Before Silas reached the top, he heard a crash and Grim howled. Silas charged down, grabbing the bottom newel post to stop himself from tripping over Darien’s huddled form at the foot of the steps.
He dropped to his knees, fumbling for a pulse under Darien’s jaw. No? Yes! There. The artery bounded in Darien’s throat more strongly than it had the last time they were like this, but his head lolled limply. Again. Damn the boy. Does he want to die on me?
Grim sat a foot away, his fur puffed on end. “Stupid fool almost squashed me flat.”
“Are you all right?”
“My reflexes are excellent. Thank you.”
Silas felt Darien’s head and neck. As if I know what I’m doing. There was no blood, and he was heartened by Darien starting to moan and stir. He put a hand on the boy’s thin back to pin him in place. “Don’t move. Does your neck hurt?”
“M’head.” Darien turned to the side and fumbled a hand to his temple. “Ouch.”
He seemed to be moving fine. Silas blew out a breath of relief, followed by a rush of anger. “What the hells were you thinking? You could have broken your damned neck.”
Darien struggled to roll further, and Silas lifted his hand enough to allow it. Darien’s russet eyes squinted at him, no doubt trying to look fierce and failing. He’s about as fierce as a collie puppy.
Darien snarled, “I was thinking I’d run fast and far from the guy who put demons in my head!”
That sobered Silas fast. “No, wait, I didn’t put them there. And they’re not demons.” I’m sure they’re not. He’d have done another quick warding, but the way Darien was scrabbling to sit up, he worried it might drive the boy to run again.
“You said you did!”
“I said it was my fault. Not my doing.” He was surprised to find that hurt. “What do you take me for?”
“A necromancer?” Darien managed to sit up, holding his head in both hands. “Explain.” His skin looked fish-belly white and he was leaning to one side.
“Let me take you upstairs first. That was quite a fall.”
“Don’t touch me!” The fury in Darien’s voice was clear, although he clutched his head harder. “Explain, or I’m out the door. Now.”
“In the snow, in your socks?” Silas held up a hand as Darien hissed like an angry cat. “Okay, all right. You sure you don’t want—”
Darien set a hand on the floor as if to push to his feet.
Grimalkin said, “Better make your confession, O Dreaded Master,” in a sarcastic tone.
Darien jolted and whipped his head around, like he’d forgotten Grim was there. His arm started to go out from under him. Silas grabbed his bicep and set him back upright, trying not to mind when Darien yanked his arm free like the touch burned him. He was such a sweet kid.
Regret tightened his throat at the reminder of the last day, when he saw twelve-year-old Darien with hair like crow feathers and a mobile face that couldn’t hide a single thought, and power shining in him already, brilliant under the surface. And what Silas had done— “Right.” Silas sat down too, hoping that looked less threatening. Maybe Grim can trip him again if he runs. Although Darien looked more likely to fall over than run anywhere.
Start with the basics. “How much do you know about magic? Practitioners?”
“What comes up in history and civics. There are a few people out there with minor magical abilities. They’re usually taught in apprenticeships… somehow.” A frown creased Darien’s forehead as he apparently realized how thin that sounded. “They’re regulated under the Common Powers Act, which says if an act is illegal to do with your body or a weapon, it’s illegal with a power. And if not, then not.” The frown deepened. “A bit more about historical persecution. Not much. A bit of a joke, really. Why is there so little? Why didn’t I realize how little there is?” Silas could practically see Darien’s curiosity struggling to emerge.
“A lot of practitioners work day and night to keep us seeming boring and ordinary and not worth the time.” That was a secret, but not a deep one, and the boy was about to go a lot farther into that world. Silas waved his hands. “Science is exciting. We’re sending rockets into space. Antibiotics work. Technology is big, big, big!” Then dropped his voice. “Powers are little and uninteresting, the punchline for jokes.”
“But they’re not. I mean, shit, look at me!” Darien held out his arms, the spirit marks dark up and down them.
“No.” Silas could hear his voice go cold. “They’re not.”
“Talk. Don’t stop.” Darien hugged his knees up against him.
“I’m not going to give you a history lesson. But most people with powers are detected mid-adolescence— fourteen, fifteen— when those powers emerge. Someone shows up— a teacher, coach, mentor, neighbor— to decide if they have enough power to need guidance and apprenticing.”
“Neighbor? Did you— were you supposed to guide me?”
“No!” Silas sucked a breath through his teeth. “That was a coincidence. Back when we lived next door, you were just a kid. It was only when I came home for my father’s funeral—” That I made a huge mistake.
“I remember. You were there just a couple of days and you were so sad.”
“I was—” Devastated. Not thinking straight. Fresh from gaining my full abilities at twenty-one, and arrogant and grieving and— No, there really were no excuses. “My mentor had just started a power transfer.” The less said about how, the better. “Then my father died. I was shaken, and there you were, the little kid from next door, with signs shimmering in you of power waiting to emerge.”
“So I am some kind of magic freak.”
“Watch your mouth, kid,” Silas snapped. The word freak didn’t get thrown at him much, now he had power and status, but he’d heard it enough when he was younger. “You had potential. Lots of it.”
“So why didn’t any of those coach types find me? I swear, no one even mentioned it.”
Silas sighed, and forced himself to say the words. “Because they couldn’t see it. Because I hid your powers.”
“You what?”
“I didn’t mean to. I only had two days home, and there you were, an appetizing snack for a demon, and my mentor was dying and I had to get back to him. I didn’t have time to do more.” I didn’t have the sense, or the understanding.
“Shit. Wait, unpack that. Demon snack?” Darien’s eyes went wide.
“Demons are, well, demons. A tale for another time. But one of the things they crave is human power, human energy. A youngster on the cusp of their powers, before they come under a mentor’s protection, is always at risk. A magnet for ghosts too, if they encounter one. So I put a ward on you, to hide what you were, figuring that would keep you safe until someone could come and take you in as an apprentice.”
“You call this safe?” Darien smacked the thickened boat tattoo on his arm.
“No, of course not. But it wasn’t supposed to last long. I sent word to the local Guild hall about you, to get someone out to look.”
“No one came!”
“I think they came and couldn’t see your talent, under my wards. They thought I was wrong.” He’d couched his message in qualified terms— I believe, in my opinion —so they wouldn’t think he was showing off, identifying a gifted twelve-year-old.
“So they thought I had no talent, and then…”
“And then you turned twenty-one, and my wards, protecting you till you were grown due to how I set them, decided their job was done. And there you were, suddenly unwarded, full of power, and…” And hungry things moved in. “A demon would’ve been worse. This is just ghosts.”
“Just? My head’s full of them!” Darien lashed out suddenly, a kick that hit Silas’s thigh and made him flinch. “You did this, you fix it! Now!”
Silas caught Darien’s ankle, and tried for a commanding voice. “Settle down.”
“Fuck you. Do you know what it’s like? For months, I’ve thought I was going crazy. I thought— They talk to me. They moan and cry and call for things and curse.” Darien pressed his head between his hands till his knuckles went white. “Get them out of me!”
“It’s not that simple.”
“But you can do it?”
“Yes.” But not without risk. He’d never tried to strip this many ghosts from one person. “With the right preparation and time and not all at once.”
“Oh.” Darien slumped, but he didn’t seem dispirited. “You said yes. You can. I— I’m not crazy. I don’t have to live with them forever.” He stared at his arm. “Someday these’ll just be tattoos.”
Silas said, “They’re spirit marks. Death marks. On someone with minimal power, they’d look like a smudge, a bruise. That clarity? That’s a sign of how much raw talent you have. But either way, they go when the ghost goes.”
“Go.” Darien’s lips curved weirdly and he giggled. “Begone, foul marks. Get you gone. Shoo. Scram. Beat it.” He smacked the boat tattoo and laughed again, and the end of the laugh twisted, wrenched from his throat, becoming a sob. He clapped his hands over his face, but couldn’t muffle the sounds he was making.
Silas started to reach for him, but pulled his hand back. This was all his fault. His pride and his ineptitude and even his strength, which had all came together at the worst possible moment. And then his carelessness, to have never followed up. He’d assumed the local Guildmaster had sent someone who’d taken young Darien under his wing and set him on his path. He’d patted himself on the back for protecting the kid from a demon, and expected to meet him as a fellow practitioner one day. And all that time…
Darien’s thin shoulders shook. Grimalkin stood up, gave Silas a narrow glare, and then paced over to sit down against Darien’s bowed back. His purr rose in a rumble.
Silas wished he could be comforting too, but he was terrible at things like that. Even when Darien had been small, Silas was quick with a first-aid kit, or a bicycle pump, or a repair of something broken, but not emotional stuff. Not that Darien had ever cried much, even as a little kid. And never like this. The sobs that shook him now resounded with a man’s deep, uncontrollable breaking open of some well of pain that Silas wished he could fix. A pain that Silas had caused. The awareness kept him frozen, sitting there pleating the fabric of his robe between his fingers, until Darien’s noises ebbed and stopped.
“Sorry.” Darien’s voice was hoarse, still behind his raised hands. “That was—”
“Natural,” Silas assured him. “I’m sure it’s been a horribly long five months.”
“And twelve days.” Darien sounded stronger. He dragged his hands down his face. “Not that I was counting. You really can get these things out of my head?”
“Really,” Silas promised recklessly. He’d find a way to pull all those spirits loose and leave Darien intact. He had to.
“When can we start?”
“Tomorrow. In the daylight.”
Grimalkin stood up and stretched. “After breakfast. And I expect some extra tuna for being stepped on by your oafish feet.”
“I am sorry,” Darien told him. “But I don’t have any tuna.”
“I do, and I doubt it was your fault,” Silas reassured him. He was going to point out that Grim had almost certainly gotten in his way on purpose, but a green-eyed glare from the cat made him swallow the words. “Anyhow, we all need sleep and then food, before we try anything difficult.” His head still ached from the power he’d spent that evening, coming when he’d already been drained to the bone.
He stood and extended a hand down to Darien. “Can you get up? Carefully. That was quite a knock on the head you took.”
Darien eyed his hand for several heartbeats before taking it. Silas closed his grip on Darien’s slim fingers and had a dizzying rush of déjà vu. Somewhere in time and space, he’d held, or would hold, those fingers just this way, his power seeking across the barrier of skin, echoed by something inside Darien—
“Um?” Darien stared at their clasped hands, where Silas was rather obviously not giving him a boost.
“Sorry. Had a thought. Up you come, then, slowly.” He hauled Darien up and caught his arm to steady him with a firm grip on one elbow, thin and bony through the sweater.
“I think I’m okay.” Darien twisted his arm free and took a couple of careful steps.
“Would you like some food while we’re downstairs?” Silas had never been a mother hen, but something about Darien made him want to offer care and cosseting. “Hot cocoa, maybe?”
“Sleep.” Darien rubbed his head, his eyes dark-circled and hazy. “I’m so tired.”
“Right then.” Silas moved close again and took his arm properly. “I’m going to hold onto you as we go up. You don’t have to like it, but between the slippery treads and those socks, you’ve no choice. I’ve had about enough of scraping you up off the floor tonight.”
“All right.” Darien turned for the stairs without resisting.
They managed pretty well, up the stairs, down the hall, and into Silas’s room. Silas steered Darien toward the bed, and pulled the covers back. “Here, lie down.”
“That’s your bed.”
“I’ll take the sofa.”
“I can’t kick you out of your bed.” Darien stared at him. “I’m shorter, anyway. The couch is fine.”
I want you in my bed, damn it. Silas pushed down the irrational answer, pinching his nose and wishing his head didn’t throb. He was stupidly off-balance tonight. “All right. Don’t blame me if you fall off that narrow thing and whack your head again.”
Surprisingly, Darien smiled. “The bed I’ve been using wasn’t much wider. And a lot harder. I’ll be fine.”
“Come on then.” Silas eased Darien onto the sofa. He grabbed a pillow and the top blanket from his bed and passed them over. At least he can use those. He added his quilt, spreading it out over Darien’s legs.
Darien blinked up at him. “You’re being too nice.”
I almost killed you. Then and now. “We’ll see if you say the same thing when I wake you in two hours.”
“Wake me?”
“You had head trauma. I have to check you every two hours, all night.”
“Ah, hell, not when I might fin’lly sleep.” Darien squeezed his eyes shut.
“Sorry.” Silas reached down to squeeze his shoulder, but turned the gesture into tugging the pillow straighter. “Rest now. I’ll be back later.”
“Where’re y’goin’?” Darien’s voice had already developed a tired slur.
“Just checking the doors. Go to sleep.”
“’kay.”
Silas moved to the doorway and stood there waiting until Darien’s breaths slowed and deepened. Poor guy must be exhausted. A sharp pain in his calf made him jolt but he managed to stay silent. Grimalkin sheathed his claws and glared up at him, with a jerk of his furry head. Silas stepped out, shut the door, and followed Grim down the stairs.
The cat turned left at the ground floor, leaped to swing off the door handle for the cellar, rode the door as it opened, and kept going down. Silas flicked on the light switch and took the steep steps behind him.
On the slate floor at the bottom, Silas’s chalk marks fanned out in a map of symbols and lines, shimmering with hidden intent. Grim picked his way carefully between the lines, tail high and rigid, not disturbing so much as a dust mote. When he reached the darkest node, he sat. Extending one furry paw, Grim patted the air above the node, then flinched and drew back. Silas made his way over and stared down too.
He was tired and his head throbbed. He didn’t want to pull more power tonight, to scry properly. “What do you think? Is it getting stronger?”
“Like bees dipped in acid. Black rot.” The cat shook his paw and set it down, then tucked his tail over his toes. “A blind man could see it.”
Silas wanted to say this wasn’t his problem. He’d warned the council demonic power was brewing. It was up to them to find it. He’d tried scrying for it, and slid off some well-crafted shields. He’d asked locally about the kind of pain and destruction demons fed on and heard nothing nearby. Yet.
But of course, that ignored two facts. The first, that demons didn’t stay put; they moved around tracking new prey, and this one was getting stronger, or nearer, or both. The second fact was that it quite literally was his business, as an ethical necromancer. Ghosts might be his bread and butter, but demons were the reason his master had given years, and in the end, his life, to setting Silas up in power. The light opposed the dark, because that was its nature. He’d committed to the light.
Committing to the fight didn’t guarantee he’d win it, though. “I can’t hunt it now. Not for a while. I’m stripped to the bone.” He’d burned through almost every reserve he had two days ago, forcing a demon out of a local police chief, and consigning it to its hell. “I need to recharge.”
“And you have a battery upstairs.” Grim raised an eyebrow, a truly odd expression on a cat’s face.
“I can’t—”
“You’ll have to. He wants those ghosts gone— needs them gone— and you need to eat. Question is, will you tell that tasty morsel in your bed that each ghost you send on its way will rip a piece out of him and feed it to you?”
Silas gritted his teeth. I owe him the truth. It’s going to look bad. “He’s not in my bed, he’s on the couch,” he temporized.
“For now.” Grim tilted his head. “Not that I care about human mating habits. But you’re juggling an atom bomb’s worth of power there, even if he has no idea. Don’t get your hand blown off.”
“Aw, you care.”
Grim sniffed. “I don’t want to have to train another sorcerer in the right way to mince my steak and set out my cream. Speaking of which, a midnight snack might be in order.”
“You wish. You can catch a fat mouse if you’re hungry.”
“And leave it in your bed, as an incentive?”
Silas snorted disdainfully, to hide a wave of amusement. “I suppose there might be a bit of cream left in the fridge.”
“Attaboy.” Grim trotted to the foot of the stairs, then looked back over his shoulder. “I don’t like the feel of this demon. Really don’t. You’d better get on with that boy in the morning.”
Silas followed him, and despite the throbbing in his head and the empty feel in his chest, he did push a little more power into the wards laid out on the floor. The lines grew a bit brighter, but the dark node only looked blacker by contrast.
By the time he climbed to his room, leaving a content Grim savoring his dish of cream, fatigue was dragging at his limbs. He went into the bathroom, prepared for bed, and paused by his couch on the way back.
Darien lay curled up tight, which put half his backside off the edge of the cushions. As Silas watched, he moaned and twisted, but didn’t wake. Silas set a fingertip on his neck and felt for the ghosts down inside. They were still controlled, sleeping. Of course, nightmares didn’t need ghosts to power them. It hadn’t been two hours, but he shook Darien’s shoulder.
“Wake up, kid. Open your eyes.”
Darien gasped and flailed, arms and legs flying. Silas had to catch Darien’s weight against his knees to keep him from hitting the floor, and a wild hand smacked his wrist painfully.
“Stop!” He pushed a little power into the word, to get through. “It’s me, Silas.”
He realized that might not be reassuring, but Darien froze, then relaxed inch by inch. “Sorry. You startled me.”
“I noticed.” No slurring, no confusion. Good. Silas set a hand under Darien’s armpit. “Still, up you come. My bed’s plenty big enough for us not to touch, and you’re going to land on the floor and worsen your concussion at this rate.”
He expected resistance, but Darien stood obediently and let himself be steered over to the side of the big bed. At the last moment he balked. “I can’t—”
“You can.” He would’ve volunteered to take the couch, but his body felt battered and worn, and dammit, he needed his soft bed. “Lie down. Go to sleep.”
Darien seemed dazed, hopefully from lack of sleep not a concussion. He didn’t argue further as Silas stripped the covers down for him, just climbed onto the sheets and set his head on the pillow. His hair was very black, against the white linens. Dark lashes fluttered closed, above the deep purple circles that ringed his eyes. His skin always had a touch of gold to it, but the color looked sallow and washed out. I should’ve fed him.
The morning would have to do. Silas went around to the other side, kicked off his slippers, shrugged out of the robe, and climbed in. The sheets had long since cooled, and he shivered and pulled the blankets up higher over them both. The electric heater under the window ticked and popped, and he hoped it wasn’t going to start throwing sparks. He was just too damned tired to worry about it.
But sleep eluded him. He was in that exhausted stage where his body ached with the need to let go, but his mind wanted to run in circles. It was odd having someone beside him in the bed. In all his thirty years, he’d never shared with anyone. His occasional sex partners had been fast and anonymous, a release of body tensions and nothing more. Necromancers couldn’t afford to trust strangers, and he had no intention of even suggesting his life was open to sharing. Men had come, and come, and gone.
This was just… weird. Despite his thinness, Darien’s body was like a hot water bottle under the sheets, a warmth unlooked for. Silas stopped himself twice from unconsciously gravitating towards it. Darien’s breathing was a living thing, in a space where there usually was silence. Silas rolled over, put his back to the young man in his damned bed, and tried to convince his muscles to relax and go to sleep, already. But it wasn’t until Grim jumped up, claws prickling Silas’s hip as he landed, and curled up between them purring and licking his whiskers, that Silas finally relaxed enough to drop off.

* * * * *

Chapter 5
Darien woke and jolted upright. He was in a bright room. The sun shining through the windows made his head throb like a strobe light. He slammed his eyes shut and tried to think. The bed beneath him was soft and the air was warm, the sheets under his hand were smooth, not coarse. There were no shouts or rumbles from outside to shake the quietness.
Something heavy landed on his ankles and he yelped and opened his eyes. A huge tabby tomcat stared at him. “Oh, there you are. I thought you were sleep-sitting. Come on. Bacon’s ready and I’m eyeing your share.”
“Bacon!” The clench of his empty stomach was strong enough it took a moment to realize he was talking with a cat. Another moment to remember. “Grimalkin. Silas!”
“Oh good, your brains didn’t leak out your ears after all. Come on.” The cat jumped down and headed for the door, the tip of his tail beckoning.
Darien slid cautiously over and set his feet— enclosed in thick socks— on a floor that didn’t feel like an iceberg. He stood cautiously. The pounding in his head had eased a little, but over the clamor of his empty stomach, other needs made themselves felt. “The bathroom?”
“That way.” The cat flicked his tail. “Don’t drown in the tub. His nibs would be most disappointed.” He vanished out into the hall.
Darien made his way stiffly to the connecting door, which— yeah— opened into a bathroom he vaguely remembered. He made use of the toilet, then turned to the sink to splash cool water on his face. When he looked up, the shadow of a bruise colored his temple. The tail of the tattoo on his neck caught his eye. He traced the line with his finger, still not seeing or feeling anything except a dark gray line of ink. Or whatever those fucking spirits actually put under my skin.
He chose not to think about that part. The voices in his head were still quiet, and even with the headache, he’d take this any day of the week. The tattoos were nothing. The screaming and cursing and crying… He pressed his palms to his eyes and reminded himself they were silenced, controlled. Silas can help.
He hurried out and toward the stairs, careful this time on the worn treads. It was cooler downstairs and the chill air made him shiver, but good smells beckoned. He squinted against the bright sun beaming in down here too, and set out. One false route led to a dusty parlor with shrouded chairs, but then he found the kitchen.
Silas was leaning back in a wooden chair, a mug at his elbow and a sheaf of the morning paper in his hands. Grim crouched on the table with a plate in front of him, and he barely spared a glance for Darien before going back to gnawing on a long strip of bacon. An empty place was set with silverware across from them. The small window above the sink blessedly did not look east, so the light didn’t pierce his head.
He hovered in the doorway. “Wouldn’t it be easier for a cat to eat bacon if you cut it into pieces?” came out of his mouth, in place of I have no clue what happens next.
Silas waved long white fingers without looking up. “He likes to kill his food. There’s more bacon on the stove, toast in the toaster, milk in the fridge, coffee in the pot. If you want tea, you’ll have to make it yourself.”
It was easier to slide into the room when neither of them seemed to care what he did. The cat growled over a mouthful and shortened his greasy meal by an inch. Silas turned a page. Darien realized the wonderful smells were making him dizzy. Or maybe that was the thump to the head. Either way, there was bacon which he hadn’t had in months, and his stomach clenched up into one big knot of want.
He filched a strip right from the pan and stuffed it in his mouth, taste buds flooded with salty, fatty goodness.
Grim sniffed. “And he complains about my table manners.”
Silas said, “He hasn’t put his feet up on the table yet, so I think he still wins.”
“Shrink him down to twenty pounds and we’ll see.” Grim set a paw on the end of the bacon and hauled off a chunk.
“There’s a plate by the toaster. Help yourself and come sit down.” Silas’s raised tone was clearly meant for Darien, though he still didn’t look over.
Darien grabbed four bacon strips, then added a fifth, both slices of toast, a scoop of dark-purple jam, and an apple from the bowl. He poured coffee to the brim of the big mug, eager for the caffeine hit, and carried his breakfast to the table. Neither cat nor necromancer looked up as he attacked the food.
Ten minutes later, his stomach was beginning to feel uncomfortably tight, but his headache had backed off a little. His eyes no longer felt like they wanted to cha-cha-cha right out of his head. He licked his fingers and nibbled a fragment of fruit left clinging to the apple core.
“There might be a horse out there somewhere, if you’re still hungry,” Grim said, running his pink tongue between his claws.
Darien managed not to blush. “I’m done, thanks.”
“Feeling better?” Silas asked.
“Yes. Much.”
“Head still hurts?”
“A little.” He didn’t want Silas to think he was too injured for whatever it would take to get those damned ghosts out of his head. “Not bad at all now.”
Silas nodded slowly, looking him over. Darien tried to sit up straighter and look ready, and not like he was leaning to one side or squinting. Ouch, maybe stick with the squinting. He narrowed his eyes and looked down at the dark floor.
“He should probably have some time to recover.” Darien flicked a look up to realize Silas was speaking to the cat.
Grim said, “I’ve a feeling time’s not something we’re well supplied with. You should eat.”
Darien looked at the grease-and-crumb-stained plate in front of Silas, and something cold and unpleasant slithered in his belly. “Eat?” Some of the whispers about necromancers pushed themselves to the front of his memories. They eat corpses, they kill you and then eat your soul— Everyone knew those were just stupid campfire stories about necromancers who really just did, well, exorcisms for money… Odd conflicts arose in his brain between what he knew somehow, and what he’d been told, and Silas saying Be still! in a voice he didn’t think he’d actually ever heard. Words rattled around like rocks in a can. He pressed his head between his hands and flinched at the pain his temple.
If he wanted to kill me, I’d be dead. He’s had a thousand chances. Somehow that didn’t settle all the snake-crawling in his gut. Neither did the glare Silas turned on Grim, before going back to looking Darien over like he was a bottle of milk that had gone off.
Silas sighed. “We need to talk. Come on into my work room.”
It took a second for Darien to stiffen his suddenly-reluctant knees and push away from the table. “Work” room. That’s not ominous or anything. Given what a necromancer does for work.
Silas led the way out of the kitchen. Grim stayed behind, jumping onto the windowsill to look up at the sky.
“Isn’t Grim coming?” Darien wasn’t sure why the sarcastic furball made him feel safer, but he did.
“Not for this.” Silas pushed open a door to reveal a wood-paneled room lined with book cases. Most of the shelves held a hodge-podge of volumes and a quarter-inch of dust, but there was one case behind a sturdy desk that seemed clean and well-used. The floor gleamed as if recently polished. Tall windows, or maybe French doors, were hung with blue curtains that filtered the light.
When Silas strode over to open the drapes, Darien said, “Don’t!” without thinking.
“Why not?” Silas paused with a hand on the cord.
“Light still bothers me. Just a little.” Or should I pretend to be worse off? Make him underestimate me? His head spun enough to make sitting on that polished floor seem like a great plan.
Silas was at his side in two strides. “What’s wrong? Are you dizzy? Do you want to lie down?”
That immediate concern was reassuring. No rancher ever asked his cows if they needed a nap. “Only for a second. Go on.”
Silas folded himself to sit cross-legged in front of Darien. His wool trousers pulled across thighs that were more muscled than Darien would’ve expected from his lean height, and the snug sweater and dress shirt he wore clung to a nicely flat stomach without sign of a spare tire— Jesus and all the saints, Dare, focus on the important things. Like whether he’s about to eat you— and not like that!
The odd hit of sexual awareness didn’t help Darien’s dizziness. It just made his groin throb in time with his head. It’d been six months since he’d got laid. He hadn’t dared risk it, with who knew what horrors in his head, and once there were more than a couple of voices, he’d had neither the energy nor the attention to even care.
Apparently, shutting up ravenous ghosts in his head was translated to sexy by his warped brain. He blinked hard and pressed his bruised temple. The flash of pain was very effective for refocusing. “Ouch. Damn it.”
“Maybe you should go back to bed.”
He straightened his back. “Maybe you should tell me what’s going on.”
Silas hesitated, then nodded. “All right. You know I’m a necromancer. That means I deal with ghosts.”
“Everyone knows that.” Darien regretted the quip when one dark eyebrow rose and the flow of information shut off. “Sorry, go on.”
“Most people don’t know we also deal with demons. That was why I tried to protect you.”
“Demons are real?” He’d still hoped those were just rumors, or metaphors. His college friend Lucy had been fascinated with the occult. Demons had been just one of the weird things she’d chattered on about, in between Cthulhu cults and elves. “Like, from hell, demons?”
“From other places we call hells. Very real. Very dangerous. Very hungry.”
“What’s with the hunger motif?”
Silas shrugged. “That’s nature. Fundamentally, everything needs to eat. Energy, life force, is one form of food. Ghosts are a piece of a person’s life force, broken off at death. The more violent and fearful and unexpected the death, the more likely a fragment is left behind, seeking revenge perhaps, or answers, or just in an incandescent rage at death coming down on them. Those pieces don’t have true life, they’re not the person, they’re just energy.”
“And that’s what I have in my head?”
“Yes. They soon lose their way and start seeking light and warmth and escape. People who carry that light, that power, inside them become targets. If they can, they move in.”
“And eat my light?” He didn’t like the sound of any of that.
“No. They cling to it, crave it, but they can’t use it. They’re stuck. And so is the host.”
“But you said I wasn’t stuck!” His head reverberated with his own raised voice but he couldn’t stop. “You said you could make them go away!”
“I can. That’s what necromancers do. But…” Silas stopped, gray eyes intent on his.
“But what? Jesus dancing Christ, I hate these weighty pauses. Say it.”
“When I pull a ghost from its host, the piece of host energy they hold onto comes with them. I send the ghost alone on to its rest.”
Darien had been good at math, once upon a time. “And you keep the energy?”
“Yes.”
“But the ghost is gone.”
“Yes. Across the Veil. And I’m left stronger.”
“By eating a bit of my… soul?”
Silas frowned. “There’s no proof it’s your soul. Or that you even have a soul.”
Darien’s childhood priest would’ve had a lot to say about that. Then again, his childhood priest had said that gay men should burn in hell, so he had no problem letting go of anything the old bastard had preached. “What do you call it?”
“Life force. Energy. Power.”
“How big of a problem is that?”
“Usually? Not big. I get the ghost out, and the host goes on living, one bite smaller. I can’t say if they even feel the lack. Most hosts have so little power that they never used it, and don’t know they’ve lost it.”
“Then do it!” Darien had a flash of standing on a frost-glazed railway track, shivering in his thin jacket, wondering if death would separate him from the ghosts, or trap him forever with them. If he’d been sure it would work, he might’ve— “I was willing to lose a hell of a lot more than a little life force to get the voices out of my head.”
“Except your life energy’s so crowded with ghosts that I can’t say what will be left when I remove them all.”
“Oh.” Well, yeah. His skin was so marked up he’d sometimes wondered what would happen when every free inch was gone. If his soul was equally smothered— “But I can’t live like this.” His voice shook, and pain reverberated between his temples. “I can’t. I don’t care. Whatever’s left, it’s got to be better than this.”
“All right.” Silas’s eyes looked uncertain but his voice was firm. “We could start with one. That’s routine. And then—”
“This one?” He shoved his arm with the boat tattoo at Silas. “Can you pick which one?”
“I— Yes. Was that the first?”
“No. The first was the bridge. And all that ghost did was cry for its mother. And I thought, well, I wanted to be an architect back then. So maybe I did get drunk and go out in a blackout and get a new tattoo. And my mother died when I was fifteen and though it was years ago, maybe the grief was something inside me.”
Silas touched his knee. “I’m sorry.”
“The boat was second. And that ghost—” He squeezed his eyes shut, remembering waking to the tattooed speedboat he’d never have put on his skin in his right mind, and the strange voice in his head ranting and cursing. “I thought I was going crazy. Or possessed. I went back and forth. Possessed was the less scary option.”
“You didn’t seek help?”
“Where? From my father’s priest, who thinks a gay man deserves to burn?” He stopped short, too late to catch the confession back. What if I’ve been misreading him? What if he’s an arcane version of a queer-basher?
Silas’s gaze remained steady. “As a necromancer and a man who enjoys other men, I’m not a fan of priests. They served a purpose once, but they’ve long since forgotten it.”
The rush of relief left Darien giddy. He snatched on the second part of that as distraction, so he wouldn’t do something stupid about the first. “Priests served a purpose?”
“A measure against demons.” Silas waved an elegant hand. “Now’s not the time for a history lesson. You didn’t see a doctor either? A psychiatrist?”
“I didn’t want to end up in the loony bin. For either the voices or the disordered sexuality.” He’d visited Aunt Sally in one as a kid, and come away with memories of hopelessness and smells and wailing cries that he’d never forgotten. “I thought I could ignore it. Go on with my life, while I researched for answers. But there was almost nothing in the libraries that wasn’t fiction or religion, and it got so bad— I couldn’t cope, couldn’t think.” Dropped out. Holed up where I couldn’t hurt anyone. Tried some drugs. Tried some herbs. Sold most of what I owned. Wished I was dead.
“It’s a measure of your strength, not weakness, that you survived this long.” Silas patted the floor. “Lie down. No, wait.” He pulled off his sweater and folded it neatly in both directions. “Here. Put your head on that.” He set the sweater down like a pillow.
Darien gave up any reservations he had and stretched out. The sweater under his cheek smelled faintly of Silas. Some deep part of his brain recognized it as safety and support, and uncoiled a fraction. The wood floor was hard against his shoulder and hip. His head throbbed.
“On your back. Here.” Silas tugged him over gently, and settled him back on the sweater. Those long fingers moved across Darien’s head, probing and pressing, almost stroking.
Despite the little waves of pain, it felt good. Friendly. How long since I’ve been touched by friendly hands? “Now what?”
“You close your eyes and try to relax. I’m going to chalk some marks around you.” Silas hesitated, then added, “Runes of protection. This house is warded, of course, but it’s wise to add protection when I’m working.”
“Of course.”
He thought he’d kept his tone even but Silas said dryly, “Fortunately you don’t have to believe me for this to work.”
“It’s not that I don’t want to believe. I’ve been living the crazy for months. But somehow…”
“It’s the universal concealment spell. Every time someone starts to think too much about magic, it makes it seem childish and unlikely. My house wards block the active spell, but it’s a hard habit to break.”
Darien rolled his head on the sweater-pillow to watch as Silas stood smoothly and went to the desk, pulling a deep purple bag out from a bottom drawer. He shook a piece of white chalk into his palm and came back to crouch at Darien’s feet, beginning to scrawl something on the polished floor. Darien’s heart rate picked up. The dry rasp of the chalk on wood was the only sound.
No magic wand? No chanting and black robes? He realized Silas was right. The belittling comments came easily to his tongue, but he held them back. He did ask, “Can I speak?”
Silas paused in his writing. “Not after I close the wards, but you won’t want to. Do you have questions?”
A thousand. “What am I supposed to do?”
“Just lie still. You’ll fall asleep soon. Most people don’t even remember the experience.”
I want to remember. The thought of being asleep while important things happened made him shiver. But he ran his hand over the rough skin on his arm where the boat lay and didn’t say so.
Silas continued writing, down Darien’s right side, around his feet, and back up the left. It seemed like nothing, the click and rasp almost inaudible, but something like warmth or pressure rose along his right arm. Imagination. Illusion. Silas seemed taller, his face darker and more remote, as he moved up past Darien’s shoulder. Then he pivoted, only his back visible, as he closed himself inside the line of writing with Darien. Better with me than if he was outside, right?
Darien knew when the wards were finished. There was a snap, like a spark from a doorknob in winter, and a whiff of something dry and smoky. The room beyond the chalk lines went hazy and indistinct. Darien lost sight of Silas as he settled somewhere above his head.
When do I fall asleep? He felt tired and dizzy and his head throbbed in time with his racing pulse, but that had been true before the wards closed.
Silas’s fingers touched his scalp, then one hand moved Darien’s fingers off the boat tattoo and pressed there. Darien felt his eyelids drooping heavily, and gave in, letting them close. If he can’t help me, I’m dead anyhow. What can it hurt to trust him?
He didn’t think he was sleeping. Heat rose slowly where Silas’s fingers touched his skin. A gentle warmth became a fierce flame. Still less painful than when I tried to burn the tattoo off. The heat spread, radiating deeper in him. His body felt enveloped with it, till the floor under him faded into the sensation.
He opened his eyes. He was standing somewhere almost dark, but things moved in the dimness. Flashes and wisps of neon orange, acid green, hazy white, drifted around him. He brushed at one that threatened to drape over his face and it prickled the skin of his hand like nettles. Off to the left he saw a glow of warmer color and he headed toward it, pushing through the dark soupy fog and dodging the floating lights. As he neared the bright-green glow, he could make out the clothed silhouette of a man, wearing the color like a liquid coating.
The man turned as he got close. Silas. His dream-self wasn’t surprised, but Silas clearly was. His head reared back and his eyes went wide. “Darien?”
“Yes?” It came out as a question, because he didn’t really feel like himself. “Where are we?”
“Halfway to the Otherplane. Between life and death. You shouldn’t be here.”
Darien tried to shrug. He wasn’t sure if his body moved the way he expected. He felt heavy and sluggish. “Not my choice.”
“I suppose not.” Silas reached out and closed his fingers on Darien’s wrist. The contact was the realest thing about the place. Darien saw the glow expand from Silas’s skin to cover his own too, and as it spread, it faded. Silas looked more normal, and the space around them lost some of its brilliant colors, muting into a muffling, dark fog. Silas pulled him a step forward at a time, and he lurched, tripping over something unseen underfoot.
Silas’s next tug pulled them out of the darkness onto the bank of a river. There were stars overhead in a purple-pink sky, but the water of the river danced far brighter than any available light. Wavelets rippled and broke, brilliant as if they reflected a midday sun. Silas jerked Darien to a stop and turned him with a hand on his shoulder.
The place they’d just emerged from was filled with a tree, the trunk wide and rough-barked in glowing gold and amber, branching around head level into a thick mass of limbs and leaves. Throughout the branches and all up and down the trunk, creatures— things— crawled and clung. Their shapes seemed to change as they moved, and the gold of the tree flowed in thin threads and wispy traces over and through them.
“What’s that?” Darien whispered.
“That’s you,” Silas said in a normal tone.
“I’m not a goddamned tree.” He didn’t want to mention the things.
“Is that what you see? Never mind. That’s your energy, your life force, and those— do you see the ghosts all over it?”
“Is that… them?” He moved closer to Silas unconsciously. “They don’t look human.”
“They’re not. I told you, they’re just remnants. And they probably look different to you than to me. But that’s what we’re dealing with.”
“You can find the right one? And remove it?” They all looked similar to him, some bigger, some smaller. As he stared, he began to see human features— an eye, a hand, forming and disappearing. No cat, no boat, no bridge.
“Trust me,” Silas said. He moved his grip on Darien’s arm up to where the boat tattoo was… should have been.
Darien stared down at himself, aware for the first time that the bright glow lit unblemished skin. No tattoos. It made his body feel alien, even though he’d dreamed for months of having them gone.
Silas tugged him forward, and reached out to the tree with his free hand. Darien followed as well as he could, though something seemed to be pressing him back. It was as if he and the tree were opposite magnets, repelling each other. He leaned into the repulsion and planted his feet. Silas ran his hand over the surface of the tree trunk and muttered something that made no sense to Darien’s ears. The creatures in the branches slowed their movements and started to come lower, gliding down the trunk.
Darien flinched the first time one of the ghosts flowed over Silas’s fingers. In that instant, it seemed as if hand and creature and tree merged into a roiling mass of dark and light, but then the ghost moved on, and Silas’s hand looked the same. More ghosts slithered down the trunk, tree-gold glittering on their skins, and gathered around, as if sniffing or tasting Silas. Some moved on away, while others approached.
Suddenly, Silas grabbed a ghost that was flowing over his fingers and yanked.
It hurt! Darien choked back a cry, and locked his knees against falling, his arm on fire. Silas flicked a look at him, but didn’t stop pulling. The dark ghost-creature writhed between his fingers, a strand of tree-gold pulling with it like taffy. The ghost howled in a tone so familiar that Darien wanted to cheer despite the pain. I know you. Get out of me!
He leaned back now, letting the repulsion of the tree help him, not sure if this was useful to Silas or not, but unable to stop. Come on, you bastard, let go. Let go!
With a pop that felt like a pressure change in his eardrums, the taffy-stretch of gold snapped in the middle. Half of it leaped back to the tree, the other half recoiled into the ghost, now a struggling gray and gold mass in Silas’s hand. The pain eased immediately.
Silas let go of Darien and carried the thing to the bank of the river. There he knelt and plunged his hand holding the ghost into the bright water. The ghost howled and cursed, clinging to Silas’s wrist, but as the water washed over it, its struggles slowed. The gold strands and patches on its surface began to pool together and wind their way up Silas’s arm, leaving the creature more and more gray. Silas pressed the thing deeper into the water, then all the way under the surface. Darien could only tell something was there from the bunching of Silas’s muscles, and the continued flow of gold up his forearm.
Suddenly Silas jolted and almost fell forward into the river. He yanked his hand free, stretching empty fingers. The ghost-darkness was gone. The last strands of gold swirled across Silas’s palm but quickly faded into his skin and vanished.
Darien swayed dizzily, and turned to look back at the tree. There was no notch in the bark, no broken or drooping limb. As far as he could tell, other than the pain and how tired he was, there was no harm done. “What about the rest?” he asked. “Can’t you get them too?” His lips and tongue felt thick and slow, but the swarming shapes all over the tree made his stomach heave. “That wasn’t bad at all. Please?”
Silas came to him and gripped his elbow. “Not now. Let’s see how you are on the other side of the Veil, before we do anything rash.”
“But—” He couldn’t take his eyes off the dark swarm.
“Come along. You shouldn’t spend too long here. It’s not your place.” Silas tugged him around the tree, towards that clingy dark.
He felt a deep reluctance to go. “I could sleep here. Then you could do some more.”
“You could not sleep here,” Silas snapped. “Don’t even think about it. Quick now.”
His thoughts were too disorganized to come up with a better argument. Silas pulled him forward and the tree faded and vanished. The thick, floaty fog closed around him again, but this time there was a firm grip on his elbow, and he could disengage his mind and just follow the pull. Follow Silas’s emphatic stride. Follow…
He thought he saw a light, a dim image of a book-lined room and a figure on the floor, but he was dizzy and it faded to black. He woke with a shudder, lying on his back on something hard, and found himself staring up into Silas’s steel-gray eyes.
“Are you all right?” They said it together, then both chuckled.
Silas added, “That’s what I do, week in and week out. But the host never joins me in the removal. You were supposed to sleep through it.”
“Did I make it harder?” Darien asked. If I’d stayed out of things, could you have removed more than one?
“No. Easier than usual, if anything, although the symbology got interesting. It’s usually nothing that elaborate.” Silas tilted his head, then sat back on his heels. “When this is over, the local guild will have to figure out what your actual talent is.”
“I’m not meant to be a necromancer?” He wasn’t sure if he was relieved or disappointed.
“No. Necromancer energy has a different quality, very attractive to ghosts but hard for them to hold onto. I’m not sure what you are.”
Darien pushed up to sitting, and his head rewarded him with a vicious throb. He didn’t make a sound, but Silas seemed to know.
“Aspirin and more sleep, that’s what you need.” Silas bounced to his feet nimbly, his eyes bright. “Come on, let’s get you up to bed.”
Darien held a hand up to him, then froze as his sleeve fell back past his elbow, baring his arm. The knife tattoo was still there, and the tree, but where the boat had been was a patch of unmarked skin. Not unblemished. The thick scars still ridged it, turning its color to mottled purple and red and white, but that was all.
“It’s gone.” He rubbed at the spot, as if he might feel the absence of ink. It didn’t hurt, but then, it hadn’t hurt the first time it appeared. His scars pulled and slid, but no ink was visible.
Silas squeezed his wrist, stopping him as he began clawing at it. “What did you do, to hurt it so much?”
A knife. And then an iron. The remembered smell of cooking flesh filled his nose, and he retched. “Tried to burn it off.”
“I’m sorry.” Silas’s thumb stroked over the abused skin gently.
Sixteen more to go. No. He remembered the new cat on his neck. Still seventeen. But he said, “Thank you,” and meant it more than he’d meant anything in his whole life.

* * * * *

Chapter 6
Silas was in his study, reading a new book on demonology, when his doorbell rang. He got up reluctantly to answer it. He felt better than he had in two days, with the sweet warmth of Darien’s energy humming inside him. His head no longer ached, and he thought he could pull off a casting or two without falling over. Still, that didn’t mean he wanted to go cleanse some home of a poltergeist that was often just their imagination anyway.
The small, slim woman standing on his doorstep was a welcome surprise. “Anya! What brings you here?” He swung the door wide and touched the door ward with a fingertip to soothe it and allow a friend to enter.
Anya stepped in briskly, pulling the scarf off her cornrowed braids and stamping snow off her boots. “I heard you have a guest in need of my services. At any cost.”
“At any—?” He frowned. Heard how? And who said I’d empty the coffers for Darien? His eyes lit on Grimalkin, sitting in a sunbeam licking his shoulder nonchalantly. “Grim?”
The cat straightened and smirked. “Telephones are a wonderful invention. Hanging yours on the wall just made it an interesting challenge.”
“You called Anya? Why?” A sudden anxiety hit him. “Is Darien worse?” Grim had promised to watch the boy while Silas worked. “You didn’t call for me?”
Grim jumped in front of him, blocking his dash for the stairs. “He’s not worse. But he’s not well.”
“Enough to need a healer?”
Grim’s green eyes went dark, black as night from corner to corner. “I had a Foresight.”
“Oh.” Damn. Every familiar had a gift, and that was Grim’s— flashes of the future he would rarely describe, but which led to advice Silas had learned to trust. “Just about Darien?”
“Not sure. It felt bigger. Something’s coming, and if he was this weak, it was all going bad.”
A small brown furry face poked up from the pocket of Anya’s coat, and squeaked, “Still talking in riddles, cat?”
Grimalkin hissed, but the weasel chittered a laugh, and scampered up to sit on Anya’s shoulder.
“Time’s wasting,” Anya said. “Where’s my patient?”
Her time was expensive and she was already here. And Darien had looked pretty rough by the time Silas got him settled back in bed. He mentally kissed a chunk of his savings goodbye. There were worse things he could’ve spent them on. And Darien’s situation really was his fault. It was probably karma. “Upstairs. This way.”
He let her into the bedroom without knocking. Darien was still fast asleep, looking small on the big bed. The room was dim with the curtains closed, but Anya made her way directly to the bedside and waved an imperious hand until Silas pulled up the chair for her. She loosened her coat and sat, laying a finger on Darien’s bare wrist.
Darien’s eyelids fluttered but he didn’t wake.
“Head trauma?” She wrapped her hand around Darien’s sallow skin. “Pretty boy. Did you hit him?”
“No!”
Her chuckle said too late that she’d been pulling his leg. Then her eyes closed and her head tipped back. The weasel ran down her arm to put a small pink paw on Darian’s wrist beside her fingers, and tilted its nose up. For a moment the two looked like bizarre mirror images, then the weasel sniffed and jumped to the covers where it sat cleaning its whiskers.
Anya remained still, except for her fingers opening and closing rhythmically on Darien’s arm. Silas’s Othersight showed a stream of silver-blue flowing from Anya to sink into Darien’s skin and vanish. A few minutes later, Anya let go and sat back. “Are you going to do something about this boy’s passengers, Silas Thornwood?”
“Yes, of course,” he said. “As best I can. I’m not sure what pulling all of them free will do to him.” He pushed images of his screaming, empty wallet away and said, “Would you be willing to support him when I do it?” He wasn’t sure what good the healer could do when he was ripping parts of Darien’s life force out, but it couldn’t hurt.
She hesitated. “Yes. I’ll even give you a price break because someone needs to take care of that poor soul. Do you know what happened? Did he run from his mentor?”
Some of the ghost-possessed were youngsters who took off out of their mentor’s protection, so it was a reasonable question. “No, he was never mentored.” At her grunt of surprise, he said, “It’s a long story. When would you be available?”
“Shall we say in three days? That will give him a little healing time, and I can check my library for specific spells to use in support. I’ve never seen anyone so invaded.”
“Three days should be fine. Thank you.”
He offered a hand as she rose from the chair but she gave him a scornful look. The weasel leaped from the bed to her shoulder and smirked at him, before winding through the braids at her neck and settling in like a fur stole.
“Let the young man rest as much as he’s willing for another day.” She headed out of the room briskly, and he had to hurry to keep up. “Feed him up. Red meat, and fresh vegetables. He’s half-starved on top of the blow to the head.”
“I will.”
She trotted down the stairs. “He should do well after that. There was some bruising and bleeding in his brain, but it cleaned up nicely. Don’t whack him on the head again, no matter how annoying he may be. Remember you were probably just as bad at that age.”
“He’s not my apprentice,” Silas said. His master had been fond of a quick backhand as a way to focus Silas’s attention, and he’d sworn he’d never treat anyone that way.
Grim, lurking unseen around a corner said, “And a good thing too.”
“Huh?” He frowned at the cat who strolled into view.
Anya knelt to extend a hand to Grimalkin. “You were right. He needed a boost.”
Grim touched his forehead to her fingertip. “Your help is appreciated, Healer.”
Silas almost boggled at the sight of the cat being polite, but hurried to add, “Yes. Thanks for coming. What do I owe you?”
“Let’s wait to settle up,” she said. “When you clear out that young man, you should have something better to offer me than money.”
Healers were always hungry for energy, even more than for money, but needed to come by it honestly. Well, a dozen ghosts should provide enough. “I think that can be arranged.”
“I’m off, then.” She pulled the scarf out of her pocket and wrapped it around her ears. “Bitter cold out there today. Seems like every winter’s colder than the one before.” She pointed a finger at him. “And don’t you dare say it’s because I’m getting older.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it, mistress.” In fact, her dark eyes were as bright and her umber skin as smooth as a woman half her age. He opened the door for her and gave her a respectful nod as she passed.
When the door closed behind her, he refreshed the door wards, enjoying the easy flow of power under his skin. He’d hated being tapped out.
He should go tend to his work, but he couldn’t resist going up to check on Darien. The boy appeared asleep, but when he would’ve drawn back, Darien said, “Three days?” without opening his eyes.
“You heard that?” Healers usually sent their patient to sleep while treating them.
“Yes. Who was she?”
“Someone who can help.” The existence of Healers was a well-kept secret. If their talents became known, they’d be a target for every secret government and army and petty despot and criminal leader out there. Even within the community, they weren’t spoken of lightly. He went to the bed. “How do you feel? How’s your head?”
“It doesn’t hurt.” Darien opened his eyes, looking wide with wonder. “Nothing hurts! It’s lovely, like floating in marshmallows. I’d forgotten.” He smiled, then giggled, almost drunkenly. “I feel so gooood.”
How long has it been since he had no pain? Ghosts couldn’t cause harm directly, but those ridged scars on Darien’s arm showed how much they could do indirectly. Silas sat on the edge of the bed and set a hand on Darien’s leg. “I’m glad.”
Darien’s gaze dropped to Silas’s hand. Despite layers of blanket, sheet, and pajama pants between them, Silas swore he could feel the warmth of Darien’s skin under his touch. His thigh there, and his hip, and beyond— Trying to be nonchalant, Silas tweaked the covers straighter, then folded his hands in his lap. That covered a multitude of sins, from the stiffening of his misguided dick to the slight tremor in his fingers.
Darien pushed himself up to sitting, his eyes fixed on Silas. That was nothing which should’ve made Silas’s mouth go dry, but he swallowed hard.
“What will we do with those three days?” Darien mused, brushing his hair off his forehead with a languid hand. It was definitely not chance that his hand traced its way down his chest and under the covers afterward. Darien licked his full lips, and tilted his head.
Silas stood in a rush, and backed up two steps. He wasn’t so desperate he could be seduced by a pretty mouth and a moment of heat. “I was told to feed you.”
He realized that wasn’t the best evasion when Darien smiled crookedly. “I could get onboard with that. I’ve been told I… eat… very well.”
“We can’t,” Silas snapped, to cover how much he suddenly wanted to. Strip that lean body down, get my hands on him, slide between those lips—
“Why not?” Darien raised his eyebrows, then touched his forehead. “Hey, that doesn’t hurt either!” After a second of probing at his head, he focused back on Silas. “Anyway, why not? I’m gay. You ‘enjoy other men.’ Unless you have a lover tucked away somewhere, why not? It’s been way too fucking long since I had energy for fucking. Carpe diem, as my coach used to say. Though not in this context. He was straight as a board.”
I don’t do casual sex hovered on Silas’s lips. But it was a total lie, and anyway, the problem was that Darien already didn’t feel casual. “You’re too young for me.”
“Seriously? You’re going with that?” Darien eased out of bed and stalked over to him. “My first lover was fifteen years older than me. I learned a lot.” He glanced down at Silas’s trousers. “Someone doesn’t seem to think I’m too young.”
Silas, torn between arousal and irritation, intercepted Darien’s hand before it could touch his zipper. “I don’t let my dick make my decisions.” He held Darien’s wrist firmly, and stared into his brown eyes until Darien looked away and broke free.
“All right. But you don’t know what you’re missing.” Darien backed up a step, a crooked smile plastered on his face. “I’m just going in there—” He pointed at the bathroom. “—and taking care of business.”
“Right. Do that. Um, let me know if you want some lunch, afterward. I mean, whenever you’re ready.”
Darien disappeared behind the door and Silas blew out a short breath. He couldn’t tell if the tremor of Darien’s thin shoulders had meant the little bastard had been laughing at him or unhappy.
Too damned young. Keep your hands to yourself, Thornwood.
Turning abruptly, he strode out, heading for his study.

* * * * *

Chapter 7
By late afternoon, Darien was thoroughly bored.
He’d eventually found his suitcase in the entry closet, though it took an offhand hint from Grim of “Not far from where you left it” and a bit of logic. Dragging it upstairs, he’d rummaged through for something better to wear. No wonder Silas thinks I’m too young, when I’m dressed in plaid pants that bunch up around the ankles. I probably look like I’m twelve. Sadly, all of his own stuff smelled strongly of a small room, a smaller sink, and too much apathy to wash. He’d found one pair of wearable underwear, scrubbed his other clothes in the sink and hung them on the shower-rod to dry. The stains didn’t come out, but at least they were no longer disgusting. But he had to stick with the plaid. For now.
Lunch had been eaten in the kitchen at the same table, with a loaf of fresh bread and ham and cheese. When he’d praised the bread Silas had said, “Thank you” which was unexpected. The necromancer housewife. So many things about Silas were unexpected. Not in a bad way, though. Yet.
He’d spent the afternoon exploring the house. Silas had given permission with a wave of “Just stay out of the cellars, and don’t go outside.” The mansion was crazy, full of passages and turns, narrow stairs and dormers and turrets. It was ridiculously big for one person, and Silas clearly thought so too, because other than the bedroom suite, kitchen, and study, the rooms were nearly empty and coated with dust.
Eventually Darien got tired of tattered curtains, rugs so old he couldn’t tell what color they’d been, and echoing, creaky spaces. He went to the window of the room he was in and leaned on the sill. Outside, the sky was beginning to color with the first hint of sunset. The windowpanes were grimy, but clear enough to show the gardens below. The snow on the ground had melted to patches of white and brown, between the scraggly lines of cedar hedge— Is that a maze?
A flock of crows seemed to have found something in there. They wheeled and banked out of the sky, wings black against the deepening sunset glow. It hit him that something might get lost in a maze, unable to escape. A dog or cat, maybe, though a cat could surely climb its way out. Or a fawn, perhaps, or a small child. Crows were nasty, aggressive birds, prone to pick on anything weaker. I should go see what they found.
There was a spiral stair at the end of the hall that he’d glanced down. It was on the outside wall. There might be a door.
Carefully, his now-filthy socks silent on the treads, he circled down toward the ground floor. At the bottom, a narrow landing opened in toward the house, but there was an arched wooden door in the outer wall too. Hah, I thought so. Servants’ entrance, maybe. A house this big must’ve had a dozen servants, back in the day.
It was locked with a heavy bolt, and when he slid that back and tried the handle, the door opened. Darien leaned on it, looking out. His breath puffed in white clouds against the cold air and he shivered. But the maze was out there, its cedar hedges getting darker as the sun dropped lower. Above it, the crows still swirled in numbers, diving, their cawing cruel and harsh in the stillness.
They’re attacking something. He knew good sense meant he should go back and ask Silas for some boots and a coat. Maybe a shotgun too, if he had to ward off the crows to save… whatever it was. But urgency beat inside his head. He was a long way from the occupied rooms at the front of the house, and he wasn’t sure he knew an easy way to get back there. By the time he geared up and came back they might’ve plucked out the victim’s eyes.
I’m going to feel stupid if they’re going after a dead skunk or a pile of garbage. He couldn’t fight his certainty that time was of the essence.
His socks were filthy anyway, and he felt great after whatever the woman had done that morning. A quick peek couldn’t hurt. Then it’d be faster to run around outside the house to the front than work his way back through the confusing halls. He pulled the door wider, wrapped his arms around himself, and stepped out onto the frozen ground.
Clang! Something rang like a gong. He couldn’t tell if he was hearing it with his ears or his head, or maybe his body as his very bones seemed to vibrate with it. He took two steps toward the maze, determined not to let it scare him, and then froze as a man strolled out of the trellised entrance.
The stranger was tall and lean and young, with sharp cheekbones, thin lips topped with a mustache, and fair hair worn sleek and long. He walked easily toward Darien in high leather boots, a cloak flowing from his shoulders. It was the kind of look Darien would’ve teased his housemates for back in college, but on this guy the drama looked natural. Real.
Overhead the crows whirled and banked, and then dropped to flutter above the man’s head. One landed on the man’s shoulder, not so much as breaking his stride, and Darien realized he might’ve made a bad mistake.
Oh shit! Darien scuttled backward, feeling for the doorway, unable to take his eyes off the man striding toward him.
“Stop.” The man’s tone was conversational, but Darien’s body froze obediently.
Shit! No! Silas! He tried to move a foot, or even a hand, but he was stuck like a waxwork, as the man approached.
Even up close, the man looked ordinary. Handsome, yeah, the kind of guy Darien would’ve taken to bed without stopping to think twice. Not supernatural, not threatening. But when the man held out his hand, Darien’s own rose to meet it, no matter how hard he tried to turn and run.
Cool fingers closed around his wrist. “Oh, how kind,” the man said, voice rasping oddly. “He’s sent me a snack.”
From the ground behind Darien’s knee, twenty pounds of striped tomcat leaped and fastened sharp teeth into the stranger’s wrist. The man screamed and jerked back. For an instant, Darien was free of both grip and command. He whirled and sprinted back in the door.
As he shoved on it to slam it shut, Grim said, “Too late. Run! This way.”
The swing of the door thudded into the man behind them as Darien put his head down and raced after Grim down the dusty hallway. The man shouted, “Stop” but for whatever reason, the command didn’t take hold. Darien skidded round a corner after Grim’s raised tail. Footsteps echoed close behind him. A crow flew past Darien, feathers brushing his neck. It stooped onto Grim, claws out, only to be batted aside and slammed into a wall. Grim leaped to a door handle, swung it open, and ran on.
Charging past the huddled crow, Darien saw its dark eyes blinking as its wings twitched. Not dead.
They hit a familiar part of the house and passed the kitchen. There was no sign of Silas. Grim opened a new door to a set of stairs leading downward. “Incoming!” Grim called out as he bolted downward. Then sharply, “Don’t step on the lines.”
That made more sense as they hit the bottom of the stairs and Darien saw the intricate network of designs patterned across the slate. At the far side Silas stood with a hand raised, his hair moving as if in some invisible breeze. He called, “Come here. Fast as you can but carefully.”
The stranger’s feet thudded on the first stairs above them. Darien yelped and leaped forward, eyes on his footing. There, there, gap, watch the line! He took a long stride and two short ones, and then Silas’s hand closed on his arm where the man’s had been and pulled him close.
Silas didn’t spare him a glance though, just shoved him down and back. “Get behind me.”
Darien did as he was told, aware he’d screwed up badly. He made sure the space he was pushed into had no lines to worry about, then turned to watch the man in the cloak slow down and take the last few stairs at a deliberate pace, a crow perched on his shoulder. When the man reached the bottom, the chalk lines on the floor flared a brilliant green.
The man stopped. A faint smile crossed his face, and when he spoke it was a lighter tone, without the rasp. “What a pretty color, Silas.”
“Ah hells.” Silas looked the man up and down. “Crosby. And passenger.”
“Now be polite,” the man or creature who was apparently Crosby said, the shiver-inducing rasp back in his voice. “You know who’s steering this ship.”
“I do.” Silas’s chin jerked up. “Crosby was a miserable son of a bitch, but I wouldn’t have wished you on him. I can be polite, though. What’s your name?”
Crosby laughed, tone climbing high. “I wasn’t born yesterday. Crosby will do.”
“And what do you want?”
“The usual.” Crosby took a small step forward although he still didn’t cross the glowing lines. The inhuman echoes faded from his voice. “How about a truce? You and me, we’re reasonable beings. Live and let live, right? Give me the man cowering behind your knees and I’ll be out of your hair. There’s enough power in him to last me a long time. I’d give you my word.”
“I’m not that stupid,” Silas said. “You’d be back, sooner or later. And even before that, you’d be out there, raising Cain.”
“You do realize you’re trapped?” Crosby waved at the lines on the floor. “That’s very impressive, in its own small way, but how long can you go without food or water, hiding behind your own runes? Three days? A week? Give me the tasty ghost-mount and I’ll swear to leave for… two weeks. No, a month. Can’t say fairer than that. Better than starving together, isn’t it?”
Grim yowled from his post by Silas’s knee, a rising undulation that Darien was pretty certain was a string of cat insults.
Crosby’s face darkened in response. The crow on his shoulder hissed and said, “The flea-bag’s mine.”
“Shh, Morra.” Crosby glanced toward the bird. “All in good time.”
“Bet you taste like chicken,” Grim muttered at the crow.
Crosby sighed in fake-resignation. “I’d hate to have to set fire to this house with you trapped in there. It’s a great old building—”
Silas muttered a word, gestured, and the green flames of his wards ran out to the walls, and around the doorway at the top of the stairs, barring it. “You want to burn alive too? Give it a try.”
Crosby cursed, a screech of high resonances.
Demon. Or ghost? Darien’s ghosts had never taken on a life of their own. There’s something else in there. I let a demon in Silas’s house.
The crow took off, flying at the doorway only to sheer off at the last moment with a shrieked curse. It landed on the floor beside Crosby, shaking out its wings. A coal of red burned in its beady dark eyes.
Crosby glared, brows pulled down, the frown wrinkles in his smooth skin adding years to his age. “You think you can beat me head on? You have developed an ego, haven’t you?” He sounded human again.
“You were always the one with the ego. What did the demon offer you? Eternal youth? Women and boys at your feet? Did you find a gray hair and sell your soul in a panic?”
To Darien’s surprise, the unearthly voice laughed. “Oh my, you did know Crosby, didn’t you? It was almost like that. He was easy.”
Silas jerked his chin up. “But I’m not.” He said another word. Green flames rose up in a ring around Crosby, closing in toward him.
Crosby cursed and the crow jumped to his shoulder. White lightning crackled out from his fingertips and met the green, setting off sparks wherever they touched.
Silas went still as stone. Darien expected some reaction, but as seconds dragged on, nothing changed. He realized Crosby was standing still too, eyes focused out on nothing. Occasionally a finger twitched, or his eyes narrowed, but nothing more. The crow on his shoulder was equally still.
Darien looked back at Grim. Even the cat stood like a statue, beyond an incessant twitching of the tip of his tail.
They’ve gone somewhere else.
He remembered the ghost removal, on the banks of the shining river. He’d bet his last dime that they were in a place like that now. And he was left behind, like a lump, safe behind green flames. Unless Silas loses. Any bets on how safe you’ll be then?
Glancing around, he searched for a weapon. If I had a knife I could throw it at Crosby. Or maybe I can go over and hit him on the head while he’s elsewhere. But the space around him was empty of anything bigger than a set of chalks, laid out on the slate floor. He’d have winged one at the crow, just to see what happened, but what if it was one Silas needed later? Or what if throwing it through the green broke the spell?
Darien bent closer to the lines on the floor, wondering if he could retrace the path he’d come in by and punch Crosby right in the perfect snoot. The flickering flames, rising and falling, didn’t reveal any safe path forward.
Don’t be an idiot. He was pretty sure his crossing through the doorway to the garden had let Crosby into the house. He wasn’t stupid enough to break Silas’s spells twice.
What can I do? Stand here like baggage waiting to be claimed? He fucking hated that option.
Find my way in there? He tried to remember what Silas had done to bring him into that otherworld before. Touched him, muttered some words. He had no clue how to do a spell. Reaching out, he let his hand hover over Silas’s wrist. But what if I distract him?
A loud snap and crackle marked a flash of white fire from Crosby slicing deeper through the green toward them. Silas shuddered as if struck.
Dammit! What do I do?
Suddenly Grim launched himself up from the floor, knocking Darien into Silas. “Help him!”
Darien caught himself on Silas’s strong shoulders. “I don’t know how!”
“Touch his skin, ignoramus. Go deep.” Grim crouched and froze again, glittering eyes gone distant.
Go deep. That made no sense but touching skin he could do. He slid behind Silas, where he’d do the least harm, and stared at the bare stretch of Silas’s neck. At the last second, instead of fingers, he stood on his toes and pressed his lips there.
Fire slammed into him. The world was gone in a wash of light and heat. His eyes watered and he clung to Silas’s tall body, as waves of flame washed over him. Then just as suddenly the inferno was gone.
He found himself in a twilit space, pressed up against Silas who stared out into the darkness, a neon green whip in either hand.
Silas gasped, “Darien?” To Darien’s shock, Silas turned his head and kissed him, hard and hot and wet and so swift he had no time to react before he was shoved back with a sharp elbow. “Down!” Silas lashed out with one of the whips. There was an explosion of dark feathers, black against the navy sky, and the bird veered off with a harsh cry.
At their feet, Grim said, “Incoming. Five o’clock.”
Darien backed up a step, running a shaking hand across his lips. He half expected to vanish back home when he lost touch with Silas, but nothing changed. Silas’s whipcrack over their heads brought down another bird in a fluttering heap and Grim jumped on it, breaking its neck in a single snap. The body convulsed and vanished.
A crack of lightning struck from the sky far above, actinic white and jagged. Silas caught it in a desperate whip-flick, channeling it down the green lash and into the ground. The whip dimmed for an instant, then steadied. Silas’s breathing went harsh, then steadied too.
Darien knelt beside Grim and whispered, “What can I do? How do I help?”
“He needs power. Those ghosts you carry. They can feed him.”
With bits of me! But another lightning strike rebounded off Silas’s lash and hit the ground a dozen feet away, sending a spray of smoky pebbles their direction. “Okay. Sure.” He eyed Silas. “How? Can he take time to—”
“No.” Silas’s tone was rough. “I don’t have time or leisure to feed. After I win, I’ll replenish from them. Thank you.”
“After you win.” Grim coughed. “Need to do a bit more than defend to win, boss.”
“I’m wearing him down.” Silas moved both whips to one hand and gestured. A spear of green fire lanced across the space and spattered against something. The light as it dripped and faded revealed Crosby standing on a boulder, perhaps a hundred yards away, one crow on his head. He looked at ease, unworried. He raised a hand and white lightning struck again though it missed them by a few feet.
“Ya missed,” Silas called. “Crosby always was a lightweight.”
A sizzling cluster of bolts struck at them, one after the other. Silas deflected them all, but his shoulders were slumped as the last one faded. The crow laughed mockingly.
Darien felt a pinprick in his ankle and looked down.
“Come on,” Grim whispered. “This way.” The cat eased backward, away from Silas and Crosby, into the thick soupy twilight.
Darien desperately didn’t want to leave Silas alone, there on the strange battlefield. But he was waaaay out of his depth, and Silas trusted Grim. He followed, staying crouched low.
Behind them, he heard Crosby laughing, sounding human. “You’re losing your allies, dead fool. They know the end is near.”
He’d have turned back but Grim snagged his pant leg and hissed.
Following Grim, he was soon lost in the darkness. Wherever they were, there was enough light to see rocky bare ground, and the heaps of boulders and small bushes. But line of sight was short, like in a pea-soup fog. The lightning and whip strikes became ambient flashes of white and green, without direction.
Then a glitter of light rose ahead of them, flickering, dancing. He recognized the river as they approached it. Turning around, he searched for the tree of light, and the crawling ghosts, but there was nothing but him, Grim, and the river.
“What now?” he murmured. “Why are we here?”
“The ghosts. You have to free some, get the energy to Silas.”
“How? I have no clue what I’m doing!” He hated the plaintive wail that came out as. Hated more the way the white flashes of light seemed brighter than the green now. “Tell me!”
“The energy is in you. The ghosts are in you.” Grim stomped his paws on the dirt. “I saw this. I don’t know how you do it. Just make it fast. He needs you.” The cat’s head suddenly came up, ears flattened, and he leaped off into the dark. A moment later a fighting howl rose in the distance.
Fuck! Darien repeated it aloud. “Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
Rubbing his hand across his mouth, he reached toward the glittering water. A faint green glow, smeared across his fingers, caught his eye. Green?
He repeated the rub on his mouth, with his palm this time. The color of Silas’s magic coated his skin. The kiss! He’d thought— well, it didn’t matter. No way Silas would’ve kissed him in the middle of a battle just because they were friends. It’s a spell, dummy. The question was how to use it.
The ghosts are in me. They have to come out. He licked his fingers, coating each one with the trace of green, and pushed up his sleeve to expose the knife tattoo. That was an old one, a quiet one. It looked no different here on the banks of this unholy— or perhaps holy, who the fuck knew— river of light. He touched the tattoo, tracing its outline, and his fingertips sank half an inch into his arm.
With a shout he yanked his hand away. The tattoo sat there on his skin, but now a faint nimbus of green surrounded it and something moved, dark and shapeless, beneath it. His stomach heaved, watching that motion, in my fucking arm. He forced the nausea down. I knew they were in there. Surely it’s better to see it than have it there invisible.
No, it actually wasn’t. But he told himself the lie, as he set his hand over the area again. This time when his fingers sank in, he pushed deeper, curling them, curving his grip around that squirming, formless darkness, until his hand was locked around it. In my arm.
He froze like that, fingers set in his own flesh, green and black and ink trailing from each end of his fist. Pull it out. Don’t! What if it takes my skin with it? What if this time the bit I lose is my fucking arm? Or my mind?
A shout in the distance, Silas’s voice raised in surprise and pain, gave him the courage to grit his teeth and yank. The mess came out slowly, black and green mingling now with gold, taffy slow. It hurt— Shit, it hurts!— but he told himself, not as bad as that steam iron. Not as bad as the knife peeling his skin. He pulled harder and the thing came free, black and gold swirling in his grip. The skin left behind was unblemished, pale tan, hairy, like nothing happened. Relief left him lightheaded.
Now what? The river glittered at his feet. Mimicking what Silas had done, he submerged his fist in the water. The silver liquid tugged at his hand, slipping between his fingers in weirdly living, slimy ways. Then with a yank, something came loose. The black swirled away, down the river and his hand slid free of the surface, the gold held within it.
Darien laughed. He wanted to dance. I did it. I can bring this to Silas. Boo yah, take that old demon, old buddy.
He stood, the fragment of gold sitting in his palm. It looked small, less substance than a big marble. Overhead a huge flash of white dimmed its shine for an instant. Darien looked at the hammer tattoo on the other side of his arm. I could do one more. Or I could bring him this one, and then come back.
A far-off caw of a crow was met with Grim’s howl.
Can I find my way back without Grim? If he can’t be spared?
A bright lash of green lit the dimness, showing that Silas wasn’t to be counted out yet. One more, before I go back. Maybe two.
He set the golden fragment down on a flat rock, eyeing it carefully. When it showed no sign of flowing away or rolling off, he licked his hand green again and went after the hammer. He was prepared this time. The sight of his glowing fingers sinking through his skin still made him queasy, the pain as he pulled up still made him gasp, eyes watering, but the fear was gone. He washed that one off his hand in the river, and laid its gleaming fragment next to the first. The two specks of gold rolled together and merged into a globe that would’ve matched the biggest agate marble he’d ever played with.
Still small, though. I have the hang of it now.
He tugged his sweater off over his head, and found the clawmarks on his shoulder. He’d be glad to be done with those. That ghost had given him such a fear of dark places he’d been unable to go outside at night for weeks. Digging his fingers in was satisfying, hauling the spirit from his flesh, drowning it in the river— take that, you coward.
He added the energy to his little ball, seeing it swell to egg yolk size.
Why not more? Why not all of them? He was giddy with the possibility. I can get rid of the lot. Help Silas, win this damned battle, and be alone in my head. Win-win-win-win-win.
He dug at the side of his neck, grunting at the scrape of his nails on skin. The spell, idiot. Licking his fingers did the trick. The green didn’t seem to be lessening. He dragged the cat off himself, dark ghost squirming between his fingers, and washed the energy clean.
More.
Each one seemed easier, faster. He stripped off his pants too, baring his legs. Each tattoo was a memory of darkness, of fear and pain and confusion and the panic-stricken certainty that he was slowly going insane. Off me! Out damned spot! He dug and yanked and washed and added to his gift for Silas. The glowing ball of energy grew in size. Baseball now, almost softball.
His breath came harder. He wiped sweat off his upper lip, and blinked as more dripped into his eyes. Fine shivers ran over his skin, but he couldn’t tell if he was hot or cold.
He held the next wriggling ghost mass in the river and almost tipped face first into the water. Careful. I bet you can’t breathe that stuff. For some reason the idea struck him as hilarious. Giggles shook him and he almost let go of both ghost and gold energy fragment. Might not be smart, to send a part of myself down the death river. That sobered him enough to finish the job.
Pressing the energy into the growing ball felt meditative. He turned the golden sphere in his hands, kneading it like bread dough. A flash of white overhead broke the mood and he jumped. More? He couldn’t remember what he’d done by now, but inspection of his arms and legs found no ink for the first time in months, first time since that crazy morning.
Shorts. Be certain. He pulled down his underwear and spotted the last mark, a rope coiling across his left butt cheek. Lick. Raising his hand to his mouth was harder than it should have been. He tasted dirt and sweat on his fingers, and wandered in the flavors until sounds in the distance reminded him time was important.
Grab, yank, lean forward, oops, don’t fall. He washed the handful back and forth in the water. The tug was becoming familiar, like a childhood friend pulling on his hand. “Come on, Darry, let’s go swing.” He swooshed the ghost mass around. It wriggled like a kitten he was holding too tightly and he had to grit his teeth not to open his fingers.
Then suddenly it was gone and he fell back on his heels, his hand flying out of the water. Carefully, every movement needing conscious planning, he added the last scrap to his softball of energy.
Done. Now? Now get that thing to Silas. He wasn’t sure he could stand. His head seemed a long way off his body, and the only part he could really feel was the hand with the energy in it. But he could crawl, even with just one arm, so he began making his way over the stones away from the river, the energy ball clutched to his chest.
He wasn’t sure which way to go. The fog around him diffused both green and white to splashes of color. The white was brighter and more frequent now, the green more of a steady glow. He swung his head side to side, trying to decide where the green shone brightest. That way.
What had been a fast dash with Grim became a gritty slog on hand and knees. At least the ball of energy lit his way, so he could keep to the smoother ground. As he topped a small rise, he saw Silas and Grim ahead.
They stood on another lower rise, shielded by a dome of green light. Darien couldn’t see the whips. Silas had his hands up, palms toward the dome over their heads. Every few seconds a lash of white lightning hit the dome, drawing sparks before fading out. The lightning seemed thinner and less brilliant than he remembered, but it was never returned by a green whip-crack. Either Silas was saving his strength, letting Crosby wear himself out… Or he has no strength left.
Darien tucked his globe deeper underneath him. The last thing he wanted was for Crosby to spot him first. Staying low to the ground, he crept forward.
Eventually he had to stop. The lightning strikes were making a splash zone around the dome, brilliant and deadly-looking. At this close range, he could see the way Silas’s shoulders huddled and shook with each strike. Grim leaned against Silas’s leg, tail wound up around his knee. If he was hissing, it couldn’t be heard past the sizzle and crack of the white blows.
Darien whispered, “Hey. Hey Grim. Silas.” He didn’t dare speak up, just crouched there repeating it over and over till he saw Grim flick an ear, then turn his head. The cat’s green eyes glowed.
Grim shifted his weight away from Silas and called loudly, “Hey, Crosbitch. What kind of demon fooled you into trading all your power for a mud facial and pretty eyebrows? A baby one-syllable demon-wimp? Maybe a two? Do you love the life he’s got you living now, torturing babies and playing perching stand to mangy crows?”
Crosby’s human laugh came across loudly “He helps me. I have everything I want.” The laugh rose shriller, as if going to inhuman registers, and his voice changed. The demon said, “You’re not going to get through to the conscience of a man who had none to begin with.”
A caw of “Mangy cat piss” followed it.
Silas said, “I should’ve put you down years ago, Crosby, like the rabid dog you were. If anyone was going to invite a demon to roost, I should’ve known it would be you.”
White light glittered, as the tall figure of Crosby strode toward them. A shimmer of power outlined him and the crow riding on his shoulder. Ten yards from Silas’s dome, he stopped. “Fool.” Crosby folded his arms on his chest. “You never could take me. Not when you were a little snot-nosed corpse-stealer, and not now.”
Silas’s return smile was crooked. “I don’t remember you calling me snot-nosed, back in the day. Pretty-mouthed, wasn’t that what you said?”
“How dare you! I’m no pervert.” Lightning crackled down Crosby’s arms and churned across the ground to the edge of Silas’s dome.
“No? Well, I am.” Silas tilted his head.
“I knew it! Filthy pervert, smiling at men, turning their thoughts against them― Shut up!” Oddly that didn’t seem to be aimed at Silas, but at the crow, or maybe the demon. “It’s my turn.”
“Did your thoughts go somewhere you didn’t want them to?” Silas asked. “I turned you down, remember? You tried for me, with your smooth hands and your hot breath and I shoved you away.”
“Thought you were too good for me.” Crosby came a step closer, arms uncrossed to raise his hands, his fingers working. “I could’ve strangled you back then. Had what I wanted and denounced you. You were nothing.” He jerked his chin at the crow. “Shut up!”
“I bet you’ve thought about it, all these years,” Silas said silkily. “Thought about all the women who said yes, and the man who said no. What would it have been like, if you’d kept those hands around my neck? What could you have had? Did it make you hot, remembering?”
Crosby lashed out with a bolt of lightning so thick it left a fat streak of purple afterimage across Darien’s vision. “I’ll have you now!”
“Not like this.” Silas had rocked with the blow, but his dome held. “Keep this up and either you run out of strength and I get you, or my dome fails and you turn me to cinders in a flash. And then you’ll never know what it’s like to force me to my knees.”
A frown crossed Crosby’s perfect features, sallow in the green and violet light. He raised his hands and a shield of white formed between them. The crow on his shoulder croaked, “You have the fools trapped. Keep striking.” But Crosby ignored it to cross the last yards of ground and push his shield against the green of Silas’s dome.
“Ah. Now that might do it.” Silas gestured and the dome thickened against that shield, while thinning behind him. “Who’s stronger, do you think? The man with the ageless face, or the maverick who said no, all those years ago?” The strain was obvious in his voice, as Crosby forced the dome’s perimeter inward, but he kept talking. “You think you can take me down? Destroy my defenses? Grab my hair and force me to kneel at your feet?”
Crosby grunted, pushing hard, toes digging into the dirt. The crow wobbled on his shoulder, wings half-spread, and cawed, “Don’t be a fool. Listen to your betters.” But Crosby’s face was turning red, his teeth clenched. He didn’t back off his drive with the shield.
More and more of Silas’s energy was sucked around the dome, to balance the press against it. The part nearest Darien thinned, wisped into the faintest haze of green. Darien got his feet under him, set to launch. How will I know when? What if I break the dome, hitting it? Crosby’s shield smashing in onto Silas would be a disaster.
The dome shivered as Silas staggered back a step. Its light faded, except where it stayed braced against Crosby’s. And Grim took one small step back, till his hind paw breached where the back wall had been. His tail quirked, beckoning.
Darien sprinted, the golden ball outstretched between his hands. He wasn’t sure how to hand it over, what to say. His body felt so numb all he could do was focus on his feet hitting the ground.
The Crosby demon screeched, a sound climbing to the stratosphere, but its light was held in the folds of Silas’s dome as Darien crashed past the boundary and into Silas. He didn’t have time to hand Silas the ball, as the glowing orb and his green-tinged hands passed into Silas’s back, through shirt and skin like knives through butter, planting the ball of energy deep inside Silas’s chest.
Darien was thrown back hard, landing ass-first in the dirt. His hands tingled with pin-pricks like electric shocks, and he shook them, staring at his fingers to be sure he still had everything. A feathered mass smashed into his jaw and he ducked, narrowly avoiding a beak slice across his cheekbone. He got a face full of fur as Grim leaped, intercepting the crow and taking it to the ground.
A bright flash pulled his attention up. Silas and Crosby were still grappling. Crosby held the white shield in front of him with both hands, but Silas’s magic was wrapped around it now. The acid green was thick and vibrant, curling around the edges of the shield, compressing it. Slowly, slowly, the diameter of the white brilliance shrank, to a hula hoop, a porthole, a dinner plate.
Crosby let go and leaped back. As he turned to run, a whip of green snaked out from the edge of Silas’s magic and coiled around Crosby’s knees, bringing him to the ground. The white disc vanished, and Silas’s lash became a nest of tentacles, whirling in loops around every inch of Crosby. The tip of one plunged into Crosby’s open mouth, gagging him.
Darien whooped, though his voice was so thin and raw that probably no one else heard him. He realized he’d toppled over, and his cheek lay pressed to the dirt, but that was all right. That was okay. He hadn’t killed Silas with his stupidity at the house. I did it right.
Silas stalked over to the captive sorcerer. Or demon, or both. Hopefully both. Crosby struggled against the bonds, his eyes bulging, but he seemed well immobilized. Silas squatted by his head. “Time for this to end. I’m going to send you where you belong.” He dodged, as the demon snorted at him, a glob of snot sizzling on the stone. “Do I have to plug your nose too?”
Grim paced past Darien toward Silas, dragging a headless crow by one wing to deposit it at his feet. “Best finish it, your wizardliness. You can’t save the man. Let him go.” He turned his head and spat out a feather. “Tastes like raw chicken. Fegh.”
Silas frowned at Grim. “Crosby was a friend, once.”
“He became an enemy, long before now. Let him go.”
Silas sighed. Without looking at Crosby, he waved a hand. A tendril separated off the others, wound around Crosby’s neck, and yanked. The man stiffened, then went limp and still.
“Is he dead?” Darien asked hollowly. Did Silas just kill him?
“Yes.” Silas sat on the ground. The coils of green still wound around the corpse glowed with power.
“Are we done?”
Grim said, “Sadly not.”
The corpse’s mouth opened wider than humanly possible and the demon’s voice said around the muffling tentacle, “Now was that necessary? You killed my ride.”
Silas’s tentacle tip withdrew, letting the mouth fall to more human proportions, but the other bonds closed tighter, pulsing.
“Let’s make a deal.” The demon voice didn’t seem to need the mouth to move. “I can do so much for you, if you let me. Wealth, followers, spells, power.”
“Piss off,” Grim muttered, when Silas remained silent.
“You don’t even have to let me in,” the demon cajoled. “Give me the boy. He’s full of holes anyway. You can bind me to you, and I’ll make your wildest dreams come true. And you get that boy’s body as a bonus, yours to own and fuck. Imagine what we could do.”
A hot tide of rage gave Darien the strength to say, “Hey, if he wants to fuck me, he can. No need for your slimy ass.”
“Shh,” Silas said to him. “There’s nothing he can offer me that I want.”
“What about a longer lifespan?” The corpse’s eyes fluttered. “If not for you, then the boy. You necromancers live long, and he’s set to go early. I could―” Its voice shut off as a huge tentacle stuffed its mouth beyond full.
Silas stood, and Grim trotted to his side. Pacing together, they circled the demon, three times round, counterclockwise. A thin trail of green rose behind them, growing thicker with each pass. As they ended the third pass, all the loops of green around the corpse snapped back to the perimeter, reinforcing the wall. The corpse rolled over and stood, head lolling.
It raised its hands to hold its head straighter. “You don’t want to do this.”
“I most certainly do.” Silas raised his hands.
“Don’t you want to know how to save the boy? Send me back and you lose him.”
Fear tugged at Darien’s chest, but it was distant enough to ignore. He said, “Worth it to see you rot in hell.”
The corpse’s eyes glowed red. “I won’t rot there. I gain power there.”
Silas suddenly sounded exhausted. “In a thousand and one years, you’ll be someone else’s problem.” He looked over his shoulder at Darien, his expression unreadable. “Even if he’s telling the truth, I can’t bargain with a demon. I’m sorry.”
“Did I ask you to?” Darien found he could move his fingers enough to give the demon a fitting salute. “Banish his ass.”
For a long, breathless moment, Silas stared at him. If he was waiting for something, Darien had no idea what. He closed his eyes on the sight of Silas’s tall, lean form, outlined by green brilliance, and didn’t open them again when the chanting began.

* * * * *

Chapter 8
Silas held onto the rune-structure he’d called around the demon with all his will and both hands. Somewhere behind him was Darien, who’d given everything he had— and maybe more— to power this spell. Silas ached to have one second, one instant, to turn and make sure Darien was all right, but banishing a demon was like trying to hold onto a greased pig, if the pig was on fire and could kill you. If he slacked off for a millisecond, they’d all be dead.
The demon pushed at the spell surrounding it, probing with little tendrils and heavier blasts of power, looking for a weak spot. For now, it was still animating Crosby’s corpse. Its balefire gleaming behind a man’s dead eyes made Silas shudder but he kept control of his runes.
It’s trapped. Open the hellgate.
He reached inside his containment spell and tweaked the runes that would thin the barrier. A necromancer’s true power lay there, in the walls between worlds. He pushed more energy into his Gate, feeling the strain drag through his muscles and speed his breathing. The barrier thinned, stretched, then popped like a soap-bubble tearing wide across the containment wall to wall. A rush of dark energy came through, spattering up against Silas’s walls.
The demon shed Crosby’s body like a snake’s skin to stand clothed in flame. “You fool. You’ve made me stronger.”
There was no way to avoid that. He could only hope his barriers held. He raised one hand, visualized the rune-structure in his mind and began closing his fingers. Slowly, inch by inch, the walls around the demon closed in.
The demon threw a blast of energy that slammed into the barrier on all sides. The spell was built to withstand that. Silas’s fingers and arm ached, but he closed down tighter. A second lightning-bolt scorched a single spot, trying to burn though. The heat seared his ring finger, but he ignored it. Close up. Smaller. By my will, I command it.
The walls narrowed until the demon could put out both hands and touch them. Now Silas could feel it in his palm, the squirming, wriggling, pressing fight as the demon struggled to test his grip.
“I will not be constrained!” the demon shouted. “I am Azimothandurin!” A vast rippling wave of force hit the barrier around it, each syllable a harder blow.
Silas staggered, barely holding on, stunned by the number of syllables, a measure of the demon’s power. But it’s desperate enough to conjure by its name, and let me hear it. He forced his hand tighter. “By your name, Azimothandurin, I banish you.” He wove the name into the runes in his head. His fingers moved an inch closer together.
“You can’t.” The demon’s arms were pressed close to its sides now, the walls closing in on it.
Its body blocked the gap, so the fear of another demon using the breach to escape was eased. If they ever learned to cooperate, mankind would be doomed, but luckily it wasn’t in their nature. Silas closed his pinky and the containment rose up around the demon’s knees, forcing its feet back. “By the power freely given me, I banish you.”
“Wealth, life, a thousand slaves,” it bargained. “There’s a plague coming only I can cure. All your loved ones will die, if you don’t have my help.”
“You lie like a snake.” He managed a quirk of his thumb, and the demon had to duck its head down. The glowing green combined with the demon’s flame to cast a lurid glow on its shifting, changing features.
The demon suddenly metamorphosed. Darien’s face looked out of the hellfire at Silas, panting for air, panic in every line. “I’m dying, Silas,” it gasped. “Save me.”
Silas gritted his teeth and gave a harder squeeze. I hope banishment hurts like being burned alive, you bastard.
Its face shifted again, a weird blend of features. “He really is dying. By the time you’re done with me, he’ll be gone.”
Silas’s flinch gave the demon headroom back and it shoved upward. He gritted his teeth, reclosed his hand, and didn’t look behind him. Can’t. Don’t. “Damn you to your hell. For a thousand and one years, I banish you!” Anger and fear and the last rising dregs of his power let him slam his fist shut. His nails jabbed into his palm. The rift inside his rune-structure narrowed, shortened, forcing the demon back.
More. Harder. He tightened his grip and pushed everything he had into those walls. The gap narrowed to a slit, a hole, a pinprick— and was gone. The recoil sent him flying, his hip and shoulder hitting the ground, pain flaring in his head.
That recoil was enough to know it was done. He didn’t even glance back at his collapsed Gate as he scrambled toward Darien. He didn’t stand, couldn’t run, just shoved himself across the ground and grabbed Darien’s shoulders.
Darien raised his lolling head and grinned, his eyes still shut. “That felt like a bomb going off. Is it gone?”
“You felt it? Yes. Banished.”
Darien blinked and stared up at him, pupils blown wide till his eyes looked almost black. “Hell yeah.” He pushed himself up more, and the motion pressed his chest against Silas’s.
Insanity was the only explanation for why Silas grabbed him in a tight hug and kissed him, desperately, like a man in the desert finding water. An instant later his brain caught up with his mouth, and he jerked back. “Sorry!”
“Don’t be.”
When he tried to arch further away, he was stopped by Darien’s fingers knotted in his hair. Darien pulled Silas’s head down again and he gave in. Darien’s lips parted, warm and soft under his own. The kiss was water; hells, it was air. Darien’s tongue touched his and some closed place deep inside him opened, in a rush of warmth.
Grim’s dry tones interrupted them. “As touching as this is, we’d better be getting back while we still can.”
Silas broke the kiss, his thumb drawing a caress along Darien’s lower lip. “We— what? Yes, of course.”
Idiot. The longer they stayed here, on the other side of the Veil, the more effort it was to get back. This had been his longest battle yet, and the one he’d come closest to losing. His head pounded like a drum, now that he took notice of it. He felt parched and dusty, echoing and hollow as a dry well. Wonderful as Darien’s kisses were, they didn’t fill that void or get them closer to home.
He sat up straighter and helped Darien steady himself. “Are you all right? Can you stand?”
“Maybe? Gimme a minute.”
Silas raised his hands and called a ball of light between his palms. It flickered and sputtered, like a bulb about to go dark. That’s not good. He dug deep for his last reserves to steady it, tipping it into one palm. The dark fog around them parted, off to the right. “That way.” He bent and boosted Darien up with his free hand. “Come on, we shouldn’t linger.”
They leaned on each other and trudged forward. Silas wasn’t sure who was keeping whom standing, but Darien’s living body under his arm, at his side, was a comfort as they moved into the fog. Usually this part was easy, the way between worlds like a well-lit street for him. Now it felt like being dumped onto gloom-shrouded British moors, where absolutely nothing was familiar and his sense of direction was muffled in smothering murk that closed in mere feet from his light. Smells, sounds— he strained for the normal cues calling him home, but nothing seemed to get past the soggy slowness of his thoughts.
Grim at their feet muttered, “Going home the long way, are we?”
Silas snarled. “Aargh. If you can do better, you lead.” He moderated his tone with an effort. “Seriously, if you can lead us, do it.”
“Not my gift.” Grim butted Silas’s knee with a head that felt big as a battering ram. “I get visions, like your boy there tearing ghosts out of his arm. You get the paths between worlds.”
I wish I did. The green globe in his palm sputtered feebly. He felt a faint pull and angled toward it, glad of any sense of direction. The pull grew stronger, then the mists lifted and ahead of him the glittering River stretched out, glints of light reflecting from the little waves streaming by.
“Oh, that’s not good,” Grim said.
No kidding. He stared at the River in dismay.
“Why not?” Darien asked. “Can’t you find your way home from here? We’ve been here before, at least.”
“That’s the problem,” Silas admitted. “We’re going in circles. The River has a pull of its own. It coaxes people. Usually the pull of home is equally strong for a necromancer, and we can easily choose, but I’m not sensing home now.”
He let the ball of power on his palm flicker out to conserve every drop, since they didn’t need the light. If he hadn’t had Darien holding onto him, he might’ve sat down there on the Riverbank and— Grimalkin butted him again, harder, and he staggered.
Darien said, “When I was washing the ghosts loose, I heard something, someone calling me. A friend from when I was a kid. I hear him now. Is that the River?”
“Could be.” He tightened his grip around Darien to keep him from following. “Don’t listen to it.”
“Now what?” Darien’s upturned face looked old and weary in the flickering silver light. “Can you get more power somewhere? Is that what you need?”
“Yes. I think I burned myself out a bit. Maybe just a rest.” The idea called to him seductively, although it was dangerous to relax on these banks.
Grim said, “Don’t be stupid. If you stay here too long, you both die. I don’t want to break in a new sorcerer.”
“Well, if you have a suggestion, let’s hear it.”
Darien asked, “Do ghosts come to the River on their own? Can you trap them somehow? Eat them?”
“The River’s full of them, but by the time they reach here, there’s no power left in them.”
“So what you need is the stuff they cling to? From inside a person?”
Silas licked his dry lips, glancing around the barren landscape. “Or, back in the real world, free ghosts carry a scrap of the energy from the person they once were. I can use that too. But here?” He ran his eyes over every rock and hollow and rise, but saw no sparkle, no sign of power except Darien’s heartglow, and the River, and it was death to take from that water. “Maybe if some other necromancer wanders down here.” Before it’s too late.
He didn’t realize how hard he was squeezing Darien until the boy grunted and pulled free. “And Grim can’t share power with you?”
Grim dragged a paw through the loose dirt at their feet. “I share excellent advice. Foresight. Spellcasting. But not power.”
“And what about me?” Darien turned to face him. “You said I was full of power. You used all the bits the ghosts dragged out of me. Why not one more?”
“You’re already ragged with losses,” Silas protested. “I don’t know how you’ll be affected when we get back to the real world—”
“If we get back,” Darien interrupted. “Or am I wrong about how fucked we are right now?”
It was Grim who said, “You’re not wrong.”
“Then do it.” Darien held out an arm, bare of spirit marks, his pale-gold skin vulnerable in the flickering Riverlight. “Take some.”
“I can’t.” I don’t want to either. But if it would save Darien’s life, he would’ve. Except… “You’re not trained in the runes of power exchange, and taking power from the living isn’t my talent. I could kill you and then eat your ghost’s power, but I don’t know how to take a bite from what you hold and not take it all. Not without a ghost latched onto it to control the exchange.”
Grim said, “If anyone’s wondering, I’m not volunteering for the ghost part of this process.”
“Hush, cat.” Silas reached out to touch Darien’s cheek, running a finger down sandpaper rough skin to the tender curve of his lips. “I’m afraid to try.” The only thing worse than dying trapped with Darien here, would be getting home safe on the boost from his death. He kept all his power coiled deep inside him, as he touched Darien’s chin, his throat. “Let me rest for a bit and I’ll try to find home again. Grim, can you keep a time check? Don’t let me sleep too long.”
“I don’t like it one bit,” Grim muttered.
Darien caught Silas’s hand in his, and turned his cheek into Silas’s palm. “I have faith in you.” He nipped Silas’s thumb. “Maybe you need incentive.”
I can’t imagine incentive better than saving your life. But he didn’t pull his hand away as Darien added a little lick to the bite. Darien kissed his palm, then said, “Oh!” in an odd voice.
Silas followed his gaze and saw a hint of green power flicker over his thumb and disappear. “Don’t worry,” he said, though he was shaken by losing power where he had none to spare. “That’s just me.”
“I’m not worried.” Darien eyed him. “I saw that before. When you kissed me, you passed power along. Can you take that back? It was yours to start with.”
“I don’t see it.” Silas scanned Darien up and down, noticing for the first time that the boy was naked other than his underwear. And now I know how distracted I’ve been. But nowhere on that expanse of clear skin and gaunt muscle did he see even a flicker of his own flame.
“Maybe if you kissed me again.” Darien came close and tilted his head up, eyes ageless in the odd light.
Silas suddenly didn’t care if it would transfer power and save them or not. He steadied Darien’s head in his hands, and bent to take his mouth. The kiss was like two magnets meeting, a seamless contact that was Silas-and-Darien as if they’d always been together. He could taste Darien and himself, and a hint of power danced on the edges of the kiss. He lost himself for uncounted time in the movement of Darien’s lips under his, and the touch of tongue on tongue.
Grim coughed, then sneezed. “Before we get to the mating part, did it work?”
Reluctantly, Silas pulled free, and moved one hand off Darien’s skin to call power. The magelight in his palm was maybe a bit more stable, but still a feeble thing. “Not… a lot.”
Darien wiped at his chin, then looked down at his hand. A hint of Silas’s power danced on his skin. “See, it’s there. Why didn’t you take it all?”
“I couldn’t feel it.” That was disconcerting. “We could try again.”
“Or…” Darien stared at him intently, then began methodically licking his own fingers. The shimmer of green power expanded to coat his damp hand.
Silas’s gut rolled uneasily. He hadn’t intended to pass along this magic. It was some odd side effect of a fraught moment in battle. He didn’t even know what it was doing, but Darien’s expression worried him. “If you wipe your hand on me…” Would the power come home to him? It was such a wisp, though any amount might help.
“If that kiss didn’t do it, I don’t think slimy spit transfer is the way to go.” Despite the light words, Darien seemed nervous. He held his hand up, eyeing it, then before Silas could react, he clamped it on his other arm— into his other arm.
“What are you doing? There’s no ghost.” He reached toward Darien, then yanked his hand back, afraid to touch him and make it worse.
“No ghost.” The strain on Darien’s face was echoed in his voice. “But the power you need? That’s still here.” His fingers moved, clenched, under his own skin, and he flinched.
“Don’t! Don’t hurt yourself.”
“Hah. If you think I’m gonna die beside a River that wants me to go hang out on the swings, just because of a little pain… there.” Darien lifted his fist clear of his arm. In his clenched fingers, a scrap of golden energy pulsed, pulling a streamer of light up from inside Darien, and he gasped roughly. “How… much do you need?”
“I don’t know!” It’d been a long time since Silas had wanted to gibber in panic, but this was definitely the moment. “Stop! Be careful! Don’t pull any more!”
Darien’s voice was tight and harsh. “I don’t want to do this twice. Is that enough?”
I don’t know! I can’t tell. Don’t turn yourself inside out for me! He managed to grab hold of his racing thoughts and look objectively. The ball of power Darien held was about the size of the bite most ghosts took. It should be enough for something this simple. “I think that’s plenty. Can you stop there?”
“I’m not sure.” Darien lifted his fist higher. The tendrils it was drawing up thinned, split. “Jesus Christ, this hurts. Maybe best like a Band-Aid.” With a flex of his thin biceps, he yanked his hand upward. The fistful of power broke free, connections snapping back to Darien’s arm. He yelped and sat down hard in the dirt, grunting in pain as his rear end hit the ground.
But his eyes glittered brightly as he held the fistful of light up to Silas. “There. Take it!”
Silas knelt beside him and cupped his hands around Darien’s. He muttered a spell of containment, of acceptance. He wasn’t wasting a drop of this gift. Darien’s glowing hand merged into his, and he had to control a jolt of shock. That’s not how this works. That’s not how any of this is supposed to go.
The merging of flesh in flesh was painless, heat without burn, movement without pressure. The warmth of Darien’s golden energy flowed into him and through him, from his hand to his heart, to his core, where his magic lived. He knew this man’s power now. He’d felt it fill him and stream from him before. It melded with his own seamlessly, and buoyed him up into a light, easy strength where all things felt possible.
Darien pulled his hand back slowly. When they separated, no trace of green or gold remained on his fingers. Silas caught his wrist, and kissed the base of Darien’s thumb, and the skin was cool but real against his lips. “Yes. Well done!”
He pushed to his feet in an effortless rush. He felt as good as he had the very first time he’d taken ghost-held energy for his own, like he’d drunk a super-power potion and could fly. Home is that way. The path was so clear it might as well have had streetlights.
“I see the way. Come on! Can you get up? Do you need help?” He bent and put his hands under Darien’s arms to lift him.
Relief swamped him as Darien helped push to his feet, then shrugged him off. “Yeah. I’m tired and my arm hurts like a motherfucker, but I think I can walk.”
“Let me help. Just in case.” He wanted his arm around Darien again, a touch of skin on skin where nothing could get between them. Darien didn’t fight off his hold, and even leaned a bit, which meant either he wanted it too, or he was that tired. Or missing that much life force.
Silas didn’t let himself worry about that, just focused on getting them going through the fog. They left the River and its seductive whispers behind, and it felt like just minutes— like normal— when he saw the glimmer of his cellar wards. The barrier between them and the mundane world rippled, his frozen shape and Darien’s looming ahead, standing close together on the other side.
He pushed and they popped through, snapping back into themselves, both staggering a little with the shock of regaining the world. Grim muttered a cat-curse and shook like a dog. Silas’s first breath back filled his lungs with lifegiving normal air, smoke-tinged but wholesome. His mundane body ached, thighs sore from bracing himself, arms and shoulders and back a painful echo of the blows he’d fended off.
There was no sign of Crosby’s body, just a burned spot where he’d stood and the dead crow, a lump of dark feathers on the floor. The overhead bulbs revealed Silas’s network of runes marred with deep scorch marks paralleling the chalk all around the edges. Too damned close.
Darien sagged against him and Silas caught his weight. He could hear Darien muttering, “Not passing out. Not fucking doing that again.”
He hugged him closer. “You’re alive!” Relief bubbled over in a ridiculous babble. “You’re okay, you’re not damaged, it worked, by all that’s holy, we made it, you and me, together!”
Grim stalked past them. “Right. Forget the cat. I wasn’t even there.”
Silas braced Darien against him, while reaching down to touch Grim’s furry head. “All my gratitude, Grimalkin. We couldn’t have done it without you.”
Grim head-bumped his fingers. “That’s better. I’m going to hunt down a fat mouse while you get the boy settled, but I’ll expect my cream later. And some tuna. Bacon wouldn’t go amiss either.”
“You’ll get all the goodies you can eat.” He straightened, hugging Darien against his side. “How about you? Bed or food?”
“Definitely bed.”
“Can you manage the stairs?”
“Is there a bed at the other end of them? Bring it on.”
Darien’s optimism was a bit unfounded, but they got him up the stairs eventually and into Silas’s rooms.
“Bathroom first?” Darien muttered as they went in, pulling off his sweater and rubbing at his mark-free arms.
“Sure. But I’m coming with you. Don’t want you falling on your rump.”
“Again. My ass still fucking hurts from the last time. Just so you know, gonna be off limits for a week.”
Silas was pretty sure the flash of heat that went through him ended up in his face. “We’ll discuss, um, limits, once you’ve slept.”
“Ooh, kinky—” Darien cut off short as they staggered into the bathroom. His abrupt stop knocked Silas off balance and they swayed. He realized Darien was staring at the big mirror.
“Does it feel good to have those marks gone…” He petered out as he realized good was not the expression on Darien’s face.
“I look… weird,” Darien whispered.
“You’re tired and—” He stopped there, because Darien was right. He looked… older. There were a few threads of silver in his dark hair over one temple. Tiny lines fanned out from his eyes and curled at the corners of his lips. The fine skin of his face was just a little coarser and less tight.
Darien shook free of his hold and gripped the sink, staring into the mirror.
“Your eyes are the same,” Silas pointed out. “You’re the same. With a few surface changes.”
“I’m old!”
Fighting the clench of his heart, Silas scoffed. “You’re not old. You look my age.” Maybe a little over. Not much.
“Yeah. Old.” But the tiny twitch of Darien’s lips was a win.
Silas took it as permission to step up behind him and wrap both arms around him. Darien leaned back against him as they stared at their reflections together. Silas could feel heavy shivers wracking Darien’s body, and hugged him closer, trying to pass along his body warmth.
“I guess I have to live with it,” Darien whispered eventually. “You don’t think a healer…?”
“I can ask, but even they can’t stop time and aging.”
“I look like shit.”
“You look alive.” Silas pressed a kiss against Darien’s hair. “You look like a man who’s been through some hard times, and that’s only the truth.” He wracked his brain for more. “You look like the kind of man I’d go up to in a bar, and try to convince to come into the back room with me.”
“You have shit tastes, then.” Darien’s eyes met his in the glass. “And seriously, that’s where you go to meet men?”
“It’s safest. And my taste is excellent. I like a man my age who can handle himself.”
Darien shook his head, his hair brushing Silas’s chin.
“Yes.” Silas touched the gray streak at Darien’s temple. “This might be from the bit of power that let me deflect a demon’s strike.” Sliding his finger lower, he stroked the fine lines at the corner of Darien’s eye. “The power that kept my defenses from collapsing around me, there on that little hill. Do you have any idea how it felt, to know I’d met my match and had nothing left to fight with? That Grim and I were going to die there, and the demon would track you down and use you, maybe take you over and discard that hulk he was wearing? To be able to do nothing and then to feel all that power— all your gorgeous, glowing life force— thrust inside of me?”
He shuddered against Darien’s back, washed by the memory of fear and hope and panic, of wondering how high a price Darien might’ve paid to save them even as he took that gift and used it.
“That was freaky,” Darien said, his voice stronger. “My hands went into your back.”
“I didn’t see it. All I knew was we were going to die, and then you gave me the strength to defeat him. And I had to fight, with no time to even turn and see if you’d killed yourself to give me that chance.”
“Ease up, Silas, you’re squishing me.”
Silas forced his arms to relax. “Sorry. Just… I didn’t know what ripping all those bits free would do to you. That’s why I stopped after the first ghost. Would you lose memories? Bits of who you were? Would it kill you? Would it take your ability to walk or talk or see?” He looked slowly up Darien’s reflection, from the waistband of his plaid pants, over the thin lines of his chest, dusted with more hair than he’d seen on young Darien, up the still-firm column of his neck, stubble-darkened chin with no hint of gray, to still-full lips and the faint lines and clear brown eyes and tousled hair.
With his eyes locked on Darien’s, he pressed a kiss against his neck. “This? If you’ve lost ten, maybe fifteen years of your life, I’ll grieve that—” His voice choked because he would. Necromancers were long-lived, and he’d just started thinking it wasn’t a bad thing Darien was a decade younger. But still— “And it’s your right to be shaken, maybe angry.” He remembered then that part of the blame was his, and lowered his arms. “But this is so far from the worst it might’ve been.”
“True.” Darien looked himself over. “The marks are gone. The ghosts are gone?” The rise of his tone made it a question.
“Yes. If there’d been one left, I’d have seen it on the banks of the River. I’d see it now. They’re gone.”
Darien’s shoulders slumped. “So. I’ll take it. But right now, can you go out so I can piss in private?”
“Are you strong enough?” He held up his hands at Darien’s huffed breath. “Yes, of course. I’ll toss in a something for you to sleep in.”
“I can find something of mine.” Darien glanced at where assorted clothing hung damply on the shower rail.
He wanted Darien warm and dry. And in my clothes, damn it. “Those look wet. I have lots of pajamas.”
“All right.”
That left him no excuse not to back out and shut the door, leaving Darien to do what he needed. But he had every excuse to rush down to the kitchen, three steps at a time, for a glass of milk for his boy— man. And to dig out his warmest pair of pajamas and stand ready to pass them in, while water flushed behind the closed door.

* * * * *

Chapter 9
Darien gripped the sink, his arms tensing as he swayed, and stared into the mirror. He wanted the bed— Jesus, gonna be heaven to lie down— but he couldn’t fight the need to look again. What the hell happened to me?
Stupid question, right? You gave up a bunch of life force, and now you look like an old troll and who knows what else changed?
Objectively, he had to admit Silas was right. He looked like a man in his thirties. In fact, he looked freakily like his father, and that wasn’t helping his gut settle down. I’m twenty-one motherfucking years old! He wanted to scream that at the top of his lungs, but it would change nothing and he didn’t have the energy.
Maybe a nap will help. Maybe some food. That was energy, right? Maybe there was a cure, a reversal potion that healer-woman knew. Maybe someone can fix this.
That idea settled into his rolling gut with a hollow thunk that showed how little he believed it, but he was going to try. He was going to put on the ridiculous striped pajamas that Silas’s hand had deposited around the door, and stagger to bed, and pretend things would be fine when he woke up. It was a plan.
The putting on part meant getting to the door. His legs shook and letting go of the sink wasn’t happening until he eased himself to the floor. Once down, he butt-scooted over there, wincing, and wrestled himself out of his filthy socks and muddy-bottomed plaid pants. It was harder than he expected— his brain so cotton-wooly that he sobbed in frustration as he tried to skin the damned pants off his legs. The fresh pajamas were ugly and also too long, but they were clean and soft and warm.
He was struggling to button the top when Silas tapped on the door, then stuck his head around. “Are you all right? Can I help? You got quiet.”
It was too much effort to tweak at Silas for listening at the door like a creeper. Darien just leaned against the wall, waved a hand, and was glad when Silas came and crouched down by him. “What can I do?”
Darien tugged at the buttons fretfully. “They won’t go.”
Silas gently pushed his hands aside. “Let me.” Either he was a super-fast buttoner or time got glitchy because next thing Darien knew, the top was buttoned snug to his chin. Silas gave his front a little pat, and said… something Darien didn’t make out. Next thing, he was being lifted and carried over to the big bed. Silas laid him on the heavenly, amazing, soft mattress, but when he would’ve backed away, Darien grabbed his arms and pulled.
The unexpected move put Silas off balance and he fell heavily onto Darien. Darien huffed as the air was driven from his lungs, but it was a safe, good feeling, to be pinned to the bed by Silas. It steadied something he thought might detach and float away from inside him.
“Sorry!” Silas made an effort to get up, but Darien stymied it by wrapping an arm around his neck.
“Stay here. Please.” He pushed his nose against Silas’s throat and took a big whiff of safety and home.
“I’m squishing you.”
“Not nearly enough.” He could hear the slur in his own voice, and he wasn’t thinking about sex, but he got his other arm around Silas’s back and held on as if he could make them merge again somehow.
“Hush,” Silas said. “It’s all right now. Shh.”
The words confused Darien, until the catch in his throat and shaking of his chest somehow registered. Ah, hell, I’m not crying. Fucking not! He rubbed his cheek against Silas’s shoulder in a futile effort to stem the tears.
“Shh.” Silas rolled a bit to the side, but he didn’t try to get loose. He reached around Darien’s back and pulled him closer. “I’ve got you.”
“I was afraid he’d kill you,” Darien whispered.
Silas’s voice went harsh. “I was terrified I’d killed you.”
“M-me?”
“By taking everything you gave me and spending it. By letting you feed my power without limits.”
Darien nudged Silas with his chin, his tears easing. “Hey, I’m pretty sure we were all dead if I hadn’t.”
“Yes. But if I had… if I’d sacrificed you to make it home…” A shudder ran down Silas’s body.
Something warm blossomed inside Darien’s chest, realizing the fear went both ways. He wrapped his leg around Silas’s. “But you didn’t. And we both made it. You were damned clever, giving me the power to get out the ghosts like you did. How’d you know I could figure it out?”
“I didn’t.”
“Oh. Well, I guess it was worth a shot.” He forced a grin. “You think I’m smart, huh?”
Silas pushed up on his elbows to look down at Darien. “No, you don’t understand. I didn’t plan that. Any of it. I had no idea I could pass you power in a kiss, and I didn’t try. I just—” He paused. “I wanted you safe. And in that moment, when you suddenly appeared, in the middle of danger, I had to kiss you. Not for a spell, not for power. Just… you.”
“Really?”
“My mentor used to say that doing magic was half runes and knowledge and preparation, and half power and intent. I saw you and everything I wanted for you— all that intent, to keep you safe— went into the kiss.”
Darien was too tired to know what to make of that. Was it scary that they’d muddled through, when he’d thought it was Silas’s clever plan? Was it wonderful that the kiss hadn’t been planned magical strategy? Or was that scary too? He couldn’t seem to get too worked up about any of it. Maybe he’d used up all the adrenaline in his body. He tugged Silas back down. “You’re looming. And I can’t put words together. Just… stay here while we sleep?” He didn’t want to wake and not know where Silas was.
A memory of crawling through the blinding fog, a bundle of hope clutched to his chest, wondering if he’d find Silas in time, made his heart stutter. Maybe I’m not quite out of adrenaline. “Don’t go ’way.”
“I won’t.” Silas arranged them more comfortably, shifting Darien around and hugging up against his back, holding him like he was some kind of furless teddy bear. “I’ve got you. Not letting go.”
Darien closed his eyes, letting himself sink into the softness of the bed and the warmth through the soft cotton pajamas of Silas behind him. There was a thump, then an odd sound. He cracked one eye open to see Grim crouched on the bedside table, lapping at a glass. “Hey?”
Grim eyed them sideways. “Well, no one was drinking this, and my cream failed to appear.”
“Gluttonous beast.” Silas’s tone was more slurred than sharp. “You might as well finish it. Cream later.”
“I thought as much.” Grim sat down and took a swipe at his whiskers with one big paw. “Sleep, you humans. I’ll keep watch, for a while.”
“You d’serve all the cream,” Darien rambled. “You saved our butts.”
“Enough, youngster,” Grim said. “Close your eyes. I’ll remind you of that tomorrow.”
***
Silas wasn’t any more fond of being woken up by an alarm from his wards at the crack of dawn than in the middle of the night. A moment later he heard a pounding on his door. He muttered a curse under his breath and pushed up on one elbow. His entire body felt pummeled, as if the shield of power that had held up under Crosby’s strikes had been his own flesh. He ached all over, and the tug of the clothes he’d slept in made it worse.
Under his arm, Darien shifted and muttered but didn’t wake. The boy— man— had slept restlessly, quieting best when Silas held him close. In the thin morning light through the curtains, the streak of silver hair and the fine lines in Darien’s face were clearly etched. Not temporary, not a hallucination. Not that he’d thought they were. Power came at a price, and he’d been terrified Darien’s would be far higher than some years off his life. Still was worried. Please the gods, let this be all there is.
A pounding from below reminded him why he’d woken. From somewhere down by his feet, Grim huffed an impatient sound and sat up, head cocked. “Oh, it’s Professor Ferngold. You go deal with him. I’ll keep watch on your tasty morsel here.” Grim yawned and curled back up at Darien’s feet. “Call me when you have my cream and tuna ready.”
Silas slid out of bed, tugging his clothes straight as he headed down the stairs. His shirt was probably wrinkled and his hair was no doubt a mess, and he hated being seen at a disadvantage by Ferngold. But antagonizing the local head of the Guild wasn’t a wise choice. He ran a hand over his head, checked through the door to make sure Grim was right about his visitor, and pulled it open.
Ferngold’s next blow missed the door and landed on Silas’s protective wards. Ferngold yelped and yanked his hand back, then glowered. “You! Thornwood! What’s the meaning of all this?”
“Meaning of what? I was sleeping.”
“Let me in! We have matters to discuss.” Ferngold thumped his cane on the stoop for emphasis, but without any use of power.
Silas didn’t want to get in a pissing contest with the man, no matter how satisfying it’d been to prickle his hand with the ward. Silas drew a finger down the door frame and released the barrier. “Come on in, sir.”
Ferngold huffed and stepped inside. Silas felt his wards absorb the weight and heft of the man’s power. He might look and act like a fussy old man, but one didn’t master a Guild hall with just a rule-book. Ferngold was still a force to be reckoned with.
“My study’s this way.” He gestured, locking the door and reactivating the wards with a touch.
Ferngold stood back, leaning on his cane, and let Silas lead the way. Opening the study door lifted a little puff of dust and Ferngold waved a hand in front of his face. Silas stayed impassive with an effort. He’d inherited the house from its previous occupant, dust and all, and if he’d been a bit lazy with cleanup, well, he’d had more important things to do.
He pulled out the more comfortable of the two chairs in front of the desk. “Have a seat, sir. Can I get you anything? Scotch?” He kept a bottle of the good stuff for schmoozing purposes.
“At seven in the morning?” Ferngold pushed the other chair around to face his, before removing his coat and seating himself stiffly. “Sit down here, Thornwood. I have some questions for you.”
“Oh?” He’d meant to sit at the desk, for the position of power, but folded himself into the smaller chair, keeping a bland expression. What in the hells kind of questions? Was the power surge of that battle so big he felt it?
Ferngold raised an eyebrow as if inviting Silas to unburden himself, but Silas wasn’t going to do his work for him. Eventually the sorcerer said, “I heard you have a boy here teeming with ghosts. And that you’re not sure how to remove them. That you might need assistance designing an appropriate spell.”
Silas blinked. Heard from where? Anya was no snitch. He said, “Your information is out of date. There is no problem.”
“Now, young man, it’s no time to get cocky when someone’s life is at stake. Niven told Clicks he’d never seen anyone so riddled through.”
Ferngold’s shirt pocket writhed, then the lidless eyes of his familiar peeped up above the edge. In its thin, gecko-dry voice, it said, “Yes, he was quite worried that Anya promised to help.”
Ah, familiar to familiar grapevine. Anya’s weasel, Niven, had never been a fan of Silas’s. Neither was Ferngold’s Clicks for that matter.
Silas leaned back, and folded his arms. “Well, we managed to solve the problem without her so you can tell Niven he doesn’t need to worry about her safety.”
“Solved?” Ferngold leaned forward, looking avid as only an elderly academic with a lust for useful data can. “How? What happened? What did you use—”
Time to go on the offensive. “Why didn’t you tell me Crosby had acquired a demon? Didn’t you think that was something I needed to know?”
It was satisfying to see Ferngold stopped in mid-question, his mouth hanging open. “He’s what?”
“Well, he’s dead, now. But before that.”
Ferngold thumped his cane on the floor hard. “Explain yourself, Thornwood.”
“He showed up at my back door, ridden by a six-syllable demon. No doubt the source I warned you about.” It was satisfying to see Ferngold’s red face pale at that information. “Managed to get through my wards by trickery—” and Silas was kicking himself up, down, and sideways for not explaining the wards properly to Darien, or shielding him against subtle influence. “—and came after me.”
“And you defeated a six-syllable demon riding a sorcerer who was a member of the Guild council? By yourself?” Ferngold’s gaze tried to bore a hole into Silas. “There hasn’t been a demon that old loose in decades. You’re not that strong.”
Silas shrugged. “Maybe I’m that lucky.” It was sobering to realize that really was true. Darien is my luck. He leaned forward. “Question is, why didn’t anyone notice? I’m the council’s man on the ground when demons are raised. Why did no one tell me?”
Ferngold slumped, looking older. “No one knew. I hadn’t heard even a rumor. He missed the last two Guild meetings. Illness once, unavoidable business the other, but no one suspected…” He straightened but his face still looked drawn. “You’re certain?”
“The demon shed the corpse and gave me his name, at the end.” Silas let a little ice edge his voice, as Ferngold didn’t look convinced. “Grim said Morra tasted like raw chicken.”
Ferngold flinched, and the gecko squeaked and ducked down into the old sorcerer’s pocket. Ferngold asked, “Where is Grim?”
From the doorway, Grim said, “I’m here. And I’m hungry.” Silas barely had time to unfold his arms and brace himself before twenty pounds of tomcat ended up in his lap. Grim licked a claw tip and sat on Silas’s thighs. “Crosby was a meat suit for that demon, by the time he showed up here. He had to have been ridden for months, maybe even years. Until his familiar was tainted beyond repair too.”
Silas remembered the end of the fight, the jealousy and anger that had let him goad Crosby. “Not entirely a suit. There was a little human left.”
Grim flicked his ears. “Perhaps. Didn’t save him. Stupid bastard. Is it time for cream yet?”
Silas didn’t dare pet and soothe him. The tension of that compact muscled body in his lap suggested Grim would take his hand off if he tried. “Someone will have to go to Crosby’s home and go through it, fumigate it.” No doubt there were dark spells, and whatever the demon had been up to, to amuse itself. Not my problem, praises be. “Was there anything else, sir?
“You’ll have to come to the council and give us a full report. No later than tomorrow. I’ll call a meeting.” Ferngold pushed to his feet. “What a mess. Although if you stopped him… that’s impressive, Thornwood. We’ll want to know all the details.”
What they wanted and what he’d give them were two different things, but he nodded. “Of course.”
As Ferngold headed toward the door, Silas was patting himself on the back for a successful deflection. Unfortunately, Clicks ran up to the sorcerer’s shoulder, and looked back at Silas, toes snagged in Ferngold’s shirt. “And the young ghost-carrier? Are you still expecting Anya to pull your nuts out of the fire on that one?”
Ferngold froze and turned back. “Ah, yes, I almost forgot. Where is the unfortunate boy?”
Asleep in my bed was not a safe answer with the hidebound old sorcerer. “He’s still sleeping. It’s only seven-fifteen. And he’s fine. I told you, there are more urgent matters.”
“If Crosby is dead and the demon banished— you did say you banished the demon?” Ferngold raised an eyebrow.
“Yes.”
“Then I think Crosby’s house can wait until I verify the wellbeing of the ghost-ridden young man.” Ferngold set his coat on the chair and leaned on the desk, looking immovable.
Silas kept his exasperated breath silent. The fastest way to get past Ferngold was to cooperate, up to a point. “I’ll fetch him down for you, sir. He’s in bed, so that may take a while.”
“I can take the time to peruse these shelves. Old Vickery had some interesting-looking volumes in his library.” Ferngold cast a look around the books lining the walls. “I assume you plan to curate them at some point? It would be a shame to see this fall to rack and ruin.”
That seemed a bit dramatic for a bit of dust, but Silas said, “Yes, when I can get someone trustworthy to do it. Excuse me.”
He closed the door on the way out, and sealed it with a chime spell— he didn’t want to offend the powerful sorcerer by locking him in, but at least he’d have a warning if the old man decided to wander.
Grim paced at his heels, and purred loudly when he turned for the kitchen instead of the stairs. “Cream at last.”
“And tuna.” Silas smiled, despite everything. “I’d better bring Darien some food or he’s not going to survive interrogation by Ferngold.”

* * * * *

Chapter 10
Silas left Grim snarl-purring over a dish of tuna, and carried a tray up the stairs. The bedroom door thumped a bit, opening it with his hands full, but Darien didn’t stir. He lay curled up tight, his face buried in the pillows. Silas hated to wake him, but he didn’t put it past Ferngold to come looking, if they kept him waiting too long.
“Hey, Darien. Breakfast.” He set the tray on the nightstand, removing the old sticky glass. “Up you get.”
Darien mumbled something and curled tighter. Silas shook his shoulder lightly, and got whacked in the thigh as Darien yelped and thrashed, rolling over, arms swinging blindly.
“Hey, it’s me.” He grabbed Darien’s wrist in self-defense. “It’s Silas!”
Darien’s eyes popped open, pupils shot wide, and he pulled his hand free. “Silas? Ah, hell. Don’t do that.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yeah.” Darien dragged a hand across his eyes. “Just bad dreams.” He pushed himself higher in the bed. “Did someone say breakfast?”
“Bread and cheese and milk.” Silas set the tray in his lap carefully. “Eat slowly. You don’t want to get sick.”
“No bacon?” Darien downed a couple of swallows of milk and frowned, lips twisting. “Maybe just as well.”
“Nauseated?” Silas took that thin wrist in his fingers and pressed over the right spot in firm circles.
“What—?” Darien stared down at their hands. “Hey, that’s helping.”
“It’s a pressure point.” Silas gave it another half a minute, then set Darien’s hand on the covers. “Try again.”
Darien was able to drink the milk, and after a brief bathroom break, came back and wolfed down the simple bread and cheese. Silas noticed Darien’s gaze was darting around, looking everywhere but at him. But whatever was going on, this wasn’t the moment to fix it. Instead, he took the time to spruce himself up, to comb and shave and put on a fresh shirt as Darien ate. Ferngold’s respect often hinged on stupid things like the straightness of a fellow’s tie pin.
When Darien set the plate aside, Silas said, “I need you to come downstairs with me and meet someone.”
Darien slid out of the bed again and stretched deliberately, the action hiking the hem of his pajama top enticingly, showing a flash of golden skin. “Now? Really?”
“Yes.” Silas managed to fake a stern voice. “And get dressed, neat as you can. Professor Ferngold is head of the local Practitioners’ Guild. He wants to see you.”
Darien’s moment of enticement vanished. He hugged his middle. “About my… magic?”
“About your ghosts. For now. He heard about them from Anya’s familiar.”
“But they’re gone.”
“And we need to show him that.” Silas turned to rummage in a drawer. He thought he had a pair of new underwear— yes. Probably a bit loose on Darien’s compact rump, but better than nothing. He tossed them onto the bed. “Here. Grab those. And these black socks. I’ll find you a shirt. Are any of your slacks dry?”
Darien glanced at the bathroom. “I don’t know…”
“I’ll look. You get those on. And this.” He pulled out a dress shirt from the back of the closet, a bit creased, but clean.
When he entered the bathroom, he was startled to find the mirror draped with a towel. Was there a portal attempt? He was urgently checking the glass for tampering spells before he realized— or maybe Darien just didn’t want to see himself. Damn it.
He urgently wanted to have more time to talk to Darien, to check and reassure him, not parade him in front of a knowledge-hungry sorcerer. Sometimes you can’t get what you want.
The clothes draped along the shower rod were mostly dry, but stained and threadbare. He wondered why. Darien should’ve been living better than that. His father had earned a decent living, back when, and they’d had clothes and books and toys. College might’ve been a stretch, but Darien shouldn’t have been in abject poverty.
Ask later.
He picked the slightly-less objectionable pair of slacks, still damp around the waistband, and brought them out. Darien was folding up the sleeves of the blue shirt to hide their length, his legs bare, rump snugly covered in Silas’s not-too-big briefs. He’d opened the curtain enough to let a stray sunbeam in, and it frosted the silver hair at his temple. Silas had an odd sense of rightness, of permanence, as if he’d watched this man get dressed in this room over and over for years.
He cleared his throat. “Here. Better than drowning in my pants.”
Even when fully dressed, Darien was far from a picture of respectability, but at least looked less like Silas had spent the last hours debauching him. Which I haven’t. More’s the pity.
From the doorway, Grim said, “Professor Stuffy’s starting to make little humphing sounds. Best get downstairs.”
“Professor Stuffy?” Darien cracked a smile.
“Don’t get cocky,” Silas warned. “Professor Ferngold is—” He moderated his words at the last moment, in case that gecko was wandering about in the walls. “—set in his ways, with a bit of an academic focus, but you don’t get to where he is without the power to back that up.”
Darien sobered. “What does he want?”
“To talk to you about the ghosts, primarily.” He chose his words carefully, with emphasis. “You can tell him how, in banishing the demon, we managed to clear them from you and transfer the energy to me. Precisely that.”
Something of his wariness must’ve shown, because Darien said, “And…” with a mimed gesture at his arm rather than words.
“Practitioners never share everything they know. He won’t with you either.”
“All right.” Darien’s smile was a thin, twisted version of his usual. “Lead on.”
Ferngold hadn’t left the study to snoop, but when Silas led the way in, the gecko did scamper down from the top of a high bookcase and up the sorcerer’s arm to his shoulder.
Silas said, “Professor Ferngold, this is Darien Green. Darien, Professor Ferngold and his familiar, Clicks.”
Clicks chittered shrilly, “I don’t see any ghosts.”
Silas nodded. “All gone, as I said.”
“Remarkable.” Ferngold gestured with a twirl of a finger. “Turn around for me, young man.”
Silas saw a muscle clench on the side of Darien’s jaw, but he pivoted obediently. Ferngold sketched a minor rune of detection, his spell pinging across Silas’s wards. Silas said nothing, although courtesy should have required the old man to ask permission in his own home. Low-key and calm will get rid of the old man fastest.
Ferngold frowned as Darien finished rotating. “I see no sign of ghosts in him now.”
“There were several,” Silas said.
“How many?”
“I didn’t count.” Darien probably had.
Ferngold turned to Darien. “Who’s your master?”
“My what?”
“Your instructor? Mentor? Where are you from?”
“I grew up over in Northfield.”
“Nonsense. I’d have heard about you before now.”
Darien blinked. “My house was right next to Silas’s, for years.”
Ferngold glared at Silas. “So you knew about him?”
“I left for college back when he was eight,” Silas said blandly.
“Hrrmph.”
“Knew what about me?” Darien asked.
“You glow with power, young man, ghosts or no. You should have a mentor, someone to take you in hand. With that kind of aura, you’ll just end up possessed again, if someone doesn’t get you in harness and teach you how to shield.” He looked Darien up and down, from roughly combed hair to sock-clad feet. “Someone who tolerates informality. I’ll give it some thought.”
“He’s staying with me,” Silas said before he could think better of it. I should’ve asked Darien first. But Darien didn’t look angry, just a bit nonplussed.
Ferngold’s bushy eyebrows climbed. “Mentorships are the decision of the Guild council, Thornwood.”
“Yes, of course, sir.” He needed to repair the damage, before Ferngold denied him out of spite. “But this is an unusual situation, and he’s much older than the usual apprentices. We’ve already worked together. I know the flavor of his power.”
“Worked together?” Ferngold asked Darien, “How did those ghosts get removed?”
Darien quoted, “In banishing the demon, we managed to clear the ghosts from me and transfer their energy to Silas.”
“During a banishment. Well, that is impressive.” There was a hint of wariness in his glance at Silas. “It seems necromancer Thornwood has hidden depths.”
Silas bowed his head slightly. As if you haven’t been steering me at the strongest demons for the last three years. The council surely had some idea of his worth. But he had tried to stay underestimated. That never hurt.
“Nonetheless, young Darien, your power does not have the tang of necromancy. It will be the job of the council to find you a proper mentor.”
Grim jumped up onto the desk. “Better leave things be, Professor,” the cat said. “These two work best together.”
Ferngold glared. “Who are you to tell the head of the Guild what to do?”
Grim stretched one needle-clawed paw out and admired it. “A familiar with precognition?” He batted a pencil off the desk, jumped down, and gave it a swat that had it careening off the far wall.
Ferngold harrumphed again, but with less certainty. “Well, the apprentice might as well stay here, for now. Thornwood should be capable of teaching him at least a few basic shielding techniques.”
“Yes, sir,” Silas agreed. “I’ll get right on that.”
“And Thornwood, we will be sending you notice to attend a meeting. We’ll want to know exactly how you defeated a six-syllable demon and extracted a handful of ghosts at the same time. I assume you’ll be happy to share your techniques, in the common good.”
“Of course,” Silas promised. In as little detail as possible. He would share the rune structures that proved effective at containment, but the boost he’d got from Darien wasn’t something he’d disclose.
An apprentice who can pull out his own energy and feed it to you at will? Some of the dry-well old bastards would surely want to own him. It wasn’t just ghosts and demons who’d find Darien very appealing, and for a couple of the sorcerers, possibly in more than one way.
Clicks gave a trill that managed to sound skeptical. “Perhaps it would be wise to have an independent observer here. To study Thornwood’s techniques.”
Silas reflected that familiars came to resemble their masters.
Grim said, “Are you volunteering? There’s glorious hunting in this old house. Rats half my size. Spiders twice your size. Good sport, for you and the spiders.”
Then again, some familiars are very much their own selves. “An observer won’t see anything of any use to the Guild,” he said. “I’ll be teaching Darien the most basic of shielding techniques. Quite boring.”
“True, true.” Ferngold picked up his coat. “It’s early days yet. Time enough to figure out what Green’s talents are down the road.” He slid into the sleeves and Clicks clung to his lapel, unblinking eyes fixed on Silas. He wondered what the gecko’s talent actually was. No one he’d ever gossiped with seemed to know. As long as it’s not mind reading.
“Show me out,” Ferngold commanded.
Silas was more than happy to obey. As he pulled open the front door and quelled the wards, a chill breeze drove a few flakes of snow in their faces. Clicks hissed and ran down inside the coat, disappearing into Ferngold’s pocket with a high-pitched mutter about the weather. Ferngold set his cane against the wall to button his coat, and pulled on his gloves methodically. On the threshold he turned to Silas.
“You’re hiding something about that man. What don’t you want the Guild to know about him?”
How well he kisses? Silas forced down the temptation to shake Ferngold with a little show of power. It would be a waste, and only make the old man more suspicious. Luckily, his suspicions seemed to be arcane, not personal. “I assure you, I only see what you see. And those of my techniques which may be useful I will share with the council, when called on to do so.”
Ferngold stepped out and tapped his walking stick on the porch, as if for balance. But Silas had his wards slammed shut before the little ripple of power hit them. Ferngold snorted. “You always were a willful one. And get someone in to curate those books.” He tromped off down the steps toward his waiting car.
Silas shut the door and leaned against it.
“What a charming guy,” Darien said from the hallway.
“He’s far from the best of them, but not the worst.”
“I did meet Crosby.” Darien’s tone was bone-dry.
But Silas heard an undercurrent that made him go over and put a hand on Darien’s shoulder. “No one’s at their best when they’re half-eaten by a demon.”
Darien chuckled. “You should put that on a T-shirt.” He glanced around. “Hey, is there more food?”
Grim said, “Of course. Although I’ve had all the tuna. You should insist on bacon.”
“I know who wants bacon.” Silas knelt to look Grim in the eyes. “Thanks for the moral support. Did you truly have a foresight that Darien and I should work together?”
Grim swatted at his ankle, claws still sheathed. “Yes, I foresaw a lot of sighing and frowning and pining if you didn’t.”
“I don’t pine.”
“Yet.” Grim directed a pointed a look from Silas to Darien. “You would for him.” He turned and trotted toward the kitchen, his tail a quirked summons.
Silas rose and turned, unable to bring his gaze to Darien’s face. “We should probably talk over—”
“I’m sorry!” Darien’s breathless tone shocked Silas. “I’m so, so sorry!”
“For what?” He did meet Darien’s eyes then, surprised to find their ochre depths swimming with tears. “Darien, you saved my life. Twice.”
“After bringing the danger in to you. I heard you say ‘Don’t go outdoors’ and I forgot. I felt something go wrong when I stepped out. I broke your protection spell-thingies, didn’t I? I let Crosby in.”
“Well, yes, but—” He gripped Darien’s arms to keep him from whirling away. “No, listen to me. Yes, you broke the wards. But he lured you. He did something subtle that pulled you out to him. Didn’t he?”
Darien hesitated, his expression becoming more distant. “I saw the crows, dive-bombing something. I thought there was an injured dog or fawn or even a child—” He choked and broke off short. “Because yeah, there’d be a fawn in the middle of winter, or a child wandering alone in your maze. Jesus! I’m so gullible.” He looked down at their feet.
Silas closed his fingers, shaking Darien lightly. “It was not your fault. You need to believe that. Crosby’s demon was strong and old and subtle. My wards keep out attacks, but an appeal for help? A call to your better self? It’s my fault for not anticipating how those could be used against you.”
“Still, I should’ve remembered what you said.”
“If there had been an injured child, would you have wished you’d stayed safe in the house?”
“I—” Darien looked back up at him, eyes wide and dark.
Silas fought the need to pull him close and hold him, and settled for a pat on the shoulder. “You had no idea what you were up against. It was my fault for not keeping better watch.”
Darien nodded slowly. “You’re right. It was all your fault.”
Silas’s jaw dropped, before he caught the returning sparkle in Darien’s eyes, and the quirk of his lips. “Brat. Maybe we can agree it wasn’t our finest moment.”
Darien’s smile slid off his face. “Can’t call me a brat when I look like this.” He flicked a finger at the silver lock of hair.
“I can call you a brat when you’re old and gray and have hair growing out of your ears.”
“Oh, ick.” But Darien looked a bit better.
Silas remembered the main thing he’d wanted to say. “I’m sorry I told Ferngold you’d be staying here with me, before I even asked you. I wanted to head him off at the pass, before he decided to apprentice you himself.”
“Can he do that?”
“An apprentice does have to sign the papers, and as a legal adult, no one can make you agree if you don’t want to.” He wasn’t going to go into the ways a dark sorcerer might bend someone’s will to achieve that end. I’m going to teach him protection wards of steel. No one’s coercing him on my watch.
“So what options do I have?” Darien tilted his head as if just curious, but his pupils remained blown wide.
“Legally, morally, you can just leave.” Silas kept his tone dry to hide how much he hated that option.
“Would they let me go? That council?”
“Maybe?” He added, “You should definitely stay long enough for one of us to teach you to shield, though. Right now, if you step outside my wards, you’re a walking ghost target again.”
“How long would learning that take?”
“How fast of a learner are you?” He had a flash of young Darien, fearless, taking his skateboard down a stair rail at the library while Silas rued the day he’d offered to teach the kid. “A week for you, maybe less.”
“And then what? I go back to school? Try to pick up my classes, looking like this? I can’t—” Darien pressed his lips tightly shut, which didn’t hide the quiver of his chin.
Silas couldn’t help reaching for him, and Darien came stiffly into his hug. The first shudder shook them both, but then Darien slumped and hid his face against Silas’s shoulder. “Hey,” Silas murmured through Darien’s hair against his lips. “We’ll figure it out, right? We figured out a demon on the fly under lightning strikes. This should be a piece of cake.”
Darien tipped his head back, lashes wet. “I don’t actually want to go.”
Silas kissed him. It was the wrong thing to do, so wrong, in this moment when Darien was shaken and confused and alone. But nothing had felt as right as their lips meeting, and the way Darien grabbed his head and kissed him back harder and harder, taking control. Silas let him. He didn’t need to make demands. He could part his lips and pull Darien in tight and let him kiss and grab and rut and gasp and invade with tongue and hands. There could be nothing wrong about that when it was Darien.
Darien broke free with a gasp. “Um. Wow.” He rubbed his chin with the back of his hand. “So, there’s also that.”
“Come have some bacon,” Silas said helplessly, because he was a breath away from dragging Darien back upstairs. Or maybe to that convenient desk in the study. He pivoted toward the kitchen. “Food always makes things easier.”
Darien’s hand on his shoulder stopped him. “Wait.”
He paused but didn’t turn.
“It’s not just me, right? That feels something… right, when we do that?”
He cleared his throat. “It’s not just you.”
“Are we… Can we…”
He stood silent as Darien moved up closer behind him, then brushed a tiny kiss across the back of his neck.
He’s much braver than I am. Silas shivered. “I’ve never really been with someone. In the daylight, I mean. I’ve— There’ve been men, of course, in bars and hotels, no names, lights down low. You’re different.”
Darien plastered himself warm against Silas’s back, an arm across his chest. “I had a lover in college. My second year. Only lasted a few months, but I liked being important to someone.”
You’re essential to me. It was far too soon to say that. He turned in Darien’s arms. Remember that no matter how he looks now, he’s still very young. And wounded. He touched Darien’s cheek, where the dark circles hadn’t faded from under his eyes. “You are important. And now we’d better get some food into you, and get that cat his bacon.”
Darien kept hold of Silas’s arm as they headed for the kitchen. “You need to eat too. You look like crap.”
“You’re too kind.”
“That’s what you’ll keep me around for. My kindness.”
I think I would keep you around for a thousand reasons. He pressed a quick kiss to Darien’s temple, and made a beeline for the refrigerator where Grim stood switching his tail impatiently.

* * * * *

Chapter 11
Darien was full of bacon and a dozy aftermath of fatigue when the bell of the telephone on the kitchen wall startled him. He whacked his knee on the table and swore.
Silas jumped up to answer it, fighting the twisted cord as he held the handset to his ear. “Thornwood… Yes, sir… Seven o’clock. Has someone gone to check Crosby’s— I understand… Yes, sir. We’ll be there.” He hung up with a rough thump of the handset in the cradle, and pinched the bridge of his nose. “That was the Guild council.”
“Sorcerers use the telephone?”
“What did you expect?”
“Telepathy? Glowing runes? A note tied to the leg of a bat?”
That got a little smile. “Technology’s useful, in its own way. And doesn’t take power.”
“Well, electricity.” But he abandoned the subject. “What was that about Crosby?”
Silas sat back down across from Darien. “The odds are very high that Crosby invited the demon on purpose, gave it assistance to cross to this world. That means he was practicing dangerous magic.”
“He wanted to be possessed?” The man had seemed twisted, but that was truly insane.
“Oh, no. He would’ve assumed he could control the demon. Keep it imprisoned and give it little bits of rewards in exchange for its help. But the kind of man who thinks he can safely master a demon usually has weaknesses the demon can exploit. And the kind of rewards you have to give a demon taint the soul, so gradually they start to win.”
“Wouldn’t he just get rid of it— banish it or whatever— if he thought he was losing control?”
“Unless the practitioner’s a necromancer, they can’t open the world gates without the demon’s help. Once they’ve invited it across, they have to contain it forever. Demons are patient and devious, and eventually the sorcerer slips. Or the demon tempts them into giving it more freedom.”
“So you think the demon offered him what? Eternal youth? Power?”
“Not eternal, but youth, yes.” Silas pressed a fist to his lips for a moment, then said, “Crosby was three decades older than me.”
“He what?” No way that man had been in his sixties. “The demon did that for him?” Could a demon take away my extra years? He gave his thigh a hard pinch for even letting the thought escape. “Ouch.” Don’t be an idiot. Jesus fucking Christ, like ghosts weren’t enough.
Silas gave him a quizzical look. “I imagine so. It might’ve been an illusion.”
See. You almost considered trading your soul for an illusion.
“Or it could’ve been some kind of regeneration. But odds are it was outward only. The demon couldn’t turn back time, just make a sixty-year-old man look thirty.”
“Or twenty-four.” Oops. “Not that I cared. But I thought he was trapped because he was young and stupid.” Like me.
“No. Old and greedy. Egotistical.” Silas pushed his chair back, crossed his legs, and laced his fingers around his raised knee. There was something artificial about the pose, like it was meant to convey calm, and didn’t. “He was a power in the Guild, a council member, even when I first met him. My mentor told the council I was stronger than he was, and that piqued Crosby’s attention. He came to me privately, hinting that we should work together. My talent intrigued him.”
I bet he was more intrigued by your fine ass and gray eyes. Darien hadn’t missed the byplay as they’d fought. “He wanted to fuck you.”
Silas blinked. “You don’t know the meaning of the word decorum, do you?”
“I have manners. But when it’s just you and me, I like truth.” All those haunted months had taught him to pare life down to the essentials and omit polite fictions. If I’m not going to die, I might have to rethink that. Later.
“Ah. Well, yes, he did. I think at first he genuinely wanted to see if he could harness my talents to his spells. Necromancy and sorcery are two arms of a similar practice. One of the challenges is always access to power, and sorcerers are envious that necromancers have a supply outside their own strength that isn’t tainted.”
“Tainted?”
“We necromancers take what the ghosts give us. It’s already stolen from their hosts, or lost at death. No moral choices to be made, and the personality is wiped clean from it by the River. Sorcerers can draw power from people, animals, and plants, to add to what they have in their own right. But it’s tricky, and demands constant self-control.”
“Oh. So sorcerers can do what I did with my arm?”
“In reverse. They take, not give. What you did was unique, to offer your body’s power freely.”
“I thought you said you couldn’t take it directly from me?” Had that been a lie?
“I can’t. I’m a necromancer. But if you don’t have shields, a strong sorcerer could. They could eat every bite of your power, if they chose. Even without the demon, even without the ghosts, Crosby could’ve taken your life force and fed on it.”
Darien shuddered. “What keeps the bastards from taking over the world and eating everything in it?”
“The energy from plants and animals is very low, though safe. Rarely worth the effort. Stealing power from people tends to warp and taint the spells it’s used for, and the more power a victim had, the worse it warps. That helps keep many of the strongest sorcerers dedicated to the light. Just as necromancers hunt demons, ethical sorcerers track and take down the dark ones.”
“I’m sorry, but Ferngold against Crosby? The crow would’ve eaten his lizard while Crosby snacked on his bones.”
Grim said, “Crosby without the demon would’ve feared the council. Maybe not Ferngold alone, although you shouldn’t underestimate him. But put three or four sorcerers together and they’re a force indeed. The dark ones don’t trust each other enough to power-share. So usually they lose.”
“Usually?”
“World War Two was a time when a cabal of dark sorcerers rose, draining the power from millions of deaths to drive their spells, seeking to make everyone their cattle.”
“How did we stop them?” The war had been horrific enough, but to know there was magic behind it? His father has always been haunted by what he’d seen over there. “Ten million deaths in the camps…” What kind of spells could that power?
Silas said, “It took amazing spellcraft and courage and luck. If they’d trusted each other more, if they hadn’t had to struggle to control their death-fueled spells, we might’ve lost. But they split apart after a while, each afraid the others were plotting to turn on him. So the Guild worldwide fooled them into attacking the strongest of them first, out of that fear, and they weakened, fighting among themselves. It was a close-run thing.”
Darien bit his lip, imagining—
Silas leaned forward and set a hand on his on the table. “But that’s ancient news. And— please all the gods— we’re keeping better watch for future warning signs. What we deal with here is on a much smaller scale.”
“Small-scale can still kill you.” Crosby might’ve wiped Silas off the face of the Earth. I might never have gotten to kiss him properly. He turned his hand over and gripped Silas’s, before letting go to fiddle with his empty cup. “So what did the council want on the phone?”
“Oh. Yes. They require us— well, invite, but it amounts to the same thing— to attend a meeting tonight at seven.”
“What for?”
Silas was watching him carefully, and his tone seemed deliberately level. “I imagine they want to see you and gauge your power. They’ll want to hear how I managed to banish Crosby’s demon, because knowing I had that much power makes them nervous, and they’ll want to discuss your apprenticeship.”
“I thought I got to stay with you for now.”
“So did I.” Storms brewed in Silas’s eyes. “Ferngold has never liked me, or trusted me. I imagine he got home and started worrying about me somehow adding your power to my own.”
“You wouldn’t.” Darien trusted Silas, all the way down to his core. I had my hands in his heart. He kissed me first. He wasn’t sure which moment had sealed it, but he knew without doubts that Silas wouldn’t hurt him.
“No, but others might. It would behoove us to get you as much protection from the rest as we can manage, before tonight.”
Silas looked so serious, he couldn’t resist tweaking him. “Man, did you just say behoove?”
A faint flush ran up Silas’s neck to his cheekbones. “My mentor was elderly. His vocabulary sticks with me.”
“Well, as long as I don’t have to learn to talk like that to do magic.”
“I imagine your own vocabulary will suffice.”
“Now you’re doing it on purpose.”
Silas’s lips twitched. “I suggest a bath or shower for each of us, and after those ablutions we can retire again to my bibliotheca to engage in sorcerous pursuits.”
A giggle bubbled up in Darien and he smothered it with a hand to his lips. “Your bibowhat-a?”
“Library. And yes, I was doing it on purpose.”
“So a shower and then magic?”
“Right.” Silas sobered. “If we’re going to stand in front of the Guild council tonight, I want you armored as much as possible. I’d have given you more time to recover first, but they aren’t giving us that choice.”
“Aren’t they supposed to be on your side?”
“Our side, young sorcerer. And yes. But even righteous men with a purpose sometimes steamroller over individuals.”
Darien flinched, and hoped Silas would think it was about the council, not about being called young. Am I middle-aged now? Is age my body or my brain? Or did I pull chunks out of my brain too, feeding Silas? Irrational anger threatened to swamp him, and he shoved up out of his chair to hide it. “Last one to the bathroom is a rotten egg!”
Running up stairs in socks was no smarter than running down them, but Silas didn’t seem to have taken up the challenge. Darien managed not to break his neck and still reached the bathroom door first. And hesitated.
“I left the towel over the mirror,” Silas said behind him. “It’s fine that way. I’d take the mirror down, but I think it’s screwed into the wall.”
“You don’t need to unscrew it. Jesus, I’m not that fragile!” He took two steps inside, reaching for the towel, but Silas caught his hand.
“Leave it. You’ll have enough battles to fight, trying to pin down your magic. That one can wait another day.”
Darien wanted to argue, but fatigue washed over him. He slumped and Silas’s arm came around him, as he already trusted that it would. “This has been a shitty weekend,” he muttered. Silas said nothing, didn’t move, but Darien felt the way his muscles went hard and wary. “Except for you,” he added quickly, turning in Silas’s hold to give him a smacking kiss on the chin. “And losing the ghosts. That was amazing. And Grim’s not bad. Okay, it was one hell of a mixed weekend.”
“Get in the shower.” Silas gave him a little push, but seemed more relaxed. “I’ll bring you some more clean clothes.”
Darien waved at the shower rod. “My own stuff is dry. I’ll be fine.”
Silas muttered something that might’ve contained the word “rags.”
“Look, bud. I didn’t come here to sponge off you. Go. I’ll be out shortly.”
“All right. But you saved my life. There’s no sponging problem. And I have money.”
“We can talk about it later.” Darien flapped his hand. “Go.”
Silas backed out, pulling the door with him, and Darien focused on getting his clothes off the rod and himself into the shower. The warm, clean water was wonderful, and he found a bar of soap and a bottle of shampoo that smelled like honey. It took three rounds before his nails were clean and the water from his hair ran clear.
Stepping out of the tub took more energy than it should’ve, like the shower had turned his muscles to rubber. He toweled off roughly, trying to rub some alertness back into himself. I have a right to be tired— running, fighting. It’s not because of that missing energy I fed Silas. Surely not.
Turning to his clothes, he picked his most threadbare pair of slacks, because they were the most comfortable. Not because they were sure to annoy Silas. A thick college sweatshirt, only slightly damp in the cuff of one sleeve, was comforting over the top. He worried that his new, old body might be thicker, fatter, but his waistband buttoned loosely. Socks were easy. There. Ready.
Silas was waiting outside the bathroom door with an armful of his own clothes. Darien jerked his chin up as Silas looked him over. Do I look stupid, an old guy in student clothes? But Silas just said, “Good, you look more comfortable. I’ll only be a minute.”
“I might stretch out for a bit.”
“I wouldn’t.” Silas touched Darien’s arm. “I know you’re tired but let’s get a session in. You’ll need a nap after. If you lie down now—”
“Message delivered. I’ll go look out the window.”
“Right. I’ll be quick.”
When the door closed behind Silas and the water came on, Darien wandered to the window. The creak of the room’s door made him whirl, heart pounding, then relax as Grim sauntered in.
The cat came to him and leaped up on the wide windowsill, looking out at the white world.
“It’s snowing,” Darien said. No kidding. Brilliant observation.
“Luckily Silas has a nice Studebaker with excellent heating, so we can ride to the meeting in comfort.”
“You’re coming too?” That made him feel better.
“Of course. I’d like to see them try to exclude familiars.”
“Who’s going to be there? Can you give me some kind of warning what’ll happen?”
“Silas will tell you, if you ask him. As for who? There’s seven on the council, though they may not all be there. Six, now Crosby’s gone. Ferngold you met. Susan Snow represents the Healers. She’s reasonable enough. Locke is second to Ferngold and a stuffy academic to the core. Burns is a climber, likes power a bit too much, not too bright. If I was picking someone to fall for a demon from that bunch, I’d have picked Burns, not Crosby.”
“You don’t think he has?” Darien’s gut clenched.
“Not last I saw him. But I don’t trust him further than I can trip him. Norgaard’s quiet. So’s his familiar, Mal. He sees deep, though, and Silas trusts him. Worthington is the necromancer. He’s a dark horse, plays everything close to his chest. Personally—” Grim licked his paw slowly. “—I think he’s jealous of Silas, sees the promise in him. Take everything Worthington says with a grain of salt.”
“Not a circle of salt?” The idea of enemies within the ranks of the top practitioners wasn’t doing his pulse rate any good.
“Couldn’t hurt.” Grim head-bumped Darien’s elbow. “Don’t worry, young sorcerer. You’ve power to be reckoned with too.”
“Doesn’t help much if I don’t know what to do with it.”
Grim’s swat at his hand had just a hint of claws in it. “Better listen to what Silas says, then.” He jumped down. “I’m going to go patrol the house a bit.”
Darien leaned on the window seat and watched the big tabby go. Ferngold. Burns the climber. Snow the Healer. Worthington the necromancer. What did it mean if only half of the council members seemed to be on Silas’s side?
Silas came out of the bathroom toweling his hair. He was shirtless, his feet bare. The wool slacks he wore hugged his thighs well.
Darien pushed off the seat. “Hey, I have a better idea of how we could spend a few minutes. Get a little energy back.” He’d bet he was a hell of a lot better at sex than at whatever Silas was planning to teach him. He tried to prowl sexily toward Silas, although fatigue probably made it look like shambling.
Either way, he was looking in the right place to see the front of Silas’s trousers tighten, but Silas caught him by the arms, and his kiss was soft rather than hot. “You’re going to crash in an hour or so. Work before play, dear boy.”
Darien blinked and shoved away how much he liked still hearing boy when he looked anything but boyish. “Your loss.”
Silas kissed him again, a fast brush. “Rain check? When we finally do this, I want to take my time.”
“When, or if?”
Silas ran his hands up Darien’s arms to cup his face. “We’re a long way past if.” He stepped back and went to pull a sweater out of his dresser. “For now, there are still battles to be won.”
“Seems like this magic stuff is a lousy gig.”
Silas tugged the sweater on and smoothed down his hair. “It has its moments. Come on.”
The study was bright with the morning sun through the French doors. Silas tugged the drapes until the light dimmed to a blue glow. He gestured to the floor. “Have a seat.”
Darien lowered himself gingerly, realizing his ass was sore and bruised, and other bits of him were less bendy than they should be. The polished floor was pretty but hard. “Do you ever sit on a cushion?”
“Butt hurting you, Dare?”
He said, “A bit,” before noticing the old nickname. Sitting down, learning something from Silas, became an echo of sunlit childhood. He grumped, “And not in a good way,” because he wasn’t a kid and this wasn’t about how to put air in his bike tires, and he didn’t want to go back to those dynamics, however comforting. “What do I need to do?”
Silas grabbed a small cloth bag and sat, slipping into a lotus position with impressive ease.
The man is limber. Darien gave himself a mental smack and leaned forward to pay attention.
“What I’m going to teach you is the first lesson a youngster with power learns. How to build personal shield walls and keep themselves safe.” Silas gestured with his hands as if enclosing Darien in a dome. “This is mostly about intent, but at first it’s structured by runes that help keep your walls locked in place.”
“Say that again? And do I have to sit like that? I’m not sure I bend that way.”
“Cross-legged is fine.” Silas took a chalk out of the bag. “Now, this is the rune for protection, for boundaries. We’ll start this with all the props. You draw a circle around yourself with chalk, and finish it off with this rune.” He demonstrated with a swift circle that could’ve been made by a compass, and then slowly drew a symbol that looked like a swirly padlock. “Your turn.”
Darien took the chalk and tried to do the same. His circle was more of an egg, and his padlock lopsided, but Silas said, “Not bad.”
Darien tried to pass the chalk back. His hand passed his own circle easily, and bumped up against Silas’s as if there was a sheet of glass there, knocking the chalk from his fingers. “Ouch. Damn it, you could’ve warned me.”
“Symbols and intent.” Silas rubbed a finger through his circle, reached out and took the chalk back. “What you do next is to call your power into the circle.”
“How?” Darien shifted uncomfortably. The floor was digging into his butt. “Abracadabra?”
“If you like.” Silas didn’t crack a smile. “Everyone’s symbols are a bit different, individualized over time. Yours…” His tone went cold. “If Crosby appeared, outside those doors. In moments he’ll be in here. Only that ward will keep him out of your body and your head. So you push power into it—”
A surge of remembered nausea and fear flooded Darien. He flinched, flicking a glance at the drapes, and shoved… something at the chalk circle around him. Glass walls, stone walls. He shut his eyes. Stone hadn’t saved them last time. Resilient steel walls.
“Darien. Darien! Dare, enough!”
Silas’s voice broke through and he opened his eyes. The room around him blurred and shimmered behind a thick gold curtain of light.
Silas knelt just behind the haze. “Ease down. Thin it, soften it. You don’t need that much power.”
Thin it? He realized he was dizzy, holding his breath, while the golden walls around him pulsed in time to his heartbeat.
“Crosby’s dead. Relax, Dare. We’re safe.”
He scuffed a foot forward, brushing through the chalk line, and the whole structure collapsed and vanished with a chime that rang in his head. “Ouch.” He grabbed for his temples.
“Headache?” Silas sat beside him and pulled him into a hug, pressing a kiss to his hair. “Sorry. I should’ve known you wouldn’t need that kind of push.”
The throbbing in his head eased. “What the fuck was that?”
“That was the strongest first try at a dome I’ve ever seen. Congratulations.”
“I— I did that? I did magic?”
Silas squeezed him and let go. “What do you call ripping ghosts out of your body?”
“Well, yeah, but that was your magic. I just borrowed it. This was…” He looked around the ordinary dusty room, with a bit of scrawled chalk. A shiver ran down his spine. “This felt real.”
“It was real. And we’re going to do it again. With a lot less power this time.”
Darien nodded. “Wait. Where does the power for this come from?” Am I making myself older every time I do it?
“It mostly comes from inside you, just like physical work. This kind of thing, shield walls, takes very little because it’s intrinsic to you. Even that display you put up was a tiny pull.”
“Of my lifespan?”
“Usually of last night’s dinner. But if you push beyond what your body and talent can power, you drain your life force. One of the reasons we don’t send messages by magic, or clean the house that way, is that it does demand energy.”
“No dusting by magic tornado?” he said, to cover his nerves.
“No. Sorcerers power their spells from their own strength, so they don’t waste them, but these are simple exercises, not much drain. And you need to learn to shield. You can’t live a long life if something eats you.”
“True that.” He sighed and pulled the rags of his determination together. “All right. Again?”
“With a lot less force. Pretend there’s a mosquito that wants to bite you. Wall that out.”
He spent the next hour building domes. Then learning to do it by imagining the lines, instead of drawing them. And then gradually pulling the walls in until they hugged his body, then tried to sink them into his skin.
That part was rough. Magic outside him was doable, cool even, once he got over worrying about powering it. But to let magic soak into his skin, get inside him, even his own magic… He flinched and dropped the shield again, the gold glitter running over his hands and gone.
Silas sighed. “Maybe time to stop. We’re both past our best.”
“I can try again.”
Silas grabbed his wrists, and he realized he’d been scrubbing his hands against each other, as if to scrub off the long-gone gold. “You need food and sleep or you will start doing damage. Time for a rest. Anyhow, you have a solid dome, and you’re getting fast at bringing it up. That’ll do in a pinch.” Silas squeezed his hands. “Best student I’ve had.”
I am not jealous of Silas’s past apprentices. Not. “How many is that?” leaked through his gritted teeth.
“Well, just one so far.” Silas grinned. “But I’m starting with the best.”
Darien snorted and stood, grabbing the desk for help like a crippled old man. “Oh Jesus, my hips, my ass. A pillow, Silas. That’s a simple answer.”
Silas stood, unfairly easily. “I’ll take it under advisement. Let’s get some food in you, before that nap we both need.”
He straightened his back, rubbing a fist against his spine. “So could I go out and rob a bank now, and not get shot?”
“Hardly. Personal shields stop magic, ghosts, demons, and objects of power, for as long as you can hold them. But not mundane folk, not ordinary objects, not bullets.” Silas caught the hem of his sweatshirt and tugged. “Remember that. A shield that could stop Crosby’s lightening wouldn’t have blocked a knife in the back. A spell might, but that’s a different thing. Magic’s a useful tool, but don’t rely on it too much.”
Well shit. He shuddered at a sudden thought. “What if he’d had a gun?”
Silas’s expression might be called a smirk. “Demons set off gunpowder if they get too close to it. Thank the gods or we’d all be lost.” He sobered. “They like knives and swords, though.”
Darien knuckled at his dry eyes. “Sounds complicated.”
“It’s a whole world for you to learn.” Silas put an arm around his shoulders, and Darien leaned on him
“A whole new fucking school. And I was so close to graduation.”
Silas’s chuckle vibrated against him. “Piece of cake for a student like you. Come on, let’s see if Grim’s left any food for the rest of us.”

* * * * *

Chapter 12
Silas pushed up on one elbow on the bed and looked down at Darien. He hated to wake him, but the sun was getting lower, and he wanted at least one more teaching session before their council meeting.
Darien lay sprawled, his sweatshirt bagged in wrinkles across his thin chest. He needs another good meal too. The impulse to kiss him, to start something now, in this private space in time, was strong but it faded, looking at the dark circles under Darien’s eyes. He’s still recovering. He’s off balance. It’s not right— not yet.
He eased out of bed and went into the bathroom. By the time he came out, Darien was sitting up, scrubbing a hand across his face. “What time is it?”
“Almost five. We slept for seven hours.”
“That’s a hell of a nap.” Darien tilted his head, looking Silas up and down, then rubbed his thumb across his lips and licked it. “So, we have two hours—”
“Less than. It’s a thirty-minute drive to the Guild hall. And we need to eat and dress and I have one more thing to teach you.”
“Ah.” The spark went out of Darien’s eyes. “Right. I’ll just go clean up.” He rose, brushed past Silas, and slammed the bathroom door.
Did he feel rejected? Should I say something? Silas set the problem of their non-sex-life aside. Survival first. Sex later.
Darien came back out with his hair damp and his head high. “How should I dress for this meeting?”
“As well as we can arrange. I’ll lend you something.” The council did like its prestige. “But first the lesson. And food.”
“In the study?”
“I can teach you this one here, I think.”
A hint of heat brightened Darien’s expression. “Bedroom lessons. I like it.”
How can I resist? Silas grabbed him and kissed him, fast but with intent. “We’ll plan to teach each other those later. Right now, this is about keeping council members’ hands off you.”
“Are you jealous, Silas?”
“No.” Yes. But that’s not the point. “If they touch your skin, they gain another route into your mind. Your shield dome will stop magical attacks, but touch is always a conduit.”
“Well, I don’t plan to get close to them.”
“There will be drinks and mingling first.”
“Seriously?” Darien stared at him. “You start important sorcerous meetings with cocktails?”
Silas felt his lip curl. “Oh, we’re very civilized about these things.”
“And they’ll try something?”
“Nothing big, not in public and around all the rest. But a little probe? Setting a little hook? Yes. Worthington most likely, Burns for sure. They’d call it ‘for the safety of the community with a new unknown apprentice’ but it would be for their own purposes.”
“So what do I do?” Darien looked determined.
“This is like the shields, after you stopped needing the circle. Magic and intent.” Silas drew a sigil in the air, the name of fire. It hung flame-bright for an instant, then faded. “Did you see that?”
“Yeah. I think so.” Darien traced the shape with a finger, pretty accurately. They’d found that his architecture-student sense of shape, structure, and function seemed to stand him in good stead for remembering runes.
“Looks good.” Silas traced it again. “Think it, imagine it in the air, with heat in it.”
“Can I use my finger again?”
“Carefully. And don’t push much power in it. Imagine a butterfly of fire, not a dragon. I don’t want the house burned down.”
“Butterfly flames. Got it.” Darien traced the rune, once, again, again, again, his nose wrinkled up and brow furrowed. A wash of helpless affection went through Silas. He tries so hard, after all that’s happened to him, being thrown in on the deep end. He was tempted to tell Darien he’d protect him, take care of him. But the best thing he could do for Darien was to teach him to take care of himself.
Silas felt the little pulse of power before a flicker of gold flamed around the shape Darien had traced, winked, and went out. “Excellent.”
“I can power it up a bit.”
“No. That’s perfect. What you want is a spark and a touch of heat. Even less than you just did. You do not want to set a member of the council on fire.”
“I can’t, can I? Won’t they be shielded?”
“Yes, but if they touch you to connect with you, they have to open up enough to allow it. I don’t think you can immolate them, even so, but you’re stronger than I realized. I don’t want to find out the hard way.”
Darien’s eyes glittered. “So what I’m aiming for is to give them a magical static shock?”
“Exactly. If you can manage a zap without so much as a burned finger, that’s perfect. Let’s try again, and go for more spark and less flame.”
Forty minutes later, Silas sucked a blistered fingertip and fended off Darien’s attempts to look at it. “I’m fine. I’ve gotten worse from Grim’s claws in a testy mood.”
“I’m sorry. It got away from me.”
“I shouldn’t have told you to pretend I was Ferngold.” Silas put his other hand on Darien’s arm. “And you’re getting tired. Control always slips when you’re tired. But you got it right before, and your shielding is great, especially for a novice. I’m impressed.”
He really was. Darien had taken to shielding like a duck to water, learning how to raise his dome without drawing an actual circle, how to thin or thicken the walls, and push them out, or suck them down to his skin. And he’d managed a nice little burn-free zap several times, before this last slip.
“We slept all night, and napped. I shouldn’t be this wiped.”
“You’re recovering. I am too, honestly. The power infusions you gave me were vital, lifesaving, but that battle took almost everything out of me.”
Darien gestured. “The bed’s right there. Will they take away my homosexual credentials if I say I wish I could just sleep with you some more? In the snoring and drooling sense?”
“I think they take them away if you drool.”
“Except over Paul Newman. Or Tony Curtis. That lower lip.”
“True.” Personally, Silas thought Darien’s mouth could give anyone a run for their money. “Sadly, it’s time to get dressed. Let’s see if we can find something you can wear.”
“Which means getting undressed…” Darien licked his own, perfectly curved lips.
“I think…” Silas moved behind Darien, tugging him to where he could wrap an arm around him. “I think we shouldn’t push this— between us— any further till after the meeting.”
“Spoilsport,” Darien muttered. “Why not?”
He tried to put his unease into words. “Those council members have a lot of years of watching others for their weaknesses and risks. When people are together, in the Biblical sense, there’s an energy link that forms. The way they act toward each other, the way they move in each other’s space, becomes different. I don’t want there to be anything for the council to use as a reason to take you away from me.”
“I thought you said as an adult my apprenticeship would be my choice.” Darien’s tone went sharper.
“But sodomy’s still illegal. They’re not above using coercion to get what they want. Let’s not put another weapon in their hands.”
Darien’s sigh shook his whole body. Silas wanted to echo it. It was the nineteen sixties. The lavender scare fifties paranoia should be behind them, but the laws were still on the books, still enforced, if less regularly. Still a club someone could use to beat gay men with, if they wanted to, and Burns would be happy to use it.
Darien bowed his head. “Right. Got it.”
Silas couldn’t resist kissing the back of his neck. “Not that I don’t want to commit a whole lot of delicious sodomy with you, dear boy. Just, not yet.”
“You know, you’re not making it easier to wait.” Darien squirmed. Silas didn’t think it was coincidence the motion rubbed Darien’s butt cheeks back against him.
“Control. This is all about control.” With an effort, he set Darien aside and went to his closet. He wanted to deck Darien out and make the others see him as a power to be reckoned with. Unfortunately, their height difference meant most of his clothes would make Darien look like a teen trying on his father’s suits. “I don’t suppose you can sew?” he asked, unhooking a pair of wool slacks that had become too tight. “Hems, at least?”
“Yeah, maybe. If you have thread.”
Do I have thread? He’d sent his clothes out for cleaning and mending for the last decade. Surely there might be some, somewhere in this mausoleum of odds and ends he’d inherited from his mentor’s best friend. “Ask Grim, he might know.”
“Might know what?” Grim asked, stalking into the room. “Are you done throwing fire around? We don’t have much time and we haven’t had dinner yet.”
“Food. Right.” He set the slacks on the bed. “Come on, Darien. Let’s get some calories into you. That’ll perk you up.”
“There’s stew in the freezer,” Grim said, tail twitching. “Nice, thick stew with beef and gravy. A cat could stand a hot meal before heading out in the cold.”
Silas was pleased to see Darien grin, and ask, “Is there enough for humans to have some too?” Watching his familiar and his… Darien tease each other was a good feeling.
“Might be.” Grim hooked the door open wider with one big paw. “Depends on how hungry I am.” He looked over his shoulder and yawned, showing off his pink mouth, and pointy fangs.
Darien’s laugh eased some of the building tension in Silas’s chest.
“Come on,” Silas agreed. “Can’t starve my familiar. It’s in the contract. Let’s go eat.”
***
Darien tugged irritably at the sleeves of his shirt as an actual butler removed his borrowed coat from his shoulders. The pins inside the cuffs of his shortened slacks snagged in his sock, and he tried to subtly shake the hem loose. The butler eased the coat down his arms as if he was wearing designer Pierre Cardin, instead of a no-name button-down with the cuffs turned up.
Beside him in the opulent foyer of the Guild hall, Silas waited his turn calmly, as if he got butlered every day. Darien said, “Thanks,” over his shoulder, and the butler inclined his head, turning to Silas. It was like some old-fashioned comedy of manners, with Darien as the little match boy.
Except after dealing with Silas’s overcoat, the butler went smoothly to one knee and asked Grim, “Would you like a warm towel for your paws, sir?”
Okay, not quite old-fashioned.
Grim shook one foot and said, “No. The steps were well-cleared.”
“My staff aims to please.” The butler stood. “If you gentlemen will come this way?”
Darien whispered to Silas as they followed the butler, “Does he know about—?” He gestured half a rune with a fingertip.
“Of course.” Silas gripped Darien’s elbow with icy fingers. “All the staff of the Guild hall are sorcerers in their own right. Protecting the premises and working in the Guild library are also their duties.”
And wiping cats’ paws? Darien let the question go as the butler swung open an impressively tall door and announced, “Necromancer Thornwood and guest,” to whomever was beyond.
Silas let go of Darien’s arm which was a relief to his elbow, but left him feeling unmoored. He made sure that he had a light shield raised, transparent but present, and followed Silas in.
Passing through the doorway rang a chime in his head that staggered him. He caught his balance on the doorframe. A tall, lean man across the room said, “Oh dear, the door wards do hit some people hard, until they’re recognized. You must be Silas’s boy. Do come in.”
Silas said, “Darien, this is Necromancer Worthington. Sir, my apprentice, Darien Green.”
Worthington’s dark brows drew together. “I thought he wasn’t anyone’s apprentice.”
“Not officially. But I’ve begun his instruction, and he’s proving an apt pupil.”
“One more thing to discuss, then,” Worthington said smoothly. “But first, come have a drink, and bring the young man to be introduced.”
Darien was offered a range of liquor and wine, and accepted a glass of something white, with no intention of drinking any of it. Napping and eating had given him a bit more energy, but he still felt logey. Although tripping over the line of dead rats Grim had left outside their bedroom door had been a wake-up call, of sorts. Silas had just told the cat “Thank you” and carried on, so Darien hadn’t inquired what kind of message that was.
After Worthington, he was introduced to Healer Snow, a plump woman with a mass of white hair and shrewd blue eyes. Her greyhound familiar sniffed Darien up and down thoroughly and muttered something about “run down,” which Darien wasn’t sure was a comment on his physical condition, or how easy he’d be to hunt.
Sorcerer Locke peered at him intently from under bushy gray eyebrows, bulky arms folded unwelcomingly across his chest. His familiar was a small owl, perched on his shoulder. The bird said nothing, but its head swiveled a hundred and eighty degrees to watch Darien as he was led off to meet Norgaard.
Unlike the rest, Norgaard gave Darien a little incline of his head and said, “Pleased to meet you.” At their feet, Grim bumped foreheads with a rangy black cat half his size, and the felines headed off to a corner of the room. Norgaard said to Silas, “We should give Mal and Grim more chances to get together.”
“Indeed. And you and I as well.”
Norgaard stuck out his hand, a gesture no one else in the room had bothered to offer. Silas clasped it, and an odd look came over his face.
Norgaard held his hand to Darien in turn. “Good to make your acquaintance, Green.”
An instant before his hand touched the sorcerer’s, Darien heard Grim hiss. Silas said nothing, but the very quality of his silence set Darien’s teeth on edge. Without planning to, he set off a little snap of spark between his fingers and Norgaard’s.
Norgaard yanked his hand back, just as Grim yowled and jumped at Mal. Locke cursed and gestured, and two spheres of energy slammed into place around the cats, separating them. Grim hissed and whirled to glare at them. “What have you done to Silas?”
Darien took a big step away from Norgaard, shoving more density into his shield, and powered up a fire rune with a lot more flame than spark. Norgaard raised both hands. “Now, take it easy. No one needs to get hurt.”
“What did you do to Silas?”
“He’s just in stasis for a moment.” A short, plump, good-looking man with dark hair graying at the temples came toward them from the back of the room. By elimination, he had to be Burns.
Darien backed up to put the wall behind him, and raised the burning rune. “Let him lose, or I’ll burn this place down.”
“Don’t be foolish. You don’t have that kind of power in here.” Burns gestured and Darien’s rune was doused as if shoved into water.
“Oh yeah?” Darien didn’t care how schoolyard that sounded. He shoved a lot more power into a fire rune and tossed it with a backspin that curved it around and up under Burns’s ass.
Burns yelped and turned and gestured, managing to extinguish it, although a faint scent of scorched wool said it’d been a close thing.
“How dare you!” Burns’s eyes bulged and he raised a hand.
Before he could launch anything Ferngold said, “Enough!” in a voice that echoed in Darien’s bones. It must’ve hit Burns too, because he glowered but lowered his hand.
Ferngold and Locke stood shoulder to shoulder. “We’re not having a battle in here over trivia.”
“What fucking trivia? Silas can’t move!” Darien gestured. “Grim’s locked up. Let them go.”
Ferngold turned to Grim. “If we release you, do you agree not to attack anyone.”
Grim’s rising yowl didn’t sound like a promise, and Ferngold sighed.
“At least let Silas talk,” Darien said. It wasn’t enough, but seeing Silas stand there, unable to defend himself, made it hard to even think. He’s good with words.
Ferngold nodded to Norgaard, who hesitated for several heartbeats, then made a gesture.
Silas drew a visible breath, gave Norgaard a glare that held a world of menace in it, and said, “What is the meaning of this? I’m here as your invited guest.” He moved his head side to side as if testing his limits, but nothing below his neck so much as twitched.
“You have to understand—” Locke began.
“Understand what? I’ve been attacked in the Guild hall and you’re all standing around doing nothing about it.”
“We agreed on this course of action.” Snow’s tone was cool and objective. “Serious accusations have been raised about you that must be addressed.”
Darien’s gut turned to water. Are they that narrowminded? They’d tie Silas up in spells just for being gay? Part of him whispered, We’ve barely touched each other yet. I had such hopes. It’s not fair!
“What accusations?” Silas didn’t even glance his way.
Locke said, “Norgaard and Burns did a preliminary inventory of Michael Crosby’s house. They found no evidence of a demon, or the kind of residue that possession leaves behind. Crosby is missing, and your claim to have killed him while he was possessed is very suspect.”
“Suspect?” Silas visibly gritted his teeth. “What’s suspect is your investigators’ skills. Crosby was possessed, and from the rags remaining of his personality, not recently. There have to be indications somewhere. Maybe he wasn’t using his house anymore. He may have another property somewhere. It’s your job to discover these things.”
“You must understand,” Locke said. “You’re accusing a council member of raising a demon, with no evidence, against the word of two more of the council, and the man isn’t here to defend himself. We take that very seriously.”
Darien broke in, “Why don’t you ask me, then? I was there. Crosby was scary as shit. He wanted to eat me.”
Burns’s lip rose in a sneer. “Demons don’t eat people.”
“Metaphorically, you pudgy rat!”
Darien relished Burns’s flinch and the darkening of his face.
But Silas said, “Darien, easy,” and jerked his chin up at Locke, his hands still frozen in place. “Ask Grim, then.”
“He’s your familiar.”
“If you think he’d lie about demons, you don’t know Grim.”
The fox at Burns’s heels laughed. “Familiars lie. Ask me how I know.”
Locke raised a hand. “We’re getting off track. The point is, Thornwood, we want you to let us put a truth spell on you and Green. We want to believe you, but you see how bad it looks. We swear to ask about nothing outside of the last three days.”
“No chance,” Silas snapped, then an odd look came over his face. He tipped his chin up and sniffed, licked his lips, took a breath. “Wait. I’ll agree, if Burns agrees to do the exact same thing first. The last three days. Truth spell. Locke and Ferngold in charge.”
Locke and Ferngold exchanged looks. “I suppose if that’s what it takes—”
“No!” Burns probably meant to sound firm, but Darien caught a hint of a higher pitch in his voice. “I’ve done nothing wrong. There’s no reason for me to be subjected to that, just to get Thornwood to do his duty. There are six of us here. We can force the truth spell on him, if he doesn’t agree.”
Ferngold said, “I’m not sure even the six of us could achieve that, without breaking his mind.”
“What are you afraid of, Burns?” Silas murmured, almost under his breath. “What did you really find at Crosby’s house? What don’t you want revealed?”
“Now you’re accusing another council member of what?” Burns crossed his arms. “Lying? There was no demon taint in Crosby’s house. Norgaard will confirm that.”
“There was no demon taint,” Norgaard said stiffly.
Silas nodded slowly. “Then why do I smell it now, in this room?”
“You’re delusional,” Burns sneered. “You’ve hated Crosby since he turned down your pathetic seduction attempt— oh yes, I know about that. Filthy queer you were even then, trying to turn a good man.”
“If that was true, why didn’t he report me to the council?” Silas said. “If it was my idea, not his hands on me.”
“He felt sorry for you, you pathetic little man, a pervert and twisted to boot—”
“Enough!” That hammer blow of command from Ferngold shut Burns up. Ferngold looked back and forth between Silas and Burns. The silence in the room grew heavy. Darien could hear the clock on the mantel ticking.

* * * * *

Chapter 13
Stupid, stupid, stupid. Silas fought to keep his face impassive while he envisioned runes and tried to power them, looking for a chink in the bonds Norgaard had laid on him. He’d told Darien not to allow even an instant of skin on skin, and then given his bare hand to Norgaard. To a friend. He was a friend.
It had taken him longer than it should’ve, in his fear for Darien, to notice the faint thread of hell-power, and search wider in the room. He’d seen nothing in Norgaard’s eyes, in his voice, but he had to be involved. Silas wanted to dive into his Othersense and confirm where the other taint was coming from, but the bonds constrained his magic. Logic said it had to be Burns. Two men had gone to Crosby’s. Two men had come back and testified there was nothing wrong there, and at least one of them was demon tainted.
Burns and Norgaard. Are they working together? It was almost unheard of for two demons to do so without clashing, but with a common goal, for an hour or a day? What kind of hell gate did Crosby open? Norry, old friend, what happened?
Silas pictured a more elaborate unlocking rune and found a trickle of his lifeforce he could direct into it. The bonds imprisoning him shuddered but held. Norgaard had always been good at spellcraft.
Ferngold’s attention shifted to Darien. “Perhaps we should put the truth spell on this young man? That might solve our problem.”
“No!” Silas managed to shake the room with his voice, even without Ferngold’s power. “He’s my apprentice and I forbid it. Burns and then me.”
“Forbid it why?” Burns’s tone went silky. “Is he your latest conquest, spreading his legs for you—?”
“Burns!” Ferngold’s face was red. “You will immediately cease these distasteful insinuations.”
“No,” Silas said firmly. “I forbid it because he carried ghosts for months, and now his mind is finally his own. No one, not even the council, will force him to go through that again.”
“True,” Susan Snow put in. “It could be damaging to him. Really, I don’t see what Burns is making such a fuss about. Ferngold, you can promise to ask nothing more than what he found in Crosby’s house. That would settle the question nicely.”
Burns took a step back. “I’m not the one accused—”
“Well, if it takes an accusation then I’ll make one,” Worthington said. “Because Silas is right. Something in this room stinks.”
Burns’s eyes flickered back and forth between the council members. “I’m not staying here to be insulted.” He whirled and strode toward the door.
“Stop!” Ferngold threw some kind of restraint spell at Burns but it hit Burns’s shields and splashed off. In the places where it hit, a faint smoke arose, acrid with hellfire. Burns turned to face them, hands raised. Silas saw the moment everyone in the room realized a demon was among them.
Worthington opened his mouth and Norgaard tackled him, crashing to the floor, while Burns’s fox leaped up at Ferngold. Personal shields slammed high, bright and shimmering around each sorcerer.
“Darien! Get away from him!” Silas threw everything he had at the bonds around him, feeling them loosening now Norgaard was distracted. Darien was closest to Burns, between him and the door. At least Darien’s shield was up and dense, gleaming gold.
The demon began boiling up out of Burns’s body, thick smoke lit by balefire. Someone behind Silas threw a bolt at it, which it batted aside with ease, scorching a hole in the rug. A crossfire of spells met, trying to enclose the demon, interfering with each other. The demon lashed out, white lightning passing near enough to crisp Silas’s hair, striking someone’s shields behind him.
The reek of burned hair hit Silas’s nose. I don’t have proper shields! Norgaard’s bonds blocked that power too. He fought wildly now, forming runes in his head, pushing his meager thread of force till he had spots before his eyes and the world dimmed. Susan’s voice rang out. “He’s heading for the door. Don’t let him get loose!”
There were sizzles and cracks and the smell of burned wool, then suddenly silence.
Silas stopped fighting, blinking his eyes. Darien! His breath caught as he saw Darien standing unshielded, both fists thrust out in front of him. Beyond his hands, the gold dome of Darien’s shields stood like an overturned teacup, with just hints of Burns and the demon visible through the sparking, swirling power of the shield walls. A flash of lightning inside rocked Darien, but the walls held.
“What did you do?” Silas gasped. No! Protect yourself! Except those walls were containing the demon. For now.
“I inverted it.” There was a lot of strain in Darien’s voice. “But it’s not going to last forever. I assume you wizardly folk can figure out what to do when I let go?”
“That’s a necromancer’s job,” Ferngold said. “Worthington?”
“He’s out cold, I’m afraid.” Susan Snow bent over Worthington, then turned to Norgaard who sat with his hands gripping his head like it might fall off. “Norry?”
“Don’t touch him!” Silas warned her. “He’s tainted.” Or worse.
“Not anymore. Burns was holding me.” Norgaard dropped his hands to reveal haunted eyes. “Silas, I’m so sorry—”
“Let me loose, dammit!”
Norgaard lifted a hand, and the bonds holding Silas dropped so abruptly he went to one knee on the carpet.
He struggled to his feet, shaking out his numb fingers and pulling up his best rune structure in his mind. Darien was standing frozen, sweat running down his face. His eyes were fixed on the golden dome of energy trapping Burns and his demon, its walls flickering with the power the demon was throwing at it.
Ferngold muttered, “How’s he doing that? You can’t invert shields.”
“Shut up!” Silas snapped. Power and intent, and confidence. The last thing Darien needed right now was his certainty shaken.
He moved up beside Darien, who muttered, “I hope you have a plan.”
“Yes.” His turn to pretend confidence, even though he wasn’t sure how it would go. “I’m going to build my containment structure around yours. Then when I’m ready, you take yours down, and mine should hold them.” I hope. My luck can’t be bad enough to run into two high-power demons in one week.
“Now would be good.” The tendons in Darien’s neck stood out with the strain. Damp circles were beginning to soak his shirt under the arms.
Now. Silas wove his containment runes quickly, adding in the thrice-circled wall and reinforced lock he’d used for Azimothandurin. He paused, sucked in air, and breathed power into the structure, his hand out to control it. His green walls sprung up around Darien’s.
For a moment the double dome hung there, the gold shining through the green. Darien grated through clenched teeth, “Gonna lose mine.”
“Slowly, if you can. No rebound. Let it go easy.”
“Arrrgh.” Darien lowered his closed fists and slowly eased his fingers open. The gold faded, spread, and then merged seamlessly into Silas’s walls.
Silas’s walls lit bright, like adding a hit of AC current to a battery-powered light. That warm energy was familiar, simple, useful. Silas’s spellwork absorbed it, used it, shining stronger than before. Darien dropped to the floor with a thump. Silas didn’t dare look away from his construct. He was relieved to hear a mutter of “Ow, my ass. Fuck.” If Darien was swearing, he wasn’t that bad off.
Silas wrestled with the containment, as the demon inside sent little blasts of energy against him. He realized to his relief that this demon was no challenge. Three syllables at most. He thinned his wall enough to see Burns. The demon had slipped back into his skin, but a swirl of smoke lingered in his hair.
Ferngold demanded, “Burns! What is the meaning of this?”
Silas couldn’t help a bitter laugh. “It seems our council has a demon problem.”
“That’s not helpful,” Ferngold snapped. “I want to know what’s going on. Why didn’t Worthington notice anything amiss?”
“I can answer that,” Norgaard said from somewhere behind Silas. Silas couldn’t look back, but he hoped that Locke or someone had a good hold on his ex-friend. “We went to look at Crosby’s house this afternoon. The cellar stank of brimstone, and there was a demon circle carved deep into the stone. It appeared he’d filled it with blood—”
“Not human blood, I hope,” Ferngold exclaimed.
Locke said, “Though if he did, the resonances of that might explain the power of the demon Silas says he obtained—”
“Academics later, info now,” Silas snapped. “This demon may be a weakling, but I still can’t hold it forever.”
“Who are you calling names?” Burns asked, his voice taking on the overtones of demon control. “I’ll have you yet and eat your liver for breakfast.”
Silas closed his hand partway in response and the demon hissed as the green walls touched Burns’s skin.
Norgaard said, “We went looking for his notes and books, to bring them back for examination and destruction. Burns said he’d been making a study of demon lore, and he recognized some of the texts as dangerous, so we separated those out to bring back first. Behind one of those books, there was a glass bottle of an unusual design. Burns picked it up to look at it and said there was something in it, something moving. I suggested we bring it along for examination here.”
“Quite right,” Locke said.
Inside Silas’s walls, the demon laughed silently.
“I thought so, but Burns said he was curious. He set up a containment spell and pulled the cork. I don’t know if the spell was faulty, or just not strong enough. The demon came billowing out of the bottle and right into Burns and he grabbed me. Before I could get loose and get shields up, he— it— they caught me with a puppet spell. Reeled me in, controlled my every move. Mother of God. There was nothing I could do!”
Silas gave the demon an extra squeeze, for the raw pain in Norry’s voice. Puppet spells— controlling another man’s body and voice— were among the vilest of dark arts. “Then they brought you here with them? Why would a demon walk boldly right into the Guild’s own hall?”
Norgaard said, “He wanted you. He was… almost crazed about it. He chose a lie to get Ferngold to try to truth-spell you, and used me to trap you for it. Either you’d fight back and be taken down, or you’d resist the truth spell till your mind broke. The demon was new in Burns, and hadn’t tainted him visibly yet. It thought it could stay hidden and see you gone.”
“Why not wait till another day?” Silas asked. “I trusted you in my home. A simple knife blow I didn’t see coming would’ve done it, and no one would’ve suspected you.”
“It wanted to stop you immediately, before you told the council how you contained a six-syllable demon.”
Silas snorted. “Well, now I can demonstrate my technique. Ferngold, anything else you want to ask?”
Locke said, “I’m fascinated with that bottle. I’ve never heard of such a thing. How long were you trapped in there, demon? How was that done?”
Burns laughed. “You think I’m going to tell—” Abruptly he threw a blast of power at the front of the containment.
Silas caught the hit and absorbed it, echoes of Darien’s power still buoying up his own, making it easy to hold on. “Can I send this piece of filth back where it came from?”
Locke said, “But—”
Ferngold said, “You can’t trust anything you get out of a demon. Do it, Thornwood.”
“Wait!” Burns held up his hands. “Help me! Help me get rid of it, and I’ll tell you everything. Drive it out of me, and I’ll explain all the secrets I learned from Crosby.”
“I’m sorry, Harold,” Ferngold said. “You know that’s not possible. But if you can fight it off long enough to tell us something useful, you can still go out a hero.”
Burns laughed bitterly. Silas wasn’t sure if that was the man or the demon. “I’ll fry your liver and feed it to you!” Okay, probably the demon. Although not necessarily.
He closed his hand slowly, compressing the space around the demon. After Azimothandurin, this felt like a cakewalk, although he knew he’d pay for the power use later. Burns fought, then pleaded. As the walls touched him, the demon emerged, hissing and clawing like a cat, the ice-heat of its claws like sharp needle pricks inside Silas’s fist.
He stopped, gathering his anger and his compassion for what needed to come next. A tendril from his walls reached out, circled Burns’s neck, and yanked. Burns’s body dropped limply to the green-iced carpet.
“Silas!”
He ignored Darien’s horrified exclamation and tweaked the runes to thin the worlds-barrier. He yanked another rune, and a tendril lashed out around the demon. “Give me your name.”
The demon shrieked and scrabbled at the tendril, trying to dig claws in, but the spell was built for this. It tightened.
Silas said, “Tell me your name, I compel you.”
The demon fought, wrestling with the control and the compulsion. Silas opened his power up another notch, and the demon gasped, “Zarimond.”
Yes. Silas tweaked again, and the thin spot between worlds ruptured, opening a hellgate across the containment. “By your name, Zarimond, I banish you.” He worked the name into the walls, not flinching as the balefire licked at them. Closing his hand was hard work, but like squeezing a lemon, not a stone. Slowly his fingers came together. The demon was forced back, licked by the flames.
It opened its mouth, for an offer or a curse— he wasn’t sure and didn’t care. With a last effort he slammed his fist shut. The gate irised closed, sucking Burns’s body with it in the final collapse, leaving a smoking hole in the carpet. The backlash slammed Silas down to the floor.
Then the room went still, silent but for several people’s harsh breathing and the ticking of the mantel clock. Silas rolled over on his back and turned his head to look for Darien. He found him sitting, a fist pressed to his lips, eyes wide. He’s all right. The relief made him close his eyes for a moment.
Then, rolling his head the other way, he said, “Will someone let go of my damned cat!”
“Sorry.” Locke gestured and the containment around Grim and Mal vanished.
The two cats looked at each other, then Grim trotted over to swat at Silas with one big paw. “Falling for the old ‘shake my hand’ trick. How old are you again?”
Silas rubbed Grim’s cheek. The fact that he got a purr rather than another swat said something about how worried Grim had been. “Sorry.”
“It wasn’t his fault,” Norgaard said. “It was mine. I let Burns trap me, much the same way and with less excuse.”
Susan Snow said, “We can assign blame later. I’ve brought Worthington around, but he needs a bed and rest. Silas, do you need attention?”
“No. I’ll be fine.” He thought about sitting up to prove it, then decided that lying on the carpet was good for a few more minutes.
Locke said, “Norgaard, after we make sure you’re free of demon taint, I have a dozen questions for you. You will accept a truth spell.”
“Yes, of course.” Norry sounded exhausted, but Silas couldn’t hear any demon harmonics in his voice.
He sniffed the air, but there was enough brimstone floating around to mask anything. He roused himself enough to say, “Crosby’s house should be locked up securely until we can go through it properly. I suggest Worthington as part of the team, to have the most warning if anything dangerous remains.”
“And you, of course,” Locke said.
He thought about refusing, but if there were other captive demons, he’d rather find them in situ than inside another friend, or even enemy. “All right, yes. Not tonight. Or tomorrow.”
Ferngold said, “You’ve earned a rest, of course. But we still want to know the details of those runes you used. If another demon was willing to risk capture to keep us from finding out, there must be something highly useful there.”
“Tomorrow.” He waved a vague hand at Ferngold. “Ask me tomorrow. Lateish. Not at seven again.”
Susan Snow said, “Locke, help me get Worthington upstairs. I’ll tend him here tonight.”
Silas heard scuffling, and Worthington’s grunts as they helped him out. He realized his eyes had closed. Someone came near, and he recognized Darien by his sounds and his smell and his presence. Darien. He jumped when something stung his ear. Struggling up, he accepted Darien’s arm supporting his back while he rubbed at his earlobe. “What did you do that for?”
“You can’t sleep here. For one thing, it reeks of smoke. For another, I don’t trust this bunch further than I can throw them.”
“Now young man—” Ferngold began.
“He’s right.” Silas took a breath and pushed to his feet. “We’re going home. After I…” He walked unsteadily over to where Norgaard sat hunched over, his familiar standing in front of him.
“Don’t you dare hurt him,” Mal said as Silas approached, the hair on her back standing on end.
“I won’t. I just need to be sure.”
“Stand down, Mal.” Norry’s voice sounded like it was coming from the bottom of a well. “He more than has the right.” He got up and spread his arms wide. “Whatever you need Silas. I’m so sorry.”
“Just shut up.” Silas dug deep for the dregs of his power and touched two fingers to Norry’s wrist. His sniffer spell went zipping through Norgaard, hunting demons, hunting… Silas pulled the spell back and dropped the contact, turning to Ferngold. “Just a smirch, like standing too close to a fire. He’s all yours.”
He knew he should say something comforting to Norgaard. Being forced to turn on a friend had to be horrifying. But his soul still echoed with the memory of being bound, frozen, useless while Darien faced a demon. Be the better man. He managed, “Take care of him, Ferngold. He’s a good man. Get Susan for him, maybe?”
“I’ll do that.” Fernwood cleared his throat. “Would you like one of the staff to give you a ride home?”
Silas was in no shape to drive. “Darien, do you have a clear head and a valid license?”
“Hell, yeah,” Darien said. “Let’s blow this joint.” Grim gave a brief yip of agreement.
“Then no. Thank you.”
“Wait. This first.” Fernwood came to him and sketched a rune of power transfer in the air. “We owe you. All of us. The least I can do is offer something to get you home.”
Do I trust him enough for that? He shook his head.
Ferngold looked offended, but Locke moved up beside him. “From me, perhaps?”
Locke might be a stuffy academic, but he was known for his honor. Silas still thought about refusing, on principle. But the other, better principle was never turn down clean power you might need. When Locke raised his own transfer rune, Silas sketched a rune of acceptance, and maneuvered it to match up. They each adjusted, getting the runes to line up, linking them. Then a rush of cool power flowed into him. It wasn’t Darien’s warm gold, and it was a trickle, compared to the flow of Darien’s gift. But it cleared his head enough to feel steady as he nodded to Locke, pulled the big door open, and stepped out of the room.
Several of the Guild staff were gathered in the foyer, staring at him as he emerged. “Mr. Thornwood,” Jarvis said. “What’s the trouble? Can we help?”
“It’s over now. You can get us our coats.” He gestured at Darien behind him, and added, “Did someone see that Miss Snow has everything she needs upstairs?”
“Yes sir. Mary’s with her. But… in there?” Jarvis pointed through the doors.
“Mr. Ferngold will let you know,” Silas said. A wobbly chuckle fought its way loose. “A new carpet, at least. Maybe a bookcase.”
Jarvis gave him an odd look. “I’ll ask Mr. Ferngold. Let me get your coat, sir.”
He didn’t remember putting it on. Maybe Jarvis did it for him. The next awareness he had was of sitting in the passenger seat, Grim heavy in his lap, as Darien drove them through quiet winter streets.
“Well,” he said with an effort, “You made an impression on the council. And they didn’t stop you leaving with me. So I’m calling it a win.”
“We set fire to the Guild hall carpet, killed a member of the council, and damaged some very expensive-looking books. That’s a win?”
“The demon did those things.” He shivered, remembering the blast that fried his hair, and Darien unshielded, facing the demon’s power. “We survived. We walked out the front door together. Hell, yes, it’s a win.”
Darien was silent for a moment, then asked in a low voice, “Why’d you kill Burns?”
“It was a mercy.” He didn’t want to talk about it, except Darien should know. “When the hellgate closes, everything in the containment is going to get sucked through. The hells are populated by demons. I wouldn’t want my worst enemy to be sucked through alive.” Burns had been ambitious and foolish and callous, even before the demon, but whatever his crimes, he didn’t deserve that.
“Oh.” After another block, Darien took a hand off the wheel to place it warmly on Silas’s knee. He didn’t object. He also didn’t complain when Grim bumped under his chin with his hard, furry head, purring softly.
There’d been a lot of possible ways for that meeting to end, once demons were in the mix. Whatever he’d had to do, going home safely, with Darien and Grim beside him, was all he would’ve asked for.

* * * * *

Chapter 14
Darien woke to a bop on the nose from something indescribable. He sat up in bed, flailing, and whacked a loaf of bread still in its wrapper to the floor. Sharp claws dug through the blankets to prick his knee.
“That’s the thanks I get for bringing you breakfast?” Grim sat on Darien’s legs, a heavier weight than any cat should be, and glared at him.
Beside Darien, Silas snuffled, and opened his eyes, dragging himself up sitting and stuffing a pillow behind his back. “Bread? For us? Grim, you shouldn’t have.”
Grim snorted. “I didn’t want you two dying of hunger. I’m reminded there are worse masters.”
The events of the night before came cascading back and Darien fisted the sheets, holding tight as dizziness rocked him. “That… happened?”
“It did.” Silas reached over the side of the bed for the bread. “In fact, food’s a good idea.” He unwrapped it and held out a slice. “Eat something.”
Darien took it and stuffed his mouth full, because chewing was easier than talking right now. The first swallow made his hunger roar up with a vengeance and he shoved the rest in and reached for another slice.
Silas took slow bites of his.
Grim said, “Well, that was an exciting night. I told you Burns was slimy.”
“It wasn’t news.” Silas sighed. “Ferngold offered me Burns’s place on the council.”
Around more bread, Darien said, “That’s what the phone call was last night?” They’d arrived home, ready to collapse into bed, and then Silas had been called away by the ringing of the phone. After a few minutes he’d told Darien to go up and lie down, not wait for him. Darien had climbed the stairs, peed, stripped to his shorts, and been out like a light, didn’t even remember Silas coming to bed.
Silas nodded. “Among other things. Yes. They had a long interview with poor Norry under a truth spell.”
“Poor Norry? He trapped you, almost got you killed.”
Silas shot him a hard look. “Being puppeted is one of the worst experiences there is. Some people’s minds don’t come back from it. Imagine if that boat ghost had the power to move your limbs and control your words.”
Darien shuddered at the image. “Yeah, okay. What did they learn?”
“Apparently once Burns had Norry puppet-controlled, he wasn’t careful about what he revealed. He’d been under Crosby’s influence for a long time. Crosby had promised him a demon of his own to use. Of course, Burns thought Crosby was controlling his demon and using it, when in fact it was the other way around. That demon in the bottle was his reward, waiting, if he helped Crosby enough.”
“Some reward.”
“He thought it would be a slave, a power source. When I destroyed Crosby, Burns managed to convince Ferngold that he and Norry should be the ones to check the house. What he wanted was the bottle and its passenger. He was impatient, opened it with the containment spell Crosby had given him. Except it was the spell Crosby’s demon had given him.”
“Shit. So it didn’t stop the demon.”
“No. And if they’d hidden and worked on integrating and scheming, we’d have been in trouble again. But Burns was furious and scared that I’d managed to beat his hero and a demon that powerful, and his demon was caught by that same fear. He wanted me silenced, and didn’t want me to have a chance to give Worthington any secrets I might’ve come up with.”
“I’m surprised they didn’t just blow up your car or something.” Darien shivered, realizing how close it’d been. They could have killed him a hundred ways, a bullet, a knife, a fatal crash. He reached out and grabbed Silas’s hand before realizing it.
Silas didn’t make fun of him, just squeezed back hard, before letting go. “If they’d had more time, I’m sure they might’ve tied something. Not explosives, but something. But they only finished with the house right before the meeting. And Burns didn’t want to expose himself or Norgaard by attacking me directly. He thought if he could accuse me of something bad enough to make Fernwood press home about spelling my mind, I’d fight back— which is only true. If he could convince them to force me, I’d be damaged or destroyed without it seeming to be about him, and my secret would go with me.”
“Twisted bastard.”
“Consorting with demons will do that. Although admittedly, he’s been a bit crooked for a long time.” Silas shook like a wet dog shedding water. “Enough about Burns. He leaves a bad taste in my mouth.”
“Eat some bread.” Darien passed him another slice.
Silas nodded. “Thank you.”
“Thank you, Grim,” the cat said. “Why am I not hearing that?”
“Thank you, Grim.” Silas reached out and touched the cat’s cheek. “Are you well? And Mal?”
Grim’s eyes dimmed. “She’s shaken. She hadn’t gone to Crosby’s, just knew there was something wrong with Norgaard when he returned, but not what. That’s what she drew me off to talk about. Then when he spelled you, I thought she’d lured me away so I couldn’t protect you, and I jumped her. But we’ve made our peace.”
“What about that fox?” Darien remembered. “Didn’t Burns have one? It said something about lies.”
“He was pulled back.” Grim raised his chin. “We familiars come from an Otherworld, and when our sorcerer dies, we may wander looking for a replacement, or we may get sucked back from whence we came. No one ever knows which.”
The bleakness of his tone bothered Darien. Were you wandering once? Or sucked home? He said, “Whence? You’ve been hanging around Silas too long.”
Grim’s eyes lightened. “He is an awful influence. And slow to produce tuna.”
“I’ll feed you soon, cat,” Silas promised. “All the tuna you can eat. Right now, I want to have a discussion with Darien.”
Grim stood, tail flicking. “I know what kind of discussion you plan to have. Don’t use up so much energy you die of hunger. I’ll be downstairs where it’s quiet waiting for my breakfast.” He jumped down from the bed, paws heavy on the wood floor, and stalked out.
Silas set the loaf of bread aside and turned to Darien.
Who suddenly wanted to postpone the heavy conversation, where Silas would say “it’s been fun but now the demons are defeated and we can’t keep doing this.” Or maybe he wouldn’t, but Darien wasn’t ready to take that chance. “Will you accept that council spot?” he asked.
“Hells, no. I’m no politician. I recommended Joanna Spry, if they can get her to move here. She’s another necromancer, which looks like a good thing to have on hand there. Twenty years older than me, a very level head. Not a lot of power, but sharp as a whip.”
“Will they take your advice?”
“Who knows. Not my problem.” Silas reached for Darien’s hand. “So—”
“That shield inversion thing was neat, huh?” he rushed on. “Ferngold seemed impressed.”
“Puzzled, more like. It’s not a known technique. I don’t know why the shield didn’t break.”
“Well, I made the walls resilient, yeah? Not brittle. Like a rubber-steel dome with the inside connected to my magic, and the outside a protective barrier. So I figured it’s like turning the finger of a glove inside out. Flip it, and the protective barrier is on the inside, containing, and the responsive part is on the outside where I can control it.”
“You figured.”
“Yeah.” Darien swallowed, realizing it’d maybe been a bit risky to apply engineering principles to a magical construct. “Anyhow, it worked.”
“It did. And you’ll likely get asked to demonstrate it again. Although leaving yourself bare of shields made my heart stop.”
“Oh?” That sounded promising.
“Yeah.” Silas caught up his hand again. “But right now, I want to talk about us.”
“Is there an us?” His voice came out thinner than he wanted it.
“I hope so. I think so.” Silas raised Darien’s hand and actually kissed the back of his fingers. “I feel this… this connection to you, and it’s not just about your pretty mouth and skinny ass and courage under fire and that lovely glow of power in you. It’s about how you fit, next to me.”
“Oh.” Dammit, I’m so articulate today. “Yeah, I feel that too.”
“I wasn’t looking for a partner, but that’s what I see in you.”
“Even though I seem to be stuck in this old body—”
Silas hushed him with a finger to his lips. “Not old. Very desirable. Stunning.”
Darien blinked hard, trying to stay calm because they almost died and here he was whining about a few frown wrinkles. “I won’t ever look like I did before, will I?”
“Probably not,” Silas said softly. “But I want the man you are, not the boy you looked like.”
Guys liked the way I looked. Young and smooth and—
Silas squeezed his fingers. “You don’t wish I looked like I was twenty-one, do you?”
“No. Of course not.” Silas’s settled confidence was part of his appeal. “But that’s different.”
“I know it is. I wish I could give you back those years. But their loss doesn’t change how much I want you.”
Darien’s throat closed up. He flicked his free hand. Enough. Move on.
Silas must’ve got the message, because he said, “Of course, it’s not easy, being two men together. What we do in this bed is technically illegal. That’s a risk, a weakness, if someone wants to harm us.”
“Like you can’t deal with ordinary laws,” Darien scoffed. “Like Grim would let anyone arrest us.”
Silas’s lips twitched, but he said, “It’s still a consideration.”
“Not much of one. Anyway, I’m gay. If it’s not you, I’ll be with some other man.”
Silas’s grip almost broke Darien’s fingers. “I’d rather you didn’t.”
“I’d rather I didn’t too. And I need that hand.”
“Oh. Sorry.” Silas eased his hold. He began planting kisses across Darien’s knuckles. “So, you’re willing to… try this out? To stay with me? Please?”
The power of having this man beg him was like a rush of fire through Darien. “I might. On one condition.”
Silas looked up, gray eyes dark and deep. “What?’
“Quit wasting those kisses on my fingers and get up here.” Darien tapped his lips.
Silas surged over him, a tidal wave of weight and warmth, mouth landing on his, parting his lips, demanding surrender. Darien fell back on the pillows with Silas on top of him and welcomed the kiss. Silas’s tongue stroked his, teeth nipped his lip, breath mingled, hot and needy.
Darien shoved a hand down the back of Silas’s absurd pajama pants. “Get these off.”
“Patience, dear boy.” Silas sucked roughly on his neck, no doubt dragging up a hickey under Darien’s chin.
The one kind of mark I have no objection to. But he writhed under Silas’s weight, working his own shorts down. “Patience later. Naked now.” He arched, rubbing their groins together, feeling Silas as hard as he was.
“Slow down! Don’t know if I have the energy for two rounds.” Silas groaned.
“So one round, then breakfast, then we go back to bed.” Darien cupped Silas’s head against him, feeling a mix of wanton and tender that lifted him high as helium. He bucked his hips up, relishing the solid weight over him.
From below, the questing howl of a cat made them both laugh, shaking their bodies together. Silas said, “That’s all Grim will allow us anyway.”
Darien grabbed him and held him for a demanding kiss. “Then make this one count. I want you.” I love you. Too soon, of course, too much, but as Silas gave in, shoving his cotton pants off, all that long elegance draped heavily over Darien, he thought it might not be long before the time was right.
Then he stopped thinking, and lost himself in “Ah” and “Yes” and “Harder, dammit” until the blood roared in his ears. If Grim made any more noise, neither of them could hear it.
***
Downstairs, Grim popped the fridge door open and hooked the bottle of cream out onto the floor, cushioning its fall with his chest. It cracked, just enough to leak a tasty puddle on the tile. From the sounds overhead, it’d be a while before anyone saw to his comfort.
As it should be. His foresight was a fickle thing, coming and going, sometimes hard to interpret. But since Darien had arrived, past hints had grown clearer. It was these two men he’d once seen wrapped up together in the big bed, Darien who’d been the figure at Silas’s side in other visions as they fought, and loved, and grew older together.
Of course, he’d seen other futures where they never met. He’d seen Silas die at Azimothandurin’s hands, alone. True sight was a kaleidoscope and the future was never fixed, until it went past. Growing old together wasn’t guaranteed.
Grim shivered, and gave his shoulder a quick reassuring lick, before settling into a crouch over his cream. The worst of those early visions had popped like soap bubbles. Azimothandurin was banished. His two men were together now. If all went well, they were on their way to the best moments he’d seen.
Human love. Such a fragile, powerful thing, to affect the turning of the world.
A hoarse shout from overhead made him flick his ears.
And so messy, and foolish, and loud.
Grim finished off the spilled treat, licked his whiskers clean, and trotted off to find another plump rat or two to lay at the bedroom door. Just so his men would know better than to take him for granted. Life at their side wasn’t ever going to be boring, and he’d be a partner in their adventures, if he had anything to say about it.
Which he did. Footsteps silent, body not disturbing the air as he passed, as only a magic cat could, Grim headed out to patrol their domain.

#######

Excerpt from Powered by Ghosts
(Necromancer Book 2, coming November 2020)
Chapter 1
The spell-structure Darien Green had been building collapsed with a sound like breaking glass. The power rebound made him yip in pain and grab his head.
From the doorway, a high, amused voice said, “What do you call that one? London Bridge?”
He whirled. “Grim! Dammit.”
His mentor’s big tabby cat familiar swiped a paw across the floor, where a faint shimmer of power lingered, then inspected his spread pads. “I’d say you damned it thoroughly yourself.”
Darien snorted and pushed up off the polished floor of the study. “It was an experiment.”
“Does Silas know you’re playing around with power while he’s gone?”
Silas Thornwood is not my boss. Except he kind of was, in magical stuff anyhow. Darien didn’t have a good grasp on what their relationship actually was, although Silas on his knees last night, sucking Darien’s cock, did mean the power didn’t go all one way.
He dusted his trousers off— unnecessarily since the floor was the one thing Silas kept clean and polished, ready to be chalked with runes— and rotated his stiff shoulders. Instead of answering the question, he asked, “Doesn’t it bother you that he trotted off when the council called, without bringing you—” Or me. “—with him?”
Grimalkin sat down and licked his furry shoulder a couple of times, which Darien had figured out meant the big cat was less calm than he was pretending to be. “The meeting was at Necromancer Worthington’s house. His wife is deathly allergic to cats.”
“Seriously? That was their excuse?”
“This was a boring meeting anyway. All about tithes and finances. I didn’t want to go.” Grim’s pink tongue swiped across his fur again, neck cranked at an angle only cats and owls could manage.
Darien rubbed his own aching neck, then jumped as the front door banged open. A flash of fear swamped him— Crosby, getting in— before the sound of Silas’s voice registered. Embarrassed, he yanked back down the glowing shields he’d snapped into place.
Grim was eyeing him, and his face heated, but the cat only said, “That’s not a bad reflex. Keep it,” before calling more loudly, “We’re in the study, O Thumpy One.”
There were a couple more thuds and grumbles before Silas appeared in the doorway. His dark hair was more rumpled than usual, and his thick brows were drawn down. From his lean height he peered down at Grim, then shifted his gaze to at Darien. “What were you two up to?”
Before Darien could decide whether to lie or confess, Grim said, “Wondering why you didn’t bring us along to liven up that finance meeting.”
Silas ran a hand over his hair, smoothing it into place. “I should have. Even if it did make Mrs. Worthington turn purple and expire. Serve those hidebound, cheapskate, pennypinching old hedgewitches right.”
Grim stretched, flexing his twenty-pound body up and back, and yawned. “I take it we’re not getting paid.”
“Were you supposed to get money from them?” Darien asked. He still had only the faintest idea how the bread and butter of the magic world ran. In the week since they’d defeated a demon in the Guild’s own hall, he’d spent half his time sleeping— or in bed doing even better things with Silas— and the other half in some apparently elementary magic exercises, trying to get a handle on the talent he hadn’t realized he had.
“We were supposed to get paid,” Silas said. “You and me both. After all, we rid the council of not one but two demons. That should’ve been worth a good-sized bounty, and I figured that’d give you some money of your own.”
“Oh. Yeah.” Silas didn’t seem to be short of funds, but that didn’t mean Darien had enjoyed being taken out and supplied with clothes like a kid on an allowance. Getting paid would’ve been good. “No dice, huh?”
“They ruled that since we were among those directly threatened, and since the council didn’t actually ask us to do the job, it fell under voluntary work. Not entitled to payment after the fact.”
“I could’ve paused with that demon under my shield and passed a hat,” Darien suggested. “Pay up, or I turn him lose.”
Silas’s gray eyes lightened. “I’d have paid good money to see that. But no, we’re apparently going to have to settle for the gratitude and good will of the council.”
“Might be worth something?”
“Hah. They turned around and told me if I needed funds, they had a job for me.”
“Job?” He wasn’t entirely sure what Silas did, other than sending demons back to their hells with a power and force of will that made Darien hard just thinking about it. Not at the time, because demons made his balls want to crawl up inside his body, but in the aftermath, the image of Silas standing terrible and tall, with whips of pure power in each hand? Hell, yeah. “More demons?”
“By all the gods, I hope not. Two in one weekend was plenty. Routine ghost exorcism, it sounds like. Anyway, I turned them down. They weren’t happy.”
“Turned them down? Don’t you need the energy? And if it pays, wouldn’t that be a twofer?” Since Silas replenished his magic with ghost energy, getting paid to feed his own power seemed like a win-win.
“It’s out of town,” Silas said, as if that decided things.
“So? You’re not, um, bound to this weird house, are you?” Some of Darien’s spare time had been spent exploring the huge relic Silas had inherited, and he was pretty sure there were rooms and passages he hadn’t found yet.
“I’ve never heard of a person being bound to a house.” Silas tilted his head, looking at Darien as if he was searching for something. “But I’d want to bring Grim, and I’m not leaving you here alone.”
“You wouldn’t want me to come?” Darien knew he was a total novice, but he’d done all right in a crisis, he thought. “I wouldn’t get in the way.” He cleared his throat and wished he sounded less like a kid wheedling his dad for a car ride.
Silas’s expression softened. “I figured you wouldn’t want to be around ghosts again.”
“Oh.” For a moment the memory of voices and slithering movement and hisses in his head made him shudder. His stomach lurched queasily. But I’ll be damned if I let that stop me having Silas’s back. He made sure his voice was deep and steady as he said, “I have good shields now. You said they’ll stop ghosts.”
“Yes. They should.”
“Then I want to come.” He went for a lighter tone. “I’m going stir crazy here, and I want to see you at work. The great necromancer, plucking ghosts out of the air and eating them like raisins.”
Silas snorted. “That’s not quite the way it works.” He paused. “Are you sure? I admit, it would be good to replenish the coffers.”
Grim said, apropos of nothing obvious, “Healers are expensive.”
It wasn’t till Silas hissed, “Shush, cat, not his business,” that Darien remembered. He was the one who’d needed a Healer, after knocking himself out running down stairs in socks.
“Did you have to pay Anya to help me? Back when this started?”
Silas opened his mouth, but took an obvious moment to come up with, “It was my cat who tripped you. My debt.”
“I’m my own cat, I’ll have you remember,” Grim said. “And the point is, we’re broke, and I have a feeling we’ll need funds soon. And here you have a job on a platter.”
“Do you have any feelings about the job?” Silas asked seriously.
Darien waited, trying to decide if Grim was having a premonition, or just messing with them. It was often too damned hard to tell.
Grim shook his head. “Nothing on the job. Just a vague sense that somewhere down the line, being broke is going to be a problem.”
“Oooh,” Darien quipped. “Such wisdom. It’s not good to be broke.”
Grim trotted over and swiped at his ankle with unsheathed claws. “Respect for your elders, boy.”
Darien danced his bare feet out of cat range. “Are you older than me?” Familiars were a puzzle he hadn’t figured out either.
“I’m wiser, for sure.” That was about as straight of an answer as he ever got out of Grim on the topic.
Silas said, “If we’re serious about taking the job, I should let the council know. Worthington turned it down too, and they were talking about who they could farm it out to, down the line.”
“We should do it,” Darien decided. The chance to get out of this house— intriguing as it was— and to watch Silas at work was irresistible.
“Agreed.” Grim sat down and wrapped his tail over his toes.
Silas looked back and forth between them. “I guess I’m outvoted. I’ll call and get the details. Darien, you want to start packing some clothes? There’s a suitcase in my closet.”
“How many days?”
“Pack for four.”
“And don’t forget the tuna,” Grim said. “And the can opener.”
Darien laughed, his heart lifting at the prospect of getting out and doing something different for a change. “Sir, yes, sir!” He looked up, and Silas was staring at him with something soft and warm in his expression. “You do want to do the job, don’t you, Sy? Grim and me’re not, you know, taking over?”
Silas’s mouth curved up and his eyes sparkled. “I think I could resist the lure of one novice sorcerer and an overweening cat, if I wanted to. Sure. Let’s take a road trip.”

#######

About the Author
I get asked about my name a lot. It’s not something exotic, though. “Kaje” is pronounced just like “cage” – it’s an old nickname, and my pronouns are she/her/hers. I was born in Montreal but I’ve lived for 30 years in Minnesota, where the two seasons are Snow-removal and Road-repair, where the mosquito is the state bird, and where winter can be breathtakingly beautiful. Minnesota’s a kind, quiet (if sometimes chilly) place and it’s home.
I’ve been writing far longer than I care to admit (*whispers – forty-five years*), mostly for my own entertainment, usually M/M romance (with added mystery, fantasy, historical, sci-fi…) I also have a few Young Adult stories (under the pen name Kira Harp).
My first professionally published book, Life Lessons, came out from MLR Press in May 2011. I have a weakness for closeted cops with honest hearts and teachers who speak their minds, and I was delighted and encouraged by the reception Mac and Tony received.
I now have a good-sized backlist in ebooks and print, including Amazon bestseller The Rebuilding Year and Rainbow Award winner for “Best Mystery-Thriller” Tracefinder: Contact. Readers can find a complete list of my books with links on my website at https://kajeharper.com/books/

I’m always pleased to have readers find me online:
Website: https://kajeharper.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/KajeHarper
Facebook group: Kaje’s Conversation Corner: https://www.facebook.com/groups/208207893795147/
Goodreads Author page: https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/4769304.Kaje_Harper

* * * * *

Other Books by Kaje Harper
Self-Published/Indie:
Changes Coming Down (Changes #1)
Changes Going On (Changes #2)
Tracefinder: Contact (Tracefinder #1)
Tracefinder: Changes (Tracefinder #2)
Tracefinder: Choices (Tracefinder #3)
The Family We’re Born With (Finding Family #1) – free novella
The Family We Make (Finding Family #2)
Rejoice, Dammit
Unfair in Love and War
(in the charity anthology Another Place in Time)
Not Your Grandfather’s Magic
(in the charity anthology Wish Come True)
Don’t Plan to Stay
Love and Lint Rollers
Second Act
Audiobooks:
Into Deep Waters – Narrated by Kaleo Griffith
The Rebuilding Year – Narrated by Gomez Pugh
Life, Some Assembly Required – Narrated by Gomez Pugh
Building Forever – Narrated by Gomez Pugh
Re-releases:
The Rebuilding Year (Rebuilding Year #1)
Life, Some Assembly Required (Rebuilding Year #2)
Building Forever (Rebuilding Year #2.5)
Sole Support
Gift of the Goddess
Fair Isn’t Life
From MLR Press:
Life Lessons (Life Lessons #1)
Breaking Cover (Life Lessons #2)
Home Work (Life Lessons #3)
Learning Curve (Life Lessons #4)
Unacceptable Risk (Hidden Wolves #1)
Unexpected Demands (Hidden Wolves #2)
Unjustified Claims (Hidden Wolves #3)
Unsafe Exposure (Hidden Wolves #4)
Storming Love: Nelson & Caleb
Full Circle
Where the Heart Is
Ghosts and Flames
Possibilities
Tumbling Dreams (currently out of print)
Free series stories:
And To All a Good Night (Life Lessons #1.5)
Getting It Right (Life Lessons #1.8)
Compensations (Life Lessons #3.5)
Unsettled Interlude (Hidden Wolves #1.15)
Unwanted Appeal (Hidden Wolves #2.5)
Can’t Hurt to Believe (Into Deep Waters #1.005)
Stand-alone free novels:
Into Deep Waters
Nor Iron Bars a Cage
Chasing Death Metal Dreams
Lies and Consequences
Laser Visions
Stand-alone free short stories:
Like the Taste of Summer
Show Me Yours
Within Reach
Shooting Star
A full list with blurbs, and download and buy links can be found at:
http://www.kajeharper.com/books/
