MARKING TIME

By  C. J. Anthony



Smashwords Edition

Published by: 
C. J. Anthony on Smashwords


Marking Time
© 2012 by C. J. Anthony


ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Thank you for downloading this free ebook. This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed solely for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.
 This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are fictionalized. Any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.



MARKING TIME

CHAPTER 1


September 8, 1997
They always say you remember the exact moment you met the person you’ll love forever—you remember exactly what they were wearing and what they looked like and what they were doing. Well, I don’t remember what he was wearing and I only remember the day because it was also the first day of fourth grade for me. But hey, I was only nine—my mind was not exactly on the rest of my life that day. I do remember thinking he was about the coolest person I’d ever met. 
I had been home from school for a while and was sitting at the kitchen counter eating a snack of cheese and apple slices, telling mom all about how Josh had puked on the playground and Ashley, the drama queen, had accidentally stepped in it and ran screaming to the teacher.
The front door opened and my older brother Bobby, clattered through, banging his backpack against the doorframe. He was yapping loudly about something and there was another voice with him. The door slammed, mom yelled, and Bobby threw back a "Sorry, Mom!" 
And then, there he was—Chase Michaels. He and Bobby were both new freshman at the high school and they’d met in English class. Even at fifteen, Chase was a giant, especially to little nine year-old me sitting on a kitchen stool. I craned my neck to look up at him. He was starting to come out of that awkward stage of pudgy kid into solidly built teenager. He had short dark hair and these eyes that were an incredible mix of blue and gray.
Bobby rolled his eyes as he introduced me as his "dweeby little brother Adam," but Chase actually looked me in the eyes and gave me a big smile. "Hey little man." He spoke to me! I just stared up at him. "Hi," was my wordy response.
They stayed just long enough to make peanut butter sandwiches and then they stomped up the stairs to Bobby’s room. All I could do was watch him go, in awe. Even then, I was drawn to him, though it was clearly nothing sexual at the time. It was more like the hero-worship of a big brother—if your big brother wasn’t an asshat to you like mine was. 
He and Bobby quickly became best buds so he was always over at our house. As soon as he saw me, Chase would always acknowledge me with a "Dude!" or "What’s up Little A?" while ruffling my hair or squeezing me in a headlock.
I wasn’t allowed in Bobby’s room when they were there, but if they were going somewhere—like down to the corner convenience mart or to a movie—I always tried to tag along. Of course, Bobby never wanted me to come and screaming and yelling would escalate from both of us. Sometimes mom would intervene, either keeping me home or ordering Bobby to take me. But more often than not, Chase would cut in before Bobby got a chance to protest. He always was cool with me hanging out with them, even as Bobby made a disgusted face or punched him on the arm. 
Eventually, they both went off to college and I was left to deal with puberty alone. At first, I thought I was just a late-bloomer because I just didn’t see what was "so hot" about any of the girls at school like the other boys did. I sort of began getting an inkling that there was something different going on with me when I found myself watching Tommy McCafferty a lot. He was one of the guys at school who had already started developing a little earlier than the rest of us. He had golden-blond wavy hair that hung down to his jaw and peach fuzz growing on his chin. I kept wondering what it would feel like to touch it.
Then, Bobby and Chase came home from college for summer break, and I knew. It became very crystal-clear where my preferences lie; by the near-constant hard-on I sported all summer. Chase had matured a lot through high school, but a year of college had made quite a difference. He’d played football in high school, earning him a scholarship to Ohio State and the expensive training facilities provided by the college had transformed his body. His bulk had turned into hard muscle and lean abs. Hell, even his face was more chiseled and defined.
I was thirteen that summer. As teenagers tend to do, it was almost noon by the time I strolled downstairs. My brother had been home from college for a few days, and at supper last night he had mentioned Chase was due home today. So I was heading to the kitchen to forage for some breakfast—well okay, almost lunch by that time—when the loud raucous voices outside distracted me. I was a nosy kid, so I made a detour on my route to look out the living room window and that’s when it happened. Bobby was washing dad’s car, his trade for borrowing it to take Suzy McIntyre out on a date later. He and Chase were horsing around with the hose, getting more water on themselves than on the car. Chase’s white t-shirt was plastered to his chest, and I could see everything—his flat stomach, his defined pecs and his very, very pert nipples. He was smiling and laughing, water dripping from his hair, which had grown out some. I probably would have stayed there forever watching, had I not felt the blood rushing to my groin and my gym shorts starting to tent. I looked down in horror and ran very uncomfortably up to my room and slammed the door shut tight. I sat down on my bed and just stared at my shorts. I tried thinking of every distracting thing I could think of­— dead animals and sports scores and I even tried to play my favorite Zombie video game in my head. Just as it would start to go away, the image of Chase would flash through my head again and "it" would come roaring back to life, harder than before. Finally I couldn’t take any more and I took a shower to get some relief. I tried to imagine some of the naked women in the nudie magazines the boys at school passed around. I stroked and stroked myself, trying to make myself come. But, nothing . . . until the pictures of long blond hair and blood-red lips and humongous breasts slowly morphed into a firm chin and a wide grin and broad shoulders with water dripping down his wet t-shirt. Less than two strokes later, I was exploding all over the shower tiles. 
There was clearly no denying it anymore, no more trying to say, "well maybe," no more pretending—I got off on boys. Men. And right now, not just any man—I was hard for Chase. 
After I got out of the shower, I sat on the edge of my bed, shaking for what seemed like hours. My world had just been turned upside down and my mind was racing. What did all this mean? Would people be able to tell when they looked at me? And why? Why me? 
What would my parents say? My Mom said she’d love me no matter what, but would she love me through this? And my Dad. Oh God, my Dad. He was not as touchy and huggy as mom; he was a man’s man, an ex-Marine. He was tough but I’d never questioned that he loved us, in his way. But would he love me now? Could he love a son that was a . . . a . . . a faggot? A queer? A sissy? About a dozen more words meandered through my brain, every word I’d ever heard from my friends, from adults, from TV. Was that who I was now? Were those words me now?
My stomach started feeling queasy and I think my body and my brain were starting to shut down. It was way too much to deal with right now. I climbed back in bed and curled up on my side, pulling the covers completely over me, even though it was probably eighty degrees out. I escaped into the safety of sleep for a while.
Mom stopped up once in the middle afternoon to see what I was doing and was concerned, of course. I told her I was sick and didn’t feel well. Which wasn’t far from the truth. I was still huddled under the covers; I didn’t even turn to face her. She reached across my bed and touched her hand to my forehead in that classic mom move, to see if I had a fever. It apparently satisfied her enough that she left me alone to rest.
I think I dozed some more off and on. The sun coming through my windows had started to fade when the next knock on my door came. My heart sped into overdrive at the deep baritone voice.
"Little A? How’re you doing there kiddo?" Crap! I didn’t know what to do. Maybe I could just pretend I was sleeping. Yeah . . . except that I was turned toward the bedroom door he was standing in front of and my eyes were open. He took a step forward and ducked his head to look right at me. "I was totally bummed to hear you were feeling sick, I’ve been waiting all semester for the chance to squash you in Zombie Attack III." 
I tried to resist, tried to will myself not to react. But of their own accord, my eyes lifted up to look into his searing blue-gray eyes. I gulped, as I felt my dick start to perk up and quickly bunched the thin blanket around me so that he would not see.
"Aw, you do look a little flushed, A. Your mom sent some soup up	for you if you’re hungry." I realized he had placed a tray on the nightstand. A few awkward moments of silence passed, as he waited for me to say something, but I kept my mouth shut. 
"Okay, well . . . I hope you feel better. Get some rest, sport." He turned and left, shutting the door behind him. I flopped over onto my back and threw the blanket over my head in embarrassment.
I was starved though. Apparently gay guys needed to eat too. I sat up and wolfed down the soup. My dick eventually calmed back down to normal. I slept a little more and the next morning when I woke up again the sun was shining and the birds were chirping outside my window. Just like normal. I got up to go to the bathroom and when I was done I caught sight of myself in the mirror. Other than looking a little groggy from sleep, I saw the same thing I did every day­—same floppy, dirty-blond hair, same green eyes, same fair skin with a few acne spots here and there. I didn’t look any different than I did yesterday, or the day before. I didn’t feel any different—well, as long as I didn’t think about Chase. I still felt like me. There was nothing about me that screamed out I LIKE BOYS, at least that I could tell. So maybe no one else would be able to tell either?
I glanced back at my bed, but I knew I couldn’t hide there for the rest of my life. The world would go on spinning, each new day would dawn, the same as the day before and the day before that. And I was still going to be gay. Every day. So I guess I needed to learn how to deal with it. 
I showered and headed downstairs. My heart thudded nervously when I saw Mom in the kitchen, but when she turned and saw me, she smiled as big as she always did when she saw me. Actually she fawned over me more than usual, but that was just because she had thought I’d been sick. 
I braced myself for every encounter I had that day but no one treated me any different. My dad came in from work and did pay me a little more attention than normal, again because I’d been "sick." Then he was back to giving a kiss to mom and telling her about his day while she made dinner. Bobby pretty much ignored me, but that was normal too.
I spent a lot of time that evening and the next few days holed up in my room on the computer, searching everything I could about being gay. I came across several message boards where gay teens were talking to each other. I was too shy to join in but it made me feel better, reading their stories and realizing they were going through the same things I was. And of course I came across a lot of very eye-opening sites as well. I watched my first gay porn video and I was so turned on, I came before the porn stars did. That first porn experience ironically left me feeling very relieved—relieved because it meant I was gay and I could get it up for other men and not just Chase.
That didn’t mean, however, that I wasn’t still tortured by Chase. None of the porn stars ever made me as hot as he did. And unfortunately for me and my balls and dick, he was around our house a lot that summer. He and Bobby worked for a landscaping company and he’d come home with Bobby every day after they were done with work. I saw a lot of his tanned, rock-hard body in tank tops and shorts . . . sometimes in just shorts . . .  causing a problem in my shorts. Chase would be all smudged with dirt, his muscles and skin all shiny with sweat. My dick would pop right up, and I would try and hide behind the kitchen counter or run up to my room.
The family all pretty much left me alone that summer. Bobby was more than happy to be rid of me. I caught Mom and Dad watching me for a while, and Dad even tried to sit down with me and have a "heart-to-heart" which was pretty short and to the point, because neither of us really wanted to say much. He just sat there and looked at me for a while, asked me if I was doing drugs, and then told me if I ever needed to talk about anything I could come to him or Mom. But after a while I think they just chalked it up to being a teenager and let me be. Chase was the only one who refused to give up on me. 
He was an only child, so that was why he’d always liked spending time with me. He knew Bobby and I didn’t really hang out much, and I thought he felt sorry for me. Being an only child he didn’t realize that most siblings—especially at our ages—tended to hate each other. Later I found out he’d always wanted a brother and missed having that relationship with a younger brother. So he actually really wanted to do things with me. We’d play video games or watch baseball. Chase and I loved baseball with a passion and Bobby wasn’t that big of a fan. So he and I would always watch games on TV or go to real games together—our hometown, Fresno, had their own Triple A team, the Grizzlies.
But that summer I just wanted to hang out from afar . . . which I guess didn’t really make sense. I was just too freaked out of my secret being discovered any time I was around him. So, the first couple of times Chase invited me to a ball game I turned him down and made excuses. Each time he’d look at me funny, like he was trying to figure out what was going on with me. Then he’d sigh and his mouth would turn down and I’d feel like a heel.
I figured he’d eventually give up. But about a month in to summer, he scared the crap out of me when he burst into my bedroom one Saturday morning.
"Yo, Little A. Come on, get that butt out of bed." There was a strong tug on the bed sheets and I jerked awake just in time to grab the moving fabric before he completely uncovered my morning wood.
"I got tickets to the big game, the Grizzlies and the Redbirds. Big Jake’s playing and I’m not taking no for an answer. In fact, I don’t want to hear anything out of your mouth—we’re going. It’s a beautiful summer day, too nice to stay cooped up in this room. So get your butt in the shower and get dressed. You’ve got fifteen minutes." 
And then he stomped out and down the stairs. I was still a little groggy and dazed from sleep, but I was awake enough to know there was no way I was getting out of this one. I’d never heard that tone in his voice before—he meant business. And I had to admit I really wanted to go to the game. I couldn’t believe he’d gotten tickets. Big Jake played for the St. Louis Cardinals; he was one of the best players in the major league this year. But he was rehabbing a minor shoulder injury so he had been sent down to the Cardinals’ minor league team, the Redbirds, for a few games. All the games he was playing in were sold out because everyone wanted the chance to see Big Jake play.
So, thirteen minutes later—in my tightest boxer briefs to help contain my dick, and loose basketball shorts to give me room in case I couldn’t contain my dick—I was downstairs and ready for my day with Chase. God help me. 
When I rounded the corner I saw him leaning over the counter and chatting with my mom in the kitchen. He stopped mid-sentence to look over to me, his eyes locked right on mine. His mouth quirked up into this big smile. I hadn’t been graced with one of those from him in a while and I felt my stomach flip-flop. Not with lust this time though. This time it was guilt, for ignoring him like I had. It wasn’t his fault I was this way; it wasn’t his fault that I was crushing on him. He looked so genuinely happy just to go to a baseball game with me. 
And to be honest I had missed hanging out with him. I was still uncomfortable around him though. Being trapped in the car with him was both amazing and torture all at the same time. He talked as he drove us to the ball field, and I tried to listen, I really did, but all I could focus on was his tan, muscled arm that rested casually on the gearshift just inches from my own pale, scrawny arm. 
"Little A!"
My head jerked up to attention. Chase had pulled his eyes away from the road for a second and was looking at me. One eyebrow was raised in a questioning look, but shit, I hadn’t heard a word he said.
"Where were you dude? You were zoned out there." I didn’t have words, so I just smiled shakily and shrugged my shoulders, hoping that would appease him. I really hoped he hadn’t noticed me staring at his arm. He just shook his head exasperatedly and started talking again about the game today and the players.
I forced myself to get a grip after that and tried to ignore his physical self and focus on conversation with him. My intense concentration finally paid off as we fell back into our usual brotherly rapport and my dick only noticed how hot he was half the time we were talking. I considered it a huge victory.
Things were going well as we walked to the field from our parking spot. We were a little early, but that was a tradition with us—if you got there early you could watch the players warming up. 
We hit the concession stand and had just sat down in our seats. Most of the seats around us were empty, so it was still fairly quiet except for the crack of the bats and the yells from the players on the field.
"So Little A, what’s really going on with you, kiddo?" 
I had just taken a big bite of hot dog and I nearly choked. I looked over at him and my pulse jumped into hyper-drive. What’s going on with me? Yeah like I could tell him. 
The fear must have been evident in my face because Chase immediately put his hand up. "Hey, I don’t want to pressure you, A." His face softened and his forehead wrinkled with concern. "I’m just worried about you, kid. You know, you’ve never been so quiet, holing yourself alone up in your room like that. That’s not you. I know being a teenager is hard, and sometimes it feels like everything is the end of the world. It wasn’t that long ago that I was thirteen, I remember all the awkwardness and new feelings . . . and hormones." He grinned after pausing at that last word. Yeah, hormones . . . oh Chase, you really have no idea.
"Listen, I don’t want to make you uncomfortable, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay. I know sometimes it’s not cool or it’s embarrassing to talk to your parents about things, and Bobby . . . well," he chuckled and looked at me knowingly. "Bobby is Bobby. So, if, you know you ever need or want to talk to someone . . . you know you can come to me right? If you want, I mean. No pressure, no judgment I swear. You’re like my own little bro. I’ll always be here for you."
I hadn’t said anything during his whole speech. Finally, I gave him a small smile. My mind was swimming with his words. No way I could tell him what I was going through, but I was awed by the fact that he cared enough about me. I mean, my own brother didn’t care that much. But the "you’re like my own little bro" comment kept repeating itself over and over in my head. I knew I was only thirteen and he was almost twenty, practically a man. I also knew he was straight because he’d dated a bunch of different girls in high school. There wasn’t a snowball’s chance in hell that anything could ever be between us, but I was still so attracted to him. That statement—that he saw me as just a little brother—stung my poor, teenaged heart. Even though it was incredibly touching and really should have meant a lot.
My mouth finally found words, to appease him. "Yeah, I’m okay, really. I just . . . you know." I shrugged my shoulders. I knew it wasn’t very eloquent but it was all I had.
His eyes were still trained right on mine, like he knew I wasn’t telling him everything. They weren’t accusing though, they shined with a gentle compassion. I really knew I could trust him with anything . . . just not this.
"Well all right. Just stop being such a hermit, okay? I miss hanging out with you. So . . . we cool?"
I smiled again. "We’re cool." 
He punched me on the shoulder and grinned. About that time, the announcer crackled over the loud speaker to get things started and we could both thankfully turn our attention to the game.
We slipped easily back into our normal relationship, cheering and shouting and groaning at the players and the umpires. I found myself smiling more than I had all summer so far, and we were having a great afternoon. Just like before. 
Right after the eighth inning, Mandy, one of the girls who worked in the concession booth suddenly showed up in our section. She stood at the bottom corner, straining her neck like she was looking for someone. Then her eyes lit up and she waved frantically in our direction. I was surprised when Chase lifted his hand in a similar but much less vigorous gesture. She quickly made her way down our aisle, and when she reached us, she plopped herself right down on Chase’s lap, throwing her arms around his neck.
"Hey baby!" was as much as she was willing to say before planting a huge noisy kiss on Chase’s lips.
Chase looked over at me, with a bit of a red tinge on his cheeks. "Um, Adam, you know Mandy right? Mandy this is Adam, Bobby’s little brother." I did know Mandy, at least who she was, I just didn’t realize Chase was dating her. Besides working at the concession stand at the ballpark, she had been in Bobby and Chase’s class in high school.
"Hey Adam, aw, aren’t you a cutie!" Then she immediately turned her attention back to Chase, babbling to him about her job, and how was he, and would she see him later. He smiled and laughed and gave her his full attention. Meanwhile all I could do was stare at his big hand as it stroked up and down her smooth, bronze thigh, each time getting a little closer to the hem of her ultra short-short shorts. Hell, her concession apron was longer than her shorts.
The dagger already stuck in my heart twisted a little more, as I watched them together. Seeing the person you’re in lust/like with, with someone else is bad enough, but it hurts even deeper to know you’re not even the right option for him.
I forced my eyes back to the game and tried to ignore the two of them next to me. Luckily, she was just on a quick break and didn’t stay very long. And then the Grizzlies won the game, so Chase didn’t notice I was not quite as festive as everyone else in my excitement.
When I got home that night it took me forever to fall asleep. Every time I closed my eyes I saw that bimbo and Chase together. Like I said, I’d seen Chase with lots of other girls before and it never mattered. But now it did, and I was sad and upset and angry. The anger was for me, for these feelings I had, for liking boys. For feeling my dick swell every time I saw him. And for not being able to do anything about it.
I eventually got a few hours of fitful sleep that night. And I wallowed and sulked for a couple more days. Finally, I had to just suck it up and get through the rest of summer. I tried to hang out more when Chase was around, and we went to a bunch of ball games together. I just acted like everything was normal. Well, as normal as blue balls and twice-daily showers could be. 
Chase went back to college early that summer, a requirement of his being on the football team. And the summers after that he ended up staying in Ohio, so it was years before I saw him in person again. I got busy with high school and he got busy finishing college and working—the occasional email or Facebook post was the only contact we had time for. Still, it always made my day when I opened an email to read, "Hey Little A!" And, he kept his word; he was always there when I needed him.



CHAPTER 2

Fall, 2005
I got outed when I was sixteen. By my own Dad, of all people. 
High school is tough for most of us, but it’s even tougher as a gay kid. Well, really I shouldn’t complain, I never got beat up or bullied or anything like that, even after I came out. But I still hid who I was when I started high school. And physically it was easy—I had never really fit any of the "gay stereotypes" so no one ever guessed. I was just your average all-American boy. I looked "butch." I played sports. But emotionally it took its toll.
I had to pretend every time I hung out with the other kids at school. I laughed and joked with the other boys about hot chicks and breasts and all the other crude things young boys talk about as they’re discovering their sexuality. I flirted back with the girls who batted their eyelashes and smiled sweetly at me. 
And of course, I was also afraid of my parents finding out, so I had to pretend at home too. I thought Mom would probably be okay with it, but it was my dad that really scared me. I’d never heard him voice an opinion one way or the other towards gays, but he was ex-Marine. He’d never been violent with Bobby or me, other than a few spankings when we were still toddlers, but what if he tried to hit me or throw me out of the house? Horrible things to think about your father, I know, and deep down, I probably knew better, but when you’re alone and in the middle of something like that, your fears take over. All you worry about is not living up to what they expect you to be. All you worry about is that they might not love you anymore.
My sophomore year, I had just turned sixteen and it was Homecoming weekend. Up until this point I had gone out with a few girls, mostly as group date-type situations. My group of friends usually all just hung out together all the time so there was no real "dating," so to speak. I could get away with a casual arm around a girl, a little kissing but nothing further, because we were never alone.  
But Homecoming was the beginning of things starting to change. The hubbub started two months before; it was all the girls talked about—who was going with whom, who had asked who, what they were wearing and when they were going shopping—on and on and on. And the boys had gotten pulled in too. Everyone was starting to pair off as "couples," so they’d have dates to the homecoming dance. I tried to stay out of the fray, but I was getting pressure from every direction. My friends were all trying to get me together with Tiffany, one of the other girls in our group who wasn’t seeing anyone. Everyone said she had a crush on me, and she was a very sweet, very nice girl. And then at home, mom started bugging me about it—was I going, were there any girls I was interested in taking. Dad even asked about it a few times. 
I was freaking out and stressed and finally, I just did what everyone wanted. I asked Tiffany to the dance, we went on dates, I started walking her to class and holding her hand—everything that made me appear like a normal straight boy. But inside, it was killing me. My parents were happy, my friends were happy, Tiffany was happy—but I was miserable. 
The night of Homecoming came and keeping up the smiles and the happy façade became too much. I was fidgety and snappy with everyone and I knew I wasn’t very attentive to Tiffany. I could see her eyes holding back tears several times during the evening. I would try to compensate by putting my arm around her or holding her a little tighter if we were dancing. But I hated every moment of it. I hated lying, I hated watching all the couples dancing around us who actually wanted to be here together and I couldn’t be with someone I wanted to be with. Not that I had anyone at the time, but it was the principle.
The night felt like it dragged on forever, and by the time it was over I just felt exhausted. And frustrated. And angry. Mom was still up when I got home and I knew she wanted to hear how the night had gone but I managed to brush her off and head straight to my room. I tore off my suit and showered, but I was still keyed up and no way was I going to be able to sleep. So I got on my computer and went to the message boards I’d been frequenting; lurking and reading other gay teens’ thoughts and comments but never posting anything myself. Before I knew it I was clicking the new topic button and attacking the keyboard, typing out all my feelings and frustrations. And when I was done and hit submit, I couldn’t believe how much lighter I felt. Having no outlet had just aggravated everything until tonight when I had just about reached my breaking point.
Almost immediately my computer dinged with a response from someone. It was from Lance, a name I’d seen regularly around the forums. We chatted back and forth for almost two hours. It turned out Lance lived in Fresno too and went to the private school in town. 
I woke up the next day feeling so much better. It had been so awesome to have someone else to talk to who understood what I was going through. I called Tiffany and apologized for my attitude at the dance, I claimed the sick excuse, telling her I hadn’t been feeling that well. She seemed to buy it, and things were back to normal, even though I didn’t want them that way. 
School became a little easier to get through because I had Lance to come home and chat with at night. After a couple weeks of this, it was Lance who first brought up how lame this was when we lived in the same town and suggested we meet up somewhere. So we exchanged information and pictures—and wow, was he cute—and set up a "date." 
We first met up at an out of the way coffee shop. We got on just as well in person as we did online and it led to hanging out more. It was the third time we were hanging out, in his bedroom, that he first touched me. It was just a small movement, his fingers brushing the top of my hand and lingering there as he looked over at me and smiled. I think my whole body broke out in a sweat but I swear I felt the warmth of his skin for days after that.
The next time we were together, he got a little bolder and gave me my first kiss. Well, my first real kiss, I didn’t count all the girls I’d kissed, because they’d never felt like this. He leaned in and his lips brushed mine softly before pulling back quickly. After I recovered from the shock, I decided I wanted more of that and I grabbed him and pulled him in for a smashing of lips and tongues that left us tingly and breathless.
Of course, kissing led to other explorations, of course. Which was fantastic. I really liked Lance and I loved having someone to make me forget about school and my life there. We were always very careful when we were together, making sure no one else was in the house or at least that doors were locked.
So, we thought we were safe one afternoon, hanging out in my room. Mom and Dad weren’t due home from work for a while, and we had the door shut as a precaution. But not locked. 
Lance and I were kissing and making out on my bed. We’d just taken our shirts off, but were still clothed from the waist down, thank God.
"Adam, did you leave . . . ." 
Lance and I froze the minute we heard my Dad’s voice. I think my Dad froze too, because when I looked up at him he was just staring at us with this blank look on his face. He didn’t say a word, just shut the door again and went back downstairs.
I immediately started freaking out. Lance tried to calm me down, but he was freaking too. He wasn’t out to his parents either and he was afraid my dad was going to call his parents.
The mood killed, Lance and I were just too scared to even talk, so he left. I didn’t know what to do—whether to stay in my room, go downstairs and find Dad, or get out of the house before his wrath hit. 
But the house remained silent. When Mom finally called me down for dinner, I didn’t think I could even force a bite of food down my throat. My stomach was flopping around so much I was sure I’d throw up everything.
I eyed Dad warily. He wasn’t looking at me. My eyes slid over to Mom. She was putting the food on the table and chatting away like nothing was wrong. So, did he not tell her? Or was she ignoring it?
I managed to make it through dinner, somehow choking some food down. I kept watching Dad, but he never acknowledged me and barely said anything.
I kept waiting all night for something to happen but nothing did. The next day I got up and went to school like usual. When I got home I let myself in, and just as I was walking by the living room couch, he spoke.
"Adam." 
I froze and looked over at him.
He was sitting on one end of the couch, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, his hands clasped in front of him, and his tie was undone and hanging loose. He was staring right at me and he nodded his head toward the chair across from him.
I was too scared to move.
"Now, son." His tone was firm, but not angry. I’d heard that one enough to know the difference.
I sat and we just looked at each other for what felt like forever, until he finally broke the silence.
"You know I have to talk to you about yesterday."
I gulped.
"I didn’t say anything sooner because I needed some . . . time with this . . . in my own head." He sighed. "You know you are my son, and I love you no matter what. I have from the day I first held you, when you were just minutes old." His gaze moved, staring off over my shoulder for a minute, a slight upturn of his lips as he lost himself in the memory of the moment. And then, quickly, his eyes were back on me, clear and serious again. "Nothing changes that."
I blinked.
"Adam, you understand that, don’t you?"
Realizing he was expecting some kind of response, I nodded my head, my throat too dry to speak.
"So, do you want to tell me what I walked in on yesterday?"
 At first my frazzled mind freaked, trying to think what was I going to say. We were wrestling with our shirts off? I tripped and fell on top of Lance? I was sweating and everything I came up with I knew would sound completely stupid.
Dad waited patiently, his gaze never wavering. "Take your time, son, I just want the truth. It’s okay."
And suddenly everything silenced, everything in my brain stopped, and it all became clear. My Dad wasn’t looking for a literal explanation, he wasn’t dumb, he knew what was going on. He wanted me to be able to say the words, to own up to it. 
Our eyes were still locked on each other and, his face was passive. There was no anger, there was no disappointment. "I love you no matter what . . . nothing changes that."
"I’m gay." 
And that was that. The words came out clearly with a new confidence that surprised me. But it felt right. I hadn’t realized how good it would feel to finally be able to say the words.
"And you’re completely sure, without a doubt?"
"Yes." There was definitely no doubt in my tone.
"Then why have you been taking out that Tiffany girl? Why did you take her to the Homecoming dance?"
My mouth dropped open, then shut. That was not what I expected him to come up with next.
"Son, you’re lying to her, letting her believe in something that isn’t there. She deserves better than that, she deserves the truth. I taught you boys better than that. Or I thought I had."
He must have seen the fear in my eyes. "Didn’t I teach you boys to be honest? To be honorable and be proud of who you are? There is nothing wrong with you and no reason to be ashamed of who you are, you know that don’t you? Adam?"
I shook my head yes.
"Okay then. You need to step up and be a man about this. Be the man I know you are. First thing, you tell your mother. Next you go see this Tiffany girl and tell her the truth—in person. And you stop lying to your friends."
"But . . . ."
"No buts. I know young kids can be cruel. I’m not saying you have to hold a parade and tell the whole school. But your friends are your friends. If they can’t accept you for who you are, then they don’t sound like real friends to me. Understand?"
"Yes, sir."
"Okay." His tone sounded dismissive and I couldn’t wait to get out of there. I stood up, but his voice stopped me again.
"Adam? You and . . . Lance. You know that all we talked about before still applies, right? You boys are . . . being careful, right?" 
Oh my God. He didn’t just say that! I remember Dad sitting me down and having "the talk" with me years ago when they started sex ed. in school. One of those conversations was enough. Besides Lance and I hadn’t even gotten to real sex yet.
My face felt like it was on fire, but I knew he expected a response. "Um, yeah." Dad just nodded and a clear look of relief crossed his face.
I turned, thinking I was finally free.
"Adam?"
He had stood up and was only inches from me. Before I realized it, he reached out and put his arms around me. Dad was never very physically demonstrative with Bobby or I, so there was a bit of awkwardness between both of us and his arms were a bit stiff at first. 
"I love you, son." His voice was a bit rough, and I knew he was having trouble trying to hold back his emotion. I put my arms around him and felt all the worry and fear in my body leave, as my body sagged against his. His arms tightened around me in response, and we just stood there for a few minutes. The person I’d feared the most to know I was gay didn’t care. He still loved me. That was the single most important moment my father ever gave me and I have regretted every day since then, that I never got to tell him how much that meant to me.
Dad cleared his throat as we both stiffly pulled away and then he turned to go back to his newspaper on the couch and I went upstairs.
I told Mom when she got home. She cried, but she hugged me and echoed a lot of what Dad had said—she told me how proud she was of me for telling her and that she would always love me no matter what.
It had been such an emotionally exhausting day, the last thing I wanted to do was go talk to Tiffany that night, but I finally decided it would be better to just get it all over with at once. She didn't believe me at first, then burst into tears. She tried to tell me it didn’t matter, that we could still go out, but I told her that wasn’t possible. Eventually, she calmed down, but she told me I’d broken her heart. I felt like a heel, but I had to admit that once her front door had closed behind me and I was alone, I felt wonderful. I knew I’d been carrying this burden but hadn’t realized how truly heavy it was until I left her house. I felt a lightness, a giddiness. I was finally free. I was gay and I didn’t have to pretend anymore.
When I got home my brother called me. Mom had thankfully saved me from the horror of telling him by telling him for me. I was kind of surprised he even cared enough to call.
"Dude, I just talked to Mom, like, what the fuck? Dudes? Really?"
I sighed and rolled my eyes at my moron brother. "Yes, Bobby, I like dudes. You got a problem with that? 'Cause I’m really tired right now and I really don’t give a shit what you think."
There was silence on the other end before he finally spoke again, his voice softer. 
"Nah man, it’s cool, it’s cool. I mean, I don’t get it, but whatever, you know. I still love ya’ bro." I think my jaw literally hit the floor. I don’t think—at that point anyway, in our young lives—we had ever said I love you to each other. The day was just getting freakier and freakier. 
"Um . . . thanks, man." 
"So, how did Dad take it? I mean, you’re still in one piece right?" His voice didn’t have humor in it, so I knew he was a little concerned, much like I had been, over Dad’s reaction.
"Yes, but oh my God, you have no idea!" I gave him a brief overview of what had happened and the talk with Dad. He sounded a little shocked too, that Dad took it so well.
The next day blindsided me a little though. I’d thought the worst was going to be telling Tiffany because, although I knew Dad was right about my friends needing to know, I thought I could take some time and plan out how to tell them—wait for just the right moment. Instead, I walked into school and discovered the school grapevine had exploded while I slept last night and everyone already knew. As soon as I’d left Tiffany’s house last night, she’d been crying on the phone to all her friends, and they’d called their boyfriends and other friends, and, well . . . that was it.
I first noticed a few looks and whispers from kids I didn’t even know. Stupidly clueless, I just shook it off and continued on to my locker. My group of guys was waiting for me, and before I even had my hand on my combination lock, they whisked me into an empty classroom. They didn’t believe it; they thought Tiffany was just making up lies to get back at me for breaking up with her. When I told them it was true, that I was gay, there was a range of reactions. Jay and Mike kind of hung back and didn’t say much. Brian and Carson were just shocked because I "didn’t look gay," but they swore they were cool with it. And Scotty and Chip were just hurt that I hadn’t felt like I could tell them. Overall, the reveal went as well as it could have. Long-term, it took all of us a couple weeks to really get back to normal—Jay and Mike taking the longest to get comfortable with the idea—but eventually things were cool between all of us.
For the rest of the school, I was the curiosity for about a week, until Johnny Dawson crashed his parents’ car after drinking a whole six-pack of beer by himself. Gym class was uncomfortable for a while, I got used to a lot of the guys quickly covering up if I walked by or trying to avoid showering when I was around. I got a few threats of getting my "faggot ass" kicked but my guys were always around to back me up and although we weren’t the most formidable group, physically, we could overpower them with our numbers, so no one really ever followed through with anything.
Friday night of the first week I came out, my friends all were hanging out at the football game, but I chose to stay home for the night. Lame, yes, but I felt like I had been hanging on the edge of my nerves all week and I needed some time alone. I was messing around on the computer when I got a ding for a new email. I couldn’t help the smile when I saw that it was from Chase. It had been a while since I’d heard from him.
Hey Little A, I know it’s been a while since I emailed. Between classes and practice and games, I basically have no life until football season is over. But I wanted to make sure and take a few minutes to check in on how you were doing. I talked to Bobby earlier this week and he told me about your "announcement." Everything going okay? Any problems at school? 'Cause just say the word and I’m there to kick some butt if anyone’s giving you crap. If you ever need to talk you know where I am too. 
I think it’s a brave thing you’re doing. You’re my little hero, and I’m proud of you.  : )
Okay, well, I’ve got to finish reading this chapter and then it’s early to bed to be ready for the game tomorrow.
Take care, little man.
Chase
I swallowed around the lump in my throat. Chase was the one person left that I hadn’t told yet. I’d written the email a dozen times in my head but kept putting it off. He was so cool, I don’t know what I was worried about. I did know his opinion was important to me. Reading his words, my whole being felt a calm settle over it. I breathed freely for the first time in three days. Maybe everything was really going to be okay.



CHAPTER 3

Winter, 2008
When you graduate high school, all of the speeches are full of the clichés of leaving youth behind, growing up and going off to take on the world and find your future. Most of us postpone those clichés for another four years by going to college. I tried that too, but sometimes becoming an adult is forced upon you, whether you want it or not.
I didn’t really have any clue what I wanted to be when I grew up. And I didn’t really need to, at least not right away, as it was already decided for my brother and I that we would go on to college. That was Mom and Dad’s rule, absolutely no budging. My compromise to the agreement was that I at least went somewhere away from Fresno. I wasn’t sure I was crazy about more school and classes, but since I really didn’t know what else I wanted to do, I thought maybe I’d find something in college that would excite me.
I ended up at San Jose State, a few hours from home. Class-wise, I was taking general courses and bored out of my mind. I did enjoy the social life of college though, especially the hot guys. Lance and I had been together most of high school, and we liked each other, but he was going to a school on the east coast, so we’d parted ways once we headed off to college.
Friday and Saturday nights were my favorite times of the week. There was a gay bar off campus called JJ’s, which I could sneak into even though I was underage. I think the bouncer/doorman secretly had a crush on me. Yeah, I had a lot of fun that semester, and I learned a lot. I got straight A’s in the subjects of cocksucking, hand jobs, rimming and fucking.
As for my classes . . . I really tried. I tried to keep my mind focused in class, and tried to take good notes. I read what I was supposed to. Or, most of what I was supposed to. I’d always been an A-B student in high school, but my first semester college grades were straight C’s. When I went home for the Christmas break, Dad was not happy and we argued about college. I wanted to try some time off, but he refused. There was lots of the typical "you just need to apply yourself, son," and "you’re better than this." He wouldn’t listen to anything I had to say on the matter.
So, second semester found me back at college and struggling through more classes I didn’t really care about. About a month into the semester, everything came crashing down with one phone call.
I was looking forward to a night at JJ’s and was just walking in the door of the place when my phone rang. It was Bobby. He was out of college now and had moved up to San Franciso for his job. 
"Hey man, listen, this isn’t a good time, I’m–"
"Adam you’ve got to get home. I’m headed out the door right now, but you’re closer, you’ll get there quicker."
"Now? But it’s–"
"Mom just called, she’s a mess. Dad just collapsed, they think it’s a heart attack. It’s bad, Adam."
I felt an icy chill ripple through my bones. I took off at a run for my car and I didn’t even bother to stop at the dorm for anything.
In the end, neither one of us made it home in time. He’d had a sudden massive heart attack and there was just nothing the paramedics could do to bring him back. 
My Dad, my big, tough, strong Dad was gone. I was in a numb state of shock, we all were. But Bobby and I didn’t really have time to deal with our own grief. We both had to be strong for Mom. Bobby took over handling a lot of the funeral details, and trying to take care of her. And I basically just filled in with whatever needed to be done. He would dispatch me to drop something off to the funeral home or stop by the florists to pick up the flowers or run out for food to make sure Mom was eating.
The day of the funeral was probably one of the worst days of my life. Chase had been drafted out of college to play football for the Patriots, so he was living in Boston, but he had still flown all the way home for the funeral. His flight was late getting in, so the first I saw him was at the funeral. He caught my eye and he smiled and lifted his hand in a discreet wave as he took his seat. I was already sitting up front with Mom so I couldn’t go talk to him. I gave him a smile back though. Seeing him settled me somehow. Like things were back to normal, as weird as that sounds. I mean, things would never be "normal" again, with Dad not here, but Chase was so much a part of our family’s lives it just wouldn’t have felt right without him here. I wished I could invite him to come up and sit in the front with us, but the minister was stepping up to the pulpit to start the service.
The funeral was nice, but I was itching for it to be over, itching to get up and run, and just be anywhere but here, watching my father be lowered into the ground. There were a lot of Dad’s old Marine buddies there to pay their respects and he was given full military honors—the 21-gun salute and Taps and the whole nine yards. I watched the crisp, precise moves of the Marines in their dress uniforms as they carefully folded the flag that had lain on his coffin and then presented it to Mom with their sincerest condolences. She quietly accepted it from them and then shed her tears into Bobby’s shoulder.
Afterward, everyone came back to the house for food. There were so many friends and family that we had to greet and talk to, I still didn’t get a chance to talk to Chase. Finally I hit the wall, and I just couldn’t deal with talking to one more person. I stepped out onto the back deck and saw Bobby and his girlfriend, Kate, also taking a breather. He was sitting on one of the lawn chairs, legs stretched out. Kate was sitting on his lap with her arms around him, his head resting on her shoulder. I hated intruding on their quiet moment; God knows Bobby deserved a break from all this too. He looked up when he heard the screen door shut behind me.
He gave me a tired smile. "Everything okay in there?"
"Yeah, I just . . . needed a break."
He nudged Kate and they immediately got up. "Understand. We’ll go take over, you take all the time you need."
He patted me on the shoulder as he passed me.
"Bobby?"
He looked back at me.
"Thanks." It was one word, but the look between us conveyed much more and I knew he understood all that I was really saying. His eyes got shiny and he just nodded with a smile before turning back and continuing into the house.
Finally . . . silence. Well, almost­—I could still hear the murmuring of all the voices in the house and even that was too much right now. So, I walked down the three steps from the deck to the grass and then kept right on going until I was at the edge of the yard. I stopped at the big walnut tree that had been here as long as we had lived here, and settled down on the grass at the foot of it, not caring if my good suit pants got dirty. All I cared about was the clean stillness of the air, and how quiet it was out here. Truly alone for the first time in days, I felt the heaviness start to crash in on me. When I thought of my Dad I kept going back to the last time we’d talked in person, at Christmas, arguing about school. I just kept seeing his angry, frustrated face. That was the last time I’d seen him alive.
I heard the sound of footsteps approaching and I swiped furiously at my wet eyes. 

"Hey, Little A."
I turned my head to look up at him. My lips parted on autopilot to say something but the huge lump in my throat kept any words from coming.
Chase smiled sadly. "How you doing, kid?"
Silent moments passed as I swallowed hard around words that still wouldn’t come. Chase just continued on as if nothing was wrong. He placed his hand against the rough tree bark and looked upward. "Man, do you remember all the time we spent in this tree house when we were kids?"
I stood up and cleared my throat, my voice croaking as I finally spoke. "What do you mean by ‘we?’ You and Bobby spent time in it but Bobby never let me hang out in it with you guys."
"You were too little to climb up to it." He grinned at me mischievously. "But I seem to recall sneaking you up here a few times." 
I had to think on that for a few moments but sure enough I realized he was right. 
"That time you were chasing after Bobby and I, and you broke your Mom’s favorite lamp?"
I grinned. "And you brought me up here and let me hide with you for a while."
"And she blamed Bobby for it because he was the only one left in the house!" We both called out the memory in unison and then busted out laughing.
Next thing I knew, Chase was grabbing onto the ladder rungs still nailed into the tree trunk and hauling his big ass up the tree. 
"Chase, what the hell are you doing?"
"I’m climbing up to the tree house." His voice was muffled and breathless as he yelled over his shoulder. 
"Dumbass, that wood is never going to hold you!" The tree house was seventeen years old. Not only was it tiny, but the wood was probably almost rotted. But, there he was, sitting on the rickety floor grinning back down at me. 
He smacked his hand against the wood to show how secure it was. "It’s fine! Come on up!"
I just shook my head. "You’re crazy!"
"Come on, Little A, are you scared? Do I need to come down there and haul your ass up here like I did when you were little?"
I rolled my eyes, but I took my suit jacket off and dropped it on the ground and headed up the ladder. When I got up there, there was barely enough room for me to sit down, but I somehow managed to squeeze in next to his big football body. I hadn’t been up here in years. I remembered how it had felt when I was little; I thought it was so cool that I could look down on all the world below. I’d felt so big.
Chase reached up and ran his hand down one of the support beams next to us. "I remember the day your Dad built this. I watched from my yard for a while, as he stood among the pile of wood planks." His voice was quiet. A moment passed and then he chuckled. "He was actually letting you and Bobby help, barking out orders to you both. But laughing too, and watching over you both to make sure nobody got hurt. I was a little jealous 'cause my Dad never did anything like that with me. And then, Bobby saw me standing there watching you all, and he waved me over. And your Dad just let me join in with all of you and help too." He paused to chuckle again. "Although I’m sure we were all too young and rowdy to be much help. But he never acted like we were bothering him. You and Bobby were so lucky, he was a great man. I always thought of him as a second Dad. Your whole family was like my second family."
His words brought back all the memories of that day that I’d forgotten. I was really little, but I remember running around and tugging on Dad’s arm to ask a question or bringing him a screwdriver  . . . and I remembered his booming laugh and the smile on his face. 
My chest tightened and my whole body just let go. I couldn’t hold it in anymore. I felt the tears streaming down my face, I felt my shoulders shaking. The dam of pent-up grief was blown all to hell, and once let loose it was unstoppable.
I vaguely registered Chase’s shifting body next to mine, and the next thing I knew he had his arms around me and my face leaning against his chest. 
"Finally . . . go ahead, Little A," he whispered. "Let it go. Just let it all go. I got you." He didn’t try to console me with empty promises of "it’ll be okay," he just sat there and held me while I fell apart.
****
Bobby and I stayed with Mom for a while after the funeral to help handle all the paperwork and phone calls, and cleaning out of some of Dad’s things. Bobby could only spare a week before he had to go back to work. I stayed for another week after he left, but then Mom was shoving me out of the house and back to school.
My professors had been good about letting me miss classes, but now I was incredibly behind and had a lot to catch up on. After a week of burying myself in my books and literally doing nothing but going to class, studying, writing papers and sleeping (and very little of that), I was only halfway caught up to what I’d missed while I was gone. And I was having trouble trying to keep up with the current work. It wasn’t so much that the work was difficult; it was just that it all took so much time. I was exhausted and starting to lose interest again. I tried to motivate myself by thinking of Dad and our argument at Christmas. He wanted this so much for me and I really wanted to give it to him. But, I still didn’t know what I wanted to do with my life and so, I just felt like I was spinning my wheels. Like all this work and studying was just wasted if I didn’t know what I was working toward.
I had just got out of my English class one afternoon, pissed as hell, because I’d gotten a C on a paper I’d worked my ass off on. I was frustrated and upset and I had ten minutes to make it over to my modern history class, and my attitude was not motivating me to want to get there very fast. The last thing I wanted to do at that moment was waste another fucking hour in another hot, stale room, listening to a professor drone on and on and on about something I really didn’t care about. I was heading across the quad when my heart jumped. There was a Marine recruiting table set up with a couple soldiers sitting behind it and glossy brochures set out in front of them. There was one student sitting at one end of the table talking to one of the Marines. There was also a third Marine standing in front of the table, passing a small brochure out to anyone he could snag for two seconds of their time.
A lump formed in my throat because seeing them immediately made me think of Dad. I stopped still for a second or two, and then took a deep breath and continued on. The recruiting table was right in my path to get to the history building so I had to walk by them. I just kept my head down and tried to hurry on my way.
"Sir, how are you today sir, please take into consideration becoming a member of the few, the proud, the United States Marine Corps. after graduation. Thank you, sir, and have a great day."
A brochure had been thrust into my hand as I walked by and then he was gone and on to the next person before my foot completed its step. I stopped and just looked back at him in shock. He certainly had the spiel down pat; that whole little speech had to have taken less than ten seconds. I shook my head and continued on, quicker now and running even later after that little encounter. 
I passed three trashcans on my way, and could have dumped the brochure in any one of them, but for some reason I didn’t. As I rushed into my classroom and plopped my books down on the tiny student desk, there it was on top, the large photo of a young Marine in full dress blues staring right back at me. His face was solemn and at attention, but it wasn’t entirely expressionless. A confidence and a pride clearly shone through. I found myself feeling a small spike of jealousy at this man who already had all his shit together. While I sat here feeling like nothing in my life was fitting right. 
"Some people spend an entire lifetime wondering if they made a difference in the world. Marines don't have that problem." —Ronald Reagan, Former U.S. President. I reread the quote under the photo several times before reaching over and flipping the brochure open.
I don’t think I heard one word the professor said in class that day. I spent the hour reading the brochure and thinking about Dad. He’d spent fifteen years in the Marines and then once Bobby and I came along, he finished out his career in the Reserves before retiring. Dad never really talked much about his time in the Marines and I was really young when he was in the Reserves so I don’t really remember much, other than him occasionally being gone for a weekend or two. I know he loved being a Marine though, and was proud of being one. As I flipped through the brochure I began to understand what drew Dad to the Corps.
People started shuffling their books and desks and I realized class was over. I grabbed my stuff and bolted out of the classroom. Jogging back to the quad I saw the Marine recruiters were just starting to pack up their stuff.
****
I couldn’t sleep that night; I just laid in bed, staring up at the ceiling, thinking about my afternoon. The recruiters were done for the day, but Sergeant Johnston took me for coffee at the student union and we talked for almost two hours. He said I sounded like a young man the Marine Corps. would be proud to have as a brother. But, he said I needed to take some time and really think deeply about the commitment I would be making, and not make a rash decision. He told me to talk to my family and friends.
That list was pretty short. I couldn’t burden Mom with this right now, at least not until I was sure. I thought about Chase briefly, but it would be the middle of the night on the east coast—not that that would bother him, I knew he listen if I needed him. But this was the type of conversation I would have had with Dad. And he wasn’t here.
Finally I jumped out of bed, threw some clothes on, grabbed my wallet and keys and ran out the door.
****
Two hours later, I was standing in front of my brother’s door, bracing myself for the expletives he’d probably throw out at me for waking him up. Finally the door creaked open.
"Adam?" Bobby’s hair was sticking out in all directions and his eyes were struggling to stay open. "What the—" he glanced over his shoulder then turned back to me. "It’s two in the morning man, what’s up? Are you okay? Is something wrong with Mom?"
"No, no it’s not Mom. I just—I needed to talk." He looked at me with this knowing look on his face and didn’t say a word. It may have taken us almost twenty years but we finally had both matured into a real brotherly relationship. And especially now that we were all we had.
Bobby stepped aside and pulled the door open farther to let me in. I walked in and sat down at his kitchen table, just a few steps inside the door. 
"You start the coffee and I’ll be back in a minute." He shuffled off down the hall; I heard the murmured voices, as I knew he was probably telling Kate it was just me.
****
"Jesus, Adam." Bobby had both elbows on the table, his head propped up with one hand. His coffee sat untouched in front of him. His face had a look of disbelief on it. "This is an awfully rash decision. I mean, it’s kind of out of the blue for you. I don’t ever remember you voicing any interest in becoming a Marine before."
"That’s why the recruiter told me I had to take some time and talk to some people before he’d let me sign anything. And yeah, I have to admit I’d never really thought about it before. But Bobby, something about it just feels right. I think I need this. College has just been shit for me since I started and I feel like I’m wasting time."
"So quit for a while, take some time off, explore other options or something. I mean I know Dad didn’t want you to . . . ." He got quiet at the mention of Dad and neither of us said anything for a few moments. "But damn, Adam, the fucking Marines? And now, with all the shit that’s going on in the world?"
"Honoring Dad is one reason I want to do this."
"Yeah? And just what the hell is this going to do to Mom if you come home in a body bag? Have you thought of that? It’s not a question of if you’ll get sent overseas these days, Adam, it’s when."
I swallowed hard. I had to admit I did worry about Mom and it was the only thing making me hesitate.
"Bobby, you know the last thing I want to do is hurt Mom. But I feel like I need to do this for me. I feel like maybe, finally, I’ll be doing something worthwhile. That maybe things will finally make some sense for me."
My brother shook his head and let out a big sigh, staring straight ahead at his full coffee cup and not looking at me. Finally he raised his eyes again. "Well what about the gay thing?"
"The gay thing?"
Bobby gave me an exasperated look. "Come on Adam, don’t play dumb, you know what I’m talking about. You’ve been out since you were sixteen. And Dad was the one who pushed you out, remember? He wanted you to be honest about yourself? Joining the Marines means you’re going to have to hide that you’re gay. To everyone. Are you prepared to do that? And what do you think Dad would say to that huh?"
I felt myself physically wince, and I knew Bobby saw it. Of course I knew I was going to have to hide that part of me. And while yes, it sucked and it was wrong, I didn’t really have a choice if this was what I wanted.

"I know this is going to be a tough road, Bobby. I can’t change the policy of the United States Military. Sometimes there are things that have sacrificed—"
"Christ, you’re already starting to sound like a Marine." Bobby rolled his eyes as he interrupted me. I gave him a hard look before I continued.
"Dad was a Marine, that’s where he learned the code of honor and honesty, and I think he would understand my lying this time. Besides, it’s not going to be forever."
Bobby just shook his head again and scrubbed his face with his hands. There was dead silence between us. The tick-tick-tick of the clock on the wall echoed loudly in the stalemate between us.
Finally, he looked up at me. "Damn, you haven’t had such a determined look on your face since you wanted that junker of a car for your sixteenth birthday and you vowed to work as many jobs as you needed to earn the money for it." He sighed again. "You really want to do this don’t you?" he said quietly.
I nodded. "Yeah, I think I do."
Bobby leaned back in his chair. "Well, you’re an adult, and you can make your own decisions. It’s your life. But you’re telling Mom first. And I want you to talk to Chase."
"Chase?"
"Yeah, he can tell you what it’s like being gay and having to hide it for your job."
My mouth dropped open. "Ch-Chase is gay?"
Bobby looked up at me like I was nuts, then closed his eyes and hung his head. "Shit. He told me I was the only one who knew, but for some reason I just assumed he’d told you too, you both were always so close. Yeah, he told me a few months ago. Playing football in college and now the NFL he just can’t be out, it’d be career suicide, ya know? I think it’s hard on him though, that’s why he finally broke down and told me, he needed someone to know."
****
My mind was reeling as I drove home to Fresno. I couldn’t believe Chase was gay. Jesus. I remembered the huge crush I used to have on him, and all those nights I wished he were gay. And all the nights I felt so embarrassed that I had a crush on him, when he was such a good friend . . . a straight friend. Or a friend I thought was straight. It was too much for me to think about right this minute, and really what did it matter to me now? I needed to focus on getting my life together.
Mom cried when I told her, but surprisingly she was easier to persuade than Bobby. She didn’t like it, but she’d lived with my Dad for thirty years, she understood the call to the Marine Corps.
"Adam, just tell me one thing, and be honest. You’re not doing this as some kind of misguided way of making something up to your father are you? Or trying to make him proud of you? Because you know he was always proud of you, he always loved you, no matter what you wanted to do or be."
I swallowed hard and tears formed in my eyes. It was hard to keep my voice steady as I spoke. "I know Mom. I want to do this. A little for Dad, yes, but mostly for me. I think I need this."
She smiled and nodded, the tears still streaming down her face. "Okay then." And she got up and hugged me while we both cried.
The next day I drove back to school, but instead of going to my dorm I drove straight to the recruiter’s office. I was average-size for a guy, maybe a little on the skinny side—five-foot nine, one hundred forty pounds—so after explaining the written and physical tests I would have to take, he suggested maybe I take a couple of weeks, start some intense exercising to build up my body and endurance before I take the tests.  I was disappointed to have to wait, but I also knew I wanted to pass the tests. So, I created a rigorous schedule for myself and stuck to it, getting up early to get some sit-ups and weight lifting in. Then later in the day I’d go for a run.
In the meantime while I was building up my body, I was tying up other loose ends. I dropped my classes and signed out of college. This was kind of a risky move, because if I wasn’t strong enough or didn’t pass the tests, the Marines wouldn’t take me. I didn’t want to think about that though. I just focused on the positive and doing all could do.
Only one thing I didn’t do—I never contacted Chase. I thought about it several times, I’d open an email and then close it or I’d pick up the phone and then set it back down. I was too afraid he would try to talk me out of joining, too afraid he’d try to discuss hiding and being gay. I didn’t want to talk about it. I just wanted to concentrate on my training and the tests and getting accepted. I could deal with the issue of being gay later.
Finally, the week arrived for my tests. I took the written test and then the physical fitness tests. I was drained when it was all over and all I could do is wait to find out my fate.
The day my recruiter called was one of the most exhilarating of my life. I had done it—I had worked hard and got in. Just the first small step in learning the sense of pride and accomplishment in being a United States Marine.
Two weeks later, I said good-bye to Mom and Bobby and headed off to Camp Pendleton in San Diego to start the rest of my life.



CHAPTER 4

August, 2010
I had just got back to the States after being in Iraq for seven months. It was my first deployment and it had definitely been a life-altering experience. Fighting in a war-zone is something that affects you, changes you and only those who have experienced it with you truly understand. I had been extremely lucky; all my brothers and I had made it home alive and relatively unscathed, physically. All I wanted right now was to enjoy being back home and life returning back to a normal, calm pace. I laugh at that memory now, because the "calm" didn’t last very long. My life was soon altered in a completely different and irreversible way. An ambush I definitely had no training for.
When I left for Recruit Training—Boot Camp—I had no nerves or fears. I had made it through the physical training tests and been accepted, so I thought that meant I could hack the training. In reality, Recruit Training kicked my ass, as it does for every new recruit. That is its purpose, after all. The twelve weeks of training they put new recruits through in the Marines is worse than hell. Physically and emotionally, it is some of the most hellish conditions you can ever put your body through. They break your body and they break your spirit so they can build you back up with the morals and values and honor code of a Marine. When it is all over, though, and you’ve survived and they tell you, "You are now a United States Marine" all the pain is forgotten. All you feel is pride and accomplishment and joy.
Mom and Bobby came down for my graduation. Mom had tears in her eyes. The sun was shining bright and strong, and I couldn’t help but feel it was Dad looking down on me with pride. At least I hoped he could see what his son had become.
In training you’re so exhausted all the time, your only concerns are eating, sleeping and doing what you’re told. So I didn’t really have time for emails or phone calls. And worrying about being gay wasn’t even a concern, plus my dick was too tired to even get it up anyway. About two weeks in to training, I got an email from Chase. 
Hey Little A,
I talked to Bobby. He told me he told you about me, and I’m glad you know. I just wanted to say I’m sorry I didn’t tell you myself. It’s just . . . well, as you surely know now, it’s sometimes better the less people who know, you know?
I realize you are already at training and it’s too late to change your decision now. I was shocked when Bobby told me you wanted to enlist to be a Marine. I hope you do well and are happy if this is really what you want.
But I will tell you that what you’ve chosen is a tough, tough road. And I’m not talking about the Marine stuff, although I’m sure that is hard enough by itself. You know what I’m really talking about. 
I wish you had talked to me before you left. I do respect your decision, if this is what you feel is best for you. Just . . . be careful. I don’t know if you get much free time while you’re training, but please call or email anytime if you need to talk.
Stay safe and take care of yourself,
C
There really wasn’t any free time during boot camp, so I was saved from answering his email. Besides, I had to be careful what I said on the public computers we used, and I had no private time for a phone call.
Eventually, after I graduated I emailed him and we corresponded back and forth a few times sporadically, but we never talked about being gay or the hiding we were both doing for our respective careers. I didn’t feel the need to talk about it, it was what it was. 
I had been lucky and had been able to stay in California for my recruit and rifleman training at Camp Pendleton. After that I got sent off to training for my specialty, the job I would have in the Marine Corps. I wanted to work in Communications, do something with technology or computers. My drill instructor recommended I try training for a Field Radio Operator, as there was currently a dire need for Operators and he thought I had what it took to succeed in the position. I was more than happy to be recommended and sent wherever I could best be utilized. 
I spent some time in Oklahoma first. It was there that my routine began to "normalize." Training took up most of the daylight hours during the week, but nights and weekends were free time. The base was sort of out in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but cows and fields once you got off base. Most of the soldiers traveled to Oklahoma City on the weekends to find some signs of life and let off a little steam. It was here that the reality of having to hide that I was gay finally hit me square in the face. The first weekend I was there, a bunch of the single guys got together to go to the city, and of course I went along when invited. I was looking forward to bonding with the guys and having a few beers myself. Until we ended up at a strip club. 
I tried to hang back and act like I was interested in watching the girls. But then one of the strippers shimmied over my way and asked if I wanted a lap dance. I was politely trying to say no when one of the guys, McIntire, noticed and started ribbing me and then got the other guys in on the action, hooting and hollering and egging me on. My gut twisted as I finally dug twenty bucks out of my pocket and tucked it into her G-string. She immediately straddled my hips and started rubbing up against me and shaking her tits in my face. I kept thinking back to when I was sixteen  with Tiffany and the lying I had done then. And Dad’s words to me. Still, I was trapped; there was nothing I could do unless I wanted to give up all that I worked so hard for. And I definitely didn’t want that. I loved being a Marine, I loved what they had made me and I finally enjoyed what I was doing with my life. If I had to give up this little part of myself for it then so be it. Suck it up, Marine. Our instructors were always telling us that—okay, usually yelling it at us—when we were exhausted and things got tough. I would just have to do the same here. So I smiled and leered and imitated the other guys and pretended like I was enjoying it. Only she knew the truth—that I wasn’t hard—but she wasn’t going to spill my secret as long as she got her money.
After that, I learned how to play the game. I was a little more careful about when I hung out with the guys, joining them if I knew they were going to a bar to watch the game, for example. But trying to avoid it when I knew they were going out on the prowl.
As for me, when the "need" got too much to take, I went to a library in the city, did a little googling and found a few gay bars. It was still damn risky and the first time I almost turned around and went back to the base. Not only was I in trouble if someone found out I was a Marine, but Oklahoma was not the most gay-friendly state to be living in. But the bar turned out to be perfect; it had all the necessities—men, alcohol, and a back room.
By the time I got back to the base that night, my ass was sore, my dick was soft and I got a very good night’s sleep.
As well as the first experience had gone, I still limited my "trips" to as few times as possible, only going when I really needed to relieve some tension. The third time I went, I was into my second drink and starting to get a good buzz started when I turned around to find myself staring right into the face of one of the corporals from the base. My blood turned ice cold and I almost spilled my drink on the bar from my hand shaking so bad. He reached out and steadied my hand and smiled at me, before leaning in to speak in my ear.
"Relax, Private. Now, would I be here if I weren’t looking for the same thing you were?" His eyebrow rose to punctuate his words, and I let out a large breath as I realized what he was saying. We chatted for a bit, he gave me some tips about how to handle the subterfuge involved in being a gay Marine, and then we ended the evening in the back room.
After that night we got together a few more times, meeting other places off base. It was just convenient sex for both of us, taking advantage of being with someone neither of us had to worry would tell on the other, since we both had the same things to lose. 
And it didn’t last very long, as I was soon off to another base for more training. Six months later I was sent to Iraq.
Now that I was back in the states, I was home for a couple weeks of R & R, staying at Mom’s before heading to my next base assignment, which was thankfully at Camp Pendleton. Mom was thrilled that not only was I home again, safe and sound, but that I was going to get to stay in California. I didn’t tell her that I had already been warned I would be deployed again, I just didn’t know when. It was generally required a soldier be given at least a year between deployments but with my specialty and the wars still going on in the Middle East, I was looking at probably less than a year before getting called back. Which sucked and was against the rules, but if I was needed, I was needed.
Bobby and Kate were over for dinner the night before I was heading back to Pendleton. He and I were hanging out in the living room, relaxing with a beer and watching a baseball game while Kate and Mom finished up in the kitchen.
"I gotta say man, you’re looking good for only being back two weeks from a war. Are you really doing as good as you look?"
I chuckled. "Yeah, I’m really okay. Although PT is gonna be hell this week, after all the food Mom has forced on me. I must have gained ten pounds."
Bobby snorted and threw a couch pillow at me. "Oh yes, I’m sure Mom forced you to eat her cooking."
We both laughed and turned back to the TV.
"Oh hey, I almost forgot, Chase is living in San Diego now, you need to hook up with him. I think he just bought a house."
"Chase? In San Diego? Did he get traded to the Chargers?"
Bobby gave me a funny look over his beer as he took a big swig of it. "The Chargers? Aw no, shit, I forgot. You probably didn’t hear cause it was right after you left for Iraq. No, he quit football. He’s working with some non-profit thing, working with underprivileged kids or something. Seriously, what happened with you two? You used to be so close when we all were kids. Hell, I couldn’t get rid of you half the time cause he’d let you hang out with us."
I didn’t say anything, because I really didn’t have a good answer. I could blame it on time and distance, but there was more to it than that. Both of us being gay and being in fear of anyone finding out—emails could be hacked and phone calls could be overheard—left a wall between us when we communicated. We had to be ultra careful and it was like the elephant in the room we couldn’t talk about, which was just uncomfortable for me. So I had pulled back and our relationship had suffered for it.
****
Two weeks later I had just got back to the barracks, happy, but tired that the week was over when my cell phone number rang with a number I didn’t recognize. I was completely shocked when I heard the voice at the other end.
"Little A, what’s up, man?"
"Chase? Shit. I’m good, man. Or at least, as good as I can be after ten hours of field and classroom training. I’m ready to find a shower, some food and a pillow and maybe not in that order."
He laughed and the deep melodious sound rumbled right across the phone lines and through my whole body, stopping right at my dick.
"Jesus, kid. Well, they do let you out of there once in a while, right? I was hoping we could meet up for lunch or something. It’s been too damn long, Little A."
We made plans to meet up the next day at a sports bar in San Diego that Chase swore had a casual atmosphere and great food. After I hung up the phone, I stared at it for a few minutes, embarrassed by my not keeping in touch with him and yet he acted like it was nothing, like we talked everyday. 
My dick clearly still responded to him. Jesus, my crush on him was years ago, and I’d had plenty of men since then. I really hadn’t thought of him in that way anymore, and yet just the sound of his voice elicited some kind of pavlovian response in my dick, jumping to attention like an eager puppy. Shaking my head, I locked my phone in my drawer and headed for a shower. Make that a cold shower.
****
The next day, I had to admit that I was a little nervous as I drove to San Diego to meet Chase. It was silly, since we’d known each other for so long. But I hadn’t seen him in person since Dad’s funeral, almost three years ago.
When I got to the restaurant he was already there. I saw him in a booth at the back of the room and started walking towards him. As soon as he saw me, he stood up, a big smile on his face.
"Hey, Little . . . um, well. Wow, look at you! I guess you’re not so little anymore are you?" He eyed me from head to toe. I was still as tall as I had been the last time he’s seen me, but I stood a little straighter as habit from the Marine training and had packed on another fifteen pounds of muscle.
I wasn’t the only one who had changed. Chase was still taller and bigger than me but he had lost a little of the stockiness from football, and his hair was a little more neatly trimmed. He was always incredible looking before, but now he looked even better, if that was even possible. Thank God I’d worn my loosest jeans, 'cause my dick was going to have a hard time behaving itself.
As we both started to sit down, Chase continued talking. "I mean it, you really look great, Adam. Not just physically but you really do look more confident and happier. Apparently being a Marine really agrees with you."
"It does. I really love it."
He chuckled and shook his head as he stared at me across the table. "Man, I never would have guessed in a million years when we were kids that you would end up a Marine."
"'Cause I was such a wimpy, dweeby little kid?"
"Nah, you were pretty tough for keeping up with Bobby and me. No, I just . . . I don’t know, it just never seemed like something you would have been into. All that regimented structure."
"Yeah, but that was exactly what I ended up needing. I needed to straighten my life up and make some sense of it, you know? And find some purpose."
He studied me quietly and nodded. "Well, I’m glad you found what makes you happy."
The waitress interrupted at that moment to take our orders. Chase said the burgers at this place were out of this world, so we both ordered burgers and fries and beer.
"So, what’s been up with you lately? Bobby said you left the football team on your own?" I asked, the minute the waitress left the table, before Chase could start a new conversation.
Chase’s expression was something between a smile and a grimace. "Well, for one thing, I was never going to be a first string star player in the NFL. I mean yeah, I still made some good money, but I didn’t want to tear up my body for the rest of my life just for that. And the other reason—the real reason, actually," he paused and looked me in the eye. "I got tired of not being able to be who I really was. I didn’t want to hide any more and yeah, I suppose I could have come out nationally, but frankly, football just wasn’t that important to me, to deal with all the backlash and controversy and shit that would have went along with coming out."
I nodded silently. 
"So what’s it been like for you, Adam? I mean I know what it was like around professional football players and the comments got pretty homophobic at times. Not to mention having to dance around their questions or pretend I was dating some girl."
I winced inwardly. As long as I was trying to avoid this topic, the discussion had naturally detoured there, like it or not.
I sighed. "Honestly, Chase, it hasn’t really been that big of a deal. I mean I’ve been moved around so much; I’ve never had any long-term relationship to have to worry about. Most of the time we’re so busy and focused on the task at hand, that I wouldn’t have had time for a relationship anyway. And there are ways to . . . ." I could feel my whole face get hot at my next words. " . . . get my needs met, without anyone finding out."
Chase just raised his eyebrows at that last sentence.
"Oh now, don’t go all shocked on me Chase, you were in the same situation, you surely did the same thing. Found the same ways to get what you wanted?"
He nodded soberly. "Well, of course, but eventually you start wanting a little more than just quick gratification. Something a little longer lasting."
I smirked evilly. "Aw, Chase, are you having trouble finding someone with staying power?" It was impossibly hard to resist making fun of the innuendo in his words, but I also was secretly trying to get us off of this topic. And with a little help from the waitress it worked. 
Chase rolled his eyes. "I take back everything I said about the Marines making you better. You’re still a little shit."
I laughed just as the waitress walked up with our food. The moment was broken and the topic died, as we moved on to other conversations.
We stayed at the restaurant for another couple of hours, talking about sports and our families and laughing and joking around. It was comfortable, just like old times and I began to realize how much I missed being around him.
"So, Bobby said you were working for some non-profit organization?"
Chase’s eyes lit up and his whole face changed as he started describing the place he worked for called KIT—Kids Included Together. It was a national organization based in San Diego that helped work toward inclusion of both healthy kids and kids with disabilities into programs of learning and recreation. He talked for about twenty minutes straight about what they did at the organization and the kids he’d met.
"Chase, that’s awesome, man, that you’ve found something you like doing and feel so passionate about. Even better that it’s such a worthwhile cause. That was exactly how I felt about the Marines."
I could see the light bulb go off in his head as the recognition hit him. "All right, all right, I guess I get it now. Although no matter how much you like what you do, it can’t be easy having to go fight a war half a world away." His eyes seared right into mine, those same beautiful blue-gray eyes I remembered from when I was thirteen and crushing on him. They still made my heart skip a beat and my dick pressed against my jeans a little more. Damn.
I knew he was trying to offer me a chance to talk about Iraq, but it wasn’t the time or place. "Nah, it’s not," was all I gave him and thankfully he didn’t push.
I asked him about his house and he described it and the work he was wanting to do to it, but that it was slow going since he was trying to do it all himself.
"Why don’t you just hire people to come do all that for you? Where are all the millions from your football career?"
He snorted. "Remember I said I was second string. They don’t pay second stringers millions. I mean, yeah, I probably made better money than most people at a normal nine-to-five job, but I tried to be smart and put a lot in investments and stuff for the future. And working for a non-profit agency is not exactly a big-money career either. I did buy the house with some of my football money, though."
Suddenly his face got animated and he sat up a little straighter in his seat. Oh no—I recognized this look on him from when we were kids. It meant he had just come up with an idea.
I narrowed my eyes. "What?" I asked slowly.
He smiled. "How’d you like to come over on the weekends and give me a hand? I’m still fairly new to San Diego; I don’t really have any other friends to ask. And surely you need to get off of that base once in a while, right? I’ll get us tickets to some Padres games!"
I laughed. "What the hell? Are you trying to coerce me to help you with offers of baseball tickets?"
He just widened his smile and waggled his eyebrows at me. Damn. A warm flush hit me all over. I was going to say yes anyway, I was just trying to give him grief first. But he looked so adorable with that smile; there was no way I would resist. Besides it would really be fun to have someone off base to hang out with, right? Right. 
"Throw in some beer and a pizza and you’ve got a deal."
He promised to email me directions to his house and we made plans to get together next Saturday.
As I drove back to base, I mulled over the afternoon and what I had agreed to. It had been great to see Chase again, but I hadn’t expected to be so attracted to him. Again. I mean, it was one thing when I was a kid just discovering I was gay. I probably would have popped wood at any hot guy that was around as much as he was at our house. But it had been years since I’d thought of him that way. Although thinking back I realized I hadn’t really seen him since I was a teenager. Just briefly at Dad’s funeral and I was too upset to think of anything else then. I wondered if hanging out with Chase now was going to be a good idea or was it going to be a frustrating exercise in blue balls just like it had been when I was a kid? Of course, now I knew what I didn’t know then—that Chase was gay. But we had been friends for so long, and he was Bobby’s best friend. That was an awful lot of history to risk on a few good times in bed.
The barracks were pretty empty when I got back, being a Saturday. I managed to get some alone time in the shower to ease the pressure of the semi I’d had all afternoon. I tried really hard not to think of Chase, but his face kept popping up every time I closed my eyes.
****
The week passed by quickly and uneventfully. It helped being able to keep my head in the training I was doing, and not on the coming weekend. But as Saturday morning arrived and I found myself on the road to San Diego again, I found myself feeling a little antsy and nervous. I felt like an idiot. It’s just Chase, I kept trying to tell myself.
I stopped at a small bakery and picked up some doughnuts; Chase had promised he’d have the coffee brewed and ready.
Chase’s house was in a nice, quiet neighborhood. White stucco, Spanish-style, decent-sized but still modest. 
"Hey man, welcome. Right on time." Chase’s hair was still dark and slick from the shower and he had on an old faded Patriots shirt that was stretched nicely by the muscles hidden underneath.
I swallowed hard. "It’s a Marine thing. Haven’t been late for anything since I signed my enlistment papers." 
He chuckled and shook his head as he turned and walked away. His jeans were obviously an old pair he now used to work around the house in and fuck, if there wasn’t a ripped hole near one of the back pockets showing a peek of green briefs underneath. I was thinking maybe I shouldn’t have agreed to this as I followed Chase. 
"Come on," he said, "I’ll give you a quick tour."
The house was cozy on the inside but I could see why he’d said it needed some work. There were some little cracks on the walls that would need some patching and the previous owners had used some pretty awful colors on the walls. The front door I’d come in opened into the living room, so that was where we started.
"Ugh, what the hell color is that wall?"
"I don’t know, but I refer to it fondly as baby-shit green," he called out to me over his shoulder as we kept moving further into the house.
"Fondly? Are you blind?"
Chase laughed out loud. "No, but I think the previous owners might have been."
Upstairs were two bedrooms and a bathroom.  I peeked in the spare room and the bathroom, but avoided Chase’s bedroom. It felt too intimate to be seeing his bedroom. Luckily, he was too busy talking to notice, explaining all of the things he’d like to change and update in the house.
Downstairs there was another half-bath, a laundry room, and the kitchen, where Chase ended the tour with the fragrant smell of coffee filling the air.
Chase reached into a cupboard for coffee mugs, then smirked as he turned back toward me.
"How do you take your coffee?" 
"Just black. And what are you smirking about?"
Chase walked over to the kitchen table with the two full mugs. "It just felt weird to be serving you coffee now and not a juice box."
I rolled my eyes. "Okay, if this shit like ‘I remember when you were nine’ is going to continue all day, I’m out that door. You do realize I know fifty ways to kill you with my bare hands now, don’t you? And you’ve drank beer with me."
Chase held up his hands in surrender and chuckled. "I know, I know, I’m sorry. I just—I don’t know, I’m still getting used to the idea of us as adults you know, drinking coffee together. I apologize." His eyes leveled right on mine and I almost thought I saw a flicker of something there. "You’ve grown into quite a man, Adam."
I didn’t know what to say. My face felt warm, so I just kept it simple. "Thanks, man, that means a lot."
After that, things lightened up. Chase laid out the plans for his first project. He wanted to add a deck on to the back of the house. He had all the wood and supplies outside and the measurements all drawn up on paper.
We got started and things progressed well. Chase was super easy to work with and our work styles really clicked. 
The problems were whenever he bent over and those green briefs peeking out from the peephole in his jeans taunted me. More than once, Chase had to repeat what he said, because I was distracted. 
We broke for lunch and Chase went inside to get the food together. I finished nailing the last board onto the part we had done, then headed in. The day was turning quite warm and the sweat was pouring down my face, so as I walked into the kitchen, I pulled up the hem of my shirt and wiped down my face.
"Fu—"
Chase was mumbling something, but I missed what he said. "What was that?" I lowered my shirt back down and looked up to see Chase just standing there staring at me. His eyes were dark and if he were any other gay man I would have no doubt what that look meant. But this was Chase and there was no way he was interested in me, he certainly had never appeared to think of me as anything more than a friend before.
Whatever the look was, it disappeared just as fast and the moment was over. Chase turned back to the counter to finish the sandwiches he was making. He started talking about the deck again and that was that.
After lunch we worked until the sun was starting to set. The deck was looking pretty good; another Saturday and we’d be done.
After we packed up all the tools and cleaned up, I decided I should hit the road.
"No way, man, I promised you pizza and beer, so pizza and beer we will have." Chase looked down at his watch. "And, the baseball game is on. We can watch the rest of it!"
"It sounds great but I’m pretty rank here. I don’t think you want me in your house."
Chase chuckled. "I do have a bathroom with a shower, even though it may be painted fuchsia right now. Go on up and shower the stink off and I’ll get some clothes you can borrow."
I hesitated, not sure this was a good idea, but he seemed insistent. 
"Go on. Clean towels are in the cabinet across from the sink. I’ll order the pizza. Sausage and mushroom still your favorite?"
I nodded and headed upstairs. When I got out of the shower there was a t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants waiting for me on the sink top. The shirt was a little loose and longer than mine usually were, and the sweatpants were too long but I just rolled up the ends.
I left the bathroom and looked down the hallway but didn’t see Chase anywhere. 
"Chase? Chase, I’m done in the shower, if you want—" I walked down toward his bedroom and looked in to find him bent over taking his jeans off, his ass in those tight green briefs staring right at me. And then if that wasn’t bad enough, he turned around when he heard my voice and I was now given a spectacular view of his hard, firm, well-developed chest. Christ, it was near impossible to keep my eyes from roaming his entire body. He had just the right amount of chest hair that led down to those fucking green briefs. I could just imagine running my fingers over him . . . and down . . . .
I felt my dick start to stiffen and no wonder, I think every drop of blood in my body headed straight there. In the meantime he was still looking at me expectantly. Our eyes locked for a minute and I swore there was something crackling in the air between us.
"Adam . . . ?"
I looked away, I had to before I said or did something I shouldn’t. "I’m done in the bathroom."
"Okay. Hey, I left the money for the pizza guy on the kitchen table, if he comes while I’m in the shower."
I was already on my way downstairs. I couldn’t think of him in the shower, I had enough of a problem right now. No. Couldn’t think of him wet and naked and soaping himself up. Maybe stroking his cock. Shit. My dick was hardening faster than I could try and stop it. 
In the living room, the game was already on the TV. I settled on the couch and kept fidgeting and moving position, uncomfortable over the physical situation I was in. I tried thinking of anything unsexy I could, to get my cock to settle down. It finally calmed down a little by the time Chase came back downstairs. He was dressed again, thank God, but I still tried to avoid looking at his body.
Two hours later, pizza devoured, beers drank and the game over, I was finally feeling more relaxed again. Chase was just so easy to hang out with. Once we started watching the game and talking baseball and stats and trash talking the other team, things were back to normal. We were great buddies. That’s it. All I needed to do was remember that.
I got ready to change back into my dirty, smelly clothes for the ride back to base, when Chase told me to keep the shirt and just bring it back next time. I had to wear my jeans though, because none of Chase’s would have fit.
"Are you sure you’re okay to drive, man? Cause you know you can crash in the spare bedroom?" Chase said as he walked me to the front door.
"Nah, I’m okay, I only had a couple of beers with the pizza, and that’s been a while ago."
"All right, well, be careful. I don’t want to hear that you drove off the road into a ditch or something."
I grinned at him. "Thanks for your concern, but I know you really just don’t want to lose the free labor before your deck is finished."
"Why you—" Chase tried to put me in a fake headlock like he used to do when we were kids. It wasn’t as easy anymore now that I was older and bigger, but the feel of his chest against my back and his warm breath against my neck as he held me close to him was a whole other form of torture.
He quickly released me and sobered up. "I am serious though, man, when I say thanks for all of the help. We’re more than half done and there’s no way I would have gotten that far on my own. We still on for next Saturday to finish it up?"
I’d already promised earlier in the day, so I couldn’t back out now. "Sure, absolutely."
We said our good nights and then I got in my truck to head back to base. I tried to think about other things, but my mind kept drifting back to the day. I hadn’t found anyone in a very long time that I enjoyed hanging out with as much as I did Chase. Even just as friends. The shirt he’d given me smelled just like him, and trapped in the confined cab of the truck, it was all I could concentrate on. My poor dick was hard again and waving the white flag of surrender. I was going to have to hit the showers again before bed; I just prayed the other guys were still out for the night.
However, when I got back to the barracks several of the guys were there, just getting back in like I was. They’d apparently gone out with some girls they met the weekend before but hadn’t gotten as lucky as they were hoping to, since they were back so early.
I was putting my dirty clothes from the day in my laundry duffle for tomorrow, while the guys were razzing each other back and forth about the evening and making some negative comments about the girls. Once they’d died down, one of the worst of the bunch, Kowalski, started giving me this suspicious look.
"Nice shirt, Shepherd, what the hell did you do, wander into the big boys department by mistake?" The other guys laughed at his ribbing but didn’t seem to give me much notice. Kowalski wandered over a little closer to my bunk. He was a big guy himself, so he could get away with making fun that I was smaller than he was. And that I was obviously smaller than whoever the real owner of the shirt was. Anxiety started to spread through me, even though I knew I had no reason to be fearful. 
"A good buddy of mine, long-time friend of my family, lives in San Diego. I spent the day helping him build a deck on his new house and he lent me this shirt. It was pretty hot and sticky today and my old one got pretty nasty."
He still had that damn look on his face, like he didn’t believe me. "Umm hmm . . ." he intoned, as if he was debating saying something else,
I was trying to stay calm even though I was now getting kind of pissed along with the fear of what he was insinuating. No matter what I felt for Chase deep down, everything I had just told him was the complete truth.
He was standing within reach of me, so I pulled my dirty shirt out of my bag and shoved it toward his face. "Do you want proof?"
Kowalski turned his nose away immediately and started walking away, "I was just joking with ya’ Shepherd, sheez. I don’t need to smell any more of your funk, I get enough of that during the week." He paused and gave me a very direct look over his shoulder. "No need to get so defensive, Marine."
I didn’t need a shower anymore, that conversation completely deflated my erection and sent my balls hiding for cover. I went to bed but didn’t get much sleep, my mind turning Kowalski’s words over and over. I couldn’t understand the sudden suspicious looks from him; he’d never seemed to pay me much attention before. Although he was one of the more crass and rude personalities in the company. And I couldn’t think of anything I’d ever done before that might cast suspicion on my sexuality. I mean, I’d done enough time hanging out with the guys outside of the base and I’d always felt like I fit right in as a "regular guy."
After that encounter though, I always made sure I carried a spare set of clothes in the truck when I went to Chase’s.
****
Wednesday, I got a text from Chase:
Scored tickets 2 the Padres game Sun! So bring a bag & plan 2 spend the wknd at Casa Michaels. : )
Shit. I spent the rest of the week trying to think of plausible excuses I could give, but by Friday night my brain had given up on the idea and honestly, I didn’t feel right lying to Chase, anyway.
So, there I was on his doorstep Saturday morning, 0900 hours right on the dot. And damn if he wasn’t wearing those same holey jeans again. This time with bright blue briefs. I wanted to razz him about them, hoping maybe he’d take the hint and quit wearing those particular jeans. Then again, I didn’t want him to think I was looking at his ass all the time, either.
The good thing was that we actually got the deck all completed. To celebrate, Chase grilled steaks and potatoes and we ate dinner outside on the new deck and watched the sun set. I hated to admit it, but it was actually pretty perfect. Since I didn’t have to drive home I drank a couple more beers than I normally would have. I was relaxed enough that I caught myself several times blatantly staring at Chase. At his dimples when he smiled or laughed. At the five-o-clock shadow on his chin that I was dying to lick. At the way his lips wrapped around the mouth of his beer bottle and the way his adam’s apple bobbed as he drank. I could just imagine other places those lips would be useful. I swore, every time I thought he wasn’t looking I was reaching down and trying to adjust myself, which was not easy. My dick was so hard there wasn’t much I could do to disguise it.
****
"Adam? Adam? Come on, man, wake up."
"uummm . . . yes, coming . . . ." Suddenly my head jerked up and my eyes opened—to find Chase’s face inches from mine. Just a little more movement, a little bit farther and we could be kissing. A few beats passed as we just stared into each other’s eyes, Chase’s flickering with that "something" that I swore I saw last weekend. The booze in my system fueled me to lean a little closer just at the same moment Chase chose to step back and straighten up. He chuckled, but it sounded forced.
"Dude, I go inside for like ten minutes and come out to find you out like a light! I either wore you out today or you’re a lightweight with the beer."
My heart sank. It was dark so I knew he wouldn’t be able to see the disappointment that had to be splashed across my face. 
"Yeah, well it’s been a tough week . . . a lot of physical training." I lied. "I guess I’d better hit the sack early."
In the spare bedroom, all I did was toss and turn. I finally got up and went into the small half-bathroom that was attached to the bedroom and jerked myself off. I took some of my frustration out on my cock, stroking and pulling quick and rough, and biting on a towel to muffle my shouts as I came into the stupid sink.
After I cleaned up I stood there for a while staring at myself in the mirror. I was angry that I couldn’t seem to control my body around Chase. Angry that he obviously didn’t see me as anything other than his buddy, his old childhood friend. And I was angry that this was interfering in my friendship with him. Because above all, I didn’t want to lose that. But I also didn’t know how to fix this.
I woke the next morning with a clearer perspective—I would bury my feelings and continue on. I rationalized that my problem was just that I hadn’t been around Chase in so long, and if I ignored my feelings long enough they would eventually go away. Yes, that made sense.
The ball game was easier to get through than I expected. In part, I smugly told myself, because of the decision I had made that morning. In reality, I think it was mostly the baseball game—it gave me something else to focus on other than Chase.
Even though the deck was done, Chase did have more stuff he could use some help with, mainly the interior of the house. Luckily, he said he couldn’t work next weekend. He didn’t say why and I didn’t probe him, only too happy to have some time and distance between him and I.
The next Friday night I went out with some of the other guys. I froze up when one of them invited Kowalski, but relaxed when he said he had other plans. He hadn’t said any more to me, but I’d caught him looking at me a couple of times since our last encounter and I worried about what vile thoughts were running around in that stupid brain of his.
Saturday night, I decided, exactly what I needed was to get laid. My own hand had been busy enough lately; it deserved a night off.
I had done some searching and found a great gay bar. It was a little out of the way and not as big as some others, but still had a big enough crowd to get lost in. Or at least that was what I had thought.
I hadn’t been there very long when I noticed a couple across the bar. It took me a couple of seconds to realize where I recognized the one kid from. I had seen him around the base; I think he was stationed in the barracks next to ours. He glanced at me nervously a couple of times and I finally just gave him a little nod and a smile. I could see the relief in his face as he nodded and smiled back. The secret handshake of a gay soldier.
I kept an eye on him for a while after that, just to make sure he wasn’t getting into any trouble, but it soon became clear he and that other boy were an actual couple—always holding hands or having an arm around each other or a hand on a thigh. I even caught them kissing a couple of times and the look on both of their faces afterward clearly showed how in love they were. It kind of floored me actually. As a Marine, I had never really considered a real relationship was possible for us. There were just too many things fighting against it—the constant moving, the deployments and time away from home. And of course, hiding in the closet and the danger of being discovered being the biggest and the worst. But these two had obviously found a way to make it work.
Realizing my fellow Marine was well taken care of, I turned my attention back to tonight’s intended purpose, Operation Get Fucked Silly. I was not a big dancer at these types of clubs but I did enjoy the view. So, I had a couple more drinks and was casing the floor, tracking a couple of possibilities, when I saw him. I very nearly dropped my entire beer on the floor. At first, I thought maybe it was just someone who looked like him, but I soon realized it really was him. Chase was standing across the room—with another guy’s arm casually draped around his waist. My whole stomach flipped and I felt the sour alcohol rise in my throat.
I had never in a million years considered that Chase’s plans this weekend involved another guy. And they certainly seemed very chummy, so this was clearly not some random guy he had just picked up. Shit, were they seeing each other? Chase had never mentioned he was with someone, although frankly neither one of us talked about that part of our lives. Which is why I assumed he was single. Jesus, and to think I had almost kissed him the other night. Talk about embarrassing crisis averted.
I couldn’t drag my eyes away from them. The other guy was the same height as Chase, skinnier and with short black hair that was styled perfectly into place. He had on a dark purple—yes, purple—long-sleeved button down shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbow and black dress slacks. Chase had a similar shirt on in a dark blue shade, and dark-rinse jeans. And fuck, he looked hot.
And then to just make the night even better, just at the split second I was reaching into my pocket to pay for my drinks so I could get the hell out of there, he spotted me. He was looking right at me; I knew he had to see me. Shit. I gave him a weak smile and a tip of my beer bottle. He smiled back and then whispered something to his date before he disentangled himself and headed straight over to me. I watched the guy he was with give Chase a nasty look as he walked away toward me, and I grinned a little snidely. He clearly didn’t like Chase ditching him to go talk to another guy.
"Adam, wow, what a surprise."
"I’ll say, dude." I nodded in the direction of the leech, who was watching us like a hawk with a very sour look on his face. "How come you never mentioned you were seeing someone?"
Chase looked a little uncomfortable. "Uh, well, ah . . . I wouldn’t say we’re seeing each other exactly. I mean, we’ve had a few dates. We’re still feeling each other out. We met online."
"No shit. For real?" I smirked, but decided not to rib him about online dating. 

Chase rolled his eyes, knowing what I was thinking. "Well, I told you that I’m looking for something a little more permanent, I’m done with the one-night stand or picking up a trick just to get off. So I thought I’d use some different avenues to try and meet someone who was looking for the same things I was."
"And he’s what you’re looking for?" Okay that was a little rude but it just came out before I could stop it. 
His lips formed a thin line and I could see his jaw muscle clench. Yeah, I had overstepped. 
"He’s . . . a decent guy.  I’m trying to give it a shot."
"And that sounds like a ringing endorsement."
"Adam."
Even in the dark club, I could see the disappointment in his eyes. I took one last, deep drink of my beer and slammed the bottle back down on the bar a little louder than I’d intended.
"Look, whatever makes you happy, Chase." I nodded toward his date, who was still giving us the evil eye. "So, good luck. I hope you have a good evening with Prince Charming over there. I, in the meantime am actually looking for a little something fun for tonight and I haven’t quite found it yet, so I’m gonna keep looking. The night is still young." I waggled my eyebrows at him and walked away. 
I knew I had acted like an asshole to him, but I couldn’t help it. Something just got under my skin, seeing him with that other guy. With his hand touching Chase like Chase was his. It made me sick and made me—aw shit. I was fucking jealous. I wanted to be the one touching Chase. I wanted to be the one whispering in his ear. 
Chase and I kept catching each other’s eyes all night. He really didn’t look very happy with this guy. Knowing he was watching me, I admittedly went a little over the top with my usual flirtations. Normally I played it a little more cautious and subtle, trying to pick just the right guy. But tonight, every time I saw Chase look my way I made sure I was touching or talking to someone different. I also drank a little more than I normally would.
Eventually I found a guy who’d do for the night. He was tall, dark and muscled and, I realized later, looked a little like Chase, especially if I squinted my eyes just right and put earplugs in to drown out his voice. The last thing I remembered was the mournful look on Chase’s face as I left out the side door with this guy.
****
I blinked my eyes. There was light and birds chirping. Birds? What the— I opened my eyes further and sat up. I was in my truck, shirtless and buck naked with my pants and boxers undone and down around my thighs. I looked outside and realized there were trees around me. As my eyes adjusted more to being awake, I saw the bar in the distance. Shit. Had I been here all night? Slowly my memories started coming back. That guy and I left the bar . . . and we had obviously driven my truck back here, out of sight, thank God. We had started getting down to it, getting clothing off . . . he was on top, grinding against me . . . and he came too quickly! Yes! So he tried sucking me off and I couldn’t keep it up and . . . I finally kicked him out. 
Christ. What did I just do? I’ve never done anything like that before. I always watched how much I drank when I was planning to pick up a stranger because I wanted my wits about me. And I’d never had a problem getting it up before. But I thought I knew what the answer to that was—although anonymous dude looked like Chase, he wasn’t Chase. Shit.
Realizing I was still sitting here naked in broad daylight, I quickly pulled my pants up and found my T-shirt on the floor. I started the truck and got the heck out of there.
I was hoping I could sneak into my bunk, but Marines rise early even on a Sunday. There were whoops and catcalls from some of the guys who were up, when they saw me come dragging in. And Kowalski, who of course, had to get in on the action.
"Shepherd, you look like hell, my man. Did some chick keep your dick too busy to sleep last night?"
He was watching for my answer but I knew how to play the game by now. "Yes, she did. All night long." There were more hoots and hollers and I knew I had effectively passed the test enough with the other guys to shut Kowalski up for now.
I didn’t hear from Chase all week, and the more time that passed, the worse I felt. I had been such an ass that night; I didn’t blame him for not speaking to me. 
I was trying to figure out what the hell I was going to do, when my brother called me. I had been so absorbed in what was going on with me and Chase, I hadn’t paid attention to the calendar. His wedding was next weekend.
"Hey Best Man, how’s it going?" 
"Great, great." Actually it sucks. "How are you? Drowning in wedding plans?" 
Bobby chuckled. "Man, I’m the groom, thank God. I just have to show up, Kate and her mother and girlfriends are handling all the wedding crap. My one duty is to keep track of the men in the wedding party. So, I’m calling to make sure you’re all set to come right? You know when and where? And you’ll be here before the rehearsal dinner Friday night?"
"Yes, yes, big brother, no problem."
"And you and Chase are still driving up together, right?"
Shit. I remember Chase asking me that a couple weeks ago and we had agreed to drive up to San Francisco together. It made perfect sense at the time. Now I wasn’t so sure.
"We’ll be there." That answer was ambiguous enough.
Bobby hung up and I sat there staring at the phone trying to decide what to do. Do I call him? Do I wait for him to contact me? 
About an hour later the decision was made for me when he texted me:
Just talked to Bobby about nxt wkend. Leaving @ 7:30 am Fri. if you’re still coming.
My fingers shook as I typed my response: R U sure? 
Stupid for us to drive separately & both show up exhausted. We can split the driving. 7:30. Don’t be late.
I let out a big sigh. His text was pretty terse, but he was still willing to put up with being in a car for me for eight hours. This was either going to work out well or be a complete fuck up.
****
Friday, 0730 hours, I was waiting in front of Chase’s house. I was still a little unsure whether I wanted to do this. Then Chase came out of his house with a suitcase to load into his SUV, and I figured he’d see me sitting in my truck. I got out, locked the truck and grabbed my bag from the back of the truck. Chase was just coming around the corner of the SUV when he saw me and stopped.
"Right on time. Thanks, I really want to get started."
We got everything packed in the back and then climbed in. Neither of us spoke. I clicked my seatbelt in place and Chase was just getting ready to start the ignition. This was going to be a long-ass uncomfortable drive if I didn’t say anything.
"Chase, wait." He paused and looked over at me.
"I need to apologize for being such an asshole at the club last week. I’d had a few drinks and I was just surprised to see you with that guy. I mean it’s cool if you like him, I just—I mean, we’re friends, we’ve hung out so much and yet, you had never mentioned him at all."
Chase sighed and just looked down at the keys in his hand. He still wasn’t saying anything and I was afraid he was still pissed. So I decided to try something supportive. "Umm . . . so did you have a good time the rest of the night?" I sounded like a chick.
He started a chuckle, which turned into full laugh.
"Hey, don’t laugh at me."
His laugh gradually died down. "I’m not laughing at you. Thanks for the apology though. You were actually right. He and I were never really . . . compatible. I was just trying to force something that wasn’t there."
He shook his head and started the car. We’d only been driving a few minutes when Chase cleared his throat.
"So, how did your night end up?"
My face heated up. "Um, it was fine." I wasn’t going to talk about it; I was embarrassed for him to know the condition I ended up in. I could see him out of the corner of my eye looking over at me, but I kept staring out the window and didn’t say a word.
"Okay, then."
****
Thank God that was the end of the awkward conversation. By the time we passed the Encinitas exit things were back to normal between us, like nothing had ever happened.
The road trip was actually fun after that, we joked and laughed and argued over music. Eight-hours went by really quickly and before we knew it we were pulling up to the hotel where the wedding was being held. I texted Bobby as Chase unloaded the car. A few minutes later Bobby was meeting us in the lobby. 
"My Co-Best Men! Finally!" He gave us both big hugs and started babbling away like a kid hopped up on sugar as he took us up to our rooms. In the elevator, I finally got him to shut up long enough to get a word in. 
"Bobby, calm down, man. Have you been drinking already?"
"No."
"Did you take anything else?" Once he realized what I was saying, he cuffed me upside the head.
"I am not on any drugs, doofus. I’ve just been bored out of my mind. I love Kate, but her brothers are kind of lame. I’ve been dying for you two to get here. Plus now Kate will let me hang out with you guys instead of sending me off on five million errands to pick up this and drop off that."
The elevator stopped and Bobby got off, so we followed him.
"Here you are." Bobby slid the key card through the lock and opened the door.
"Which one of us?" I asked. Bobby walked into the room and looked back at me like I was crazy.
"Both of you. We’re trying to watch costs; I didn’t think you two would mind sharing a room. There’s two beds."
I sighed. Well, no need for Chase’s peek-a-boo jeans on this trip then—Chase’s colorful briefs would be on full display every morning. Just kill me now.
****
We had just enough time to stash our stuff in the room and then Bobby whisked us off to the rehearsal and the dinner afterward. Mom was there, and she was thrilled to see both Chase and me. She hugged and fawned over him just like he was another one of her sons. We got to meet Kate’s family and the other members of the wedding party. The dinner turned out to be a lot of fun, there were a lot of toasts and jokes aimed at Bobby and Kate, and everyone seemed to get along well.
Just as things were breaking up, a hotel employee came in and whispered something to Todd, one of the groomsmen and one of Bobby’s good friends here in San Francisco. He was a little loud and brash, but he seemed like a decent guy. Todd got this big smile on his face and let out a loud whoop, as he stood up from the table.
"All right men! The limo is out front waiting on us." He went over behind Bobby’s chair and shook him by the shoulders. "It’s time to celebrate this man’s last night as a free man!"
I groaned and looked across the table at Chase, who was chuckling but had a similar uncomfortable look on his face. Bobby had told us one of his buddies from San Francisco would be planning the bachelor party just because it would be easier, since Chase and I didn’t live here. Which I was cool with, I had just been hoping for something a little more laid-back and casual. But if a limo was involved, I worried it might be a long night.
In the limo were a couple more friends of Bobby’s to make a total of seven, including the four of us in the wedding party and Bobby.
The first stop was a cool sports bar that had a private room upstairs with comfortable couches and a huge flat screen TV. I began to think maybe this wouldn’t be so bad. We had beer and nachos and everything was pretty chill. But after we’d been there a couple of hours, Todd announced it was time to move on to the second phase of the evening. Crap.
The limo pulled up in front of what looked like a posh, upscale restaurant on the outside. However, the inside definitely did not match up to the outside. We walked into a series of large, interconnected rooms. There was a huge bar along one side of the wall and back a little farther, a couple of near-naked women dancing on a stage. But through the large open doorway to another room I could see another stage, this one had men in g-strings dancing and gyrating to the music. And wandering throughout the entire bar were the waiters and waitresses, all barely covered themselves.
Chase and I were just standing there, slowly taking everything in, when Bobby came up behind us and threw an arm around each of us. "Sssurprise! Isn’t this place cool?" Chase and I just turned and looked warily at him. "Todd and I found this place online; we didn’t want you two to feel left out. Seeee—" he waved a hand in the direction of the room with the male dancers. "Strippersss for everyone!" Oh dear God.
Todd came and pulled Bobby away to the rest of the group who was heading over toward the room with the naked women. I slid a glance over at Chase and he was bright red and biting his lip until he couldn’t hold it in anymore and finally busted out laughing.
He looked over at me for my reaction. "Oh come on, Adam, you can’t deny it is funny! And so sweet that they wanted to include us."
That last line caused us both to break out laughing until we nearly had tears in our eyes. Once we settled down, Chase asked what I wanted to do. 
"Well I think we need to keep watch over Bobby, he’s already sounding rather tipsy and I don’t trust Todd." Chase agreed and we both decided to take turns innocently strolling around the bar, to make sure Bobby wasn’t getting too out of control. Bobby had really grown up in the years since Dad had died and he’d been with Kate. I didn’t want him getting too drunk and crazy on the night before his wedding.
When we weren’t doing our patrol watches on Bobby, Chase and I did hang out in the male stripper room. Male strippers weren’t really our thing, but you couldn’t deny the men were hot. Even the waiters were all extremely good-looking. One young twink in particular seemed to take quite a shine to Chase and was constantly checking in with us to see if we needed more drinks or if there was anything he could do for us. The intention in his words was very clear as he directed his eyes solely at Chase, ignoring that I was even there. I came back from one trip of checking on Bobby to find the little imp straddling Chase’s lap and whispering something in his ear. Chase wasn’t touching him but all I could focus on was that nearly naked twit on Chase’s lap, running his finger down Chase’s shirt. I had no claim on Chase, but it still bugged the crap out of me to see him with someone else. And I knew I was out of line, but I couldn’t help it.
I smacked my glass down on the table, startling both of them. "Oh excuse me, sorry to interrupt boys." The twink gave me a rather disgusted look and Chase was quickly pushing him out of the way, until he finally left.
"Adam, you know we weren’t doing anything, in fact I’m glad you showed up when you did; he was a persistent little thing."
I couldn’t look at him. "Hey, none of my business really. We are supposed to be having fun tonight, right?" I took another swallow of my drink and Chase didn’t say another word. We sat there, silent for a while. I noticed another man—sitting over in the corner with a couple of other guys—who kept shooting looks at Chase. He was the complete opposite of the twink—normal, button-down shirt and slacks, conservative looking guy. He was looking at Chase with real interest, not leering in any way. Chase was apparently oblivious.
After a while, I couldn’t take any more of the obnoxious music, the cheesy dancers and especially Chase’s nerd-boy fan from the table across the room. I got up to hit the bathroom. Checked in with Bobby, who was still slurring his words a little, but allowed me to convince him to switch a coke or some water in between drinks.
I was heading back to the other room when I saw nerd boy standing at our table talking to Chase. Chase shook his hand and actually gestured to him to sit down. At our fucking table. I stood there for several minutes and watched the two of them. They were both talking animatedly and Chase was . . . smiling. He was enjoying himself. My heart twisted in my chest. Chase looked happy. 
I turned and headed straight to the bar and gave my order to the bartender as I slid on to an empty stool. "Whiskey. Make it a double."
****
I don’t know how much later it was when I heard Chase again; I just knew I was feeling no pain.
"There you are."
I turned and gave him a big smile. "Chas-s-sse! How are you buddy? Where’sss your friend? D’you wann a drink?"
I heard Chase sigh and he didn’t look very happy. "No more drinks Adam, it’s time to go." 
"Wait! We haff t’get Bobby! He can’t miss hisss weddin’ tomorrow!"
"Bobby is already in the limo and a heck of a lot more sober than you. What the hell happened Adam, I thought you were watching out for him?"
"Are you leavin’ witout your friend or isss he comin’ wit usss?"
"Friend, what friend? That stupid waiter?" Chase was trying to pull me up off the barstool.
"Nah, that nerdy guy wit the glassss-es. You were smilin’ at him."
Chase stopped trying to pull me up and he had this strange look on his face.  "Oh, Adam." He just stood there, so I started trying to stand up myself, instead falling into him. Quickly his arm was around my waist, getting me up on my feet. "Come on, we have to get you back to the hotel."
I lay down on the back seat of the limo until we got to the hotel and Chase was waking me and pulling me up again. He had his arm around me and helped me into the lobby. "It’s okay Little A, I got you," he whispered in my ear. It felt so good having his arm around me, so right. I laid my head on his shoulder and closed my eyes.
"No, no Adam, you can’t fall asleep yet, we’re almost to the room. Just a little farther." I vaguely registered getting in an elevator and more walking until finally we were at our room and Chase was struggling to open the door. Finally we were in and Chase was trying to settle me on the bed. At some point I had thrown my arms around his neck and so I ended up pulling him down with me onto the bed. His body on top of mine felt so hard and warm and I never wanted to let go. 
"Chasey, Chasey, why don’t you like me?"
"Adam, of course I like you, now come on, let go of me and lie back."
"No you don’t, you’re always afterrr other guys. I like you so much but you don’t want me, Chasey . . . you . . . don’t . . . hmmh mpph . . . wann me."
****
My eyes felt crusty and my mouth felt like I had swallowed a whole bag of cotton balls when I woke up the next morning. Through the slits of my barely open eyes I saw a bottle of Tylenol and a glass of water on the nightstand next to my head. And I could smell bacon, or sausage maybe, which made my stomach do an uncomfortable little flip-flop. I raised my head and a herd of elephants started pounding through it. "Ow." My voice was hoarse and raspy.
"Good morning sleepyhead. How are you feeling this morning?" I blinked at the voice across the room. Chase. "Oka—actually I feel like shit."
"Well take the Tylenol and get some food into you. Then get a shower and get dressed, because we’re supposed to be at Bobby’s room in an hour."
I looked down and saw that I was still wearing my clothes from the night before. What the hell had happened? Oh God. Oh God, Oh God. Slowly the night’s events came back to me and I was ready to die. I remembered everything, especially what I had said to Chase right before I passed out. I sat up straighter in bed. "Chase, listen, about what happened last night—"
"Adam, just forget about it right now, okay? It’s Bobby’s day and there’s too much to be done this morning. Later, okay?"
I skipped breakfast for the time being but took the Tylenol and hit the shower. I was feeling a little bit better by then, thank God, but I couldn’t stop thinking about last night. Damn, I couldn’t believe I had told Chase I liked him. My only saving grace was the condition I was in last night. I’d just have to blame it on being drunk, or better yet, I could pretend I didn’t even remember what I said. Yep, that was going to have to be the story.
When I walked out of the bathroom I saw Chase had left a note on the breakfast table that he had already gone down to Bobby’s room and to come down when I was ready. My appetite felt like it was returning so I ate some breakfast, drank a gallon of coffee and finished dressing.
Bobby’s hotel room door was slightly open so I knocked and then walked on in. "Yo, big bro, you decent—" The words died on my tongue. Chase was standing there, straight and tall in his full tux. My God, he looked amazing. The tailored jacket fit his big frame perfectly, and the crisp white shirt buttoned up to the black bow tie made him look so . . . debonair. And sexy as hell. I literally lost track of how long I stood there staring at him. It wasn’t until I finally looked at his face that I saw the way he was staring right back at me. He was struggling to keep his face impassive but I saw his jaw muscle twitching and I saw that darkness in his eyes again. There was no doubt about the hunger that was radiating from them. 
And then he met my eyes. "You clean up pretty good, Marine." His voice was so soft I barely heard it.
"You too." 
Bobby burst into the room then, breaking the moment. He pounded me on the back, as he passed by me. "Good to see you little bro, I wasn’t sure you were going to make it after last night." He was smirking at me and I threw a punch at him, which he deftly ducked away from.
"You shit. I’m fine, thank you very much."
"Well good, I was afraid you were gonna be puking on my shoes when I try to say ‘I do.’" 
Chase was staring out the window and hadn’t said anything. Bobby eyes slid back and forth between Chase and me, suspiciously. "Hey, Chase, man, Kate said the boutonnieres are downstairs, can you run down and pick them up for us?"
"Sure, no problem."
Bobby started putting his bow tie on, but as soon as the door shut behind Chase he turned on me. 
"Adam, what is going on with you two?"
"What do you mean?"
"Oh come on! You guys have been acting a little odd since you got here. You got fucking wasted last night, and I’ve never seen you do that before. And just now, Chase couldn’t even look at you. Are you two fighting over something?"
I groaned and flopped down into a chair and put my head in my hands. 
"Adam…?"
"I like Chase."
"Well, yeah, you always have, you guys have always been great friends, that’s why I’m trying to figure out—"
"No Bobby, I like Chase." My emphasis on the word was unmistakable this time and I could see the realization hit Bobby.
He sunk down onto the bed in front of me, his mouth open wide. "No. Shit. For real?"
"And I think I told him last night, when I was drunk."
"What did he say?"
"I don’t know, I passed out. And then I tried to talk to him about it this morning and he didn’t want to, with all the wedding stuff going on."
"Do you think he feels the same way?"
I snorted. "No, that’s pretty obvious, he’s been seeing some other guy in San Diego, and then he was flirting with another guy last night at the club."
"Which is why you got drunk."
I looked over at Bobby. His face softened. "Aw, Adam, I’m sorry. Shit." We were both silent for a few minutes before he spoke again. "What are you going to do?"
"I’m going to plead drunkenness, and either tell him that I didn’t mean it or I don’t remember. And then try to forget about it."
Bobby was silent as he looked at me. I got the feeling he wanted to say something more  but wasn’t sure what to say.
A knock on the door interrupted us then, and I tensed, expecting it to be Chase, but instead it was Mom. 
"Oh, there are my two boys. My men, I should say. Look at both of you, so handsome! Stand up so I can see you!"
Bobby and I grumbled but we did as we were told. She hugged both of us and started crying. Bobby put his arm around her and tried to console her.
"Mom, you can’t start crying already, we haven’t even made it to the ceremony yet."
"I can too cry, I’m your Mother and you’re my little boy. I just can’t stop thinking how proud your Dad would be today." That quieted us all up for a while. There was a lump in my throat and Bobby’s eyes were wet. Mom finally stepped away from Bobby and wiped at her eyes. "Which, is why I’m here, I wanted to give you these to wear today, Bobby. These were the cuff links your father wore on our wedding day. I thought maybe you’d want to have a little piece of him with you today. Bobby broke and covered his eyes with his hand as he shed his tears. Mom was comforting him then, rubbing his back and whispering in his ear. I was sniffling too and wiping my eyes. Mom saw me and reached over to pull me in for a group hug. It was a needed moment for all of us I think. We all had Dad in the back of our minds today and it was good to acknowledge it and celebrate it just between the three of us. 
We finally broke apart and cleaned ourselves up. Mom helped Bobby put the cuff links on, and just as she was finishing, Chase arrived with the boutonnieres. Which made me breathe a sigh of relief that Mom was still there. It allowed all of us guys to avoid the awkwardness of being alone with each other. She helped each of us pin our boutonnieres on. Then with one last hug and a kiss for each of us, Chase included, she went back downstairs to wherever the women were getting ready.
****
At the church, I walked Mom down the aisle but all my eyes could see was Chase standing next to my brother in that tux. It was hard to breathe, and all I could think about was having to lie to him later when I finally talked to him. And my chest hurt so much I almost doubled over. Because I realized I really wanted to tell him the truth. But I knew it would destroy our friendship. And yet on the other hand I didn’t know if I could just be friends with him anymore.
The rest of the wedding was simple and beautiful. It felt a little surreal watching my brother. His love for Kate really showed on his face and I couldn’t believe this was the same boy I grew up with who left his dirty clothes on the floor until Mom swore there was fungus growing on them, or the same boy who always begged to drink soda with his dinner just so he could see how loud he could belch. I hoped Kate really knew what she was getting into.
After the ceremony there were congratulations and pictures and then the reception, where there were more congratulations along with toasts and food and cake. Chase and I were stuck at the table for the wedding party with the Maid of Honor in between us so we never really got a chance to talk all night. 
The dancing started and there was the traditional wedding couple’s first dance, the dance with their parents, and then one was announced I hadn’t been expecting, but then I wasn’t exactly a wedding expert. The bride and groom each had to dance with one of the other’s siblings. So, suddenly, there was Kate pulling me out onto the floor. It was awkward as hell for me because I hadn’t danced with a girl since Tiffany and Homecoming, sophomore year.
"I’m warning you, I have two left feet. Manly Marine here, not a twinkle toes."
Kate just laughed at me and placed my hands correctly. "You don’t have to be a twinkle toes, just sway with me."
We’d just gotten into a rhythm when she leaned her head up near my ear. "Have you talked to Chase yet?"
I leaned back and looked at her and then frowned. "He told you? I’m gonna kill him."
Kate rolled her eyes and held up her left hand. "Married now. He’s required to tell me everything or he knows I’ll kick his ass." She smiled at her attempt at humor but I did not find it funny. She touched my cheek and cocked her head. "Oh Adam, I’m sorry. But if you haven’t talked to him yet, I just wanted to tell you you’re wrong."
"Wrong?"
She nodded. "You’re wrong if you think he doesn’t like you as much as you like him. You don’t see it because you’re wrapped up in your own feelings and worries, but Adam, it’s so obvious on his face. The way he looks at you when you’re not looking." Her eyes glanced away over my shoulder. "The way he’s looking at you right now."
I swore my whole body went hot and cold all at the same time. "You better not be messing with me Kate."
She smiled at me. "Adam, you’re my brother now, I wouldn’t lie about something like this; I just want you to be happy." 
The music ended and we both stopped moving. "Thank you for the dance little brother." Then she leaned up and kissed my cheek and grabbed both my hands. "Now go talk to him." And then she swirled away in her dress and I was left standing there, scared shitless.
I walked off the dance floor to hide behind a group of guests. From here I could look across the room at him. He was standing alone, sipping champagne, still looking so damn sexy in that tux. His face looked. . . sad maybe? And he was trying to be subtle but his eyes were scanning the room as if he was looking for someone. Looking for me I hoped. For a moment I heard Dad’s voice in my head, his words from all those years ago, about honor and telling the truth. Should I do it? Should I risk the closest friend I’d ever had for the chance of something more? He was always there for me, whenever I needed him. What if Kate was wrong? What if he said no? Could I live with his answer? More importantly could I live with the lie if I never told him? My legs felt like jelly but I took a deep breath and started walking toward him. 
He saw me coming and tried hard to look like he didn’t notice, only shifting to look at me when I was standing right next to him.
"Chase."
"Wedding went well, didn’t it?"
"You know I don’t want to talk about the wedding, I want to talk about last night."
"You were drunk, Adam, it’s okay. I understand."
"No you don’t understand." While I was trying to explain myself, the arranged dances had ended and the DJ was trying to get everyone on the dance floor. One of the little flower girls, a niece of Kate’s was jumping up and down with excitement and was going up to everyone she could reach and trying to pull them out to the dance floor. Before I could say any more to Chase, she had come up to both of us and grabbed our pant legs in her little fists and was trying to urge us out to the floor. 
"You. And You. Dance togetter!" She tugged mightily, then bounced off to the couple next to us, repeating the same to them. Chase had smiled awkwardly down at her before she let go of our pants and moved on. But suddenly, I had an idea.
I stepped in front of him and reached out to take his hand. "Dance with me." I immediately started walking backward toward the dance floor, keeping my grip on his hand tight so he didn’t have a chance to escape. His face was shocked and his eyes darted all around, like he was questioning if we should be doing this. I wasn’t worried about anyone, my family and Kate’s family all knew I was gay and no one really had a problem with it and the rest of the guest list was small so I didn’t really expect any looks or comments. And if anyone did have a problem with it they could go fuck themselves. I had more important things on my mind.
Of course, not thinking when I’d grabbed his hand, I forgot how sweaty my palms were, or how nervous I was . . . or how I couldn’t dance. 
We got out onto the floor and I let go of his hand and stood there for a minute before I looked up at him. "Okay, I can’t really dance." 
I finally got a little smile out of him. "Not part of your Marine training?"
I ignored him and decided to improvise. I stepped close to him and wrapped my arms around him. He finally moved his hands up to settle around my lower back. 
We started to move a little back and forth. I couldn’t believe I had my arms around him, that I was touching him. We were too far apart though. I wanted us closer, I wanted to feel his body against mine. But there were still words I needed to say first.
"Chase, yes, I was drunk. I got drunk because I saw you with that guy at the club and you were talking to him at our table and you looked happy, and . . . I got jealous."
Chase frowned. "Yeah, you kept asking where my ‘friend’ was. That guy and I weren’t interested in each other, Adam. He went to Ohio State when I played football there. He was just a fan. If you had come back to the table instead of assuming the worst, you would have found that out." 
 I winced. "I’m sorry, for getting drunk, then. But everything I said, even under the influence of alcohol was the truth. I’ve tried to hide it, I’ve tried to ignore it, but I don’t want to anymore. I like you Chase, as more than friends. I want you. I want to be with you."
Chase hadn’t run away yet so I kept going for broke. I shifted closer so our chests were pressed together and I had one leg in between his.
"I’ve thought about it so many times, about what it would be like to touch you. To be touched by you." I was staring straight up into his eyes and my voice was quiet and low. His eyes stared down into mine and his lips were parted. "Every weekend you wore those damn jeans with the hole that teased me, showing your underwear underneath. So many times I wanted to reach out and rip that damn hole bigger so I could feel your ass. And now all I think about every time I see you is what color underwear you’re wearing today." His breathing was getting shallow and I could literally feel his chest moving rapidly against mine. 
His eyes closed. "Jesus, Adam," his voice was no more than a whisper.
So I got a little bolder. My dick was just about tenting my thin tuxedo pants. I shifted my lower body into his, bringing us even closer. And . . . jackpot. I could feel him against my stomach; his dick was just as hard and firm as mine was. When my cock pressed into his thick upper thigh, I swear a fire sparked over my whole body. His eyes were still closed but a low groan escaped those beautiful lips.
"Tell me, Chase. Tell me you want me too." And that was it. I was out of the plane and freefalling, waiting to see if Chase was going to pull the cord for my parachute. Or just let me fall. I swallowed hard, my heart racing as I waited for his answer.
And then his eyes snapped open and there was a fire there that I had never ever seen from him before. "Upstairs. Our room. Now." 
The parachute released and I could float to safety now. Well, in reality there was no floating involved at all, it was more like a very firm, insistent pulling of my arm across the back of the reception room, trying to be as discreet as we could be, two big guys with very obvious boners practically running from the room.
Once we finally made it to an elevator and were really alone, we froze, just staring at each other. Finally I launched myself at him, grabbing his face in my hands and pulling his head down so my lips could taste his. Next thing I knew, his hands were under my ass and lifting me up to him. It startled me so much all I could do was wrap my legs around his waist to hold on. I was a good-sized guy; I had never had anyone that was able to pick me up like that. It made me hot and when he squeezed my ass and I felt his hard cock against mine, I thought for sure I was going to come right there. It didn’t help that his tongue was completely invading my mouth as his lips moved against mine. He tasted sweet from the cake and the champagne and I devoured him.
A loud ding interrupted us as the elevator doors opened and he let me go, my legs sliding to the floor. He leaned his forehead against mine as we tried to catch our breath. "Fuck," he whispered. 
"Oh God, please." I answered.
That got him going again and he pulled on my arm and we literally ran from the elevator to our room. Somehow our shaky hands got the card to go in and as we stumbled through the door, I’m sure it slammed so hard behind us we woke up the whole floor.
Inside he pressed me up against the door and was kissing me again. His hands slipped under my jacket and up my tuxedo shirt. I could feel the heat of his fingers through the shirt, pressing the silky, smooth fabric against my skin. He reached a nipple and he pulled on it through the shirt. I arched against him and broke our kiss, banging my head against the door as I groaned loudly. His lips didn’t stop, they licked and kissed and nipped all along my cheek, my jaw, my throat. 
"God, Adam, you looked so fucking fantastic in that tux, it was torture all day. You really have no idea how amazing you are. But I really need it off of you right fucking now."
We finally broke apart and started ripping clothes off—the jackets, the ties, the shirts.
I was down to the pants when I felt him grab at my belt and pull me forward. He had lain back on the bed, his pants still on too and he pulled me directly on top of him. As I fell, the first feeling of his skin on mine as our chests crashed together was explosive, and we both moaned. He started undoing my belt and once he had the zipper down, his hand was reaching in and grasping my cock. I moaned and arched down into his touch, my hands leaning on his chest for support.
"Fuck, Chase," I growled, "Just get them off now, please."
He took his hand off of my cock and I jumped off of him, my shaky hands trying to get my pants and underwear off. By the time I was finally naked I looked down and saw he was too. I realized for as many years as I’d known him, I’d never really seen him completely naked. The luscious hair on his chest continued trailing down, down, down to his . . . fuck, it was big, just like the rest of him. His cock was a good length for fucking but thicker than most guys. I swear my ass muscles twitched just at the prospect of how that was going to feel buried in me. 
"Mother of God."
I tore my eyes away from his cock to see he was staring at me with wide, feral eyes.
"Adam, get the fuck over here."
I climbed on top of him and smashed our lips together. We clutched and grabbed and kissed brutally like we were two starving men who hadn’t eaten for weeks. I had never had this kind of reaction with any other man I’d ever been with. Nothing was enough and all I wanted was more, more, more.
The sound of our moans and our breathing echoed in the silent room. My lips left his to finally come up for air and I started moving down his body. I wanted to worship him, I wanted to hear him moan and call out my name. I licked and nipped and bit down hard on his nipples, and then smiled as I felt him buck under me and let loose with a string of curse words.
I stroked my hands up and down his torso as I continued working my way down with my mouth. His cock was heavy and dark and all I wanted to do was suck on it like a lollipop. I licked a trail up from base to tip and all around the head, flicking my tongue for extra sensation. Then I wrapped my lips around the tip and started slowly inching my way down and back up. After enough teasing of that I started sucking with more power and I heard another string of swear words and unintelligible babbling. I smiled and moaned a little for vibration. I was so involved in what I was doing I didn’t hear him yelling for me to stop. 
I pulled off of him to look up and see his flushed face.
"Get up here." He voice was hoarse between his rapid breathing.
"You didn’t tell me you were in the Navy."
He was leaning up to kiss me when he frowned at my words. "What?"
"You swear like a fucking sailor."
He smacked me on the ass. "Yeah, well, I never knew you had such a dirty, talented mouth."  
And then we were silent again, kissing and biting lips. The pleasurable ache in my dick was turning painful and I had to move. Our cocks were nestled perfectly together and I started grinding my hips against his to get some friction, to feel his warm, sleek cock sliding against mine.
He shifted his legs wider and grabbed my ass hard, slamming our hips together. He broke our kiss. "I can’t wait any longer, Adam, I need to fuck you, I need to be inside you, now."
"Oh hell, yes." And thank God. All the times I’d thought about Chase this last month, I wondered if he topped.  Given my look and my well-built body I had gotten a lot of shocked looks over the years from men at the fact that I preferred to bottom.
He flipped us over then suddenly stopped and groaned in frustration.
"Fuck! I didn’t bring anything." He looked like his puppy just died.
"Side zipper pocket of my bag."
I swear the mattress of the bed bounced up off the box spring, with the speed and force he was off the bed and across the room. "You little shit, were you planning this?"
I flipped onto my stomach and laughed. "No, I swear. Just a Marine, remember? Always prepared."
I heard the sound of the zipper and then he was back on the bed again, kneeling between my spread legs. He smacked my ass and I yelped. "That’s the Boy Scouts, and you were never a Boy Scout."
"Marines are always prepared and ready for any situation . . . arghhh!" The cold wetness of the lube hit my skin followed by the warm intrusion of his finger, slowly sliding in and out. I let out a loud sigh as my muscles started to relax and the initial pain subsided. It felt so damn good. Soon he had two fingers in and I couldn’t help bucking back and trying to get more of those fingers inside. And then he hit my prostate and my whole body spasmed. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, Chase, God, hurry up!"
He chuckled, "Now who’s swearing like a sailor?" 
"Chase . . . . " The pleading was obvious in my voice.
He rubbed his hand across my shoulders and down my lower back. "Hold on," his voice soothed. "You’re not quite ready for me. I don’t want to hurt you."
A third finger and more lube entered me and massaged and stretched me and it was like the most delicious torture. I appreciated Chase trying to be careful but I was ready to fall apart.
"Chase . . . ungh . . . I can’t . . . I can’t wait, please."
His fingers were gone and I groaned in relief when I finally heard the rip of the condom packet.
He spread my legs a little wider and then his whole weight settled gently over me. I could feel his heart beating hard against my back. "Are you sure?" There was a sudden hesitation in his voice that twisted my heart.
I twisted my head around and pulled him in for a crushing kiss that would hopefully erase any doubt or fear he had. Our foreheads were still pressed together as I pulled my lips away finally and looked him in the eye. He was looking back at me with such desire, all I wanted was to give him everything at that moment. "Fuck me Chase, fuck me so hard all I’ll feel for days is you."
His eyes closed and his breath stuttered at my words. "Adam . . . " he whispered.
And then he shifted us both a little and he was inside me. He was trying to go slow but the full feeling was a little more than I was expecting. I felt stretched more than I had ever had before. I cried out from the intensity, and my hands fisted the sheets. Chase immediately stilled and wrapped an arm around my chest, holding me to him tightly, leaving little kisses all over my back. "It’s okay, A. I’ve got you . . . It’s okay, I’ve got you." 
I immediately relaxed under his gentle touch and after a few relaxing breaths, I began to feel like moving. I moved my hips slowly, and the pleasure spikes combined with hearing Chase’s breathy moans in my ear set me off. I started moving more frantically, clawing at the bed. I wanted him in me; I wanted all of him in me and more.
Chase growled and suddenly he was pounding into me, hitting that spot so perfectly I lost all sense of anything else but the feeling of him and me and our bodies. He was still stretched out on top of me, every inch of our skin touching, every part of our bodies moving together in synchronization. I was not inexperienced by any means and I had had sex in some pretty unique positions, but this was the first time I’d ever been with someone like this before and it felt both primal and yet intimate at the same time.
Neither of us was going to last long, we had been waiting for this for too long, our movements were desperate and quick. My arms were out in front of me, clawing at the sheets to just hang on. One of Chase’s arms came up beside mine and our hands found each other, fingers entwining and clutching each other until our knuckles were white.
I couldn’t even get my other hand under me to touch my dick but it wasn’t needed. The rubbing against the smooth sheets below and the feel of Chase moving inside me, filling me up, was too much. My orgasm overwhelmed me almost before I realized it. "Chase, I’m . . . oh fuck . . . oh fuck," was all I could intelligently sputter out as I exploded for what felt like forever, my body jerking and my ass clenching around Chase’s cock, as I felt the wetness seeping into the sheets.
"Adam, oh God, fuck . . . . " Chase let out a sharp cry, as his whole body jerked and shuddered against mine, slamming into me as deep as he could, before stilling.
We both lay there, unable to move, our hearts practically beating out of our chests as our breathing tried to calm. Chase’s weight was heavy on me but it felt comforting and warm and right. I didn’t want him to ever move.
He did eventually though, pulling out and flopping over beside me. My muscles were too weak and sated to move so I just stayed where I was, wet spot be damned. I heard some rustling and then the sound of the condom being thrown in the wastebasket.
Chase let out a whoosh of air. "Holy fuck, Marine." My eyes were still closed but I just smiled and let out a murmured hum of contentment.
I felt one of his fingers trailing down my cheek so I opened my eyes to see him gazing at me, a smile on his face. "Are you okay?"
I thought of a couple joking comebacks but didn’t want to break the spell of the moment. 
"Yeah. I’m pretty damn good."
His smile got larger and his finger continued on down to my shoulder and down my arm. "I’ve wanted to do that since you first walked into the bar that day we met up for lunch in San Diego."
I shifted over on to my back, and looked at him in surprise. "Really?"
And then he shocked me again when he honest-to-goodness blushed.
"Yeah. I hadn’t seen you in so long, and I just couldn’t believe this hot, muscled guy in front of me was the same kid I grew up with. I went home and all I could think about was you and I felt like such a sick perv thinking these awful thoughts about the kid who was the little brother of my best friend—the kid I used to think of as my own little brother."
I busted up laughing and he hit me playfully on the stomach. "It’s not funny!"
As my chuckling slowed down a thought occurred to me. "Is that why you never call me ‘Little A’ anymore?"
He smiled. "Well, partly. But also because—" He paused and his hand moved farther south, gripping my soft cock in his hand, and stroking up and down it a few times. "—there’s nothing really ‘little,’ about you anymore."
I hummed as his touch made my cock twitch a few times. It was a little too soon for it to be ready to play again but it was clearly giving it the old college try. "We were friends for so long, and then when we met up again in San Diego, you didn’t seem to treat me any differently, so I didn’t think you had any interest in me that way. I didn’t think you’d ever see me as more than that little kid you knew growing up. And then, to know you were dating someone else . . . it just hurt me more than I realized."
He grimaced. "I hadn’t really seen Rob—that guy you saw me with—in several weeks. I only called him up because I wanted to try and stop thinking about you."
"We’re quite a pair aren’t we?"
"Uhm hmm." Chase was not looking at me and seemed like his mind was somewhere else. I started getting a little worried.
"Chase? Are you okay? Should I go back to my bed?" He looked up at me and it took him a second to register what I’d said. Then he growled and pulled me over to him. "You’re not going anywhere. I’m not done with you."
I ended up lying with my head and arms on his chest. We were both quiet for a while before I thought of something else I’d wanted to ask him for a long time.
"When did you figure out you were gay? I mean, I remember you dating girls in high school. Are you bi?"
He snorted. "Oh no, definitely not bi. I’m gay, always have been gay. But you know how it is in the beginning, when you first figure it out. You try to talk yourself out of it, try to fit in with everyone else, try to date girls to see if you can find one that turns you on as much as the half-naked guy in the Calvin Klein ads. I think I was in my junior year of high school before I finally accepted that I was gay and nothing was going to change me. But, unlike you, I wasn’t as free to come out and be my true self. I was on the football team and more than that, I wanted to play football in college because I knew that was the only way I was going to be able to get a college degree. You know my parents didn’t have a lot of money. So . . . I decided to just hide who I was, knowing that it was only temporary and that someday I would be able to tell everyone and be me."
I smirked. "The guy in the Calvin Klein ads, hmmm?"
He laughed, "Oh yeah. Hhhhmmm that guy was hot!" 
I started laughing and he zinged me back with the last question I ever expected.
"Oh come on, it is not funny. Who was the first guy you got a boner for?"
My laugh died instantly and I was now the one blushing, if the four-alarm fire I felt on my skin was any indication. I buried my face in my arms but unfortunately Chase saw my blush before I could hide. And he wouldn’t let it go.
"Awww . . . are you blushing? Whoo, man!" He was laughing heartily now. "It must be a good one. Aw, now don’t hide, come on you have to tell me. It must be someone really embarrassing. Was it someone really nerdy? An actor? Rock star?"
Fuck. I knew I had gotten myself into this situation by starting the ragging with the Calvin Klein model thing, but I never thought about him asking me about mine. How in the hell was I supposed to tell him it was him without looking like a complete loser or stalker? 
"Come on Adam, who was it?" He was trying to tickle my ribs to get me to speak. He was not going to let this go, so I might as well just get it over with.
"Mif whs yuf." My head was still hidden against his stomach so it didn’t exactly come out clear.
"What? I didn’t catch that?"
I sighed and lifted my head up looking him dead in the eye. "It was you."
His smile froze on his face.
"The summer I was thirteen. The first time you came over that summer you were horsing around with Bobby, washing Dad’s car and your shirt got plastered to your skin. I was watching from the living room window and I got the biggest boner I’d ever had."
I watched his face as he tried to process the information. "That was the reason I spent so much time in my room alone that summer, it was too hard to be around you and I was afraid that someone—you in particular—would notice."
"Shit, Adam. I had no clue." He was looking a little freaked out, so I decided to try and laugh it off and get his mind off of it.
"Chase, I was thirteen for Christ’s sake. My dick was going to pop for any hot guy that would have showed up in my driveway, don’t freak out, man, please. I got over it, I moved on."
His eyes narrowed as he looked at me slyly. "So . . . now you’re saying I wasn’t anything special, I could have been replaced with any piece of beefcake?" His mouth was twitching up at the corners. I groaned and hid my head again, as he started to chuckle.
"Can we just forget we even had this conversation?" He never answered me and I had to look back up at him. He was smiling but I could tell there was still something churning in his mind and I was uneasy.
****
The next morning I woke to him shaking me. I smiled as I opened my eyes, high hopes for just what he was waking me for. Except that I was in the bed alone and he was already up and dressed.
"Come on Adam, we need to get on the road to get you back to San Diego in time to get back to the base." His voice was tender and quiet but that was all I got. No good morning kiss, no touching, nothing to indicate what had happened between us last night. In the shower my mind was racing trying to figure out what was up. Did he change his mind in the light of a new day? I mean, for me, last night was pretty fucking fantastic. I’d never had sex feel like that before. He seemed to feel the same way afterward. What happened? Was he regretting it? Was this going to be it for us?
I kept holding back, waiting to see if he would say anything, but he never did. We hit the road and he took the first driving shift. After a few hours of very little conversation the motion of the car and the night of little sleep started to get to me and I apparently fell asleep.
I had a sense of déjà vu when once again, Chase was shaking me awake, except this time we were in his driveway back in San Diego. I rubbed my eyes and was just reaching for the door handle. His hand darted out and wrapped around my wrist.
"Adam. What happens now?"
"What do you mean?" 
"I mean where were you expecting us to go now? Was last night just a chance to act out some fantasy leftover from when you were thirteen?"
"What? Jesus, Chase. I knew you were freaked out by that, I shouldn’t have even told you.  Fuck! Last night had nothing to do with back then, what the hell kind of person do you take me for?" My blood was starting to boil and my voice was loud.
He closed his eyes and grimaced. "Okay, okay, I’m sorry. But I still need to know where we’re going from here."
"Well, I think maybe you need to answer that one, because you’re the one that’s been all pissy and cold today. Damn, we fucked our brains out last night and today you’re acting like you barely can tolerate me." I could see the pain in his face and I knew I was being overly harsh but dammit I was pissed off too.
"Because you’re all about easy sex and one-nighters and I’m afraid that’s all you think this is. One incredible night? Or friends-with-benefits casual sex whenever you feel like it? I’ve told you, I need more. I’m looking for more, I want someone special. And I think that someone is you Adam. But I’m not going to do the casual sex thing, I’ve done enough of that." He turned in his seat so that he was looking me directly in the eye. "So no, it’s not my decision. I need to hear from you what you want."
Fuck. My body slumped back in my seat, and I felt like a deflated balloon. As much as I hated to admit it, everything he had just said was true. I had never done a real relationship. I’d never had any reason to. And I hadn’t really thought much about us, beyond wanting Chase so bad it hurt. I mean we were best friends and we now admitted we wanted to be with each other, so—? I just expected we were "together" now. Period. I had never termed it in the actual words like "relationship" though. But I guess that’s what it was right?
"You are right Chase, I’ve never really been in a relationship. The life of a Marine—a gay Marine— isn’t exactly conducive to relationships. I get moved around a lot and deployed. And then pile on the fact that I can’t exactly be open about who I want to be with. So it’s like, why bother?"
Chase started to remove his hand but I grabbed his wrist in mine this time before he could get far. "But I’ve also never met anyone before who I wanted to be with, like really be with. So yeah, I don’t have experience with relationships. I have no idea what I’m doing, which means I’m probably gonna screw it up. And if you’re the one I’m gonna screw it up with, that scares me even more. But I never, ever saw last night as a one-time deal. I expected to wake up in your arms this morning and do it all over again. And then maybe again in the shower. Okay, so now it still sounds like I’m talking about just sex but I’m not, I swear. So yeah, I guess I was expecting more. But I still have to put the ball back in your court. 'Cause I’m willing to try. But like I said, the Marine shit is a lot to deal with, and add in that I’m probably going to fuck up a lot. I won’t force any of that on you. If you ran away right now, I wouldn’t blame you."
My breath caught as I waited to hear what his reaction would be. This could be it. I might lose him and our friendship. He pulled his hand from my grasp and unbuckled his seat belt and jumped out of the car, while my heart sunk like a stone. 
And then suddenly my door was thrown open and he was grabbing my face and crushing our lips together, restraining himself from climbing all over me.
Now it was my turn to ask. "Are you sure?" I whispered. 
"Absolutely. It’ll be okay baby. I got you, I got you."
****
I drove back to base that night, my lips still stinging from being very thoroughly kissed before I left. And I couldn’t stop smiling from the memory of Chase calling me baby. Christ, maybe I was thirteen again, I felt a little like a giggly schoolgirl. The difference was all of the adult concerns—mostly about being able to keep this a secret— were lying in wait in the back of my mind. But for tonight I chose to ignore them and just be happy.
****
The workweek was a heck of a lot harder to get through, now that I knew what I had waiting at the end of it. That first week after the wedding we texted back and forth like crazy. He had a bad habit of dirty talk that often left me hard and with a bad case of blue balls. I deleted his sexy texts almost immediately after I read them and I changed his name in my phone to just "C," so that if anyone ever happened to see a message from him on my phone, I could say it was a girl. Gotta say, it killed me a little to do that, but I just had to keep reminding myself it was more important to do whatever needed to be done to keep Chase and me safe.
When that Friday came, I was flying down the road to San Diego, and when I got to Chase’s we didn’t even make it to the bedroom, we fucked right there in his hallway. In fact we pretty much stayed in the whole weekend, only getting out of bed for food and showers.
Of course, come Monday my dick was sore, my ass was even more sore, and I was fucking exhausted. I considered it a success to make it through the whole day with only two reprimands from my commanding officer. Of course my CO was not the only person who noticed my depleted state. Kowalski of course, was right on my ass.
"Wow, Shepherd. You must have had a rough weekend. What kind of hell raisin’ were you up to?"
I gritted my teeth. "A real man never kisses and tells, Kowalski."
"Holy shit! Do you actually have a girl Shepherd? Alert the presses! Does she know what she’s getting herself into?" His look was shrewd.
"It was just one weekend, Kowalski, a fling. Hardly ready to announce the marriage yet."
Thankfully we got interrupted and I took the opportunity to head to the showers.
I couldn’t get the conversation with Kowalski out of my mind; it nagged me all evening. And not just his comments, but my answer as well. I knew I had no other choice but it bugged me that I’d had to let him believe I was with a girl all weekend. I was still lying on my bunk stewing over all this when I got a text from Chase.
Hey baby, just wanted to check in & see how your day was.
I could literally feel my body relax just reading his words.
It was rough, but better now w/ your text. I was dying to just hit the button and call him and hear his voice, but I didn’t exactly have privacy and it was too late to leave the barracks and go outside.
Rough? Everything okay?
I smiled as I typed back. I was dead on my feet all day, I had a lot of physical exercise this weekend and not enough sleep.
Dang. Sorry I wore you out, I thought you Marines were made of stronger stuff. Guess I have to take it easy on you next weekend. ;)
Marines are always ready and up for the challenge. No special treatment needed civilian. 
OK, just remember you asked for it. : ) I’d better let you get your beauty rest. Miss you A. This bed feels pretty damn empty.
Fuck, he just had to say that. What I wouldn’t give to be in that bed right now.
Miss you too C. Counting down the days.
****
The next three weeks were incredible. I was busy learning some new radio communication technology so the workweeks flew by, and the weekends with Chase were just amazing. He was my best friend and now he was my lover and I couldn’t believe how good it was between us. In addition to how easy it was to just be with him—like it always had been—now I could touch him and kiss him and fall asleep in his arms. In fact I couldn’t stop touching him, and man, the fireworks I felt in my body every time he touched me was just unbelievable. Even just the graze of his hand while reaching for the coffee pot, sent me up in flames. I was thinking this relationship thing was a piece of cake, I should have known the bubble had to burst eventually.
One Friday night we were hanging out on the couch watching the baseball game, both of us stretched out in the same direction, me lying between his legs with my back against his chest.
"Hey babe, what do you want to do tomorrow night?"
I was in the process of reaching for some more popcorn from the bowl on the coffee table and didn’t really think too much of his question. "Uh, I dunno, whatever. Didn’t you say you just got that movie from Netflix you’d been wanting to see?"
He laughed. "Well yeah, but you know, we can watch that anytime. Adam, do you realize we haven’t been out of this house since we started seeing each other?"
Actually I hadn’t even thought about that. I was just so excited to see him when I walked in the door every Friday, that was all I focused on. "Hmm . . . well, we have been incredibly busy . . . painting." Which was true, we had started working on renovating the inside of his house—in between other "activities."
Chase snorted. "Yes, the painting is all we’ve been doing. I just thought we could go out, get a nice dinner somewhere, maybe go to a movie. In a theater, not on my TV.
"Okay, sure, whatever you want babe." 
When I gave him that simple reply, I wasn’t really thinking about what it meant. To go out as a "date" with a guy. With my guy. My guy who I was used to grabbing his hand or rubbing his back or kissing him whenever I wanted, without giving it much thought.
Saturday night, the minute we stepped outside the house I felt uncomfortable. At first I couldn’t put my finger on why I felt so jittery. But as soon as we got to the restaurant, I realized what was wrong. We got out of the car and I started to reach out for Chase’s hand and I froze. I realized how many people were around and I couldn’t. There couldn’t be any indication that Chase and I were a couple in case someone saw us, someone from the base or someone who knew someone who knew someone who could report me. Yeah, I know, San Diego’s a big city so the chances of running into anyone from the base were pretty slim. But San Diego was also the place where everyone headed to for the weekend, since it was the largest city nearest to the base. Camp Pendleton housed so many Marines it was a small city unto itself. There were a fuck-ton of soldiers and personnel on base I’d never even met. What if one of them saw me and then happened to pass me on base and recognize me? Gay bars were one thing—everyone there was just as gay as you were and were more likely to have your back than turn you in. But being out in the general public was a whole new ball game.
I broke out into a sweat and my anxiety must have shown on my face, because Chase actually asked if I was okay. The situation apparently didn’t bother Chase at all. He was actually more affectionate than I was around the house, but I noticed at the restaurant he never made any move to touch me. And he never called me "baby." After the waitress walked away with our order he did look at me across the table, straight in my eyes, and then he smiled a smile that I knew was one of his special ones, just for me. It did calm me down a bit, until I started freaking if anyone had noticed and thought maybe the look between two men was a little too special.
As we left the restaurant, Chase’s arm accidentally brushed against my back and I swear I practically jumped three feet in the air just to get away from him. I was so keyed up by the time we got to the theater I didn’t even give a fuck what movie we were seeing, because I knew I wouldn’t be able to concentrate on it. Once the movie started and the lights went down, Chase placed his hand on my thigh like nothing was wrong and rubbed his thumb up and down, in a gentle, affectionate way, not at all sexual. I still jerked my leg away and scooted closer to the other side of my seat, so we weren’t touching in any way. From the corner of my eye I saw him turn and look at me but I kept staring straight ahead until he finally turned back to the movie.
The ride home was silent, although Chase tried to make conversation about the movie. Once we were finally home and inside with the door locked behind us, I let out a huge breath and I thought I would be okay again. But, I was still bothered by the evening. We both got ready for bed but instead of bed, I headed out to the living room and flipped the TV on. After about ten minutes, Chase came looking for me.
"Babe," he said slowly. "Aren’t you coming to bed?" He’d leaned down over the back of the couch behind me and put his hands on my shoulders. Without meaning to, I stiffened and he noticed.
"Jesus, you are tense tonight." He tried to rub my shoulders but I shrugged out of his grasp. Sighing, he came around to sit next to me on the couch, taking the remote from my hand and muting the TV. 
"All right A, come on, what’s wrong? You’ve been jumpy all night."
The room was dark, with only the light from the TV illuminating his face but I could see the look of concern he had. And determination. He wasn’t going to let go of this until he knew what was bothering me. 
"You didn’t even touch me all night." Okay that was not what I intended to start with but it was what came out. 
He frowned. "Did you want me to? I figured it might be too dangerous for you."
I closed my eyes and rubbed my aching head. "That’s just it. Yes, it would have been dangerous and although I’ve always known that, it really smacked me in the face tonight. I felt like I was looking over my shoulder all night, scared of any little thing that we might say or do that someone might see and interpret wrong."
He sighed again. "A, I’m sorry. When I suggested we go out, I didn’t think it would freak you out so much. Yes, we have to be careful, but baby that doesn’t mean we can’t go out in public. Nothing we said or did tonight wasn’t anything two straight guy friends wouldn’t have done. No one suspected anything."
"But doesn’t that bug you? That we have to do that?"
"Adam, it just goes with the territory when you can’t be out, believe me I know. I’ve done this before, remember?"
"That’s just it. You’ve already dealt with this shit. And you gave up football so you didn’t have to deal with it anymore. And now because of me you’re right back in the closet again."
My words hit him so hard he actually leaned back as if he’d been physically slapped. I could see the shock on his face sit there for a few minutes before his jaw clenched and he got that determined look I’d seen before, which meant he was digging in for the fight.
"Adam, I don’t give a fuck what I have to do, if it means I get to have you with me. You are more important to me than any of the bullshit I have to go through. Yeah, it sucks, but it’s not going to be forever." He took a big breath before he continued. "I love you, Adam. And I’m not going anywhere.
I didn’t say any more but I did let him take me to bed. Our touches were slow and soft and needy. But it was a long time afterwards before I fell asleep. Now my brain was torn between how I felt about everything that had happened tonight and the fact that Chase had said he loved me. Those words made me happy and anxious all at the same time. I hadn’t returned them, but Chase didn’t seem to care. I just wasn’t sure if I was ready.
****
Things went pretty much back to normal for us, but the idyllic honeymoon phase was over as far as I was concerned. I was just waiting for the other shoe to drop.
Over the next few months, Chase and I learned to play our public roles well. When we went out together we were careful to be nothing more than best buddies. Then we’d go home and fuck like rabbits.
Around the base, I continued going out with the guys once in a while, pretending to ogle chicks with them when I had to. For all my weekends I had various ways of explaining them away—I said I was still helping Chase fix up his house (which was partially true) or that I had plans with someone. I became quite the ladies’ man, throwing out random girls’ names as my "conquest of the moment." I’d pretend I was dating them for a while, then I’d "break up with them" and be on to someone else. I felt like a complete asshole but the guys believed me, and every lie gave me one more weekend with Chase so I did it. It was taking a toll though, on me and on our relationship. Many a weekend Chase had to deal with me and the anger and the resentment that I felt. He was the ever-saintly Chase, always calming me down and getting me back on track.
Kowalski was still after me though, and I had no idea why, or what I had ever done to him. I was starting to guess that he was a latent homophobe and was just itching to find someone to report. In the end, he never found anything concrete on me to report, but he never knew how successful he was in destroying me—by inadvertently destroying my relationship with Chase.
He pushed and pushed until I reached my breaking point.
I was packing one Friday afternoon to head to Chase’s when some of the guys were getting in from a hard day of field training. There were rumors that deployment orders were going to be handed down soon, we just didn’t know what companies would be going. So combat training was picking up for everyone. The guys looked whipped and I felt for them. Meyer, the guy who had the bunk next to me, came in and just collapsed on his mattress and groaned.
"Tough day, Private?"
"You have no idea. And then Kowalski made some comments to Big Mac, and they got into it, and Sarge ended up making us all do extra laps."
Big Mac was one of the African-American guys in the company and I could just imagine what Kowalski might say to him. I shook my head in disbelief. "That son of a bitch."
"Well, beware, Kowalski is going to be a real bitch when he gets back here. Not only did Mac flatten him in their little tussle, but Sarge made K stay behind and do push-ups."
I laughed. Mac was called Big Mac for a reason and Kowalski should have known better than to pick on him. Served him right whatever punishment he got. "How many push-ups?"
Meyer looked over at me with a grin. "Sarge just told him to go and he’d tell him when to stop."
I chuckled. Sarge push-ups were brutal. He’d once assigned a private push-ups "until he said to stop," and then sat down and ate his dinner and read the newspaper for two hours all while the soldier did his push-ups. When Sarge finally released him, he couldn’t even move, his buddies had to come and drag him back to the barracks.
Kowalski came in just a few minutes later though, looking thoroughly pissed off and covered in mud. One of the other guys, Henderson, was the first to say something to him.
"Whoa, Kowalski, you look like Sarge made you eat dirt . . . literally."
"Fuck you Henderson!" Kowalski’s response only made everyone laugh even more, me included. I had to admit a little pleasure in hearing Kowalski get a little back of what he dished out.
But Kowalski was pissed off and looking to pick a fight. So even though we were all laughing, he naturally picked me to go after. Even though the others were laughing more than me and I wasn’t even looking at him.
"I’m glad you all think it’s so funny. Except you Shepherd, where the hell were you today, slaving away with your fancy radio equipment in an air-conditioned computer room, while the rest of us are stuck out there training to be real Marines?"
That motherfucker. I was fighting everything in me not to go over and bust his ass. Every Marine has their own contribution to make and we’re all taught that every job is important to the whole. Yeah sometimes we might razz each other a little but never ever in such a degenerative tone as he was using. I didn’t want to get into anything stupid, especially with an ignorant asshole like him, so I gritted my teeth and tried to count to ten before responding.
"Well, that radio equipment is what’s going to help save your ass when you’re on patrol and get trapped by enemy fire so I think you better just watch your mouth, Marine."
"Fucking pansy-ass."
I had turned back to grab my bag but still heard him mutter under his breath. I was tired of hearing his shit. It was exactly a ten second walk to the door and then I would be out of here and gone from his filth. I was going to just pretend I didn’t hear him, but of course that motherfucker couldn’t let it go.
I started for the door and he started after me, yelling for everyone in the room to hear. "Where are you off to this time Shepherd? What’s her name this week? Amy? Or Heather? Or Lindsey? Or are you off to see your pansy-ass boyfriend?" He stopped to laugh and I froze, my blood going ice cold. "Helping to fix his house up, my ass."
"Kowalski!" Corporal Jennings’ voice boomed out across the room. He was the most senior officer on hand at the moment so he would be considered in charge even though we were all off duty. But Kowalski ignored him. "Come on, Shepherd. Got nothing to say huh? Must be true then."
I was shaking and trying not to show it. I didn’t know what the hell to say to that. No matter what I said, he wasn’t going to believe me. But I knew I couldn’t just stand there and take it either.
"You motherfucking piece of shit. Not that it’s any of your god damned business, but no it’s not true."
He smirked at me, looking so damn smug. "Oh yeah? Then prove it."
"Kowalski! Step off NOW!" Corporal Jennings called out again. And this time everyone went silent. It was the perfect opportunity for me to just turn and leave. But the problem was, as much as I didn’t want to dignify stupid ass Kowalski with any kind of response, there were six other guys in the room. Guys who—although we were "buddies," and Marine brothers—would forever have questions in their mind about me, thanks to Kowalski. They wouldn’t be so bold as he was to say anything to my face, but I knew now they’d always wonder in the back of their mind. How the hell was I going to prove it? My hands shook as I grabbed my phone, the only thing I could think of. I found a picture and held it out for him to see.
"He’s engaged to my cousin, asshole. I’m helping him fix up their house as my wedding present to them." The picture on my phone was a picture from Bobby’s wedding—a random pic from a dozen or so Kate had sent me—of Chase standing next to my female cousin, Emily. It was a plausible enough picture. "Again, not that it’s any of your fucking business!"
And then, finally, I turned and walked out.
****
Somehow, I made it all the way to San Diego, although I was in no shape to be driving. I was still shaking, from anger, from fear, and my gut was twisted into knots.
Chase opened his front door as soon as he saw me pull up, smiling big as he waited on me. 
"Hey, baby, I’ve been—" He didn’t even get to finish, I shoved him aside, dropped my bag and headed straight for the bathroom, making it just barely in time. My stomach heaved and I retched violently, purging everything that was or had ever been in my system. 
When it finally stopped I just sat there with my forehead leaning against the toilet seat. Chase was suddenly right there next to me, with a cold wash rag. "Come on, baby, lift your head up," his voice was so soothing; I felt it wash through my bones. I wanted to just curl up next to him and stay there forever.
Instead, I shoved his hand with the rag away. I sat upright against the wall, and closed my eyes. I felt two tears roll down my cheeks and I was too exhausted to even wipe them away.
"Adam, what’s wrong? Are you okay?"
So we sat there, on the floor of the bathroom and I told him everything, from the beginning—how Kowalski had been bothering me for a while now, what happened to him today and what happened after he came back to the barracks.
Chase settled next to me and wrapped his arms around me, and for the moment I let him. "Jesus, baby. That guy is a bigoted asshole. I have some comments about how they managed to let someone like him into the Marines but I’ll hold those. I’m so, so sorry Adam."
I leaned out of his embrace and looked him in the eye. "That’s all you have to say?" He didn’t answer. "Don’t you even care that I had to make up some big huge lie and tell people that you were marrying my cousin?"
His voice was quiet. "Did they believe you?" 
"I don’t know. Most of them don’t usually believe the filth that spews from Kowalski’s mouth, so I think they would believe me."
He nodded his head. "All right, then." He started to get up. 
"You really don’t care? You should be yelling and cursing and hitting me—anything. You should be pissed off that not only have I shoved you in the closet but I have to lie about who you are."
He sighed and finally looked down at me. "Adam, of course I’m not happy about it. But I don’t know any of these people, so I don’t give a fuck what they think about me. If it makes it easier for you, then tell ‘em I’m married to three wives with a dozen kids. Whatever will keep you safe and coming back to me. That’s all I care about." Then he turned and walked out of the room.
****
The final blow happened two weeks later. The word was that Kowalski had been reprimanded pretty severely for what had happened that day and he had thankfully been keeping his distance from me. In fact he never said another word to me and I didn’t even hear him joking around as much with the other guys. 
Field training was finally over for everyone and of course the guys all wanted to go out and celebrate. We went to this little dive bar just off base, and commandeered the big booth in the back, telling the waitress to keep the pitchers flowing. There were several groups of single girls in the bar, so I knew it would only be a matter of time before the boys all started pairing off with whichever cutie was speaking to their dick that particular night. As soon as that started happening, that was my cue to start acting drunk and then leave so I could head to Chase’s.
There was one chick that was seated at the bar and as I walked by once from the bathroom, she stopped me and tried to strike up a conversation. I was polite and chatted with her then took the number she gave me and shoved it in my pocket before heading back to the table. 
The boys of course razzed me about the "hot chick I was talking to," and I laughed it off.  As I sat back down, I noticed Kowalski had suddenly shown up. He didn’t say anything, just kept looking at me in that smug-ass way of his. Later, I wished I had just turned around and left right then.
An hour later and the night was progressing as I had predicted. I was the only one left in our booth and I was just getting ready to leave when I saw Kowalski talking to the chick at the bar who had hit on me earlier. He was nodding back to the booth and then she turned and looked back at me and smiled. Shit. Now I really had to get out of here, no telling what he was cooking up.
Except she was quicker than I was, because the next thing I new there she was sliding into the booth next to me.
"Thank you for the drink."
I blinked. "Drink?"
She held up her glass and shook it. "The nice guy at the bar said you bought it for me." Then she sidled up to me even closer so our bodies were touching, squeezing me into the back of the booth. "I thought I should come over and say thank you in person." Her eyes were staring directly into mine. Then she was practically climbing on top of me, shoving her lips on mine. I could still see over her head and staring right at us with a sick smirk on his face was Kowalski. Motherfucker was gonna sit there and watch the whole thing to see what I’d do. My gut twisted at the sickness of this whole situation. 
"Mmm, you’re so hot," she breathed. She was running her hand down my chest and heading straight for the promised land. I realized I was trapped, literally and figuratively. So I tried to shut my mind off and once again, play the God damned part.
I started kissing her back and she was sticking her tongue in my throat. I ran my hands up her thighs, toward her practically nonexistent skirt, intending to just slip my fingers underneath the hem, to tease a little. Unfortunately that just encouraged her to start grabbing for my crotch and my jeans were just loose enough that she got a hand down there before I could stop her. I decided that now, I could be justified in getting her to stop, using the excuse of being in a public place. Kowalski was still leering at us, but he had got his show. 
After I got her hand out of my pants and told her we couldn’t do that here, she just got more animated.
"Oh yes, let’s get out of here, go somewhere a little more private." She jumped up and grabbed my hand and I decided to just keep going with it. The other guys saw us leaving and yelled out the typical lewd comments to us. 
Once we got out the door and she got in my car, I told her I wasn’t feeling good, but that I’d take her home. She pouted and tried to get me to change my mind but I refused, so she finally went inside her house. 
It was late, but I decided to just head straight for Chase’s now. It was just a couple miles to the highway and another mile to the first rest stop. I pulled in and over to the last spot in the parking lot, got out and threw up in the bushes. When I was done I got back in my truck and leaned my head on the steering wheel, trying to get my breathing under control. I don’t think it had been normal since that girl had slid into the booth with me. 
What the hell had I just done? I hadn’t been with anyone since I started seeing Chase. No one had kissed me, no one had touched me, certainly no one else had had their hand on my dick. I felt violated, I felt like I had betrayed Chase, like I was cheating. I mean it was all fake and it was with a girl and thank God nothing had gone any further. But, Jesus Christ. I had passed another test to prove I was a heterosexual, but at what cost? I felt like shit, I was numb inside. And it was going to be a never-ending process, there would always be more "tests," more insane play-acting. And I didn’t think I could do it anymore. 
****
It was nearly two in the morning when I got to Chase’s, but I didn’t want to wake him yet, so I sat in the truck for a couple of hours and then went and parked myself on his front stoop. I dozed off leaning my head against his door. So, I was woken up when he finally opened the door.
"Baby, what are you doing down there. Get up and come inside."
I stood but made no move to go inside. "No."
"No? But why not?"
"Because that will make it too hard." My voice was hoarse and it cracked as I spoke.
The look on his face suddenly got very serious and I knew he was bracing for what was coming.
"I can’t do this anymore."
"Adam—"
"I want to be with you but it’s killing me. Do you know what I had to do tonight? This time that damn Kowalski trapped me into making out with a girl. She was kissing me and I had to kiss her back. Her tongue was in my throat and her hand was on my dick."
And finally, I saw it there on his face. The crushing reaction of realizing your lover had cheated on you, even if not sexually. The idea, the picture of someone else’s lips and hands on your lover’s body—no matter the reason—was crushing. He tried to get it together, to hide it but I had seen it. And it broke my heart to know I did that to him.
"It’s . . . okay . . . ." His voice was barely a whisper as he tried to tell me what he usually says. But I could see it was harder this time. And it would keep getting harder until the day would come where he wouldn’t be able to say it. And I couldn’t hang on until that day.
"Dammit, Chase, it’s not okay! And I’ve had enough."
"Adam, you just have to hang on a little longer—"
"Don’t tell me I can "hang on." You weren’t the one with some chick’s hands down your pants trying to not throw up because all you can think of is how much this is going to kill your boyfriend.
"And all the constant watching and looking over my shoulder at work, wondering if this is gonna be the day someone finds out. It’s not worth it."
His face paled. I looked in those beautiful blue-gray eyes I loved so much and they looked dull and lifeless as he spoke. "It’s not worth it. You mean we’re not worth it?"
I couldn’t say it, so I just turned and walked back toward my truck.
"Adam—"
I turned but kept walking backward. "You said it in the beginning. I don’t do relationships. Now you know why."
I got in the truck, backed up and drove away.
****
My chest hurt so bad I had to pull over to the side of the road; I almost thought I was having a heart attack. I think it was really all those horrible things I said to Chase trying to kill me.
I didn’t sleep at all that night, and then slept for ten hours, all through the entire next day. I think it was my body’s way of shutting down and repairing itself. I did feel like I’d been run over with a tank. It would get so bad at times that I would reach for my phone, to call Chase, to hear his voice and tell him that I was sorry and to grovel or do anything I had to, to get him back. But every time I managed to stop myself before punching the button, telling myself it was better this way, for both of us.
And then, three days later I got my deployment orders and two weeks later, I was with everyone else in my unit, saying goodbye to our families. Well, actually I didn’t have anyone there to send me off. Bobby had stayed in San Francisco because Kate was pregnant. It was only the first trimester, but she had been having a difficult time, and Bobby didn’t want to leave her, which I understood. And without Bobby there, I had told Mom not to come, I didn’t want her being alone while she was upset from seeing me off and then having to drive back to Fresno by herself. Instead, I had gone to see her two days ago, and we said our goodbyes, then.
So I could only stand there and wait, watching my fellow soldiers hugging and kissing their loved ones. I had a pang of loss as I thought how the only person I would want to see before I went off to the place I was going to—a place I might not come back from—was Chase. God, I missed him, I missed feeling his arms around me, I missed his smile, his scent . . . everything. And just as I thought I was going to keel over from the pain of missing him, I looked over to see a familiar face. Not Chase, but it was that gay Marine from the neighboring barracks that I had seen at the gay bar that time. His lover was here to see him off, and like every other couple here today, I saw the pain etched on both of their faces. But then I noticed something. Unlike every other couple here, they weren’t embracing; they weren’t kissing or whispering tender words of love and goodbyes in each other’s ears. No, they were simply standing there, face to face, not touching. The soldier’s lover was itching to, I could tell, but he was restraining himself. In the end, they shook hands and then leaned in for a brief "bro-hug/pat on the back." Then the Marine picked up his pack and headed toward the planes. 
And just like that my fantasy of having Chase here was shattered as I witnessed reality. Because if he had been here, we would have been exactly like that couple. Unable to touch, unable to appear as anything more than "friends." It broke my heart, again, but it also reinforced my original decision the night I ended things with him. This was the way it had to be.



CHAPTER 5

September 20, 2011
"Are you ready? Are you ready for me, baby?"
"Fuck, Chase, please . . . I need . . . oh God, inside me, please."
He groaned as he entered me, slowly, drawing out the exquisite mix of pleasure and pain. I shifted my hips up. I wanted him, I needed him, now. It only made him clamp his hands down harder on my hips, holding them still. He continued his slow, slow movements, inch by tortuous inch. I didn’t know how he was staying in control, I felt like I was going to combust into nothingness if this continued on.
"Chase . . . ." It was too much, I couldn’t breathe.
"Shh . . . patience, A, just hang on a little while longer.
And then finally, there he was, all of him, inside me. I felt so full, it was too much, too much . . . and I looked up and he looked so beautiful, those sexy eyes, those full lips smiling down at me. And suddenly I knew this was the only place I wanted to be; I wanted to stay here with him inside me, forever.
As much as I was begging him only two seconds ago, now I wanted to tell him to stay, to not move.
"Chase, don’t—"
But it was too late, he didn’t hear me, he pulled out and then slammed back in so hard, I cried out and came. I had no control over my body, it writhed and shook with the aftershocks and wouldn’t stop.
"Chase . . . !" I was so lost in the waves for a moment, I couldn’t see, I couldn’t feel him. I reached out blindly, frantically.
And then he was there, his arms holding me. "It’s okay, A, I’ve got you . . . I’ve got you."
I bolted straight up from my cot, my heart pounding. It was pitch black, and I was covered in sweat. As I listened to the sounds of the insects buzzing outside and the soft snoring and occasional shifting of the other Marines in my barracks, I slowly remembered where I was and collapsed back on my bunk.
When a soldier comes home from a deployment, especially one in a war zone, it is not uncommon to be tortured with dreams and nightmares for weeks, months, some even years. Everyone had them. But here I was, in the war zone, and I was having nightmares of real life, of back home . . . of him. Actually they weren’t exactly nightmares, because in them he was there and we were together and everything was perfect again. But they gave me a pain in my chest every time I woke up and realized it wasn’t real, so I guess in that respect they could be considered nightmares. Sick, twisted nightmares, taunting me.
I pulled out the tiny flashlight I kept with me and looked at my watch. It was 0400, almost time to get up anyway. I knew I was not going back to sleep so I reached under my cot and pulled out the dog-eared pocket calendar and pen I carried with me. I opened it up to today’s date and put a dark black mark through the square. Every soldier carried something similar with them. From the day their boots hit the sand, the countdown to get back home started. I filled mine out by habit—although I certainly wanted to get out of this hellhole, I didn’t really have much to return home to either.
Which, I would be doing soon. My tour was up in a few weeks. So it had been almost seven months since the last time I saw Chase, and not a day went by that I hadn’t thought of him in some capacity. If it wasn’t one of the dreams, then I would be wondering what he was doing at that moment. Had he finally got the bathroom painted? Did he get the grant money for the project he was working so hard on at his job? Did he still think about me? Or had he found someone else? That particular thought always hurt the worst, and a couple times nearly threw me into panic attack mode. 
He’d sent me a few emails the first couple of weeks, trying to convince me to change my mind, but I never answered them and they finally stopped. I remember thinking at the time, "Good. It’s finally over." But I didn’t feel any better, I just felt even more hollow. 
 With all my feelings of missing him, I never changed my mind though. I stubbornly still thought ending it with him was the only choice. The risk for me was too great if I was discovered and I was not going to put him through all of the hiding.
Bobby had called me the minute he found out from Chase. "Adam, you mother fucking asshole, what the hell are you doing?"
"Thanks, bro, I love you too."
"Shut up, and be serious, you know what I’m talking about."
It had been two days since I’d walked away from Chase and the wound was still raw and bleeding, I really didn’t want to talk about it or think about it. But I tried my best to explain my feelings to Bobby.
When I was done, he was silent for a long time; I almost thought he’d hung up. Then he sighed a heavy sigh. "Adam, you remember when you came to me and said you wanted to be a Marine? I asked you how you were going to deal with being gay and having to hide everything. And you swore you could handle it. Shit." The last word was almost a whisper.
I knew Bobby was getting stuck in the middle between the two of us and it killed me, but I hoped he would try to understand.
I heard him sigh again. "Listen, this is between you two, I’m not going to . . . I mean, hell, I admit this is got to be rough for both of you to deal with. But he’s a mess, man. And you might deny it, but I can tell you are too. I’m not going to lie; I was squicked out a little when you two first got together. I mean, my little brother and my best friend! But, I should have realized it was only a matter of time before it happened. You two have always had a special connection, Adam. A lot of people never find that in their entire lifetimes. So, do whatever you feel you need to do for you. But you’d better think long and hard before you just throw something like that away." 
Bobby stayed true to his word and stayed out of it, well, mostly. With all the talk the last six months of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell (DADT) being possibly repealed, he was constantly sending me email links to the latest news. Like the doofus thought I couldn’t follow the story on my own. The thing was, I was refusing to hold much stock in the idea. DADT had been in place so long, it felt like a fairytale to think there was going to be a day when gays could serve openly. To describe it as a very gay metaphor, it felt like we were on the never ending yellow brick road trying to get to the Wizard’s palace and I was sure any moment the Wicked Witch and her damn monkeys were going to swoop down and take it all from us, mocking us with her evil cackle.
Every week, when I went to the computer tent to make a skype call home to Mom, I had to see and listen to my fellow Marines, talking with their wives and significant others— "Baby, I miss you so much." "Baby, I love you and I can’t wait to see you again." There were even the bold ones who tried to be quiet but apparently didn’t care if anyone heard—"Baby, I’m gonna fuck you six ways to Sunday when I get home." Hell, I’d even heard a couple of skype marriage proposals. It was like a kick in the gut every time to have to listen to all of them and know that even if Chase and I were together, I’d never be able to tell him those things, not in such a public setting. As painful and unfair as it was, it just reinforced my decision.
****
The only times my mind felt clear and focused was when I was out on patrols. I had to be completely attuned and alert to the situation at hand and I actually felt less tense, as fucked up as that was. It was actually a relief to not be wallowing in my thoughts and feelings.
I began to volunteer for extra patrols to fill in for anyone who needed a break. After a few times of this, my commanding officer called me on it and wanted to know if anything was going on with me. It was part of his job to keep tabs on the men and their emotional states. Often times a soldier volunteering for more danger meant he was on a suicide mission. And not only did that mean he was in danger of getting himself killed, but he also could be dangerous to the other men on his team.
I was not about to tell him the real reason, of course but I did manage to convince him that I was just bored with the off-time and wanted to keep busy. It was a reasonable request; a lot of guys want to keep busy to not think about home too much.
I had agreed to yet another volunteer mission, this time filling in for another fellow radio operator who was cut down with a bout of the flu or food poisoning. I was on a new team, and as I looked around at who I’d be heading out with, I recognized the gay soldier from back home, the one with the boyfriend. I finally found out his name—McCann was stitched on his uniform. I found a rush of jealousy welling up in me, jealousy that he was apparently able to deal with the whole situation of having a secret relationship. A little shame began to creep in too, that I hadn’t been able to handle things as well as he had. He looked over and saw me and gave me a smile and a nod and I nodded back.
As the radio operator, it was my job to make sure everyone’s radio equipment was in working order and that everyone was able to stay in contact with each other. I got to hear all messages going back and forth between those of us out in the field and those at base command. It might sound like I was just an IT sort of guy and I was, in a way, but it was also a very important job. Men got killed when communications went awry.
We had been out for a couple of hours and everything was going very routinely when I started getting some strange garbled messages from the team ahead of us. I kept trying to call out to them, but there was interference and radio static that I was trying frantically to fix. And then all hell broke loose from my radio speaker—loud yelling and strings of swear words and sounds of gunfire, and a huge explosion. I had already jumped into action, radioing back to base camp for help and yelling at my men to get moving. It was now our job to hurry to where the first team was and provide back-up for whatever was going on. 
When we got there it was pretty much chaos—fires and black smoke, the other Marines yelling back and forth. And they were still shooting which meant there were still enemy forces around. I was relaying the scene in detail to base camp, when I heard another small explosion behind me. I felt myself getting knocked to the ground and then nothing but blackness.
****
That was the last thing I remembered before waking up in the base hospital. I was fine, thank God, just a lot of scrapes and a minor concussion. All head injuries were treated very seriously though, so no matter how minor, I had to stay in the hospital a couple of days. Other than a dull headache and occasional dizziness, I felt fine but they wouldn’t release me. I guess I shouldn’t complain; I was damn lucky. A few other guys had more severe injuries and three hadn’t made it at all. Since neither of the teams I was helping were my regular guys, I didn’t know any of them. It didn’t matter though, losing any brother was still a horrible tragedy.
Then I remembered that I did know one of them and my heart sank to my stomach. A nurse was passing by so I stopped her. 
"Was there a McCann brought in?"
She smiled and pointed over to the corner of the room. "Just some cuts and a few minor surface burns, he’ll be fine and out of here in a few days."
I let out a huge breath. He was sitting up in his bed, a big bandage on one arm. He had a laptop in front of him and the screen was turned just enough that I could see it. From the distance I wouldn’t have known who it was if I hadn’t see the guy before. But, I recognized that it was his partner, on a video skype call. McCann was smiling and then I watched in amazement as he placed his fingers up to his lips, kissed them and then placed them on the computer screen, on his partner’s lips. Normally if I saw any couple do this, be they gay or straight, I would think it completely schmaltzy. 
But not today. Today I was just happy for them. And I wished I had someone to do that to.
****
Being stuck in the hospital was its own kind of hell, because I had nothing to do but think. I couldn’t sleep because every time I did I would wake up wet with sweat and my heart racing. The nightmares/dreams were different now. I was back on patrol, the fighting and fires all around me, and I was yelling into my radio headset. Except I wasn’t calling back to base. I was yelling for Chase, frantic and upset because I couldn’t find him and was sure something had happened to him. And then the explosion, I got knocked down to the ground, only this time there are strong arms pulling me to safety. And once we were away from the danger, I open my eyes and see that it’s Chase. He’s looking down at me, with so much love in his eyes. "It’s okay little A., I’ve got you."
The third time I woke up from this same dream, it was the middle of the night and I was so disoriented in the pitch dark, that I literally had a meltdown when I realized Chase was not here. I practically decimated my pillow, clutching and squeezing it while sobbing silently. All I wanted was to be out of here, to be home, to be in Chase’s arms. To feel him and touch him and know he was real.
Eventually I calmed down, but I did not go back to sleep. Instead, I sat there in the dark and remembered. 
"You two have always had a special connection, Adam." Bobby’s words echoed back to me. He was right. Chase was Bobby’s friend first but when I looked back on my life, Chase was always there for me, in some form or another. As a pseudo big brother and "buddy" to hang out with when I was little. As strength and support when Dad died—when I had to be strong for everyone else, he was the one who was my strength when I needed him.
And then as my lover. Never in a million years would I have ever thought our story would end up there. I’d had to be the one to make the first move, but once he was in, he was in. When I remembered our problems and arguments, I realized they were all me. I was the one who was scared and who couldn’t handle being a Marine and being with him. He was the one who comforted me; he was the one who was willing to do whatever it took, with no questions or complaints.
"It’s not worth it. You mean we’re not worth it?" The last words he said to me that night, set the tears flowing again. Oh Chase you were so worth it. We were worth it. I was too damn scared at the time. And sitting here, in a hospital bed, lucky enough to still be here, living and breathing, I couldn’t believe what a complete idiot I was. What I had with Chase—Bobby was right when he said that some people wait a lifetime for that.  And I just threw it all away. 
I had no idea what the future might hold—if I would make it back home in three weeks alive, or if I would get redeployed back here in another six months and maybe not be so lucky next time. Hell, I could go home and get hit by a bus. Our lives were in danger every day, every moment was precious. I decided it was time to stop looking over my shoulder and start living for the future—for the future I wanted, everyone else be damned. I just hoped it wasn’t too late.
When the morning shift of nurses came on, I asked for a laptop. It took me an hour to compose the email, and another hour rereading it over and over and trying to get the courage to hit send.
Chase,
Hey. I’m sure this was a surprise to see my name pop up in your email. I really hope you are reading this and that you didn’t just automatically delete it.
I’ve typed and deleted and retyped this letter about a dozen times.
The night we last talked you asked me if we were worth it, and I didn’t answer you. I couldn’t. Because the truth was, yes we were worth it. You were worth it. But I was too damn tired and scared of everything. I should have been stronger, like you. Because you’ve always been the strong one. You’ve always been there for me. And the one time I could be there for you and for us, the one time I could stand up and face the world as a man, I ran.
I know this probably comes seven months too late, and maybe it won’t change anything now, but I have to say it—I’m sorry, Chase, I’m so, so sorry.
I don’t have any right to ask this of you, but I’ve already proven what an idiot I am, so I’m going to ask it anyway.
I warned you when we got back from Bobby’s wedding that I would probably fuck it up and I did, royally. I know that, and I’ll do anything for the rest of my life to make it up to you, I swear. I just want another chance, to prove that I can be a better man for you.
Okay so, that’s all. I think about you all the time, wondering how you are and what you are doing. I hope everything is going okay for you.
A. 
I was jittery the rest of the day, and it was hard not to keep checking my email every five minutes. The laptop was a communal one for patients, so I only had limited time on it. I let the nurses know I was waiting on an important email, so they promised to let me check it every hour or so if it wasn’t in use. One nurse, in particular, I think, knew the type of email I was waiting on. She let me check more often than the other nurses did and she gave me this sympathetic smile every time there was no email.
The next morning, after I’d woken up, there was finally a response.
I couldn’t breathe and my fingers were shaking as I clicked the email.
Adam,
I heard from Bobby that you were caught in a bad situation over there. I’m really glad to know you are okay. 
As for the rest . . . I don’t know, I need some time. That’s . . . the best I can give right now.
Take care of yourself over there.
Chase
I blew out a big breath. I had to admit I was heartbroken at first, but I had hurt him and I shouldn’t expect him to just forgive me overnight. And he hadn’t exactly said no. So, I just had to keep reminding myself of this, it was okay. I could work with this. 
****
Two weeks later, I was working in the communications building when the news came over armed forces radio.
Today, the President signed the bill officially ending Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell for all branches of service, ending eighteen years of the policy. Gay soldiers in all branches have been quietly marking time since the first amendment calling for the end of the Don’t Ask Ban was first initiated in 2010.
Then they played a brief clip of an unidentified soldier commenting on the situation: This is a historic day for the military, and for gay men and women in the military who will now be able to continue to serve their country but also be true to who they are without having to hide anymore.
And that was that. I was kind of shocked; the pessimist in me really couldn’t believe that it had gone through. But it did. It was finally over.
Of course, as a gay man in the Marines, I wasn’t exactly going to go waving a flag announcing I was gay, because I knew I had to keep working with the other soldiers. While ninety percent probably wouldn’t care, there would always be assholes like Kowalski to deal with. The important part was, I was free to do whatever I wanted on my own time and there would be no repercussions if anyone found out. And I could tell any of my fellow Marines and I could not be kicked out. No more pretending that I had a girlfriend or having to make out with a girl just to play the pretense.
Of course the first person I thought of was Chase. We could really be together now. No hiding. I hadn’t received any more emails from him, but I was still hopeful. Marking the days off in my little pocket calendar had new meaning, now. Every day was one day closer to him. In fact, we were going home next week. I was already planning to go see him as soon as my feet touched the ground and we were dismissed. Then I got an idea, and decided to send Chase another email.
Chase,
I’m sure you’ve heard the news already. I just heard a report on the radio, DADT is repealed. For good. I have to admit I was afraid it wasn’t going to happen. It just sounded too good to be true. But it’s done.
You’re all I’ve been able to think about since I heard. We can be together now and we can do whatever we want, and no one can mess with me or us.
I know you said you would need some time, and I’m trying, I don’t want to push anything. I will wait for however long it takes. But I am dying to see you. My deployment is over, I’m coming home next week, Friday. I was hoping maybe you’d think about coming to the base hangar to meet the plane when we get in. I promise I don’t need anything from you. I just want your face to be the first one I see when I get home.
A. 
I hit send and sat there for a few minutes before sending another email:
Chase,
I love you, and I miss you so much.
A. 
****
I was so jumpy as the plane landed; it was a good thing I was required to wear a seat belt to strap me in. Chase had still never responded to my emails from last week and I had a bad feeling that it meant he wasn’t coming. I tried to tap that fear down though, and try and just concentrate on the hope that maybe he would.
We loaded off the plane into our formations, and after a few words, our commanders officially dismissed us. Everyone ran for the hangar, more than ready to be reunited with their families. 
Nerves suddenly overtook me, and I walked a little slower to the hangar, trying to put off going in there as long as possible. If Chase wasn’t inside, it was going to be crushing.
By the time I got inside it was loud and chaotic, everyone running and hugging and crying and talking. My heart was pounding as I strained my neck and my eyes darted everywhere. I didn’t see him.
And then someone moved and there he was. Standing across the room. He was pacing, doing the same thing I was doing, neck craned, looking everywhere. Until he spotted me.
At first I couldn’t move, we both just stood there taking each other in. Slowly a smile crept across his face. And I knew everything was going to be okay. At that moment, I wasn’t even aware of anyone else in the room, I didn’t give a second thought about what I could or couldn’t do or what anyone might think.
I just started running toward him, watching his smile get bigger as he waited for me. I didn’t even stop when I got to him, I just jumped into his arms, needing to touch every inch of him I could.
And just like he had always been in every important moment of my life, he was there to catch me. I wrapped my legs around him and held on for dear life as I smashed my lips to his and he met me back with equal force. In the haze of lust and love, I realized our very first kiss in that hotel elevator had started exactly like this. It felt symbolic to me, like we really were starting over.
We finally broke apart from the kiss to breathe and suddenly all of the tension and emotion in my body from the last month began to fall away, and I found myself shaking and clinging to him.
He just continued to hold me tight, as he whispered in my ear.
"It’s okay, Little A . . . I’ve got you.
###



About the author:
 CJ Anthony started reading and writing at an early age. She attributes her love of reading and romance to her mother who not only taught her to read but also made countless trips to the library lugging piles of books home for her to read. When she wasn’t reading she was watching her mother’s soap operas and falling in love with the idea of romance and passion and true love. 
Her early teachers opened her eyes to realizing she could make up stories in her head and write them down. She recently unearthed one of these early masterpieces, a sad tale of the Rose family dying and being given a funeral by their friends the Pansies. (It really wasn’t as morbid as it sounds, accompanied by an illustration of lots of smiling happy flowers) 
As often happens, life and work eventually got in the way of both her reading and writing and it was a long bleak, dark, passionless period of her life. Then one day she picked up a book that sparked her love of reading again. But her world really changed the day she read her first M/M story. She fell down the rabbit hole of M/M love and never looked back. She loves reading stories of a person finding their true love through happiness and heartbreak, and believes that who you love is who you love, no matter the gender. (And if one man is good then two (or ahem three or four) are better.)
Although she works in a creative job by day, she enjoys coming home and unleashing her real creativity by writing down the stories in her head and dreaming of two men . . . um, well, you know. Her former teachers, however, would probably have a heart attack to see what she writes about now. Definitely not stories about flowers . . . although maybe the lonely, rich recluse hires a young hot gardener to tend to his roses and then . . . (runs off to write)
CJ can be found at:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/cjanthony.writer
Twitter:@C_J_Anthony
