






















Marrying the Millionaire
The Brides of Hilton Head Island
Book 2

ISBN: 978-1-5075245-0-3

Copyright © 2014 by McAfee Publications & Entertainment



Cover Design by Niina Cord
Formatting: Inkstain Interior Book Designing
Editor:  Curtis Baker, Ghostwriter Extraordinaire

Sabrina Sims McAfee can be contacted via her website:
www.sabrinasimsmcafee.com








To my dedicated readers: Once again, thanks for your support. Because of you, I’m able to fulfill my writing passion. From the bottom of my heart, I can never thank my readers enough.









For my son, Anthony.
I’m so proud of you and the man you’re becoming.
Every time I look at you, my heart warms.
Thank you for being a wonderful son.
Love you more,
Mom











THE FULL MOON GLOWED BRIGHT in the dark sky, casting a downward circular light over the brown brick mansion at the Spauldings’ estate. Crickets chirped outdoors on the many acreages of emerald grass. Bullfrogs burped, hopping about the slender grass near the wide marsh. Other than the sounds of small animals, a quiet stillness eased throughout the small town of Hilton Head Island this calm, late evening. 
Rays from the moon perched around sparkling stars spilled through the sheer curtains to the inside of Salina Spaulding’s master bedroom suite. As Salina lay deathly ill on her back with her eyes closed in her mahogany, four poster bed, draped with ivory sheer scarves, her bedroom door opened with a resounding creak. With death closing in on her, she peeled open her droopy eyes as the rusty hinges of the door assailed her ears. 
Struggling to inhale her next breath through the thin, clear oxygen tubes inside her nose, Salina looked across the pitch dark bedroom toward the entrance to find the tall silhouette of the man she’d been waiting for there. 
Thank God you came. You’re going to help me. Dear God, please forgive me for what I’m about to do. I’m. So. Tired. 
Wearing an ivory, silk nightgown, Salina struggled to bring her aching arms from by her sides to rest them in her lap beneath the cotton comforter. With a portable ventilator positioned beside her king-sized bed, she inhaled oxygen through the tiny tubes inside her nose. 
“Please,” she whispered, then swallowed. Pain rippled inside her dry, crackly throat. “Come in.” She struggled to convey the two words. He’s here. He’s really going to do it. 
Slithers of moonlight shined on the man as he stalked toward Salina, looking like a tall, dark shadow. Reaching her bedside, he paused and stood over her for what seemed like long minutes. 
Please, don’t change…your…mind. You have to help me. 
Standing over her bed, glowering down at her, he pulled the beaded string of the lamp positioned on the nightstand, and the gloomy room vaguely brightened. A weary expression settled on the gentleman’s stubbly round face. Remorse dulled his eyes. 
“Oh, Salina.” He shook his head. “My dear, sweet Salina.”  A sharp breath expelled from his lips. 
Honing in on her face, his head tilted. His dark gaze wandered over the ivory silk comforter down to the foot of the bed, then back up to her face. Watching him watch her, Salina’s heart grappled inside her aching chest. 
Shaking his head profusely, his shoulders sagged. He swiped his bearded face, placed a black medical bag on the wooden nightstand, then sat on the mattress next to her. 
“Are you sure you want to do this, Salina?”  His deep baritone voice flowed over the cold room. 
Salina’s bones pulsed as she sucked cold air into the sacs of her fluid-filled lungs. She nodded. When she inhaled a deep breath, even her lungs hurt. 
“I’m positive. I can’t do this anymore. Tired.”  
Her lids lowered, then reopened. Thinking about her situation, she turned her head and stared at the window. 
Stricken with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, Salina had lost a great proportion of her ability to initiate and control voluntary movements of her bodily functions.  Once a very active and vibrant person who loved to indulge in outdoor activities and exercising, the disease had now turned for the worse, leaving her with aspiration pneumonia and severe weight loss, not to mention her extraocular muscles were affecting her eye movements and the doctors now felt she needed a tracheotomy. 
This is no way to live. I’m alive, but not living. I’m dying. Salina’s mind shifted to her husband. Oh, Richmond, I hate to do this, but it’s time. It’s my time to go home and be with the Lord. 
Dying a slow death, Salina’s entire body pained against the white, soft cotton sheets. As her trusted, dedicated friend sat beside her on her bed, she blinked at the tears teetering on her eyelashes. With a soft pillow propped beneath her head, Salina turned her head to capture his sullen gaze. A single tear streamed from her right eye down over her cheek. Using the pad of his thumb, he wiped the water from her face.  
The muscles in his hairy jaws clenched. “Don’t cry, Salina. I’m sorry, I can’t do this,” he said in a shaky voice, shaking his head. He tore his gaze away from hers to stare at the wall over his shoulder. 
Salina slid her hand across the linen toward him and circled her fingers around his wrist, and he returned his sullen gaze back to her face. In a whispering tone, she reminded him, “You promised. Please. I. Hurt. Bad. I want,” she squeezed her eyelids together, “to die.”  Her misty eyes slowly reopened. 
Her husband, Richmond, would undoubtedly hate her if he ever found out that she’d taken her own life. That with assistance, she’d committed suicide. Her little girl, Isabelle, would hate her, too. But tired of living in severe pain…she had to do what was best for her. 
Not wanting to be a burden on Richmond, her death would be a blessing for him, she rationalized. She loved her husband more than anything in the world, and it was unbearable for her to watch him as he watched her die. Thank God she’d convinced him to attend his first cousin’s wedding in Virginia so she could partake in this insanely hideous act. 
Oh, Isabelle, I’m going to miss you, my sweet, precious angel, Salina thought, depressed because she wouldn’t live to see her daughter grow up and graduate from high school. She wouldn’t get to see her walk down the aisle and get married, nor would she be there when she’d had her first baby. A tear trickled down her right cheek. 
“God, forgive me for letting you talk me into this,” his shaky voice descended down over her. 
Tears streamed down her friend’s face onto his dress shirt. Cupping her hand, he hefted it to his mouth and placed a tender kiss on her knuckles. His lips trembled. Salina’s chest tightened. She swallowed. 
“God will forgive us both.”  
The man Salina loved so dearly reached into his medical bag and pulled out a syringe and a tiny, clear bottle. He stuck the tip of the needle into the bottle and filled the syringe with the poison. 
Giving his head a hard shake, he lifted her arm from her side, inhaled harshly, and pricked her skin with the pointed tip of the needle. The cold poison coursed through her veins. 
“Thank you,” she cried. Discontent hardened the lines of his face as he gently lowered her arm to her side. “The letter. Don’t forget the letter,” she reminded him. 
He lulled open her drawer, pulled out the letter addressed to her husband Richmond, then slid it into the pocket inside his blazer. Tears puddled in his eyes. He grazed her cheek with his knuckles. Tender. Gentle. 
“I hope I never have to give Richmond this letter.” 
I hope you don’t either. If he ever finds out I killed myself, he’ll hate me for all eternity. 
Suddenly engulfed with nausea, the drug shot through Salina’s veins like hot gasoline. Her lungs constricted and expanded and constricted. Her breathing labored. 
“It’s working. Thank. You.”  
Quick, shallow breaths rushed through the small circular opening of her pursed lips. 
I’m losing my breath. Can hardly breathe. 
Bright headlights from outdoors in the driveway streamed through the sheer drapes and spilled inside the bedroom. Tires rolling over thick gravel punctuated her eardrums. A car engine hummed. 
Salina’s friend hastened to the window, stood to the side of the wall. Wary, he stuck two fingers between the cracks in the blinds and scissored them open to peer out the window into the dark night. 
“Richmond’s here.”  He cursed. “You’re husband’s home.” Shock was laden in his voice. His shoes shuffled across the carpet as he rushed back over to the bed where she lay dying. “Apparently, he changed his mind about going to the wedding.”
Tears of grief drenched Salina’s face. “Go out,” she inhaled harshly, “back door.”
Mercy darkened the gentleman’s eyes standing over her bed. “Dear God. Look what I’ve done. This is murder.” As Salina fought to breathe in her next breath, he bent over and gently kissed her hot forehead. “I’m sorry things had to be this way. Ask God to forgive me when you get to Heaven,” he mumbled. Grief-stricken, he snatched his medical bag from the bed, then hastened out of the room like a thief in the night.  
Suffocating, Salina inhaled deeply. Her lazy eyes drifted closed, then her vision turned black. 
I’m coming to meet you, God. 
The rhythmic beating of her heart slowed. Harsh wisps of air squeezed from her slightly-parted mouth. Feeling life slip from her banged-up body, she crossed her hands across her breasts. 
My soul’s slipping. I’m sorry, Richmond. Sorry, Isabelle. 
“Salina.” 
Keeping her lids sealed, Salina heard her loving husband, Richmond, call out her name. Submerged in a sea of blackness, she sank further into death. 
When Richmond sat down beside her on the bed, she felt the mattress sink with a resounding squeak. Gently wrapping his large hand around hers, he grazed his knuckles against her cheek with his free hand. Oh God, she loved him more than she loved herself. 
Richmond cleared his throat. “I decided not to go to the wedding. I just couldn’t leave you, darling. You’re so beautiful when you sleep, my sweet, precious wife.”  Hearing her husband’s deep baritone voice, her heart clenched. 
Suddenly, a hot pang shot through Salina’s veins, zapped to her heart. Her eyes sprang open. She gasped for air. 
“Uhhh.” 
Her lungs constricted harshly. Feeling as if she was having a heart attack, pain stabbed her heart. Muscles contracted. Bones ached. Having no control over her bodily functions, she shook violently. Like an evil spirit had entered her body. Like an exorcist had gripped her soul. 
Fear widened Richmond’s chestnut eyes. “Oh my God, Salina!”  He leaned into her, clutched her biceps. “What’s wrong?  What’s wrong?”  Panicked, he scooped her up in his muscular arms and squeezed tight. 
I’m so sorry, so sorry. I’m leaving. 
As she quaked against his solid chest, he reached over to the nightstand, snatched the phone off the receiver, and dialed 911. Dying within her husband’s strong embrace, Salina’s limbs stiffened. Her fists balled. Trying not to swallow her tongue, she clenched her teeth. 
Gazing at her handsome husband’s face, her vision turned pitch black. 
Goodbye, Richmond. I. Love. You. 
Her eyes wide open, Salina inhaled one final breath. Her soul spiraled from her body up toward the night sky and floated past the glowing moon. Salina died in the arms of the only man she’d ever loved—her wonderful husband—Richmond Kenard Spaulding. 





KAYLA CRAWFORD SAT AT THE round table inside her kitchen, holding her face. Pain throbbed at the sides of her temples as she wept her eyes out. Nerves on edge, her stomach roiled with cramps. 
At the loud sound of the cordless telephone ringing, Kayla lifted her aching head from her dampened palms and swallowed the sorrowful emotion threatening to spurt from her quivering mouth. 
My life is a mess. A fat, disgusting mess. 
Upset, her heart clenched inside her tight chest. 
Kayla’s husband, Carson, stalked inside the kitchen dragging a black suitcase behind him. Sporting a low haircut, a snide expression outlined the features of his brown-complexioned face. One look at the pitiful expression on her wet face, and Carson shook his head. 
“I’ll have my attorney contact yours. Please don’t get greedy in what you’re asking for. When talking with your attorney, keep in mind, if it weren’t for me, you wouldn’t have anything. Not a damn thing.” 
Carson’s cruel words sliced Kayla’s pounding heart in half. She swiped at the tear rolling down her cheek, then sniffled. What did he mean, she wouldn’t have anything if it weren’t for him?  
Holding Carson’s brutal stare, Kayla pushed back the chair and stood. Jackass!  The last time she checked, she had a Bachelor’s of Arts degree in Education and had planned on becoming a teacher; however, right after she’d graduated from the University of South Carolina, she’d gotten pregnant. He’d insisted they get married, and he’d ordered her to become a housewife to raise their son, Carson Jr., CJ. 
Gosh, why did I name my son after this jerk? 
Irritated beyond measure, Kayla huffed. Feeling like a fool desperate to hold on to her marriage, she folded her arms beneath her breasts and uttered, “Why are you in such a rush to divorce me?” She knew they had marital problems, but everybody does. There wasn’t such a thing as a perfect marriage. But a divorce?  A freaking divorce?  “Can’t we at least separate for a while?”  She blinked at the tears swelling inside her eyeballs. 
Carson rolled his eyes.  He released the handle of his suitcase and straightened his red speckled tie. “Look. I might as well tell you the truth. I would give our marriage a second chance if I loved you. But that’s the thing, Kayla,” he uttered, shaking his head, “I don’t love you anymore.”
Kayla’s heart caved. Drip. Drip. Drip, drip, drip.  Huge droplets of water poured from her eyes, streamed down her face like a running faucet. You’re having an affair, aren’t you, Carson?  Sniffling, she choked out, “What’s her name?”
Carson’s head jerked back. He frowned. “Huh?  Ah, come on now, Kayla. Surely, you don’t think I’m involved with anyone.” His cold, heartless tone floated around inside the kitchen. 
I can tell by the look in your eyes you’re lying, Carson. Kayla flung her arms up in the air. “What else am I supposed to think, Carson?  You sprang this whole divorce thing on me two weeks ago. Out of the blue, you just up and want a divorce. I know there’s someone else.” 
Silence loomed in the air as dread filled her from head to toe. For the life of her, she couldn’t remember the last time her husband had intimately touched her. Or the last time he had made sweet, tender love to her. Or the last time he’d asked her on a date for a fun night on the town. Being married to Carson sucked. 
Understanding how far they’d grown apart, Kayla’s heart cracked in half. She should’ve seen this divorce coming a long time ago, but she hadn’t. She’d been too busy lying to herself, telling herself that everything between them was okay. That her husband didn’t spend time with her because he was too busy working, and too busy golfing. Too busy hanging out with his guy friends. He found time to spend with everybody, except for her and their son, CJ. Yes, his actions had indicated he didn’t love her anymore, but she’d lied to herself and convinced herself that he did. 
Silence loomed, heightening the tension. Carson stalked over to the refrigerator to grab a cold beer. Glaring at her as if she stank, he leaned up against the edge of the sink and gulped the beverage. 
Despaired, Kayla released a harsh sigh. I don’t want a divorce. Lord knows I don’t. Please God, help my stupid husband see fit to stay. What will CJ and I do without him? I don’t even have a freaking job. Having gone from high school straight to college, she’d never worked a day in her life. 
Carson blew out a pent-up breath. “We married young, okay?”  He grimaced. 
So what? Shaking her head, Kayla rolled her eyes. She fought to control her swirling emotions. 
“Lots of people marry young, but they don’t just up and file for a divorce. Marriage is supposed to be for better or worse. You have to work through the hard times, together. It’s not just about you. You’re twenty-six, grown, and have a son to think about. What about CJ?  Can’t we at least try to work this out for the sake of our son?”
Carson held Kayla’s gaze for a brief moment. Leaving the beer bottle on the granite counter, he gripped the handle of his luggage, then walked toward the front door. Keeping his back to her, he grasped the door knob and gazed out the pane of square glass carved in the door. 
As if he were contemplating his degrading decision, Carson’s shoulders rose and fell with every breath he inhaled. Still clenching the brass door knob, he shook his head hard. 
“It’s too late for us, Kayla.”  
Whatever. 
Without looking back at his wife, he pulled open the door and walked out on her, leaving his son behind as well.     
At the sound of the door shutting, a loud sob burst from Kayla’s throat and echoed inside the living room. Staggering toward the couch, she dropped to her knees, slapped hard hands to her crying face. Pain riveted her soul. 
Tilting her head back, she choked on her moaning sobs. 
He left me. He left me and my baby. How could he do this to us?  
Her shoulders shook violently as she sat on the floor crying, slowly dying inside. 
I gave Carson the best years of my life. My youngest years, and he does this to me. I can’t afford to keep this house. What am I going to do?  I’m twenty-four and about to get a divorce. Lord, help me. Please help me. 
Shocked and feeling betrayed, Kayla pulled her weak body into an upright position. She crawled over to the couch and remained sitting on the floor. With her back aligned to the sofa, Kayla grabbed the v of her cotton shirt, then dragged it over her running nose, then her burning eyes. The telephone rang again, then stopped. Then it began ringing once more. 
I don’t feel like talking now.   
Her throbbing head felt as if it would burst wide open. She leaned the back of her head on the edge of the cushion, closed her eyes, and reminisced about the love she and Carson once shared. Early on in their relationship, he’d been so good to her. Forget that crap, it hurt too bad to think of the day she’d spotted him walking across the lawn while he was visiting his sister in college.  
“Mommy! Mommy!” Kayla’s two-year-old son, CJ, scuttled inside the living room, clutching the cordless telephone in his hand. “It Papa!” he shouted, standing in front of her, out of breath and smiling. 
Oh, CJ, why did you answer the phone?  I’m in no mood to talk. Staring at her with his piercing, brown, doe-like eyes, her heart warmed. I have to pull myself together for you. 
 CJ put the tip of his finger in his mouth. “Here.”  He extended the telephone to her. “Ah, uh, Papa want you, Mommy.”
Holding the phone to her ear, Kayla rubbed the frontal lobe of her throbbing forehead. “Hello?”
“Kayla! Thank God you’re home!” A worrisome tone coated her grandfather’s voice. 
Kayla swallowed. “What’s wrong, Grandpa?”
He cleared his throat. “I have something I need to tell you in person, and it can’t wait. Pack your things and come home first thing tomorrow morning.” 
This sounds serious. Wiping her nose with her backhand, Kayla sniffed. “Can’t you just tell me now?”
“No!” Her grandfather’s voice was firm. “Come home. Tomorrow.”  
Oh, God. I hope you’re not ill, Grandpa.  
CJ plopped down in his mother’s lap. Sitting in her lap, belly-to-belly, CJ placed his tiny hands on her cheeks. “What’s wrong, Mommy?  Why are you crying?”  His bottom lip curled under. 
Kayla put her index finger to her mouth to silence CJ. “I’ll be home tomorrow.”
“Good. Good.” 
Giving her a worrisome stare, CJ wiped his mother’s tears with his little fingers, then kissed her lips. “Luv you, Mommy.” 
Kayla mouthed love you back and smiled. “Where are you, Grandpa?” she asked. 
“I’m in the car, driving home.” 
“Grandpa, it’s not good to talk on the cell phone while driving.” 
“You’re right, but—” 
Eeeerrr! Kayla heard the sound of loud, screeching brakes, then she heard a loud boom. 
Anxiety gripped her. “Grandpa! Grandpa!” A static sound buzzed in her eardrum, then the line completely silenced.  “Hello?! Hello?!” 









FIVE DAYS LATER, MID-WEDNESDAY MORNING, the gloomy grey sky crackled with a streak of white flash lightning. Thunder rumbled over the Earth, vibrating the drenched grounds of the Low Country Memorial Cemetery on Hilton Head Island. Rain dropped in floods over the green tent shielding Richmond Spaulding as he stood over his deceased wife, his darling Salina’s casket. 
Richmond’s soul burned with grief. He transfixed his gaze from the sheets of rain pouring from the sky down to the white glossy casket. Just as Salina had adamantly requested before her demise, he’d put a lavender tulip spread sprouting white baby breaths on her casket. Salina loved tulips, she loved life. She loved our daughter, Isabelle, and she loved me.  
“Let’s please bow our heads,” the Pastor requested. 
Listening to the Pastor pray a few feet away from where he stood, Richmond kept his head bowed and his eyes sealed. Broken-hearted, he was determined not to cry. His steely determination to keep his raw emotions buried didn’t mean he didn’t love his wife, because Lord knows he loved Salina with every fiber in his being. It was just that, well, he had to be strong for his precious three-year-old daughter, Isabelle.  
I should be in that casket, not my darling wife, Salina. The love of my life. Dear God, taking my wife…You got this so wrong.  
Continuing to listen to the blessed words the Pastor recited, Richmond’s eyes peeled open, but his head remained hung. Listening to the tinkering sounds of the pelting rain, he gazed down at his shined black leather shoes. 
I already miss you, Salina. So, very, much. God, You got this wrong. How could You be so cruel?   
A loud pop of thunder boomed overhead, and Richmond’s head snapped up from between his shoulders. Isabelle jumped, standing next to him. Just as her tiny fingers circled around his, he hefted her in his arms and kissed her honey-tanned cheek. 
Pressing his lips to Isabelle’s ear, Richmond whispered, “It’s okay, baby. It’s okay. Daddy’s got you.” You’re all I have now. 
Isabelle nodded, looking every bit like her mother. From her silky, black ringlets hair flowing past her shoulders to her brown honey complexion and natural mauve-colored lips, Isabelle was the spitting image of his Salina. Staring into his daughter’s delicate chestnut brown eyes, pain pricked his heart. 
Dear God. She’s gone. Your mother’s gone, Isabelle.  
Richmond placed a gentle hand to the side of his daughter’s hair, eased her head to his chest, then kissed the soft, spiraling curls covering her cute round head. Inhaling the profound mixture of wet grass and mud, he squeezed his eyes together. 
I’m going to make sure nothing ever happens to you. And I promise you, Pumpkin, come hell or high water, I’m going to find out who poisoned your mother. When I do, I’m going to kill him with my own bare hands. Break his damn neck in half. That’s a promise, he thought, his eyes fluttering open.  Grief-stricken by Salina’s murder, Richmond shuddered. 
“Amen,” the Pastor stated. 
“Amen,” the crowd of people encircling him pronounced on the lift of their bowed heads. 
Grief pierced Richmond’s father’s, Russell Spaulding’s, eyes. “I’m going to go thank the guests for coming. Then I’m going to head to the Equestrian to check on the business.” 
“Are you coming to the repass?” Richmond asked. 
Russell nodded. “If time permits, I’ll come by.” 
Damn his workaholic father, Russell, who claimed he was retired but never acted like it. Even on one of the worst days of Richmond’s life, all he cared about was his damn business—Spaulding Equestrian Center. The least he could do was make an appearance at the repass. When he wasn’t thinking about work, all Russell did was indulge in the many gold-digging women running around town. 
Richmond’s mother, Leslie, rubbed circles on her son’s back. “I’ll be there. In fact, I’m going to get a jump start to make sure everything runs smoothly.” 


STRAIN PULLED RICHMOND’S FACE TIGHT. “Thanks, Mom.” 
Leslie rolled her eyes at her ex-husband, Russell. “Unlike some people, you can always count on your mother.”
Russell’s eyes narrowed at Leslie. “Now is not the time, Leslie.”
Leslie’s jaw muscle flickered. “It’s never the time, Russell. Is it?” Leslie kissed her granddaughter Isabelle’s cheek, then walked off. 
One by one, attendees at the funeral made their way up to him and Isabelle, expressing their deepest condolences. As the many people approached him and his daughter, Richmond carefully studied their faces, their body language, and most importantly their eyes. Any one of these people speaking to him, shaking his hand, kissing his daughter, could have possibly poisoned his wife and be the murderer. Wondering if the killer was amongst him, he grimaced. 
Richmond’s good friend Braylon Wexler, along with his beautiful wife, Sandella, and their baby, Logan, approached him. “I’m sorry for your loss,” Sandella uttered sadly as Logan sat perched on her hip. 
Admiring Braylon’s beautiful family, Richmond’s burning nose flared. Stressed, he nodded at his friends. “Sandella, Braylon, thanks for coming.”
Deep, gut-wrenching hurt penetrated Braylon’s pupils. “Don’t thank us. You know we’d do anything to support you. We loved Salina.”  Braylon threw his arms around Richmond and Isabelle. “Salina was a good woman. She’s with God now.”  
Glancing up at him, Sandella placed a gentle hand to his arm. “Let us know if there’s anything we can do. After things settle down a little, maybe we can get the girls together for a playdate.” 
Drool slithered from baby Logan’s mouth down her chin. As if she understood the word “playdate”, she gave Richmond a big smile, revealing a single tooth perking out from her bottom gum. 
Playdate?  I don’t know where to begin with a playdate. God, I’m a single father at the age of thirty. “I think Isabelle would like that.”
Braylon patted Richmond’s shoulder, then let his hand fall to his side. “Sandella has an employee out today, so we’re not going to make the repass. But we’ll stop by tomorrow to check on you.” 
Seeing Braylon and Sandella as husband and wife reminded him of what he’ll never have again—a great marriage. Overwhelmed, his knees threatened to buckle. This is how Salina and I used to look before she got sick. So happy, and vibrant, and in love. Dread almost choked him.
“Don’t feel obligated to stop by. I’m good, man,”  Richmond outright lied. I’m a big ball of fucked up. 
“We’ll see you tomorrow,” Braylon said flatly. He placed his hand in the small of Sandella’s back, opened the umbrella, and the two of them walked across the emerald lawn toward their car parked on the curb of the road. 
Richmond’s estate manager of Spaulding Equestrian Center began heading in his direction and paused when she reached him. “I’ll take Isabelle for you.” Chelsey reached for Isabelle, but Richmond declined her gracious offer.
“Thanks, Chelsey. She’s going to stay with me for now.”
Chelsey rubbed circles on Isabelle’s back. “I understand. I’ll meet you back at the house for the repass.”
Richmond nodded. 
The heavy raindrops turned to a soft, slow drizzle. Grey clouds disintegrated into white puffs. Family and friends headed for their vehicles off in the distance, leaving Richmond alone with just his daughter and the funeral director. 
The funeral director began lowering Salina’s casket into the depths of the murky earth. Richmond’s whole body stiffened as he peered down into the ground and watched on in despair. Goodbye, my darling Salina. I’ll always love you. I can’t take this, he thought, hastening away with Isabelle cradled in his arms. 
He stalked across thick patches of dewy emerald grass, drew open the door of the black sleek limo, then climbed inside. After he strapped Isabelle in her seatbelt, he buckled his. This is the worst day of my life. Haven’t slept in days.  
Rows of cars piled inside the cemetery in remembrance of Salina shined their bright headlights. As the limo drove slowly along the curve of the slick asphalt, Richmond glanced out the window and spotted a small graveside procession near the pond ending. It couldn’t have been more than five people in attendance. 
A brown-complexioned woman wearing an off-white dress stood beneath a tent, dabbing at the corners of her eyes with a handkerchief. Her brunette straight hair blew in the wind, brushing her face. She took a few steps, and her knees buckled. In an effort to keep her from falling, the two women walking beside her clutched her arms and tried to balance her. Fright rounded the little boy’s eyes standing behind the upset female. 
She looks like she’s about to hit the ground. I know exactly how she feels. “Stop the car!” 
The limo rolled to a halt. Without thinking, Richmond flung open the door and stepped into a puddle of water drenching the concrete. As he jogged across the soaked lawn toward the upset lady, water squished beneath the soles of his shoes. Reaching the distraught woman, he paused, his heart thudding harshly in his chest from running. 
Crying her eyes out, the distressed woman kept her head bowed as the two women standing beside her clutched her arms to keep her from falling to the ground. “Do you need any help carrying her?” Tempted to grab her, he instinctively extended his arms, but didn’t touch her. 
The weeping woman slowly lifted her head from between her sagging shoulders to meet his gaze. Hurt stained her red, puffy eyes. Specks of thin snot dampened the openings of her nostrils. 
She sniffled. “I’ll be fine.”  Her soft voice was barely audible. “I just need to get some rest, to sleep.” 
Me, too. Dismayed, Richmond’s heart clenched. “I can carry you if you need me to.”
Forgoing his kind offer by shaking her head, long hair bristled her brown, sad face. “No, thanks.”
“Are you sure, Kayla?” the woman to her left asked, looking almost identical to this Kayla woman. 
Tears streamed down Kayla’s face. Veins bulged at her temples. “I’m sure.”  The women released her arms. Insistent that she make it to the car by herself, Kayla hiccupped. When she took a step forward, the fragile young woman stumbled to the ground, landing on her knees. “Life is not fair,” she whimpered, her shoulders shaking up and down. Up and down. 
“Mommy. Mommy. Please don’t die like Papa.”  The little boy beside the troubled lady looked on with a scared expression on his face. 
Poor thing. Like it or not, you’re getting help. Richmond scooped Kayla up into his arms. Cradling her fragile body to his chest, he peered down at the cute kid. “Your mommy’s not going to die, fellow. Let’s get her in the car.”  Toting Kayla, he marched across the lawn toward a black Cadillac. 
One of the women who’d been assisting Kayla fell in stride next to Richmond and glanced up at him. “Thank you so much, Sir.”
“You’re welcome.”
The woman then looked at Kayla. “As soon as we get home, I’m cooking you a hot meal, and you’re going to eat it. I’m not taking no for an answer this time. Grandpa would want you to take care of yourself, you know?”
Sniffling, Kayla nodded. Richmond opened the rear door to the black Cadillac and eased Kayla onto the leather seat. The tip of her nose beamed a bright red. “Thanks, Mr.—”
“I hope you feel better.”  Richmond turned on his heels, hurried back toward his vehicle, clambered inside, and rejoined his precious pumpkin, Isabelle. Heartbroken beyond measure, he cupped his daughter’s tiny palm. 
Eyes burning, he inhaled deeply. As the limousine drove through the cemetery’s black iron gates, deep hurt spread through his system, tempting to make him cry. God, I can’t let Isabelle see me cry. I have to be strong for her. Jesus Christ! You got it wrong, God. Damn You. 
Mourning, Richmond draped an arm around Isabelle’s shoulder and drew her closer to his side. Mercy, he hadn’t slept in days. Hadn’t slept since the night he’d found Salina dying in their bed from being poisoned. Had Salina died on her own from the terrible disease, ALS, that’d be one thing. But for someone to take her life was another. My wife was murdered. An expletive entered his mind. Killed. 
Gazing out the window as the limo drove past ancient storefront buildings, a long breath ousted from his mouth. Head throbbing, he clenched his teeth. It wasn’t fair that his precious pumpkin would grow up without her mother. It wasn’t fair that someone had taken his wife’s, Salina’s, life. And it wasn’t fair that he hadn’t found his wife’s killer yet. 
Disgruntled, his forehead crinkled. Oh, Isabelle. Who killed your mother? Who? Damnit. Who!







THE KILLER SAT IN THE blue recliner inside his office, glaring out the window at the trees. Thinking about what he did, his heart shattered inside his tight chest. A tear puddled in the corner of his right eye, then trickled down his bearded face. He stirred uneasily in the chair, positioned the tip of the black ink pen to the paper, and wrote. 
Dear Diary,
I ain’t never been the type of man to write shit down inside a book. No, not ever. But the shit I done went and did has me crying myself to sleep tonight. I’m not letting the tears stream down my face, though. I’m just sitting in a recliner, writing and crying with my heart. I’m crying so hard with my heart until my chest is tightened, and cramping, and it’s sore to the point I feel like I’m having a heart attack. If I die in this recliner as I pen this letter, I deserve it. 
It’s raining cats and dogs outside right now, just as it had earlier today during Salina’s funeral. Poor Richmond and his pumpkin, Isabelle. The two of them looked so distraught and hurt. Like the world as they knew it had descended down on their heads and crashed their perfect worlds into. They didn’t deserve what I did to them. Salina didn’t either. 
Oh God, please forgive me. Please. Not only did I kill Salina, but I’m the reason my good friend Leroy Van Buren is dead. He died in that car crash because of me. 
While at Salina’s funeral, I looked across the way and spotted Leroy’s granddaughter, Kayla. It breaks my heart to know I killed not one, but two people. Both of whom I loved. I should’ve never gotten in that car with Leroy on the night I killed Salina.  
As I sit here suffering, drowning in my own grief, I’m listening to big balls of hell drop from the raining sky, then crackle against the window pane. I can hardly breathe. I feel so guilty for allowing Salina to talk me into murdering her. Gotdamnme!  Now that she’s dead and sleeping in her grave at my expense, I’m fucked up inside the brain. Hurt so bad, I want to die. Why and how I let her convince me to kill her has me dying a slow death, laced with guilt. If nothing else kills me, the guilt alone will.  






TWO YEARS LATER ON HILTON Head Island, the roasting summer depleted its dry, hot days as the cool fall air breezed into the Low Country, offering sweet, sultry days and warm autumn nights. One early Thursday morning, the bright sun rose above the ancient oaks in the back yard of Kayla’s deceased grandfather’s estate and glistened down over the one story, grey wooden house that he’d willed to her.  
Peck. Peck. Peckpeckpeck. A bird’s beak pecking against the glass window ticked in Kayla’s ears as she lay on her side in her grandfather’s old comfy bed, trying to sleep. Peck. Peckpeckpeck. Why does this stupid bird insist on waking me up every morning? Kayla thought, keeping her eyes strained together. Knowing she had a long, exhausting day ahead of her, she clenched the comforter tighter to her chin. Peckpeckpeck. 
Wishing the stupid bird would fly away, Kayla huffed. Her eyes fluttered open. Irritated at the crazy pecking bird, she rolled to her back and peered up at the ceiling. 
Sun slipped through the tiny slits in the blinds and soaked into the skin of her face. Squinting against the bright rays, she stretched her legs down the soft linen on the mattress. Yawning, she stretched her arms above her head, then climbed out of bed. 
Wearing a pink cotton tank and black pajama shorts, she treaded over to the window to look at that darn bird still hitting its beak against the window. Peckpeckpeck.  Kayla pulled the string on the blinds, lifting them. Sure enough, the red-bellied woodpecker had returned at its usual time again this morning. Kayla smiled at the beautiful animal. Bright red fur buzzed at the top of the white bird’s head, and white lines squiggled on its pitch black wings. Its eyes looked like dark, inked circles. 
You’re a cute, furry thing. “Why don’t you try coming an hour later tomorrow?” she spoke to the bird, as if it may have a clue as to what she was saying. 
Reflecting on the night her grandfather, Leroy Van Buren, had called her right before he’d had that terrible car crash, Kayla’s heart crunched. She wrapped her fingers around the string of the blind and continued gazing at the tall trees in the distance. 
Oh, Grandpa. I miss you. Why’d you have to die?  First my mother, then grandma, and now you. You’re all gone. 
 Except for her baby sister, Alana, and her lovely son, CJ, Kayla had no one. No family. Just a few close friends. 
For a brief moment, her mind traveled back to the rainy day she’d buried her grandfather. His funeral had been small and short, just the way he would have wanted it. After the funeral, she’d been so hurt until she’d fallen to her knees, and some kind stranger had jumped out of his limo to come assist her in her time of bereavement. The man had lifted her from the ground, carried her to the car, then slid her into the back seat. Without uttering a single word, the strong-looking warrior had stalked off, leaving her questioning his identity. Quite often, she thought of him. Who was he?  Where are you now? I hope you’re doing okay.    
Kayla’s eyes roamed over the slender, tall grass and bright yellow daisies swaying in the air. Gosh, the grass needed cutting rather urgently. And my, the decay ate away at the rotten wooden fence in the backyard. While she appreciated her grandfather willing her his house, keeping it up, with very little income coming in, burdened her. Unable to find a steady job, Kayla’s shoulders knotted with frustration. The money Carson gives me is just not enough. The money Grandpa left me is about to run out. I need a job bad. I have the worst luck in the world. 
Times had been hard for Kayla ever since her ex-husband, Carson, had walked out on her. Had left her for another woman. Carson had always been the one to take care of all their finances, and now he barely gave her enough money to take care of his own son. As soon as I get a job, I’m taking Carson’s behind to court and putting him on child support. I hate to do that, but he leaves me no choice. Two hundred dollars a month is nothing considering he makes well over one hundred thousand dollars a year. 
Although she had a Bachelor’s degree in Education, Carson had forbidden Kayla to work during their short marriage. He’d insisted she stay home and do the domestic housework, like cleaning, cooking, and taking care of their son. Now as a single mother, she struggled to keep a job that fit with CJ’s schedule. Daycare alone cost more than what any job in this small town was willing to pay her. 
Expelling a long sigh, Kayla closed her eyes. I can do this. I can take care of me and my son. God, please help me find a good job. 
Thinking back over her life, she opened her eyes and stared at her back yard. My goodness, there was just so much to do to her house. The rotten wooden fence needed replacing. The garage door opener needed fixing. The house needed a thick coat of fresh grey paint. And well, she was too broke to hire a handyman, so she guessed she’d just do it all herself. I can learn anything I want to. I’m not going to let my divorce keep me down anymore. It’s time for me to get out there and make something of myself. I have a son to raise, and I’m going to do a darn good job raising him. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” CJ ran into Kayla’s room. “Is the birdee here?”
“Yes, CJ.”
“Can I pat him, pleaasssee?”
The woodpecker spread its black wings, then flew across the yard and landed on the roof of the birdhouse. Smiling, Kayla rubbed the top of CJ’s head. She crouched down in front of him and stared into his big, round eyes. 
“I don’t think he’ll let you touch him. He’ll probably fly away if you try.” CJ loved this bird and had become enthralled with birdwatching, a habit her grandfather had had up until his death. “How about Mommy make you some yummy pancakes this morning?”
“Yayyy!”   Clapping his hands, CJ jumped up and down. 
After using the bathroom, brushing her teeth, then making sure that CJ brushed his teeth and freshened up as well, Kayla headed for the kitchen. As she walked barefoot across the cold marble tile of the kitchen floor, she thought of how she’d like to replace the green and yellow pinstriped window treatment above the sink, and the dingy carpet in the living room as well. That’d be so costly, though, she thought, pulling a box of pancake batter from the cabinet. I’ve filled out so many job applications. Somebody, please call me for a job. 
After Kayla got the pancakes, bacon, and eggs cooked, she fixed CJ’s plate, then sat him in the chair at the kitchen table. Hovering over her son, she sliced his pancakes into tiny bite size pieces, then drizzled them with sweet maple syrup. Using her hand, Kayla ruffled the hair on his head. 
“Dig in, buddy. I’ll be right back.” 
CJ stabbed the fork into the pancake, then jabbed it into his mouth. “Where you going, Mommy?” he asked, chewing. 
Kayla rubbed circles on his back. “Don’t talk with food in your mouth. That can be dangerous.” 
CJ shrugged. “Why come?”
That was her precocious CJ…always answer a question with a question. “Because if you talk with food in your mouth, you can choke. And then you won’t be able to breathe.”  CJ’s eyes spread as if a light bulb went off inside his head. Chewing with his mouth sealed tight, he nodded. She reiterated, “I’m going outside to get the paper. I’ll be right back.”
The raggedy screen door squeaked when Kayla pushed it open and stepped out onto the porch. As she descended the steps, the wooden planks creaked beneath her bare feet. Darn, even the porch needed new boards. Walking the length of the long driveway, the humid morning air felt clammy against her skin. Spotting her neighbor Betsie Mae Dowling sitting in a rocking chair on her porch, Kayla waved with a smile. 
Fanning herself with her hand, Betsie Mae stood, then trekked over to the iron fence that separated their front yards from one another. “How you doing this morning, Kayla?  Need any help with anything?” The gray-haired lady curled her fingers around the fence. 
Kayla shook her head. Yes. I need help finding a job. My car needs new tires. Grandpa’s truck needs an air conditioner.  Determined to be independent, Kayla didn’t dare tell her neighbor about her many financial problems. 
“No, thanks, Betsie Mae. I’m good.”
Betsie Mae dragged her back hand over her wrinkled forehead. “Well, my Paul told me to tell you to let him know if you need anything. Same goes for me. Okay?” 
Grandpa had the best neighbors, and now I do. “Tell Paul I said thanks.” Kayla stooped to retrieve the paper, then headed back into the house. 
Anxious to get her caffeinated fix, she placed a pot of water on the stove and turned it to high. Sitting beside CJ, she turned the newspaper to the classified section in search of a job. Shucks. Everything required experience, she thought, her eyes skimming over the paper. Forbidding her to work, Carson had handicapped her, had caused her to not have any darn work experience. Other than knowing how to take care of a child, she didn’t know how to do anything. 
Growing frustrated, she folded the paper, laying it aside. Watching CJ eat, she clasped her fingers as terrible regrets assailed her. 
I need to study for the teacher certification exam and try to become a teacher, like I’ve always wanted. Like I always dreamed of. Getting a degree is useless if you’re not going to use it. I was so stupid for letting Carson convince me to sit on my behind and do nothing with my life. Walking around barefoot and pregnant, taking care of him. Letting him have sex with me even when I didn’t feel like it. Keeping me locked up in the house while he went out and partied. All for what? To end up divorced. Lonely. Broke.   
Reflecting with some bitterness, Kayla put her elbows up on the table and fisted her chin. The cordless telephone on the counter beside where she sat rang. She hefted it from the receiver, dropping it on her ear. Lord, help me.
 “Hello.”
“Yes. May I please speak with Kayla Crawford?”
Kayla straightened her back against the chair. “This is Kayla.”
“Hi, Kayla. This is Sandy Burgess calling from the Nanny Staffing Agency. How are you this morning?”
Kayla’s heart pounded like drums in her chest. Please be calling me about a job. “I’m great. And you?” 
“Just fine. Thanks for asking. I’m calling because a nanny position just became open this morning. One of our wealthy clients had to fire his nanny for poor conduct yesterday, and he needs to replace her as soon as possible. The gentleman’s name is Mr. Spaulding. He’s the CEO of Spaulding Equestrian Center. Mr. Spaulding has very high expectations. If he finds the right person, he wants her to start immediately.”  
Kayla’s mind whirled with excitement. Feeling as if God had read her mind, she placed a hand over her heart. “I can start right away. Today if he needs me to.”  Excited about the possibility of landing a job, she’d rushed the words out of her mouth. 
“Good. Can you interview with him today?  Let’s say, mmm, mmm, around eleven this morning?”
Blissful, Kayla smiled. Her eyes traveled to the time on the microwave. It was nine o’clock. “Yes. Eleven is fine.”
“I’ll let Mr. Spaulding know that you’ll be there at eleven, then. You’re his first appointment. Whatever you do, please don’t be late. He’s very particular about being punctual. If you’re late, you can forget about him hiring you,” Sandy warned. 
Kayla’s lips hitched. “I promise, I’ll be on time,” she said, scooting back her chair. “Thanks for thinking of me, Sandy.”
“I’ve already told Mr. Spaulding that I feel you’re the best person for the job. He and I are close friends. He takes my referrals into great consideration.”
This lady is too nice. “Oh, thanks, Sandy! Thank you sooo much.” 
“You’re quite welcome. Good luck, Kayla. And whatever you do, please be on time.” Sandy ended the call. 
Happiness twirled in Kayla’s belly. She picked up her house phone and dialed Betsie next door. 
“Hello,” Betsie answered in that froggy, throaty voice of hers. 
“Hi, Betsie. It’s me, Kayla.”
“I know this is you, Kayla. Don’t nobody call over here for Paul or me but you. Everything okay, Ms. Lady?”
“Yes. I just received a phone call for a job interview, and I need somebody to watch CJ this morning for a couple of hours. Will you watch him for me? As soon as the interview is over, I promise to come get him right away.”
“No problems, chile. Just bring that sweet little boy of yours right on over after you get ready. You hear? And don’t rush. Take your time. Paul and I could use some company to spice things up around here.”
Kayla felt her lips curve into a smile. “Thank you so much, Betsie Mae.”
“Chile, don’t even mention it. Do good on your interview. Okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.” She ended the call. 
Kayla grabbed CJ’s hand, then hastened to his bedroom. Hands floundering over the clothes inside CJ’s drawer while on her knees, CJ stood at the foot of his bed watching her. 
“Mommy has an interview today,” she stated, hefting a blue shirt with a white fluffy dog on the front of it from his drawer. 
Pulling him to her, she started dressing him. She pulled a pair of jeans up over CJ’s hips, then buttoned them. Lifting his arms in the air, she rolled the animal shirt down over his head. 
Fully dressed, CJ’s bottom lip folded under. “I don’t like this shirt, Mommy,” he whined. “I want to wear the Spiderman shirt.” Pouting, he folded his arms over his little chest. 
You always wear that darn Spiderman shirt, CJ. “You can wear the Spiderman shirt tomorrow?  Okay?” Wanting to make him feel better about the shirt he had on, Kayla caressed his arm. 
Disappointed, CJ stumped his foot and frowned. “No, Mommy! No! I want to wear Spiderman today!” 
The corner of Kayla’s mouth twisted with agitation. “Don’t get feisty, CJ.  You’re wearing this shirt, and that’s it.”  She picked CJ up, gently sat him on his bed, then turned the television to the cartoon show Bubble Guppies. “Stay in here and watch TV, okay?  Mommy’s going to take a shower.” 
CJ nodded. “Okay. Bubble Guppies!”  He clapped his hands. 
Kayla rushed into her bedroom, stripped off her clothing, and hopped in the shower. Letting the warm water pelt her skin, she lathered her washcloth with soap. She had no clue who this wealthy Mr. Spaulding was, but she sure hoped he’d find it in his heart to give her the nanny position. 
As she rubbed the soapy washcloth in circles under her armpit, she squeezed her eyes together and prayed. 
Please, God. Please, let me get this job. I need it. Bad. You know my ex-husband barely gives me enough money to take care of CJ. It’d be really nice if I could make my own money so I don’t have to financially depend on Carson. Lord, thank You for everything You do for CJ and me. Amen.   
Kayla’s eyes sprang open. Hopefulness warmed her heart. With her entire body covered in sudsy bubbles, she turned her back toward the shower head and let the water rinse her off. The water felt soothing against the hard knots in her shoulders caused by her cheap, selfish ex. 
“I have to get this job. God, I’m so nervous.” 
Kayla stepped from the shower onto the cool tile, grabbed the towel from the rack, and toweled herself off. She spied the time on the clock. Good Lord! She’d been in the shower thinking about Carson, and time had flown by just that quickly.
Standing nude in front of the mirror, she removed her shower cap and began brushing the tangles out of her straight hair. After she applied her makeup, she threw on a plain grey dress that stopped right above her knees. 
I look awfully plain. Boring. I wish I had a navy blue suit or something fancier to wear. What the heck do nannies wear on interviews anyway? Shoot, if I don’t hurry up and get out of here, I’m going to be late. 
Kayla grabbed her black bag off her bed, snatched her keys off the dresser, and rushed out of her room. Scurrying down the hallway, her hip accidentally bumped into the desk pressed against the wall. A picture of her grandparents went flying to the floor. When she bent down to pick it up, the back slid off, exposing a picture of her grandfather and some man standing on a boat dock, fishing. 
Placing the broken frame back on the table, Kayla flipped over the photo of the man to find a name in her grandfather’s signature scribbled on the back—Russell. Who’s Russell? He never spoke about a Russell to me. Mmmph. Must be a new friend. 
In a rush, she burst inside CJ’s sports-themed, decorative room to find him not there. Standing in the doorway, her heart dropped. Where did he go? 
“CJ!” 
Not in the mood to play hide and seek, Kayla searched behind the shower curtain inside his bathroom for CJ, but he wasn’t there either. Panicked, she searched all the closets inside the house, the bottom bathroom cabinets, and the pantry. Both the living room and the family room. 
“Oh God, CJ!  Where are you?!”
Fear coursed through Kayla’s veins as she flung open the kitchen’s back door, leading to the fenced-in backyard. Worried, she stepped onto the back porch and spotted CJ sitting inside the manmade tree house her grandfather had crafted especially for him. 
Holding a pair of binoculars up to his eyes, CJ called himself birdwatching. Damn him!  He’d changed shirts and put on that darn Spiderman T-shirt anyway. He’s going to have me late for my interview. 
Apparently spotting her through the binoculars, CJ waved. “Hey, Mommy.”
Kayla’s face scrunched as her mood veered to sharp disapproval. “CJ!  You’re so darn hardheaded at times.” 
Exasperated, she scampered down the steps of the back porch and ran toward the birdhouse out back. Jogging through the slender, tall grass in her low heels, she tripped and fell flat on her face in a pile of grainy dirt. 
CJ squealed. “Mommy! You OK?”
I could kill this kid sometimes!  
Livid, Kayla pressed her flat hands into the soil, lifted her face from the ground, and staggered to her feet. Glancing up at CJ, she fisted her hips. It was a good thing she didn’t believe in spanking because she’d probably beat that boy’s rear until it turned piping red hot for this. She marched closer to the tree house. She frowned so hard until her face hurt. 
Glaring up at CJ as he sat inside the birdhouse, cradling the binoculars in his tiny hands, she ground her back molars. “Get your behind down here right now, CJ!” she demanded, pointing an index finger toward the ground. 
Kayla glowered down at the dirt stains embedded on her cotton dress and cried inwardly. I look a hot mess. I’m never going to make my interview in time. Being a single mother is so hard sometimes. 
CJ’s bottom lip curled under. He clambered down the ladder and slowly walked up to her. “I’m sorry, Mommy.” 
With a hand on her hip, Kayla pointed a finger in his cute, sorrowful face and spat, “You should be sorry, CJ.” With no time to waste, she jerked him off his feet, propped him on her hip, and ran next door to Betsie Mae’s house to drop him off. 
In a panicked rush, she hopped in her grandfather’s red pickup truck, jammed the key in the ignition, and backed up out of the driveway. Running late, she threw the gear in drive. The tires on the old truck screeched when she flooded the gas. 
Long moments later, Kayla drove the beat up truck down the long, straight road toward the Spaulding Estate. Clenching the steering wheel, humid fall air blew through the opened windows into the truck, whipping her long hair across her perspiring, dingy face. Instead of racing to an interview, she wished she was at home indulging in a long, hot bubble bath and washing the grimy-feeling dirt from her arms and knees. 
God, it’s so freaking hot. I’ve got to get the air conditioner fixed in this truck and get some new tires on my car. Oh Carson, how could you skip your child support payment again?   I need that money. I’m struggling. Bad. All you care about is yourself. 
Determined to remain strong, Kayla gassed the truck at rapid speed down the narrow, clean road. Grey Spanish moss dangled from the limbs of burly oaks on either side of the road. Many acreages of emerald bare land lined both sides, too. Mr. Spaulding must own this entire area out here. 
The scenery out in this rich part of town was breathtaking and rather secluded, she thought, thinking her chances of actually landing the nanny job were highly unlikely with the way she looked. For at least two miles down the road, there wasn’t a single home in sight, and then suddenly a large equestrian appeared to her right. Is there where I’m supposed to be?   
The engine on the truck gurgled rough, then shimmied, causing Kayla to wonder if it’d break down any minute now. She slowed the shaking truck to read the sign posted outside the black wrought iron gate encircling the spacious property. Spaulding Equestrian Center. Trying to read the brown numbers on the brick mailbox, she squinted. Do I have the right address? 
A blond-haired gentleman riding a horse on the other side of the gate spotted her looking at the estate. Fisting the reins, he steered the black horse in her direction. 
“May I help you?” he asked, bringing the animal to a stop beside the truck. 
Kayla gazed at the Caucasian man’s face. What striking blue eyes he has. “Yes, I’m looking for Mr. Spaulding’s Estate. Is this it?”
Mr. Blue Eyes shook his head. “No, ma’am. This is Mr. Spaulding’s Equestrian, his place of business. His home is three miles further down the road.”  He nodded.
“Thanks.”
Wondering if she should’ve just cancelled her interview, Kayla pressed hard on the gas and began driving further down the long road. Another two and three quarters miles later, she heard a loud pop. What in the world? Pop. Pop. The steering wheel vibrated in her clenching grip as the vehicle shook, rocked, and shimmied. Pressing hard on the brakes, she brought the vehicle to a harsh stop at the side of the road. 
Smelling burnt rubber, Kayla clambered out of the truck and noticed she had a flat tire. Feeling doomed, she threw her arms in the air. 
“I can’t believe this!”  She kicked the side of the truck. “A freaking flat tire!” 
Fuming, she laid her head on the hot hood of the car. I’ve got to keep going. I’ve got to earn a living for myself. 
Kayla’s misery was like a steel weight as she lifted her head from the hood of the truck. Straightening her stance, she faced forward to find Mr. Spaulding’s estate nestled in the cul-de-sac straight ahead. Woooowww. 
The brown brick mansion sat centered on several acreages of thick emerald grass. Round ivory columns encircled the entire porch from front to back. Steep stairs led up to the front porch, decorated with red, wooden rocking chairs. A huge marsh edging along a lake, dominated by willowy brown grasses and deep rooted rushes, bristled behind the mansion. To the right of the home sat a brown barn and a stack of yellowish hay. If Kayla had to guesstimate, the big house had to be at least fifteen thousand square feet. Maybe twenty.
This job probably pays a lot. I’ve got to get this job. I just have to. 
Kayla’s heartbeat escalated. Suddenly, her courage and determination were like a rock inside her. She took off running.    






RICHMOND’S JAW MUSCLES FLICKERED. SITTING at the burnt brown refurbished desk inside his home office at his ranch style estate, he spied the time on his laptop. Eleven twenty-five. She’s late. Very. Late. 
Disapproving of his candidate’s tardiness, a low groan rattled at the base of his throat. Upset, he stared at the deer head tacked to the wall above the entrance of the doorway. The person he hired to care for his precious daughter Isabelle had to demonstrate loyalty and honesty, and she had to be caring. And on damn time. He wanted nothing but the best for his daughter, his pumpkin. 
Having run out of patience for this supposedly great candidate named Kayla Crawford to arrive, Richmond slammed a hard fist down on his desk. Right when he hefted his cell phone from the desk to call Sandy at the Nanny Staffing Agency to tell her to forget about him hiring Kayla, his doorbell rang. 
It’d be a cold day in hell before I hire this Kayla-late-ass-Crawford to take care of my Isabelle. 
He was so frustrated ‘til his teeth ached from clenching them so hard. He hated tardy people, and slackers. 
His estate manager, Chelsey, strolled inside his office wearing a navy blue shirt, a pair of tan slacks, and flat Sperry’s. Her short blonde hair stopped at her shoulders. 
“Richmond, your eleven o’clock interview has arrived. Should I show her in at this time?”
Richmond gave his head a hard shake. “No.”
Chelsey’s brows lifted. “Huh?”
Frustration rattled his spirit. “I’m not going to interview her.”
Chelsey’s light green eyes rounded. “What should I tell her?”
“Nothing. I’ll tell this Kayla woman I’m not interviewing her myself.”  I specifically told Sandy I hated when people showed up late for their jobs and interviews. Richmond scooted the chair back, stood, then crossed the room to Chelsey. 
Consideration shone in Chelsey’s pupils. “Are you sure you don’t want to listen to why she’s late first?”
Richmond was so mad, he felt he could poof smoke from his ears. Just a few days ago, he had to fire his nanny for being late all the time. Now this Kayla woman was late and had the nerve to still show up for her interview. She was thirty minutes late at that. Not five minutes late. Or ten. Or fifteen. But thirty.  
“I’m positive, Chelsey. There’s no way I’m hiring someone who’s not even considerate enough to call and say why they’re running late. After the last nanny I hired, I have to be more cautious and more particular as to who I hire to take care of Isabelle. Sarah was a complete and utter disaster. Had no business caring for a child.”  
Richmond pivoted on his heels, then stalked down the narrow hallway of his home. Lord, help me. I sure do miss my sweet Salina. She should be here caring for our daughter, not some nanny, he thought, praying someday the private investigator he’d hired would capture his dead wife’s murderer.  
Richmond rounded the corner of the hallway and stalked into the living room to find the dirtiest looking interviewee he’d ever laid eyes on; however, although this Kayla didn’t present well, she sure as heck was mighty pretty. No, make that extremely beautiful. So beautiful, she’d almost knocked him off his feet when he’d first laid eyes on her. So what? Carefully thinking of how he was going to tell her to get lost, his eyes linked with hers, then lingered up and down her body.   
Black soot stained the high cheekbones of her brown, caramel, cute face. Trouble settled deeply into her dark brown, mesmerizing irises. Long brunette hair tangled wildly over her shoulders and down her back. Her ears were small and dainty. Her breasts ample, perky. Her nose, perfect. 
God, you look familiar. Where have I seen you before?  As rough as you appear, lady, you’re still pretty. Naturally beautiful.  
Surprised Kayla had the nerve to show up at his house this late for an important interview, he extended his hand to her. “Richmond. Spaulding.”
The gentle, yet unkempt looking woman linked her soft palm to his. “Kayla. Crawford.”  Swallowing, she tightened her grip around his. “Mr. Spaulding.” She blinked, her long lashes shadowing her face. Releasing his hand, she cleared her throat. “I’m so sorry I’m late and showed up for the interview looking like this, but my son—”   
Excuses. Excuses. Richmond hoped his stare drilled into her as he stated, “There’s no need to apologize. Things happen. I’m sure you have a good reason for being tardy; however, I’ve decided not to interview you.” Many people had often found his bluntness a character flaw, but he didn’t give a damn. As far as he was concerned, it was better to know the truth and to know where a person was coming from. 
Kayla’s disappointed eyes sprouted wide. “Huh? But I, I’m sorry. My son—”
Undeterred by her excuses, Richmond kept his lips in a straight line. “One of my greatest pet peeves is tardiness, Kayla.”
Gazing up at him with those round squirrel eyes of hers, Kayla tilted her head. Ah, damn. She looked pitiful, but still, he couldn’t risk hiring her. After everything Isabelle had been through, she needed a lot of attention. Someone who understood loss, and hurt, and what it felt like to lose a mother. 
This woman probably has never lost a thing in her life. As cute as she is, she’s probably spoiled rotten. 
Kayla’s shoulders motioned up, then down as she took a deep breath.  “Aren’t you going to at least hear me out?” she asked with a shrug. 
Why you’re late doesn’t matter. “No. I’m pressed for time.”
“But I—”
“Nothing you say will change my mind.” His brows dipped. This stubborn lady doesn’t like taking no for an answer, I see. “You should’ve called to say you were running late. Now if you’ll excuse me, I have some important business I need to take care of.” Richmond rounded Kayla, then pulled open his front door. “Good day, Ms. Crawford. I wish you well with finding the right job to fit your personality.” He stepped to the side to let her by. Maybe the next time she has an interview, she’ll leave earlier. Allow enough time for bad things to happen. 
Kayla stood on the threshold, gazing up at him. Taut, a misty sheen shone in her brown, dejected eyes. Hell, he hoped this strained woman didn’t burst into tears right in front of him. He hated when women cried. The somber expression on her face made his heart twirl. 
I’d be a fool to hire you. Something in my mind tells me you’re all wrong for the job. 
Kayla shot him a twisted smile. “Thanks for the opportunity to come interview with you. Have a great day.” She sounded grim. 
“You, too.” 
After Kayla stepped outdoors onto the porch, Richmond shut the door behind her. 
Still trying to place where he’d seen Kayla’s face before, he entered his living room. Standing to the side of the wall next to the sofa placed beside a huge glass window, he drew back the sheers and secretly watched the pretty lady Kayla leave his home. 
With her back to him, Richmond’s eyes raked up and down Kayla’s lush backside. Dismounting the vertical steps of his steep porch, Kayla’s head hung between her sagging shoulders. Keeping her gaze toward the ground, she walked the long length of the driveway, making her way towards the road. 
I know I’ve seen you before. But where? When? 
Wracking his brain about where he’d seen her before, he kept his eyes trained on her perfectly proportioned backside. Small waist, her shapely, round butt made the thin fabric of her dress twitch. The long hair snarled down her back swayed in the bristling wind. 
When Kayla reached the end of his driveway, curving into a cul-de-sac, she rounded the gate and began walking along the brown fence situated in front of green, dense forestry. Did she walk here? he wondered, cracking his front door open. 
Footing past several acreages of empty land to her right, Kayla stopped walking when she came upon a red truck. She lifted her leg, kicked the bottom driver’s side door of the truck, then kicked the tire. She flung her arms up in the air, belatedly dropping her head on the hood. 
Dumbfounded, Richmond shoved his hand in his pocket, checking for his keys. Good, they were there. He flung open his front door, jogged down the porch stairs, and hopped in his ivory Range Rover with peanut butter leather seats. In a hurry to pick up Isabelle from her playdate with Sandella, and to find out what was wrong with Kayla’s truck, he backed the SUV out of the long driveway. 
Steering the Range Rover toward Kayla’s broken vehicle, he briefly wondered if he’d made a mistake by not hearing her out. By not giving her an opportunity to explain herself. Had he been a jerk? 
Clenching the steering wheel, Richmond slowed the truck once he reached Kayla. Apparently hearing the humming sounds emanating from the SUV’s engine, Kayla’s head slowly lifted from her hands as she stood slouched against the hood of the truck. Poor thing had a flat tire, he thought, suddenly feeling sorry for her. 
Guilt from not hearing her out threatened to build inside his heart. “Bad day, huh?”
Nibbling her bottom lip, Kayla threaded her fingers through the hair on top of her head. She fixated her gaze on the trees beyond his truck and nodded. Refocusing her eyes back on his face, she folded her arms across her firm breasts as her face went grim. 
“To say I was having a bad day would be an understatement.” She sniffed. “My son, CJ, made me late for the interview. While I was taking a shower, he decided he wanted to go play in the tree house in the back yard. It took me forever to find him. When I finally did find him, I started running and fell in the grass. Got all dirty. Then I got a freaking flat tire,” she held up a finger, “which made me even later for my interview. Yes!” She threw her hands up in the air and stomped her foot. “Yes! I’m having a shitty ass day, Mr. Richmond Spaulding!” Frowning, she fisted her hips. 
My God. She’s been through pure hell this morning. “Hop in.”
“Huh?”
“I said, hop in. I’m on my way to pick up my daughter, and you look like you could use a relaxing ride to get rid of the tension you’re feeling.”
Kayla shook her head. “Thanks, but I need to stay here and figure out how I’m going to get my tire fixed.”
“I’ll change your tire when I return from picking up my daughter, Isabelle, from her playdate. Come on, get in.”  
Kayla gave a half-smile. “Really? You’ll really change my tire for me?”
She thinks I’m a pompous jackass. Can’t blame her. “Yes, really.” The corner of Richmond’s lip hitched. “Now get in before you have me late picking up my daughter.” 
Kayla hastened to the passenger side of the car, flung open the door, and hopped in. Buckling her seat belt, her rich, brown irises twinkled against the sun streaming through the window. An unfamiliar swoop tugged at his heart. Suddenly, he felt like a complete jerk. 
Admiring Kayla’s striking beauty and unrelenting tenacity, Richmond gassed the SUV down Spaulding Drive, passing his resort-like equestrian to the left. Reaching the end of the long road named after his family, he halted when he reached the stop sign, then turned left. As he cruised down another long road, silence loomed inside the SUV. 
Where in the hell have I seen you before? 
Richmond brought the truck to a stop when he reached the traffic light at the end of the road. Across the street from the traffic light sat the Balfour Resort & Hotel, owned by one of his wealthy clients and good friend. Behind the tall, luxurious building, the glistening blue ocean stretched wide, edging along a pristine sandy beach. 
Waiting for the light to change, he pulled his gaze from the ocean, then transferred it to pretty Kayla. She looked tense. 
“I’m sorry you’re having a bad day,” he expressed, breaking the silence. 
Kayla’s eyes peered into his. Her sexy lips broke into a leisurely smile. 
Your brown, round squirrel eyes look familiar. 
“Thanks. I know you must think I’m a nutcase, especially considering this is your second time having to come to my rescue.” 
Second time? Huh? 
Holding her gaze, Richmond wracked his brain, trying to figure out what on God’s green Earth she meant by that comment. 
Kayla shook her head. “You don’t remember me, do you?” 
Her sensual voice stirred an emotion in him he couldn’t identify with. 
The light flashed green. Gripping the steering wheel, he pulled out onto Ocean Drive, making a left. “You look familiar, but I can’t place your face.” He stole a quick glance at Kayla, then looked back at the road. 
“I’m not surprised you don’t remember me, considering we met at the cemetery.” Glancing at him sideways, she placed her elbow up on the door of the car, then fisted her cheek. “The day of my grandfather’s funeral, I was too weak to walk. You jumped out of a limo, ran to my side, picked me up, and placed me in the back of a black Cadillac. Thanks for helping me…again.” 
Jesus Christ. A vivid image of him hefting a crying woman into his arms at the cemetery the day he buried his wife came crashing into Richmond’s mind. It’s her. Remembering that horrible, wet, raining day, the day he’d said goodbye to his loving wife, Salina, he shuddered inwardly. His mind steadily rewound back to that day. 
On that miserable, rainy day, while riding in the back seat of the limo with Isabelle, he’d spotted Kayla standing beneath a green tent, wearing a white dress. As she’d tried to walk across the mushy green grass, her shoulders had rocked violently and she’d stumbled. 
For a reason he never understood, he’d jumped out of the limo and rushed to her side. He’d hefted her in his arms, stalked across the cemetery, and eased her onto the back seat of a black Cadillac. Reliving the day as if it were yesterday, Richmond swallowed. 
Whoa. This is the woman I often wonder about. 
 “I remember you, Kayla.”  
Richmond shifted his weight in his seat and stole a good glance at Kayla. Capturing the sensual glow swooning in her eyes, an ambivalent feeling spread through his bones. On that stormy day, Kayla had beckoned him to her, just as she’d done a few moments ago. What the hell? Their meeting twice like this made no sense. None whatsoever. Should he reconsider interviewing her? No. Hell no. 
Richmond steered the SUV up to the local neighborhood park. Right as he cut the engine, his cell buzzed. He slid the phone from the clip attached to his hip. “Hello?”
“You got a moment?” private investigator Donald McQuade questioned.
“I’m in the process of picking up Isabelle from her playdate. What’s up?”
“Briefly,” Don cleared his throat, “I have some news regarding Salina’s death. If you have time, I need you to stop by my office later on this evening.” 
Richmond’s heart clenched. Gazing out the window, he spotted Isabelle at the top of the sliding board, about to slide down. His good friend’s wife, Sandella, stood at the foot of the sliding board with her daughter Logan by her side, waiting on Isabelle to do her thing. God, he loved his daughter Isabelle with all his heart and soul. Just as he had her mother, Salina. 
Don continued. “I think I may have a lead as to who killed Salina.”  
Trying to remain calm in front of Kayla as she sat looking out the window beside him, Richmond’s shoulders tensed. I’ve been praying for a lead involving Salina’s murder. “I’ll be there around six.”
“See you later.” Don ended the call.
What did Don find out? 
“I’ll be right back,” Richmond told Kayla, then shoved the door open. As he walked across the lawn of the playground and headed toward his pumpkin, his pulse pounded harshly at the base of his throat. Don has a lead in Salina’s murder investigation. 
“Daddy!” Isabelle ran up to her father, then hugged his left leg. 
Excited about seeing his baby girl, Richmond lifted her in his arms and held her to his chest. “Did you have fun with Mrs. Sandella and Logan?”
Smiling, Isabelle put the tip of her finger in her mouth and nodded. “Yes, Daddy. Mrs. Sandy pushed me on the swing, and she slid down the sliding board with me and Logan. She let me feed the birdies, too, Daddy.”
Holding one-year-old Logan on her hip, Sandella used her free hand to stroke Isabelle’s curly ponytail. “She had a blast, Richmond. Anytime you need help with Isabelle, please give me a call.”
Richmond grinned at baby Logan. “Hi there, little one,” he spoke to Sandella’s daughter. “Again, thank you, Sandella. I’m sorry to have imposed on you at the last minute. Hopefully, I’ll find someone to help me care for Isabelle very soon.”
Sandella shook her head. “Richmond, you didn’t impose on me. That’s one of the good things about being your own boss. You can leave work whenever you feel like it. Any good nanny prospects yet?”
“No.” 
Sandella’s eyes traveled to Richmond’s truck. “Who’s the woman in the car?”
The woman I helped at the cemetery. How ironic? “Oh her, she’s one of the candidates. She got a flat tire on her way to interview for the position, so I brought her here with me. I’m going to fix her tire when I get back home.”
Sandella nodded, then tossed her hair behind her shoulder. “I see. She’s very pretty. Are you going to hire her?”
Yes, she is pretty. “No.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t think she’d make a good fit for Isabelle. But hey, thanks again for watching my baby girl for me. I know you have to get back to the bakery, so I won’t keep you. Tell Braylon I said hi.”
Still holding Logan on her hip, Sandella gripped the handle of her daughter’s stroller. “I will. As soon as he gets some time off, I’m going to make a good home-cooked meal and invite you and Isabelle over for dinner. Feel free to bring a date if you’d like.”
Richmond chuckled. “I’ll be coming to dinner by myself. My dating days are way behind me. I’ll never find another woman like Salina. They don’t exist.” 
Smiling, Sandella waved a fingered. “Never say never.”
Richmond smiled in return. “Never.”
Sandella and Richmond parted ways. As Richmond headed back toward the truck with Isabelle perched in his arms, his mind reverted back to the private investigator he’d hired to find Salina’s killer. 
Thank God Don has a lead on who killed my wife. I’m going to wring the bastard’s neck for murdering Salina when I lay eyes on him. 






BACK AT HIS ESTATE, RICHMOND jabbed the key into the lock of his front door to unlock it. 
“Come in,” he welcomed Kayla, pushing open the heavy wooden door, then stepping to the side. 
“Thanks,” Kayla said, stepping over the threshold. 
Richmond’s gaze transferred from Kayla to Isabelle as she sat rocking in the chair on the porch. “Isabelle, darling, that’s enough playing in the rocking chair. It’s time for your lunch.”
Isabelle’s legs kicked back and forth as she sat rocking in the red chair on the porch. “But Daddy, please let me rock one more time.”
“No, Pumpkin. You’ve played enough for today.”
“But I didn’t get to play in the chair.”
Kayla smiled at the fine, gorgeous specimen standing close to her. Brown, smooth skin, chestnut brown eyes, and black hair cut close to his scalp, Richmond Spaulding made her sex clench. The tall, hot man had broad shoulders. A perfect pert nose. Dimples buried deep in both his cheeks, too. 
“If you’re okay with it, I’ll stay out here and watch her until she’s finished playing,” Kayla offered. 
The tight expression on his face relaxed. “You sure you don’t mind?”
“I’m positive,” Kayla admitted, still unable to get over how much Richmond looked like the guy named Russell in the photo her grandfather had hidden inside the picture frame. Could Richmond and Russell be related? No way, that’d be too big of a coincidence. Their meeting at the cemetery, and then again two years later, was already too big of a coincidence for her to believe. 
“Thanks.” Richmond came and stood in front of Isabelle. “Ms. Kayla is going to watch you while I change her tire. But after I’m done, you’re going to eat lunch and take a nap.”
Isabelle smiled, then nodded. “Okay, Daddy.”
At the sound of the front door closing, Kayla took a seat in the chair next to Isabelle. Inhaling the scent of peppery fall leaves while rocking, Kayla’s eyes traveled over the many acreages of land. Colorful fall leaves sporadically scattered over the grounds of the property. Thick, burly trees rooted deeply into the front yard. Dense, wooded forestry situated across the street and for many miles down the road. A stone white, Audi R8 convertible was parked right next to Richmond’s Range Rover. 
Releasing a sigh, Kayla looked sideways at Isabelle. 
Dear God, was Richmond at his wife’s funeral the day we first met? Is your mother deceased? No child should have to live without a mother. 
Kayla brought her wrists up to her eyes to spy the time on the clock. Jeez, she hated she’d had to bother her neighbor Betsie Mae about keeping CJ for her, especially considering she wasn’t even going to get the job. Talk about bad luck. She had the worst. 
“How come you so dirty?” Isabelle asked, breaking into Kayla’s thoughts.
Kayla smiled. “Well, because I fell.”
Isabelle stopped rocking. “Me, too.” She touched a scar on her knee. “That’s how come I got this. Did you get a boo-boo, too?” 
Ah, she’s too cute. “No. I didn’t.”
The front door cracked open, and Richmond emerged wearing a Nike T-shirt and a pair of sweatpants. He changed clothes. 
“Where are the keys to your car?” 
He extended his open hand to her. Kayla reached into her purse, pulled out her keys, and when she placed them in his big hand, their fingers touched. A spark of electricity zapped up the length of her arm, igniting her insides, tingling her nipples. The chemical reaction stemming from his magical touch made her mouth slightly part. 
“Something’s wrong?”
Kayla snapped her lips shut and shook her head. “No.”
“Daddy, can I go inside now? Can I please show Ms. Kayla my new doll house?”
“Ms. Kayla may not want to see your doll house, pumpkin.”
Don’t tell me what I’d like to see or not see, Mr. ‘can’t deal with late people’. “I’d love to see your doll house, Isabelle.”
Isabelle hopped out of the rocking chair. “Yes!”
He looked at her with amused wonder. “Well, if it’s okay with Kayla, then it’s fine with me. Make yourself at home. It shouldn’t take me too long to fix your tire.” 
Richmond clambered down the steep steps, walked down the long driveway, and headed down the street towards Kayla’s raggedy red truck. 
“Come this way.” Isabelle wrapped her tiny fingers around Kayla’s hand and led her inside the house. 
When Kayla entered the mansion, she felt as if she were seeing the breathtaking structure for the very first time. Comprised of tan marble floors, the spacious home had a huge living room and a breathtaking dining room, which was equipped with a long rectangular table and French chairs. The exquisite mansion looked like something you’d see in a Parade of Homes magazine. 
Leading the way, Isabelle walked up a flight of stairs to the second floor. Skipping along the plush carpet, she rounded into the second room on the right, and Kayla followed her. Isabelle’s room looked made for a little princess. A pastel pink color coated the walls. A small, sparkling chandelier hung over her white canopy bed, draped with sheer scarves. White, long drapery with pink circles covered the windows overlooking the marsh in the back yard. 
Isabelle stood proud in the center of the room, with her hands on her hips. “This is my room.” She pointed to the corner. “And that’s my doll house. My daddy bought me it for my birthday when I was a little girl. Want to play?” 
You’re still a little girl, Kayla thought, snickering inwardly. 
Isabelle picked up a tiny doll sporting a yellow dress, then sat Indian style on the floor. 
Isabelle is so precious. “Sure, Isabelle. I’d love to play with you.” Kayla flopped down to the floor in front of the doll house beside Isabelle. She hefted one of the tiny doll figurines in her hand. Using a squeaky voice, Kayla said to Isabelle’s doll, “May I have some lemonade, please?”
Isabelle burst into laughter. “He, he. He, he. You sound silly. Like a mouse. Do it again.”
Kayla put her fist on her hip. “What’s your doll’s name?” she asked in the squeaky mouse voice. 
“Gracie. What kind of lemonade do you want? Uh-oh.” Isabelle shrugged. She pointed to Kayla’s doll. “Her name is Keisha.”
Kayla made her doll march up to Isabelle’s doll. “Hi, Gracie. My name is Keisha, and I’d like some strawberry lemonade.”
“Okay. I’ll get you some. But only if you be my friend.” Isabelle hefted a tiny cup in her hand. 
“Of course I’m your friend. We’ll always be friends. You—”
Richmond entered the room with a big smile on his face. “I see you two are having fun.”
Loads. I’d love taking care of this wonderful child. If only I’d been on time. Kayla rose to her feet. “She’s such a precious little girl.”
“Daddy. I like Ms. Kayla. She’s fun. Can she be my nanny, Daddy? Please?” Isabelle begged. 
“I don’t know about that, Pumpkin.” Love shone in Richmond’s brown eyes as he looked down at his daughter while she continued playing on the floor. “I have some bad news.” 
“What?” Kayla didn’t like the sound of his voice. 
“Your spare tire isn’t any good. You need a new one. In fact, you need four new tires.” 
Dead broke, Kayla became upset. “Mr. Spaulding. I know—”
“Richmond. Call me Richmond.”
Four new tires. He’s just going to have to hire me, and that’s that. “Richmond. I know I was late for the interview. But I really need this job. Can’t you find it in your heart to at least give me an interview?”
Richmond’s gaze fell to Isabelle’s, then back up to Kayla’s face. Folding his arms across his thick, muscular chest, he strode over to the window and gazed out at the brown marsh nestled behind his home, which merged into a shimmering blue river. 
Breathing a deep breath, Richmond turned away from the breathtaking view and walked back over to where Kayla stood. Gazing into her eyes, his expression remained serious. 
One moment you look so warm, and the next so cold. 
He cleared his throat. “You’re hired.”
Kayla gasped. She covered her heart with her hand. Disbelieving of her ears, she put her hands in a prayer position over her lips. “Did you just say I’m hired?”
Richmond’s brown lips pulled into a sexy smile. Seeing his dimples, her nipples tingled. Gosh, he was so freaking good looking. 
“Yes, Kayla. You heard me right. I said you’re hired. That’s under three conditions, though.”
Just name it. I’ll do anything. Exhilaration jittered her belly. “What are the three conditions?”
“One—your references check out. Two—you officially start tomorrow. And three—I have an important business meeting this evening, so I need you to watch Isabelle for me until I get back.” 
Confusion jumbled Kayla’s thoughts. If she accepted this job, what on Earth was she going to do with CJ? Who was going to keep him while she watched Isabelle? Richmond didn’t seem like the type of man that’d allow her to tag her son along, like she’d initially planned on doing. No. He’d never go along with that. Not sure how she was going to handle the situation with CJ just yet, Kayla’s mouth curled upward into a smile. “Richmond, I can meet those requirements with no problem, and I gladly accept the job.”
Richmond clasped his hands together. “That’s great. If you can wait here a while, I’m going to check your references right now. If everything checks out fine, I’ll expect you to report to work tomorrow at 7 a.m. sharp. In the meanwhile, I’ll have my estate manager, Chelsey, to call a tow company and have four new tires put on your truck. Unless it’s a problem, the cost to do so will come out of your first paycheck.”
Kayla’s head shook profusely. “No. It’s no problem at all.” Yes! I got the job! I don’t have to depend on that jerk Carson all the time anymore. Thank you, Jesus. “I promise I won’t disappointment you, Richmond. I’m going to take great care of your daughter, Isabelle.”
Isabelle jumped to her feet. “You gon’ be my nanny?”
Richmond threw his head back on a chuckle. “Yes, Pumpkin. Kayla’s going to be your new nanny.”
“Yes!” Isabelle’s stomach growled. 
Remembering Richmond had stated it was Isabelle’s lunch time, Kayla crouched down in front of her. “Are you hungry, little one?”
Nodding her head, Isabelle rubbed circles on her belly. “Uh huh.”
Richmond put a finger to Isabelle’s chin and tilted her head back. “Isabelle, what did Daddy tell you about your manners? How do you respond to adults?”
Isabelle glanced at Kayla. “She’s a girl, so I say,” she looked back at her father, “yes, ma’am.” 
“That’s correct.” Richmond patted her shoulder. “I have some important phone calls to make, so I need you to show Kayla where the kitchen is so she can make you a sandwich.”
Isabelle said, “Okay.”
Kayla cupped Isabelle’s small hand and began heading out of the room. “Come on. Show me where the kitchen is so I can fix you some lunch.” 
When she reached the doorway, Richmond stated, “Oh yeah. Kayla.” She paused in her tracks and glanced back over her shoulder at him. “There’s one more thing I forgot to tell you.” 
“What’s that?”
“No one is allowed in my deceased wife’s bedroom. She was murdered inside her bedroom, so the door must remain closed at all times.”
Murdered! Kayla’s heart dropped.  






DON SAT BEHIND THE CHERRY wooden desk of his office, inside his private investigator firm. Seemingly pensive, he peered over the square frames of his black glasses at Richmond. Round, chubby jaws, double chin, scraggly brown hair, Don appeared on edge. 
“You’re not going to like this.” Steepling his fingers, his lips set in a straight line and he leaned forward. 
Sitting in the leather chair across from Don’s desk, Richmond crossed his legs at the knees. “Nothing you can say will surprise me, Don. Tell me, what have you found pertaining to Salina’s death?” Never in a million years did I think I’d have to hire a private investigator to find my wife’s killer. Damn police, ain’t worth a dime. A freaking nickel. Hell, they ain’t worth a penny. 
Wariness developed in Don’s eyes. “Salina bought a prepaid cell phone ten weeks before her death.”
Shocked, Richmond uncrossed his legs and leaned forward. Putting his elbows up on his knees, he clasped his fingers. “She could barely walk. Are you sure about this, Don?”
“Positive. Take a look for yourself.” Don turned his desktop computer adjacent toward Richmond. Cupping the mouse, he dragged the cursor over the screen and clicked the play button on the video. 
Richmond’s eyes zoned in on the screen as he carefully studied Salina’s activity unfolding before him. 
Salina steered her silver 5 Series BMW into the vacant parking lot at a store fifteen miles from their home and exited the car. Gripping the handle of her cane, looking pale and frail, she staggered across the pavement toward the front of the store. 
Struggling to walk and bent over, her spine hunched, her legs wobbled. Wind tousled the ends of her hair upward. God, she was so beautiful, even while sick. When she touched the door handle, a young teenage kid burst outdoors from the store, knocking her to the ground. Treating her as an invalid, the dumb kid kept going; never once did he look back or try to help Salina. 
Using what little strength she had, Salina pushed herself into a standing position and entered the store. She went over to the section where the prepaid cells were and grabbed one. After she handed the cashier cash, she got in her car and left. 
“Whew.” Blown away, Richmond settled back into the chair. “Why on Earth would Salina need a prepaid cell? She had a cell phone she never used.” Was she having an affair?
Don scratched his head. “I hate making assumptions, but every fiber in my being tells me Salina knew her killer, and she purchased the prepaid cell to contact him. That’ll explain why the police didn’t find any evidence of breaking and entering. Whoever the man was that killed your wife, I suspect Salina knew him, and she let him inside the house the night she was murdered.”
Betrayal sliced Richmond’s heart in half. Imagining the unbearable, his throat went dry. His deceased wife had gone through grave measures to get the prepaid cell. To keep it hidden from him. Her actions all pointed to one thing—Salina was having an affair. But for how long? Years? Months? Richmond cursed. He banged his fist into the armrest. 
Pain rushed to his temples. Disgusted, he hopped to his feet. Pacing the floor back and forth, he slid his hands deep into his pockets. He stopped in his tracks. “Who was she calling?”
Don shrugged. “Now that, I don’t know yet.”
Richmond flattened his palms on Don’s desk, leaned into him, and clenched his teeth. “Find. Him. When you do, don’t tell a soul but me.”
Don scooted back his chair and stood to meet Richmond’s glare. “What do you plan on doing to him once I find him?”
Kill him. “Let me worry about that.” Richmond turned on his heels and walked out Don’s office, feeling drained. Like shit. Like his entire marriage had been a fucking lie. He thought he and Salina didn’t keep secrets. Thought they told each other everything. Well, at least he’d practiced honesty and had shared everything with her. Too bad she didn’t respect him enough to do the same thing as him. 
As Richmond stood in front of the elevator waiting for the ride, disappointment about his marriage to Salina made his heart bleed. Made the pumping organ hurt like hell. Twisting his lips, despair engulfed him. Threatened to make him cry. But crying, now that he wasn’t going to do. Real men didn’t cry. 
Flinching, he eased his hands inside his pockets. 
Salina, how could you keep a secret from me? You betrayed me. 
The elevators slid open, and a somber Richmond stepped inside. If she was having an affair, it had to be way before the illness disabled her physically. Resting his head on the wall, the elevator doors slid closed. 


PEPPERY CHICKEN AROMAS ASSAILED RICHMOND’S nostrils as soon as he’d stepped foot inside his home. Closing the garage door behind himself, he entered the kitchen to find Kayla standing over the stove. Stirring a spoon inside a big pot, Kayla glanced back over her shoulder at him. When her sexy mouth pulled into an endearing smile, the tension he’d been feeling since leaving Don’s office tempted to subside. To momentarily fade from his troubled spirit. 
Kayla’s eyes were compelling and magnetic as she said, “You’re just in time for dinner. Hope you’re hungry.” Her lips. Her soft looking lips eased into a sensual smile. 
He gave her sexy figure a raking gaze, then asked, “Where’s Isabelle?”
“I’m in here, Daddy.” Isabelle burst from out of the kitchen pantry. “Kayla spread a blanket on the floor inside the closet. Do you want to come see my grocery store?”
Something that Don said about Salina clicked in Richmond’s mind. Disturbed, he pulled the chair from beneath the dinette table and sat. “Not right now, Pumpkin. Maybe later.” 
Isabelle walked over to her father, held out her hands, and he knew exactly what she wanted—for him to hold her. He lifted his little angel to his lap, then looked at Kayla. 
“Your car is ready to be picked up. My helper, Jason, will take you to get your car.”
“Okay. Thanks again for putting the tires on my car.”
“You’re welcome.” 
Laying her head on his chest, Isabelle gazed up at her father. “What’s wrong, Daddy? You sad?” Sensing his mood, she poked her bottom lip out. 
I think your mother was having an affair. Maybe it was an emotional affair, not a sexual affair. Either one is wrong. “Nothing’s wrong. I’m just tired.”
Isabelle’s light brown eyes spread wide. “Well, go to bed.”
Richmond pinched her chin. “I will. Right after I eat dinner and get you your bath. You didn’t have to cook dinner, Kayla. Your actual duties don’t start until tomorrow.”
“I don’t mind. Isabelle was hungry, and since I didn’t know when you’d be back, I threw together some chicken, vegetables, and noodles. Made some chicken noodle soup.”  
Thinking about Salina getting a prepaid cell, humiliation filled him. “It smells delicious.”
She smiled tentatively. “Thanks. Isabelle, can you go wash your hands for me so you can eat dinner?” Isabelle climbed down off her father’s lap and ran toward the guest bathroom across from the den. “No running inside the house, Isabelle.”
Kayla spooned a heaping of the soup into two bowls. Carrying the two bowls, she lowered one in front of Richmond, and the other in front of Isabelle’s seat. 
“The princess of the house told me this is her seat.” 
“Yes, that’s where she sits.” He eyed the seat beside Isabelle’s. Daydreaming, an image of his wife Salina sitting in the chair across from where he sat came into his mind’s view. They were the perfect family. Well, at least he’d thought so. Now, he wasn’t so sure.  
“Is everything okay, Richmond? You seem bothered by something.” Kayla’s soft voice cut into his thoughts. 
I’m bothered, all right. My wife allowed a killer to enter our lives, and I have no clue who he is. 
He hefted the spoon covered with chunks of chicken and vegetables to his lips. “As I said earlier, I’m fine. You can leave now,” he snapped. He spooned the chicken noodle soup into his mouth. The warm, well-seasoned broth glided down his throat as he chewed. Pretty good. 
Towering over him, raw emotion shone in Kayla’s pupils. “I’m sorry for prying. I’ll wait outside on the porch for Jason. Have a good day.” Kayla turned, walked over to the counter, and strapped her purse across her shoulder. 
Damn, I’m taking my frustration out on her. 
Richmond swiped the napkin over his face, stood, and stalked over to Kayla as she stood by the sink. He’d been so pissed at Salina until he didn’t even notice she’d cleaned the dirt from her face, had brushed the kinks from her straight hair and now had it in a low, long ponytail. Had applied a glossy sheen to her lips. 
I wonder if she’s single. “Please accept my apology for snapping at you.”
“It’s okay.” Staring into his eyes, she cupped the ball of his shoulder. 
A streak of energy zapped at his insides. It’s been forever since I’ve felt a woman’s hand on me. Made love to a woman. It’s going to stay that way. 
Letting go of his shoulder, her hand dropped to her side. “If you ever need a listening ear, just know I’m a good listener.”
Hurt beyond measure, Richmond nodded. “Thanks, Kayla.”
“No, thank you for this wonderful opportunity, and for getting the tires for my car. How long will it be before Jason—”
“Did I hear my name?” Jason emerged inside the kitchen from the living room’s entrance. 
Richmond made the introductions. “Kayla, this is Jason. Jason, meet Kayla.” 
Jason extended his hand to Kayla, and she shook it. A bright light lit up his blue eyes as he looked into Kayla’s face. Apparent attraction for her beamed on his white, tanned face, causing Richmond to feel discomfort. 
“I met you earlier today when you were looking for Richmond’s estate.” Jason smiled. 
Kayla tilted her head. “Yes. I remember you. You were riding the horse.”
“Well, I’m ready when you are,” Jason stated.
Richmond cringed at Jason’s obvious lust for Kayla. “Thanks for doing me the favor, Jason. You’re in good hands, Kayla.”
“I’m sure. I know you said it before, but what time should I report to work tomorrow?”
“No later than seven-thirty. I have to be to the equestrian by eight.”
Richmond stood in the doorway, watching Kayla and Jason as they left. “Daddy, is this my food?!” Isabelle yelled from inside the kitchen. 
“Yes, Pumpkin!” Richmond exclaimed, unable to tear his gaze from the outdoor occurrences involving Kayla. 
Standing next to the driver’s side door of his bright yellow Camaro, Jason glanced over the roof of the car at Kayla. Bedazzling him with a curt smile, she hooked her palm under the passenger side door and slid in. As Jason backed his sports car out of the driveway, many emotions brewed inside Richmond. Closing the door, he hoped like hell that Jason wouldn’t make a hot move on fine ass Kayla. 








“WHY IN THE WORLD DIDN’T I ask Richmond if I could bring CJ to work with me?” Kayla spoke out loud to herself, standing inside CJ’s cluttered room, overflowing with trucks, books, and toys.
“I don’t know why,” CJ said on a shrug.
Snickering, she hadn’t meant for CJ to answer her. “You’re too funny, little fella.” Hefting him from the mattress into her arms, she kissed his forehead and walked to the bathroom to give him a bath. “You almost caused Mommy to not get a job today. The next time you want to go outside, you need to get permission, okay?” 
CJ nodded. “Okay, Mommy.” 
She lowered CJ to the floor next to the tub and turned the nozzle. Water poured from the sprout and began filling the tub. Crouching beside the tub in front of CJ, wild, lusty thoughts of Richmond entered her mind. She could still feel the warm grip of his firm handshake, causing tingles to now spiral through her system. 
Broad shoulders, rock solid chest, and pert nose, Richmond’s body had looked solid, and oh so masculine. Dashing brown eyes, black hair cut close to his scalp, every time his sexy mouth had moved today, her labia had fluttered between her legs. Her nipples had tingled. Butterflies had twirled her stomach like a high school aged girl. No man, not even her ex-husband Carson, had ever made her feel so hot and bothered while in his presence like that. 
Imagining Richmond trailing a finger over her lips, Kayla closed her eyes and let her mind drift to Richmond. 
I bet he makes good, good loving. Bet he’s tender and gentle when he makes love to a woman. Takes his time sucking sweetly on her breasts. He probably flicks her clitoris with the tip of his tongue, like a soft caress.
“Wake up, Mommy.” CJ shook her shoulder. 
Kayla’s eyes sprang wide open. I can’t get my boss off my mind. Ooo, Lordy. Aroused, she turned off the faucet and stood. The doorbell rang. I wonder who that could be. “Take off your clothes, CJ, and get in the tub.” 
Wearing her light pink lounge shirt with matching bottoms, Kayla walked barefoot through the living room and headed toward the front door. Wondering who in the world would be visiting her so late in the evening, she placed an eye over the peephole. 
What is he doing here? How does he know where I stay? 
Blue-eyed Jason stood on her front porch, wearing a red checkered shirt and navy denim jeans. 
“Who is it?” she asked, wondering why on Earth Richmond’s employee would be coming to her home this time of night. 
“It’s me, Jason. You accidentally left your cell phone in my car when I took you to pick up your car earlier.” Apprehensive, Kayla cracked open the door. Standing tall on the other side of the screen door, Jason held her cell up to his chest level, his mouth easing into a grin. “Hope it was okay to stop by without calling. But if you’re anything like me, you feel lost without your cell.” A buzzing wasp flew in circles around the porch light in the ceiling. 
This could’ve waited until tomorrow, Kayla thought, pushing open the creaking screen door. 
Just as she reached for the phone, a loud wail resounded throughout her home. She gasped and took off running for CJ’s room. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” Scurrying down the hallway, CJ’s boisterous screams caused Kayla’s heart to thunder like a bad storm inside her beating chest. 
Alarmed, she ran inside the bathroom to find CJ lying on the floor, writhing in pain, gripping his arm. The radius bone in his arm pushed hard against his red, bruised skin, looking broken. Ohmygod. Ohmygod.
 “What happened, CJ?” Gathering him in her arms, tears slowly made their way down her cheeks. 
“Whaaa! Whaaa!” CJ’s feet kicked wildly on the tile floor. 
Jason rushed inside the bathroom, dropped down next to CJ, and examined his arm. “I think he fractured his arm. Did you jump or fall?” Crying, CJ nodded. “We need to get him to the emergency room.” Jason hefted CJ in his arms and hustled outside, with Kayla running behind him. 
Fifteen minutes later, Jason sped his Camaro up to Hilton Head Regional emergency room. He threw the gear in park, hopped out of the car, and jogged around the rear of the vehicle. 
Kayla sat in the back seat, cuddling CJ to her chest, crying her eyes out. “It’s going to be okay, CJ.”
CJ’s brown face had turned a dark crimson. “It hurt,” he cried.
Kayla rocked her son. “I know. Mommy knows it hurt. The doctor will give you some medicine to make it feel better.”
Jason flung open the back door, hefted CJ from her arms, and hastened inside the emergency room up to the registration circulation desk. CJ’s boisterous screams infiltrated the spacious area packed with sick patients. 
“Come this way,” the nurse said, leading them through a set of double doors, down a long hallway, then into an empty room. Jason lowered a wailing CJ to the hospital bed. “The doctor will be with you shortly.”
Kayla climbed on top of the hospital bed next to CJ to hold him. “Shortly. How long?”
The nurse tilted her head. “Someone just had a heart attack. But it shouldn’t be too long. I’ll be right back with some ice and pain medicine.”
Guilt spread through Kayla’s bones as she sat on the bed, holding her sobbing son. She should’ve never left him alone. “This is my fault.” 
“No, Kayla. This is my fault. I should’ve never showed up to your house so late in the evening, especially without calling first.” Jason sat on the other side of CJ, draped an arm around her shoulder, and squeezed. “I’m going to somehow, some way make this up to you and CJ. Best believe it.” 
Holding her as if he’d known her his entire life, Jason lay his head on top of Kayla’s. Discomfort rose in the pit of her stomach and roiled. 
Putting his head on mine like he’s known me his entire life, something about him makes me so uncomfortable. 


DEWY WHITE FOG SWIRLED OVER the herbaceous plants of the marsh behind Richmond’s home. Birds flapped their wings overhead, flying past the estate. The early morning sun nestled behind an ancient oak slowly rose, its rays bouncing off wet leaves as they dangled from curved branches. 
Promptly at seven-fifteen, Kayla stood on Richmond’s front porch, with CJ perched on her hip. 
“Make sure you smile when you meet Mr. Spaulding. Okay?” 
CJ nodded. 
Oh God, here goes, she thought, pressing the doorbell. 
Short seconds later, the front door cracked open. One look at handsome Richmond, and Kayla’s heart squeezed. Her belly fluttered. Suppressing the hot, robust sigh at the back of her throat, Richmond glanced at CJ, then back at her. 
“Good…morning.” Looking just like the guy named Russell in the photo she’d accidentally stumbled upon at her house, Richmond’s deep, throaty voice rolled over her, stirred her female senses. 
On the verge of tingling while stressed, she offered him a nervous smile. “Good morning. This is my son, CJ. He broke his arm last night, and I had to take him to the hospital. If it’s okay with you, may I please bring him to work with me today?” And tomorrow? And the next day? And the day after that? 
His voice was resigned as he said, “Why, this has completely caught me off guard. Ummm. Come in.” Richmond stepped to the side, letting her pass him by. As she crossed over the threshold, his ember fragrance sailed up her nose, enticing her. 
Kayla entered the living room and sat CJ on the sofa. “I can understand if you’re not comfortable with me bringing my son to work with me.” Pressure built inside her head as she awaited his answer. Stone-faced, his eyes flashed a familiar display of impatience. “Richmond, I’m sorry, but I failed to tell you if I accepted this job, then I’ll have to bring my son to work with me for a while. I’m in a jam. I can’t afford daycare; however, if you let me bring CJ to work with me, I promise not to neglect Isabelle while he’s here. I can ensure you she’ll get the best care possible.” Please say yes. 
Richmond’s brows hiked. He curled his finger over his mustache. “Why can’t you afford daycare? Don’t you get child support for the kid?”
“Sometimes.”
Bestowing her with a concerned look, his brows furrowed. “Sometimes.”
Tearing her gaze from CJ, her eyes moved upward along his broad chest to his gorgeous face. “His father only pays child support when he feels like it. Some months I get money, some months I don’t get a single dime. Or a single penny.” I know he thinks I’m a big dummy for letting Carson treat CJ and me this way. 
“Kayla, please excuse my frankness, but nothing irks me more than a sorry ass man.” His eyes traveled to CJ. “I don’t know what happened between you and your ex, but I do know that your son shouldn’t have to suffer because of it. His father should be taking care of him on a regular basis, not whenever he feels like it.”
“I agree. Thanks.”
“I tell you what…you can bring CJ to work with you as long as you ensure his being here doesn’t take away from Isabelle’s learning.”
Kayla’s heart rejoiced. She smiled so hard until her face hurt. “I promise CJ’s being here will not interfere with what you want for Isabelle. Thank you so much, Richmond.”
Richmond smiled in return. “You’re quite welcome. Isabelle is still sleeping. Her daily schedule is on the counter. Please don’t deter from it without my permission. Today, she has a ballet lesson at noon. Shortly thereafter, she has horseback riding lessons at the equestrian. Jason is her instructor.” Ohgodno. Not his creepy behind. “If you have any questions, please feel free to call me on my cell. Plug the emergency numbers written on the blackboard inside the kitchen into your cell.” 
“Okay, I will.” 
Speaking of cell phone, if Jason hadn’t showed up at her home after nine last night to drop off her cell phone, she wouldn’t have left CJ alone inside the bathroom, and he wouldn’t have jumped off the toilet and injured his arm. Guilt stirred up inside her when she looked at the blue cast on CJ’s arm. 
Then again, who was she kidding? CJ was a boy, and he could be hardheaded at times. Instead of blaming Jason, she needed to learn how to better discipline CJ. Being that this was her first child, she was still learning in the whole discipline area. 
Jason is not at fault for what happened to CJ. I should be grateful he thought enough to bring me my phone. But looking up my address on the Internet creeps me out. The look in Jason’s eyes when he looks at me petrifies me. 
Richmond glanced at the watch on his wrist. “I’ll be leaving shortly. Make yourself at home.” His voice deepened as he reminded her, “Remember…Salina’s room is off limits. No one but me is allowed in her room.” When he spoke of Salina’s room, his eyes were full of remorse. 
Her room?  “I understand. Have a great day.” 
“I will. You, too, Kayla.” 
Kayla lifted CJ in her arms, and as she clambered up the stairs to the second floor, she felt the heat of Richmond’s gaze burning a hole in her backside. Mounting the staircase with CJ on her hip, Kayla’s gaze fell to the first floor to catch him staring up at her, just like she’d suspected. Thrusting his hands in his pants pockets, his burning eyes made her breath still before he turned and stalked away. 
Working for a stallion like Richmond wasn’t going to be easy. She reached the top of the staircase, walked the short distance of the hallway to her left, and quietly entered Isabelle’s bedroom. 
Walking over to Isabelle’s white canopy bed as she slept like a beautiful princess, a warm feeling enveloped Kayla. Thankful Richmond had agreed to let her bring CJ to work with her every day, she lowered him to the foot of the bed. 
“Isabelle,” her name eased out of Kayla’s mouth like a sweet caress. In an effort to awaken the darling little girl, she gently shook her shoulder. “Wake up, sweetie. It’s time to start your day.” 
Lying on her side, clenching the linen to her chin, Isabelle yawned. Her eyes slowly peeled open. As if trying to adjust her vision, she blinked repeatedly, then gave Kayla a peculiar stare. Kayla caressed her spine, trying to stimulate the cute little child. 
“Good morning.”
“Good morning.” 
Isabelle rubbed her eyeballs with her knuckles. She sat upright in bed, turned her legs sideways. Kayla grabbed her small hand, gestured her toward the bathroom. It didn’t take too long for Isabelle to use the restroom, brush her teeth, and wash her face. 
Knowing they had a busy schedule today, Kayla quickly applied moisturizer to Isabelle’s face, brushed her long, curly hair into a high ponytail, and after she dressed her, she introduced her to CJ. For long moments, the two kids stood inside Isabelle’s bedroom, staring at one another, when finally Kayla grabbed their hands and took them downstairs. 
“Daddy. You’re still here.” Isabelle entered the kitchen and hurried over to her father as he sat at the table reading the newspaper. 
Kayla’s pulse perked at the mere sight of him. I thought he’d left. 
Peeping at Isabelle over the edge of the newspaper, Richmond looked at Kayla, then down at short CJ, then back at Isabelle. “You didn’t think I’d leave without saying goodbye, Pumpkin, did you?” He pecked her cheek. 
“No,” Isabelle quipped. “Kayla brought me a friend to play with, Daddy. His name is CJ.” 
Richmond smiled. “That was very nice of Kayla, wasn’t it?”
Isabelle twisted the top of her shirt in her hand. “Uh huh.”
Richmond’s nearness tantalized Kayla’s being. The magnetic attraction she had to this handsome man was undeniable. 
“Isabelle, take your place at the table while I fix your breakfast, sweetie.”  Doing as she was told, Isabelle rounded her father’s chair and took her seat. 
When Kayla sat CJ in the chair across from Richmond, she noticed him grimace. Hard lines crinkled near his eyes. Uh oh. Assuming that may be Salina’s old seat, she moved CJ to the chair closer to Isabelle. This is going to be quite an adjustment. 
“Why did you move CJ?” Richmond asked bluntly.
“Because his sitting there seemed to have upset you.”
“Did I say it upset me?” It was obvious to her that he had clear, observant eyes.
Hoping she didn’t upset him, she shook her head. “No.”
“Then why’d you assume?”
“Because of the expression your face made.” Turning her back to him, Kayla walked over to the counter, lulled open the cabinet, and pulled down a container of apple cinnamon oatmeal.
Standing with her back to him, she heard the legs scrape the floor when Richmond scooted the chair back. “I was that apparent, huh?”
“Yes.” She poured the oatmeal grains into the heating pot, added three cups of water, and stirred. 
Richmond came to stand beside her. His cologne smells so good. 
“Just so you know…” She transferred her gaze from the pot to his face. His eyes bore into her, drugged her. Made her knees weak. Caused her insides to quiver. He continued. “CJ can sit anywhere he wants to. So can you. As I stated before, my wife was murdered inside her bedroom. Her case is still open, so until the police find her killer, I want the door to stay closed.”
“Do you sleep in there?”
“No. I sleep in the guest bedroom right off the den. Haven’t slept in my bed since the day she died.”
“I’m so sorry to hear about your wife’s murder.”
Gloom spread across Richmond’s face. “Me, too, Kayla. Me, too.” 
Stalking toward the back garage door, a blank manifestation washed over Richmond’s face. Without uttering another word, he pulled open the door and exited. 
A deep breath expelled from Kayla’s lungs as a cold chill ran up her spine. Seeing how deeply Richmond still loved his wife, she knew she needed to stop lusting for him. Even if he wasn’t grieving, or madly in love with a dead woman, he wouldn’t want her. Not only was she divorced, but she had a son. She had too much baggage. A wealthy millionaire like Richmond Spaulding could have any woman he wanted, and he definitely wouldn’t want one with drama. 
Kayla’s cell buzzed against her hip. Spooning the hot oatmeal into a bowl, she slid the cell from its clip and answered without spying the Caller ID. “Hello?”
“Why in the hell did you keep blowing up my damn phone last night?” Carson’s cold tone punctuated her eardrums. 
“Because,” she sat the children’s porridge in front of them, “wait ‘til it cools off some,” she advised Isabelle and CJ. 
“I’m listening,” Carson barked. 
The last thing Kayla wanted was to get into an argument in front of the children, so she left the kitchen and walked into the den. “I called you to let you know that CJ got into an accident last night.”
Carson’s sigh sounded as if he was irritated. “Well, is he okay?”
“Yes. He’s fine now.”
“What happened?”
“He jumped off the toilet and broke his arm.”
An irritating groan came through the line. “How’d that happen? Weren’t you watching him? He’s a boy…you shouldn’t have taken your eyes off him, not even for one second.” 
She shriveled at his condescending tone. “Don’t you think I know that, Carson?”
“I don’t know; you tell me.”
“Look. I just called you to let you know he’d hurt himself and to ask you if you could pay your child support on time this month, or maybe pay a little extra to help pay for the hospital bill.”
“Hell no! It ain’t my fault you decided to do whatever and not keep an eye out on him. Maybe you’ll learn something from this and think before you act next time.”
Kayla’s temper flared. Rolling her eyes, she switched the cell to her other ear. “Carson. Are you serious? I was watching him.” Not really, but he doesn’t have to know. “Accidents happen. I bend over backwards to work with you and let you pay child support whenever you can. Even when you do pay, it’s not that much. You should be thankful. Please don’t make me take you to court.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Do what you have to do.” 
Click! 
“Hello? Hello?” Kayla held her cell out in front of her eyes. That selfish, no-good dog had hung up in her face. Uuugh. How’d she ever gotten involved with such an inconsiderate jerk was beyond her comprehension. As soon as she saved up some money, she was going to hire a good attorney and take Carson Terrell Crawford to court. If it weren’t for CJ, she’d change her last name back to Van Buren. 
Fuming, Kayla turned on the soles of her shoes and collided into a hard body. Startled, she gasped. Gazing into Jason’s penetrating blue eyes, fright coursed through her veins. 
He clutched her arms, dipped his head, and let his robust eyes roam freely over her surprised face. Light tremors spread through Kayla’s bones. 
“Good morning. Why are you shaking?” His breath smelled like caramel coffee. 
Because you scared the living crap out of me! Tempted to knee him in the balls, Kayla suppressed her frustration and just smiled. “Good morning, Jason.” 







RICHMOND SAT INSIDE HIS OFFICE located on the second floor of Spaulding Equestrian Center, gazing out the window. Burly forest trees rooted behind the fifty-four acre facility. Equipped with specialty boarding for horses, the equestrian also offered elite club membership, horses for sale, event bookings, horse performance training, and riding lessons. In the fall, kids loved coming to his annual Fall Festival to ride the ponies, play carnival games, eat corn dogs and candy apples, and just have a grand old time. 
Pushing thoughts of this year’s festival out of his brain, Richmond’s mind shifted to Salina. Already, the knots were forming in his shoulders. Putting his hands behind his head, he declined in his navy leather chair. 
He couldn’t afford to let Salina’s betrayal destroy him, make him into a man he wouldn’t recognize. Maybe he was looking at Salina’s secret all wrong. Perhaps she had a good reason to get the prepaid cell. Damn, no matter how many different ways he looked at the situation, his dead wife’s behavior didn’t add up. Didn’t make sense. Regardless of why she’d gotten the prepaid cell, his embarrassment had turned to raw fury. 
Suddenly, Kayla, CJ, Isabelle, and Jason rounded the side of the building and headed toward the horse trails. Pushing CJ in a stroller, Kayla’s gaze traveled over the wide lands as Isabelle walked by her side to the left. 
Remembering how fresh Kayla had smelled earlier this morning, Richmond’s shaft threatened to harden. She’d smelled like fresh coconut while standing inside his living room, like she’d sprayed herself with an expensive body splash. 
Admiring Kayla’s beauty from afar, Richmond stood and closed the blinds on the window. The last thing he needed was for her to spot him looking at her. She might get the wrong idea. 
Desiring to continue glimpsing at the pretty lady, he stuck two fingers between the slits in the blinds and scissored them open. With the rhythm of his heartbeat pounding harder, he zoned his eyes on Kayla’s luscious body. Nice figure. Very. Nice. Figure. 
Strolling across the lawn, a pair of blue jeans stretched deliciously over Kayla’s curvaceous buttocks. Her small waist flared into agile hips. Bosoms, somewhere around a C-cup, perched perfectly on her chest. Admiring her undeniable breathtaking beauty, Richmond’s tool throbbed. 
That woman does something to me. Something I can’t even put into words. Makes me feel things I don’t want to. 
Right when Jason pushed open the white fence leading to the horse trails, Kayla turned and glanced up at the back of the building. Long brunette hair grazed her shoulders. Her face spread into a warm smile, caressing his insides like a warm blanket wrapped around cold flesh. What the hell is going on with me? His balls tingled inside his pants. 
Thoroughly understanding it’d be a cold day in hell before he got seriously involved with a beautiful woman again, he plopped down in his chair, then swiveled it to face forward. He didn’t need a woman to fulfill him. The only girl he needed was his daughter Isabelle. His precious Pumpkin. 
Making a hard effort to squeeze sensual thoughts of Kayla from his mind, he cupped the mouse to his laptop and clicked on the screen. He dragged the cursor to his outlook calendar to peruse the upcoming events scheduled to take place at the Equestrian. There was a birthday party to take place at the Equestrian this Saturday. The carnival was scheduled eight weeks from now. Millionaire Jefferson Spelling wanted to meet in two weeks about selling his black stallion, Velvet. So many things to do, with so little time. 
Richmond hefted the phone to call his estate and office manager, Chelsey, but before he could dial her, she just happened to enter his office. He dropped the phone on the receiver. 
“I was just about to call you.”
Chelsey entered his office wearing black jeans and a white collared shirt. “What do you need, Boss?” 
“I just wanted to remind you about Saturday’s birthday party. Are you still able to work this weekend?”
Chelsey nodded. “Yes. I am. What about Kayla?”
“What about her?”
“Will she be working Saturday, too?”
“No. It’s her day off.”
Relief radiated in Chelsey’s green eyes. “Good.”
“Chelsey, do you have a problem or concern with Kayla that I need to be made privy to?”
Although her head was shaking no, her eyes were saying yes. “No.”
Richmond’s brows lifted. “Are you sure?”
“Positive.” 
“Considering I’ve been thinking about asking Kayla to move in so she can provide around-the-clock care for Isabelle, I’m glad you don’t have a problem with her.”
Chelsey’s eyes rounded with anxiety. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
“Why not?”
Chelsey swallowed. “Because Isabelle needs to get to know Kayla first. And also, I know how women can be sometimes. Offer them to move in, and the next thing you know, they’ll be thinking you want to marry them.”
Richmond chuckled. “I know how women can be sometimes, too; however, my intuition tells me that Kayla Crawford is not one of those women.”
Light laughter released from her thin lips. “For your sake, I hope not. She’s—”
Zeke, Richmond’s best friend, entered his office with a big smile plastered on his white face. “Well, well, well, if it ain’t Chelsey Valentine.” 
One look at Zeke, and Chelsey’s face split into a grin. “Hi, Zeke. Long time, no see.”
Zeke’s eyes clung to Chelsey’s face. “Now ain’t that the truth. It’s been too long since I’ve dropped by the Equestrian.” His eyes left Chelsey and swung over to Richmond. 
Richmond rounded the corner of his desk, met Zeke in the center of his office, then threw his arms about his best friend’s shoulders. “It’s good to see you, man,” Richmond said, clapping Zeke’s back. “What brings you by today?”
The two men released each other. Zeke stated, “Oh, just in the neighborhood and thought I’d come by and see how you were doing.”
“That’ll be all, Chelsey,” Richmond declared, realizing how smitten Chelsey was with Zeke. 
After Chelsey walked out of the room, Richmond and Zeke did a lot of catching up on each other’s lives. In his heart of hearts, he knew he could confide in Zeke, and if needed, he could also confide in his good friend Braylon. Those two men were like brothers to him.
Richmond closed the door, then plopped down on the seat next to Zeke. 
“So how have you really been?” Zeke asked, resting his arm on the curb of the couch. 
“Actually, pretty good under the circumstances.”
“What circumstances?”
Richmond blew out a deep breath. “Spoke with Don the other day.”
Zeke snapped his fingers, as if trying to jog his memory. “Don is the private investigator investigating Salina’s death, right?” 
“Yeah.” Richmond pinched the bridge of his nose. “He devastated me with some interesting news. Don informed me Salina had purchased a prepaid cell phone, and I never knew.” He cursed inside his head. “I thought the two of us shared everything.”
Zeke shrugged. “Maybe she got it to contact an old college friend. It could be she wanted to talk with someone she knew you’d disapprove of.”
As he spoke about Salina’s secret, he retained his affability, but there was a distinct hardening in his heart. “No. That’s not it. I liked all her friends, and all her family.”
Zeke’s eyes surveyed Richmond’s face. “Well, do you suspect why she’d do such a thing?”
“No,” Richmond lied. It’d be a cold day in hell before he indulged his suspicions about Salina having an affair to anyone. Other than Don, he didn’t dare let the word ‘affair’ utter from his mouth. Whether it was an emotional affair or at some point had been a sexual affair, the mere fact that Salina may have been carrying on behind his back was embarrassing. 
Zeke crossed his legs at the knees. “I know it’s hard, man, but try and stay positive. How’s Isabelle doing?”
“She’s fine. She’s here now, taking riding lessons.”
Zeke’s face lit up. “Oh yeah? I’d love to see her.”
“She’ll be happy to see you.” Richmond stood. “Come, I’ll take you to her.”
Walking side by side, Richmond and Zeke crossed the green grass leading toward the horse trails. Riding a horse with shiny brown fur, Isabelle steered the animal around the circular dirt trail as Jason sat behind her, helping. Kayla leaned on the white fence, watching his little one as she took her riding lesson. 
“Who’s the woman?” Zeke questioned.
“That’s Isabelle’s nanny.”
Stalking across the grass, Zeke’s head jerked. “Nanny! She doesn’t look like a nanny to me. From here, she looks fine as hell. There’s no way in hell I could have a nanny in my house that looked like her and keep my hands to myself. Is she single?” 
Richmond chortled. “I think so, but I’m not sure.” 
Leave it to lover boy Zeke. He never missed an opportunity to make a move on a beautiful, fine woman. Deep down inside, Richmond hoped Zeke didn’t make a move on Kayla because they wouldn’t make a good fit. 
How’d you know? his conscious spoke inside his head. 
“Who’s the kid with her?”
“Her son.”
Zeke groaned. “Look at the ass on her. That body can make some man very happy.”
“Cool it, Zeke. Don’t go flirting with my employee.”
Zeke paused in his tracks. His eyes narrowed speculatively. “Since when did you start caring about me flirting with one of your employees? Hell, I flirt with Chelsey all the time, and you’ve never said a word about that.” Smiling, Zeke wagged a finger at Richmond. “Hot damn, you want Kayla for yourself.” Laughing, he slapped Richmond hard on the back. 
Shaking his head, Richmond couldn’t help but join in on Zeke’s bouts of hearty chuckles. “No. It’s nothing like that. I’m not interested in Kayla.” Richmond began walking. 
“You’re lying to yourself, Richmond. Frankly, I think it’s about time you start dating again, man. It’s a whole big world out here, and spending it alone can be kind of lonely.”
“Oh yeah? Well, when are you going to settle down?”
Zeke laughed. “Never.”
Coming to a stop beside Kayla, the two men laughed. When Richmond introduced Zeke to Kayla, Zeke’s eyes flickered while absorbing her pretty face. Shaking her hand, Zeke nodded. 
“Nice meeting you, Kayla.”
Kayla’s lips curved into a dazzling white smile, disturbing Richmond’s inner being. “It’s nice meeting you, too, Zeke.” The very air around her seemed electrified. 
Richmond stooped down in front of CJ and smiled. “Hey, little man. How’s your arm feeling?”
CJ glanced up at Kayla, then back at Richmond. “Good. I’m not jumping off the toilet no more.” 
Richmond laughed. “That’s very smart of you. Once your arm gets better, maybe you and Isabelle can jump on her trampoline. How’s that?”
CJ shrugged. “What’s a tramsozine?”
“It’s a toy made for jumping.” Richmond ruffled the hair on CJ’s head, then stood. “How’d Isabelle’s ballet lesson go?”
Kayla tossed her hair behind her shoulder. “It went well. After she finished with dance, I took her home for lunch, and her nap. Then we came here.” 
Good, she’s sticking to Isabelle’s schedule. He had the distinct feeling if he hadn’t hired Kayla, it would’ve been a big mistake. 
“Whoa boy. Whooaaa.” A voice came from the direction of the woods, and Richmond knew exactly who it belonged to—his father, Russell. Supposedly retired, Russell dropped by the Equestrian on a regular basis. Too much, if you asked Richmond. 
Richmond turned just in time to see Russell and his horse surface from the woods out into the open. Riding his favorite prized black stallion, Russell steered the horse over to where he, Zeke, CJ, and Kayla stood. Sporting a long sleeve white shirt, jeans, a cowboy hat, and brown cowboy boots, his father smiled, then clambered down from the horse. 
“Well, howdy, folks.”
Zeke slapped hands with his father. “Long time, no see.”
Russell smiled. “Yes. It’s been a while, Zeke. How are the women treating you?”
Zeke slid his hands inside the pockets of his jeans. “Great, like always.” 
Russell’s eyes diverted from Zeke’s face to Kayla’s. “And who’s this pretty young lady?” 
Kayla smiled. “I’m Kayla, Isabelle’s nanny.” 
Russell held out his hand for a handshake, and when Kayla took it, he brought her hand up to his lips and kissed it. 
Fucking bastard. He loves himself some young girls. Well, he won’t get his hands on this one. 
Kayla’s eyes narrowed as she kept them focused on his father’s face. “You look so familiar,” she said, her round eyes roaming over Russell’s face. 
An indefinable emotion shone in Russell’s eyes as he looked at Kayla. “Oh yeah?”
“Yes.” Pursing her lips together, Russell’s brows scrunched. Kayla’s eyes widened with a lighter brown. “I know. I think you were friends with my grandfather.”
“What’s your grandfather’s name?” Russell questioned. 
“Leroy. Leroy Van Buren. He’s deceased now.”
Russell smiled. “Sorry. I’ve never heard of a man named Leroy Van Buren.”
Kayla’s gleeful expression turned taut and derisive. “I’m sorry, I didn’t get your name,” Kayla confirmed. 
“Russell. But you can call me Russ, or Big Daddy if you like.”
Richmond’s chest strained tight. “Watch it, Russell.”
Russell shrugged, then removed his cowboy hat from his head. Looking at Richmond, his brows hitched. “What? All my friends call me Big Daddy, so why can’t she?” 
Zeke laughed. 
After Jason dismounted the horse, he clenched Isabelle’s hips and lowered her to the ground. Smiling, Isabelle ran towards them. Sounding winded, Isabelle swiped an errant bang from her face. 
“Daddy! I had fun with CJ today, and with Ms. Kayla, too. Can they spend the night?”
Richmond looked down at Isabelle and placed a hand on her shoulder. “Oh, Pumpkin. Ms. Kayla is an adult, and I’m sure she doesn’t want to spend the night with you. She has her own house to go home to.”
Isabelle’s bottom lip curled under. Folding her arms across her chest, she glanced up at Kayla. “Please, Ms. Kayla? Can you and CJ spend the night with me? Pretty please?”
Tilting her head, Kayla smiled. “I don’t mind, but it’s up to your father, sweetheart.”
Zeke interjected. “Why, I think that’ll be a great idea if Kayla and CJ spent the night.” 
Knowing that Zeke was trying to play matchmaker, Richmond groaned internally. But Zeke could forget it. After the stunt Salina had pulled behind his back, he’d have to be a damn fool to get involved with and trust a beautiful woman. For Isabelle’s sake, Kayla could spend the night, but that’s as far as it’d go. 
“You really don’t mind?” Richmond asked Kayla. 
Kayla’s hair brushed her face as she shook her head. “No, I don’t mind at all. It’ll be fun for both of them.”
Richmond exclaimed out loud, “Then I guess it’s settled. Kayla and CJ are spending the night.”
“Yay!” CJ and Isabelle yelled synchronously. 
What in the hell have I gotten myself into? Richmond thought, gazing into Kayla’s gentle pupils. 






THE DISTRAUGHT MURDERER WALKED INSIDE the office and closed the door. On edge about today’s earlier events, he removed the photo from the wall hiding his secret vault and laid the big painting on the floor. Mashing the numerical code into the keypad, his mind thought of Kayla and how she seemed so innocent. So likeable. Sure enough, she was beautiful. 
The hidden vault built into the wall bleeped, then clicked open. Beside the killer’s diary lay the letter that Salina had given him to give to Richmond in the occurrence he ever found out he was the one that’d murdered his wife. Along with the letter addressed to Richmond was a video of Salina. 
Salina wanted me to kill her. 
Guilt churned the killer’s stomach as he reached inside the safe to grab his diary. A diary he regretted having. A diary he prayed no one would ever find out about. It’d kill Richmond if he ever knew he’d murdered his wife, Salina. If anyone ever found out his secret, all hell would break loose on Hilton Head Island and he’d spend the rest of his life behind bars. Rotting in prison. 
I can’t let that happen. 
Holding his diary in his hand, he shut the door to the vault, hefted a pen from the desk holder, then flopped down in his favorite recliner. 
Opening his diary, vivid images of the night he’d murdered Salina entered his mind. Pain stabbed his aching heart. Dread filled his soul. Guilt weighted his shoulders like heavy stones. 
With the tip of the ink pen touching the sheet of paper inside his diary, his soul felt dark and insolent. May you rest in peace, Salina. And may you mind your own business, Kayla.    
Dear Diary,
Richmond has hired a nanny by the name of Kayla. Something about Kayla disturbs me, makes me nervous. When she looks into my face, I feel like she can see straight through me, like she knows what I did to Salina. I’m hoping it’s my insecurities getting the best of me and I’m wrong about her. The last thing I need is for Kayla to get curious and start sticking her nose where it doesn’t belong—in my business. I’d hate for her to end up like Salina—dead. 







KAYLA SAT CJ ON THE couch inside her den, then headed straight for the dresser positioned against the wall in the hallway. 
Unless Russell has a twin with the same name as him, I know that’s him in the picture with my grandfather. 
Once she reached the table in the hallway, she picked up the photo lying on the furniture’s surface and brought it up to her eyes. As clear as day, her grandfather and Russell stood side by side on a boat dock, holding fishing rods. 
Dear God, Russell lied about knowing my grandfather. But why? Why?
Needing to get back to Richmond’s estate so CJ and Isabelle could spend the night, Kayla folded the photo and slid it in her back jean pocket. Once inside her bedroom, she propped her small suitcase on the bed and started packing. Why in the world would Russell deny knowing her grandfather? The two of them looked like best friends in that darn photo. 
She pulled open her dresser drawer, grabbed some panties and bras, then walked back over to the bed. As she placed her items inside her luggage, her mind traveled back to the day her grandfather had died. She’d replayed that day over and over inside her head on so many occasions until she remembered it by heart, every single sordid detail. Her grandfather, the man who raised her, had said he had something important he’d wanted to tell her right before he’d died in that horrible car accident. ‘Til this day, she’d always wondered what it was. She closed her suitcase and headed for CJ’s room. 
Tossing CJ’s pajamas inside the suitcase, she couldn’t stop wondering why Russell had lied. What was he hiding? Dear God, could Russell know what her grandfather wanted to tell her? Could that be why he pretended as if he’d never heard the name Leroy Van Buren before? So many questions and not a single darn answer bothered the mess out of Kayla. 
Now finished packing her overnight bag, she gripped the handle of the luggage and rolled it down the carpet along the hallway. Hefting CJ in her arms, she pushed open the screen door and descended the steps. If it was the last thing she did, Kayla was going to find out why Russell—or Big Daddy, as he liked to be called—lied. 


BACK AT THE ESTATE, DARKNESS loomed in the sky, hovering over the brick, two story mansion. Isabelle and CJ sat on the floor inside the den, watching the cartoon Peppa Pig, while Richmond stood outside on the opened deck grilling steaks beneath the porch light. 
Unable to get her mind off Russell, Kayla stood at the counter next to the sink, pouring sugar into a pitcher of iced tea. Lowering the container of sugar to the marble countertop, she hefted the spoon by her side, lowered it into the drink, and stirred. 
While I don’t know much about Russell, I know he’s a big fat liar. 
“The steaks are done.” Richmond’s husky voice broke Kayla’s train of thought about his lying-behind father. She looked over her shoulder to find Richmond entering the kitchen carrying a pan loaded with seasoned peppery steaks, grilled corn on the cob, vegetables, and red potatoes. 
Inhaling the spicy aroma, Kayla’s stomach growled. I’m starving. “Mmm. It smells delicious. You really didn’t have to cook for us. Thank you.”
Richmond lowered the silver pan to the stove. “I often cook dinner for Isabelle, so it’s really no big deal. Something I would’ve done anyways. I just hope it tastes as good as it looks.”
“I’m sure it will.” Kayla walked over to stand beneath the kitchen’s arch. “CJ. Isabelle. Dinner’s ready.” 
Isabelle hopped to her feet. She reached for CJ’s hand and helped pull him to a stand. “Come on. Let’s go wash our hands so we can eat.”
“I already washed my hands,” CJ exclaimed.
Giggling, Isabelle covered her mouth. “That was earlier today, silly,” she stated between her spread fingers on her lips. 
Kayla snickered. Boys. “CJ. Go wash your hands with Isabelle, then come eat dinner.”
“Okay, Mommy.”
Short minutes later, the four of them sat at the dinette table inside the kitchen. After Richmond blessed the food, Kayla lifted her head to meet his gaze. Sitting across from him in Salina’s old spot, an uncomfortable feeling swept over her. She felt like she had no business sitting in Salina’s chair. Distressing over it, her rear shifted in the seat. 
Kayla hefted her fork. Her eyes traveled over the other faces joined at the table with her. Her mind on Salina, a shadow of sadness touched her heart. God, Salina had had it all before she got sick. Before someone had taken her life. Poor Salina. Poor Richmond. And poor Isabelle. Kayla shivered at the thought that she’d been murdered inside this home, right inside her bedroom. 
Forcing herself to think of something happier, Kayla carved out a piece of steak with the sharp knife, then forked it into her mouth. Juicy flavors burst into her mouth as she chewed the oh-so-tender meat. Speaking of tender, she wondered if Richmond’s kisses were tender. If his touches were tender. If his lovemaking skills were tender. Imagining the fine specimen sitting across from her naked, moisture gathered in her center. Wondering if his manhood was dark and thick, heat flooded through her veins. Sex clenching, she carefully swallowed her food. 
Oh my. She’d gotten so hot and bothered until she had to take a long gulp of her iced tea. Richmond would never take a second look at me, so I need to get him off my dirty little mind. 
“I’m glad the two of you could join us tonight.” Richmond’s deep baritone voice straggled around the kitchen. 
“I’m glad we could stay, too. The steak is delicious. Very tender.”
Tenderly, his eyes seemed to melt into hers. “I did do pretty well, if I may say so myself.” He took a swallow of the sweet tea, then lowered his glass to the napkin. “So tell me, Kayla…what do you like to do for fun?”
Holding up a finger, Kayla wrapped her lips around her straw and sipped again at the sweet, sugary tea. Ah, delicious. Other than look at you, let me see. “I like to go to the movies, ice skating, swimming, and reading. Love a good book. What about you?”
“Let’s see. I like horseback riding. I enjoy breeding horses. Golfing, I enjoy that as well. But my favorite thing to do in my spare time is to play Polo. It’s such an active sport, and I love it.”
“Have you ever seen a horse born? I haven’t.” As soon as the question left her mouth, she felt stupid for asking it. She slapped her forehead. “Of course you have.”
“You’re right. I have.”
Kayla’s cell buzzed against her chest. She pulled it from her bra and spied the Caller ID. Great! Carson. Wanting to give him a dose of his own medicine, she tapped the ignore button, sent him to voicemail, and laid the cell on the table. She hefted the buttery corn on the cob to her lips. “So. What were we talking about?”
“Baby colts. If you’d like, perhaps you can join me during the delivery of one sometime. It’s the most amazing thing to witness. Gypsy Rose is pregnant now, and about to deliver any day.”
Kayla’s lips hitched. “I’d love to see the birth of a colt.”
“Then it’s a date.” A date. “Um. I meant a plan.” Changed your mind about that date thing rather quickly, I see. You’re no more ready to start dating than I’m ready to go skydiving. 
“Oh, another thing I like to do is skydiving.” What the hell? Had this man read her mind or what? 
After dinner, Kayla washed the dishes, got the children a bath, and shortly thereafter the four of them regrouped inside the den. Sitting on the floor beside Richmond with her back resting against the sofa, she held CJ in her lap while he held Isabelle in his. 
Clenching the book Peter Pan in her hands, the children listened intently as she read them a bedtime story; however, the entire time she read to them, all she could think about was how hot this man sitting next to her made her. Richmond’s close proximity to her drove her mad. Made her hotter than burning fire. Overcome with heady arousal, Kayla’s mouth watered. So much so, she felt like she could drool any moment now. 
Isabelle lay her head on her father’s chest. “Can people really fly, Daddy?” 
“No, Pumpkin. Only in fairy tales.” 
CJ pointed at the blue cast encasing his arm. “No. No. Flying off the toilet.” His remark caused everyone to laugh. 
“All right, you two, it’s time for bed.” Richmond stood. “I’m going to put her to bed. You two make yourself at home. Let me know if you need anything.”
“Thanks. I’m putting CJ to bed, too.” Following Richmond up the staircase, Kayla tugged CJ’s hand, then entered the guest bedroom at the other end of the hallway opposite Salina’s old room. She turned back the covers on the bed, laid CJ down, then pulled the covers up to his chin. 
Rubbing her fingers over his hair, she gazed at his brown, round face and his adorable brown eyes. Such a cute kid. Hopefully, one day Carson would find it in his heart to spend more time with him. 
“Sleep tight.” She bent over to kiss his forehead.
Fisting the linen, CJ squeezed his eyes shut. “Night. Night.”
Kayla entered the bathroom inside the guest room and turned on the shower. Steam billowed toward the ceiling as she stood over the sink brushing her teeth. Standing in front of the mirror, she pulled her hair on top of her head into a high ponytail. Ready to indulge in a long, hot shower, she pulled open the pantry to find it empty. Remembering she’d used the last wash cloth and towel on CJ, she grimaced. Dang, she didn’t have anything to bathe with. 
Kayla jogged down the staircase and rounded the corner off the den. Wanting to borrow a clean towel and wash cloth from Richmond, she walked down a long, narrow hallway and headed toward his bedroom, tucked in the rear corner downstairs. 
When she reached his bedroom, the door was open, so she walked in. 
“Richmond,” she said softly, walking further inside. 
Richmond stalked from his closet butt naked. Shocked to see her, he jumped. “Kayla!” 
Kayla’s breath caught in her throat. Starting with his rock solid chest, her eyes lowered to his dark, thick shaft stretching long against his toned thigh. OhmyfreakingGod. His big rod hung like the horses he bred. 
Electricity surged through Kayla’s veins. Her heart palpitated in her chest. She slapped her hands over her eyes, then whirled. “I’m sorry.” Keeping her face covered and her back to him, she fled from the room belonging to the sexiest masculine man she’d ever laid eyes on—Richmond beast-of-a-cock Spaulding. 
Embarrassed as hell, Kayla jogged up the stairs. Unable to concentrate, she turned left when she reached the top of the stairs and hustled down the hallway. I saw his penis. Ohmygod. Ohmygod. It’s big. Huge. 
Reaching the end of the hallway, she grasped the door knob and flung open the door. A big black Doberman Pinscher sitting on the bed leapt from the mattress and began charging in her direction. Kayla’s heart spiraled. 
Oh crap, wrong room! This is Salina’s bedroom!  
Just as the Doberman was about to pounce on Kayla, Richmond jumped in front of her and clapped his hands. Bare chested, with a towel wrapped tight around his waist, he clapped his hands again. 
The Doberman bared his teeth. “Sit, Killer! Sit!” Richmond’s husky voice echoed inside the cold, dark room. Meeting the dog’s vicious gaze, Richmond spoke to the dog through clenched teeth. “Killer, I said sit. Sit. Now.” Drool slipped from between Killer’s razor sharp teeth, then he shut his mouth. Obeying his commander, he folded his hind legs into the floor, then sat his rear on top of them. Whimpering, he licked his furry right paw. 
Getting things under control inside the room, Richmond turned to face Kayla. “Are you okay?” His brown eyes impaled her. 
Ashamed and shivering, Kayla dropped her head. He’s going to be angry at me for coming inside Salina’s old room. Starting with his bare feet, Kayla’s gaze traveled up his muscular, hairy legs, over the white towel wrapped around his waist, lingered over the bunched muscles of his chest, then landed on his handsome face. “I’m sorry. I thought I was entering the guest room where CJ is.” 
Richmond put a finger to Kayla’s chin, tilting her head back. Understanding settled inside his pupils. “It’s okay, Kayla. Mistakes happen. My goodness, you’re shaking.” He wrapped his arms about her shoulders and drew her to his solid frame. “Thank God I got here in time because Killer would’ve eaten you alive.”
Feeling safe wrapped within the confines of his strong embrace, she nestled her head to the toned muscles of his bare chest and draped her arms around his waist. 
The only person I’m worried about eating me alive is you, Richmond. And I have the distinct feeling I’d love every minute of you feasting between my legs.  






SEXUAL DESIRE TWIRLED IN THE pit of Richmond’s gut and shot straight to his throbbing rod as he held Kayla tight to his bare chest. Praying his tingling member didn’t turn to stone against her belly, he tried to throttle the dizzying current racing through him. With an arm lingering about her collar bone, he dragged his hand upward to palm the back of her head as her tremors tapered off. Poor woman had seen him come out of the closet naked and ran upstairs into the wrong room. He chuckled inwardly. 
Not that he was cocky or anything, but most women had the same reaction as Kayla whenever they saw his bare shaft for the first time. They acted like the size of it scared them. Even Salina had had a similar reaction when she’d seen his erection for the first time, too. 
His insides jangled with excitement. Want. Desire. God, it felt heavenly to have a warm female body pressed against him like this. Tempted to make a hot move on Kayla, Richmond caressed her spine, then curling his fingers around her biceps, he pried her from him. 
Tilting her head back, he studied the tantalizing features of her caramel-complexioned face. Blinking, her long eyelashes curled over her high cheekbones. Flustered, a brownish-red tint stained her round cheeks. As much as he wished he could deny it, he felt a slender, delicate thread form between them. 
“I’ve made a complete fool of myself.” Her sensual voice, her dark squirrel eyes, and her sexy, curvy figure caused his blood to boil inside his veins. Caused his spheres to harden. Caused the head of his manhood to leak fluid from its slit beneath the warm towel encircling his waist. 
Standing inside the room he once shared with his deceased wife in front of Kayla, Richmond’s aroused body was betraying him. Making him feel things he thought had long ago vanished. Had him wanting things he thought he’d never want again—to feel the slickness of a woman’s hot sex coating his hard length. Jesus Christ. Let him hurry up and get Kayla out of this room before he ended up trying to make love to her. Before he snatched off his towel, threw her on the bed, and delved between her legs. 
Tightening the white towel around his waist, heat spread like wildfire through his bones. His eyes wavered down the creamy expanse of her slender neck, then back up at her face. His chest clenched. “You didn’t make a fool of yourself, Kayla.” He put a hand to her spine and steered her out of the chilly room, closing the door behind them. 
Kayla glanced up at him. “If you say so. All I know is that I feel like a complete idiot for running into that room. I promise I won’t again.” It was then that Richmond realized his hand was glued to her spine. 
Wishing his body would cool off, he snatched his palm from the lower area of her back. “By the way, why did you come to my room downstairs in the first place?”
“I needed a towel and a washcloth.”
“I’ll go get them for you right now.” Leaving Kayla standing at the top of the staircase looking at him, he descended the steps. Inside his room downstairs, he grabbed a washcloth and towel from the bathroom closet, then headed back upstairs. 
When he reached the side of the guest bedroom on the second floor, Richmond paused. I need to give Kayla these towels and leave immediately. The longer I’m around her, the more difficult it becomes to fight off the temptation crawling through my system. 
Talking himself into giving Kayla the towels and then leaving right away, Richmond entered the room to find her sitting on the bench at the foot of the bed, waiting for his return. 
“Hot damn, you like Kayla for yourself.” Zeke’s words came slamming into his brain as he handed her the towels. Okay, so maybe he had a sexual thing for her, but that was it. 
Piercing his soul with those gentle, dark eyes of hers, Kayla took the towels and stood. “Thanks.”
Turning his head towards the sleigh bed, he glanced over at CJ, who was sound asleep. “He had a full day today.”
Strong glints of love soaked up her eyes as she looked at her son sleeping. “Yes. He and Isabelle. They get along so well.”
“Yes, they do. I’m glad she has met a new friend. Well, if you need anything else, just holler.”
Kayla giggled. “I’ll make sure to knock on the door before I enter next time.” He zoned in on her soft-looking lips, mentally caressing her qualities. The way I feel right now, you don’t ever have to knock. Just bring your fine ass right on in my bedroom anytime you feel like it. Feeling the curves of your firm breasts pressed into my chest felt pleasurable. Damn, should’ve kissed you when I was holding you. When I had the chance. “Richmond.” Kayla waved her hand in front of his face, snapping him out of his sexual trance. 
Richmond shook his head, snapping completely out of his reverie. “What’d you say?”
“Isabelle had mentioned earlier today she wanted to get in the Jacuzzi, so I brought my bathing suit. Is it still okay if I get in?” Silence. Nothing. “Never mind.”
“No. Yes. It’s fine, Kayla.”
Blinking her long eyelashes, she tilted her head. “Are you sure?”
“Yes. Go ahead and get in, and enjoy yourself. Have a good night.”
“You, too.”
“I most definitely will,” he said, leaving the bedroom. Tonight had to be the first and last time that Kayla and CJ ever spent the night. There was no telling what may end up happening between them two if he allowed her to stay again. 
Brief seconds later, Richmond entered his bedroom downstairs and shut the door. Aiming the remote to the sixty-inch plasma television mounted to the wall, he pressed the red power button. The gigantic screen lit up, tuning into ESPN, his favorite station other than CNN. 
What a night, what a night. Letting the towel fall from his waist to the floor, he treaded inside his bathroom. In dire need of a cold shower to cool off his loins, he yanked open the glass shower door, turned the faucet, and stepped inside. 
The cool water shooting from the spout down onto his body did nothing to subside his arousal for Kayla. Rubbing the bar of soap over his chest, he couldn’t stop thinking about the fine woman upstairs inside his house. He couldn’t stop thinking about how she’d made him feel when he’d held her. Couldn’t stop thinking about the sensual glow in her eyes whenever she looked at him. Or the sweet caress of her voice every time she spoke to him. Most importantly, he couldn’t get over how quickly Isabelle had taken to her. Now that’s a first. Normally Isabelle was standoffish, but not with Kayla. His daughter already liked the woman, and her son. 
Churning sounds emanating from the outdoor Jacuzzi on his deck buzzed inside Richmond’s ears. Kayla’s outdoors. Unable to resist getting a glimpse of her, he slightly hefted the window inside the shower and peeped through the small crack. What happened next sent him into a whirlwind of tumultuous emotions. 
Covered in a cotton pink robe, Kayla stood barefoot on the deck in front of the Jacuzzi. Bubbles foamed at the top of the water. She twirled her hand in the bubbly jet stream water. Untying the sash of her garment, she gazed out toward the dark marsh tapering into a wide river, then shrugged her arms from the sleeves of her robe. 
The material slipped from her body to the floor, revealing her sexy, curvy figure sheathed inside a one-piece fitted bathing suit. Waves of excitement charged through Richmond’s system as his eyes latched on to her boobs perching from the material of her lavender swimwear. The way the thin material looked stretching over her curvy, plump butt sent his sex to pulsating. Look at her brown, voluptuous thighs. He liked a woman with some meat on her bones. 
She put her hand to her abdomen, then clambered inside the water. Closing her eyes, she laid her head on the curb of the Jacuzzi. Bubbles floated around her sexy neck. “Oh God. This feels…soooo good,” she moaned.
Arousal surged through Richmond. His hairy, wet shaft hardened, inched down his thigh. Feeling himself grow immeasurably, he glanced down between his legs. The round head of his erection was swollen, looked like it was about to pop with fluid. He quietly lowered the window, then relocked it. 
Damn you, Kayla. Horny as hell, he held the tip of his bulbous head with his thumb and index finger, then began vigorously scrubbing his erection with the large bar of soap. Up and over, round and round, he washed his thick, heavy rod. Needing to relieve himself, the blood pushing at the veins in his shaft made it pound with an erratic rhythm. 
With water streaming down over him, he tossed the bar of soap to the floor, put his head to the wet tile, and fisted his soapy member. Picturing Kayla’s pretty face, her luscious figure, he slapped a hard hand to the wall and wildly jerked himself up and down. Up and down. 
Fucking his tight fist, a deep groan rattled inside his chest. Imagining Kayla’s lips wrapping around the head of his pulsating stem, he thrust his hips. Ran the pad of his thumb over his engorged head, seeping with pre-cum. “Arrrggh,” he grunted. 
Warm water pelted his flesh. Feeling his orgasm nearing, he squeezed his tool harder. Rocked his pelvis more solidly. His own deep grunts filled his ears. Mashing and pulling. Squeezing and stroking. Cum boiled inside his hard jewels and traveled up the length of his throbbing sex. 
Groaning like a beast, sperm detonated from the slit of his steely erection and flew on his jerking grip. With his pole remaining hard in his messy hand, Richmond suddenly realized he could make love all night if he had a special woman in his life. Kayla’s got to get her ass out of here first thing tomorrow morning. Causing me to resort to masturbation while imagining her face, I’m never going to let her spend the night here again. 


DUCKS QUACKED OUTSIDE RICHMOND’S BEDROOM window and sailed inside his ears. Lying in bed on his back, his eyes opened to the vaguely lit room. He rolled onto his side and spied the alarm clock. The red number six flashed to seven. An expletive ripped from his mouth. His alarm clock didn’t go off like it was supposed to.
Running late, he flung back the covers and hopped out of bed. As he ran toward the bathroom, the scent of pancakes streamed up his nostrils. Kayla. She’s making breakfast. 
He would never forget a single detail of how Kayla had looked so damn desirable in her lavender bathing suit last night. How she’d awakened him and made his sex drive escalate. How her fine behind had caused him to masturbate. Nope. She had to go. 
Richmond had no idea how he was going to tell Kayla she was fired. Somehow, some way, he had to find the right words to let her go. After the way she’d caused him to self-pleasure himself last night, he clearly understood she was a threat to his heart. Like a poisonous snake, she could possibly strike him at any time and possibly have him submitting to every waking need. Hell no. There was no way in the world he was going to let that happen. He’d already learned the hard way with Salina. Women couldn’t be trusted. 
After he showered, with a long work day at the Equestrian ahead of him, he hurried to his cramped walk-in closet. Searching for something to wear, his eyes roamed over his assortment of shirts on the hangers. Kayla probably thought he was nuts for not sleeping in his master bedroom upstairs. But forget what she thought. Ever since Salina had died in their bedroom, he’d been unable to sleep in there. Truth be told, he could barely stand going in there, period. 
Dressed in a pair of tan trousers and white collared shirt, he reentered the bathroom, sprayed cologne on his neck, then pulled open the door of his bedroom. Walking down the narrow hallway, making his way toward the kitchen, scents of sizzling bacon traveled up his nose. Zeke was right, having a fine woman in his house like this was way too much. It’d be damn near impossible for him to keep his hands off Kayla. When his last nanny Sarah had been here, he didn’t have any of these kinds of problems. But then again, Sarah wasn’t a match for Kayla. If anything, it was the other way around. 
Coming to the end of the hallway, he rounded the corner into the kitchen. Kayla stood over the stove, flipping bacon with a fork. Swallowing the hard lump in his throat, his eyes clung to her backside. Wearing a pair of grey jeans and a white collared shirt, she looked scrumptious. Tasty enough to lick, eat, kiss, and suck. 
Telling Kayla she was fired was going to be difficult, but he had to do it. Richmond cleared his throat. “Good morning.”
Transferring the bacon to the napkin, Kayla looked back over her shoulder at him. Her cute mouth pulled into a carnal smile. His heart twirled like a sunny afternoon inside his chest. Hmmph. 
“Good morning. Thanks for letting me get in the Jacuzzi last night. I really enjoyed it.” 
I enjoyed seeing you enjoy it, too. That’s why I’ve got to fire you. “I’m glad you enjoyed it. Is Isabelle up yet?”
Wiping her hands on the front of her apron, Kayla turned. “Yes. She’s up and already dressed. She and CJ are upstairs watching Sesame Street. I’ll go get them in a few minutes.” 
“Okay.” Here goes. Jesus Christ, I hate telling her this. “Kayla, there’s something I need to talk to you about.” He sure as hell hated lying to her about why he had to fire her. But then again, it wasn’t like he could say, “You’re too fine and too attractive to work here.” Or how’s this? I have to let you go because you had me playing with my dick last night. Nope. He couldn’t say any of that. He’d just tell her he didn’t like the way she’d interacted with Isabelle thus far. Or maybe he’d tell her he was firing her because she’d fled into Salina’s bedroom, which she knew full well he disapproved of from the get-go. 
Kayla walked up to Richmond and tilted her chin upward to glance up at him. Just as he parted his mouth to tell her she was fired, Isabelle and CJ ran into the kitchen, giggling their little hearts out. 
Ecstatic, Isabelle ran up to Richmond with all these colorful bows in her hair and a pretty dress on. “Daddy. Daddy. Look what Kayla did to my hair. It’s so pretty.” Smiling, she twirled the end of one of her ponytails with her finger. 
“You look so pretty, Isabelle. I love your hair.”
“Me, too, Daddy.”
“I like your dress, too.”
“Thank you, Daddy. Ms. Kayla help me pick it out. You never let me wear dresses. Can Ms. Kayla and CJ stay the night again?”
CJ clapped his hand. “Yes. Again. Again.”
Hell no! “Let Daddy think about the spending the night thing, okay?” Glancing down at his precious Pumpkin with all those ponytails tied with bright, colorful ribbons, Richmond smiled. Isabelle looked so girly with her dress and sparkling shoes on. He had to admit, Kayla had definitely spiced his daughter up. Considering Isabelle would benefit from Kayla’s upbringing, he decided to second think firing her. 
Towering over the children, Kayla stated, “Guys, it’s rude for a person to wear out their welcome when someone invites them into their home. CJ and I will be going home tonight. I have a lot of things I need to take care of. Richmond, do you still need to talk with me?”
Linking his gaze with Kayla’s, his heart swelled with a feeling he had thought was long deadened. “I just wanted to tell you thanks for the wonderful job you did yesterday. Isabelle hasn’t smiled or played this hard since before her mother passed.”
Her lips broke into a wide, open smile. “I’m glad I’m able to help.” After the kids took their seats at the table, Kayla walked over to the stove and started fixing their plates. Richmond stared at her backside so hard, he was surprised he didn’t burn a hole in her buttocks. 
Buzz. His cell vibrated inside the clip hooked on his belt. Noticing it was Don, he excused himself from the kitchen and went into the den. “Hello?”
“Good morning. You sound like you’re already up.”
“Good morning. I’ve never slept late a day in my life,” he said, pulling the string on the blinds to let the morning sunlight stream inside the room. A bird flapped past the window, then flew towards the marsh. 
Don added, “That’s what I thought. Anyhow, I’m calling you this morning because last night I spoke with an insurance agent, and he informed me that two years before Salina’s death, she took out a life insurance policy for two hundred and fifty thousand dollars. And you’re not going to believe who her beneficiary was.”
Preparing himself for more disappointment regarding Salina, Richmond sealed his eyes tight. “Who was the beneficiary, Don?”
“Jason.”
His eyes shot wide open. “Jason! My employee, Jason Chamberlain?” 
“Yes, your employee, Jason Chamberlain,” Don confirmed. 
“Well, I’ll be got damned!”

 






KAYLA SAT AT THE KITCHEN table with Isabelle’s daily calendar clenched in her hands. Lowering the calendar to the table, Richmond marched past her with an angry look on his face. Seeming infuriated, he twisted the doorknob and flung open the door leading to the garage. When he slammed the door behind himself, the whole kitchen shook. 
What’s wrong with him? Whoever had called him must’ve upset him, must’ve have given him some bad news. 
Hoping everything with Richmond was okay, Kayla tapped the calendar button on her cell to input Isabelle’s upcoming activities. This precious angel was the busiest little girl she’d ever come across. Yesterday, she’d had ballet and horseback lessons. Today, she had piano and soccer lessons, and a playdate with some kid named Logan. Tomorrow, she had a birthday party to go to at the Equestrian. Then afterwards, she was scheduled to go shopping with her grandmother, Leslie. 
Finally having the information stored in her phone, Kayla began walking toward the den, where she’d left Isabelle and CJ after she’d cleaned the kitchen earlier. “Guys, it’s time to start your school lessons.” Cartoons on the television blared throughout the house as she entered the den to find it empty. Hmm. Now where had they gone?
At four years old, Isabelle was such a smart little girl, and at three years old, so was her little wild rascal, CJ. The two of them were like peas in a pod already. 
Holding onto the handrail at the foot of the staircase, Kayla’s eyes traveled up the steps to the second floor. “Isabelle! CJ! Where are you?” 
Let’s see, today was Friday, and she’d prepared a hands-on math lesson using manipulatives for those two today. Until she’d met Isabelle, she’d never understood how valuable homeschooling could be for a kid. Smart beyond her young years, Isabelle made the perfect candidate for such a thing. And considering she had a Bachelor’s Degree in Education and had always wanted to be a school teacher, this homeschooling, nanny thing was a perfect match for her job-wise. 
Those two are up to something. Ascending the steps, her hand glided along the rail. Reaching Isabelle’s room, she wondered why in the world she and CJ had shut the door. She grasped the doorknob and pushed it open. The room was in total disarray. Nothing like she’d left it this morning. 
Toys, playful dress-up clothes, and pictures scattered the carpet. Isabelle sat on the floor playing with her dollhouse while CJ sat in a corner pushing a truck up the wall. 
Kayla hurried over to CJ and gently gripped his wrist. “CJ, don’t do that. You’re going to get black marks on the paint,” she said, lowering his hand and the truck from the wall. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you two. I need you both to clean up this room. After you’re done, I’m going to teach you some math, then shortly thereafter it’ll be time for your piano lessons, Isabelle.”
While the children dumped the toys into the toy box beneath the window, Kayla picked up the photos from the floor. Coming across a picture of Richmond, Salina, and Isabelle, Kayla’s heart softened. She brought the photo closer to her eyes. Isabelle couldn’t have been any older than one in the picture. Ah, just look at the happy family. Richmond and Salina looked so in love. So happy. Full of life. Like the perfect couple. Gosh, Salina was so very pretty. 
Isabelle peeked up at Kayla. “That’s my mommy.” 
Kayla glanced around the pink room and noticed Richmond didn’t have a single picture of the child’s mother or him anywhere. “I know, sweetheart. Would you like to make the picture bigger and put it in a frame to keep inside your room?”
Nodding, Isabelle fisted the material of her dress near her waist. “Yes, ma’am.”
“Okay, after your piano lessons, I’ll take you to the store and have one made. And I’ll let you pick out a pretty frame to put it in.”
Isabelle threw her arms around Kayla’s leg and hugged her tight. “Thank you.”
Falling head over heels for Isabelle, Kayla caressed her back. Keeping the photo she’d plan on enlarging, she put the rest of the photos back in the drawer where Isabelle claimed they belonged, grabbed her and CJ’s tiny hands, then marched their little behinds back downstairs so they could learn some math. 


AT THE EQUESTRIAN, RICHMOND PACED back and forth inside his office. Pissed the hell off, he balled his fists. Cramps kinked inside his stomach. Salina had been a sneaky-ass liar. For many years, she’d complained about the many kind things he’d done for his own single mother. Yet, she’d gone behind his back and left an insurance policy to his employee, Jason. She’d had the insurance policy for years, too. Why on Earth would she do such a thing? Was she having an affair with Jason? Was Jason Salina’s killer? Got damn that sneaky woman. Desiring to punch a hole in his office wall, he nibbled the nail of his thumb instead. 
Richmond paused in his tracks in the center of the room. Clenching his molars, his temper flared. Pulsing knots rolled at the sides of his temples. He had to calm the hell down before he made himself sick. Before he had a stroke. He was so angry, he felt he could have a heart attack and die from a broken, betrayed heart. From this day forward, he was not going to let Salina’s death stop him from living. She’d proved she wasn’t worthy of his faithfulness anymore. 
That being said, he slid his wedding ring off his finger and went and placed it inside his desk drawer. He should’ve taken off the damn ring a long time ago. Right after she’d died. 
Don had warned him to keep a cool demeanor around Jason until he gathered more information that would prove he was Salina’s killer. Now that task was going to be difficult. Challenging. Right now, nothing would please him more than to choke the life out of the bastard. 
Knuckles rasped on Richmond’s closed office door. A ragged breath pressed from his lips as he plopped down in his leather chair. Keep a cool head. “Come in,” he said, forcing the stress to ease from his heavy shoulders. 
The door peeled open, and in walked Jason. No-good-ass Jason. He and Salina deserved each other, he thought, tempted to strike the blond-haired, blue-eyed devil. “You wanted to see me?” 
Not only do I want to see you, I want to kill you. Bile bubbled at the surface of his stomach. The possibility that this man may have touched his wife made Richmond want to vomit. “Yes. Come in and close the door.” Steaming like boiling water, Richmond’s leg swung back and forth beneath his desk. “This isn’t going to take long. I’m changing your duties here at the Equestrian. You will no longer give Isabelle riding lessons.” Jason’s eyes turned ice blue as his white face turned crimson. Don’t let him know you’re on to him. “I’m making you the Operations Director.”
Air whooshed from Jason’s mouth. His hand flung over his heart. “You had me scared for a second. Thought I was in trouble,” he uttered with a southern drawl. I bet you did. “Operations Director. Wow! This is a promotion, right?”
Wanting to shove his shoe up Jason’s ass, Richmond managed a fake smile. “Yes, Jason. This is a promotion, with an increase in salary.” Jason’s grin widened on his lying face. “Chelsey will go over your pay with you a little bit later today.”
“Okay. Thanks.” He wagged a finger at Richmond. “I promise you…I’m going to be the best darn Operations Director you’ve ever seen.”
“I bet you are, Jason.” Irked by Jason’s cool, aloof manner, it took everything in Richmond not to jump across the table and kill him. Jason had no clue that he and Don were on to him and watching his every waking move. His every single step. If Jason ever thought about hurting Isabelle, or CJ, or Kayla, he’d fire a bullet straight into his heart and drop his conniving ass to the floor. Best believe it, Richmond thought, thinking of the licensed loaded gun strapped to his lower spine. 
Bitter and resentful, Richmond crossed the room and stood in front of Jason. Glaring into his blue eyes, the bones in his fingers ached to wrap around the devilish man’s throat and strangle him until he passed out. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m headed out to play Polo.” 


A GENTLE OCEAN BREEZE ROSE from the depths of the nearby glistening blue water, then swirled down over Kayla’s face as she sat on the bench beside Sandella at the community park. Across the street from the beach, she watched the kids run around on the playground and became quite acquainted with the pretty lady Richmond was so smitten of—his good friend’s wife—Sandella Wexler. 
The cool autumn breeze blew leaves around Kayla’s feet. She swiped a piece of hair behind her ear. “So, Sandella,” she said, looking at CJ and Isabelle chasing after the pudgy pigeons, “do you and Braylon want any more children?”
Bouncing Logan on her knee, Sandella nodded. “Yes, we do. But not right now. My bakery, SugarKanes, keeps me so busy, I’d probably lose my mind if I had another baby right now. The company is growing by leaps and bounds, and sooner or later I’m going to have to open up another location. Probably sooner than I’d planned, too.”
If Kayla found the right man and got married, she’d love to have more children. “That’s great. Did you always want to go into business for yourself?”
“Yes. But if it hadn’t been for Braylon, SugarKanes would’ve never happened.”
“Why not?”
Sandella shrugged. “I didn’t believe in myself or my abilities. Braylon drafted the business plan for SugarKanes, and without my knowing he started selling my baked goods over the Internet. He even found the lot to build upon. He did everything for me.”
Kayla enjoyed hearing about Sandella and Braylon’s love story, which eventually led to a beautiful marriage and an adorable daughter. “Your husband obviously loves you. You’re both so lucky to have one another. I’d do anything to find love like that one day.”
Placing baby Logan on the bench between them, Sandella tilted her head. “Ah, Kayla. You’ll find love someday. I’m sure there’s some man out there that would love to marry you and treat your son as his own.”
Kayla waved her hand in the air. “Girl, please. Men these days look at women with kids like they have a disease. They run as fast as they can from women with children. No man is going to want to take care of me and my son.” 
“What about Richmond?” A flash of sincerity crossed Sandella’s face.
Kayla’s head jerked. “What about him?” I know she’s not implying what I think she is. Richmond’s not in the least bit interested in me now. Nor will he ever be interested in someone like me. 
“He’s single. Nice. Attractive. Probably lonely. He’s a great guy. Been through so much. Braylon and I would love for him to meet someone new to bring a little joy in his life.”
Kayla giggled at the wild thought. “With all these stretch marks on my stomach, a man like Richmond would never date a woman like me.” 
Sandella bent over and kissed Logan’s cheek. “What do you mean, a woman like you? You obviously have no clue how pretty you are, Kayla. Although we just met, I can tell how nice and fun you are. And just so you know, men are attracted to you. I even happened to overhear a few men talking about you the other day while having lunch at SugarKanes. In fact, you may know one of the guys. He works for Richmond. His name is Jason.”
Kayla’s heart dunked at the mention of Jason’s name. Forgoing any further conversation about Jason, she rounded up the kids. Afterwards, she and Sandella drove down the street and had lunch at SugarKanes. 
Sitting at the table next to the window inside the sweet-smelling bakery, Kayla opted for the chicken pesto Panini and a side salad. Sandella had had her employees whip up a bowl of tomato bisque and grilled cheese for her and Logan.  
As Kayla and Sandella sat there enjoying each other’s conversation, someone snuck up behind her and covered her eyes with their large hands. The hands shielding her vision felt strong and callous. Had to be a man’s hands. Just knowing it had to be Richmond, she smiled. Oh, Richmond. 
The gentleman covering her face pressed the side of his face to hers. “Guess who?” The sound of Jason’s voice caused her grave disappointment. When he removed his hands from her face, she glared up at him to find a wicked grin plastered on his lips. Tempted to throw Sandella’s soup into his stupid face, she offered him a curt smile instead. 
“Mind if I join you ladies?” Jason’s southern drawl boomed over her head. He pulled out the chair and took a seat before either of them could answer. 
“Sorry, I can’t stay. I’m on my way to the equestrian.” Kayla reached into her purse, pulled out a twenty dollar bill, and handed it to Sandella.
Sandella shooed the money away with her hand. “Lunch is on me today.”
An appreciative smile curved Kayla’s mouth. “You don’t have to do that.”
“But I want to.” Sandella picked up the pink box with teal lettering from the table and extended it to Kayla. “Don’t forget your cupcakes.”
“Thanks. I can’t wait to eat one later, especially the pumpkin-flavored one.” Lord knows, she didn’t like this Jason guy. “Aren’t you supposed to be giving Isabelle her horseback lessons in thirty minutes?” She disapproved of the curious, deep longing sparking in his eyes as he stared at her. 
Jason looped his fingers through the holes of his jeans and smiled as big as the ocean across the street. “Nope. Not anymore. Richmond promoted me to Operations Director. I started my new job today. Someone else will be giving Isabelle her horseback riding lessons.”
Hmm. If Richmond promoted him, maybe he’s not as bad as I think he is. She really needed to work on not judging people before getting to know them. “Congratulations.”
Jason gave a quick nod of his head. “See you around.”
“Mmm-hmmm. Have a good day, Sandella. Thanks again for the delicious lunch.” 
“You’re welcome. Can’t wait to do it again next week.”
Kayla strapped CJ and Isabelle in their car seats and drove down Ocean Drive. Making a left at the traffic light, she drove down another long road filled with trees on either sides. Reaching Spaulding Drive, she made a right, and a few minutes later she drove the Range Rover that Richmond had insisted she drive up into Spaulding Equestrian Center and parked. 
Holding Isabelle and CJ’s hands, Kayla lead the kids to the rear of the building, toward the horse trails. Spotting Richmond riding a horse while playing Polo with three other guys, the scent of freshly cut grass permeated her nose. Letting go of CJ and Isabelle’s hands, Kayla stopped walking and observed the domineering, masculine sight of Richmond as he dominated the game of Polo.  
Galloping horses’ hooves stomped over the grounds, drumming loud noises into Kayla’s eardrums. The horse carrying Richmond hurtled in the direction of the white fence. Dressed in complete Polo gear, Richmond raised his polo stick and swung. The orange ball flew in the air. 
With his Polo stick gripped in his hand, Zeke steered his cantering horse toward the flying ball and swung. The ball then went flying back in the other direction. 
“They’ve been at it all day,” Chelsey said, coming to stand beside Kayla. 
“Must be nice to play Polo in your leisure.” Kayla found the way Richmond played the sport attractive. The way his toned, muscular butt bounced up and down on the horse’s saddle enticed her. When Richmond spotted her glancing his way, his lips pulled into a sexy smile and she just about wilted like a flower in the hot summer sun. 
If Sandella thought the two of them had a chance at kindling a romance, she was dead wrong. Apparently, her new friend had trouble seeing. For all she knew, he probably had a girlfriend. 
Chelsey folded her arms over her breasts. “Just so you know, Richmond was in a rotten mood earlier today.”
Must have something to do with why he stormed out of the house this morning. Flipping her hair over her shoulder, she looked down at the children, then back up at Chelsey’s face. “Do you know why?”
Chelsey shook her head. “I don’t have a clue.”
Waiting for Richmond to finish playing the sport, Kayla grew quiet and focused her eyes on him. Hearing heavy footsteps walking along the grass behind her, she kept her face forward. A minute later, she felt the strong presence of a man standing behind her and assumed it was Jason. 
“Suade and Richmond ain’t gon’ get nothing done around here if all they do is play all day.” Kayla whirled to find Russell standing behind her. “How you doing, young lady?” he asked with a big, hearty smile. 
Kayla’s eyes squinted against the sun shining down over the stables. “I’m doing fine. And you?” Lying man. Talking about you never knew my grandfather. Just because he didn’t have any money like you, don’t give you the right to deny your friendship with him.  
“I’m doing quite well.” Russell’s eyes turned to Chelsey. “Hi, Chelsey.”
“Afternoon, Russell.” Chelsey rubbed the back of her neck. “Here comes Isabelle’s new riding instructor. His name is Samuel Adkins.”
“Why is my granddaughter getting a new instructor? Jason did a mighty fine job, if you ask me.” Russell’s tone was laden with discontentment. 
But no one asked you, now did they? Kayla thought, watching Samuel head their way. 
Chelsey quickly made the introductions to everyone. It was hard to tell, but Kayla’s discernment told her that this Samuel guy was nice and would be way better at teaching Isabelle than Jason. 
“Well, I got to get back to work, y’all. Good seeing you, Kayla.” Chelsey began walking away. 
“You, too, Chelsey.”
“I’m about to head on home, too.” Russell requested, “Do me a favor, Kayla…tell my sons, Richmond and Suade, I’ll catch up with them later.”
Kayla had no clue that Richmond had a brother named Suade. “Which one is Suade?”
“The one in the blue shirt, riding the black stallion.” Russell’s cowboy boots pivoted in the dirt, and he stalked away. 
Once Isabelle’s new riding instructor got her off to a good start with her riding lesson, Kayla and CJ made their way to the inside of the building. Bladder full, boy, did she have to use the bathroom. She pulled open the door to the front of the equestrian and stepped inside the cool building. The receptionist, Darla, sat at the circulation desk, waving her over. 
“Hey, CJ. Want a lollipop?” Darla asked. 
CJ looked up at his mother so she could answer for him. “Go ahead, it’s okay.”
Darla handed CJ the purple lollipop, and he took it. “So, tell me, Ms. Lady…how do you like working for our fine boss, Richmond?”
I love it. What single woman wouldn’t like working for him? “So far, so good. Excuse me, but I’ve really got to go to the restroom.”
“I’ll watch CJ for you, if you want,” Darla offered. She reached under her desk, then held up a key in Kayla’s face. “Here, take this key and use the restroom upstairs. It’s much nicer and more private than the one the customers use down here.”
Kayla snatched the key from Darla’s hand. “Thanks.” Leaving CJ at the receptionist desk with Darla, she hastened away. When she reached the end of the hallway, she hiked up the stairs, walked all the way to the end of another hallway, then burst through the door of the restroom. 
Hovering over the toilet urinating, discomfort about both Jason and Russell entered Kayla’s spirit. She wiped herself, then just as she pulled her jeans up, the door flung open. 
“Come on, Russell. No one ever comes in here. It’s always empty.” Shocked to hear Chelsey speaking with Russell, Kayla gasped. Inside the last stall at the end, she climbed on top of the toilet and hid so they wouldn’t see her shoes. 
“Don’t you think I know this here restroom is always empty? Now get your fine ass in there, woman.” Russell’s hoarse groans echoed. The heels of his hard boots clacked against the tile as he entered the restroom behind Chelsey. 
With her feet standing on the toilet, Kayla put a hand to the wall to balance herself. Nervous about what she was about to witness, she peeked through the crack in the door, and what she spotted happening next shocked her. Stole her breath. Made her head spin. 
Russell lowered the zipper on his jeans, jerked Chelsey off her feet, and slammed her behind on the edge of the sink. Gazing into her green eyes, Russell spread Chelsey’s legs as wide as they’d go. Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. “Good thing you wore the dress like I told you to.” He hiked her dress to her hips. 
“I do everything you tell me to do. Including our little secret,” she giggled. 
With his jeans puddled at his ankles, Russell slapped a hard hand to Chelsey’s mouth. Facing his reflection in the mirror, his face scrunched. “Shhh. Don’t you ever breathe a word about our secret around here,” he demanded in a grudging voice. 
Wrapping her fingers around Russell’s wrist, Chelsey’s eyes widened, then she nodded. Russell snatched his hand from her pinched lips. Regret softened Chelsey’s green eyes as she blinked pitifully. “I’m sorry to make you so mad, Big Daddy.” Tilting her head, she smiled. “Just lay that hairy monster between your fine legs on me, Big Daddy.” 
Russell’s frustrated, bearded face lightened. “Sure thang, pretty twang.” He reached inside his underwear, pulled out his shaft, and inserted it inside Chelsey’s sex. Not wanting to see the disgusting sexual act between them, Kayla covered her mouth with her hand and turned her freaking head. 
Chelsey’s loud moans of pleasures filled the bathroom. “Oh yeah, Big Daddy! I love it when you fuck me like this! Harder! Harder!”   







AFTER AN EXTREMELY LONG DAY at the stable, Richmond entered the house through the back garage door. Pleasant, spicy aromas sailed up his nose as his gaze traveled to the pot on the stove. Tossing his keys on the counter, his stomach growled. Jason is going to pay for what he did to Salina, he thought, wondering how Isabelle’s lessons had gone today with her new riding instructor. 
Wondering where Kayla, Isabelle, and CJ were, he walked over to the stove and lifted the lid off the pot. Steamed vegetables. Noticing the light was on for the oven, he lowered the hatch. Inside lay encrusted baked cod and buttery rolls. There was nothing like a woman who could cook. Although he’d told Kayla that cooking dinner wasn’t a part of her duties, he was glad she had taken the initiative to do so. Inhaling the pleasant fragrance of the food, he closed the hatch, then went to look for his crew.
Mounting the staircase, thoughts of how he’d masturbated while thinking of Kayla last night entered his mind. At first he’d thought about firing her, but what good would that have done? It wasn’t her fault that he couldn’t control his dying need to get inside her last night. 
Taking his precious time clambering up the stairs, he clung to the memory of how she’d looked in her bathing suit as he would to a life preserver in a stormy sea. Reminiscing, his balls tingled. It wasn’t Kayla’s fault he couldn’t stop thinking about her luscious body, no matter how hard he tried. She wasn’t the blame for his balls aching now just from thinking about her. Nope. Kayla had nothing to do with his inability to contain his emotions for her. From what he could tell thus far, she was a great nanny, and Isabelle absolutely adored her. Therefore, he was no longer firing her. 
In dire need of a hot shower, as he reached the top of the staircase he heard the children laughing. Entering Isabelle’s bedroom, his heart warmed when he spotted Kayla sitting on the floor reading a book to them. With her back to him and a book clutched in her hands, she peeped over the edge of the book, then leaned into the children as they sat across from her. “Do you want to know what happened next?” Her sensual voice made Richmond’s heart swirl with desire.
Shaking her head, Isabelle’s eyes spread wide. “Did the little girl die like my mommy?” Isabelle asked, breaking Richmond’s heart. 
CJ gasped. He slapped hard hands to his round, cute cheeks. “I don’t want her to die.”
Kayla tilted her head. “Guys. She didn’t die. She ran into the forest and found the prince. The two of them lived happily ever after. The end.” Kayla shut the book. “It’s time for dinner. Go wash your hands.”
When Richmond cleared his throat, Kayla glanced back over her shoulder and stood. Smiling, she shooed the children in the direction of the doorway. Running, they shot past him and headed downstairs. Gazing into Kayla’s lovely eyes, Richmond troubles regarding Salina seemed to subside. “How was your day?” 
“It was wonderful. And yours?”
Very disturbing. “Quite interesting.” 
“I hope you’re hungry, because I made dinner.”
Seeing Kayla’s eyes brighten in the pale light on the ceiling fan, Richmond felt his feelings for her intensifying. “The only thing I had for lunch today was a small tossed salad, so I’m good and hungry.” His stomach growled loud, and Kayla giggled. The way her soft laugh rolled off her sexy lips had his loins tingling. Wanting to kiss her soft looking mouth and make burning love to her fine body, he took a step forward, closing the distance. “How did Isabelle’s riding lessons go with her new coach to—” 
Snapping his mouth shut, his eyes honed in at the new picture on the dresser. Looking at the photo of Salina, Isabelle, and him on the dresser, his body tensed. Who in the hell had put the picture there without his damn permission? 
Kayla’s lips eased into a smile after she noticed he’d spotted the photo. “I had the photo made today. Isabelle wanted a picture of her mother—”
Richmond’s hand flew up in Kayla’s face, and her mouth zipped. He took slow strides toward the dresser. Fuming, he hefted the picture in his hand, then turned to face Kayla. “How dare you put a picture up of this woman in my daughter’s bedroom?”
“But I—I thought you’d like it.”
“Well, you thought wrong damnit!” Richmond slammed the frame into the dresser, and the glass shattered into a tiny million pieces. Damn, he’d cut his hand. Blood dripped from his skin onto the floor. 
Regret pulsed inside Kayla’s sad eyes. Her bottom lip folded. “I’m sorry to upset you. I didn’t mean any harm. I’ll go get a rag for your hand.”
Prickles of pain shot though his palm to his bloody fingers. He flung his injury and specks of blood stained the carpet. “I don’t need your help. You’re done for today. Feel free to go home. Now!”
Pinching her lips together, Kayla fisted her hips. Her brows dipped. “Well, thank you for liking the picture, Boss.” Rolling her eyes, she turned on her heels and stomped out of the room. 
Richmond hurried to the bathroom inside Isabelle’s room to wash his hurt hand. Rinsing the blood from his hand, he gave his head a hard shake. Damn woman. Putting a picture up of his deceitful wife, she had no right to do such a thing without consenting with him first, he thought, turning off the faucet. 
Standing in front of the mirror, looking at himself, regret for sending Kayla home before dinner pinched his gut. As angry as he was, his rod still turned hard while thinking about her. One minute Kayla had him turned on and sexually aroused, and the next minute she had him colder than ice. Yeah, she better leave before I fuck her while I’m mad. 


TUGGING CJ’S HAND, KAYLA ENTERED her home carrying a covered dish. If Richmond thought she was going to leave his house without fixing her and CJ a plate to go after she’d taken her precious time to cook it, then he was a damn fool! Ordering her to leave like he had; her employer had some nerve. 
Kayla lowered the plates of food covered with foil to the dinette table. “I can’t believe him,” she muttered, dropping her keys on the table. 
“Who, Mommy?”
Richmond Spaulding, that’s who! “Nobody, CJ.” She pulled a chair from beneath the table, picked up CJ, then lowered him into the seat. 
After fixing their drinks, she took a seat beside her loveable son and forked a piece of encrusted baked cod into her mouth. Ugh. Cold fish. She hated cold fish. Too tired and frustrated to warm it up, she hurried to eat it. Blasting Richmond out inside her head, she lifted the glass of water to her lips. 
CJ tapped her arm. “Mommy.”
Sipping the water, she lowered the drink to the table. “Yes.”
CJ’s lids drooped. “I wanted to eat with Isabelle.”
Me, too. “I know you did, but Mommy needed to get home so she could clean up and get you to bed early.”
CJ shrugged. “Okay. Can I watch Spiderman tonight?”
Her eyes traveled to the window. It was dark outside, and getting late. “Only for a little while.”
An hour later after Kayla put CJ to bed, she entered the bathroom to take a long, hot bath. Normally, she’d take a quick shower. But after the rotten afternoon she’d had involving Richmond, she needed to soak in a tub filled with hot water to get those hard knots out of her tensed shoulders. 
Looking in the mirror, she rolled her shirt over her head. Unbuttoning her jeans, she rolled them down her legs. Taking off her bra and panties, images of Richmond’s bare shaft entered her mind, causing a light giggle to flutter from her lips. She pressed the button on the radio tucked in the corner on the counter far away from the sink. Light, whimsical music floated from the speakers and filled the room. 
Sitting on the edge of the garden tub naked, she gripped the handle of the faucet, turned it on, and poured strawberry bubble bath under the drain. Once the tub got almost full, she turned the nozzle off and climbed inside. Sliding to her knees, the warm water felt incredible on her hips. She scooped up a handful of bubbles, smoothed them over her breasts, then slipped all the way into the warm water. 
Sitting on her tired rear with bubbles floating around her neck, she lolled her head back against the curb on the tub and sank further into the warm water. Inhaling the sweet flavor of the bubble bath and enjoying the feel of the hot water soaking into her flesh, Kayla closed her eyes. Mmm. The hot bath felt so good. All she needed to make it feel better was a man. But not just any man—Richmond. Richmond. Oh, fine Richmond. 
Seeing him naked had left a burning imprint on her. When she’d seen his bare erection yesterday while coming out of the closet of his room, he’d looked so big. Gigantic. His penis had to be at least ten or more inches. 
Getting heated from thinking about Richmond’s rod, Kayla’s tongue involuntarily glided over her lips. Keeping her eyes closed, she eased her hand over her hairy sex and spread her legs wide. Thinking about Richmond’s tool inserting her, using her fingers, she plucked at her tingling clitoris.
Ahhh, a light whimper cooed from her throat. Tweaking the hard bud repeatedly with her fingers, she moaned hoarsely. Oh, Richmond. He was probably so good in bed. His tongue looked long, like it’d lick her into a satisfying orgasm. 
Aroused out of her mind, need pooled in Kayla’s core. And she needed more. She needed something hard inside her. Opening her eyes, she pressed the button on tub and the jets came on. God. Hopefully, one day she’d find her a man and wouldn’t have to resort to masturbation so much, she thought, scooting on her behind closer to the jet. 
Needing to release the dull ache at her entrance, Kayla threw her legs up on the sides of the garden tub and arched her sex into the powerful jet stream. Water shooting at rapid speed shot between her opened legs, scraping her pea and her G-spot. 
Bucking against the stream of water sprouting from the powerful jet, her own husky grunts assailed her ears. Pulses throbbed at her sensitive nerve bundle. Nibbling her bottom lip, she reached between her legs and pinched her clitoris. Oh, this feels so good. I need this. I need Richmond to make love to me. His shaft was so long. The dark head of his erection was so plump. Intense pleasure shot through Kayla’s veins the closer she got to an orgasm. 


“YOUR DESTINATION IS ON THE right,” the voice on the GPS confirmed. Positioned behind the steering wheel of his Range Rover, Richmond pulled into the driveway of Kayla’s home and parked next to her red, raggedy truck. He felt absolutely lousy for the way he’d treated her earlier and definitely owed her an apology. Thank God his mother could watch Isabelle for a little while so he could make an appearance at her home and apologize face to face. 
Walking along the short length of the driveway toward the front porch, he wondered if maybe he should’ve just called instead of showing up uninvited like this. No, the apology needed to be handled in person and before she arrived at work tomorrow. After the way he’d behaved earlier, it wouldn’t surprise him if Kayla quit working for him. If she did, it’d devastate Isabelle. Hoping she wouldn’t quit on him, he cursed. I’ve got to make things right with Kayla. 
Anxious to apologize, Richmond mounted the steps to the porch. The worn wooden planks, in obvious need of urgent replacing, squeaked beneath his shoes. Standing on her porch, he pressed the button to the doorbell, but didn’t hear it ring. Perhaps it was broken. Waiting for Kayla to answer the door, flying wasps encircled the light bulb in the ceiling. Jeez, she sure was taking a long time to answer. 
Tired of waiting, he gripped the handle of the screen door, pulled it open, and pounded his fist on the front door. “Kayla. It’s me, Richmond. I need to talk to you—” The hard pounds from his balled fist caused the door to crack open. “Kayla.” He inched his head between the door and the frame and peeped around her living room. It was empty. “Kayla. It’s me, Richmond.”
When she didn’t answer, he became worried. He pushed the door all the way open, stepped over the threshold, and fully entered. “Anybody home?!” Remembering how Salina had been all alone when someone had entered his house and murdered her, his heart drummed inside his tight chest. 
Oh God. What if something had happened to Kayla? “Kayla!” Tidal waves of concern made him shudder. Instinctively, he hastened down the narrow hallway, rounded the corner, and ended up in what looked like a master bedroom. 
Standing in the center of the room, breathing raggedy, he heard moans coming from way of the bathroom. “Oh yes! Richmond!” Hearing his name, he hastened toward the bathroom and burst through the door. What he saw sent his pulse skyrocketing. 
Kayla’s eyes were closed. Her legs were up on the sides of the tub. Bucking her hips in the water while fondling her sex, she was screaming out his name, over and over. And I thought I was bad last night, Richmond thought, folding his arms across his chest while watching the show. 
When Kayla brought her breast up to her mouth and sucked her nipple, Richmond’s shaft turned harder than stone inside his pants. Keeping her eyes shut, she let her entire boob fall from her mouth. Moaning, she squeezed her eyes tighter and screamed his name. “Richmond!” 
Watching her cum, his heart took a perilous leap. “Yes, Kayla.”
Kayla’s eyes shot wide open. As her head snapped sideways to look at him, her mouth dropped wide open. Her cheeks flushed brownish-red. Shaking her head as if she’d seen a ghost, she dunked her head under the water. Water sloshed the side of the tub. 
Richmond ran over to the tub, stuck his hands into the water, grabbed her by the shoulders, and pulled her up. Blinking sporadically, she gulped. “Oh my God! You’re really here!” 
Raking his gaze up and down Kayla’s luscious, naked body, Richmond’s lips pulled into a grin. The dark nipples of her brown, perky breasts puckered tight. As his balls tightened with need, he lowered his gaze to her wet, hairy mound to find it saturated with bubbles. Bubbles he wanted to lick from her opening. “Yes, Kayla. I’m really here. I came here to apologize about how rude I was to you earlier today. However, if you’d like, I’d love to finish what you started.” His member ached inside his pants as it stretched a few inches. 
Frowning, she slapped his hands away from her shoulders and jumped out of the tub.  Obviously embarrassed because he’d walked in on her while she was masturbating to his face, Kayla snatched the towel from the rack and wrapped it tight around her body. “Did you ever think about ringing the doorbell?” Narrowing her eyes, she huffed, then folded her arms across her chest. 
“I did ring the doorbell.” Seeing how flustered she was, Richmond bit back on the chuckle threatening to erupt from his mouth. 
With her dripping hair matted to her head, she shrugged. “And?” Digging her nails into the white cotton towel, she jutted her chin and pouted. 
She has the most beautiful lips. Lips I want to devour. And suck ‘til they’re raw. “And I’m glad you didn’t answer.” Towering over her, he dropped his head, putting his lips close to hers. “Because if you had, I never would’ve known you wanted me just as much as I,” he swallowed, “want…you.” 





OH GOD, I FEEL SO ashamed. Heat rushed to Kayla's cheeks. Dropping her head, embarrassment engulfed her. Richmond put a finger under her chin, tilting her head back. “I'm so ashamed,” Kayla admitted, just above a whisper. 
Lust flared in Richmond’s chestnut brown pupils. “You have nothing to be ashamed of, Kayla. I’m hesitant to tell you this. However, last night, while I was taking a shower, I lifted my bathroom window and saw you standing in front of the Jacuzzi. You were wearing a fitted lavender bathing suit. The way the swimwear revealed the sexy curves of your body set my soul on fire. Watching you relax in my Jacuzzi made me burn and yearn. A hot longing for you threaded through my bones, and I couldn’t take it. Like you, I ended up self-pleasuring myself.”
Hearing him admit he’d masturbated while thinking of her did little to ease the shame she still felt. “You did?” She felt a lurch of excitement between her still burning legs. Oh my, she wanted him. Bad. So Bad. 
Drinking in his sexy gaze, she was totally entranced by his compelling personage. Richmond clutched her shoulders. “Yes, Kayla. I wanted to get between your legs and make wild, burning love to you last night. Just like I want to…right…now.” Electricity sparked his eyes, and his mouth crashed into hers. 
Moaning hoarsely, desire coursed through her veins as his firm lips glided over her mouth. She twined her arms behind the thick tendons of his neck. Fire shot to the dull ache between her legs. 
Groaning, Richmond thrashed his tongue past Kayla’s probing lips and curled his tongue with hers. Oh my. His tongue tasted heavenly, and minty. 
Threading his fingers through her wet hair, Richmond pressed his erection into her stomach and grinded it into her navel. Electricity surged through her. Kissing him feverishly, her hard nipples pressed against the cotton towel. 
Kneading her breast through the thick fibers of the towel, Richmond’s hand traveled beneath the cloth, then slinked up toward her tingly center. Moisture puddled at her clenching entrance in heady anticipation of him touching her there. 
Rubbing his thumb over her nether hairy lips, he inserted a finger in her opening and twirled. A sharp sigh spurted from her mouth. “You’re soaked. And ready for me,” he breathed the words into her mouth. 
Circling her hips, her walls clenched around his exploratory fingers, then sucked them in deeper. Pressing a hard thumb to her clitoris, his fingers pumped her vigorously, pushing her closer to the edge. He withdrew his fingers from her slick entrance to cup her hot face. No. No. No. Don’t stop. Please. 
Pinning her with a sexy stare, he jerked her off her feet, carried her to the sink, and placed her on the counter. He cupped her neck and pulled it forward. “You’re so beautiful. Touch me.” His invitation was a passionate challenge, hard to resist. 
As she unbuttoned his jeans, Kayla nervously bit her bottom lip. As he pulled his shirt over his head, she slowly lowered his zipper. Keeping his gentle eyes linked to hers, he rolled his jeans and underwear down his toned muscular legs, freeing his erection. 
Starting with his handsome face, Kayla’s eyes traveled down over the cut muscles of his rock solid chest, down his washboard abs, then paused. Oh, dear Lord. Her stomach had stretch marks on them from when she’d had CJ, she thought, ashamed of the permanent lines marking up her belly. She had to force the ugly image of her stretch marks from her mind so she could continue on with the fine man in front of her. 
Lowering her gaze to his swollen penis, Kayla gasped. Her skin prickled pleasurably. Veins bulged at the sides of his swollen, dark erection. A deep groove circled beneath the round, glorious head. Noticing slick pre-cum seeping from his slit, jittery sensations pressed at her core. Water filled her mouth. 
Kicking his jeans and underwear across the floor, arousal flickered inside his irises. Beholding his fiery gaze, she curled her fingers around his massive erection. His erection felt like a smoking pipe in her grip. Drawing in a deep breath, he tensed. “Oh, Richmond. I don’t know if we should do this.”
Running a callous hand up and down her arm, he admitted, “Me either. If you want, we can stop. I don’t want you to do anything you don’t want to, Kayla.” Trailing a finger down her cheek, he thrust his hips, causing his pole to vibrate in her grip. 
Rocking his hips back and forth, his plump mushroom head poked from the circular hole of her tight fist, then plunged back down, then popped back up again. Seeing his hard knob pop in and out of the circular opening of her squeezing fist, heat rushed her, made her wetter. Fluid slid from her entrance down between the crack of her butt.
“Do you want me to stop, Kayla?” His voice was velvet-edged and strong. Powerful. Deep.
Needing to feel Richmond buried deep inside her, Kayla mashed Richmond up and down in one hand and cupped his jaw with the other. Linking her eyes with his, shivers of delight rushed to her opening. “No, Richmond. I don’t want to stop. Make love to me. Please.” Craving him, she arched her sensitive breasts against her his bare, concrete chest. 
Richmond clenched her hips and scooted her to the edge of the counter. Placing his hand over the hand squeezing his erection, he guided his tool between her thighs and put the hard head to her entrance. She inhaled sharply at the contact. 
Locking his flickering gaze with hers, Richmond put his forehead to Kayla’s, clenched her bottom lip with his, and pushed. The circular knob of his shaft broke past the juncture of her wet opening, sending waves of ecstasy rushing through her system. Curling her hands around his shoulders, Kayla closed her eyes and let Richmond ride her. Please her. Fill her womb with his throbbing stem. Take her to heights she’d never known. 
Oh God. His strokes were so hard. Delicious. Incredible. 
Thrusting in and out of her, shivers rippled through her. Richmond yanked her from the counter into his arms. Slithering his tongue into her mouth, toting her, he stalked toward her bedroom, his throbbing erection never severed from her moist canal. 
Slowly circling her opening on his tool, wild passion burned inside Kayla. She rummaged her hands over the short strands of his hair. Whimpering breaths rushed from her lungs. She’d missed having a man inside her. Missed making love. Missed kissing so gentle, so tender. 
Standing at the foot of the bed, Richmond remained buried deep inside Kayla’s womb as they softly fell to the mattress, with her landing beneath him. Hovering over her, his rocking hips stilled. Richmond’s eyes smoldered with fire as his stem marinated in her hot juices. “You’re so beautiful.” He circled his hips. “Feel so incredible.” Driving into her, Richmond cupped Kayla’s left breast and brought it up to his mouth. 
Trailing his tongue around the circle of her areola, he pushed deeper. Drove harder. Sparks flew between them. Chemistry ignited them like magic. Flicking his tongue over her puckered nipple, she writhed beneath his built, masculine frame. 
This man knows he can make love. “Yes. Mmm. Ahhh.” Wrapping her legs around his waist, she reached between them and scraped her nails against the tough skin of his scrotum. A muffled groan wound from his mouth, pleasantly filling her ears, magnifying her excitement. 
“Damn, Kayla. You’re killing me. About to drain me. I want you to cum first.” Grunting, he pulled out of her just as she was about to explode. 
“Please, Richmond. Please don’t stop,” she begged, bucking against his column as it lay pulsing on her belly. Put it back in! 
Huddling over her, starting at her face, Richmond’s dark eyes glowed amber fire. “You want this?” he asked, sliding his cock between the wet folds of her quivering pussy lips. 
Kayla’s head nodded profusely. “Yes. I want it. Give it to me.” It’d been so long since a man had entered her, she didn’t mind pleading for what she wanted. What she needed. What she desperately craved. She didn’t mind going after what she felt like she deserved—him—Richmond. 
Fisting his tool, he traced her circular entrance with the tip of his engorged head. His eyes drank her up. “In due time, my sweet Kayla, I’ll give you this, but not now. I want to taste you first.” 
Yes, eat me, please. “Hurry.” So what she was begging?
Starting with her face, Richmond placed light kisses on her right cheek, then her left cheek. Teasing her with his long pink tongue, he licked a trail down her chin, laved the wet flesh down over her throat. Between the alcove of her tender breasts. 
Nipples tingling, belly clenching, toes curling, she felt herself about to cum—hard. 
Making his way further down her body, his tongue darted in and out of her belly button. Oh God, his tongue was torturing her. She needed to feel his flesh stroke the sensitive spot between her shaking legs. Her moist canal. 
Moaning, he kissed each and every stretch mark on her stomach like he loved them. This was the most beautiful she’d ever felt. As if he loved her, he dragged his tongue down between her legs and inserted it into her opening, finally soothing the dull ache. Like a feline cat, her back arched, and she fisted the cover.
Using his fingers, he spread her labia, pulled back on the hood of her sex, and flicked his tongue wildly over her clitoris. Wrapping her legs around his gyrating head as he feasted on her, she eased up on her elbows and slammed her thighs to the sides of his face, holding his bobbing head steady. 
Kayla’s heart pounded hard at the base of her throat as she watched him make love to her body with his talented tongue. Circling the tip of his tongue over her tingling nubbin, he inserted a finger inside her heat and twirled. Lolling her head back, she clenched her bottom lip with her teeth and glared at the ceiling. 
“You taste so good, Kayla,” he mouthed around her sex, scraping his finger over her G-spot. With her palms pressed flat on the mattress, she bucked against his face while still glaring up at the ceiling. Thin tears slid from the corners of Kayla’s eyes and ran down the sides of her face. 
Nearing an orgasm, pulses pushed at the underside of her lower belly. Digging her nails into the mattress with one hand, she palmed his motioning head with the other and pressed his face harder against her. Driving his fingers in and out of her, his sharp teeth raked against her clit. 
“Yes, Richmond. I’m cumming.” She shuddered. Eat me. Eat me. 
“I want you to explode on my tongue, Kayla” he said huskily, replacing his fingers with long strokes of his tongue. Slithering his tongue around in her channel, he pinched her bud. 
“Yes! Yes! Right there. Oooo.” Wails of pleasure erupted from her mouth as she exploded on his penetrating flesh. 
Richmond brought his head from between her damp thighs and slid up her body to capture her face. “Your lips felt like silk on my tongue. I can eat you all night.”
Her heart squeezed. She’d never cum so hard in all her freaking life. “I enjoyed you so much. I hope I can fulfill you like you did me.”
“Just being with you like this…you already have.” He hooked a hand under her thigh, gripped his tool, and slid between her soaked folds. As Richmond slid to the bottom of her, he stretched her walls. 
Stroking her slow and long, and deep, he lowered his chest to her breasts. Rotating his hips, he captured her lips and plowed his tongue inside her mouth. Oh baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. Feeling his heartbeat pound against the swell of her left breast, the head of his tool thrust at her G-spot. Every cell in her body caught fire. “Richmond!” Shivering, fluid spurted from her entrance, and she creamed his shaft. 







RICHMOND FELT MAGIC TRANSPIRE BETWEEN him and Kayla as he made sweet, tender love to her succulent body. Soaking up the soft glows of her pretty face with his heated stare, Kayla’s spunk spasmed around his tool, then clenched his steely erection tight. Curling her hips, she sucked him deep inside her like a vacuum. Fuck! His breath hitched. 
Draining him, her eyes sparkled. Gyrating her hips, she clutched his biceps. “You’re making me cum. Again.” Her voice caressed him like a silken cocoon. 
“Cum, Kayla. Cum on me like you came on my tongue.” Fire and desire spooned inside her irises. Driving in her, she looked so beautiful. Her long hair hung wildly over her shoulders. Her brown breasts perched firmly on her chest as they motioned side to side with every thrust he shoved up inside her. 
Exploding on him, the hard vibration of her canal rocked his stem. Milking him, she forced him to join her in the Earth-shattering climax. “You’re about to make my dick explode. Arrrgh!” Tensing, Richmond’s seed shot from his slit into her womb, filling her to the hilt. His body shuddered from the strong intensity of his release. 
Going still inside her, beads of sweat trickled down his back. With his hands pressed into the mattress at the sides of her head, he loved the way the glow of the moon seeping through the window cast a circle on her face. Wanting to stay connected to her forever, he pulled out of her channel and dropped to her side. 
Satisfied beyond measure, Richmond draped an arm on his forehead as he glared up at the ceiling. How in the hell had that happened? Oh yeah, he’d walked in on her playing with herself. Calling his name as she came. Inwardly smiling, Richmond rolled to his side and cradled Kayla in his arms. Nuzzling his nose in her still wet hair, his heart peeled open to receive joy. Passion. Understanding.  
Facing her, he pecked her lips. With her breasts to his chest, her lips curved into a smile. She ran a thumb across his lips, and ah, that stoked a fire in him. 
Kayla looked more delicate than ever lying in bed next to him. She smiled at him with her eyes. “In a million years, I couldn’t have predicted I’d end up in bed with my employer.”
Richmond chuckled. “Do you have any regrets?”
She parted her generously curved lips to say, “No.”
“Me either.” It’d been so long since he’d made love to a woman, and truth be told, he needed what Kayla had just given him—hot, good sex. But what he’d experienced with her wasn’t just sex; it was so much more. That, he was sure of. What it’d lead to? Now that, he didn’t know. He cupped her ear. “I hate to leave so soon after a fabulous night, but my mother is watching Isabelle, and I have to go pick her up.”
She placed a hand to his chest. “Although I wish you could spend the night, I understand.”
“Thanks for understanding. I’ll make it up to you, if you’ll let me.”
“You don’t have to make it up to me. I truly understand.”
“I know I don’t have to, but I want to. There’s a party at the stables tomorrow. If you want, you can bring CJ. Isabelle will be there.”
“I think I’m going to take you up on your offer.”
Still cupping Kayla’s ear, Richmond kissed her mouth. Wishing he could spend the night with her, he clambered out of bed and headed to the bathroom to get his clothing. Kayla followed him. 
Gazing at her reflection in the mirror as she shrugged her arms through the sleeves of her robe, his shaft hardened. Wanting to make love to her again, he fought hard to keep his hands to himself and not let them roam all over her naked body beneath the pink robe. 
Feeling his tool lengthening inside his underwear, he rolled his jeans up over his hips, buttoned them, then put on his shirt. Wow. Sex with Kayla had been incredible. He already knew he could never get enough of the woman standing by him. His dear, sweet Kayla. 
“Mommy! Mommy!” CJ ran inside the bathroom screaming. Thank God he didn’t catch them making love.
Kayla stooped in front of CJ and cupped his tiny little arms. “What’s wrong, CJ?”
He yawned. “I had a bad dream,” he said, rubbing his eye. “The monster ate Spiderman.”
Richmond hefted CJ in his arms. “That was some dream you had, fella. There’s no such thing as monsters, so don’t be scared. Okay?” CJ nodded. Richmond continued. “Your mother has agreed to take you to a birthday party tomorrow, so if you want to go, you better get back to bed and get some sleep. Okay?”
CJ nodded. “Okay.”
“Where’s your room?” CJ pointed toward the hallway. Carrying the precious child in his arms, Richmond walked down the narrow hallway and turned into his room. Kayla stood behind him, peeking at her son over his shoulder. Glad he could tuck CJ in his bed, he laid the toddler on the ruffled linen, pulled the covers up to his chin, and fist bumped his knuckles. “Goodnight, sport.”
“Why are you here?” CJ was such a precocious little kid. 
Stunned by CJ’s frank question, Richmond quickly replied, “I came to see if you and your mommy were okay.” His honest admission reminded him that he really hadn’t apologized to Kayla the way he should have. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Now sleep tight.” 
Kayla led him down the hallway. Stopping at the front door, he shoved his hands in his pockets. “I’m sorry for the way I treated you earlier. You didn’t deserve that. Thank you.”
“For what?”
Still pissed at Salina, he fought to say the words, “For getting Isabelle a picture of her mother to put inside her room.” Just because he had issues with Salina didn’t mean that Isabelle should be denied the right to love her deceased mother. Yes. Even though she was dead, it was important that Isabelle knew how much her mother had loved her. 
“You’re welcome. What time is the party tomorrow?”
“Three o’clock.” Richmond kissed Kayla’s nose, grasped the doorknob, and exited through the front door. Walking the length of the short driveway, he glanced back over his shoulder to find Kayla standing in the doorway, watching him leave. Pulling open the door to his SUV, he felt ten years younger, and so much lighter. 


SATURDAY MORNING ARRIVED WITH THE sun shining brightly over Kayla’s home. Lying on her side beneath the warm comforter, looking out the window at the trees in her back yard, the red-bellied woodpecker flew across her backyard and landed on the window pane. Listening to the bird peck its beak against the window, a smile crept over her face. Peck. Peck. Peck. 
That Richmond had been something else last night. He’d explored her body and had taken her to heights she’d never known existed. Had pleasured her over and over. She’d never had so many orgasms in one single night. Thinking about how his tongue had licked her stretch marks, her heart squeezed. He’d acted as if she were the finest woman in the world last night. Well, let’s see how he behaved when she saw him at the party later on today. 
Joy bubbled inside her heart. I can’t wait to see Richmond. Ready to get her long day started, she flung the covers off her and climbed out of bed. After she freshened up, she headed for CJ’s room. On her way there, walking barefoot down the hallway, she pulled the elastic band from her wrist and tied her hair into a high bun on top of her head. 
Standing over CJ’s bed while he slept, she decided she’d wake him after she made some breakfast. Tuning on her heels, she treaded to the kitchen, placed a small frying pan on the stove, and clicked the temperature to medium. In the mood for a cheesy bacon omelet, she pulled open the refrigerator, grabbed a carton of eggs, and placed them on the counter next to the sink. 
Desiring to get some fresh air, she hefted the window above the sink, then footed into the living room to open her front door. Peering out the screen door smiling, she waved at her neighbor. “Good morning, Betsie Mae.”
“Morning, Kayla.” Betsie Mae walked over to the fence. “Saw you had company last night.”
You don’t miss a thing around here, do you? “Yes. A friend of mine came to visit me.”
“That was a mighty fine friend that came to see you last night. If you don’t mind me asking, just exactly what kind of friend was he?”
Kayla laughed. “He’s a special friend. He’s also my boss.”
“That’s who you work for? I’m in my late sixties, and I’ve never had a boss that fine. No boss of mine has ever visited me that time of night either.” Laughing, she waved her hand. “Well, chile, I done heard it all. I’m gon’ come over there later so you can tell me all about him and just how special he is to you.”
Kayla snickered. “Okay. I look forward to seeing you later.” 
Whipping the eggs inside a white ceramic bowl with a fork, she stood over the sink, gazing out the window. Mmmph. Richmond’s penis is so huge. Way bigger than Carson’s. 
Speaking of Carson, that jerk was late with her money for CJ again. All he had to pay was five hundred dollars a month. Two hundred fifty dollars every other week. Carson’s gross salary was one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. He earned plenty of money to help her take care of their son. Apparently, he just loved for her to beg. Well, no more. From this day forward, she wasn’t going to pick up the phone and ask him for one brown penny. 
Shaking her head, Kayla said, “Mercy. Mercy. I need to put him on child support like yesterday.”  Trying to force Carson out of her mind, holding the bowl in her hands, she walked over to the stove and poured the egg mixture in the hot, oiled skillet. She added bacon crumbles, loaded it with sharp cheddar cheese, then gripping the handle of the skillet, she flipped the omelet. 
“Mmm. Something smells delicious.” At the sound of the bass voice at her front door, Kayla whirled. Dismayed, her lips crinkled. Jason stood on the other side of her screen with a brown paper bag in his hand. “Good morning, Kayla.”
A huge, phony smile spread across Kayla’s face as she looked at Jason. “Good morning.” Wearing a thin white tank top and a pair of Daisy Duke shorts, she contemplated on whether or not to let him in. Pushing the screen door open, she felt squeamish. “I’m surprised to see you this morning.” Darn, she wished Jason would’ve called first. You wouldn’t have had a problem if it’d been Richmond showing up without calling first! her conscious screamed. “Come in.”
Jason stepped over the threshold. “I hope you don’t mind me showing up like this, but my godmother lives right down the street there, so after I left her house, I thought I’d pay you a visit. Come by here to see how you’re doing.”  
After the way your boss made love to me last night, I’m doing absolutely wonderful. “I’m doing quite well.” 
Jason held the brown bag up in her face. “Fresh bagels, with assorted cream cheeses.”
Trying to think positive about him, she licked her lips. “Mmm. I can always eat a fresh bagel.”  
“Mind if I join you for breakfast?”
As a matter of fact, I do. Kayla gave Jason another fake smile. “No. That’s fine.” Darn it. Why did she always have such a hard time telling men how she felt for fear of hurting their feelings? Sooner or later, she was going to have to learn how to put herself first. 
Several minutes later, wishing Richmond was there instead of Jason, she lowered a platter with three omelets to the center of the table. After she woke up CJ, the three of them sat at the dining table and had breakfast together. Lust flared in Jason’s blue eyes as he sat across from her, forking the omelet in his mouth. “You make a damn good omelet, Kayla.”
“Thanks.” Feeling awkward, Kayla lifted her glass to her mouth and sipped at the sweet orange juice. This is the first and last time I’m having breakfast with him. Sandella had told her she’d overheard him talking about her at SugarKanes with his friends. That known, the last thing she needed was for him to misinterpret their relationship. She didn’t need Jason getting the wrong impression about them or how she truly felt while in his presence. Eerie. Strange. Uncomfortable. Hopefully she wasn’t being judgmental, because that was the last thing she wanted to do to anyone. 
“Driving up here, I noticed your grass needs cutting. It’s quite high.”
“I’ve been so busy working, I haven’t had time to take care of it.”
“Well, I don’t have any plans today. I can cut it for you, if you’d like.”
Too broke to pay him, she shook her head. “Thanks, but I don’t have any money to pay you for the service.”
She thought she saw a gleam of interest for her in his eyes. “Oh, I’m not asking you to pay me to do it. It’d be on the house.”
“No. I couldn’t ask you to do it for free.”
“You’re not asking. I’m volunteering. How about this? Let’s just say I’ll do it in exchange for the delicious omelet you made me?” Jason suggested. 
Knowing she could use an extra helping hand around the house, Kayla contemplated her answer. Trying to think positive about Jason, she nodded. “I’m going to take you up on your offer.”
“Good. Where’s your garage?” he asked, scooting his chair back. 
Kayla stood, walked over to the side door, and pulled it open. Hitting the button to lift the garage door, she pointed to the dark corner. “The lawnmower is over there.” Jason rounded her, then dismounted the steps of her garage. “Let me know if you need anything.”
“Other than a glass of cold water, I won’t be needing anything.” 
“I’ll leave the water for you on the counter. Thanks for your help.”
His eyes moved up and down her body; they seemed to undress her. Dear Lord. Hopefully, she was reading him wrong. “Ah, cutting your grass is no problem at all, Kayla. None whatsoever. Gosh, you’re so pretty.”
Folding her arms over her breasts, she cringed. She’d never been the type of girl to take compliments well. “Thanks.”
Standing behind her, CJ yanked on her shorts. She turned to face him. “Mommy, how come everybody keeps coming to see us?”
Smiling, Kayla shrugged. “I guess because you’re so adorable. And they just love coming to see you.”
Frowning, CJ’s lips folded under. “Not everybody, Mommy. Not Daddy.”
Kayla’s heart crumbled. “Your daddy loves you, CJ. He’s just so busy. As soon as he gets time off work, I’m sure he’ll come visit you.”
CJ huffed. “Why can’t we go see him, Mommy?”
Oh, geez. The kid had some great questions that Kayla wasn’t prepared to answer. “I tell you what. I’ll check with your daddy to see when his next day off is. If he gets some free time, I’ll take you to Charlotte to see him.” 
CJ threw a fist in the air. “Yay! Thank you, Mommy!”
“You’re welcome. Now go clean up your room and brush your teeth.” CJ took off running. “No running in the house, CJ.” The last thing she needed was for his rough behind to fall and break his arm again. Even worse, his leg. 
Churning sounds of the lawnmower made its way inside the house. Kayla walked over to the sink and gazed out the window at Jason as she washed the dishes. Shirtless, Jason pushed the lawnmower across the high, slender grass, cutting it. Appearing like he took pride in being a handyman, the hot sun drenched his toned torso. Maybe he’s not that bad after all. I need to get over myself. Jason was just giving me a friendly compliment while at SugarKanes and today. I’m sure he doesn’t want me. But then again, I’d thought the same thing about Richmond. And boy am I glad I was dead wrong. 
Done washing the dishes, Kayla headed to her room to make the bed and clean up her crowded closet. Inside the closet, her hands floundered over the hangers over her shirts, making the clothes sway. Perhaps she’d put her summer clothes in the attic and keep her fall and winter clothes in here. Needing more space, yeah, that’s what she’d do. 
She grabbed handfuls of her summer clothing, took them to the garage, and then returned to the closet to do the same thing again. Clearing out all her summer clothing, she decided to get rid of the wooden chipped shoe shelves that her grandfather had had ever since she was a little girl. Maybe later on today after the birthday party, she’d run to Walmart and get some new ones. 
Gripping the sides of the wooden shoe shelf placed in the corner, she lifted it. Her eyes drifted toward the floor. What in the world is that? Staring at what looked like a secret safe placed deep inside the wall, she lowered the shelf to the ground by her side, then got down on her knees. Wondering what was inside the small vault, she yanked on the handle, but it was locked. 
His keys. Maybe the key to this lock is on his keychain. Anxious to see what was inside the secret safe, Kayla hopped to her feet, ran inside her bedroom, and retrieved her grandfather’s old keys from her nightstand. Thank goodness she’d held on to them. 
Back on her knees inside the closet, Kayla inserted the smallest key on the keychain into the tiny lock, turned–and voila, it clicked open. A black medical bag sat alone inside the safe. This must be Grandpa’s medical bag from college. Or the one he used while practicing natural medicine around town. 
Back in the day, her grandfather, Leroy Van Buren, had gone to medical school to become a general physician. However, unfortunately, while studying for the boards to get his license, her grandmother, Priscilla, had taken ill with lung cancer. After her grandmother died, Leroy never recovered from her loss. He never tried to take the medical board exam and decided to make doctor house visits around Hilton Head Island instead. 
Guess that was the best he could do. Proud of her grandfather’s attempt to be a real, licensed physician, Kayla reached inside the safe for the medical bag and sat it in her lap. Unzipping the medical bag, warm thoughts of her grandfather entered her mind. I bet if Grandma wouldn’t have gotten ill, Grandpa would’ve been the best darn doctor that Hilton Head Island has ever seen. 
Inside the medical bag lay an envelope. Holding the envelope in her hands, Kayla ran a sharp fingernail beneath the sealed flap, slicing it open. Reaching inside the envelope, something sharp pricked her finger. “Ouch.”
Kayla extracted a syringe from the envelope, and what she found along with it made her heart spiral wildly out of control. Gasping for air, holding a picture of a beautiful woman in her hands, her eyes kept blinking repeatedly and her hands kept shaking violently. Gripping a picture of Richmond’s deceased wife, Salina, stress tightened Kayla’s chest. Why would Grandpa have a picture of Richmond’s wife, Salina? Oh, God no. He wouldn’t. He didn’t. Please don’t tell me Grandpa killed Salina. 
A tall shadow suddenly appeared in the doorway of her closet. Kayla jumped. Starting with Jason’s tennis shoes covered in grass, her eyes slowly climbed up his long body. She quickly put her hands behind her back. 
The sun had turned Jason’s face beet red. “I’m done cutting the grass.”
Offering him a phony smile, her lips quivered. “Thank you. I appreciate it.”
Jason’s brows scrunched. “Was that a picture of Salina I saw you holding?”
Keeping her hands behind her back, Kayla stood. Jason smelled musky. “Of course not. Why would I have a picture of Salina?”
Suddenly, Jason’s light blue eyes grew wild. He stalked further inside the closet and glowered down at her. “Look, Kayla. I’m going to assume you’re telling me the truth about the picture you’re obviously hiding behind your back. But please note, if you’re lying, and the picture you’re holding is of Salina,” his Adam’s apple bobbled up and down in his throat, and his eyes narrowed and grew colder, “for you and your son’s safety, let me suggest that you keep your mouth closed about it. Because if you don’t…all hell is going to break loose on this here fucking island.” Jason’s grim words stung her ears as he coldly turned and stalked away. 






CHILDREN JUMPED INSIDE THE INFLATABLE princess bounce house. Ponies toting children on their backs walked around the trail inside the white picket gate. Colorful balloons tied with long strings on the fence swayed in the gentle wind. 
Watching the children have a marvelous time, Leslie’s hands curled around the fence as she turned to face her oldest son, Richmond. “The weather is perfect for a party.”
Excitedly anticipating Kayla’s arrival, Richmond agreed with his mother. “Yes, it is.”
Such a wonderful grandmother, Leslie blew Isabelle a kiss as she rode the pony for the third time this afternoon. “Call me crazy, but you look better.”
He cocked a brow. “How so?”
Leslie shrugged. “I don’t know.” Her eyes roamed over his face. “You don’t seem so tense today. Don’t look as stressed as you normally do. Are you involved with someone?”
He was that obvious, huh? Tossing back his head, he laughed. He had one person to thank for the good mood he was in—Kayla. One night in bed with the beautiful woman had him spent. Thriving. Alive. And she had him craving for more of her. “I wouldn’t use the word involved. But since you asked, I will admit, I do have a special interest in someone.”
Leslie’s face brightened with a big smile. “I know how private you are, so I won’t ask who. Just know I’m happy for you.” She patted his back affectionately. “To make you look this good, she must surely be special.”
Only time will tell. “I think she is,” Richmond confirmed. 
Enjoying the birthday, Isabelle hopped down off the pony and ran straight into her grandmother’s open arms. Leslie lifted her off her feet and bestowed her with a kiss on the cheek. “Is Grandma’s baby having a good time?”
“Yes.” Isabelle peeked over her shoulder at him. “Daddy, where’s CJ?” 
“I don’t know, Pumpkin. He should be here any—”
Isabelle pointed toward the parking lot. “There he is!” she screeched as his mother lowered her to the ground. Before Richmond could turn around, she’d scurried toward Kayla and CJ as they made their way toward him. Isabelle practically jumped in Kayla’s arms the moment she reached her. Ecstatic, she wrapped her arms around Kayla’s neck. 
With Isabelle perched on her hip, Kayla sashayed across the emerald lawn and headed in their direction. As always, Kayla looked stunning. Even from where he stood, he could see the red, long flowing dress she had on fit her body like a second skin. Halfway there, Kayla placed Isabelle’s feet on the ground. His little Pumpkin grabbed CJ’s hand, and the two of them skipped towards the princess castle bounce house. 
Keeping her eyes on Kayla as she walked their way, his mother said, “Please don’t tell me that’s your nanny.”
“That’s her, all right.”
“Never mind telling me who your new interest is; I can see it for myself.” Leslie’s voice was full of surprise. 
“Hi,” Kayla said, coming to a stop in front of them. Sweet perfume streamed from her body up into his nose. She smelled delicious. Delicious enough to devour. 
Richmond politely made the introductions between his mother and his new love interest. “Mom, Kayla. Kayla, this is my mother, Leslie.”
Leslie extended her hands to Kayla, and she shook it. “Nice meeting you, Leslie,” Kayla said, smiling prettily. 
His mother’s eyes rolled over Kayla’s entirety. “I’ve never seen a nanny as pretty as you.”
Continuing to smile, Kayla replied, “Thank you. You’re very pretty yourself.”
“Why, thank you. I appreciate the compliment. Too bad my ex-husband, Russell, couldn’t see what he had.”
Richmond interjected, “Oh boy, here we go.” 
Scrunching her face, Leslie shrugged. “What? It’s the truth, and you know it. Kayla, my ex-husband, Russell Spaulding, has a thing for young girls, so you be careful around him, with his nasty self. Okay?”
“Yes, ma’am.” Richmond joined Kayla in her hearty laughter. 
“Well, I’m going to go on and head home. Kayla, if you’re not doing anything tomorrow, I’d love to have you over to my house for a nice Sunday dinner. Feel free to bring your son, too. Before you answer, please be warned, there will be a bunch of us there—Richmond, Suade, Zeke, and yes, that damn Russell. I’m going to invite Sandella and Braylon, too. Maybe Drake and Willa will come also.”
Kayla looked at Richmond as if she wanted him to answer for her. Ah, she didn’t want to overstep her boundaries. “She cooks a delicious roast,” Richmond told Kayla. 
Leslie put her hands on her hips and nodded. “Yes, I do. But I’m not cooking that tomorrow.”
“Sure, I’ll be there. Thank you so much, Leslie, for the invite.”
Leslie fanned her hand in the air. “It’s my pleasure. Oh yeah, tell your father if he’s bringing that hussy Gina, then he needs to stay home. That young girl chews with her mouth open, and it drives me stupid in the head. Y’all have a good day now.” 
Kayla broke into sweet laughter. Once Leslie got halfway to her car, the tight lines in Kayla’s face relaxed. “She’s so nice. Did you tell her about us?”
“Not exactly. She figured it out.”
“Oh. I thought so.”
“Does it bother you that my mother knows about us?” he wondered. 
Shaking her head, her hair gently brushed her face. “No. Not at all.” 
 Being so close to Kayla had his stony jewels aching. “I’m glad you could make it today. Isabelle was just asking about you right before you arrived.”
“CJ was super excited about coming. Even if I wanted to renege, he wouldn’t have let me.” Her gaze left his face to observe CJ jumping up and down inside the bounce house with Isabelle and a whole bunch of other children. 
Speaking of super excited, Richmond was thrilled to see Kayla. Mentally visualizing how he’d trailed his tongue over her dark nipples last night, he groaned inwardly. Damn, she drove him wild. Made him want to take her into the woods, spread her legs wide, and make love to her while her back pressed gently into the bark of a tree. 
Remembering how her drenched sex had tasted salty on his probing tongue, he flinched. “Would you like to go for a horseback ride?”
“Sure. But what about the kids?”
Richmond pulled his cell out of his pocket and dialed Chelsey. “Hi, Chelsey. I’m going for a ride. Will you please do me a favor and watch Isabelle and CJ for me?”
“Sure, Boss. No problem.” 
“Thanks, Chelsey.” He ended the call. “It’s set. Chelsey will watch them for us. Come with me to the stable.” Bypassing the clown juggling colorful jugs, his heart expanded in his chest. Glee filled him. He hadn’t felt this damn good since before Salina had died. And now with everything going on, not knowing if he could trust Jason or not, he was glad to have someone like Kayla in his life. 
Kayla’s nose wrinkled from the wild animal stench when they entered the stable. Stacks of yellow hay sat in various corners of the stables. With several stalls to the left and an equal amount to the right, her eyes wandered over the equipment and the loft above. 
Passing several well-bred horses, Richmond explained what each individual one meant to him. He stopped in front of the stall of his most expensive stallion on the grounds. “This high dressage stallion’s name is Lord Balfour. He has an overload of performance genes. Lord Balfour has over twenty approved offspring, who have proven themselves by winning foal shows and championships. While Lord Balfour himself is known for his trademark and talented dance moves, he belongs to a wealthy gentleman by the name of Colton Balfour. He’s one of the richest men on Hilton Head Island. Actually, he’s Zeke’s father.”
“Oh, Okay. What does this Colton Balfour do for a living?”
“Colton owns several of the resorts here. He’s also into real estate and pharmaceuticals.”
“Wow. A man of many talents.” His name must have registered inside her head because a light went off in her eyes. “The day I met with Sandella at the park, I passed by his hotel on the ocean. It looked rather fancy.”
“It is. I’ll have to take you there one day. Maybe we can spend the night and have a romantic evening at Mr. Balfour’s Resort.”
Blushing over the idea, her cheeks colored. “I’d like that. But considering you have a nice home, that’d be a waste of money.”
“My home is just okay.” Finding his wife poisoned in their bed, his home hadn’t been the same since. So much so, he often thought about renovating his tiny home on the ocean so he could move in it. Gloom threatened to press its way inside his soul as he briefly thought about Salina, but he’d be damned if he let it steal his joy while with Kayla. 
Kayla’s eyes combed over Lord Balfour’s black, shiny coat. “If you don’t mind me asking, how much does a horse like this cost?”
“One point six million dollars.”
Kayla’s eyes grew large. “On point six million dollars?! I can do a lot with that kind of money.”
If his feelings for her were any indication of what their future may be, she just may have that kind of money one day, after he married her. What the hell? Surprised by his own thoughts, he cursed inside his head. Of course, he liked Kayla. Liked her a whole lot. But it’d be a cold, very cold day before he ever married again. Salina had taught him a valuable lesson—trust no woman. “Would you like to touch him?”
Her eyes looked dreamy. “Can I?”
“Yes.” Richmond opened the door of the stall and led her inside. 
Standing behind her with his chest pressed to her spine, he gently grabbed her wrist and brought her hand up to Lord Balfour’s back. As he guided Kayla’s hand over the horse’s thick, shiny coat, he dropped his lips to the crook of her neck and kissed her. Her body flinched. I can’t wait to get inside her again. 
Her shoulders motioning up and down, Richmond could tell he’d stoked a burning fire inside Kayla. Her hand stilled on the horse’s strong back. Desiring to taste her lips, he cupped the balls of her shoulders and turned her around to face him. His lips came down quick on hers. 
Nibbling and sucking the plump flesh of her mouth, he growled. Heat radiated through his veins. Need clawed at his gut. As much as he didn’t want to, he tore his mouth from hers, grabbed her hand, and hastened toward the stall towards his own personal favorite horse. 
Shaft throbbing inside his jeans, he burst inside the stall where his Irish Thoroughbred, Mystic Night, was. Mystic Night was worth hundreds of thousands of dollars, but unless a person knew horses, they’d have no clue she was so expensive. 
Ready to take Kayla for the ride of a lifetime, he pulled on Mystic’s reign and led her to the doorway opposite where the party took place. On the other side of the stall, where it was nice and quiet, Richmond stuck his foot in the stirrup and clambered on top of the saddle covering Mystic’s back. Glancing down at Kayla, he reached for her hand. She hiked her dress up to her hips and climbed aboard behind him. 
Turning his vision to the stall on his left, he pointed to his other favorite horse. “That’s Gypsy Rose, the pregnant horse I was telling you about.”
Kayla glanced at Gypsy Rose. “Her belly is huge. I hope I get to see her deliver.” 
“Me, too. It’d be quite an experience. Wrap your arms around my waist.” Leaning into his back, she circled her arms around his waist and squeezed him tight. “Hold on. Let’s go, Mystic!” He yanked on the reign, and Mystic galloped into the forest. 


KAYLA’S BUTT BOUNCED UP AND down on the saddle as Mystic cantered through the woods behind the equestrian. Holding on tight to Richmond, her hair tussled in the wind. Her nipples hardened against his back in response to the feel of hugging his large, manly physique. Having learned so much about the history of his horses, she had an even greater respect for what he did at the Equestrian. Her hope was that one day she’d get to see one born right before her eyes. Now that would be great. 
“Where are we going?” she wondered as Mystic cantered through the woods. 
“You’ll see in a second!” Richmond shouted over his shoulder. 
Darting through the thick forest, Mystic galloped along a dirt trail, her hooves grinding in the dirt. Desiring to reach down between Richmond legs and grip his shaft, a disturbing thought suddenly rushed inside Kayla’s head at a rapid rate, making her remember something she so wanted to forget. Trying to enjoy one of the best times of her life with Richmond, she couldn’t help but wonder if her grandfather had killed Richmond’s wife, Salina. 
Dear Lord, please don’t let that be the case. If her grandfather killed Salina, the mother of precious Isabelle, she’d never be able to forgive Leroy Van Buren for such a hideous crime. And Richmond, well, he’d probably hate her just because she was related to him. Why’d she have to find that darn hidden safe? Why? Why’d she have to find the syringe and the picture of Salina? And why did Jason tell her to keep her mouth shut about it?
Oak trees, leaves, and grass permeated the surrounding air as Mystic continued on her destination. 
Riding Mystic’s back, her eyes darted around the forest in frustration. Her grandfather, Leroy Van Buren, was not a murderer. He didn’t have a vicious bone in his body. But then again, the night he’d called her, right before he’d died in that horrible car crash, he’d said he had something important to tell her. Could it be possible that he wanted to tell her he’d made a house visit to Richmond’s house and had murdered his wife? Lord have mercy, please say it wasn’t so. Disappointment pushed at her insides as she wrestled with the unfathomable idea. 
“We’re here.” Richmond yanked on Mystic’s reign, bringing her to a slow stop in front of a small, quaint house off the ocean. He climbed down off the horse first, extended his arms to her, then eased her from the horse to stand on the ground. Tying Mystic’s reign to the tree while gazing at the beach home, solitude filled Richmond’s eyes. “Welcome to my other home. This is where I come to get away from things. To relax and think.” 
She surveyed the nice oceanfront home surrounded by dense forestry. “It’s beautiful, Richmond. I like it.” 
“Let me show you the inside.” 
Falling in step beside him as he made his way toward the white, one story home, salty scents rolled off the waves of the white sandy beach glistening behind the small house and sailed inside her nostrils. Although the home was half the size of his estate on Spaulding Drive, she loved the cozy, gentle feel it offered. 
Richmond turned the key in the lock, stepped to the side, and allowed Kayla to enter before him. Closing the door behind them, he put a hand on her back and steered her in the direction of the living room, which merged into a small, relaxing den. Other than a white sofa pressed against the wall and an ocean blue chair by the window, there wasn’t much furniture inside the house. 
A cold chill ran over her as she fought hard to forget about the picture she’d found of Salina. Feeling guilty for not telling Richmond about it, she shivered. Glancing out the floor to ceiling bay windows, she crossed the room to stare at the ocean. Encircling her arms around her waist, Richmond came and stood behind her. His nearness sent chills through her body. The kind of chills that made her want to turn around and kiss him. 
Waves crashed against the edges of the sand, then rolled back into the mouth of the wide blue sea. “The view is breathtaking.” Richmond hooked his hands into her shoulders and began massaging her tensed muscles. Oh, his rotating hands smoothing out the kinks in her shoulders felt heavenly.
“I love the view, too. I bought this home many years ago, with the intention of selling it to the highest bidder. But as the years went on, it kind of became my man cave. Sometimes the fellas and I come here to play cards, drink, and watch sports. At one point, I even tried to convince Salina that we should move in here, but she said it was too small. She liked homes with a lot of space.” 
“This would be plenty of space for me. Actually, I could go even smaller because it’s just CJ and me. What it doesn’t offer in size, it makes up in view, and location.” She looked to the right of the beach, then to the left. “Are there any more houses out here?”
“There’s another house about a mile down the road. Are you up for taking a walk on the ocean?”
She nodded. “Yes.” 
Richmond pulled open the sliding glass door, walked through the closed-in patio, then grabbing her hand, they walked toward the water. Tell him about the syringe and the photo, her conscious nagged. No. She couldn’t tell him, at least not right now. Jason had said that if she opened her mouth, her life and CJ’s life would be in jeopardy. 
Walking hand in hand with Richmond, deep concern for her safety made her stomach clench. “What are you thinking about?”
“I’m thinking about how I’d love to come home to a place like this every day. What are you thinking about?”
Gripping her hand tighter, Richmond glanced sideways at her and kissed her with his chestnut colored eyes. “I’m thinking about how we made love last night. I really enjoyed being with you in that manner. So much so,” he paused in his tracks and cupped her neck, “I’m looking forward to doing it again.” Pulling her neck forward, his mouth covered hers hungrily. 
His demanding lips caressed hers as the soft breeze rolling off the ocean sailed over her scalp. Tonguing her with reckless abandon, she felt his shaft stiffen on her belly. Your grandfather killed his wife, Kayla! Tell him! Now! Unable to get Salina and her grandfather off her mind, she broke their smoldering kiss. “Richmond, there’s something—”
“I haven’t felt this strong about a woman in a long time. You’ve opened up a part of me I thought was forever closed. And right now, I don’t want to talk. All I want to do is be inside of you.”
Kayla’s sex throbbed inside her panties. “I want the same thing, Richmond.” 
Richmond tugged Kayla’s hand, and the two them jogged down the beach back toward the house like two wild, horny teenagers. 






RICHMOND FLUNG OPEN THE BACK sliding glass door to his oceanfront home. Cupping Kayla’s hand, he hastened over to the white sofa against the wall. With the back of her knees touching the cushion, he thrust his tongue inside her mouth and kissed her erotically. 
Deep groans rattled around inside his chest as their tongues twined. Hard as a rock against her belly, he hiked her dress up to her hips, edged her panties to the side, and inserted two fingers inside her hot sex. Kayla moaned harshly against his ravishing mouth. 
Curling his finger over her nerves, his rod surprisingly turned harder as it glided against her navel. “You’re so slick. I’m dying to feel you on my shaft.” 
Recapturing her mouth, he pulled her dress up over her head, tossing it to the floor. Unsnapping the front of her black lace bra, her boobs spilled into his hands. Squeezing the tender flesh, he flicked a thumb over her taut nipple. A cry laden with hunger rolled off her tongue. The lips of her labia flared. Need pulsated at her wet circle. He needed to hurry up and get inside her. 
Pleasure radiated outward as her fingers flailed wildly at the button on his jeans. As she worked fast to lower his zipper, he continued pressing his finger up inside her channel. “Hurry. Hurry,” she breathed lightly, between parted lips. Her desperate need for him was urgent. Strong.
Honing in on each other’s eyes, he removed his jeans as she slid down her underwear. Both naked, the lust in his eyes beckoned her to touch him. She fisted his erection and yanked. A sharp breath shot from his mouth. 
Richmond dropped to his knees, spread Kayla’s sex with his fingers, and slid his tongue up inside her. His silky tongue dabbed between her clenching walls, making her legs turn to plastic. Her knees buckled, and if he hadn’t clenched her hips right at that moment, she would’ve fallen. To steady herself, she cupped the sides of his head and rocked her clitoris against his thick tongue. 
Peering down at him as he feasted between her quaking legs, her swollen pea pulsed into the tip of his flicking flesh. Circling her hips, she could never get enough of him. Never get enough of spending time with him. Making love with him. This was only their second time together in this fashion, and she was already falling for him. Deep. And hard. 
Swishing his tongue deep inside her canal, he left her hairy snatch, then laid on the sofa on his back. With heat flickering inside his pupils, his thick column lay rigid against his stomach, the engorged head pulsing past his navel. How she was able to handle a man the size of a beast was beyond her. 
Water streamed into her mouth from wanting to taste him. Every. Single. Hard. Inch. Reaching for her hand, the pads of their fingertips ruffled. He fisted his erection and made it point toward the ceiling. “Ride me, Kayla.” 
Heat singed her at his domineering command. Nothing would please her more than to ride him, but first she had to, she had to...oh goodness, she couldn’t resist. Eyeing his thick column, she hopped on the sofa between his legs.
Tongue gliding over her lips, her face hovered over his heavy erection. Wrapping her hand around his, she licked the swollen tip of his head, then pressed her mouth down his length, all the way down to his base. His spheres gently scraped her chin as she motioned her mouth up and down his steely member. Richmond’s body shuddered as he inhaled a harsh breath. 
As his hand left his tool to hold the sides of her face, he grunted out in sheer satisfaction. Enjoying the thick taste of him inside her mouth and the salty pre-cum seeping from his slit, she raked her nails against his scrotum. Another hoarse sound erupted from him. 
His strokes were long, yet slow, as she squeezed him tight with inner jaws. Bobbing her head up and down on him, saliva slid from the cracks of her mouth. “Oh, Kayla. You better stop,” he sucked in a deep breath, “before you make me cum.” Gripping the sides of her face, he pulled his erection from her mouth with a loud pop. 
Knowing he was only seconds away from exploding, Kayla blew on his member, trying to cool it off. Short seconds later, she crawled up to his face and trailed the tip of her tongue over his brown, full lips. 
Pinning her with a heated stare, Richmond softly kissed her lips. “You tasted scrumptious. Is this just sex for you, Richmond?” she asked, praying it was much more. Of course it was just sex. A man like him certainly wouldn’t want a woman like her for anything else other than a little fun. 
“I don’t know what it is Kayla. But it’s not just sex, baby. It’s so much more. For now, let’s just enjoy the moment.” With her breasts pressing into his muscular chest, she rubbed the wet lips of her sex over his turgid length. Caressing her arms up and down, his breathing heightened. When he rocked his tool, his knob hit her clitoris. 
Richmond clenched her hips, raising her from his lap. With one hand at her waist and the other on his rod, he positioned his head to her opening and slid inside her. Still guiding himself inside her, he circled his head at her juncture. Oh. His head felt so good right there. His head alone threated to make her explode right at this moment. 
Gripping her hips, he stroked her. His engorged head slipped deeper inside. “Oh. Ah.” His eyes brimmed with tenderness and passion as she slowly slid down his shaft. 
Sucking her bottom lip in-between her teeth, she rocked her hips, rode him nice and slow. Thrusting up inside her, he eased up on his elbows and sucked her tender nipple into his mouth. Devouring her breast, he trailed his tongue over the plump flesh and moaned. 
Intense pleasure built inside her center. Flooded her veins. Rejoiced her insides, and her whole entire being. 
Letting go of her breast with his mouth, he placed the back of his head on the curb of the sofa. Driving into her, she flattened her palms on his chest. As she rode him, his heartbeat pounded against her hands. Oh. Ah. Ooo. She was about to cum. 
Rocking back and forth on his column, she brought her snatch up to his tip, paused, then slammed back down on him. A rough grunt expelled from his mouth. “Christ, Kayla. You’re driving me wild. If you do it again, I’m not responsible for losing it too early.” 
He wrapped his fingers around her wrist, brought her hand up to his lips, and sucked a finger into his mouth. And then another one. As his large hands explored her back, her waist, and her hips, her climax built like raging wild fire inside her. Almost there. Almost on the verge of cumming, she circled wildly on him. 
Sweat wet the edges of her hairline. Desire coursed like boiling liquid through her veins. A flood of sensations throbbed at her entrance. Wincing, she slid up his pulsating stem, curled her center on his knob, then as hard as she could she slammed down hard on him. Bam! 
Kayla’s sex exploded around his shaft into a tiny million pieces. Cumming on him, fireworks sounded off behind her eyes, and for a moment she saw nothing but colorful sparkles. 
Richmond roared like a beast! His body stiffened like a board. Thick streams of fluid shot from his member into her entrance. As he unleashed inside of her, she felt the hard beats of his stem thudding against her bundled nerves. So heavy. So hard. So much fluid detonated from him and filled her up. 
Sex with him sucked up every ounce of her energy. Winded, she had to gasp hard for her next breath. Sitting on top of his still hard erection, her limbs turned to jelly. Quickly losing her strength, she collapsed on top of him. 
Keeping his erection buried inside her, he cuddled her in his arms and stroked the hair grazing over her shoulder. Loving the way his heart had beat against her hand earlier, she placed her hand over the hard muscle of his chest and relished at the ticking of his beating heart. 
He kissed the top of her head. “You were wonderful, Kayla.” 
She caressed his nipple. “So were you.”
Lying in each other’s arms, they drifted off to sleep. Never did he sever their connection. And never did she feel so loved. 






THE SPICY, SWEET AROMA OF cheesy jalapeno cornbread spread throughout Leslie Spaulding’s house, which overlooked a wide river in one of the most elite subdivisions found in the surrounding areas. A few moments ago, Leslie had gathered all of her guests at the long rectangular table inside her fancy dining room to say the blessing. Since the children had ate earlier, they weren’t there. Instead, they were in the den watching cartoons. Requesting for everyone to join hands and bow their heads, Leslie said a beautiful prayer. 
“In Jesus’ name I pray. Amen.”
“Amen,” voices resounded throughout the room. 
Standing next to Kayla, Richmond pulled out a chair for her, and after she took her seat, 
he took his. At a rapid rate, Richmond was falling for Kayla, the beautiful woman sitting next to him. But it wasn’t just her looks that had him so smitten. Or so captivated and so enthralled. It was her sweet personality and her fun ways. Full of adventure, he was looking forward to spending most of his free time with her, especially after what’d happened at his beach house yesterday. And her house the night before. 
Using a pair of tongs, Richmond lifted a piece of rotisserie chicken from the silver platter and lowered it to his plate. “Would you like a piece of chicken?” he asked Kayla.
“Sure.”
Sensing her nervousness, he asked, “Which piece?”
Kayla’s eyes drifted to the roasted pieces of chicken. “I’ll take the breast, please.”
When the word ‘breast’ had left her lips, a vivid image of him sucking hers on yesterday while she rode him crossed Richmond’s mind. Lowering the chicken breast to Kayla’s dish, his lips tilted into a smile. 
“Thanks,” she said, scooping a heap full of mashed potatoes onto her plate. 
Things between him and Kayla hadn’t gone as he’d originally planned when he’d first hired her to be Isabelle’s caregiver. Back then, all he’d expected from her was to be a good nanny and teacher to his daughter. But now, today, as he sat next to her at his mother’s home, he couldn’t deny the strong attraction he felt for Kayla. The strong chemistry he had with her swirled in the air. And just like he could feel it, he was certain that everyone else at the table could feel it, too. 
As if reading his mind, his younger brother, Suade, burst out with, “So, Richmond. When exactly did you and Kayla start dating?”
Kayla’s eyes rounded in pure disbelief. But Suade’s question hadn’t bothered him the least bit. In fact, he found it rather flattering. “Yesterday.” There, he’d said it. Only problem was, he hadn’t told Kayla that the two of them were officially dating yet. 
Suade picked up the glass of sweet tea sitting on the napkin in front of him. “Well, I can most definitely see why you like her. She’s as pretty as all get out.”
Russell gave Richmond a peculiar stare. Holding a fork with shrimp potato salad to his lips, he looked at Kayla, then back at him. “Yesterday?! Y’all just started dating yesterday? That’s rather quick, don’t you think?” 
Leslie wiped her mouth. Tilting her head, she gave Russell a bland smile. “Mind your own business, Russell. Richmond and Kayla are grown. They can do whatever they please.”
A sudden icy contempt flashed in Russell’s eyes. “You’re always jumping in the conversation when no one is talking to you, Leslie.”
In her most famous proper voice, Leslie exclaimed, “Now, Russell, this is my house, and if you don’t like when I speak my mind whenever I please, you know where the front door is.”
Russell rolled his eyes. “If it hadn’t been for me, you wouldn’t have this house!”
Leslie kept her cool demeanor. “Putting up with your cheating, why my, my, my, I think I deserve to live this fabulous, darling. Don’t you?” She twirled her wrist in the air. 
Chuckling, Richmond held up his hand. “That’s enough, you two.”
Suade laughed. “Welcome to the family, Kayla.”
“Thanks.” Kayla giggled. 
“Sandella,” Leslie called out Sandella’s name as she sat on the other side of Kayla. “That Logan is too pretty. She’s such a darling little girl. Do you and Braylon want any more children?”
Russell shook his head. “Now look who’s being nosey now.”
Leslie’s eyes narrowed at Russell. “Forget you, Russell.”
Russell’s brows furrowed. “I wish you would forget me. It’d save me some money, that’s for sure. All the money I have to pay you for alimony is absurd.”
Leslie shot Russell a contemptuous glance. “I don’t even know why you bother to come over here for dinner on Sundays.”
“Hell, I got a problem with you, not your food,” Russell spat, then grinned. 
Everyone at the table, including Leslie and Russell, burst into hearty laughter. 


AN HOUR LATER, KAYLA EMERGED inside the kitchen to offer Leslie some help with the dishes while Richmond and the others took the children outside to play. Sliding her hands in the back pockets of her jeans, she walked up to Leslie as she stood at the sink doing the dishes. “Is there anything I can help you with?” Kayla asked, having thoroughly enjoyed her dinner at Leslie’s. The lady had said she could cook, and she hadn’t been lying. Fried and baked chicken, dressing, macaroni and cheese, collard greens, squash, and green beans, Leslie had prepared a feast. Had thrown down in the kitchen today. 
“Thanks for offering to help, Kayla. But I don’t like my guests pitching in and helping. When you come to my house, I want you to enjoy yourself, relax, and make yourself at home.” 
Momentarily awkwardness formed inside Kayla. “Thanks for dinner. Everything was delicious.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. Anytime you’re in the mood for some good food, just know my doors are always open. I cook a big meal like this every Sunday.”
Kayla’s heart beamed when she’d given her a regular invite to her home on Sundays. “Every Sunday? That’s a lot of preparation, and a whole lot of food.”
Kayla thought she detected sincerity in Leslie’s eyes. “Yes, it is. But I don’t mind cooking for my family. Now that they’re all adults, I don’t get to see them that often, so I look forward to them coming over on Sundays. By the way, pay Russell and me no mind. The two of us have a love-hate thing going on. Although he gets on my last cotton picking nerve, he’s the father of my children, so I put up with him.”
Easing her hands from her pockets, Kayla let loose a light chuckle. “The two of you are so funny. You remind me of my grandparents when they were alive.”
“Oh yeah? What were your grandparents’ names?”
“Leroy and Priscilla Van Buren.”
Leslie’s mouth dropped wide open. “Get out! I knew Leroy. Oh. Leroy was a good, good man. Whenever I got sick and didn’t feel like going to the doctor, Leroy would come by here in a hurry. Using natural herbs for medicine, he always managed to nurse me back to good health. I used to swear by his rituals in lieu of medicine.”
Jesus Christ! Her grandfather was extremely close to this family, and probably even closer to Salina. Praying that her grandfather didn’t poison Salina, Kayla’s happy mood sloped downward. “Yes, people said he was great at natural healing.”
“Now your grandmother, Priscilla. I never got the chance to meet her. But from what the folks around here say, she was just as pretty as you. They said she had the kind of figure that made men stop in their tracks and drool.” Leslie’s eyes rolled over Kayla’s body. “I guess you got your figure from your grandmother, and that’s why my son is so taken by you. Other than his deceased wife, he’s never brought a woman here to visit.”
“He probably wouldn’t have brought me either if you hadn’t invited me.” Kayla shrugged matter of factly. 
Leslie wrung out the washcloth, draped it over the nozzle of the faucet, then took a step forward. Glancing around the kitchen, ensuring the coast was clear, she whispered, “I knew my son was interested in you before I even met you.”
Kayla’s insides clapped with joy. “Really?”
Leslie continued whispering. “Yes. I saw it on his face yesterday while at that child’s birthday party at the stables.” She patted Kayla’s shoulder. “I don’t know what you’re doing to him, but by all means, please keep doing it. He hasn’t looked that good since Salina died.”
Kayla’s heart sang with delight. “I’ll try my hardest to make him happy.”
“He can be a bit stubborn at times. So sometimes you—”  
“What are you two in here whispering about?” Richmond emerged inside the kitchen with a big smile on his handsome face.
Leslie twirled her wrist in the air. “Oh, nothing. Just having girl talk, that’s all.”
“Mom, I need to run to the outlet mall real quick. Do you mind watching Isabelle for me for a little while?”
Kayla offered, “I’ll watch her for you. She can go home with me if you want her to.”  
Richmond replied, “Well, I was going to ask you and CJ to come with me. I need to pick her up a present for her upcoming birthday, and I don’t want her to see it.”
Leslie came up with a wonderful idea. “How about this…I’ll keep both her and CJ while the two of you go out and have yourselves a good time. It’s such a pretty day out, I’m sure you can find something to do after you leave the mall.”
Kayla had to think hard about Leslie’s kind offer. “Are you sure you don’t mind watching CJ? He can be a handful sometimes.”
Leslie cocked her head. “Raising three boys all at once, I’m sure CJ won’t be any trouble for me. I’m used to it.”
Kayla was glad to hear her say she’d have no problem watching CJ. “Thank you so much, Leslie. For everything.”
Leslie nodded. “You’re quite welcome. And thank you for coming to dinner.”
“It was my pleasure.” Depending on how things worked out between her and Richmond, hopefully this wouldn’t be her last time coming to eat dinner with Leslie and her nice and very entertaining family. 
Kayla and Richmond said goodbye to everyone, then headed for the Tanger Outlet Mall on Highway 278. Approximately twenty minutes away from his mother’s house, they’d gotten there before she knew it. Looking revitalized from the very first time she’d showed up on his doorstep, he pulled into the parking lot of the mall and parked. 
Wanting to broach the question about them dating, Kayla twisted her hands in her lap. She didn’t want to seem too pushy or anything, but now that he’d told his family they were dating, she wanted to know if he was kidding or if he’d meant it. They’d only known each other for a few weeks, so of course he had to be teasing them. Of course, he’d only said it because he’d been put on the spot. 
Removing the key from the ignition, Richmond shifted in his seat to look at her. “I hope I didn’t offend you earlier.”
She felt elated about the possibility that he may have been serious. “Offend me how?”
“When I up and told my family you and I were dating. I love saying things to get them hyped.” He chortled. 
Saying something he didn’t mean wasn’t at all funny to Kayla. So the only reason he’d said they were dating was to get his family and friends excited? Playing with her emotions, who in the hell did he think he was? Frowning, she crumpled her nose. “To be honest, Richmond, I am offended.”
Bewilderment settled on his face. “Huh?” 
Unnerved by his teasing, her heart grappled in her chest. “You shouldn’t have said we were dating if you didn’t mean it.”
“Look, Kay.” Kay? When had he started calling her Kay? Kay sounded so sweet coming from his mouth. Like it had a special meaning. Richmond continued. “If there’s one thing I want you to know about me, it’s this—I don’t lie.” Truth rounded his eyes as he hooked his gaze on hers. “Forgive me if I overstepped my boundaries when I said we were dating. But because I don’t have a habit of running around and sleeping with different women, I have no clue how to define what we’re doing. Do I like you? Yes. Do I want a serious relationship with you? I don’t know. Only time will tell. I do know that I enjoy spending time with you. Making love to you. And kissing you until your lips swell. Let’s just take it one day at a time and enjoy each other in the process.” 
She was both excited and aggravated by what he’d just said. “So this is just sex, then?”
“No. It’s not just sex.” His eyes were full of half-promises. 
“Then what is it?”
Richmond’s sigh sounded like one of obstruction. “I already told you, I don’t know. Why does what we share need a title?”
“It doesn’t,” Kayla huffed. Frustrated, she pushed open the door to the SUV, clambered down, and started walking ahead of him toward the mall. Disappointment turned over and over inside her as she crossed the parking lot. If we’re not dating, then why am I sleeping with him? I’m so stupid. Stupid. Stupid.
“Kay! Wait up!” Jogging, he fell in stride beside her. He clutched her shoulders, stopping her fast-paced walk. 
“Don’t call me that.”
“What?”
She jutted her chin. “Kay.”
“Kay.”
Folding her arms beneath her breasts, she stomped her foot. “I’m serious, Richmond. Don’t call me Kay.”
“Why not?” His eyes clung to hers, analyzing her reaction. 
“Because it sounds so sweet and sensual. Like it has deep meaning. Like you care about me.”
His eyes darting back and forth, he grasped her shoulders. “I do care about you, Kay. Look, I’m sorry if I hurt your feelings or upset you. If you really need to give our relationship a title, that’s fine. My main concern is that you’re happy. Okay?”
Whatever. I’m not begging a man to call me his girlfriend. Unh-uh. “How about this name for a title? Friend.”
His left brow rose. “Friend. Why, Kay, I think I like it.”
Uuugh! Friends didn’t make love the way they had. “Me, too,” she outright lied. 







SEEING KAYLA SO UPSET ABOUT the whole dating thing bothered Richmond. Had he known telling his family they were dating would’ve bothered her this bad, he would’ve never teased them the way he had. 
Kayla’s expression looked sad as they entered the jewelry store, causing his heart to clench. Browsing over the beautiful jewelry sparkling inside the glass case, they parted and went their separate ways. She went to look at the watches while he perused the tiny sterling bracelets for Isabelle. 
“May I help you?” the sales clerk asked as she came to a stop in front of him on the other side of the counter. 
Richmond lifted his gaze to look at the dark-haired sales lady. “I’m just looking. Thank you.”
“Are you looking for anything special?”
“Yes, I’m looking for a birthday present for my daughter.”
“How nice. How old is she?”
“Four.”
“Four. We have a very limited selection of jewelry for girls her age. Everything we have is right in this case.” She pulled out a tiny silver bracelet and placed it on a silk rag on the counter. 
Richmond hefted the bracelet to the light in the ceiling. The tiny jewelry sparkled. 
Kayla came to stand beside Richmond as he looked closely at the present he was considering purchasing for Isabelle. Tilting her head, Kayla said, “Although the bracelet’s really nice, I think she’ll like a baby doll better.”
He lowered the bracelet to his side. “She already has a bunch of dolls.”
“Does she have a custom made doll that looks like her? Or has a name she likes?”
Placing the bracelet back on the cloth, he didn’t think so. “You really think she’ll like a doll better?”
“Yes.” Kayla’s lips eased into an endearing smile. Warmth infused his chest. Happy to see her happy, he wanted to reach out and touch her soft lips with his. Wanted to wrap his arms about her shoulders, draw her to him, and say he was sorry for upsetting her over and over again until she forgot it’d ever happened. 
“I’ll get her the doll and the bracelet.” He handed the lady the bracelet back and pulled his wallet from his front jean pocket. 
Kayla put her soft palm on his shoulder. “I think that’s a good idea. Why don’t you get the bracelet engraved?”
Another great idea she’d come up with. “What should I put on it?” 
“Put how you feel,” she suggested. 
When it came to buying gifts for his precious Isabelle, he was still learning in that department. Salina had always taken care of the birthday parties, Christmas presents, Halloween costumes, and parties. Put how he feel? Oh, now that was easy. 
A smile appeared on his face as he looked at the sales clerk. “Write ‘Daddy’s Number One Angel’.”
“Oh, she’s going to love that,” Kayla appraised him.
“How do you want to pay, Sir?” the clerk queried. 
“Cash,” he confirmed. 
“But it’s eight hundred dollars,” the clerk acknowledged in a shocking tone. 
Richmond chuckled. “I know.”
“Oh. It’s going to take about thirty minutes for me to do the engraving.”
“While it’s getting engraved, we’ll go do some shopping and come back later.” Towering over Kayla, he grabbed her hand and pushed open the door leading to the outdoors, exposing the beautiful Sunday afternoon. “Do you think I did okay with her present?” 
Her face looked softer than it had when they’d first arrived. “You did better than okay. You did wonderful. She’s going to love it.”
“I hope so.”
“Isabelle loves you so much, Richmond. She’d be fine with whatever you got her. Something as simple as a hug would make her happy.”
“Will you help me plan her birthday party?”
Shock spread like a blanket over her caramel-complexioned face. “I’d love to.”
After they left the jewelry store, Richmond offered Kayla some dessert, and she’d graciously accepted. They stopped inside Kilwins ice cream eatery. While there, Kayla got two scoops of New Orleans praline pecan. Not much of a big ice cream or sweets eater, Richmond settled on a scoop of plain French Vanilla. 
Moments later, they sat on the bench near the bookstore, indulging in their desserts, having great conversation, and watching people from various walks of life walk by. Kayla held her cup of ice cream up to Richmond’s face. “Would you like to taste mine?” The sun slipping through the leaves of the trees to their left shined down on her face, making her eyes sparkle. 
“Sure.”
Kayla scooped up the ice cream from her cup on her spoon and fed it to him. “Mmm. That’s really good.”
“It’s my favorite.”
“Want to taste mine?”
She nodded. Richmond put a small scoop of ice cream on his spoon to her succulent, glossy pink lips and fed her. “Mmm. It’s so smooth and creamy,” she said, swallowing. 
Noticing Kayla had some ice cream smeared on the upper part of her lip, Richmond put a finger to her mouth where the ice cream was. “You got some ice cream right here.”
She trailed the tip of her tongue around her lips, trying to get it off. “Is it off?”
“No.” He leaned into her. “Let me help you.” Bowing his head, he slanted his mouth over hers and tongue-kissed her. Not giving a damn that they were sucking face in public, he curled his tongue with hers and sucked the sweet treat from her delicate flesh. 
Kayla’s sweet lips felt like soft cotton gliding across his lips. His shaft throbbed inside his underwear. He’d never been the type of man to do something so daring like kiss a woman out in public. 
Damn, how had he let Kayla walk into his life and get under his skin like this? Falling for a woman was not in his plans. He wished like hell he could stop his feelings for her. Stop falling deeper and deeper in lo— As soon as the four-letter word ‘love’ popped inside his head, Richmond tore his mouth from Kayla’s. 
Scared of his own thoughts, he retreated to eating his ice cream. Willing his shaft to soften with his mind, his body felt aflame. Hell no! He wasn’t in love. Thinking of the word ‘love’, he mentally punched his own face for letting his brain drift to the dumb word. Being in love once in his lifetime was way more than he’d ever need, so it just wasn’t going to ever happen again. Not ever! 
“Are you okay?” Obviously, she’d read his tensed body language.
“Yeah. I’m good. Why do you ask?”
“No reason.” 
As much as he liked Kayla, he had a hard time trusting women at this point in his life. Aware that Salina was the cause of his inability to trust women, he grimaced. Who knows? Maybe one day he’d let his guard down and be able to give himself completely to a woman. It may even be to his Kay. For now, though, his most important concern was raising Isabelle. His second most important concern was proving that Jason had killed his wife. And after he did, he was going to put the bastard behind bars for the rest of his long, living, miserable days. 
Jason had smiled in his face yesterday like he hadn’t done a damn thing. Like he didn’t convince or threaten Salina to sign that life insurance policy and leave it to him. Damn you, Jason! He took the advantage of my wife behind my back. For that, he’s going to have to pay. I hope he burns in hell for all eternity! And if he even thinks about hurting my Kay, I’ll stomp on his throat and break his neck! 
Kayla sighed. “Okay. Something’s definitely on your mind, Richmond.”
“You’re right.” He pecked her mouth. “Just business. That’s all. Just business.”
Richmond’s cell buzzed against his hip. Glad it was the jewelry store calling to say Isabelle’s bracelet was ready, he answered without looking at the Caller ID. “Hello.”
“It’s me, Don. You got a second?”
“For you, always.”
“Are you alone?”
“No, why?”
“Go somewhere where you can talk,” Don advised. 
Richmond excused himself from Kayla, rounded the side corner of the bookstore, and stopped walking when he reached the end of the crosswalk. “I’m by myself now. What’s up?”
“I ran a report on all Jason’s banking transactions over the last few years and stumbled across a check made out to him for a hundred thousand dollars. But the amount doesn’t intrigue me as much as who it’s from does.” 
Not sure he wanted to hear this, Richmond swallowed. Salina better not had given Jason his damn money. Pinching the bridge of his nose, he shut his eyes and asked, “Who was the check from?” 
“Your father.”
Blown the hell away, his eyes shot open.







LOCKING THE DOOR TO HIS quaint library, the killer turned and strode over to the window. Grimacing, he slid his hands deep inside his pants pockets. With evening approaching, purple hues highlighted the darkening sky. Eyes roaming over the scattered leaves on the grass in his backyard, regret pinched his heart. 
Tears welled in his eyes. Remorseful, he choked on his sob. “Oh, Salina. I miss you. We were so close. People never truly understood the relationship we had.” It’d been years since he’d killed Salina, and ‘til this day her death still haunted him, especially at night. Because of the nightmares he’d been having about Salina lately, he hated going to sleep. Hated closing his gotdamn eyes. 
Every time he closed his eyes and fell asleep lately, he’d dream that Kayla was on to him. That she’d found out his secret, the secret he intended on going to his grave with. If he could turn back the clock, he would’ve never assisted Salina in her death. 
Lips twisting, he removed the photo from his wall and placed it on his desk. Thinking about Kayla, the killer’s fingers trembled as he pushed in the secret code to his safe. Frustrated about the new information he’d stumbled on, he hefted his diary and flopped down in his favorite recliner. 
“Damn you, Kayla,” he grumbled, opening up his diary. Placing the tip of the felt pen on the page, he had to write down how he felt. It wasn’t good either. 

Dear Diary, 
Kayla just so happened to stumble on some information inside her grandfather’s closet that may possibly connect Salina’s death to me. She’s been ordered to keep her mouth shut, but an eerie feeling inside me tells me she’s not going to do that. As long as she thinks her grandfather killed Salina, and not me, I don’t have anything to worry about. But if she ever puts two and two together and it adds up to me, well, let’s just say I have no intentions of going to jail. Mark my words, I’ll do whatever it takes to stay a free man. 

Knuckles rasped at the killer’s front door. Wondering who the visitor was, he bolted from the chair, placed the diary inside the secret safe, then hung the picture back on the wall. After he locked the door to his library, he strode to the front door and yanked it open. 
“I have some information about Kayla I think you might want to hear,” his most trusted acquaintance stated. 
The killer stepped to the side. “Come in.” 
“I can only stay a few minutes, so this won’t take long,” the killer’s friend exclaimed, stepping into the foyer. 
Disgruntled, the killer closed the door, then folded his arms over his chest. Standing in the foyer, he prayed he could trust the man standing in front of him. The last thing he needed was for him to go running his gotdamn mouth to Richmond. If he did, things on Hilton Head Island would blow the fuck up. And they’d both be responsible. 
Eyes narrowing, uneasiness slithered through the killer’s veins. You better not betray me. “So what is it you want to tell me about Kayla?”
The gentleman reached inside his blazer, pulled out a white envelope, and handed it over. “She’s been married before, to a man by the name of Carson. Inside the envelope is a record of her bank statements. She doesn’t have much money. She lives paycheck to paycheck.”
Holding Kayla’s financial statement in his hands, his eyes raked over the statement like a fine toothed comb. “She’s broke as hell.” He lifted his head and met the other man’s gaze. “You don’t think she’s using Richmond for his money, do you?”
“No. From what I can tell, she likes him for him. A lot.”
With all the money Richmond has, he could make this Kayla one of the richest women in town. Well, nobody’s good enough to take Salina’s place. Nobody. “By the looks of Kayla’s bank statements, her ex-husband doesn’t help her much, if at all. If push comes to shove, maybe I can pay her to keep her mouth shut.”
“That’s my thought.”
Suddenly, a genius thought struck up inside the killer’s head. Maybe I can pay Carson to remarry Kayla and take her ass back to North Carolina where she came from. Yeah, that’ll work. Conjuring up the perfect plan to get Kayla as far away as possible from Richmond, the killer’s lips split into a wide, wicked grin.  






THANKSGIVING DAY ROLLED AROUND, BRINGING in cooler Fall weather, colorful leaves, and a huge family gathering at Leslie Spaulding’s estate. To make the day look festive, Leslie had placed a huge inflatable turkey in her front yard, and the children kept poking it with their fingers. Well, not all the children; just mainly Isabelle and that darn CJ. 
As Kayla stood in Leslie’s front yard watching Isabelle and CJ run in circles around the huge inflatable turkey that was way taller than them, heavenly scents of pine swirled in the air. Richmond exited the house through the front door and came to stand next to her. Curling an arm around her shoulder, he asked, “Dinner will be starting as soon as Suade arrives. Come take a walk with me.”
“Okay.”
Holding Kayla’s hand, Richmond rounded the corner of his mother’s house and entered her beautiful back yard, overlooking a wide river. If Kayla’s memory served her correct, Sandella’s in-laws—Willa and Drake—lived in this same neighborhood down the street. Walking along the edge of the grass by the river, leaves crunched under their shoes as the salty water streamed inside her nose. 
Stopping in their tracks, she glanced up at Richmond. A twinkle of sunlight caught his eyes. “Do you know how thankful I am for you?” His voice had depth. 
“I think so.”
“You think so? All the time we’ve been spending together lately, you should know by now. I don’t want you to think how I feel anymore, Kay. I want you to know that I’m very thankful for you, and for CJ as well. To make sure you’ll never forget it, I have something I want to give you.” 
When Richmond dug inside his front jean pocket and pulled out a small grey box, Kayla’s heart leapt into her throat. Ohmygod, he’s going to ask me to marry him. Her breathing heightening, light tremors shook her inwardly. Her eyes was starting to moisten. 
Richmond’s eyes probed to her very soul as he popped back the lid of the box. Her insides immediately calmed. Inside the box lay a beautiful diamond necklace. She mentally slapped herself for thinking he was about to ask her to marry him. “Oh, Richmond, it’s so beautiful.”
“I think it’s going to look beautiful around your neck, Kay. Every time you look at the diamond, I want you to remember how special you are to me. And how thankful I am for you.”
“I’m thankful for you, too, Richmond. I’m thankful for the way you spend time with me. I’m thankful for the way you treat CJ. And I’m thankful that you’d think enough of me to invite CJ and I over to celebrate Thanksgiving Day with your family. It all means so much to me.”
“It’s means a lot to me, too. Glad you could come. Turn around so I can put it on.” She heard genuine care in his voice. 
Lifting her hair from her neck, Kayla turned her back to him. This is so thoughtful. Richmond draped the beautiful diamond necklace around her neck, then tightened the clasp. Letting her hair fall gracefully to her shoulders, Kayla slowly turned around to reface the man she’d fallen in love with. Not that she’d ever tell him until after he told her. 
Richmond’s trailed a finger down her chest to the sparkling diamond. “It looks beautiful on you.” 
Smiling, Kayla looked down at the sparkling diamond lying on her chest. “It looks so expensive.”
“That’s because it is. I want nothing but the best for you, Kay. You and your son.”
“I appreciate everything you do for CJ and me.” Wishing there was some way she could repay him for all his kindness, Kayla wrapped her arms around Richmond’s waist and gave him a great big hug. Children giggling assailed her ears as she pried herself from him. A few seconds later, Isabelle and CJ came running from around the side of the house into the back yard. Isabelle ran inside the house through the back door, and CJ ran up to Richmond and hugged his leg. 
Richmond patted CJ’s back. “Would you like to play some baseball, CJ?” 
“Yes!” CJ ran and got the baseball and bat lying on the ground and handed them to Richmond. 
Richmond pointed toward the tree. “Stand over there,” he told CJ. 
Watching Richmond play baseball with CJ, Kayla’s fingers played with the diamond sitting at her throat. Standing several feet away from CJ, Richmond showed him how to position the bat to his shoulder. Richmond tossed the ball to CJ, who swung so hard, he fell.
Kayla burst into laughter.
CJ’s head snapped back to look at Kayla. “That’s not funny, Mommy.”
Biting back her laughter, Kayla forced her lips to set in a straight line. “I’m sorry for laughing. Mommy won’t laugh anymore.”
He tapped the bat on the ground. “You better not.” Alrighty, then. Guess he told me. 
Admiring how Richmond always found time to squeeze CJ into his busy schedule, Kayla’s heart warmed. Just yesterday, he’d taken CJ fishing. On Tuesday, he’d taken him to play basketball. He’d even offered to give him free horseback riding lessons along with Isabelle. 
Richmond is too good to be true. I hope this relationship lasts. Forever. Always. 
Isabelle burst through the back door. She put her tiny hands to the sides of her mouth and yelled, “Dinner is ready!” 
CJ dropped the bat and took off running toward the house. Richmond grabbed Kayla’s hand, and the two of them made their way inside Leslie’s mansion. 
Sweet potato pie streamed up Kayla’s nostrils as she and Richmond took their places at the long rectangular table. As usual, Russell sat at one end of the table while Leslie sat at the head. Richmond’s entire family, except for his brother Dirk, was there. 
Too bad her sister, Alana, couldn’t be there. Thinking of how she missed her sister Alana, Kayla’s heart balled. This year, Alana had decided to go to Virginia so she could have Thanksgiving with her best friend’s family. Although Kayla understood, she hated having to share her sister. 
Feeling wistful, Kayla glanced at all the many foods on the table. Leslie had cooked enough food to feed an entire army. In the center of the table sat a big, fat, Butterball turkey. Surrounding it was a ham, roast, macaroni and cheese, collard greens, green beans, dressing, chick peas, sweet potato casserole, creamed corn, cornbread, rolls, and rice pilaf. 
After Leslie said a beautiful Thanksgiving Day blessing, Russell hefted the sharp blade from the silver platter and started carving the turkey. Juices oozed from the juicy meat. 
“Good job at cutting the turkey, Russell,” Richmond said, smiling. 
Russell looked at Richmond, then at Kayla. “So tell me, when are the two of y’all getting married?”
Richmond almost spit out the tea inside his mouth. Ignoring Russell’s question, Richmond said to Kayla, “Pass me the rolls, please.”
We’ve never talked about marriage, Kayla thought, passing Richmond the bread. 
Leslie sighed. “Didn’t I tell you about getting in everybody’s business the last time they were here?”
“Be quiet, Leslie. Nobody was talking to you.”
Leslie rolled her neck. “Well, I’m talking to you.”
Russell dropped the knife beside the turkey, then sat in his seat. “Well, I ain’t listening!” Slapping his hands over his ears, he playfully stuck out his tongue at Leslie. 
Isabelle and CJ looked at each other and burst into laughter. And so did everybody else. 
Deep love filled Kayla’s heart as her eyes roved around the table. Being with Richmond and his family like this, she felt like their relationship was headed in the right direction. Finally, she had friends in town that cared about her and her son. 
Several minutes later, Kayla became full to the max, and she couldn’t eat another thing. Watching everyone finish off their supper, she slouched in her chair and was tempted to unbutton the button on her jeans. She breathed outwardly, and the darn button popped loose, all on its own. That’s a darn shame. One day, I’m going to lose my stomach. 
Richmond’s cell buzzed. He dropped the phone to his ear. Listening to the caller on the other line, his mouth smiled. Hanging up, he said out loud, “Thanks for dinner, Mom. Everything was delicious. I hate to cut our visit short, but Gypsy Rose is about to deliver.” Richmond jumped to his feet as Kayla’s hands flew over her mouth. Richmond tugged on her elbow, gesturing her to come with him. “Let’s go, Kay.”
Minutes later, Richmond sped his Range Rover up the gravel of the Equestrian. Ecstatic, Kayla hopped out of the car and met Richmond at the front. Running hand in hand, Richmond and Kayla chortled all the way to the stables like two college kids. 
Hurrying up to Gypsy Rose’s stall, Kayla’s heart beat like drums inside her chest. Jason stood over Gypsy Rose as she lay on her side inside the stall, trying to give birth. “She’s doing well,” Jason said. “I’ll let you take over from here,” he told Richmond, then began heading out of the barn.
“Thanks, Jason.” 
Richmond and Kayla entered the stall. Wanting to get a close-up look, Kayla stood to Gypsy Rose’s rear. Bouts of air poofed from the horse’s opening, kicking up the dirt beneath its long, hairy tail and behind. Whoa!
Richmond stooped down by the horse’s side and started rubbing her back. “You’re doing good, Gypsy.” 
Just as Kayla stooped closer to Gypsy, a set of foal’s feet plunged from her opening. Richmond rounded to the back of Gypsy, grabbed the foal’s feet, and gently pulled. The brown foal slipped from Gypsy’s womb and slid onto the ground. 
Kayla felt her eyes stretching as she stood. Amazed, she covered her heart. “That was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen. Is it a girl or a boy?”
Still crouching down beside Kayla, Richmond confirmed, “It’s a girl.”
“She’s beautiful. What are you going to name her?”
“Gypsy is very special to me, and so is her newborn. If it’s okay with you, I’d like to name her Kay Diamond. Kay after you, and Diamond after the piece of jewelry I gave you on this special Thanksgiving Day.”
Kayla crouched down in front of Richmond, circled her arms around his neck, and leaned her head on his shoulder. “I think Kay Diamond is the perfect name for her.” Mmm, I love him so much. If only he was in love with me, too. 






WITH THANKSGIVING OUT OF THE way, Christmas and Isabelle’s birthday were quickly approaching and Kayla’s to do list was two miles long. Going over her to do list inside her head, Kayla stood at the wide bay window inside Richmond’s family room, gazing out at the marsh. Gosh, she’d known Richmond for four months now, and they’d been going strong since the first day they’d met. He trusted her so much, he’d insisted she plan Isabelle’s birthday party. 
Isabelle wanted a party based on the “Frozen” movie theme. Kayla had watched the movie so much with Isabelle and CJ, she now knew the words to the songs by heart. When she’d called Richmond earlier to ask if he was okay with the “Frozen” theme, he’d said yes and had jumped off the phone quicker than she could blink her eyes, making her wonder what was so urgent to cause him to hang up so quickly. Maybe someone came inside his office. 
What a privilege it was to be able to enjoy a view such as this one every day. A man standing inside a boat on the marsh positioned a fishing pole over his shoulder, then threw the line into the water. Needing some fresh air to clear her mind about the way Richmond had been so distraught over the last few days, Kayla pulled open the door off the deck and walked outside. 
Ever since Richmond had received that phone call the day they went shopping for Isabelle’s birthday present, from time to time he seemed like he had a lot on his mind. One moment he’d be just as happy as happy could be, then the next moment he’d seem so cold and distant. 
The afternoon air bristled her face. Birds flapped their wings over the marsh then started flying towards the river. 
“Kayla! Kayla!” At the sound of Richmond’s shouting voice, she whirled and darted back inside the house. “Isabelle! Kayla! CJ!” Oh, Lordy what’s wrong? Heart thumping in her throat, scared out of her mind, she scurried towards the living room. 
Reaching the staircase, she spotted Isabelle and CJ running down the stairs. Terrified by the sound of Richmond’s voice, she rushed inside the living room with the children by her sides to find him grinning with a big Christmas tree over his shoulder. “Where do you think I should put this?”
Trying to calm her nerves, Kayla placed a hand over her rapidly beating heart and pointed. “Put it in front of the window.”
Isabelle and CJ excitedly jumped up and down. Isabelle asked, “Daddy! Daddy! When is Santa coming?”
Richmond responded in a hearty tone, “In a few weeks. What do you want for Christmas, Isabelle?”
Isabelle’s face brightened as she shot her finger in the air. “A mommy!”
Richmond’s lips set in a tight, straight line. “Why don’t you make another Christmas wish, Pumpkin.”
Isabelle put her hands on her hips. “How come?”
Richmond placed the tree in front of the window, then squatted. Patting his thigh, he said, “Come here, Pumpkin.” When Isabelle reached him, he picked her up and placed her on his leg. “You already have a mother. She’s in Heaven. Besides, Santa probably can’t find you another mother.”
Isabelle cupped Richmond’s cheeks and put her forehead to his. “Can’t Ms. Kayla be my mommy?”
CJ’s low giggles filled the room. “Isabelle said Santa Claus gon’ bring me a daddy. Mommy, do I still have a daddy?” 
Ohlordyjesus. “Of course you still have a daddy, CJ.” He’s just a pitiful excuse for a daddy. 
Richmond broke the silence in the room. “All right. All right. Enough of this mommy and daddy stuff. Ask Santa to bring you some toys or something. Anybody in the mood for decorating the tree?” He pushed to his feet. 
“I am!” Isabelle shrieked. 
“Me, too!” CJ shouted. 
Isabelle asked, “Daddy, can Killer come help decorate the tree, too? I think he’s tired of living in Mommy’s room.”
Richmond’s heartfelt chuckle bounced off the walls inside the living room. “Of course he can.” 
Kayla ran her hand through her hair. Isabelle wants me to be her mother. Geez. Kids ask the darndest things sometimes. “Where are the decorations?” 
“Outside in the truck. I bought some new ones. I’ll be right back.”
In the mood for some holiday music, Kayla pulled out her cell phone to download some jamming tunes. Just as she clicked a tune from Beyonce, her cell buzzed in her hand. Perfect timing, she thought, noticing it was Carson. “Hello.”
“When can I see CJ?” Carson blurted. 
Wanting to prevent the children from hearing her conversation, she strolled toward the hallway by the kitchen. “You can see him anytime you want, Carson. You know that.”
“Yeah. Yeah. That’s what you say, but as soon as I’m a little late with my payments, you get all mad and get an attitude.”
Putting her fist on her hip, Kayla rolled her eyes. “I’d think you’d understand my frustration when you’re late with the payments for CJ. Providing a roof for CJ, clothing, health insurance, and food isn’t easy on my salary alone.”
“Well, things should be easier for you now that you’re dating a millionaire.” Kayla’s mouth flew open. Shocked that he knew about her and Richmond, she momentarily couldn’t speak. “Didn’t think I knew about the two of you, did you? You should read the tabloids.” Silence. Nothing. There’s a picture of Richmond and me in the tabloids? Ohgodno. Hating attention, she didn’t like it one bit. “Hello. Hello.”
“I’m here.” So that’s why he all of a sudden wanted to see CJ. He wanted to come check out the new man in her life. Carson was more pathetic than she’d imagined. “So when would you like to come see him?”
“How about next Saturday?” her ex-husband suggested. 
Next Saturday? Isabelle’s birthday party was next Saturday. Carson’s timing for wanting to come visit CJ couldn’t have been more inconvenient. But because the two of them hadn’t seen each other in so long, she wasn’t going to deny her son the opportunity to spend quality time with his father. Kayla struggled to maintain her curtness as she confirmed, “Sure. Next Saturday is fine.”
“Let me speak to my son,” he demanded rudely. 
She gritted her teeth. “Couldn’t you ask instead of demanding?”
“Will you please just put CJ on the phone, Kayla? I don’t have time for games.”
“Hold on.” Tempted to hang up in Carson’s face, Kayla shouted for CJ over her shoulder, and he came running to her. Knowing how much CJ would love to speak with Carson, she smiled down at him. “Your daddy wants to talk to you, okay?” She handed the phone to CJ.
Putting the phone to his ear, CJ shrugged. “But I thought I didn’t have a daddy anymore?”
Kayla gasped. Oh Lordy! Carson’s going to swear I taught him to think and say that. Forget what he thinks. If he came around like he was supposed to, then CJ would know he was his father. 


RICHMOND STOOD ON THE OTHER side of the wall, eavesdropping on Kayla’s conversation as she spoke with her irresponsible ex-husband. Although he knew it was wrong, he just couldn’t help but listen in on her conversation. Fists balding, standing in the corner behind the wall, anger stomped at his bones. The nerve of him to take his time making his child support payments for that sweet little boy CJ. From what he could hear, he didn’t pay that much either. Probably had her struggling from month to month. Tell you what, from this day forward she’s not going to ever have to worry about money again. I’m going to make sure of it. 
As Richmond continued listening to Kayla speak with Carson, rage pushed at his veins. It took everything in his power not to come from behind the corner, snatch the phone from her, and give low down, dirty Carson a piece of his damn mind. 
Kayla said, “Okay, that’s enough talking, CJ. Give mommy the phone. Carson, why are you getting mad at me? I never told him you were dead. Maybe if you visited him sometimes.” Pause. Pause. “I’ve told you time and time again that I’d be more than happy to bring him to North Carolina to see you. Every time I offer, you always say you’re too busy. I’d love to bring him there. Just tell me when. How about tomorrow?” Silence. 
She doesn’t have to explain crap to him. Richmond forced his anger to settle down. 
Kayla spat, “I’m not acting brand new. Who I date is none of your business. Besides, Richmond and I are just friends. Goodbye!” 
Richmond’s heart dunked. Friends! Hearing her address him as just a friend with another man, Richmond tinged with regret. The day they’d went shopping for Isabelle’s birthday present at the outlet mall, he’d insisted they not give their relationship a title. Now his own unrelenting determination had come back to haunt him. Right after they decorated this damn tree, he was going to let her know she better not ever address him as her damn friend again. 
Annoyance flew through him as he shoved his hands inside his pockets. Friend, my ass! A friend wouldn’t spend ten thousand dollars on a diamond necklace for a woman. A friend wouldn’t name their gotdamn horse after a woman. And friends didn’t make love and fuck the way they did. Nah, Kay, we’re way more than just friends. 
Richmond waited a few minutes before he reentered the living room to join Kayla, Isabelle, and CJ. He’d been standing at the corner for what seemed like forever, trying to tamper down his raging temper. Supposedly, this Carson character was coming to Hilton Head next Saturday to visit CJ, and he couldn’t wait to show him how a real man should treat a beautiful lady like his Kay. 
“Let’s put on some music, guys.” Kayla hit a button on her cell phone, and the cheerful melody of “Jingle Bells” serenaded the room. 
“Let’s turn on the fireplace.” Richmond flicked the button on the wall, and the fireplace burst into orange flames. 
Isabelle grabbed CJ’s hand, and the two of them began skipping in circles. “Jingle bells! Jingle bells! Jingle all the way!” the kids sang synchronously. 
Richmond’s dog, Killer, ran around the children barking like an animal that’d finally been set free. 
Draping the pearls around the tree, Kayla’s head bobbed to the joyful tunes. God, he loved having her here with him to decorate this tree. Decorating it without her would’ve been rather boring. In fact, he loved having her here every day, all day, to the point where he was thinking about asking her to move in with him and Isabelle. But then if he did that, she may get the wrong idea and think he wanted to marry her. Living together was one thing, but marriage was a whole different story. He didn’t ever plan on getting married again. And Kay deserved so much more than a man who couldn’t commit fully to her. While he wanted to be more than friends, he didn’t want to marry either. 
Knowing he had a lot to think about, Richmond looped the hook of a sleigh ornament on the tree. Gazing at Kayla as she and the children hung candy canes on the tree, he hadn’t felt this jolly in years. Smiling, his heart swelled with glee. 
In the Christmas spirit, he began singing, “Dashing through the snow, in a one-horse open sleigh.”
Kayla joined him in his singing. “O’er the fields we go, laughing all the way.”
Richmond continued, “Bells on bobtail ring, making spirits bright. What fun it is to ride and sing, a sleighing song tonight!” 
All four of them joined in to sing the chorus. Music blared. The fireplace crackled. Joy and laughter filled the warm room, and Richmond had never been happier. Feeling like he could live like this for the rest of his life, he placed the star on top of the tree and Kayla clicked on the lights.  
Bright white lights sparkled on the beautifully decorated tree. Isabelle and CJ cheered. Wagging his tail, Killer howled. Standing in front of the tree, he hefted Isabelle in one arm and CJ in the other. Leaning her head on his shoulder, Kayla put one hand over his heart and draped her other around his waist. If someone walked in on them right now, they’d think they were the perfect family. And they were. 
Later on that evening after Kayla gave the children their baths and put them to bed for the evening, she’d joined Richmond in the downstairs bedroom. At his request, she’d agreed to spend the night with him. More and more, he was wanting to spend all his free time with her. His every awakening second with her. Although he knew he’d been distant lately, his actions had nothing to do with her, but with Salina, Jason, and his father instead. Although he didn’t tell her, he’d hoped the diamond necklace he’d bought for her would comfort her whenever he was experiencing mood changes. 
As soon as Kayla entered the room, he forced Salina, Jason, and Russell out of his mind. This cool December night belonged to Kayla, the children, and him. Like hell was he going to let thoughts of them spoil it. 
Walking toward him, Kayla tied her hair in a bun on top of her head. When her arms had extended above her head, her boobs had rounded. Her nipples had pressed hard against the long sleeve shirt she wore. 
Wanting to taste her, Richmond held out his hands. “Come here.” Kayla walked into his open arms, placing a kiss on his mouth. “Let’s take a shower together.” Holding her, his shaft hardened against her stomach. Carson was a fool to let something like this go. Apparently, the sorry, dumb man has trouble seeing. 
“You want me, don’t you?” Kayla reached inside his pants and scraped her nails over his erection. 
Richmond’s shaft tingled. He nipped her bottom lip with his sharp teeth, then released it. “Yes, I want you. And I’m going to have you.” 
Naughty desire emblazoned her eyes. She snatched her hands from his hard rod, then took off running. “You’re not getting any tonight! I’m going to bed!”
Balls hurting, Richmond ran after her. “You don’t play with my dick like that, woman, and get away with it!” 
Giggling, Kayla ran inside the bathroom, and just as she was about to slam the door in his face, he stuck his hard shoe between the door and frame and kicked it open. Kayla’s sensual laughter caressed him like the sweet autumn night it was. 
Holding her hands up to her chest and snickering, she walked backwards toward the shower. “I’m serious, Richmond. As soon as I take my shower, I’m going to bed.”
Ignoring her, Richmond removed his jeans and underwear, and then he rolled his shirt over his head and tossed it on the floor. Backing her into a corner, his column pointed straight out at her. Fisting himself, he jerked his tool up and down. 
Heat pooled inside her hooded pupils. Her gaze lowered to his thick member and her tongue protruded from her mouth. Such a pretty little liar. She knew she wanted him to spread her legs and fuck her good. 
With her back pressed into the glass shower door, Richmond had her trapped. Looking around as if she didn’t know whether she wanted to run or escape, he lifted her shirt to her boobs and ran the head of his erection over her belly. A sharp breath whipped from the circle of her mouth.
“You know you want this. Admit it.” Kayla’s whole body tensed as she nodded her head. “Thought so.” He slid his free hand down inside her panties and thrust two of his fingers inside her slick sex. “If you want it, you’re going to have to ask for it.” 
Gasping, her lips trembled. She swallowed harshly. “Please.”
Richmond thrust his fingers in her heat, and she flinched. “Please what?”
Kayla’s hands came down hard on his shoulders as she bucked wildly on his fingers. “Please make love to me, Richmond.” Hot need spooned inside her eyes, her breathing intensified. 
Spanking her belly with his shaft, he demanded. “Say it louder, Kay!”
“Please, Richmond!”
“What do you want, Kay?”
“I want you! Now!”
Richmond yanked her shirt over her head and pulled her jeans and panties down her thighs. He’d said he wanted her to join him in the shower, and he damn well meant it. Hardheaded woman. Pretending like she didn’t want him when she knew she did from jump. 
He flung open the door, turned on the shower, then spun her around to face the counter. Waiting for the water to warm, standing behind her, he placed a hand on her spine and reached down between her hot thighs. Spreading her wet labia, he gripped his concrete length and inserted the hard knob to her entrance. 
Staring at her reflection in the mirror, her groan was deeper and huskier than he’d ever heard. She glanced back over her shoulder at him. “More, Richmond. I need more.”
Tenderly spreading her butt cheeks and circling his head at her entrance, he slid further inside her channel. “Is this want you want, Kay?” he asked, slowly sinking inside. 
Steam from the hot shower rose above their heads, making white clouds form on the glass mirror. 
Nodding profusely, still looking at him, Kayla’s bangs fell from her ponytail to her arched brows. Sliding deeper inside her, Richmond held her penetrating gaze. Her heated stare infused his heart as she sucked him in deeper, all the way to his round, tingling balls. 
Her heat wrapped around his stroking rod. Fire shot through the veins of his erection, making the head leak. Both of them fixated their gazes on the mirror, then looked at each other. 
Pounding her gently, the feel of his scrotum slapping the slick lips of her entrance and curvy butt pushed him over the edge. She pushed back on him, threatening to make him spill his seed. Buried scrotum deep inside her channel, holding on to her delicious behind, he slid from her with a resounding pop. 
Putting a hard hand to her shoulder, he spun her around. Kayla gripped him in her fist, mashed down on him. His jaws dropped. On the verge of exploding, he snatched his member from her wild, jerking fist.
“Oh, Richmond.” Cupping his shoulders, she dropped hot kisses over his pectorals. Down his abdomen. Over his hairy loins. His hard jewels. 
Kay, don’t! Glowering down at her as she pressed her knees into the floor, he sucked in a deep breath. “Don’t do that. I’m warning you.” Hunched over, she pressed her fingers into his thighs, then parted her mouth to suck in his tool. As her slippery mouth slid down his length, his body went rigid. Not wanting to unleash inside her sweet mouth, he cupped the sides of her bobbing head and slid out of her hot mouth. Christ! That’d been hard as hell to do. “I’m not ready to come yet, baby.” 
The musky scent of her arousal poured from the pores of her skin. Traveled up his nose. Enticed him. Determined to make love to her in the shower, he flung open the door. Tugging her hand, he escorted her inside. Eating up the desire twinkling inside her eyes, he gathered her in his arms and stood beneath the shooting warm water. 
Water drenched them as he grinded softly against her pubic bone. Her tender eyes holding his, water streamed over her brown, beautiful breasts pressing into his chest. She reached up to cup his jaw. Turning his head, he kissed the inside of her palm. 
He grabbed the elastic band holding her hair together, pulling it off. 
Blinking her eyes against the sprouting water, her straight hair turned to elegant auburn waves. Where had this delicate woman been all his life? Rubbing the tip of his nose against hers, he stuck out his tongue and she caught it.
Her flesh flicked and curled with his. Pressing her back to the wall, he placed a knee between her legs and pried her thighs open. He jerked her off her feet. Wrapping her sultry legs around his waist, he entered her in one single thrust. “Seems like you got even wetter.” He gnawed her bottom lip with his teeth, then pulled on the tender flesh. 
“I did.” Circling her hips, her eyes rolled closed. “Oh, Richmond. That feels, so, good. Good, baby.”
“I’m glad you like it, Kay. Glad I can satisfy your sexual need.” Her drenched canal felt like velvety silk on him. Wanting to make sure Kay came first, he stroked her soft and slow. He dropped his mouth to her swollen breast and clenched her nipple with his teeth. Bouncing up and down softly on him, she groaned. Curling his tongue over the hard substance, he sucked her entire dark circle into his mouth and feasted. 
Flicking his tongue over her erected nipple while sucking her areola, Richmond’s member throbbed. An urgency to shoot pushed at his skin. Unable to withstand the hot need to come, his strokes quickened. Hardened. With every hard thrust he pushed inside her belly, she grunted. 
Giving back as much as he gave, her pelvis rocked back and forth. Her hands sailed over the top of his wet hair. Nibbling on his lip, she twined her arms behind his neck and sucked his tongue to the back of her throat. 
“Mmm. Mmm. Mmm.” Her husky cries pounded in his ear. Curling her hips, her sex exploded on his shaft. Shaking it. Rattling it. 
The force of her orgasm made his sperm boil inside his aching testicles, travel up his pulsating shaft, and bubble inside the tip of his engorged head. “Your pussy is so damn good, Kay. It’s mine, right?” Friend, my ass. 
“Yes, Richmond. It’s yours.” Husky pleasure lingered in her tone. 
You better not ever address me as your damn friend, woman. “This pussy is just mine, right Kay?” 
Circling her hips, she moaned, “It’s all yours, and only yours.”
Thinking about how she’d referenced him as her friend, he’d needed to hear that. He rocked his hips back and paused, letting the head marinate at her still throbbing entrance. Need clawed his gut. Lust punched at his chest. Swallowing, he felt cum fizz inside his raw head.
Shit! She moved on him. Richmond slammed deep into her. Her body jerked on a grunt. A loud roar grumbled from his mouth as he shot his sperm inside her. 






RICHMOND AND KAYLA LAY IN bed with the lights off, watching television, several hours later. Giving her a heart-tendering stare, he draped an arm about her shoulder and drew her to his side. When Kayla settled a hand to his chest over his nipple, he kissed her forehead. A little chilly, she clenched the soft linen and eased it up her legs to bunch around her shoulders. 
Tucked into Richmond’s strong embrace, both joy and worry consumed her. He’d just made the best love to her tonight. They’d even decorated the Christmas tree together like one big happy family, and he’d yet to say he loved her. 
Snuggled into his side, love blossomed like a flower inside her beating heart for Richmond. Kayla had to admit, she’d fallen madly in love with him, though she couldn’t help but wonder if he returned the same feelings as her. Well, more than likely he didn’t love her, because if he did, he would’ve said it by now. Longing to hear those three words, I love you, her heart ached. 
What difference did it make anyways? He’d probably never love her like he’d loved Salina. Salina had been the love of his life, and he’d always have a special place for her in his heart. Which he should. After all, Salina was the mother of his daughter, Isabelle. 
Although Salina had given birth to Isabelle, Kayla had grown to love the darling little girl as if she were her own. Isabelle loved her, too. Remembering how Isabelle had said she wanted Santa to give her a mommy for Christmas, joy bubbled inside Kayla’s chest. She wants me to be her mother. Ahh, that’s so sweet. 
“Kay,” Richmond said, giving the ball of her shoulder a gentle squeeze. 
Snuggling closer into him, she writhed. “Yes.”
“Are you awake?”
“Yes.”
“Sit up for a moment. There’s something I want to ask you.”
Pressing a hand to his chest, Kayla eased up in bed beside him. Seeing the serious expression on his face, she prayed he was finally getting ready to proclaim his undying love for her. “What is it, Richmond?” Say it. Please tell me how much you love me. I need to hear you say it. 
“I have something I want to ask you.”
“Okay. I’m listening.” Was is possible that he was about to ask her to marry him? 
“We’ve been spending a lot of time together, and we’ve known each other for quite some time now. And well, I don’t want to be just friends anymore,” he said with quiet emphasis. 
Me either! “Well, what do you want to be?”
“I want you to be my woman.” About time!  “I want you and CJ to move in here with me.” Whoa! “Will you do that for me, Kay? Nothing would please me more than to have you and CJ here with Isabelle and me.” He caressed the pad of his thumb over her cheek. 
The answer she was about to give him tore her apart inside. “Oh, Richmond. I’d love to move in here with you, but I can’t.”
Frowning, Richmond’s hand left her face to fall to his lap. His brows scrunched with disbelief. “Oh. Why not?”
“Because, I don’t think you’re ready.”
His lips twisted wryly. “How can you tell me what I want? I know what I want, Kay. I know I want you.” 
“I never said you didn’t want me. I said you’re not ready for CJ and me to move in.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Because this house has so many memories, Richmond. Memories of your wife, Salina. You custom built this home for her. You won’t even sleep inside your own master suite. Night after night, you sleep in here, inside the guest bedroom. As much as I love you, I refuse to live like that.” Ooops. She’d slipped and said she loved him. Waiting to hear him say the words back, her heart pounded against her breast bones so hard, she thought it’d pop out of her chest and jump onto his. 
Instead of uttering he loved her back, he settled his back against the headboard, placed his hands behind his head, and crossed his legs at the ankles. His dark eyes shifted from her face to the television. “The nerve of you to tell me how I feel.”
“You’re right, I shouldn’t tell you how you feel. You tell me how you feel, then. Tell me why you want me?” Tell me what you like about me. Tell me you’re madly in love me. Can’t live without me. Desperate to hear those three words, a misty sheen covered her eyes. 
“Fine. Don’t move in, then. We can just stay friends,” he snapped.
Angry, Kayla flung back the covers and hopped out of bed. Wagging her finger at him, he jerked his head back. “Until you can tell me how you feel, I guess we’ll always be just friends!” Fuming, she started for the door. 
He leapt out of bed. “Where are you going?”
“Home!”
“Fine. Just leave! See if I care.”
Kayla paused in the doorway. Infuriated, she spun. Eyes narrowing, her hands turned to fists. She stomped her foot. “And I quit, too!”
Muscles flickered in both Richmond’s jaws. “You can’t quit!”
“Why can’t I? I just did!” She whirled. Kayla quickly got dressed, ran upstairs and got CJ, and the two of them went to their own freaking home.  


NAILS HAMMERING INTO WOOD REVERBERATED inside Kayla’s eardrums, causing her eyes to spring open as she lay in her own bed in a fetal position. Taptaptap. Taptaptap. Trying to make out where the noise was coming from, her mind flashed back to the argument she’d had with Richmond last night. Oh God. Had she overreacted? If the man didn’t love her, he just didn’t. And there wasn’t a darn thing she could do about it. 
Taptaptap. Taptaptap. It sounded like someone was at her house doing yard work. For Heaven’s sake, it better not be Jason. Lips twisting, she flung back the covers, grabbed her robe from the closet, and marched toward the front door. 
Tying the sash on her robe, Kayla’s bare feet brushed the thick fibers of the carpet. Coming here this early in the morning, who in the hell does Jason think he is? Mark her words, she was going to let Jason know that she didn’t appreciate him coming to her house this early in the morning. He’d done this one too many times, and she was sick and tired of it. For him to come here after he’d told her she better keep her mouth shut about finding Salina’s picture in her grandfather’s closet, Jason was bold. Arrogant, too. 
Grasping the door knob, Kayla swung open the door. Surprise rushed her. Wearing a pair of jeans and shirtless, Richmond was on his hands and knees, hammering new planks into the porch. He brought his dangling head from between his shoulders and gave her a wide, handsome smile. Kayla’s heart stirred. Chills pimpled her arms. 
Richmond’s gaze traveled to the rotten wood lying behind his feet, then back to her face. “Good morning, Sunshine. The old boards were rotten, so I thought I’d replace them this morning. Hope I didn’t awake you from your sleep.” 
Tilting her head and glowing on the inside, Kayla’s heart softened like butter. Yes, he’d awaken her, but she surely didn’t mind waking up to a fine man like him working hard on her porch. Because she’d been so broke, she put off having her porch fixed. 
As he hammered at the wooden planks, droplets of sweat dripped from his forehead. Hunched over, the strong, glistening muscles in his back flexed. His hard biceps bulged, sheening with perspiration. Kayla had no idea that Richmond was such a handyman. 
Wanting to wrap her arms around his shoulders and tell him how sorry she was, her feet seemed glued to the floor. She’d slept restless last night. Had tossed and turned all through the night. Storming out on him, her behavior was immature. “Good morning. I’m surprised to see you.”
“Oh yeah,” he said, keeping his head down while steadily hammering. “I hope it’s a pleasant surprise.”
Shifting her weight, she folded her arms beneath her breasts. Of course, seeing him was a pleasant surprise. She loved him. She just wished he loved her, too. “Thanks for replacing the wood on the porch.”
When Richmond lifted his head to meet her gaze, a bead of sweat drizzled down over his eye. He blinked. “When I’m done with the porch, I’m going to paint the house. I’ll pick up the paint from Lowe’s later on today. Since you’re not moving in with me, I might as well fix up your home. Make sure you’re living good, like every queen should.” I’m a queen? He dragged his arm over his forehead, wiping the sweat off, then stood. 
Richmond’s helping out was such a big help, but the last thing she wanted was for him to do it because he felt sorry for her. Like she was a charity case or something. “I appreciate what you’re doing, but you really don’t have to do all of this, Richmond.” 
The early morning sun glowed brightly on his face. “I know I don’t, but I want to,” he said, squinting against the sun. “Your fence needs repairing, too. Hopefully, I’ll get to that by the end of next week.” Next week? So he planned on sticking around? Even after the way she’d stormed out of his house last night, he wanted to continue a relationship with her? “May I get a glass of water, please?”
“Yes. I’m sorry.” Where were her manners? She’d been so shocked by him showing up out of the blue like this, she’d forgotten to ask him if he wanted to come inside. She pushed open the screen door and stepped to the side. “Please come in.”
Richmond stepped over the threshold and paused. He stared at her face. Longing enlightened his facial features as he held her gaze. Manly musky scents flowing from his pores streamed up her nose. 
He cleared his throat. “You left me last night. Don’t ever walk out on me again. If you do, I’m going to put you over my lap and spank your little sweet ass ‘til it turns bright red and you beg me to stop.” A spanking from him would actually be a turn on. Dipping his head, he clutched her shoulders harder than usual. “Promise you’ll never leave me like that again, Kay?”
“I pro—”
Richmond’s mouth covered hers before she get her answer out. His tongue swirled around inside her early morning breath as if it didn’t bother that she hadn’t brushed her teeth. Well, it may not have bothered him, but it sure as heck bothered her. 
Pinning her between the door and his sweaty, bare chest, his shaft grew tough and rigid on her stomach. Her whole body heated like an oven. “Where’s CJ?” he asked, releasing her top lip from his clenched teeth. 
“Asleep in his bedroom.”
He flattened a palm on the door above her head, crooked a finger to her chin, and kept his lips gently on hers. Deep yearning crept up inside her. Her nipples curled tight beneath her robe. “I’m ready to tell you how I feel about you, Kay.” The hard ball in his thick neck glided up and down. He continued. “Being with you makes me feel alive. Vibrant. Whenever you decide to stay at your own home at night, I long for your warm body to be in my bed next to me instead. Your face is the first thing I want to see when I awake in the morning, and the last thing I want to see before I close my eyes at night.” 
He grabbed her hand, placing it over his heart. His strong, beating heart shook her flat palm. “My heart is beating like drums inside my chest, and it’s because I love you, Kay.” 
Kayla’s heart whirred. Her mood shot to buoyancy. Blinking at the tears on her lashes, a soft sob spilled from her pursed lips. “I thought I’d never hear you say those words. I love you, too, Richmond. 
He jerked her off her feet and kicked the door closed with the heel of his shoe. Stalking down the hallway with her cradled in his arms, he stated huskily, “I’m still spanking your ass for leaving me last night. You’re not getting away with storming out on me.”
Twisting her arms around his neck, Kayla’s mouth smiled. “You can spank me all you want.”
“You think this is a laughing matter, I see. Let’s see how funny you think it is when my hard hand smacks your rear.” Richmond entered the bed with her snickering in his arms. He closed the bedroom door, locked it, then went and stood over the bed. 
Lowering her to her feet, dark desire formed on his rugged, unshaven face. Rounding Kayla, he sat at the foot of the bed and turned her to face him. Glaring up at her, he loosened the knot on her robe and removed it. 
Richmond hiked her nightgown up to her hips to find she wasn’t wearing any panties. His lips pulled into a sexy grin. “Perfect.” Gripping her hips, he laid her across his lap, raised his hand high in the air, and paused. 
Anticipating the hard smack on her rear, Kayla squeezed her butt cheeks as she glanced over her shoulder up at his hand. As Richmond’s hand came crushing down on her rear, she winced in pleasure. Spank. Spank. Spank. 
Writhing in his lap, Kayla’s laughter filled the room. Her butt warmed from the tender, loving licks. 
“You think it’s funny, huh?” He hefted her in his arms, and in one quick movement he’d placed her on her back on the mattress. Hovering over her, he lowered the zipper on his jeans and fisted his erection. Right before her eyes, the head of his erection popped from the circle of his grip. Water pooled inside her mouth like a river. He shook his rod at her, then put the head at her moist opening. “See if you’ll be able to laugh with all this buried deep inside you.” Groaning, he pushed. Rocking his hips back, he pushed again. And again. Sliding to her creamy bottom, his member throbbed. 
As Richmond and Kayla lay in the bed making up, making sweet, tender love, the red-bellied woodpecker arrived and started pecking its beak on the glass window. All this pecking, Kayla thought, spreading her legs wider, then wrapping them around Richmond’s waist. 
Appreciating the way he’d taken the initiative to make up with her, her heated sex sucked him harder and exploded. Cumming on his erection, Richmond’s thrusts quickened. The muscles in his face hardened, and she could tell he was clenching his teeth. Could tell his orgasm was puddled at the tip of his member. 
Driving into her, he captured her mouth. Bucking on his stem, their kiss deepened. Grunting, he broke their kiss and flipped her to her stomach. As she lay with the side of her face to the mattress, he reentered her from behind. “I love you, Kay.” 


RICHMOND’S HEART SWELLED WITH DEEP love as he drove inside Kay’s slick womb from behind. Holding on to her butt cheeks, driving long and slow, his eyes roved over her luscious, curvy figure, which he knew he’d never tire of. 
Hardening more, he twirled. His hard jewels tingled and boiled with cum. I love everything about you, Kay. From her sweet personality, to her light giggles, to her luscious body, he loved everything about the woman penned beneath him. Letting him make love to her. Allowing him to pleasure her body the best he knew how. 
Fluid made its way up to his tip, rattling it. Stroking her tenderly, Kay moaned. Her silky heat wrapped around him and pulled. Grunting, his lungs constricted and expanded inside his chest. He brought his erection all the way out, leaving just the head in, then slammed into her. Sperm charged from his eye and flew inside her. 
Jagged breaths bounded from his mouth as he dropped to the mattress beside her. Lifting Kay into his arms so he could feel her pretty face resting against his chest, he kissed her cheek on her way up. Holding her in the crook of his arm while stroking her tangled hair, she gazed up at him. 
“I would love to wake up to you every morning like this.”
“I’d like that, too. I’ve got an idea.” Kayla’s eyes brightened. “How about you move in here with me?”
Moving into her house with her was out of the question. A man should provide a place for his woman to stay, not the other way around. There was no way in hell he was going to move in here with her and she paid the rent. Oh, hell no. 
“I understand why you don’t want to move into the house I shared with Salina, but what about my house on the ocean? Salina and I never lived there. It’s always been my man cave. With a little help from an interior decorator, I think it’d be suitable for the four of us.” Water streamed from Kayla’s eyes as she glanced up at him. “Okay. We don’t have to move in there either. I’ll build you your own house—”
“I’d love to move in the house on the beach. I’d be like a dream come true for me. And CJ and Isabelle would absolutely love it.”
“Great. Then it’s settled. We’ll search for an interior decorator today and start making plans to move in as soon as the renovations are done. We’re going to have a good life together, Kay. I’m going to make certain of it.” 
“How do you feel about getting remarried one day?” she asked tersely. 
Richmond’s heart split. Whoa! Put on the fucking brakes. Just because he wanted his Kay to move in with him didn’t mean he wanted to ever get married again. But then again, Kay was definitely deserving of a good man. A great husband. 
Call him selfish, but right now he felt as if he never wanted to tie the knot. He could, however, see him and Kay living together as partners for the rest of his life. Unsure of how to answer her question, he caressed her cheek with the pad of his thumb. “To be completely honest with you, Kay, I have no desire to get married again. Been there, done that. Outside of marriage, I am willing to give you the very best of me.”
Disinterment dulled her eyes, breaking his heart. “Thanks for being honest,” she said, lowering her head to his chest, then drifting to sleep. 
Although Kay and CJ were moving in with him, he still planned on fixing up her own home, just in case she wanted to sell it or rent it out. 
Later on that day, as he’d promised, Richmond had gone to Lowe’s and purchased gallons of grey paint so he could paint Kay’s house. While there, he’d also purchased a new fence, which he’d scheduled to have completed by the end of the week. After he fixed up the outside of the house, he was going to fix up the inside of her house. 
Between operating the Equestrian, renovating two homes, raising two children, finding time to spend with his Kay, and bringing Salina’s killer—Jason—to justice, Richmond Spaulding knew he was going to be one busy man. And he looked forward to doing it all. 






ISABELLE’S FIFTH BIRTHDAY PARTY HAD a huge turnout. Starting at the foot of Richmond’s driveway, cars lined Spaulding Drive for at least a mile down the road on either side. Beneath the huge tent placed in the front yard, children skated on fake ice panels to the songs from “Frozen”. Pictures of the two princesses, Elsa and Anna, centered high on the inside of the light blue tent. Fake icicles hung from the ceiling. Inflatable snowmen had been placed sporadically on the outside of the manmade skating arena. 
Kayla stood in the corner of the tent, happily watching the children pretend like they were ice skating. Twiddling her thumbs, a warm feeling rolled over her. Isabelle had screamed when she’d seen what she’d come up with for her birthday party. To her liking, everything had turned out as planned. 
Skating alongside Isabelle, Richmond smiled, then skated in her direction. “I’m getting too old for this,” he said, rolling to a stop in front of her. 
“I don’t think so. You’re doing quite well, if you ask me.”
Draping an arm around her shoulder, he gazed out at the children and their parents. “Everyone is having such a fabulous time. You did a great job, Kay.”
Kayla was glad to hear he was pleased. “Thanks.”
“You made Isabelle one very happy little girl. I’m done with skating. These things are killing my feet.” Richmond sat in the chair next to the DJ’s stand and removed the skates from his big feet. 
Sandella walked up to Kayla, carrying Logan on her hip. “Did you really plan all of this by yourself, Kayla?”
Smiling, Kayla nodded. “Yes.”
“Wow. How impressive? You did a great job.” Sandella’s eyes transferred from Kayla’s face to the ice skating rink. More specifically, her husband. “Look at Braylon out there; he’s having more fun than the kids.”
“I see. I’m glad you guys are having fun.” Kayla pinched Logan’s cute cheek, and speaking baby talk, she said, “In just a few more years, you’ll be able to get out there and skate.” Smiling, Logan gurgled and bubbles formed on her lips. 
Kayla’s eyes roamed over the wide tent in search of Chelsey, but she didn’t see her. “I’ll be right back. I need to go find Chelsey so she can help me round up the guests and get them inside the adjoining tent so we can sing Happy Birthday to Isabelle.”
“Oh, I can help with that,” Sandella offered. 
Kayla’s head tilted. “Are you sure?”
“Girl, yes.”
“Thanks, Sandella. Are you always this sweet?”
“They say I’m as sweet as those desserts I make.” Sandella switched Logan to her other hip, then went to gather up the guests. 
Going to get the “Frozen” ice cream cake from the freezer inside the house, Kayla hastened out of the tent, hiked up the front porch, and flung open the front door to the house. 
Stepping into the home smelling like warm cinnamon, Kayla’s heart flopped. Her eyes spread wider than the marsh behind Richmond’s home. 
“Stop acting like you’ve seen a damn ghost.” Carson stood from the sofa, then walked over to her. “Where’s my son?” 
Swallowing, Kayla closed the door behind her, then met Carson’s gaze head on. He’d said he was coming to visit CJ this weekend, but hell, she didn’t believe him. He’d said it a million times before, but had never actually showed up, so this really surprised her. “How’d you get inside the house?”
“Some girl named Chelsey let me in.” Carson looked the same. Medium brown complexion, black hair cut close to his head, round, beady eyes; other than gaining a few pounds, he hadn’t aged much. 
“Yes, Chelsey. I’ve been looking for her.”
Carson’s eyes roamed heatedly over Kayla’s body, making her feel extremely uncomfortable. Licking his bottom lip, he looked like he wanted to lick her like a lollipop. “You sure are looking good, Kayla. No, let me correct that; you are looking fabulous. Done lost a lot of weight, I see.”
“Thanks. Umm. CJ is outside in the skating rink. We’re about to sing Happy Birthday to Isabelle. Wait right here, I’m going to get the cake.” She hurried to the freezer and hefted the cake. When she turned around, Carson was staring right in her face. “Excuse me,” she said, rounding him with the cake clenched tight in her hands. 
His eyes took her face in. “Kayla, after the party is over, I want us to go somewhere and have a serious talk.”
“Talk about what? Whatever talking we have to do can be done right here or over the telephone, like we always do.”
“Please. Just meet me somewhere. How about you let me take you to dinner?”
“I don’t mean to be rude, Carson; however, I’m not going to dinner with you.” Now or ever. “Whatever you want to talk about can be done right here after the party is over or on the phone. Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to get this cake outside before it melts.”
“God, I still love you. I should’ve never let you go. You were the best thing that ever happened to me. I want you back, Kayla.” 
Annoyed by Carson’s mere presence, Kayla felt like someone had fisted her heart when he’d uttered those dumb words, talking about he wanted her back. Stupid fool. It’d be a cold day in freaking hell before she EVER took Carson Terrell Crawford back!
“Look, Carson. Let’s get one thing straight right here and right now. I’m not interested in you now, nor will I ever be. I’m happily dating someone right now, and he and I are planning a future together.” 
“Oh, you are? Well, just remember one thing…I’m CJ’s daddy.” 
“I know you’re his daddy, Carson. I’m looking forward to you being in his life more. Thanks for coming today.” Tempted to shove the damn cake in the idiot’s face standing before her, she offered him a bland smile instead, then headed outdoors. 
“Where’s your bathroom?” Carson asked just as she stepped out the kitchen into the foyer. 
“Down the hallway to the right,” Kayla yelled back over her shoulder before opening the front door. 


RICHMOND HID IN THE CORNER off the kitchen, listening to everything that jerk Carson had said to Kay. The nerve of that bastard to show up at his home and try and make a move on his lady. Resentment knotted his stomach for the irresponsible asshole. Just as Carson exited the kitchen, Richmond collided into him on purpose. The force of the bump caused Carson to stumble back-
ward. He done tried me. 
Struggling to keep his emotions in check, to keep from stomping on Carson’s fucking neck, Richmond’s hands turned to fists. Giving him an affronted frown, his lips pinched together. Certain his eyes had turned to tiny looking, evil slits, he glared at the ugly dude in front of him. 
“Carson, right?” Richmond asked, fully aware that it was sorry Carson standing in front of him. What in the hell did Kay ever see in him? Not that he was cocky or anything, but he’d beat this little scrimp’s ass and wouldn’t even think twice about it. 
“Yeah, I’m Carson. And who are you?”
Biting his back molars, Richmond cleared his throat. “I’m the man of the house…Richmond Spaulding.” Carson extended his hand to Richmond’s, and all he did was look down at it. “Normally I’d shake my guest’s hand, but because I’m a matter of fact kind of man, a real man, I’m not going to shake yours.”
Carson’s head jerked. “I can tell by the look on your face and your tone that you have a problem with me, man. I just came here to see my son and—”
“And you tried to make a move on my woman. Inside my goddamn house. I heard you. You tried me. Disrespected my place of living. After you see CJ today, I want you to leave and don’t ever show your face around here again. CJ has a new daddy.” Richmond thumbed himself in the chest. “Me.”
Carson’s face contorted as anger flickered his eyes. He swung. Richmond caught his fist, twisted his arm behind his back, and put him in a chokehold. Pressing his strong grip into Carson’s Adam’s apple, Richmond spat, “Graduated at the top of my martial arts class. Earned a black belt. Studied the art of ass kicking in China under famous Bruce Zen. Please think twice before fucking with me. This is a warning; you won’t get another one.” Releasing his neck, Richmond gave Carson a hard shove, and he plummeted to the floor. 
Clutching his neck and coughing while on his knees, Carson glanced up at him. “Gone, man. I ain’t got nothing but re—” He couldn’t seem to stop coughing. “But respect for you.”
Glaring down at him, Richmond took a step forward. He snorted. “You better not breathe a word of this to Kayla. If you do, I’m going to make your life a living hell. Just like you did hers and CJ’s. Just like you still do hers and CJ’s. Just so you know, don’t worry about making your child support payments. She has me now and don’t need your money.” Richmond turned on his heels and walked through the den. He pulled open the sliding glass door. Without turning around to look at the scumbag, he uttered, “By the way, don’t use my bathroom. Piss outside.” His tone sounded cold and calculating even in his own ears, but he didn’t give a damn. He’d lost one woman inside this house, and he’d be damned if he lost another. 
Finally, he turned his head to look at Carson. 
Cupping his neck in his hand, Carson staggered to his feet and walked up to him. “This is so uncalled for.” 
Richmond stepped to the side so Carson could walk around him. 
Carson stepped onto the deck, glanced back at him, and dismounted the steps. When his feet hit the ground, he scurried toward the trees. Apparently barely making it, he jerked his jeans down past his hips and peed in the trees. 
“Richmond!” his father Russell shouted, stalking inside the family. “They need you outside under the tent. We’re about to sing Happy Birthday to Isabelle.” Standing by his side, Russell spotted Carson pulling up his jeans. “Who’s that?”
“Nobody important. Kayla’s ex-husband.”
Russell’s brows lifted. “Did he just piss in the trees?”
“Yes.”
“Why on Earth would he do something like that when there’s a restroom right in here?” Richmond shrugged. “Please don’t tell me that the two of you had words.”
“Worse. I tried to choke the shit out of him.”
Disturbed, his father’s eyes turned darker. “I’m going to give you some advice, son, and I hope you take it. First of all, don’t be fighting over a woman. There’s plenty of women out there besides Kayla. And if you don’t remember nothing I tell you, always remember this: Carson and Kayla is going to always have a special bond because they share a child together. Now let that sink in your skull. If he’s interested, let that man be a part of CJ and Kayla’s life. Like it or not, CJ deserves to know Carson.”
Observing Russell’s facial expression, Richmond folded his arms across his chest. “How do you know his name?”
A blank expression rushed to Russell’s face. “Huh?”
“You said his name was Carson. How do you know his name?”
Russell shook his head adamantly. “I must’ve overheard Kayla say it or something while at dinner. Hell if I know. Maybe CJ told me.”   
While growing up, Richmond’s relationship with his father had always been an unusual, distant one. When younger, sometimes he’d lay in his bed at night, wishing they were closer. However, over the years, as he’d continuously cheated on his mother too many times to count, they’d grown farther and farther apart. Unlike his brothers Suade and Dirk, he remembered the nights when his mother would sit by the windowsill waiting for Russell to come home. And when he never did, she’d cry herself to sleep. 
However, although he was a lousy husband and just an okay father, he’d always been a great grandfather to Isabelle and a dear friend to his late wife, Salina. With that being said, perhaps it was time for him to loosen up on Russell and try and build a better relationship with the old man for once and for all. 
“I’ll think about what you said. Now let me hurry up and get back outside before Isabelle makes her birthday wish and blows out the candles.”
Russell stayed put. “I’ll stay here and make sure Carson don’t steal anything.”
“Good idea, Dad.” Dad? He hadn’t addressed Russell as ‘Dad’ since he was around eleven. 
For the first time in a long time, they looked at each other and smiled in earnest. 
“You haven’t called me Dad in years,” he uttered, sniffling. “It warms my heart to hear you say it, son.”
Richmond arrived back outdoors just in time to capture Isabelle’s guests standing around the table singing Happy Birthday to her. Standing between Kayla and his mother, Isabelle’s brown cheeks glowed as she looked up at him, then back at the blue cake in front of her. The glittering candles on the tall “Frozen” birthday caked looked like sparkles. 
Glancing around the room at the excitement on everyone’s face, Richmond couldn’t have been more pleased with the outcome of his Pumpkin’s fifth birthday party. And he owed it all to Kay. Kay’s my woman, he thought, his mind drifting back to Carson and the way he’d had to choke him just a few moments ago. Bet he learned a valuable lesson.
“Time to make a wish and blow out the candles,” Kayla said, interrupting his train of thought about Carson.
Happier than he’d ever been, Richmond hefted Isabelle in his arms and held her over the cake. Closing her eyes, his precious baby girl made a wish, then blew out the candles. Applause erupted in his ears. “Did you make a wish, Pumpkin?”
Nodding, Isabelle placed her mouth over his ear and whispered, “I wished for Santa to make Kayla my mommy.” 
Richmond’s heart squeezed hard inside his chest. 






BUBBLING WITH JOY ON THE inside, Kayla’s eyes roamed over the quaint family room at the oceanfront beach home she’d soon move in with Richmond. Standing in the center of the room with a dirty rag hanging over her shoulder, dust on her face, and her hair tangled in a crazy mess, she’d cleaned the house from top to bottom today. Glad about how the renovations were coming along, she loved the look of the off-white wooden floors she’d had installed. The renovations were moving at a quick pace, making Kayla very happy. If things went as planned, maybe they’d be moved in by Christmas. 
Definitely before the New Year. Kayla looked out the window and fixated her gaze on the ocean. Grey clouds floated in the sky over the dull blue sea. Waves crashed along the edges of the soft sand. A white sailboat cruised the waters in the far distance. Playing house, Richmond’s never going to marry you, her conscious warned inside her head. Bottom lip folding under from her negative thoughts, Kayla turned from the window and made her way into the kitchen. 
The beach theme throughout the house seemed to come together perfectly with the help of her interior decorator. Grey painted walls, stone white glass cabinets in the kitchen, and light blue sofas in the family room, she could live here forever, and hopefully she would. 
Wanting to touch up the stove just a little bit more, she grabbed the oven cleaner, a small bucket of water, and a clean rag. Lowering the latch, she got down on her knees and sprayed the oven cleaner inside the stove. Circling the rag on the bottom of the oven, she heard the sliding glass door open. 
“Mommy!” CJ screamed. “Look what I got!” Kayla stood to see what all the ruckus was about. As Richmond closed the sliding glass door, CJ and Isabelle were running up to her, carrying pails and shovels in their hands. “We found seashells, Mommy!”
“You did?” Kayla wiped her flat dirty hands on her worn jeans. She peered down at CJ’s pail, loaded with beautiful seashells. “Wow. Looks like you both found a lot.”
Isabelle extended her pail towards Kayla’s face. “I found some, too, Mommy!”
Oh geez. She called me Mommy. As Kayla’s eyes met with Richmond’s, she felt a shock run through her. Unsure of how to respond, she chose her words carefully. 
Not wanting to hurt Isabelle’s feelings, Kayla stooped down in front of her and cupped her tiny little shoulders. “Isabelle, I’m not so sure if you should call me Mommy, sweetheart.”
Isabelle’s head tilted. “But I want you to be my mommy.”
Brushing her long, curly hair, Kayla’s heart turned to mush. She and this darling little girl shared a strong, special bond. She loved Isabelle like a daughter, so she definitely understood where the precocious kid was coming from. “I know you want me to be your mommy, Isabelle. But it’s important that you remember you already have a mommy. Your mother is in Heaven, and she loves you.”
Isabelle nodded. “I know. My mommy told me so when she came to see me in my dream. I think my real mommy likes you. Can we go play with the seashells?”
Not sure how to respond, Kayla rose to her feet. Thank God Isabelle had changed the subject, because she didn’t know if she was doing a good job at trying to explain things to her. “Sure. CJ, don’t forget your father is coming to pick you up soon, so don’t get dirty.” 
“Yay! My daddy is coming to get me.” CJ was ecstatic about seeing his father, Carson. 
As soon as Isabelle and CJ left the kitchen to go inside the garage, Kayla breathed out a deep breath. A despondent look took over Richmond’s features. “I’m so proud of the way you handled Isabelle.”
Kayla rubbed her arms. “I didn’t know what to say.”
“Me either. But I can assure you…your answer was way better than the one I probably would’ve given.”  
Skeptical to ask Richmond about Salina, Kayla nibbled her bottom lip. “There’s something I want to ask you, but I don’t want you to get mad at me for asking.”
“I don’t want you to ever fear asking me something. You may not like my answer, but I want you to be comfortable with coming to me about anything that concerns you. We’re about to move in together, share a life together. Communication is key in having a successful relationship.”
“So I can ask you anything?”
“Yes. Anything.”
Broaching a subject about Salina may make him sad. Knowing this, she grabbed his hand and led him to sofa. Sitting next to him, she grabbed both of his hands and linked her eyes with his. “I wanted to ask you about Salina.”
Richmond’s eyes turned dark and insolent from the mere mention of Salina’s name. “What is it you want to know about Salina?”
“When I look at Isabelle, she looks so much like the lady in the picture on her dresser. I guess I’m wondering if they had similar personalities?”
Richmond snarled. “No! Isabelle is nothing like her mother. She’s a good person.”
Was Salina a bad person? He seems like he despises her. Speaking with Richmond about his deceased wife, Kayla suddenly felt like she was entering dangerous territory. Like she was stepping on eggshells that’d break any minute now, placing her in a world of trouble, and a difficult situation. 
Skating on thin ice, Kayla pushed to learn more about Salina. Maybe if she learned more about Salina, it’d answer some of the questions she had. Like why was there a syringe and picture of her inside the safe inside her grandfather’s closet?  “Okay. So are you saying Salina was a bad person?”
Richmond’s weight shifted on the sofa. “Let’s just say she wasn’t the woman I thought she was.”
“Forgive me if I’m wrong, Richmond, but it seems like you’re mad at her, and I can’t help but wonder why. What did she do to make you feel the way you do? What did Salina do to hurt you?”
Shadows of annoyance crossed his face. “It’s private.”
“Okay. So she did hurt you?”
He gave her a black, layered look. “I’m sorry. We can talk about anything except for Salina. What she did to me is unforgiveable. I’ll never forgive her for it.”
“What did she do?” Kayla pressed. 
Richmond bolted from the couch. “I said drop it, Kay! Just drop it!” His face looked as if it were caving in. 
Ding dong. Ding dong. The newly installed doorbell chimed. Kayla put a hand to Richmond’s arm. “I’m sorry if I upset you. I won’t ever ask you about Salina again. But if you ever need or want to talk about her, just know I’m here for you.”
The hard lines in Richmond’s face disappeared. “I know, my love. Sorry for snapping at you. Maybe I can make it up to you later.”
Ding dong. Ding dong. 
Wanting to ease the tension that’d brewed between them, Kayla teased him. “I have the perfect present in mind for you to say you’re sorry with.”
“What?”
“This!” Kayla grabbed his shaft and squeezed. 
Richmond chuckled. “You can always get that. Think of something better.”
She pecked his lips. “Trust me. There’s nothing better than making love with you.” Bedazzling him with a smile, she turned and headed for the door. 
“You’re my kind of woman!” he shouted after her, heading to the garage to get the kids. 
Bracing herself, Kayla grasped the door knob and pulled open the door. Carson stood on the porch wearing a white collared Polo shirt and a pair of khaki pants. “Come in.” Still hesitant about letting him take CJ off by himself, she stepped to the side. 
Carson’s eyes stretched wide as he stepped inside her home. “Is this where you’re going to be moving?”
“Yes. It’s still not finished yet, but hopefully it will be soon.” Closing the door, Kayla tried not to think negative about Carson. But with everything he’d put her through, how could she not? It just seemed like…out of the blue, he wanted to start doing right by her and CJ. Was it possible that he’d changed? Or was it that he didn’t want her, but didn’t want anyone else to have her either? Knowing Carson the way she did, it was the latter, she thought, entering CJ’s soon-to-be bedroom. 
Richmond handed Kayla CJ’s backpack. Using a washrag, he then wiped CJ’s face and hands. “Are you ready to go with your father?” Richmond asked CJ. 
Uncertainty showed on CJ’s face, especially in his eyes. “I don’t want to go no more.”
Kayla caressed his back, trying to comfort him. “Ah, CJ. Your father is so happy about spending time with you. The two of you will have so much fun. Let’s not keep him waiting.” She grabbed CJ’s hand and headed out of the room. 
Richmond, Kayla, Isabelle, and CJ entered the living room looking like a loveable family. Richmond and Carson nodded at one another, but neither of them bothered to open their mouths to speak, causing Kayla to feel extremely uncomfortable. 
With CJ standing by her side, Kayla handed Carson CJ’s bag, then she bent down and kissed CJ’s cheek. “Please have him back by seven. He has school tomorrow.”
“School? Where does he go to school?” Carson asked.
“He’s home-schooled. I teach him.”
Carson smiled down at CJ, then ruffled the hair on top of his head. “Are you ready to go have some fun, CJ?”
CJ pouted. “I don’t want to go with you.” 
“Why not?” Carson responded.
CJ shrugged. “Because I don’t know you. I want to stay here and play with Isabelle.”
Carson picked CJ up, and what in the world did he do that for? CJ hollered at the top of his lungs. Wriggling and writhing in Carson’s arms, CJ extended his arms towards Richmond. “I don’t want to go! I don’t want to go!”
Tears welled in Kayla’s eyes. Seeing how frightened CJ was, her heart broke. “But CJ, you said earlier you wanted your father to come get you.” 
Then Isabelle started screaming, “Don’t take him! He’s scared!” 
When CJ reached for Richmond for the fifth time, Richmond finally took him from Carson, and then he picked up Isabelle, too. Carson’s facial expression remained intact, which really made her feel as if he’d changed. Now cradled inside Richmond’s arms, both CJ and Isabelle stopped crying. 
“I have an idea,” Carson said. “How about we all go out to dinner, including you, Richmond. My treat.”
But he’s too broke to pay me my child support.
Richmond’s eyes assessed Carson sharply. “I can’t. I’m busy. But I think you should go, Kay.”
Kayla detected a sense of approval in Richmond’s tone a few seconds ago. “Are you sure you don’t mind?”
“I’m positive. CJ needs to get comfortable with him first before he goes off with him by himself. Would you like for your mother to go with you, CJ?” Richmond asked, wiping his wet eyes with the pad of his thumb.
CJ nodded. “Yes. Mommy, come with me, please?” 
“I didn’t bring any extra clothes over here, so we’re going to have to go to the park or something. Give me a few minutes to at least comb my hair, though.”


AFTER ALL THAT TALK ABOUT how he had wanted to spend time with his father, Kayla couldn’t believe the way CJ had showed out on Carson. Now as she sat on the bench at the park down the street from SugarKanes, watching them throw the Frisbee, she was glad the two of them were getting better acquainted. Although Richmond was a great man, CJ needed to know his real father. Just like Isabelle needed to always remember her real mother. 
CJ tossed the Frisbee to Carson, then ran and hopped on the swing. After pushing him a few times, CJ decided he wanted to go play on the sliding board. He slid over and over down that darn sliding board. 
Leaving him to play by himself, Carson headed in her direction. “He’s having a great time,” he said, coming to a stop in front of her.
Forcing herself to smile, she said, “Yes. He is. We got off to a rough start. But I think next time will be better–if there is a next time.” Kayla highly doubted after today Carson would come back again. 
“Oh, there’s definitely going to be a next time. In fact, I moved here last week just so I could be closer to him. I want to be a big part of CJ’s life.” Sincerity washed over his face. 
Carson’s admission left her momentarily speechless. “You what?! You’re lying. You’re just pulling my leg.” 
Carson took a seat on the bench beside her. “No. I’m not. I’m renting an apartment not far from the Tanger Outlet Mall right now. But as soon as I find a job, I’m going to buy a house.” To verify what he was saying, Carson pulled out his driver’s license and showed it to Kayla. Sure enough, he was now a resident of Hilton Head Island. 
“You moved here without a job just so you could be closer to CJ?” How can he afford to do such a thing? 
“Yes. I did. But don’t worry, I’m going to make sure I pay you your child support on time from now on.” 
Okay. No job and he moved here; he’s definitely changed. I wonder what made him come to his senses. Something had to have happened. “Did you break up with Tricia?”
“Yeah. Tricia and I have been over for a while now. But that has nothing to do with why I moved here, Kayla. You. I moved her for you, too. When I told you I wanted you back while at Isabelle’s party, I was dead serious. I miss you. For the sake of our son, will you please consider giving me one more chance?” 
Puckering his lips together, Carson leaned into Kayla, going in for a big kiss. Kayla slapped the living heck out of him! Frowning, she jumped up from the bench and glared down at him. “Carson Terrell Crawford! Any thoughts you have of the two of us getting back together are useless! It’ll never happen! Even if I didn’t love Richmond, I wouldn’t want you!” She hated being so blunt, but with a man like Carson, she had to be. Bluntness was the only kind of language he understood. 
Watching her hand materialize on his face, Kayla’s face scrunched and she was ready to go home to be with her man. The only man for her—Richmond. 






“SO HOW DID THINGS GO with Kayla yesterday?” the killer asked Carson, pressing the pre-paid cell to his ear, glaring out the window inside his family room. Dark clouds formed in the sky. Leaves on the trees rustled. 
“I piqued her interest about the two of us reuniting, and she’s not interested just yet,” Carson confirmed. 
Dissatisfied with Carson’s answer, the killer cringed. “I paid you a lot of money to make her fall in love with you again. And I expect you to make it happen.”
“It’ll happen. Just give me some time. The one thing Kayla has never been able to do is get me out of her system. A few more dates and some time together, and I’m going to have Kayla eating out of the palms of my hands. She’ll be dropping her panties for me faster than you can blink your eyes. Just you wait and see,” Carson spoke with great confidence. 
Highly doubting Kayla would leave Richmond for Carson, the killer cleared his throat. Tried to maintain hopeful. “I’m glad you think highly of yourself, Carson. Trying to take Kayla away from my son isn’t going to be easy,” Russell snorted. 
Chelsey snuck up behind Russell, wrapped her arms around his waist, and squeezed the living crap out of him. “When you gon’ make some time for me, Big Daddy?” Chelsey slid her hand inside his pants, raked his testicles with her nails, then squeezed his flaccid shaft. 
Damn, Russell hated when Chelsey snuck up on him like she had. “We’ll talk soon.” Displeased with Carson’s results, he ended the call. Shaft throbbing, he turned around, pushed Chelsey on the sofa, then jumped on top of her like white on rice. “Come here, girl, and give Big Daddy some loving.” 
Around 5 pm, Russell laid in his bed downstairs, with Chelsey sleeping hard and snoring next to him. Worried if Carson could convince Kayla to take him back, he fought hard to keep tears from falling from his eyes. Fully aware that he was one sick, selfish bastard, sharp pains prickled his chest near his heart. 
Done with his short nap, he kicked the covers off his feet, crawled out of bed, and walked into his study. The only place where he found solace. The one place he could be who he truly was—a murderer. 
Making sure the door to his office was locked, Russell did the usual. He removed the painting of his favorite horse, Gypsy Rose, from the wall. Unlocked the safe. Grabbed his diary and favorite pen. Then sat in his recliner in front of the window. Heavy burden weighted his restless spirit as he stared out the window. 
Dark clouds now spread in sheets over his wide land. Wind blew the leaves on the trees, making them rustle harder. Drizzles of rain poured from the sky. 
Chest tightening, he flipped to the next blank page in his diary and put the tip of the pen on the first line. 



Dear Diary,
I feel horrible. Like God wasted his time when he made me. He did. 
As much as I love my son, Richmond, I can’t stop the madness going on inside my head. I can’t stop doing everything possible to protect myself from being found out. I even went as low as to pay Kayla’s ex, Carson, to pretend like he’s interested in her, just so she won’t find out about me. 
While I don’t have any hard feelings towards Kayla, I know she’s smart. If she sticks around, it’ll only be a matter of time before she realizes that it was me riding in the car with her grandfather the night he got in the car accident. When I’d confided in Leroy about what I did to Salina, he went nuts inside the head. Haywire. He’d gotten so upset, he’d called Kayla, and that’s when I grabbed the wheel and the car slammed into the tree. 
Panic stricken, I’d hopped out of the car and had run as fast as I could to his house. Wanting to make my dear friend Leroy Van Buren look like a murderer, I planted Salina’s picture and the syringe in the hidden safe he’d always talked about. 

At the sound of the doorbell ringing, Russell lifted his eyes from his diary. The doorbell rang again, verifying he hadn’t been hearing things. Maybe Suade had come by to visit, like he said he would. If Chelsey knew what was good for her, she’d better stay hidden in his bedroom like he’d taught her to do whenever he had a visitor. 
Locking the safe with his diary inside, he rehung the picture and made his way to the door. He placed his eyes over the peephole. Seeing Kayla standing on his porch shielding herself with a black umbrella, his chest rattled like he had mucus in his lungs. Dear Lord, could she be there to confront him? The question in his mind stabbed at his heart. For her sake, and his, he prayed not. 
Fear knotted Russell’s stomach as he pulled open the front door. “Hi, Kayla. What a mighty nice surprise.” 
Kayla’s mouth pulled into a sour grin, like she was sad about something. “Hi, Russell. I’m sorry to come by here without calling, but I really need to speak with you in person.”
“Sure, come right on in.” Kayla lowered her umbrella, stood it in the corner of the porch, then entered his home. Even the muscles in Russell’s back ached as he led her through the foyer, then into his family room. “Have a seat.” He gestured to the sofa. 
“Thanks.” Kayla took a seat on the sofa. “You have a beautiful home.”
“Thanks.” Russell sat on the couch across from where Kayla sat and crossed his legs at the knees. “So what brings you by?” His nerves jittered inside his gut. She’s on to me. 
Her expression grew more serious. “I need your help, and I have nowhere to turn.”
“What’s going on?”
Kayla reached inside her purse, pulled out a picture, and handed it to Russell. Russell’s chest throbbed as he gazed down at the picture of him and Leroy clutched between his hands. Dear God, she knows. She knows I killed Salina. Bile surged to the top of Russell’s round stomach, and he felt like he’d throw up any minute now. His life as he saw it was over. Doomed. Shot to hell. 
Kayla took a deep breath. “You lied to me, Russell. You said you didn’t know my grandfather, and I want to know why.”
Russell swiped his hand down his trembling face. “Oh, this is the Leroy you were talking about," he said, trying to play it off. “Yeah, I know him.” He tapped his finger on Leroy’s face. 
Kayla’s arched brows indicated she knew that Russell had known the Leroy she was talking about all along. “I need your help. Without going into detail, I think my grandfather was in trouble the night he died, but I’m not sure. You and he were friends. Do you by any chance have any information about where he was coming from the night he got into the car crash? Or do you by any chance know who he was with the night he died?”
Grief threaded through Russell’s blood like thick yarn threading through a needle, clogging his arteries. Handing the picture back to Kayla, he felt as if she could see straight through him and his lies. For all he knew, she had a wire on her and was recording everything they talked about. 
“I’m so sorry, Kayla, but I don’t have any knowledge of what went on with your grandfather the night he died.” Now get the hell out of my house, and don’t ever come back! Carson’s got to get your nosy behind out of here. Like yesterday. Like tonight. You’re nothing but trouble. 
Kayla’s squirrel-shaped eyes rounded with sadness. “Thanks for listening to me.” She stood. “If you hear of anything, will you please let me know?”
Russell patted her on the back. “Sure, I will. Does Richmond know you’re here?”
Kayla shook her head. “No. I wasn’t sure if you’d want him to know that you and my grandfather were friends, so I didn’t say anything about coming over here to him.”
Begrudging Richmond’s love interest, Russell laid a heavy hand on Kayla’s shoulders. “I think it’s best if you don’t tell Richmond you paid me a visit. He and I are just getting our relationship back on track. And well, well, if he thinks I’m back to lying all the time again, it’ll stunt the growth of our relationship. By the way, I think you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to my son.” When the words came out of his mouth, he almost choked. 
Believing him, Kayla’s mouth eased into the prettiest smile. For a second, he almost felt sorry about what he’d planned on doing to her. “Have a good night.” She pulled open the door, let up her umbrella, then walked outside in the now thundering rain. 
Disgruntled, Russell shut the door. Gas-like pains roiled in his gut and shot to his chest. Experiencing chest discomfort, he placed a hand over his heart. Salina’s dead because of me. Leroy is dead because of me. I destroyed Leslie’s life. Destroyed Richmond’s life. Oh God, I destroyed my granddaughter’s life. I had no right to take Isabelle’s mother from her. Had no right to kill…Salina. 
A sharp pain stabbed Russell’s chest. Gasping for air, his vision blurred. Feeling like he was having a heart attack, he prayed that if he died, he’d go to Heaven instead of hell. Struggling to breathe, he leaned against the door. He parted his mouth to call for Chelsey, but only a quick breath came out. Death’s coming to get me, and I’m going straight to fucking hell. Riveting in pain, grunting, and unable to move, he squeezed his eyes together. 
“Who was at the door?” he heard Chelsey ask, standing behind him. “Russell, are you okay?” She placed her hand on his shoulder. “Russell! Russell!”
Slowly turning to face her, clenching his pained heart, he slumped to the floor and landed on his back. Glaring up at Chelsey’s white, blurry face, the last person on his mind was Salina. Russell inhaled a deep breath. The space around him slowly turned pitch black. 






BACK AT THE ESTATE ON Spaulding Drive, Richmond put on the movie “Frozen” for Isabelle and CJ, and they happily sat on the floor inside the living room, watching it for the umpteenth time. Wondering why it’d taken Kayla so long to go back to her home just to get an overnight bag, he walked over to the window and closed the blinds. 
Thunder crackled. Lightning flashed. Sheets of rain poured from the sky, drenching the land. Becoming worried about Kayla driving in the nasty weather, an eerie feeling swept over him. Chills engulfed him. He’d be so glad when Kay returned and walked through the back door. 
Listening for the sound of the kitchen door to open, he turned and headed for the front. Standing inside the living room, he eased the drapes to the side and put two fingers between the slits in the blinds, separating them. Wishing Kay would hurry up and pull into the driveway, knots twisted at the top of his stomach. “The weather is terrible. Hurry up and get home, Kay.” Trying to shake the bad feeling wrestling inside him, he shook his head. 
Thunder roared, shaking the house. White lightning zigzagged over the estate. Weary, his heart thudded in his chest. 
Terrified, Isabelle and CJ came running inside the living room. Right when he hefted them in his arms, he gazed out the window and saw lightning strike an oak in his front yard. Yikes! Backing up into the foyer, holding the children tight, he watched in horror as the huge tree fell on the house with a loud bang, puncturing the roof. 
Splinters of bark protruded through the ceiling. The outside rain now poured into his living room. Suddenly, the lights blew out.
On edge, Richmond’s cell buzzed inside his pants. Placing the kids on their feet, he told them everything would be fine. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you. I promise.” Without looking at the Caller ID, he hurried to answer the call. “Kay. Where are you?”
“Richmond. It’s me, Chelsey. Your father has had a heart attack. You need to get to the hospital now.”
A heart attack? Jesus Christ! “Russell had a heart attack?”
“Yes.”
The bad news shook him to the core. “How’s he doing?”
Chelsey’s voice cracked. “Not good. Just hurry up and get here. Get here as fast as you can.”
“I’ll get there as soon as I can.” Richmond’s whole body stiffened. 
“It’s raining horrible outside!” Kayla burst through the side garage door. A second later, she entered the room and walked up to Richmond. Water soaked her hair and clothing. Tilting her head, she observed his face. “I pulled in the garage right before the tree fell on the house.”  The skin on his face strained. “Baby, what’s wrong?” 
Richmond’s heart tempted to shatter. “It’s Russell.”
Her round eyes grew wide with concern. “What about Russell?”
“He had a heart attack.”
Kayla slapped a hand over her mouth. “Oh God. When? Is he okay?”
“I don’t know. I’m on my way to the hospital now.”
“I’m coming with you.”
“No. You need to stay here with the kids. I don’t want them going to the hospital, especially in this bad weather.” After Richmond placed several candles throughout the downstairs part of the house, he returned to the living room, where Kayla and the kids still were. He pulled his keys from his pocket. “I’m glad you made it home safe.” Kissing her on the cheek, gloom ate his insides up. 
In a hurry to get to the hospital, he flung open the front door and jogged down the stairs. Rain pelted his scalp as he scurried to his Range Rover. Sliding between the steering wheel and seat soaking wet, he stuck the key in the ignition and drove away. 
Driving down Spaulding Drive, Richmond’s mind flashed back to the night he’d found Salina in their bed dying. Salina’s death had destroyed the relationship he’d had with God prior. Halfway believing in God and halfway not, he hadn’t really spent much time with God since that horrible night she’d died in his arms. Now, he needed God. He needed God to save his father. 
“Dear God. If you save my father…I promise I’ll never doubt your existence again.”


KAYLA HUDDLED WITH THE CHILDREN on the sofa inside the dark family room. Hugging CJ to her left and Isabelle to her right, guilt made her sick to her stomach. Oh God, had she caused Russell to have a heart attack? Had thinking about her grandfather’s death pushed him over the edge? Made him go into cardiac arrest?
Sniffling, Kayla’s nose burned as she fought back her tears. If Russell died, it’d be all her fault. She should’ve never went over to his home to question him about the night her grandfather had died and their friendship. Now, not only had she put his life in jeopardy, she’d put her relationship with Richmond at stake as well. 
If Richmond found out that she’d lied to him about her whereabouts and had been with his father tonight, right before he had the heat attack, he’d think she was a big liar and probably end their relationship. Even worse, if he found out her grandfather had killed Salina while on one of his doctor house visits, he’d hate her for all eternity. Her life was quickly spinning out of control, and it wasn’t a darn thing she could do about it. 
Terrified of Russell’s outcome, Kayla closed her eyes and prayed harder than she’d ever prayed before. She prayed Russell pulled through. Prayed for God to save him. 
Reopening her eyes, Kayla stared at the wick on the candle burning inside the jar on the table. Wishing the lights would hurry up and come back on, her cell buzzed on the table next to the candle. She leapt up and answered it. Swiping the screen, she barely had the phone to her ear before saying, “How’s he doing?”
“I’m doing great now that I’ve heard your voice. Your voice is like sweet music to my ears,” Carson said in a chipper tone. 
Disappointed, Kayla sucked her teeth. Call her ungrateful, but a part of her wished he’d never moved to Hilton Head. Although she wanted what was best for CJ, Carson was really getting on her nerves with his constant attempts to pursue her. 
“Hi, Carson.” There wasn’t any enthusiasm to her voice. 
“Have you given any more thought to us getting remarried so we can raise our son together? Before you answer, think about what’s best for CJ. Kids benefits from being raised by both of their parents in the same home.”
“Carson, I’ve had a rough night. So if you’re not calling about CJ, I’m going to hang up.” Pain throbbed at her temples. 
“You sound terrible. Did you and Richmond get into an argument?”
“No. It’s nothing like that,” she choked out. “His father had a heart attack.” And it’s all my fault. 
“Who, Russell?” Carson’s voice pitched. 
“Yes.” Wait a minute. How did Carson know Russell’s name? Knowing him, he probably looked it up on the Internet. All in her business like this made her uncomfortable. Oh, well maybe he met him at Isabelle’s birthday party. 
“How is he doing?”
“I don’t know.” Her cell buzzed. She spied the Caller ID. Richmond’s name and picture glowed on her screen. “Hey, this is Richmond. I gotta go.”
“Call me—” 
Before Carson could finish his sentence, she’d clicked over. “How’s Russell?”
“Not good. It’s bad, Kay. Real bad. The doctor’s said if he makes it, it’ll be a miracle. Chelsey said he had a visitor right before he collapsed. I wished I knew who it was, because something tells me his visitor is responsible for him lying up in this damn hospital bed. Fighting for his life.”
Chelsey was there; she saw me. “We have to believe that your family will be fine. Let’s pray.”  Kayla tried to keep her fragile control and not think the worst. Not cry. Or get discouraged. 
“Other than a few words, I’m not good at praying, Kay,” Richmond muttered. 
“Just listen to me, and I’ll guide you.” Kayla got down on her knees in front of the sofa. Clutching the phone between her shoulder and ear, she put her hand in a prayer symbol and told the children who were on their knees beside her to do the same. Bowing their heads, she led Richmond, CJ, and Isabelle into a heart-tendering prayer for Russell. 
Two hours later, Kayla lay in the bed downstairs, sandwiched between the children. Finally, they’d fallen asleep. Listening to the unrelenting rain continuously clank on the ceiling, her eyes drifted closed. Draping her arms around CJ and Isabelle, she released a long yawn. 
Their young bodies felt warm snuggled into her as they lay beneath the thick comforter. As little as they were, they gave her mild comfort. Refusing to keep a secret from Richmond any longer, she made up her mind that as soon as he returned from the hospital, she was going to tell him everything. Tell him that she was the last person to see Russell before he had his heart attack. Tell him that her grandfather may have killed Salina. And tell him she’d buried the murder weapon at the river down the street from her house after Jason caught her holding it in her hand. Hopefully, Chelsey wouldn’t beat her to the punch and tell him about her visit with Russell first. 
Thunder roamed lightly over the estate. Kayla’s eyes fluttered open, and she looked straight across the room towards the door. Lightning flashed inside the room, and she could’ve sworn she saw Chelsey standing in the doorway of her room with her hair soaking wet, holding a sharp knife. Terrified, she leapt up in bed. 
Blinking, lightning flashed again. Like magic, Chelsey had vanished. Please let her be seeing things, she thought, scampering across the room, then locking the door. Where’s Richmond’s dog, Killer, when I need him?
Kayla’s phone buzzed on the nightstand. She darted across the room to answer it. Spying the screen, she saw it was her sister, Alana. “Alana.” Her hands trembled as she held the phone to her ear. 
“I made it home for break, Sis! I love the way your man fixed up the house. It’s beautiful, Sis.”
Heart thundering inside her chest, Kayla peeped through the slits in the blinds to see if she could spot Chelsey out there, but it was too dark. “I think someone broke inside the house,” she whispered. 
Alana’s shocking gasp came through the phone. “I’m on my way over there. Call the police from your house phone while you’re on the phone with me.”
“I can’t; the electricity is out.”
“Well, click over and do it.” Alana’s worrisome tone did very little to soothe the fear she was experiencing. “I’m in the car now. Lock yourself inside a room, and don’t come out.”
“Okay. I’m going to click over now.”
“Wait. Who do you think may have broken in?”
“I know for sure it was Chelsey Wimberly.” 






UTTER MISERY LURKED INSIDE RICHMOND as he stood over his father’s hospital bed, surrounded by his family. Unconscious, all these tubes were hooked up to Russell’s body. He had no clue how to read the vitals machine over Russell’s bed. The way the big tube sticking from his mouth rocked Russell’s chest made Richmond want to leave the cold room.
His mother, Leslie, wiped her eyes with the tissue in her hand. “I know we argue all the time, but I don’t hate Russell. In a weird kind of way, I love him.”
Suade patted Leslie’s back. “Mom, we know you love Dad. If you didn’t, you wouldn’t have him over for dinner every Sunday.”
Leslie cupped Russell’s hand and squeezed. “Russell. It’s me, Leslie. God is in control of this situation. He’s going to pull you through. When you wake up, you’re going to be a brand new man. A better man. A stronger man.”
Refusing to cry, Richmond’s eyes burned. For his mother to have the heart to forgive Russell after all the horrible things he’d done to her, she was a strong, remarkable woman. And he had a woman just like his mother—Kay. “I’m so proud of you, Mom.”
Tears came into her eyes. “Why?”
“You don’t even realize it. Your ability to forgive Dad is what has kept this family together for all these years.”
Pursing her lips together, Leslie’s head tilted. “Your dad may not make the best decisions all the time. And Lord knows he’s selfish, and sometimes he can be ruthless, but he really does have a good heart. Sometimes he makes the wrong decisions, but in his mind it’s for the right reasons.”
“Do you think he’s going to pull through?” Suade asked his mother.
Sniffing, Leslie released a light laugh. “Of course he will. Russell Spaulding is too darn stubborn to die.”
Richmond’s baby brother, Dirk, emerged inside the room. “How’s Dad?” Sorrow laced his deep voice. 
“Dirk,” his mother said on a sob. She held out her arms. “How’s my baby doing?” Dirk stalked up to Leslie, threw his arms around her shoulders, and broke down. “Ah, Dirk. Don’t cry. Your father is going to be just fi—”
Russell’s body jerked. His eyes flew open. His hands gripped the thick tube inside his mouth, and he yanked it out. “Di…dir…” Sounding like he was trying to mutter Dirk’s name, Russell’s words trailed off. The vitals machine bleeped. The green numbers on the machine blinked sporadically. 
“Oh Lord! Somebody get the doctor!” Leslie shouted. 
With his heart beating rapidly inside his chest, Richmond fled from the room and ran down the hallway. Running toward the nurse’s station, a flock of doctors and nurses ran past him and directly into his father’s room. Out of breath, he leaned his back up against the wall and hoped for the best.


THE FOLLOWING MORNING, RICHMOND DROVE his Range Rover up the length of his driveway and grimaced at the huge oak lying on top of his home. The way the sun shined brightly this morning, you’d never think a hail storm had come through town last night the way it had. 
Sitting in the passenger seat beside him, Dirk gave him a strange look. “Thank God no one got hurt. The tree is literally inside your living room.” 
“Told you it was bad.”
“Bad ain’t the word. Catastrophic is more like it, Bro.”
“Come on inside so you can meet Kay.”
A broad smile moved on Dirk’s face. “She must be something else to get you to renovate the beach house just for her. I must admit, I’m going to miss hanging out in your man cave whenever I come home to visit. The women love it when I take them there.” Chuckling, Dirk climbed out of the car. 
As the two men strode up the driveway, Richmond slapped Dirk on the back. “So who are you dating now?”
Dirk gave his head a hard shake, with a light chuckle. “You know me. I have too many women too count. That settling down mess is for you, not for me.”
Richmond threw back his head and let laughter escape him. “When you find the right woman, you’ll be ready to settle down.”
“I’m never settling down. You’d best believe that.”
Richmond and Dirk hiked up the steps of the porch, then entered the house. The fragrance of freshly baked cinnamon rolls sailed up Richmond’s nostrils as he rounded the kitchen to find a pretty young lady along with Kayla sitting at his dining table. 
As soon as Richmond’s eyes linked with Kayla’s, she jumped up from the chair, ran up to him, and threw her arms around his shoulders. “I’m so glad you’re home.” Curling her hands around his arms, she pried herself away from him. “How’s Russell?”
“He’s doing remarkably good,” Richmond remarked. 
Putting her hand over her chest, Kayla sighed. “Thank God. I was worried sick about him.”
“The doctors said if he keeps improving, he’ll be out the hospital in a few days.”
“Did you ever find out who was with him before he collapsed?” Kayla questioned. 
“No, but I plan to.”
Richmond’s eyes transferred to the pretty woman sitting at the table inside his kitchen. “Who’s this pretty young lady?” 
Kayla’s mouth went to smiling. “Oh, this is my sister, Alana.” Alana rose from her chair and walked over to where Richmond, Kayla, and Dirk stood. Kayla eyed his brother. “You must be Dirk…Richmond’s brother.”
“Yes, I’m Dirk. Nice meeting you both.” Dirk shook both of the ladies’ hands. Suddenly, his lips lifted into a handsome smile. “I see why you’re moving in with her. My gracious, she’s as pretty as you, Mom, and Suade said. Are you a model?” he asked Kayla. 
Kayla blushed. “No, far from it.”
“Well, as beautiful as you are, you should be.” Dirk transferred his gaze to Alana. “What about you? Are you into modeling?”
Alana’s cheeks turned red. Blushing, she touched her chest. “Who, me? No. I’m finishing up my last year in college.”
“Oh yeah. Me, too. What are you studying?”
“Fashion.”
“I’m studying photography.”
Electrical sparks ignited between Dirk and Alana as they got wrapped up in their own conversation. 
“Uncle Dirk!” Isabelle shouted, running up to Dirk. 
Dirk crouched, spread his arms wide, and gave Isabelle a big hug. Just then, CJ entered the room. “Your name must be CJ.” The tip of CJ’s finger rested on his lip, and he nodded. “Come and give your Uncle Dirk a hug.” CJ ran and gave Dirk a big hug. “Nice family you have here, Richmond.” Dirk rose to his feet. “Would you guys like to play hide and seek?”
“Yeah!” Isabelle and CJ responded synchronously. 
“Well, go get your shoes and meet me in the back yard. You can come, too,” Dirk said to Alana. That was just like Dirk; youthful, and playful. 
A smile moved onto Alana’s face. Richmond saw her eyes twinkle, too. “Okay. Let’s go.” 
The crew left the kitchen, leaving Richmond and Kayla alone. “Are you hungry? I can whip up some eggs and bacon. The cinnamon rolls just came out of the oven. I have—”
“I’m hungry, but not for food.” Richmond’s firm lips covered hers. Sliding his tongue inside her mouth, he wrapped his arms around her waist. As their kiss deepened, passion radiated inside him. Eager to make love to Kay, his shaft hardened. 
His father’s heart attack had reminded him about how short life was. Made him see that the most important thing in life was family. Unable to imagine his life without Kay, he wanted her to become a permanent part of his family. As soon as he got the roof fixed, he was going shopping for Kay a wedding ring, and he was going to ask her to marry him. 
Sexually aroused, Richmond’s rod throbbed against his zipper. His mouth gliding over Kayla’s, he released her sweet lips. He cupped her neck and pulled it forward. “My father’s heart attack made me see things clearer. I love you, Kay. I want you and CJ to be a part of my life—forever.”
“I want that, too, Richmond. There’s something I need to tell you. Can we go inside the bedroom and talk?”
“Let’s get married, Kay.” Richmond’s hands traveled up to her face, where he cupped her brownish-red cheeks. Her glassy eyes filled with joy. Her brown, soft lips quivered. “Are you on board, Kay? Will you do me the honor and become my wife?”
Smiling, Kay’s head nodded profusely in his hands. “Yes. Yes, Richmond. I’d be honored to marry you.”
“Let’s do it by Christmas.”
Tears settled on her long eyelashes. “That’s quick. That’s only in a few weeks.”
“I know. But with all the money I have, I can hire the best wedding planner. Two if you need me to. Three. I can hire all the help you need to make it happen by Christmas.”
“A Christmas wedding sounds perfect.”
Richmond jerked Kay off her feet, carried her to the bedroom, and locked the door. Cradling her in his arms, he dropped her on the bed and made deep, passionate love to his soon-to-be wife. 






ALANA’S COMPLEXION GLOWED AS SHE sat across the kitchen table from Kayla at her home on the other side of town. “I’m telling you, Sis. I’ve never had chemistry this quick with any guy before. Dirk is so smooth and charismatic. If Richmond is anything like his brother, Dirk, I can see why you agreed to marry him.” As Alana went on and on about how much she liked Dirk, a red tint colored her smiling cheeks. 
Bewildered, Kayla picked up her cup of lemony tea and took a sip. Richmond had given her the day off so she could plan their wedding, but now as she sat across the table from her sister, she decided she wasn’t going to marry him. At least not until she told him the truth about her grandfather. 
Pondering over her sudden decision, the warm liquid glided down Kayla’s throat. “I’m not going to marry Richmond just yet.” Watching the surprise expression develop on Alana’s golden brown face, she lowered her mug to the table. 
Clasping her fingers, Alana leaned into the table. “Please tell me you’re playing, Sis?”
A hard knot twisted Kayla’s stomach. “No, Alana. I’m dead serious.”
Her sister’s mouth dropped open. “Have you lost your mind?!”
“No. There’s something I have to tell you. I should’ve told you a long time ago, but I didn’t want to upset you.”
“I don’t like the look on your face. You’re scaring me, Sis.”
Propping her elbows up on the table, Kayla’s lids slipped down over her eyes, then lifted. “If what I’m about to tell you is true…we both should be scared.” 
With despair clinging to her face, Alana propped her elbow up on the table, fisted her cheek, and took a deep swallow. “I don’t like the sound of this.”
“A while back, while cleaning out Granddaddy’s closet, I found a safe. There was a picture of Salina and a syringe inside the safe. Well, as you already know, Granddaddy used to make house doctor visits.”
“Yeah. And…”
“And I think he—”
Alana interjected, “Please don’t say it, Kay. Please don’t tell me. I don’t want to hear it.” Alana hopped up from her seat and hurried over to the kitchen sink. Glaring out the window, she covered her ears. 
Kayla’s heart broke for both her and Alana as she walked up behind her. Placing a gentle hand to Alana’s shoulder, she gestured for her to turn around. “I think Granddaddy made a house visit with Salina while she was sick, and killed her.” Tears poured from Kayla’s eyes. “Knowing that our grandfather murdered her, I can’t marry Richmond. I love him too much to betray him and keep a secret like this from him. It’s been eating me up on the inside.” Kayla’s hands swiped at her tears. 
Alana tore a paper towel from the roller and handed it to Kayla. “Oh, Sis. Don’t cry. Just tell Richmond the truth and let him decide if he wants to still get married or not.”
Kayla dabbed the paper towel at the corners of her eyes. “I’m going to tell him later on today. I tried telling him yesterday, but all he wanted to do was make love to me, and sleep. After the horrible night he’d had at the hospital, and with the tree falling on the house, I felt he needed some rest. But I plan on telling him today.”
“I agree. You have to tell him.” Alana threw her arms up in the air. “Well, there goes my fantasy about Dirk and me.” 
Kayla’s eyes fixated on the time on the microwave. “Dang. Look at the time. I’m supposed to meet Richmond at the beach house by three-thirty. The furniture for our master bedroom is being delivered today.”
“Don’t tell him about Granddaddy until after you break the bed in.”
Kayla couldn’t help but laugh at what her sister said. 


TWO HOURS AFTER THE FURNITURE had been delivered to the beach house, Richmond and Kayla strolled along the soft sand of the ocean, holding hands. Darkness was quickly approaching. Nervous to tell Richmond about Leroy, a cool breeze twirled up the ends of Kayla’s hair. 
Richmond squeezed Kayla’s hand. “I guess Isabelle’s Christmas wish for you to be her mother will soon come true.” Silence swayed in the air. Oh God, give her the strength to tell Richmond she wasn’t marrying him. 
Noticing an ivory colored beach canopy propped up in the sand a few feet away from her, Kayla’s heart wrenched. She gazed out at the water, then back at Richmond’s face. “Remember the other day, when I said I had something to tell you?”  Nervousness gripped her. 
The love Richmond felt for Kayla sparked inside his eyes. “Yes. You want to talk about it now?”
Fearful, Kayla nodded. God, please let him understand. “Yes. When I first moved here—”
“Excuse me, my cell is ringing.” Richmond dropped the cell to his hear. “What’s up?” Frowning, he rolled his eyes. His brows creased. “He what? When?” A deep sigh. “Well, he’s always been stubborn like that. Thinks he knows everything. Call me if you hear anything.” Shaking his head, he placed his cell back in the clip attached to his hip. “Russell decided to check himself out of the hospital without the doctor’s permission, and now he’s nowhere to be found. He left a note with one of the nurses, saying he was going away for a long time. I’m not letting him spoil my night with you. Come.” Tugging her hand, he led her farther down the beach toward the canopy. 
Building up the courage to tell Richmond about Leroy, she tried to wave aside her constant hesitancy. “As I was saying, there’s something I—”
Kayla’s breath caught when she stepped inside the large canopy. An ivory fur blanket lay spread on the sand. In the corner sat a huge blue crystal vase, overflowing with red roses. Two lanterns glowed brightly on the ground, casting their shadows on the back of the canopy’s fabric. 
Gazing heatedly into Kayla’s eyes, Richmond slid his hand inside his pocket and pulled out a tiny red velvet box. Holding the box up to her face, he popped back the lid. A huge round diamond glistened inside. 
She felt her eyes widen with astonishment. Her heartbeat soared. Gawking at the diamond, affections surged through her. 
“I know I’ve already asked you to marry me, and you agreed. But this ring is a symbol of my undying love for you, Kay. It makes our engagement official.” Smiling, Richmond plucked the diamond from the slit, grabbed Kayla’s hand, and slid the rock up her trembling wedding finger. 
Spreading her fingers, she brought her hand up to her smiling face. “It’s beautiful, Richmond. I love it.” Nose burning, she sniffed. Tears of joy shot to her eyes. 
As she dropped her wedding hand to her side, he cupped her neck and face. “I’m glad you like it, Kay. I love you, woman. I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you.” Richmond flopped down on the blanket, reached for Kayla’s hand, then pulled her into his lap. 
Curving his arms around her waist, he mashed the side of his face to hers. His flaccid rod turned to concrete against her butt. “There’s some gourmet sandwiches, salad, and pasta in the picnic basket. We can eat in a little if you want, but first let me just hold you. I love holding you. Love sitting here gazing out at the ocean with you in my arms. I can never get enough of you.” 
Pushing her long hair from her nape, he kissed her neck. Chills skittered up her spine. Holding her hand out, she looked at the ring glistening on her finger. She hated she had to give it back. God, why hadn’t she told him about Leroy a long time ago?
Putting her right hand to her wedding finger, Kayla’s lips threatened to erupt with a loud whimper. Still sitting with her back to him, he didn’t realize she was twisting the ring, trying to take it off so she could give it back to him. Some lucky woman other than her deserved this ring. 
Richmond slid his large hand into the low dip of her shirt and cupped her breast. Flicking his finger over her taut nipple, desire coursed through her veins. Need pooled in her core. She felt her center go slick between the fluttering lips of her labia. 
Richmond shifted her in his arms, forcing her sideways in his lap. Kayla gazed up at him to find his eyes flickering with heat. “Your eyes, they’re wet. I made you so happy, you’re about to cry.” Yes, she was about to cry, but not for the reason he believed. 
She parted her mouth to tell him it was over, but his lips crashed into hers, sending shock waves through her system. Listening to the ocean waves crash up against the edges of the sandy beach, she savored his tongue. Savored the present memory of the beautiful moment being shared between the two of them. This romantic moment would forever be embedded inside her head. Her heart. Her soul. 
Kissing her feverishly, Richmond slid his hands inside Kayla’s jeans, pushed her panties to the side, then inserted his fingers in her heat. Her entrance clenched with desire. “You’re hot and wet. Just like I like you.” Swirling his fingers inside her heat, she groaned huskily. Giving in to the tender strokes of his probing fingers, her hips began gyrating.
Latching on to his aroused gaze, her channel suctioned his fingers. Her body tensed. Electricity sizzled her skin, and she exploded. As her release squirted from her core into the flat palm of his hand and thrusting fingers, her body went rigid in his lap. 
“I feel you cumming, Kay. Cum. Cum,” he urged, continuing to pump her. 
Richmond rotated his arms, placing her beneath him. Hovering over her, he zipped down his jeans. Her eyes lowered to his lap. His shaft looked like a hard, chocolate banana. Firm. Delicious. Yearning to place him inside her mouth, Kayla’s mouth watered. Her tingling nipples snapped into hard peas. 
Flipping the script, knowing this may be her last time tasting him, she scooted down the fur, clenched his erection, and slid him in her mouth. Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, a dull ache formed in Kayla’s center. Although she’d just exploded on his fingers, she needed his member inside her opening. Needed to make tender, passionate love to her body one more time. 
Deep grunts and moans wound from Richmond’s lips as she curled her lips tighter around his solid tool. Palming the back of her head, he fisted his erection and fed it to her. Glided it over her moving lips. In and out of her mouth. Twirling her tongue over his bulbous head, she tenderly massaged his hard jewels. She placed her hands on his behind and felt the muscles of his butt cheeks flex and squeeze with every rock of his hips. 
Sucking the life out of him, she squeezed her jaws. His hands found her shoulders. A moment later, his fingers threaded her hair. He fisted his manhood, tried to pull out of her mouth, but she gripped him with the inner strong muscles of her cheeks. “Kay, stop. Let me go. I’m about to…” Ignoring him, she placed her fist beneath his and sucked harder. 
Kayla locked her gaze with Richmond’s. His eyes burst with flames. Rocking his hips, he thrust in and out of her mouth. She sucked him to the back of her throat, spat him out, then did it again. And again. 
Groaning hoarsely, he shuddered, then shot inside her mouth. Kayla’s cheeks expanded as his seed shattered on her tongue. Loving the taste of his milky fluid, she gladly swallowed it. 
Peering down at her, he put a finger to her chin and tilted her head back. “Whoa! I wasn’t expecting that.” He flopped down beside her on the fur. “I didn’t think you were the swallowing type.” 
His creamy, salty aftermath still clung to her tongue. “It was my first time, Richmond.”
Richmond dropped a quick kiss to her mouth. “Thanks for doing that for me. I enjoyed the hell out of it. But just so you know, I’d never ask you to do such a thing. I only want you to do it if you want to. That goes for everything. The only thing I want from you is to be happy. And to be mine.” Draping an arm around her shoulder, he pulled her closer into his masculine frame. 
His declaration caused a flash of wild grief to rip through her as she briefly stared at the ocean. Darkness had finally faltered upon them. “I know you put my needs first. My concerns first. My joy first. That’s why it’s killing me to tell you—”
Richmond’s cell buzzed again for the second time this evening. “I’m sorry, Kay. But I have to take this. It may be about my father. Hopefully, he took his behind back to the hospital.”
“I understand. Go ahead and answer it.”
“Hello.” Silence. His face crinkled. “Can this wait?” Nothing. “Okay, I’m on my way.” Richmond hopped to his feet. “I’m sorry to cut this short, but an emergency has come up and I gotta go.”
He reached for her hand and helped her to her feet. “Where are you going?”
“I’ll tell you all about it when I get back. Keep your body warm for me.” Richmond took off toward their beach home, leaving her behind. Well, not her home; his home. She’d never get to live in the house she was so looking forward to spending a lifetime in. 








THE TIRES ON RICHMOND’S RANGE Rover screeched as he came to an abrupt stop in front of Don’s private investigative office. Throwing the gear in park, he wondered what could be so urgent that Don had wanted him to stop everything and run straight to his office this late in the evening. He’d just gotten the best blow job ever, and it’d been hard as hell for him to leave Kayla on the beach alone the way he had. 
Wondering if Don finally knew who’d murdered Salina, Richmond shoved the door open with his shoulder and clambered out of the truck. Entering Don’s building, he couldn’t wait to hear what he had to say. Bypassing the receptionist desk, Richmond’s mind traveled to his father. The dumb fool had left the hospital without the doctor’s permission. Seeking attention, Russell had left a note saying he was leaving town for good and was never coming back. He’ll be back. 
Reaching the end of the hallway, Richmond entered Don’s office. Sitting in the chair behind his desk, Don stood. “Richmond. Come on in.” He stalked up to Don’s desk, and the two men shook hands. 
“So what was so urgent you needed to see me right away?”
Don looked fatigued. “You need to sit down for this.”
“No, thanks. I’ll stand.”
Crinkles appeared on Don’s forehead. “No, trust me. You want to sit for what I’m about to tell you.”
Don finally knows who killed Salina. “I’m not sitting, Don. Now tell me what’s going on.”
Don’s shoulders rocked as he blew out a deep breath. “There’s no easy way to tell you this.”
“Skip the intro, please, and get to it.”
Animation jumped on Don’s face. “I’m not sure if you know this, but your father and Kayla’s grandfather were the best of friends before he died. Kayla’s grandfather’s name was Leroy Van Buren. Leroy provided medical care to your parents. Even after they divorced, he continued seeing them. But he didn’t have a medical license. He practiced medicine using natural herbs, etc.”
Richmond was stunned. “I knew someone came by the house to take care of their medical needs from time to time, but I never bothered asking the person’s name. Are you sure it was Kayla’s grandfather?”
“I’m very sure. After I found out your father had given Jason a check, I researched the last five years of Russell’s banking. Russell had written tons of checks to Leroy. Knowing Leroy made house calls to sick people got me to wondering if Russell may have introduced Leroy to Salina.” Richmond’s knees threatened to unbuckle. Don continued. “I got hold of the camera at the traffic light right off Spaulding drive, and sure enough, Leroy Van Buren had been near Spaulding Drive around the same time Salina was murdered.”
Startled by Don’s findings, pain engulfed Richmond like an old wound on a rainy day. “So are you saying Kayla’s grandfather killed my wife?”
Don nodded. “Yes, Richmond. I believed that Kayla’s grandfather murdered Salina.” Feeling like the wind was knocked out of him, Richmond closed his eyes. “There’s more.” 
More? Richmond’s eyes sprang open. He didn’t think he could take any more. “Damn.”
“I don’t know if Kayla told you this or not, but she was the last person to see your father before he had his heart attack, which leads me to believe she went to see Russell, searching for the truth about her grandfather. Or maybe she visited Russell to beg him not to tell you that her grandfather killed Salina.” 
Feeling deeply betrayed, Richmond’s head throbbed. Pain roiled his tight chest. He’d been a fucking fool! “Kayla made a fool of me. For all I know…she may have known her grandfather was going to kill Salina. Maybe she moved here after Salina died with the sole intent to seduce me.”
“Why do think Kayla would do something as foul as that?”
“For money, Don! For my fucking money!” Enraged, Richmond stormed out of Don’s office. 


WAITING FOR RICHMOND’S RETURN TO the beach house, Kayla lifted the window inside the master bedroom, climbed in the bed, and listened to the soft sounds rolling off the ocean. Stressed, she pulled her knees to her chest and wrapped her arms around her legs. Placing her chin on her knees, she hefted the remote and clicked on the television. 
Needing someone to talk to, she called her sister, Alana. The cell chirped once before Alana answered it. “Have you told him yet?” The words rushed from her sister’s mouth. 
Kayla chocked back a cry. “No. Not yet.”
“Why not? You have to tell him, Sis. Tonight, Kayla. Tonight,” Alana emphasized. 
Kayla eyed the sparkling ring on her finger. “I tried to tell him tonight, but every time I went to tell him, we got interrupted by a phone call. One of the phone calls was so urgent, he had to leave.”
“I understand. You sound so sad, you’re making me sad. Regardless of how things turn out between you and Richmond, just know I’m here for you. And I love you.” 
The doorbell rang, startling Kayla. “Thanks, Alana. I love you, too. Someone’s at the door. I’ll call you back after I talk with Richmond to let you know what happened.” She ended the call.
Leaving her cell on the bed, Kayla padded barefoot toward the front door. Having no clue who’d be visiting her here, she hoped it wasn’t crazy-behind Carson. She’d had enough of him and his trying to remarry her to last her a lifetime. If Carson was the last man on Earth, I wouldn’t marry him. 
Reaching the doorway, Kayla placed her eye over the peephole to find the porch empty. Hmm. That’s strange. I could’ve sworn I heard the doorbell ring. Maybe she was so worried about telling Richmond the truth, she was hearing things. 
Making her way through the living room to lock the sliding glass door in the den, she heard it squeak open. Fright stomped her. She stilled in her tracks. “Who’s there?” she called out. “Richmond? Is that you?”
The sound of glass breaking made her heart leap into her throat. Then the lights inside the den started flicking off and on. Off and on. Then off completely. OhmyGod. Someone’s in here. 
Just as Kayla tried to flee toward her bedroom, she collided into a figure. “Where do you think you’re going, bitch?!” Hands lunged into Kayla’s chest, and she plummeted to the floor to her side. Her ribs throbbed with pain. 
She rolled from her side to her behind. Using her hands, feet, and butt, she scurried away from the intruder, backing up towards the front door. Her stomach churned with fear. Starting with the invader’s shoes, Kayla’s eyes hiked over jeans, chest, and stopped when they reached a twisted face. 
Standing beneath the arch inside the living room, Chelsey’s white face contorted. Evil flickered her green eyes. Her blonde hair tangled on her shoulders. 
Kayla suppressed the scream at the back of her throat. “What are you doing here, Chelsey?” Eyes darting back and forth for something to knock the hell out of Chelsey with, she hopped to her feet. 
When Chelsey’s head tilted, her bang fell down over her eye. “I think you know why I’m here, Kayla. Russell left me tonight because of you.” She swung her hair back over her shoulders. 
“Because of me…why me?” 
“You know why, Kayla!” she screamed, taking a step forward. 
Thinking of how she’d escape, Kayla kept her eyes trained on Chelsey. “Look. If I caused any problems between you and Russell, I’m sorry. I’m sure he’ll be back.”
Frowning, Chelsey’s eyes darkened. “He’s not coming back because he thinks you’re going to reveal his secrets. Because of you, I’m out in the cold. Have nowhere to stay. Nowhere to go.” Kayla had no idea she’d been living with Russell and things were that serious between the two of them. Chelsey put her fists up in front of her face and started shuffling her feet. “Put up your fucking dukes, bitch!” Swinging at the air, Chelsey began closing the distance on Kayla, backing her into the door. 
This chick is crazy. “Chelsey, I’m not up for a fight. Let’s just talk about this. Calm down.”
Chelsey ran up to Kayla and punched her in the face. A hot pang stung her cheek. “Now wait a second, bitch!” Kayla kneed Chelsey in the gut. When Chelsey clenched her stomach and slumped over, Kayla jabbed her side, and then her other side.
Chelsey lunged forward. They fell to the floor. 
Tussling and wrestling on the ground, they rolled into the brand new coffee table. The legs on the table broke. Glass shattered everywhere. Using all her strength, Kayla clutched Chelsey’s shoulders and flopped that crazy bitch to her back. On top of her, Kayla grabbed the sides of Chelsey’s head and banged it in the floor. Banged it again. And again. 
Clawing at Kayla’s face, Chelsey’s eyes rolled. 
“Kayla!” At the sound of her voice being called, Kayla felt someone grab her from behind. The next thing she knew, she was flying off Chelsey. Now on her feet gasping for air, she turned. Her heart dunked. Russell stood before her, with murder written on his twisted face. 
A loud scream tore from Kayla’s mouth. 
Suddenly, the front door flung open and in walked Richmond. “What the hell is going on here?”
“Oh, Richmond.” Kayla ran up to Richmond, then stood by his side. “Chelsey broke in here and tried to kill me.” 
Holding a CD and a book to his chest, Russell reached for Chelsey’s hand and helped her to her feet. 
Grabbing the sides of her head, Chelsey squeezed her eyes, then shook her head. Focusing her gaze on Kayla, she sucked her teeth. “Ah, Kayla. Ain’t nobody tried to kill you. If I wanted you dead, I would’ve brought a knife or gun. I just wanted to scare you, that’s all.”
Unbelievable! Shaking her head, Kayla rolled her eyes. 
Disgrace shattered Richmond’s pupils. “The three of you disgust me.” The room fell silent. “That’s right. I know about all of your secrets. Russell, I know you’re sleeping with Chelsey. To take the advantage of a young girl like her, how low could you go?” Russell parted his lips to speak. Richmond flung up his hand, stopping him. “I already know how low you can go. You were with Kayla’s grandfather the night he killed Salina. You knew all along that Leroy Van Buren killed my wife, and you never said a fucking word! Not one fucking word to me!” Richmond’s lips quivered. He glowered down at Kayla. “And you, Kayla; you knew, too. You knew that your grandfather killed my wife, and you said nothing! Nothing! Of all the people in this room, what you did hurts me the most! You should’ve told me your grandfather killed my wife.”
A chilly black silence surrounded them.
Kayla’s eyes clouded with tears. “I’m sorry, Richmond. I never meant to hurt you. But you have to understand…I didn’t say anything because I wasn’t sure my grandfather had killed Salina. I didn’t want to badmouth his name unless I was sure he did it.”  
When Kayla touched his arm, Richmond snatched it away. “Liar! All of you are liars!” 
The big knot in Russell’s throat pushed against the skin. “Let me explain, son.”
“Don’t you ‘son’ me, you sonofabitch! You knew Leroy poisoned Salina, and you never said a damn thing. How could you be so selfish? How could you put Leroy before me? Before Salina? Before Isabelle? Night after night after night…I wondered who killed Salina. And you knew. But you never said a gotdamn thing.”
Russell’s jaws shook like jelly as he bellowed, “I didn’t say anything because I killed her gotdammit!” Shaking his head, he muttered, “Leroy didn’t kill Salina. I killed her. I murdered your wife.” Crying profusely, Russell brought his trembling hands up to his face and looked at them as if he didn’t recognize them. “Leroy didn’t kill Salina, son,” he reiterated, grabbing his chest. “I did. And I’m going straight to fucking hell for killing her.” Nose running, Russell smothered a sob. 
Richmond gave his head one hard shake after another. “No. No. You couldn’t. You loved Salina. You might not have given a damn about me…or Mom…or Dirk or Suade, but you loved Salina. You. Loved. Salina.”
Distressed, Kayla could feel nausea rising in her as she listened on. The effect on Kayla was shattering. OhmyGod. Russell killed Salina. His own daughter-in-law. 
Russell confirmed, “You’re right. I did love Salina, and that’s why I couldn’t tell her no when she begged me to help her die. As you know, she was dying, son. She was in a lot of pain. I couldn’t stand the sight of seeing her suffer.” Tears dropped from Russell’s eyes like rain. “On the night I killed her…this is what happened…” Russell’s words trailed off as he began telling his side of the story. 
Struggling to inhale her next breath through the thin, clear oxygen tubes inside her nose, Salina looked across the pitch dark bedroom toward the entrance to find Russell standing there. Wearing an ivory, silk nightgown, Salina struggled to bring her arms from by her sides to rest them in her lap beneath the cotton comforter.  
With a portable ventilator positioned beside her king-sized bed, Salina inhaled oxygen through the tiny tubes inside her nose. “Please,” she whispered, then swallowed. “Come in.” She struggled to convey the two words to Russell.  
Slithers of moonlight shined on Russell as he stalked toward Salina, feeling horrible for being there behind his son, Richmond’s, back. Reaching her bedside, Russell paused and stood over a dying Salina for what seemed like long minutes. 
Standing over Salina’s bed, glowering down at her, Russell pulled the beaded string of the lamp positioned on the nightstand, the gloomy room vaguely brightened. He felt a weary expression settling on his face as remorse dulled his beating heart. “Oh, Salina,” he murmured, shaking his aching head. “My dear, sweet Salina.”  A sharp breath expelled from his lips. 
Honing in on his daughter-in-law’s face, Russell tilted his head. His dark gaze wandered over the ivory, silk comforter down to the foot of the bed, then back up to her brown, pale face. Knowing he was about to kill her, Russell’s heart grappled inside his aching chest. How could he even think about killing his son’s wife?
Shaking his head profusely, his shoulders sagged. He swiped his bearded face, placed the black medical bag on the wooden nightstand, then sat on the mattress next to her. “Are you sure you want to do this, Salina?”  His deep, baritone voice flowed over the cold room. 
Salina sucked in a deep breath. She nodded. “I’m positive, Russell. I can’t do this anymore. Tired.”  Her lids lowered, then reopened. As if she were about to change her mind, she turned her head and stared at the window. 
With a soft pillow propped beneath her head, Salina turned her head to recapture Russell’s teary gaze. A single tear streamed from her right eye down over her cheek just as a tear slid down his trembling cheek. Using the pad of his thumb, Russell wiped the water from his dear, sweet Salina’s face. Many people never understood their bond, but she was truly like a daughter to him. The daughter he always wanted, but never had. 
Anyway, the muscles in his hairy jaws clenched. His heart twisted. “Don’t cry, Salina. I’m sorry; I can’t do this,” he said in a shaky voice, shaking his head. He tore his gaze away from hers to stare at the wall over his shoulder. 
Salina slid her hand across the linen toward him, circled her fingers around her father-in-law’s wrist, and returned his sullen gaze back to her face. In a whispering tone, she reminded him, “You promised, Russell. Please. I. Hurt. Bad. I want,” she squeezed her eyelids together, “to die.”  Her misty eyes slowly reopened. 
“God forgive me for letting you talk me into this.”  Russell’s shaky voice pierced the cold room. Tears streamed down his face onto his dress shirt, now dripping in floods. Cupping her hand, he hefted it to his mouth and placed a tender kiss on her knuckles. His lips trembled. 
A small opening formed at Salina’s mouth as she whispered, “God will forgive us both, Russell. I’m ready to die. Please, help me go to Heaven. Please.”  Russell reached into the medical bag and pulled out a syringe and a tiny clear bottle. He stuck the tip of the needle into the bottle and filled the syringe with the poison. 
Giving his head a hard shake, he lifted her arm from her side, inhaled harshly, and pricked her skin with the pointed tip of the needle. “Thank you,” she cried. Discontent hardened his face as he gently lowered her arm to her side. “The letter. Don’t forget the letter,” she reminded him. 
Feeling like pure evil, Russell lulled open Salina’s top drawer, pulled out the letter addressed to his son, Richmond, then slid it into the pocket inside his blazer. Tears puddled his eyes. He grazed her cheek with his knuckles. Tender. Gentle. “I hope I never have to give Richmond this letter.” 
Salina’s breathing labored. “The drug is working. Thank. You.”  Quick, shallow breaths rushed through the small circular opening of her pursed lips. Already, Russell regretted poisoning her. 
Bright headlights from outdoors in the driveway streamed through the sheer drapes and spilled inside the bedroom. Tires rolling over thick gravel punctuated Russell’s ears. A car engine hummed. 
Scared out of his mind, Russell hastened to the window and stood to the side of the wall. Wary, he stuck two fingers between the cracks in the blinds and scissored them open to peer out the window into the dark night. 
“Richmond’s here.” He cursed. “You’re husband’s home.” Shock ladened his voice. His shoes shuffled across the carpet as he rushed back over to the bed where Salina lay dying. “Apparently, he changed his mind about going to the wedding.”
Tears of grief drenched Salina’s face. “Go out,” she inhaled harshly, “back door.”
Mercy darkened Russell’s tone as he grumbled, “Dear God. Look what I’ve done. This is murder, Salina.” As Salina fought to breathe in her next breath, Russell bent over and gently kissed her hot forehead. “I’m sorry things had to be this way. Ask God to forgive me when you get to Heaven,” he mumbled. Grief-stricken, he snatched his medical bag from the bed, then hastened out of the room like a thief in the night.  
Russell had been smart enough to travel by feet on the evening he’d murdered Salina. Hiking through the woods with the black medical bag clutched in his hands, his troubled heart thudded hard in his chest. Tears steadily shot from his eyes, and he could barely see how to get back to the main road. 
Breathing raggedly, he finally reached the end of the woods on the other side of the forest. Coming to a stop at the end of the road not far from Spaulding Drive, he began walking along the edge of the road when suddenly Leroy’s red pickup truck pulled up beside him. 
The passenger side window rolled down, revealing Leroy’s face. “Need a ride?” his longtime best friend asked him. Miserable as hell, Russell hesitated. Leroy’s eyes darkened, as if he’d known what Russell had just done. 
Nodding his head, Russell yanked open the door to Leroy’s truck and hopped in the passenger’s seat. Placing the medial bag between his thigh and the door, trying his hardest to hide it, Russell prayed Leroy hadn’t seen it. 
“You know,” Leroy said, steering the truck down the road, “you look like crap tonight.” Clenching the steering wheel, Russell felt like Leroy knew that he’d just murdered Salina. Bile scratched the back of his throat. 
“Thanks.” Russell’s nerves jittered inside his head. He’d messed up big time, and he knew it. Salina was probably dead by now, he thought, feeling as if the world had dropped on his head. 
Driving down the street, Leroy stated, “Sitting at home by myself tonight...I got to thinking…about all those questions you kept me asking me regarding poison and whatnot. About how to kill someone and make sure they die peacefully. Please tell me you weren’t asking me all those questions because you’re thinking about killing Salina like she asked you to.”
Russell’s head snapped from the window to look at Leroy. “How do you know that Salina asked me to help her?”
“Because, friend, she told me she was going to ask you to kill her because I refused to do it myself. We can’t take life into our own hands, Russell. Death is up to God; not up to man. What’s in the bag you’re trying to hide from me?”
“Nothing.”
Leroy slammed his fist on the steering wheel. “Goddamn it, Russell! Salina told me she’d invited you over tonight. While sitting at home, I put two and two together. Please tell me I got here in enough time to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life?! Tell me I’m wrong about what I’m thinking.” When Russell didn’t respond, Leroy shook his head. “Dear Lord. You did it. Didn’t you?”
Tears dropping in his lap, Russell nodded. “She asked me to. She was going to die anyway.”
Leroy suggested, “We have to turn around and try to save her. I need to call my granddaughter.”
Russell swiped at the tears coming out of his eyes. “For what?”
“If we’re caught at Salina’s house, that’s going to make me an accessory to her murder. Kayla needs to know that I had nothing to do with this.” 
When Leroy took out his cell phone to call Kayla, Russell panicked. Once he heard Leroy tell Kayla he had something important to tell her, Russell tried to snatch the phone from Leroy. When Leroy went to grab it back from Russell, he lost control of the truck.
The truck started spinning in circles, then it crashed into a huge tree. Russell momentarily blacked out. The sound of the blasting horn and the smell of smoke eventually woke Russell up. When he realized what’d happened, he reached over and placed two fingers to Leroy’s jugular vein, but he didn’t have a pulse. Leroy had died. 
Russell hollered. He felt as if he was losing his mind. Conjuring up another sick idea inside his warped brain, Russell jumped out of the truck and ran as fast as he could to Leroy’s house. Wanting to make it look like Leroy had killed Salina, he planted the syringe and a picture of Salina inside the safe they’d often talked about. Afterward, he’d gone home, took a shower, and went to bed. For years, he’d pretended like he hadn’t done a damn thing. That is, until now.
Russell’s shoulders shook violently as he lifted his gaze to meet Richmond’s icy eyes. 
Russell’s story had broken through Kayla’s fragile control, and she burst into tears. 
Richmond’s finger shot up in the air, and he pointed it straight at Russell. “Stop lying! Salina would never ask you to help her to commit suicide. Stop lying before I smash your fucking brains out!” Richmond’s fist clenched and unclenched. 
Sobbing worse than a child, Russell extended a CD, a book, and an envelope to Richmond. “Here’s the letter Salina wrote to you regarding her wish to die. She also left a recording for you. I don’t know what’s on there because I never watched it. She told me to give it to you if you ever found out what I did to her. The book is my diary. My confession. Give it to the police. I’ll be waiting at my house for them to come and arrest me. I was wrong for taking matters in my own hands. I’m so sorry. So. So. Sorry.”
Chelsey stood behind Russell, peeking her head from around his shoulder. Holding on to Russell’s arm, she said, “Russell isn’t lying, Richmond. One day while helping out at the estate, I overheard Salina ask him to help her commit sui—” 
Richmond pointed a sturdy finger at Chelsey. “Shut up, Chelsey! Salina did not commit suicide! Leroy killed her! Get out of my house, Russell! And take your gold digging ass girlfriend with you!”
“I’m going to leave the letter, CD, and diary on the kitchen table.” Russell’s shoulders slouched as he headed toward the family room. Placing his hand on the sliding glass door, he paused and looked back at Kayla. “By the way, don’t trust Carson. Thinking you’d figure out my secret, I paid Carson to break you and Richmond up. He’s only pretending to want you back.”
Kayla’s mouth dropped open. Stunned, resentment for Carson and Russell boiled her blood. Carson is nothing but scum. She folded her arms across her chest. “Well, you wasted your money because I’d never get with Carson anyway.”
Russell’s lids lowered over his eyes. “I know.” He lifted his lids. “For the record, I don’t think my son could’ve found a better woman than you. As much as I loved Salina, I think you’re just as good of a woman as she was. I wish nothing but the best for you, Kayla.” Russell pulled open the door and stepped out onto the deck. 
Kayla sighed. Jerk. 
Richmond marched behind Russell, screaming, “If what you said is true, Russell, you’re going to jail for killing my wife! I’m going to prosecute you to the fullest extent and have your ass locked up for the rest of your old life!” 
At the sound of the sliding glass door shutting, Kayla’s knotted stomach gurgled with grief. I have no idea what to say to him. Relieved that her grandfather hadn’t been the person to kill Salina, she felt beyond sorry for Richmond. How in the world was he going to ever get over Russell killing his wife? 
“Richmond,” Kayla uttered, walking into the kitchen where he stood. Feeling as if she betrayed him, too, she glanced up at the blank stare on his stressed face. “I’m so sorry that you’re hurting.”
Richmond sniffed. Placing his hands on his hips, his eyes narrowed with malice. “You’re no better than Russell, you know?”
Refusing to make the situation worse, Kayla nodded. “I apologize for not telling you that I suspected my grandfather killed Salina. But in honor of his memory, I felt I had to be for sure before I told you.”
Richmond punched the wall so hard, he put a dent in it. “You should’ve told me! You were going to let me marry you, knowing it was a possibility that your grandfather killed Salina. As your fiancé, I deserved to know the truth. If you loved me like you claim you do, you wouldn’t have been able to keep such a hideous secret from me.” Scowling down at her, he clutched her shoulders tight. “You didn’t love me. Like all the other women around here, you just want me for my money.”
Sobbing, Kayla shook her head. “You know that’s not true, Richmond. I tried telling you, but every time I did, something came up. Like tonight. I tried telling you twice tonight.”
His eyes were cold. He bared his teeth. “When did you try and tell me? Before or after you sucked my dick?”
Kayla’s mouth parted wide. She hauled off and slapped him. As soon as his face started swelling, she felt horrible. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to hit you.” 
“Just leave.”
“Come on, Richmond. Don’t do this. I said I was wrong. I said I was sorry.” She cupped her hand in a prayer symbol. “I’m begging you to let me stay here and help you get through this. I love you, Richmond.” 
Moisture gathered in his irises. “I said we’re done. I don’t ever want to see your lying face again. The wedding is off. You can keep the ring. If you pawn it, you’ll get at least half a million for it.”
Kayla’s fingers shook as she slid the ring off her finger and slammed it on the counter. “I don’t want the ring if I can’t have you. I. Love. You. Call me when you realize that you mean more to me than anything in the world. Until then, don’t bother.” Devastated, she spun and rushed out the front door. 
 






AT THE SOUND OF THE front door clicking closed, Richmond picked up the glass on the counter and threw it at the wall. Glass shattered to the floor with a clinking sound. Salina asked Russell to kill her. She wouldn’t dare do that to me. 
“Liar! Liar!” Outraged, Richmond picked up the letter on the counter. Tempted to rip it in half, he broke the seal and slid the letter from the envelope. Clenching the letter in his hands, his eyes skimmed over the cursive writing on the fancy paper. This is Salina’s handwriting. 
Heart wrenching, his heart beat fast inside his chest as he read the letter. 
My Dearest Richmond.
My one and only true love. 
As I sit here writing this letter on this dark, humid evening, the joints of my fingers throb. My lungs hurt. Pain grinds deep into the bones of my legs. And my arms. Every day, as I struggle to breathe, struggle to move, I want to die. 
Yes, darling, I want to die. No medicine is going to make me get better or save me. I’ve accepted that. And now that I have, I’m ready to go home and be with the Lord. As much as I love you and Isabelle, I don’t want to live anymore. I’m alive, but I’m not living. 
Sitting here crying as I write this letter, I miss walking. I miss running. Planting flowers in my garden. I miss holding Isabelle. Hugging you. Kissing you. Making love to you. 
Every time I look into your sad eyes as you watch me die, a piece of me dies, too. Seeing the somber look on your face hurts worse than this terrible disease taking my life inside me. Although I know you don’t mind taking care of me, a once extremely vibrant person, I don’t like feeling like I’m a burden on you. 
After I’m dead and gone, I hope and pray you’ll find some beautiful woman, inside and out, to love you and our precious little girl, Isabelle. Because of the kind of man you are, it gives me peace to know you’ll select your next wife wisely. You’ll know the woman is right for you by the way Isabelle loves and adores her.  
If you’re reading this letter, then it means you know that my wish to die was granted. It also means you know Russell granted me my dying wish and assisted me with my death. 
Crumbling the letter over his heart, Richmond refused to cry, although his heart did turn to stone. With his back to the kitchen sink, he slid to the floor while clenching the letter in his hand. Fighting back his tears, his nose burned. So did his eyes. He continued reading. 
Richmond, I know I had no right to ask your father to kill me, but I did, and he agreed. As you know, Russell never treated me like an in- law. He always treated me like the daughter he never had. Like you, he hated seeing me suffer. Unlike you, he understood my dying need to walk and run and play with my daughter and live life to the fullest. 
Lying in a bed, slowly dying, is not living, my sweet love. That being said, I’m glad Russell was brave enough to grant me my dying wish and help me commit suicide. 
As hard as I know it’ll be for you to forgive both of us, you must. If you begrudge your father and me, you’ll only be hurting yourself. 
You’ll end up like me…alive…but not living.
Forgive, Richmond. Forgive. Forgive. 
Loving you forever and ever,
Salina 
P.S. Thank you for the wonderful years of happy marriage. You were the best husband a girl could ever ask for. 
Richmond balled up the letter and threw it across the room. Banging the back of his head on the cabinet, he hollered, “How could they do this to me? How! How!” 
Russell and Salina had stolen her life from him. Right now, he couldn’t stand either one of them. Yeah, Salina was dying. And yeah, she didn’t have much time on Earth left, but what little time she did have left belonged to him. Call him selfish, but he’d wanted every single minute of whatever time God would’ve allowed. He didn’t care if she’d had two weeks left to live. Or two days. Hell, or two minutes. He’d wanted to spend every second of her last living days with her. 
His eyes strained as he kept his tears from failing. There wasn’t any way in hell he was going to let Russell and Salina make him cry. He might be crying on the inside, but he’d be damned if he shed a single tear on the outside. He swiped his face hard. Russell’s going to pay for killing Salina. I’m going to make sure of it. I’m going to make sure he rots in prison.  
Regaining his composure, he pulled his cell from his pocket and dialed 911. “911 operator. How may I help you?”
“I’d like to report a mur—”
Squeezing the phone tight in his grip, Richmond threw the phone across the room and grabbed his hot face. If Salina killed herself, then so be it. Stumbling to his feet, he flung open the refrigerator, grabbed a beer, then popped the cap. 
Chugging the beer, leaning against the refrigerator, his mind hopped to Kayla. Ah, Kay, you should’ve never kept something so drastic from me. I can’t trust you. You and I are done. For good. Finishing off the beer, he grabbed another one. And then another. Another. And another. 


“RICHMOND. ARE YOU IN HERE?” Hearing the sound of his mother’s voice, Richmond stirred. Lying on the floor inside the kitchen, clenching a beer bottle to his chest, his eyes slowly peeled open. His head throbbed. “Richmond. Oh God, no.” Standing over him, his mother stooped beside him and touched the side of his stubbly bearded face. “Did you sleep in here last night?”
“I must have,” Richmond said, smelling alcohol on his breath. Glints of the morning sun seeping from the window shined on his face. Squinting against the bright rays while looking up at his mother, he sat upright, then stood. Empty beer bottles lined the counter; some were in the sink, too. His clothes reeked with alcohol. His eyes lowered to the balled letter on the floor, then back to his mother’s face. “Where’s Isabelle?” I don’t want her to see me like this. 
“She’s over to Sandella’s.” Leslie caressed his spine. “Your father paid me a visit last night. He told me that he killed Salina and you know. I’m so sorry for what he did to you. So sorry.”
Richmond pinched the bridge of his nose. “I could kill him for what he did.”
“I know you can. Come. Let’s go sit in the den and talk.” Nodding, Richmond followed his mother into the den and sat on the sofa next to her. Wrinkling her nose, Leslie obviously smelled the liquor absorbing his clothing. She caressed Richmond’s arm. “I know you’re angry with your father, and you should be. What he did is unforgivable. However, I want you to do just that. I want you to forgive your father.”
Richmond’s heart jolted. His head jerked. “No. You’re asking too much. I’ll never forgive Russell for helping Salina commit suicide.” 
Leslie cupped Richmond’s hands. “I know you don’t want to hear this, but as your mother, I feel compelled to tell you this—dying may have been what was best for Salina. No. it wasn’t best for you. And no, it wasn’t what was best for Isabelle. But it may have been best for Salina. She was suffering, Richmond. Bad. I can’t even imagine living in pain like she did. Can you?”
Suffering on the inside, crying inwardly, Richmond shook his head. “You’re right. She was in a lot of pain. It killed me seeing her like that. Seeing her suffer broke my heart. Sometimes when I hugged her, she’d say it hurt.”
“The doctors had said it was only a matter of time before she died. In her mind, she’d be more alive in Heaven than here on Earth. Now that she’s gone, she’s free of pain. God couldn’t take the sickness from her body, so he took her spirit…from the sickness.” Leslie’s lips curved upward. “I can see Salina in Heaven now. Jogging like she used to. Planting flowers like she used to. Walking and talking like she used to.”
Imagining Salina full of life in Heaven, warm bathed his aching heart. “As much as Russell hurt you, I can’t believe you’re here defending him.”
Leslie nodded. “Yes. Your father hurt me. He’s hurt all of us. I forgave Russell a long time ago for what he did to our family. I forgave him for myself, not for him. You see, when I was holding on to all that anger and bitterness, I wasn’t living the life God intended for me to live. But when I finally let go of the hatred for Russell, God stepped in and took care of him for me—Russell hasn’t truly been happy himself ever since he left me. God is dealing with Russell on a level that neither you nor I or anyone else can. Russell’s conscience alone will kill him. That’s why he had that heart attack. It wouldn’t surprise me at all if he had another one and ended up dying.”
She’s right. Russell’s going to die one old, miserable man with a guilty conscience. Sitting there speaking with his mother made Richmond’s heartache soften. “I guess I can’t blame Russell completely. Salina does bear some of the responsibility for what happened to her.”
“Yes, she does. And if you’re really honest with yourself, you as well as I know those two were close. I think Russell loved Salina more than he loved me. Other than Isabelle, I can’t think of anyone else he’s loved more. Sometimes he’d come to me, crying his eyes out over Salina’s illness.”
“I’ve never seen him cry until last night.”
Leslie patted Richmond’s shoulder. “Russell said something about Salina had left a video?”
“Yes, she left a video.”
“Where is it?”
Richmond’s gaze transferred to the marble counter inside the kitchen. “On the kitchen counter. I haven’t watched it yet.”
“Mind if I watch it with you?”
“No. I’d actually like that.” Richmond was no mother’s boy, but right now he needed his mother more than she’d ever know. 
Leslie clicked on the television, plopped the CD in the DVR, then retreated to the sofa beside Richmond. 
As Richmond sat on the couch focusing on the television, an image of his wedding day with Salina appeared on the screen. Everyone, including his mother and father, was in the photo. 
Leslie laughed. “I sure wish I was that skinny again. Back then, I was so fine, you couldn’t tell me nothing.”
Richmond chuckled. “You still look great, Mom.”
Laughing, she playfully hit Richmond’s thigh. “Quit lying. I’m old and pudgy now.”
“You’re too hard on yourself. You look great,” he restated. 
Suddenly, a nice clipping of Salina giving birth to Isabelle appeared on the screen. He was standing beside her hospital bed, grabbing her hand, helping her push Isabelle from her womb. Remembering that special day, he smiled. 
“Oh, look at Isabelle,” Leslie said, watching on in delight as Isabelle was birthed into the world.
Richmond felt a warm glow move throughout his system. “Seeing my daughter born was one of the happiest days of my life.” More images of their entire family displayed on the television. Pictures of Suade and Dirk. Sandella and Braylon. Russell and Leslie. Drake and Willa. God, those were the good old days, Richmond thought, his heart smiling, as well as his lips. The video ended. 
His mother looked at him with delight. “Wow. That’s was a nice video Salina left for you. She’s trying to send you a message.”
“What message do you think she’s trying to send?”
“She wants you to forgive your father, and her. She wants you to keep living and have more days like on the video.”
“Yeah, that’s what she said in her letter.”
“I think you should listen to her. Russell told me that Kayla thought her grandfather had killed Salina and had kept it a secret from you.”  
“I thought I could trust her,” Richmond snorted. 
“What sense would it have made for her to tell you something she wasn’t sure about? Put yourself in her shoes. If you’d fallen in love with a woman, only to find out one of your relatives may have killed someone dear to her…would you go confessing if you weren’t for certain?” Richmond hesitated. “Don’t answer it. Just think about what I’ve said. Kayla makes you happy. Don’t let what Russell and Salina did ruin your relationship with her. Kayla is not at fault here.” Leslie wrapped her arms around Richmond and gave him a big hug. “I’m headed home. Call me if you need me.”
Richmond confessed, “Thanks for coming over. Your being here has helped me see things clearer.”
Smiling, Leslie patted Richmond’s shoulder. “That’s what mothers are for. You may be grown, but you’re still my baby. Gon’ always be my baby.”
Richmond chuckled. “I know, Mom. I know.”
After Leslie left, Richmond took a long, hot shower, then reread Salina’s letter. He also watched the video again. Sometime later, he sat in a chair on his deck and read Russell’s diary. 
As sick as it may have sounded to some, he actually felt sorry for Russell after reading the old man’s words on paper. Still undecided about how he was going to approach this Russell situation, he closed the diary and peered out at the ocean. 
Watching the waves crash up against the sandy beach, he thought of Kayla. Out of anger, he had spoken down to her last night. Had said something about her sucking his dick. She’d slapped the hell out him for saying it, too. Kayla was a feisty little something. 
If he’d been in her shoes, perhaps he would’ve done the same thing as her. Gazing out at the water, things became clearer and clearer to Richmond about what he should do regarding Kayla. Anxious to make a visit, he grabbed Russell’s diary, strode inside the house, then grabbed his keys. Anxious to make a house visit, he hastened out of the house. 
Twenty-five minutes later, Richmond pulled up at a set of apartments not far from the Tanger Outlet Mall. After rechecking the apartment number that Don had sent to him through a text message, cool as a cucumber, he clambered out of his SUV, then marched up the pathway. Checking his surroundings, Richmond’s knuckles rasped on the door of apartment number 31B. 
“Coming,” the voice on the other side of the door shouted. A second later, the door swung open, and there stood Carson Crawford…Kayla’s ex-husband.
“May I come in?” Richmond asked. 
“Why are you here?” Carson asked. Apparently, Russell hadn’t filled him in on what’d happened, so Carson had no clue Richmond knew that he’d been fucking with his woman’s intelligence. 
“I just wanted to talk with you about Kayla and CJ real quick.” His demeanor remained cool. 
Grasping the door knob, Carson seemed hesitant. “Come on in.”
Richmond stepped inside the small apartment. As he watched Carson shut the door behind him, a greasy bacon smell wafted up his nose. Disdain for Carson rose like smoke inside Richmond as the jerk came to stand in front of him.
Carson shrugged. “So what do you need to speak with me about?”
Determined not to throw a punch, Richmond cleared his throat. “I spoke with my father last night. He told me he paid you to move here to pretend like you had an interest in Kayla and CJ. You are a low down, greedy bastard,” he snarled. 
Carson’s hands flew up to his chest. “Look, this was your father’s idea. Not mine. What man in his right mind would turn down two hundred and fifty thousand dollars?”
Richmond took a step forward. “Now see, that’s your problem, Carson. You don’t know the difference between a boy and a man. You don’t know the difference between a dad and a father. Well, I’m here to school you today. A dad donates sperm. A father gives sperm and takes care of his child. A boy fucks a girl. A man fucks his lady. He makes love to his lady. And a real man takes care of his woman, in every way possible. And you, my dear brother…you’re neither a man nor a father. You’re a crock of shit.”
Loathe laced Carson’s narrowed eyes. “Get the fuck out of my house.”
“I will. Right after I—” Livid, Richmond punched Carson in the face, and his nose went crooked. Eyes rolling, Carson stumbled backward. Gripping his nose, blood oozed through his fingers. Carson swung a series of times, hitting Richmond in the chest. 
Wanting to see him go down, Richmond jabbed Carson in the stomach, then his side. His chest. His jaw. Carson’s eyes rolled then he dropped to the floor. Blocking his face with his hands, he begged for Richmond to leave. 
Glaring down at Carson, Richmond snorted. Speaking through clenched teeth, Richmond decreed, “Pack your things and get the hell out of town. Don’t ever come back. If you do, I’ll make sure you vanish without a single trace. That’s not a threat…it’s a fucking promise.” 
Stalking toward the front door, Richmond turned over Carson’s coffee table. Magazines, a cup of coffee, and the remote went flying in the air.








KAYLA SAT ON THE COUCH inside her dark living room, watching “Pretty Woman”. A blanket across her lap, her feet propped up, she’d closed all the blinds and had succumbed to misery. Staring at the television, she reached into the bag in her lap and tossed a barbecue chip into her mouth. Richmond is never going to forgive me. How could I have been so stupid? And Carson, uuugh. I can’t stand him. 
Crunching the salty chip, the sad knot in her upper stomach hurt. 
Richard Geer, playing Edward, said, “I’ve never treated you like a prostitute.”
Julia Roberts, playing Vivian, replied, “You just did.” 
Kayla sniffled. “I know how you feel, Vivian. My man treated me like a prostitute last night. He asked me if I thought about telling him the truth before or after I sucked his dick.” Frustrated, Kayla balled the empty potato chip bag and tossed it on the table. She’d eaten the whole darn thing. Before that, she’d had some ice cream. Earlier this morning, she’d indulged in a jar of pickles. Now she had a craving for a fried fish sandwich with some tartar sauce. All this stress had her eating her butt off. 
Right before Alana had left to take CJ to Chuck E. Cheese, she’d asked Kayla if she was pregnant, and she told her no. I’m not pregnant; just stressed. I always eat whenever I’m stressed. 
The doorbell rang. Nauseated, Kayla pushed herself from the couch and headed for the door. When she pulled it open, her heart flopped. Richmond stood on her porch, looking sad as ever. Poor man had been through hell and back. 
“Richmond.” She said his name in a whispering tone. 
The brown in his eyes looked like a cold wave. “We need to talk.”
I agree. “Come in.” Kayla felt awkward as she closed the door behind Richmond. 
His eyes lingered over her face as he belatedly said, “It’s so dark in here.”
“Would you like for me to open the blinds?” His presence gave her a sense of peace. 
Glancing around the dim room, he shoved his hands inside his pockets. “No. The darkness doesn’t bother me. But being at odds with you does.” 
Kayla folded her arms beneath her breasts. “I’m so sorry about not telling you the truth.” She’d cried so hard last night after she’d left his home, she couldn’t cry anymore, even if her life depended on it. 
His brown eyes were unreadable and as flat as stone. “I believe you’re sorry. After thinking long and hard about what happened, I don’t blame you for not telling me. If I were in your shoes, I may have done the same thing. But Kay.” Hearing her name roll sensually from his tongue, she gloried briefly. “If we’re going to get married, you can’t keep things from me. Even if you think it’ll hurt me, you have to tell me. I have to be able to trust you.” 
Did he just say they were still getting married? Her insides jumped with joy. “I promise, I’ll never keep anything from you again. You can trust me, Richmond.”
Richmond’s eyes bore into her. “Don’t you have something else to tell me?”
Kayla was confused. “No.”
Richmond tilted his head. “Kay. I know you’re pregnant.”
“What? Well, if I’m pregnant, you’re telling me something I don’t know.”
As his eyes fell to her stomach, he clenched her waist. “So you haven’t taken a pregnancy test?” he asked on the lift of his eyes to her face. 
Kayla shrugged dismissively. “No, why would I take a pregnancy test unless I think I’m pregnant? What makes you think I’m pregnant?”
“I’ve kissed and licked your stomach enough times to know when it’s changing.”
“Maybe I’m just getting fat.”
Richmond chuckled. “No, sweetheart, you’re not getting fat. You’re getting thicker. And I love a woman with some meat on her bones. I love you, Kay.” Richmond reached in his pocket, pulled out the diamond ring he’d given her, and slid it on her finger. “Don’t ever give the ring back to me again.”
“And if I do?”
Lust enlightened his eyes. “I’m going to spank you.”
Kayla’s lip curved into a big grin. She slid the ring off her finger, yanked on the top of his jeans, and dropped the ring inside his underwear. “Before you can spank me, you’ll have to catch me first!” Giggling, she took off running. “I love when you spank me!” 
“Come back here, you sexy woman!” Chortling, Richmond ran down the hallway after Kayla. 
Reaching Kayla’s bedroom, Richmond yanked her jeans and underwear down her legs, threw her across his lap, and wore her little fanny out with his bare hand. The whole time he spanked her butt, she writhed and snickered. “Do it harder! Harder!” Her legs kicked wildly. 
“Stop spanking my mommy!”
Kayla’s head flung up between her shoulders to find CJ standing in the doorway with a disgruntled look on his face. She gasped. Richmond panicked. He jumped to his feet, causing her to fall to the floor flat on her face. 
CJ ran up to Richmond and punched him in the stomach, then stomped on his foot. “Leave my mommy alone!” CJ demanded. 
Kayla had never been so embarrassed in her life. Where was Alana? she thought, quickly pulling up her jeans. Heat gathered in her cheeks. Oh God, how did she explain this to him? “CJ, Richmond and I were just playing a fun little game.”
CJ folded his arms across his chest. “I don’t like that game, Mommy.”
Kayla gently put her hand on CJ’s shoulder. “Okay. Well, Mommy won’t play that game anymore. Now tell Richmond you’re sorry.”
CJ’s bottom lip poked out. “I’m sorry, Richmond.”
Richmond ruffled his head. “That’s okay, sport. Don’t feel bad. Would you like to make it up to me?” 
CJ nodded, then shrugged. “But I don’t know how.”
“I do. You can make it up by being in your mommy’s and my wedding. We’re getting married, sport.”
CJ’s eyes brightened. “Am I getting a daddy for Christmas?”
“Yes, CJ. You’re getting a father for Christmas.” 
CJ’s squeals filled the room. 





WEDDING ATTENDEES PACKED THE ELEGANT ballroom at Balfour Resort & Hotel, overlooking the glistening blue ocean. Shimmering chandeliers sparkled from the tall ceilings. Going with a Christmas theme, white tulips sprouted from red, glittery vases. The wicks of red candles danced brightly on the tables covered with white tablecloths. 
Cameras snapped photo after photo of Richmond and Kayla as they stood on the dance floor dancing to the tune “All of Me” by John Legend. Everything turned out spectacular, Kayla thought, having married the man of her dreams a short while ago. 
With her arms twined around his neck and his arms draped around her waist, Kayla silently thanked God for blessing her with a wonderful husband like Richmond. How’d she gotten so lucky? 
Gazing into Kayla’s eyes, Richmond put his hands on the lower part of her stomach. As the music slowly faded, they made their way over to the red and white ten-tiered wedding cake, draped in long pearls. 
All of their family and close friends encircled them. Leslie, Suade, Dirk, Drake, Willa, Sandella, Braylon, Alana, Zeke, and other members of the community. Even Jason was there. She’d been so wrong to judge Jason before getting to know him. 
Richmond had spoken with Jason about the life insurance policy Salina had left him. Come to find out, Salina had left the policy to Jason so he’d be able to afford a nice nursing home for his elderly mother. After Richmond had confronted Jason about the policy, he’d taken him to Beaufort and showed him the nice facility his mother was in, all because of Salina. 
Kayla’s eyes roved over the happy faces of her lovely guests. Everyone they’d invited had come out to support them on one of the happiest days of her and Richmond’s lives. Everyone was there, except for Russell. Still upset with him, Richmond didn’t even bother sending his own father an invitation to his wedding. I understand. 
The wedding event planner handed Richmond the microphone. Cupping Kayla’s hand, Richmond’s eyes brimmed with tenderness and passion as he held her gaze. Seeing pure love for her in his eyes, her heart danced inside her chest. 
Just then, Kayla spotted Russell walking past the double doors at the rear. Not daring to come inside the ballroom, he remained just outside the open doors. Thank God Richmond hadn’t seen him. 
Richmond cupped Kayla’s hand. “Kay, you’ve made me the happiest man on this Earth. I’m going to make sure the smile that I see on your face right now forever remains there. I love you, Kay.”
Her lips pulled into a smile. “I love you, too, Richmond.” Poor Russell and Richmond. I hope they’ll be able to put everything behind them one day. 
Richmond continued. “We’d like to thank everyone for attending our wedding. We know you’re all getting ready for Christmas, and that’s why we kept our special day short and simple. But before you leave, there’s something we wanted to share with you.” He draped an arm about Kayla’s shoulder. “There’s going to be a new addition to our family. Kay is pregnant.” 
Cheers and applause resounded throughout the room. Richmond hefted CJ in his arms while Kayla lifted Isabelle in hers. Cradled in their parents’ arms, Isabelle and CJ giggled, then embraced each other, too. 









The next book in The Brides of Hilton Head Island is out now!
Click the link below to read Marrying Mr. Right, Book Three. 

MARRYING MR. RIGHT-AMAZON
Every good man deserves a good woman.
Please enjoy the following excerpt from Marrying Mr. Right…


MARRYING MR. RIGHT
The Brides of Hilton Head Island
Book Three 

CHAPTER ONE
Ten Years Ago
LAVENDER HUES SETTLED AROUND THE clouds in the early evening sky. The fading reddish-orange sun lowered behind huge oaks. Earthly scents of nature permeated the humid air of the dense forest. Green leaves scattered the grounds.  
“Where are we going, Zeke?” Sixteen-year-old Taylor Spelling wondered as she followed her handsome boyfriend, Zeke Balfour, further into the woods. On the other side of town. More like the luxurious side of town. Or as some would say, Hilton Head Island’s filthy rich side of town. 
Branches crunched beneath Zeke’s new white sneakers as he traipsed through the forest, gently holding Taylor’s hand. Leading Taylor around a burly oak, Zeke’s sexy lips pulled into a handsome smile, showing off his straight white teeth. “It’s a surprise, Taylor.” His deep voice echoed throughout the forest, stirred her girly senses. 
Traipsing beside Zeke, Taylor’s stomach churned with fear because she had a big secret to tell him. What she had to tell him would change his life forever. Scared to divulge her secret to Zeke, anxiety spurted through Taylor. How do I tell him this? How? Oh God, I hope he doesn’t hate me after I tell him. 
Overwhelmed, Taylor ducked beneath a thick branch to avoid it from scraping her right cheek. “A surprise? What kind of a surprise, Zeke?” she asked, nervous tension spreading through her bones. 
Zeke chuckled. “If I tell you, it wouldn’t be a surprise. Now stop asking so many questions, and just be patient. We’re almost there, my love.” A senior in high school, at eighteen years old Zeke had big, bulging biceps, a hard, muscular chest, and everything about him looked so incredibly scrumptious. Just delicious. 
Darkness descended down on them. Nets flew in the air. A green grasshopper jumped about the slender grass, then over Taylor’s brown, flat sandal. 
Clasping Zeke’s big hand with her small one, Taylor admired her boyfriend’s manly sex appeal. Silky dark brown hair, deep brown eyes, and white tanned skin, Zeke had dimples buried in his jaws. A star quarterback football player at Island Bay High School, all the girls on Hilton Head Island loved themselves some Zeke Balfour, especially her. And from what Zeke showed Taylor, he felt the same way about her. According to him, he had eyes for only one girl—her. Hopefully after she shared her secret with him, he’d still feel the same way about her. 
Knowing she had to tell him today, fright rushed through Taylor’s veins. Wandering farther away from Zeke’s parents’ mansion, an evening summer breeze sailed over her natural curly hair, blowing unruly strands across her lips. 
Kicking at the wooden sticks and leaves along the way, Taylor’s heart beat at the base of her throat. Zeke clench her hand harder. Severely distraught, she lowered her gaze to the dried burnt grass. Her troubled mind drifted. I’m nothing but trouble. My mother is so disappointed in me. I can only pray that Zeke won’t hate me. Momma says I need to tell Zeke tonight. If I don’t, she’s going to speak with his mother. For all I know, Momma may be telling Zeke’s mother about me now. Overwhelmed about her biggest mistake, Taylor felt her eyes water. Ohmygod, how do I tell him I’m— 
“We’re here!” Taylor’s gaze snapped up to find a wide lake surrounded by trees in the near distance. To her left, a long rope with a black tire attached at the end dangled from a thick branch.  
Smiling his behind off, Zeke pointed upward. “Do you like my surprise?”  Taylor’s eyes left the makeshift tire swing and hiked up the big tree. A small tree house sat at the top of the oak. “I built us a tree house so we can have some privacy. This, my love, is just for the two of us.” Proud, he patted his rigid chest. “I built it myself.”
Shocked, Taylor’s mouth parted. Eyes roaming over the wooden treehouse, she covered her heart. “Did you really build this, Zeke?” she asked, transferring her gaze from the nice surprise to him. 
Zeke’s dark brown eyes sparkled. He lifted his shirt, revealing a book tucked between his stomach and jeans. He drew the book from between the band of his clothing and extended it to Taylor. Reaching for the book, she read the title. How to Build Treehouses. 
Smiling, Zeke folded his arms across his chest. “Yes, I built it all by myself. Other than you and me, no one is allowed in our treehouse.”
Our treehouse. Her insides beamed with appreciation. That was just like her Zeke—always so good with his hands. Those big hands of his were exactly the reason why she was now in all this freaking trouble. His talented hands had moved all over her body. His big hands had touched and fondled her. Had teased her. Pleased and pleasured her.
Taylor’s eyes lowered to Zeke’s big hands, now resting at his sides. Oh my, how she loved his big, powerful looking hands. Her gaze climbed up the length of his body. And she loved his big, powerful looking body, too. And Lord knows she shouldn’t, but she loved his big, powerful manhood between his muscular thighs as well. Thinking about all the big things Zeke had, heat coursed through Taylor’s veins. 
“I’m so impressed with your talented skills, Zeke.” Taylor’s eyes once again hiked up the wide tree, stopping when they reached the top. Deep purple hues highlighted the dark sky. A soft glow gleamed from the carved window of the tree house. Zeke built this just for us. Taylor cupped Zeke’s jaw. “Thanks, Zeke. It’s so beautiful.” I’m so sorry I’ve ruined your life. Ohgod. Ohgod. Frightened, Taylor’s eyes burned as she fought to hold back her tears.  
Zeke’s eyes roamed over Taylor’s face. Taking the book from her hands, he pecked her lips. “Because my father is in charge of my allowance, the treehouse is all I can afford right now. But one day I’m going to build you a big house. It’s going to be a mansion. Bigger than my parents’ home.”
Filled with utter sorrow, Taylor’s lips curved into a bland smile. “I’d never need a home as big as your parents’ house. All I’ll ever need is you.” And our— she couldn’t even bring herself to say the word inside her head. 
Zeke’s lips pulled into a handsome smile. Staring at her like he loved her, he tucked a piece of curly hair behind her ear. “With all the children I plan on having with you, we might need a home bigger than you think. As soon as I graduate from college, I’m going to get you pregnant every year until I’m twenty-six.” It’s too late for that. Zeke continued. “Now come. Let me show you the inside.” Turning away from her, he held on to the handmade wooden ladder tacked to the tree and began climbing upward. 
Watching Zeke climb toward the top of the treehouse, Taylor cupped the lower part of her belly. A big wasp flew by her head, buzzed in her ears. Curious as to what the inside of the treehouse looked like, Taylor mounted the ladder behind Zeke. When she reached the top, Zeke extended his hand palm up towards her. She placed her hand in his, and he gently pulled her inside. 
With her hands and knees pressed into the blue rug covering the floor’s wooden planks, her eyes combed over the small inside area. Wow. A woodsy pine fragrance sailed up her nose. 
Zeke had the inside of the treehouse decorated like a small, cozy cottage. A red checkered blanket, two fluffy white pillows, a few books, and two flashlights were stashed in the right corner. A bright lantern glowed in the left corner beneath the carved out window. On the center of the blue rug lay a handful of white daises with long green stems. Oh, Zeke is so romantic. I can’t believe he built this all by himself. Just for me. Just for us.   
Sunny cheerfulness swarming through her soul, Taylor sat on her rear, crossed her legs Indian style. Zeke picked up the white daisies, handed them to her. Nose on the petals, she sniffed the delicate perfumed flower. “You’re so romantic, Zeke.” Fingers holding the long green stems, she lowered the flowers to her lap. 
Gazing into her eyes, he reached into his back pocket, pulled out a silver band with diamonds, and held it up in her face. The gorgeous piece of jewelry sparkled. Thinking Zeke was about to propose to her, Taylor gasped. Yes, Zeke. I’ll marry you. 
Zeke’s Adam’s apple bobbled up and down in his throat. “Taylor, this ring belonged to my birth mother. As you already know, my birth mother’s name was Bridget. My father gave this ring to my mother on Valentine’s Day of the same year she died. After she passed, my father gave this ring to me. He told me to give it to the woman I fell in love with. Well, that girl is you, Taylor. You’re the girl I’m madly in love with.”
Joy bubbled in Taylor’s heart from Zeke’s heartfelt love admission. Staring at the sparkling diamond band, she covered her heart with her hand, then linked her gaze with his. 
Love glittered in his dark coffee eyes. “Oh, Zeke. It’s so beautiful.” Thrilled at how much Zeke truly loved her, Taylor’s words came out soft as a caress. The love of her life took her hand in his and slid the ring up her wedding finger. Swallowing, she blinked sporadically. “So does this mean we’re getting married?”
Zeke chuckled. “Not right away. But we will get married someday. Until we do, I want you to wear the ring as a promise ring. As a symbol of my undying love for you.” Zeke clenched her chin between his index finger and thumb, tilting her head back. “Taylor Spelling…I promise to always be good to you, my love. I promise to love you now. Forever…and ever.” Smooching his lips together, Zeke dropped his lips close to her mouth. 
Tell him now, Taylor! Tell Zeke Balfour that you’re pregnant with his child! Ignoring the thoughts screaming inside her head, Taylor clutched Zeke’s broad shoulders, pressed her lips into his, and let his mouth take hers on an exciting journey. 
Tongues twining, Zeke’s mouth felt so good on Taylor’s. From his charming ways to his great personality and loving heart, everything about Zeke Balfour seemed perfect. Too good to be true. Seemed so right. One day I’m going to marry Zeke Balfour—my Mr. Right.  
As Taylor’s lips meshed with Zeke’s, his hands explored her entire body. His talented hand sneaked beneath her shirt, slid under her bra, and then over her tender breast. Groaning inside her mouth, he tweaked her sensitive nipple with his fingers. A light moan squeezed from her pursed lips into his mouth, and Zeke drank it in. 
Plucking her tingling nipple with one hand, Zeke’s other hand fondled the crotch area of her cheap jeans. Moisture formed inside her center. Curling her tongue with his, she winced. Hot in the panties, this is why you’re pregnant now.  
Once her mother had learned of her pregnancy, she’d warned her not to have sex with Zeke anymore. But Taylor just couldn’t help herself. She loved Zeke, and he loved her. Just because they were young, didn’t mean their love was fake. No. It was the real thing. 
Whenever Zeke and she got together, chemistry ignited. Magic filled the air. Desire and fire exploded. 
Zeke released Taylor’s mouth. Left it burning with fire. Breathing raggedly, he huskily suggested, “Let’s go skinny dipping!” Before Taylor could reply, Zeke jumped to his feet, hastened over to the door. Glancing down at the ground, he jumped from the treehouse.  
Ecstatic, Taylor quickly crawled over to the door. On her hands and knees, she poked her head from the opening of the tree house and peered down at a smiling Zeke. Her lips smiled. “Zeke Balfour, you must be crazy if you think I’m getting in that cold lake!”
Zeke quickly removed his shirt, then hurried out of his jeans and underwear. Zeke’s white, hard erection pointed straight out. Gliding her tongue over her lips, Taylor’s heart thudded harshly beneath her rib cage. Gosh, his shaft was so big. No wonder she loved him. No wonder she’d been stupid and let him get her pregnant. 
Naked as the day he was born, Zeke threw his arms up in the air. “I’m not crazy, Taylor Spelling. I’m madly in love! Miss all the fun if you want!” 
Zeke’s bare feet scampered along the slender grass as he ran towards the lake. Picking up his speed, his rod swung like Tarzan. When he reached the edge of the land, he hopped high in the air. Feet kicking, arms flailing, Zeke dove his naked behind straight into the lake. The sound of splashing water resounded through the early evening air. 
Unable to contain her excitement, Taylor climbed down from the tree house and ran toward the lake. Standing at the edge of the land, she watched Zeke do backstrokes in the lake. “Take off your clothes. I want to see your pretty brown tits.”
Keeping her eyes attached to his, she quickly rolled her shirt over her head. Anxious to join him, her fingers loosened the button on her jeans. Kicking the jeans from her feet, she removed her bra, flung it to the ground. She yanked her panties down her legs, tossed them to the side as well. 
Cool soil pressed into her bare feet. The summer night air clung to her clammy skin. Her hard nipples tingled. A dull ache formed in her center. Wishing she could refute Zeke’s sexual advances, she yearned to join him for a romantic swim. 
Floating on his back, her man smiled at her. “You have the prettiest tits I’ve ever seen.”
A tinge of jealously crept up inside Taylor at Zeke’s remark. She fisted her hips and pouted. “Considering you’re only eighteen, how many tits have you seen? I hope not that many.”
Feet treading in the dark water, Zeke chuckled. “I’ve only seen two. Your right one, and your left one.” He got to his feet, held out his hands. 
“You better had said that!” 
Giggling, Taylor hopped in the air, and then plunged into the depths of the lake. Gravity sucked her to the bottom. Kicking her feet and flinging her arms, she swam back to the top. Immersed in darkness, she popped her head up from the cold water and looked around for Zeke. Staying afloat, she turned to find him behind her. 
“This water is cold!”
“I’ll warm you up.” 
Zeke swam over to Taylor. Putting his wet, muscular chest to her breasts, he wrapped his strong arms about her shoulders. Teeth clattering, she shivered. Her nipples felt like frozen peas. 
“I’m c…c…cold, Zeke.”
Keeping one hand to her shoulder, Zeke reached down between them. “Let’s see if this will warm you up,” he said, gliding his steely tool across her pregnant belly. 
Turned on, her heart clenched. “Zeke, there’s something I have to tell you.” Tell him you’re pregnant, Taylor, she thought, chastising herself. Stop being so freaking scared. 

CHAPTER TWO
ZEKE’S EYES CARESSED TAYLOR’S AS he draped his arms around her waist. “Not now, Taylor. Tell me later. Tell me after I make love to you, okay?” Rubbing the pad of his wet thumb across her lips, his sensual eyes kissed her face.  
Wanting him just as much as he wanted her, Taylor nodded in assent. Why ruin the moment? she thought, the pit of her stomach twirling with butterflies. “Okay.” 
Zeke slipped his shaft inside Taylor. Feeling him stretch her walls, she twined her arms around his neck. Wrapped her legs around his waist and rode him. Driving into her, Zeke slanted his mouth over hers and tongued her down. 
As usual, Zeke set her insides aflame. Bucking on him, Taylor lolled her head back and glanced up at the dark sky. Bouncing up and down on Zeke’s tool, water rippled along her spine. 
“Look at me, Taylor,” Zeke requested. Hair soaked and matted to her skull, Taylor rolled her neck forward to meet his deep, sensual gaze. “I love you, Taylor.” He softly bit her bottom lip, then released it.  
She sucked his bottom lip into her mouth, then spit it out. “I love you, too, Zeke.” 
“Are you about to cum?” Zeke asked her. Taylor nodded. “Good. Me, too. Let’s come together.” He twirled her creamy walls, and Taylor’s sex exploded. And so did Zeke’s. Like he’d wanted, they’d cum together.  
After Zeke and Taylor made love in the lake, they swam to the edge of the water. Zeke climbed out first. Knees pressed into the grass, he hooked his arms beneath Taylor’s armpits and pulled. Taylor somehow ended up on top of him. 
Laying on his back with her on top of him, Zeke smiled. His member grew hard on her stomach. Gazing into his handsome eyes, she threaded her fingers through his wet, wiry hair. He clenched her hips with one hand, raised her from his lap. He slipped inside her again, and they ended up making sweet, tender love in the grass. 
Long moments later, Zeke and Taylor lay side by side in the grass, gazing up at the sky. He pushed up on his elbows. He scooped her wet hair up in his hands, brought it up to his mouth, and kissed it. “I’ll never forget this night for as long as I live.” 
“Me either.” Taylor stood and walked over to the makeshift tire swing. Holding on to the sides of the tire, she slid inside the circular part of the rubber, and then gripped the twined rope. Batting her lashes at Zeke, she smiled. “Push me, Zeke. Push me as high as you can,” she said, wildly kicking her feet. 
“Hold on!” Zeke lifted the sides of the tire up to his chest, then gave her a hard push. Giggling hysterically, Taylor went flying in the air. Her wet hair whipped at the sides of her smiling face. 
Suddenly, a voice rang out through a bullhorn. “Zeke!” 
Taylor shrieked. “Someone’s coming, Zeke. Stop the swing. Stop the swing.” 
Zeke gripped the tire, bringing it to an abrupt halt. “That’s my stepmother, Katherine. How in the hell did she find me?”
Touching the tips of her toes to the ground, Taylor writhed her way out of the circular hole of the tire. Covering her breasts, she ran and snatched up her clothing. “Oh God, I’m really in trouble now,” she said, quickly pulling her shirt over her head, then shoving her arms through the sleeves. 
“What do you mean you’re in trouble?” Zeke questioned, observing fear in Taylor’s wide eyes. 
“I’m so sorry, Zeke—” 
“Zeke! Where are you?!” Katherine’s loud voice echoed through the dense wooded area. 
“Your stepmother sounds mad, Zeke.” Taylor prayed like crazy that Katherine hadn’t somehow found out she was pregnant before she had the chance to tell Zeke herself. Oh God, I should’ve told Zeke sooner. 
Zeke’s brows drew close together. “You’re right. She does sound angry.” 
Taylor yanked her jeans up over her hips, grabbed her brown sandals. “I’m going home. Call me later.”
Zeke clutched Taylor’s arms. “You don’t have to hide from my stepmother, Taylor. You’re my girl, and I think it’s high time that Katherine finds out about us. I love you, my love.” 
Moisture wet Taylor’s pupils. “Oh, Zeke. She probably already knows about us. I’m so sorry. So, so sorry.” With her worn sandals clenched to her chest, Taylor took off running through the forest. Breathing erratically, she ran as fast as she could past all those trees.  

“THERE YOU ARE!” Gripping the handle of a bullhorn in one hand and pointing a bright flashlight in the other, Zeke’s stepmother, Katherine, marched toward him with a noticeable frown on her white, round freckled face. Wearing a long ivory dress and her red hair pulled into a low bun, Katherine pinched her lips together. “I’ve been looking everywhere for you!” Her eyes lowered to his bare shaft, then back up to his face. “Where are your clothes? Have you been out here fucking that girl?”
“What girl, Mom?” Although Katherine wasn’t his birth mother, his father insisted he call her that. At times, he hated he had to refer to the snobbish Katherine as his mother. But considering his birth mother, Bridget, had had an affair with his father while he was married to Katherine, she probably hated it, too. 
Right after his birth mother Bridget had died, his father Colton had brought Zeke to live with him and Katherine, and their other two children—Antonio and Bane. From the very first day that Zeke had stepped inside their mansion, Katherine had despised his mere existence. Despised him for being born. Despised him because he was the result of an affair. 
Katherine narrowed her eyes at Zeke. Pointing her finger in his face, she barked through clenched teeth, “Taylor. Taylor Spelling. Have you been out here fucking that girl again?!”
How does she know about Taylor? His mother’s–well, not his real mother, but Katherine’s–harsh tone irked him. Made him angry. His face scrunched as he snatched his jeans from the ground and put them on. 
Hooking his gaze on Katherine’s furious green eyes, Zeke sucked his teeth. “As a matter of fact, I have. What’s it to you?” he asked snidely, buttoning his jeans. 
Katherine threw her hands up in the air. “Dear Lord! It’s true! It’s true!”
What the hell is she screaming about? Bemused, Zeke gave his stepmother a dumbfounded stare. He shrugged. “What’s true?”
“Taylor’s pregnant! You got that hot little bitch pregnant!” Stunned, Zeke’s heart clenched. His stepmother continued, spatting, “Now she’s going to ruin the family’s name. Everything your father has worked so hard to protect, you’ve destroyed it, Zeke. You and Taylor. Other than you, we’ve never had a bastard born in this family. Never.” Hatred dulled her green eyes. 
Zeke’s face turned beet red. Seemingly confused, his brows lifted. “Taylor’s pregnant?” This is what she wanted to me. She wanted to tell me she was pregnant. 
“Yes. She’s pregnant.” Still holding the bullhorn and flashlight, Katherine’s green eyes narrowed. “Taylor’s mother just paid me a visit and told me out of her own darn mouth.” Taking a step closer to him, her eyes roamed over his face. She fisted her hips. Head tilting, her eyes stretched wide. “Oh. My. God. Your little supposed girlfriend didn’t even bother telling you, did she?” Zeke shook his head. Katherine continued. “These little sluts around here been trying to get their hands on the family’s fortune for years. For all I know, the baby may not even be yours. Taylor’s getting an abortion, and that’s all there is to it.”
Folding his arms across his chest, Zeke gave Katherine a brutal stare on purpose. Like hell she will. “No, Mom. If Taylor’s pregnant, she’s keeping my baby.”
Katherine slapped Zeke! Face stinging, his mouth dropped wide open. Lips twisting, she clutched his shoulders and shook him. “There’s no way in hell I’m letting another bastard child come into this family. Into my house. No way in fucking hell! Do you understand me? Do you?” 
This lady is crazy. Knowing he had every intention of keeping his baby, Zeke nodded yes just to appease the redheaded Katherine. “Yes, ma’am.”
Gently patting his face where she’d slapped him, the corners of Katherine’s lips lifted. “I’m glad you agree with me, Zeke. You let me handle Taylor and this stupid pregnancy. Now, let’s go home and have dinner. Don’t argue with your brothers tonight while at the table. I’m not in the mood for any more drama tonight.”
Lady, you put the D in drama. And you put the D in damn fool if you think my girl is getting an abortion. Zeke shrugged on his shirt, then followed his stepmother through the forest. Thinking about how Taylor was pregnant with his child, warmth infused his heart. Smiling inwardly, he couldn’t wait to talk with Taylor and let her know of his new plans. 
Walking behind Katherine and heading home, a mild smile touched Zeke’s lips. I’m going to make sure Taylor and my baby don’t ever have to worry about a thing. As soon as I graduate from high school, I’m going to convince Taylor’s mother to sign papers stating she can marry me. But even if she don’t sign them, we’re going to get married as soon as we can. If anyone tries to stop us from being together, we’ll run away and raise our child together. Yes. I’m going to be a father. Yes! Oh God, I love myself some Taylor. 
Trailing closely behind Katherine, Zeke finally reached the back of his parents’ red brick mansion. Katherine fisted the sides of her long dress and marched up the steps of the back desk. 
So glad Taylor was pregnant, Zeke felt like jumping up and kicking his damn heels. However, knowing that action would piss Katherine off, he decided to keep his excited emotions on the down low and just clambered up the steps behind the stuck up woman instead.
GAZING DOWN at the sparkling promise ring that Zeke had given her, Taylor crossed the railroad tracks leading towards her home and smiled. Zeke said this is a promise ring. A token of how much he loves me. He said we’re going to get married one day.  Placing her hand to the bottom part of her belly, Taylor’s heart sang with delight.  
Feeling blissful and hopeful about her future with Zeke, Taylor wondered if he knew she was pregnant by now. His stepmother’s voice had sounded quite angry about ten minutes ago. Maybe she should’ve just stayed and faced mean-behind Katherine head on. It wasn’t like the lady could do anything about her situation. If anything, Katherine should be happy that she loved Zeke more than life itself. 
Close to her home, the sky had grown even darker. Almost pitch black. Burning wood wafted up her nose. Gazing down at the ground, she kicked at a rock and looked at her sparkling promise ring again. Oh, Zeke is so sweet. And good looking. And ooo, he’s so fine.   
Suddenly, Taylor felt a shadow behind her. Just as she whirled, someone covered her head with a sack. Clawing at the hands squeezing her neck, the locket necklace around her neck snapped and fell to the ground. Losing her breath, she plummeted to her hands and knees. 
Scurrying away with the bag covering her head while on her hands and knees, the crazy man yanked her off the ground. Unable to see, Taylor screamed. Terrified, she kicked and punched. Jerked harshly in the strong man’s arms. “Let me go! Let me go!”
“Shut up. You should’ve thought about your consequences beforehand.”
Crying her eyes out, she heard bleeps from a car, as if her abductor were unlocking a vehicle. The strong man tossed her, and she landed hard on something. Bam! Sounded like the trunk of a car had slammed close.
Frightened to her wit’s end, Taylor snatched the bag from her head to find herself trapped inside the truck of some man’s car. Lying on her back, surrounded in sheer darkness, she felt the car rock and shimmy over the railroad track. Short moments later, a train’s whistle resounded throughout the night’s air and sailed into the dark trunk of the horrible monster’s car. 
Kicking and banging on the trunk’s roof, Taylor wailed. He’s going to kill me and my baby. Oh God, please help me. “Somebody help meeee!”

Marrying Mr. Right excerpt by McAfee Publications & Entertainment ©2015
BUY MARRYING MR. RIGHT







SABRINA’S OTHER BOOKS
To See Other Books by Sabrina, please click on the link(s) below.

AMAZON:
The Brides of Hilton Head Series
MARRYING THE MARINE
MARRYING THE MILLIONAIRE
MARRYING MR. RIGHT
Stand Alones:
SINFUL SEDUCTION

THE PROPOSAL
WANTED
BEDDING THE BOSS
BARNES AND NOBLE:
WANTED
THE PROPOSAL
MARRYING THE MARINE
MARRYING THE MILLIONAIRE
SINFUL SEDUCTION

KOBO:
SABRINA'S MAIN PAGE ON KOBO
SINFUL SEDUCTION
MARRYING THE MARINE
MARRYING THE MILLIONAIRE
THE PROPOSAL
WANTED






Sabrina Sims McAfee is your writer of women’s fiction, romantic suspense, and contemporary romance. She loves writing about strong men, and sexy strong women, and the adventurous journeys they travel. She lived in Florida for most of her life, but now she’s a current resident of Myrtle Beach, SC. She lives there with her husband and two teenage children. In her leisure she likes spending time with her family, reading, traveling, and watching reality and suspense TV shows.

Sabrina’s goal is to someday produce one of her books into a movie. As she strives toward her dream, she plans to study the craft of writing, take writing risks, and try her hardest to bring her readers great satisfying stories.







To sign up for my newsletter and to find out about future books, prizes, and more: www.sabrinasimsmcafee.com

The first book in the Brides of 
Hilton Head Island series is out now!

MARRYING THE MARINE
(Braylon & Sandella)





A Writer at Heart

Dear Readers,
Thanks a million for reading Marrying the Millionaire. I hope you enjoyed reading the book just as much as I enjoyed writing it. Reviews, comments, and likes are greatly appreciated. Favorable reviews greatly help authors so thank you.
Fondly,
Sabrina

Also, if you enjoyed the book, please remember you can share it with a friend via the lending feature. In addition, you can help readers find it by recommending it to friends and family, reading and discussion groups, online forums, etc.


Website: www.sabrinasimsmcafee.com
Email: mailto:Sabrina@sabrinasimsmcafee.com
Twitter: www.twitter.com/sabrinamcafee
Facebook: www.facebook.com/sabrina.mcafee.10



