Marriage, Mobsters, and the Marine
Heroes of Westhorpe 1:
By Kryssie Fortune

Copyright © December 2016 &  May 2018 by Kryssie Fortune
All rights reserved. This copy is intended for the original purchaser of this e-book ONLY. No part of this e-book may be reproduced, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without prior written permission from the author. Please do not participate in or encourage piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author's rights. Purchase only authorized editions.

Licensed material is being used for illustrative purposes only. Any person depicted in the licensed material is a model.

This e-book is a work of fiction. While reference might be made to actual historical events or existing locations, the names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Warning
This e-book contains sexually explicit scenes and adult language and may be considered offensive to some readers. The author’s made your purchase. Please store your files wisely, where they cannot be accessed by under-aged readers.
* * * *
DISCLAIMER: Please do not try any new sexual practice, especially those that might be found in our BDSM/fetish titles without the guidance of an experienced practitioner. The Author will not be responsible for any loss, harm, injury or death resulting from use of the information contained in any of its titles.
Acknowledgment
Thank you to Wendy Mitchell, Ian Hardy, Chris Brookes, and Graham Brooks for the unstinting support. Everyone should have friends like you. An extra special mention for Wendy with her endless patience and amazing beta reads.
Most of all, thanks to my husband for his IT magic and proof reads. For a man who wouldn’t ordinarily read romance, he does a brilliant job.
Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Other Books by Kryssie Fortune
Chapter One
Abigail straightened her blonde wig, put on her mask, and strutted into the Masked Night’s BDSM club like Catwoman. Of course, everyone went incognito here, their names assigned by the vetting committee. Tonight, she’d become Kitty Gail, a sassy sub on her way to a first-ever hookup with the mouthwatering Dom, Master Jay.
The low moans of a woman bent over a spanking bench sounded bittersweet to Abigail’s ears. Knowing she’d never visit the club again added an extra swagger to her step. Not coming back for her monthly spanking would be…difficult. In the real world, she exuded confidence, carefully hiding the scared little girl inside her that even her family had disapproved of.
Damn it, she needed that spanking. It reminded her of how much she’d moved on and let her cope with the doubts that always chipped away at her confidence. The mind-blowing orgasms that followed were an added bonus.
But after tonight, Kitty Gail, with her figure-hugging blue catsuit and mask, would morph back into boring schoolteacher, Abigail Montgomery. Permanently.
Across the room, she spotted Master Jay at the soft drinks bar, the upper half of his face obscured by his plain black mask. His neatly trimmed beard and mustache obscured his features still further. She’d spotted him on her last three visits, and the way he cared for his subs had made Abigail’s pulse race. She wondered what he looked like beneath all his facial hair and without his mask, but keeping their identities secret topped the club’s priorities.
After her last visit, he’d stopped her on the way out and asked her to sub for him next time she came. They’d sat at the juice bar, discussing the details of their scene. Since they were both clean and she was on the pill, she hadn’t wanted a condom between them. He’d readily agreed. She’d been anticipating their meeting all month—like a little girl awaiting Christmas.
Not that she’d enjoyed the holiday season much once she reached her teens. Christmas was another thing her great-aunt had disapproved of. In fact, Abby’s early years seemed to be one disapproval after another.
But everything changed once she’d received the letter.
She hated that this would be her one and only night together with Master Jay. God, I hope he spanks me hard.
She liked the way Master Jay never took his eyes off her as she approached. The intensity in his gaze made her tingle deep inside. Desire spread like an explosion through her blood. His broad smile made her heart stutter, and again she wanted to know what he’d look like in real life. Stunning, probably.
Tall—well over six feet six—and broad chested; he’d gathered his hair at the nape of his neck and secured it with a leather thong. His long, lean physique made her want to purr like the kitty the vetting committee had named her after. Adding an extra sway to her hips, she prowled toward him in her three-inch-high heels.
As she neared, he picked up the collar and leash he’d left on the bar. Tonight she’d be his kitty for real, a pet to be shown off and petted before he spanked her long and hard. Afterward, he’d screw her, she hoped.
He held the leash in the air, giving her chance to study it. “Hello, Kitty Gail. Are you ready for this evening’s games? I picked out a pretty collar for my favorite pet.”
Abigail smiled behind her cat mask. “Very ready, Sir. Is my safeword still red?”
He nodded. “It is. Now come here, turn around, and lift your hair off your neck. The only pain you should feel is the pain I choose to inflict.”
Nipples already pearled, she lifted the fibers of her blonde wig, careful not to dislodge it. “As you command, Sir.”
Once he fastened the collar around her neck, she let her hair fall back over her shoulders. Confident no one would recognize her in her tight-fitting blue outfit and cat mask, she trembled as sensual heat rose through her like an incoming tide. She loved the way he inserted two fingers between the collar and her skin to check that it didn’t cut into her or constrict her blood flow. No wonder she lusted after Master Jay.
Once he’d ensured her comfort, he rose to his feet, taking his captive kitty for a slow stroll around the club. Even though they’d planned this, Abigail resented the leash at first. Gradually, she fell into character—prey putting on a brave front before her captor—defiant to the core. As he walked her around the room, the satisfying warmth of submission settled around her, but deep down all she needed was her ass spanked.
In her everyday life, she hid her toned curves beneath baggy jumpers and shapeless skirts. Here, under Master Jay’s protection, she could flaunt her body. Head high, hips swaying, she sashayed around the room.
Once he’d shown off his prize, he led her toward the private rooms. “Kitty Gail, are you trying to give all the men here a hard-on? When you’re with me? Save the sex appeal for your Master, or do you want me to punish you for your display?”
Yes. Spank me now. She hadn’t the courage to tell him how badly she craved spanking and the occasional public humiliation, so she hung her head. “I’m sorry, Master Jay.”
He stood back and looked her over. If the way his cock tented his trousers meant anything, he clearly liked what he saw. “Maybe a taste of the cat-o’-nine-tails will teach my kitty how to behave.”
Whipping was one of her hard limits. She didn’t want to safeword, not on her last night here, but she couldn’t let him whip her. She worked out three times a week in the local hotel’s basement gym. The ladies of Westhorpe Ridge would be outraged if she arrived covered in bruises or lash marks. As a respected schoolteacher, she couldn’t afford the rumors and scandal. Sometimes she thought her hometown would fade away if the locals didn’t have her family to gossip about.
Master Jay chuckled. “Don’t worry. I plan to spank your bare ass until it glows in the dark, but I’ll do it with my hand, not paddles or whips. Then I’ll spank it some more. The only toys I have in mind tonight are a blindfold and some ropes.”
Abigail’s heart raced again. This man knew exactly what she needed, and while she regretted they hadn’t hooked up before, she liked to study a Dom before she placed herself in his care. Maybe that was why she’d not played many scenes, but she’d always been a better-safe-than-sorry kind of girl. Her mouth dried in anticipation, and her nipples tingled as she let him lead her into a private room.
She’d left the choice of surroundings to her Dom for the night, but the canopied bed with white broderie-anglaise-trimmed covers surprised her. It would be a perfect match for the white lacy basque she wore beneath her catsuit. When she’d bought it online, she’d had Master Jay in mind.
He settled into a leather armchair, one ankle crossed over the other leg’s knee, totally relaxed. “Take off your catsuit. Slowly. Make me drool.”
Behind her mask, Abigail grinned. Her Dom understood her exhibitionist streak. She bent at the waist, giving him a peek at her cleavage as she leaned toward him and shimmied her hips. He shot forward, almost coming out of the chair to land a gentle slap on her butt.
She slowly lowered the zipper on the front of her catsuit. He whistled in a breath when he saw what she wore beneath it. White lace stretched over her breasts before the boned and laced bodice flowed over her flat stomach. Once she’d hooked her thumbs in the catsuit, she wriggled her hips and pushed it over her thighs. It pooled around her ankles, and as she stepped out of the folds, she kicked it over by the wall.
When she reached to unlace the front of her basque, he snapped, “Leave it.”
Again she smiled behind her cat mask, happy she’d made the right choice.
Master Jay lifted a blindfold from the table next to his chair. Lace trimmed and made from thick satin, the blindfold offered a chance to lose herself in a euphoria that blocked out reality and let her drop into subspace. Once he slipped it over her eyes, she concentrated on nothing but her desires and the way he filled her with wicked longing.
He beckoned her closer. “Come here and straddle me. I want a lap dance first.”
Abigail moved toward him, hips swaying as she rested one hand on his shoulder and walked around him. Once she stood behind him, she leaned toward him and ran her hands over his chest. The movement made the smooth blonde ends of her wig whip around his shoulders.
She repeated the action twice more before she completed the full circle around him. Rotating on the spot, letting him study her heels and basque before she took a step away and turned until she had her back to him. Running both hands down her right leg, she gave him a long look at her lace-covered ass. She stood slowly, but when she heard his breath hitch, she repeated the action, running her hands over her other thigh and down her leg until she held her ankle.
Tossing her head, she let the ends of her blonde wig slide over her body as she flowed upright, taking the move into an overhead stretch that emphasized her narrow waist and generous breasts. She turned toward him, hips swaying as she moved in so close she stood between his legs. The way he sat there unmoving felt like a challenge. She might be submissive by nature, but she liked how he made her work for it.
Her pulse pounded as she slowly unbuttoned his shirt. The smattering of dark hair on his chest delighted her. She linked her hands behind her head, arched her back, and rotated her hips over the bulge in his trousers. His cock twitched and jerked beneath her, swelling as she circled it with her pussy.
She rose on her knees then and cupped her breasts, offering them to him before she sank back onto his cock.
Another circle of her hips had him groaning. “Kitty Gail, you turn me inside out and upside down. Now slide off my lap and sit between my legs.”
For a moment, she’d forgotten everything but pleasing him. She loved it when she lost herself in a world of submission. Obediently, she slid onto the floor and sat, legs extended forward, her back against the base of the chair.
His voice sounded harsh. “Pull your ankles in until they touch your thighs.”
The position left her legs open and her pussy exposed. Her breathing turned ragged as she obeyed. “Yes, Master.”
He looped the blindfold around her blue cat mask. Abigail’s world went dark. She felt lost and helpless as she surrendered herself to his care. Each month she returned to the club to feed her subspace addiction, but tonight with Master Jay, she drifted deeper than ever before. This Master gave her exactly what she needed.
He dropped his hands to her shoulders, “Hold that pose. Don’t move.”
Behind her, she heard his trousers rustle and decided he’d risen to his feet. Her pulse raced as she waited to see what he’d do next. Spank her, she hoped.
He ran one finger along the top of her basque as he moved in front of her. She moaned in anticipation, so he pinched her nipples through the lace. The unexpected pain only heightened her excitement.
He pushed her knees wider, spreading them toward the floor. Blindfolded and vulnerable, she sat with legs splayed open, her silk-covered pussy on display for him. When he threaded fabric—a ribbon, maybe—around her thigh, she frowned behind her mask, trying to work out his plans.
Pushing her ankle closer to her inner thigh, he used the end of the ribbon to bind it in place. He did the same with her other leg and ankle, frog-tying her legs wide open. Next, he reached in behind her and bound her, wrists to elbows. Since she sat on the floor, legs open, she felt frustrated and…disappointed. No way could he spank her like this.
A moment later, she heard him move behind her. He scooped her into his arms and laid her facedown on the bed. Her forehead dug into the sheets while her butt hung in the air. She couldn’t see, couldn’t move, but lost in a world of darkness, she relaxed and let her fantasies play out.
She writhed as he reached between her legs and stroked the silk fabric covering her clit, her body blazing with pleasure. Finally, he unbuttoned the crotch of her lace teddy and slid one finger inside her. She tensed around it, her pussy already damp with need. When he pumped his fingers in and out of her vagina, she lifted her hips, pushing them forward in an attempt to ride his hand. Need boiled inside her, heating her from the inside out. His fingers sank deeper, stroking her G-spot. She moaned, needing to thrash her head and grind her hips against him. Her bonds held her still, but a moment later her cum flooded over his fingers.
Her heart rate dropped back to normal, but she burned to feel his hand on her bare bottom. Damn, is he going to make me beg? Since she wouldn’t be visiting the club again, she would. Memories of tonight would have to sustain her for a minimum of two years.
Before she could plead for a spanking, he slid a pillow beneath her stomach and pulled her legs so wide her ass cheeks parted, revealing her puckered rosebud rear entrance. This new position felt raunchy and wanton—exactly what she needed. When he slapped her exposed ass, she shrieked.
Abigail writhed in her bonds as pain shot through her. The heat in her butt cheeks matched the heat he’d built inside her. She’d never needed to orgasm more. Times like this, her spirit soared like a caged bird given its freedom. With Master Jay, she’d found her perfect Dom. This one sweet night would linger in her memory, sustaining her whenever she needed taking in hand.
He leaned over, gently massaging her butt cheeks and stroking his finger over her anus—pushing one of her soft limits as no Dom had before. “Ten spanks for the way you tempted the other men in the bar. You get another five for the sensual way you moved through the public rooms and five more for the way you tried to control the lap dance.”
Twenty? Most Doms stopped at ten, but tonight she’d take twenty and love it. “Should I count them, Master?”
Again his fingers found her clit. “You should, but if you come before I’ve finished, you’ll get five more.”
Thwack. His hand slapped against her ass, once on each splayed open cheek.
“Two, Master,” she panted.
Slap. Two more strikes, right on the part of her ass that she sat on every day in school. She gasped and accepted the pain, accepted the helplessness, and welcomed the delicious bliss that came along with it. Relished it as it rolled through her, making her pussy tingle. She braced herself for another strike, but he reached around her and thumbed her nipples. The perfect moment of pleasure mingled with pain. Tightening her inner muscles to hold back the orgasm he stoked inside her, she panted and writhed in her bonds.
His voice flowed over her like sweet honey. “Lost count, Kitty Gail? Shall I start over?”
Part of her wanted him to, but if she took more than the twenty slaps he’d promised her, she’d struggle with the ninety-mile drive home tomorrow. “Five, Master.”
He stood back and spanked her again, two high, two low, and another two on her sweet spots where her nerve endings gathered. The pain pushed her toward orgasm. While she faced a two-year spanking drought, this week her tender behind would remind her of Master Jay’s hand on her butt. “Eleven, Sir.”
He stopped spanking, slid beneath her ass, and sucked at her clit. The warmth of his mouth and the unexpected sensation made her wriggle and squirm. Her orgasm built inside her, making sweat bead down her spine. Every muscle in her body contracted, and her pussy burned to come. When she moaned again, he retreated and returned to spanking her ass.
Each stroke set her trembling with unmet desires. Tears ran down her cheeks, and she wept so hard her nose ran, but she never wanted him to stop.
“Eighteen, Master,” she sobbed.
As if considering where to hit her next, he paused. She refused to safeword, but now she wanted this over with. Twenty strokes felt too painful, so intense her inner barriers shattered. And she had two spanks still to take.
Holding back her orgasm had never been so hard. When he slapped her clit, she screamed. Her body tensed, and a climax rocked through her. Behind her, Master Jay chuckled and spanked her clit again.
Lost in a world of spanking and sensual need, she breathed hard and gasped. “Twenty, Master. Thank you.”
He stood back and admired her red ass. “You’re as beautiful as you are responsive. I like you with your ass glowing and your body on the edge of coming.”
He slid his fingers through her wet slit, circled them around her clit, and pinched it hard. She let out an excited squeak, expecting him to screw her immediately. Instead, he pinched each of her nipples in turn. When she pouted, he chuckled and ran his fingers up her inner thighs. Every muscle in her body tensed in anticipation. Finally, as he curled his body around her, he slid his cock inside her.
When the head brushed her G-spot, she panted and rocked her hips. Tied with her pussy open, she tried to thrust her hips back, but he chuckled and withdrew. “So eager, Kitty Gail.”
She moaned softly, wanting him deep inside her. He pinched her clit, then slid his dick back inside her. It felt solid and long, so thick it filled her completely. He waited a moment, letting her adjust to his size. Then he thrust hard. She panted and arched her back, trying to pull him deeper. He withdrew again, leaving her sighing in frustration as he knelt and ran his tongue over her clit.
She panted hard, her body almost exploding with need. “Please, Master Jay, let me come.”
He entered her once more, and when his pubic bone rocked against her hips, she shrieked and came hard. Her orgasm felt like a mule kick to her womb, so intense it bordered on painful. A moment later, he found his own release inside her. Abigail had never enjoyed better sex or a better spanking.
Once they recovered, he released her bonds. “Kitty Gail, you were amazing. Shall we do it again when you visit next month?”
God, I want to, but I can’t. There’s the letter to consider. She dressed quickly and headed toward the entrance. Pausing in the doorway, her composure almost shattered as she told him, “No. I’m never coming back here again.”
Chapter Two
Abigail never cried, except when she submitted to a Dom’s discipline. Tonight, she fled the club in tears. The drive back to her motel room seemed endless. Shuffling in her seat, she tried to ease the throbbing in her ass. And why the hell are all the traffic lights red?
Finally, she pulled into the parking lot. Tomorrow, she’d face the ninety-mile drive home, but for now she wallowed in her misery. She hadn’t even told Adam, her older brother, about the letter yet, but he’d go ballistic when he heard the terms of their great-aunt’s will. She’d booked a Skype call for Sunday, and she’d try to stay calm when she told him the conditions. He’d hate them, of course, but he could only inherit Montgomery Hall if they and the second cousin they hadn’t known existed all married within a year.
There were so many problems with that. First, although she loved her small-town life, the lack of local Doms she could trust with her need for submission was a problem. All things considered, there weren’t any single men she’d date, let alone wed. Adam couldn’t come home until Easter, which left him seven months to find a bride. He hadn’t dated seriously for years, not since something went wrong between him and Mandy at their graduation ball.
Finding a husband topped Abigail’s to-do list, closely followed by tracking down her mysterious cousin. The lawyers had promised to search for her, but if they failed, the hall would be sold to the highest bidder. Its cliff-top position and acres of land meant developers would flock to it like jackals.
Deciding she could only deal with one problem at a time, Abigail had arrived in Polka Springs City with a plan. Her first thought had been to join a dating website, but someone might see. Next, she’d planned to register with a dating agency, but to her way of thinking, it smacked of desperation. Of course, that was exactly what her Great-Aunt Edith’s will had made her.
Once Abigail had scurried into her motel room, she’d pulled out a pad and listed the things to make her desirable to a man. Damn it, I’m not sexy or stunning, and Adam says my fashion sense sucks. If she joined a dating agency far enough from Westhorpe Ridge, no one would ever know she’d been frantically trying to find a husband, she hoped. Only, it could take forever.
Even computer assisted, she might never meet a prospective partner. Having limited options was the pits, especially since everyone missed out if she failed to find a prospective bridegroom. She felt more trapped now than when Master Jay had tied her legs wide open in a frog position.
Her quickest way forward—advertise for a husband. Ashamed she’d stooped so low, she felt underhand and seedy as she sought the right words to ensure everyone’s future. Husband wanted read too stark. Well-paid job vacancy could mean anything. Finally, she decided on Two-year exclusive contract for the right man. Must be without ties or commitments. Initial retainer and outstanding remuneration paid once the contract ends. She hoped it didn’t sound too sexist, but she couldn’t advertise for a woman, could she?
According to her Great-Aunt Edith’s will, each of her three heirs received three-quarters of a million dollars outright. Once they’d all been married for two years, Adam would inherit Montgomery Hall along with the residue of the estate—about fifteen million dollars, excluding the stocks and shares, or so the lawyers had said. Abigail and the mystery cousin would receive another four million each.
Abigail would have traded the lot for a loving hug and a kind word from her aunt. The woman had bullied her way into Abigail’s mother’s life. Since Abigail was still grieving her father’s loss, the way her mother had rolled over and let Edith Montgomery crush the life out of her had felt like a double blow to Abigail. Gradually, her mother had turned cold and bitter. She’d started picking fault with her daughter and sucking up to Great-Aunt Edith. Adam had vanished to start his medical training, leaving Abigail lost and vulnerable to her family’s vitriol. Those years of constant disapproval had left their mark.
She did okay on her teacher’s salary. With a little help from the bank and a mortgage, she’d bought her own home—and she’d never asked her great-aunt for a penny. The letter and the will had shocked her. All her life, she’d assumed Adam would inherit the hall, but if she didn’t wed, her brother’s hopes crumbled. She refused to fail the only person she truly cared about.
Decision made, she’d hurried to the local newspaper offices, hired a box number for the replies, and booked her advert. She’d even asked the bespectacled clerk, “When should I head back in and check for replies?”
Just thinking about it made Abigail’s head ache. Her vision blurred as exhaustion hit. She still worried over the wording, but she couldn’t change it now. Getting through the next week would be hard. More than anything, she needed a good night’s sleep, but she hadn’t managed to sleep well since she’d learned the terms of her straitlaced great-aunt’s will. Tonight, soothed by a spanking and the best sex ever, Abigail slept deeply.
* * * *
To Jared Armstrong, also known as Master Jay, Kitty Gail’s rejection felt like a punch in the gut. He’d never reacted to anyone the way he had her, and while he liked his women submissive, they had to be willing. He didn’t normally second-guess his performance, but her refusal to scene with him again made him feel as though he’d done something wrong.
He’d left the club ten minutes after his Kitty fled. Like most of the members, he traveled to Polka Springs City for the anonymity of a masked BDSM club. He also liked the way the committee vetted members. Now, thanks to Kitty Gail, he faced a twenty-mile drive with a hard-on for a woman who never wanted to see him again. Stepping outside, he pulled off his mask.
As a former Marine, he could sleep anywhere, but another night in a sleeping bag on the workshop floor had lost its appeal. Although he’d enlisted at eighteen and served his country for ten years, he’d spent his downtime studying part-time for a business degree. Once he realized he wanted to work for himself, he stayed back when his buddies went out boozing and saved for his future. He loved working with wood, and he’d planned to open a handcrafted furniture business, but his research showed that didn’t pay well. Instead, he owned a fledgling high-end kitchen business and he’d scraped together enough for a down payment on a workshop.
He’d maxed out his credit card buying the exclusive stock and handcrafting individually designed wooden cupboards. The business consisted of him, his computer, and his much loved woodworking tools. His degree had helped him target his market, but he needed a rash of orders to clear his debts and pull in a profit.
The drive home stretched into a nightmare. After Kitty Gail’s rejection, he wanted a stiff drink and his bed. He turned off toward Flaxton, but as he parked outside the factory, his cell phone rang. “Hello.”
A woman’s voice whispered, “Cousin Jared?”
Sophie? He hadn’t heard from his cousin since before he joined the Marines. Later his mom had written and told him how his cousin had run off with a boy her parents hated, but the marriage hadn’t worked out well. He knew she wasn’t ringing to say hi. “This is Jared Armstrong. What do you want?”
Her voice broke. “Jared, I messed up. Bill owed some bad people money, and they killed him. They didn’t know I’d seen everything until I went to the police. I’m going to testify against them before I go into the witness-protection program.”
He hated to think of her in trouble, but it sounded like she’d done the right thing for once. “So you’re ringing to say good-bye before you get a new identity?”
He could hear her sobs but waited patiently, letting her regain some composure. When she spoke again, her voice wavered. “Um, no. Not really. It’s just… Jared, you’re a soldier. You’ll know what to do.”
Jaw set, he counted to twenty in his head, but she still said nothing. Sophie might be almost twenty-four, but she sounded more like a frightened child. He forced himself to speak softly. “I can’t do anything if you don’t tell me what your problem is.”
His cousin broke into noisy sobs. “Unless I pay back $125,000 that Bill gambled away, they’ll go after Mom and Dad. I know it. Even if my testimony sends his killers to jail, they’ve got friends who’ll want revenge.”
Jared whistled in a breath. “That’s a hell of a lot of money. What do the police say?”
It took a while for Sophie to stop crying again. “They insist I’m wrong. This idiot cop keeps telling me, ‘we’ll put every last one of them in jail,’ but I know it’s not true. Besides, the police can’t arrest anyone for a crime they haven’t committed yet.”
Jared looked around his workshop. His every dream lived inside these walls. His bank account contained a small amount for living expense and four mortgage repayments. He didn’t have the kind of money she needed. Even if he sold everything and abandoned his long-held dream, it could be months before he raised so much cash. “Have you spoken with your parents?”
Sophie sniffed again. “They’ve hit some sort of midlife crisis and gone off exploring the Amazon basin. I’ve tried, but no one knows how to contact them.”
That put the ball firmly in his court. “If by some miracle, I raise the money, what then?”
Sophie’s tears stopped. “I knew you’d do it, Jared. Let me give you the phone number Bill used when he placed bets. Ready?”
He grunted his assent and wrote the number on the pad he kept by the phone, but $125,000? Getting his hands on the money would take a miracle. “Sophie, I’ll do my best, but I can’t promise anything.”
The trained killer inside him wanted to hunt down the mobsters the way he had the insurgents who’d tortured his allies. Only he wasn’t a Marine anymore. Besides, this wasn’t the Middle East. He had to do something; otherwise his aunt and uncle became targets in a battle they didn’t know existed. He opened his mouth to tell his cousin he’d look into it, but she’d already hung up.
If he could, he’d forget tonight ever happened. Kitty Gail’s rejection had hit him like a sucker punch, but given his soon-to-be penniless state, that had to be a good thing. He’d saved for years to set up his own business, and now his dreams were evaporating like the steam from his coffee. Tomorrow, he’d put his workshops back on the market, maybe his tools too. Abandoning his only dream cut deep into his heart. So many plans, so much saving, all for nothing. Still, his aunt’s and uncle’s safety mattered more than his ambitions.
He stormed into the small kitchen and grabbed a bottle of whiskey. Getting drunk wouldn’t help long term, but it would make him feel better for tonight—only he had a meeting with a prospective client in the morning. Maybe he could swing a big order, but it would only make a small dent in the money he needed to raise. Still, if Sophie couldn’t trace her parents, he’d bet the bad guys couldn’t either. That gave Jared a little time to plan. Right now, he’d take any advantage—no matter how small—that he could.
Knowing he wouldn’t get any sleep, Jared made a coffee, moved into the workshop, and studied a piece of naturally dried oak leaning against the wall. Carefully, working with the wood’s natural contours and grain, he shaped and polished it to perfection. He hadn’t intended to show anyone his workshops yet, but by morning the polished oak worktop sat atop handcrafted cabinets. He crossed his fingers and hoped his client would love it.
* * * *
After a night spent working with his hands, his belly still churned. He had three months at the most to raise more money than he’d ever owned in his life. Putting his concerns to the back of his mind, he checked over his designs for his prospective client’s kitchen.
Everything went fine, and an hour later, he had his first order—along with a deposit of $10,000 to cover his expenses. If not for his cousin’s debt hanging over him, he’d be thrilled.
His weekend passed in a blur of woodworking and polishing. The quicker he finished the kitchen, the quicker he’d have some extra cash in the bank.
By Monday lunchtime, he needed some fresh air to clear his head, so he strolled to the newsagents and bought a newspaper. Back home, he settled with a coffee and flicked through the Polka Spring’s Post. An advert jumped out at him.
Two-year exclusive contract for the right man.
Must be without ties or commitments.
Initial retainer and outstanding remuneration paid once the contract ends. Replies to PO Box 7952.
He couldn’t imagine any job paying a $125,000 advance, but the longer he looked at the advert, the more he decided it had his name on it. Pulling pen and paper from a drawer, he considered how to respond. Needing money to pay off gangsters wouldn’t make a good impression. Finally, he decided to be as honest as possible.
Dear Sir,
Please will you consider me for the job you advertised? I’m a former Marine sergeant only recently returned to Civvie Street. If you need someone strong, fit, and reliable, I’m your man. I will be available in six-weeks’ time, as I have an order to complete for my newly formed bespoke kitchen design business. I will not break my word to anyone, least of all a client who has paid for my services.
I need a large amount of money for personal reasons, and the only thing I have left to sell is my labor.
I have references and am willing to tackle anything, as long as it’s honest.
Yours,
Jared Armstrong
He read it through once, went back, and added his phone number. He’d have to work twenty-four-seven to finish his contract in six weeks, but the profit—added to any advance on the mysterious job—might keep the gangsters from going after his unsuspecting aunt and uncle. Maybe the mobsters would let him pay on an installment plan.
Chapter Three
Abigail sat at her computer and Skyped her older brother. As always, she relaxed when he smiled and stood back, letting her see that he hadn’t been wounded in action. They began every Skype call with this same small ritual, but as a military medic in the war-torn Middle East, he often had to visit the front line. She worried every time the news reported a bomb blast or gunfight.
He grinned. “Still wearing sweaters that would fit me, sis?”
Ignoring his teasing, she announced, “I’m getting married.”
Okay, maybe she sounded more confident than she felt, but people answered adverts, didn’t they?
Adam did a double take. “Who’s the lucky guy, and do I know him?”
Damn, she’d meant to work up to telling him about the letter and the will, but she’d blurted it out the way the kids in her class told family secrets. “It’s Great-Aunt Edith’s fault.”
Adam’s jaw dropped. “She’s dead. She can’t still be yanking your chain.”
“She is.” Abigail rushed into her explanation. “Yours too. No weddings, no big inheritance, and no Montgomery Hall. You, me, and some stranger we’ve never heard of, let alone met, all get three-quarters of a million dollars. Add in how we need to find our mysterious second cousin and persuade her to marry, then the whole thing’s a nightmare.”
He heard her out but shook his head. “Much as I love the hall, it’s not worth it. Don’t rush into something. If it’s about the money, you can have half my three-quarters million initial inheritance. I’ll still have a sizable chunk to buy into a general practice. Doc McFadden wants to cut back on his workload, and I’ve spoken to him about coming back to Westhorpe Ridge and buying into the practice.”
Abigail answered without hesitation. “The money doesn’t matter. I’m doing all right on my teacher’s salary.” Her cheeks heated, and she hoped her blush didn’t give away her upcoming lies. “There’s this guy I met. It’s in the early days, but I think he’s the one.”
Adam frowned. “As long as it’s not Kevin Jones. He was a shit in high school, and I’m betting he’s still a shit now.”
“Maybe that explains why he became a lawyer. Honestly, Adam, give me credit for some taste.” Abigail laughed. “Damn, our time’s up. I’ve got to go.”
After they said their good-byes, she disconnected and turned off the computer. Normally she hung on until the next serviceman-scheduled time slot approached, but her brother would bellow like a rodeo bull if she told him about her advert. With a sigh, she went back to marking essays.
* * * *
A week dragged by without her hearing any more from her aunt’s lawyers. Abigail still fretted about this unknown second cousin, but at least she’d do her part. More. She’d do it with a smile.
Saturday mornings, when she hadn’t been to Masked Nights Club on Friday, usually meant lazing in bed with a coffee and the papers. This morning she breakfasted at six am before setting out for Polka Springs City. Today, she worried she’d find the PO Box empty, or worse, all the replies would be from cheaters and liars. The will said married within the year, and the relationship had to last for a minimum of two years. What if some charlatan took her money and ran?
She’d be a fool not to have a lawyer draft a binding contract. When she thought about standing in a courtroom and admitting that men found her so unattractive that she’d bought her husband, she felt sick. Maybe just signing the papers would be enough to make them stick around—at least she hoped it would.
Midmorning, she parked outside the newspaper’s offices and hurried to collect her mail from her box. Three letters mocked her from within. Three? What sort of choice does that give me?
Rather than rush home, she lingered in a Riverside cafe, sipping a cappuccino and turning the letters over and over in her hands. Opening them would be life changing, and she wasn’t sure how she felt about that. Her hands shook as she opened the first one, but for the love of her big brother, she’d make herself do this. She read a rambling letter and decided nothing noteworthy there. The second had so many spelling mistakes and crossings-out it made her heart sink. The third though… It had possibilities.
The writer had served in the Marines. She liked his military background, even if he hadn’t joined the medical corps like her brother. He said he wouldn’t break his word to his client, so maybe he’d keep his word to her. His penmanship and spelling were faultless, but she reminded herself she wanted a husband, not another pupil.
No way would she answer the first two replies, but Jared Armstrong sounded as though he could be husband material. Taking out her cell phone, she programmed in his number but didn’t dial until she’d finished her coffee and moved to a quiet bench on the riverside.
Listening to the sound of the water rushing over a weir soothed her, but her hand still shook when she hit the Dial key. A cowardly part of her hoped no one answered.
Finally, a man picked up. “Armstrong of Armstrong’s Bespoke Kitchens speaking.”
His deep voice made her toes curl and her pussy tingle. Her mind went blank as she searched for the right words. “Your letter…my job. I need to meet you. Sorry, this isn’t easy for me. You answered my advertisement in the Polka Springs City Post. Could we meet and talk through some possibilities?”
He paused way too long before asking, “What sort of possibilities? I’m not into anything dodgy or underhand.”
Abigail wanted to cheer. He could be the one, as long as he didn’t consider her scheme dishonest. The letter hadn’t specified a love match, just two years of marriage. Once the time limit passed, she planned to pay off her husband and get a divorce. “It’s a good thing my offer is unusual but not illegal, then. Look, this would be easier if we spoke face-to-face. I’m in Polka Springs City at the moment. Where are you based?”
He paused again. “I’m in Flaxton, about twenty miles east on Westhorpe Ridge Road. Give me a chance to clean up, and I’ll be with you in a couple of hours.”
This time, Abigail hesitated. “I’ll come to you. I’ve some shopping to finish up, but I’ll call you when I get there. Okay?”
He told her, “Okay, but no rush. I’m not going anywhere, so take your time and drive carefully.”
The way he’d told her to be careful called to the submissive side of her, but she needed a temporary husband, nothing more. Her days of subbing for powerful Doms had ended when she walked away from Master Jay. Now she sat by the river and considered tying her future to a stranger. Determined to get the most out of her trip, she’d made a quick foray into the shops. Each year, she bought her class individual Christmas presents. The other teachers told her she spent too much, but she enjoyed seeing the children’s faces as they opened their toys. She had the last two to buy today, and then she’d be on her way.
Once she hung up, she picked out the presents, finished the rest of her shopping, and hit the highway.
* * * *
Jared showered quickly, wanting to impress his future boss. He’d expected the advert to be from a security firm or even a mercenary-recruiting company, not an embarrassed woman who could barely string a sentence together. He could follow orders, no matter who issued them. The Marines had taught him that, along with a dozen ways to take out his enemies, but he preferred to be his own boss.
When he looked in the mirror, he didn’t like what he saw. He’d worked all week with barely a break trying to get ahead on his commission. His beard needed trimming and his mustache, usually so neat on his upper lip, had grown scraggly. Grabbing his electronic razor, he shaved them both off, but his long hair looked messy against his clean-shaven cheeks. He grabbed some scissors, pulled the ends into a ponytail, and cut it off. Still unsatisfied, he ran the razor over his dark hair, giving himself the military crew cut he’d worn until he went on special assignment.
He pulled on some jeans and his favorite blue T-shirt. There. He looked respectable enough to impress a recruiting sergeant, let alone a prospective employer. She’d arrive in time for a late lunch, but he wanted to meet on neutral ground. He remembered the café overlooking the lake in a nearby park. When she rang back, he’d arrange to meet her there.
Hanging about doing nothing almost drove him crazy. He ached to polish a piece of oak he’d been working on, but he needed to stay clean and tidy. Sawdust on his jeans wouldn’t win him any points in a job interview, he supposed. Damn it. How long do we need to talk before I can ask her about the advance?
Eventually, he walked the three miles to the nearest park and found a table on the café’s balcony overlooking the lake. When his phone rang again, he answered, “Jared Armstrong.”
A soft, feminine voice asked, “I’m a mile from the city limits. Where should I meet you?”
He gave her directions, pleased when she liked the idea of meeting in impersonal surroundings. When the waitress came for his order, he told her, “Two sparkling mineral waters, please. A friend’s joining me soon.”
Damn it. If she asks me about my friend, I’m screwed. I don’t even know her name. Fortunately, once the waitress had brought the drinks, she left him in peace. Almost quarter of an hour later, a woman stopped beside his table. She’d pulled her hair into an unflattering ponytail, and she wore the baggiest sweater he’d ever seen. Her glasses were the gold-rimmed sort that went out of fashion before the change of the century.
Rising to his feet, he held out his hand. “Jared Armstrong. Pleased to meet you.”
He towered over her diminutive frame, six-feet-six to her five-feet-four. She studied him a moment, reached out, and shook his hand briefly. “Abigail’s enough for now.”
He sat back in his seat, forcing himself to appear relaxed. “Okay.”
He regretted not pulling her chair out and seating her, but she was a prospective employer, not his date. A good thing too, since she didn’t seem to have an ounce of vanity or dress sense. He sipped at his water and waited for her to speak.
Blushing, she sucked on her lower lip. “This is awkward. Can I ask you some questions?”
He nodded. “I don’t guarantee answering them, but ask away.”
God, he wished she’d get on with it, but she studied the unopened menu as though her life depended on it. Finally, she lifted her head. “Are you married?”
His eyes narrowed. “Your advert said no ties. I’m single, HIV free, and I don’t screw anyone for cash.”
She choked on her drink, coughing and splattering water over the table. Jared watched and waited, unwilling to make it easier for her when she was the one who placed the advert.
Across the table from him, Abigail curled her hands into fists and laid them on her lap. Her smile faded and her voice trembled. “Will you marry me?”
“Are you pregnant?” he shot back.
Her cheeks turned scarlet. “No. In fact, I came on my period two days ago. But I do need a husband. I know I’m not what you imagined in a wife, but I’m willing to pay a $75,000 advance as well as house, feed, and clothe you for two years. After that, I’ll pay you another $150,000 when we divorce.”
He stared at her intently, trying to decide if she needed therapy—or perhaps a few weeks in the local insane asylum. “You’re serious?”
She took a sip of mineral water. “I am.”
His eyes narrowed, and his forehead furrowed in anger. “I’ll feed and clothe myself. Can I still put time in with my business, or should I get a job local to where you live?”
When she finally smiled, it felt as though the sun had come out on a cloudy day.
Putting her glass on the table, she took looked anywhere but at him. “I’m glad you want to do so. In fact, it’s one of the reasons I chose you. You have values and goals. All I have is an insane great-aunt, or I did until recently.”
“Tell me about it,” he demanded.
Abigail’s eyes glazed over as she told him the bare bones of her story. “Great-Aunt Edith disapproved of everything. Have you ever met a woman so straitlaced she made your teeth ache? Well, that sums up my great-aunt. Her grandmother made the history books as a star of the silent movies, but she’s even more famous for the plethora of millionaires she bedded. One of her lovers gave her Westhorpe Hall, but she changed the name to match hers. Others showered her in jewels. Apparently, she preferred stocks and shares.”
As she’d intended, he laughed. Her mind drifted, and she smiled slightly. This man with his knockout smile and lickable dimples could make a fortune advertising toothpaste.
He stayed silent, so Abigail plowed on with her explanation. “My great-great-grandmother amassed millions, but her daughter had social ambitions that their mother’s reputation kiboshed. She raised her children—Great-Aunt Edith and my gran—so prim and proper they disapproved of everything, even each other. I never knew my gran, but my mom once had a rebellious streak. I think she’s found it again now she’s remarried and moved to Texas.”
He called the waitress over and ordered a liter bottle of sparkling water, then glanced across at Abigail. “I can recommend the beef sandwiches.”
She blinked, as if his interruption threw her. “That’s fine.”
He placed the order, then turned back to the woman sitting across from him. This whole thing sounded crazy, and while part of him wanted to walk away, he needed the money to keep his family safe. “Keep going.”
Abigail waited a moment before she rushed on. “Mom got pregnant without getting married. Worse, she did it again when she had me. To hear Great-Aunt Edith go on about it, you’d have thought the world had ended. Mom and Dad married eventually, but they did it in their time, not hers.”
Jared laughed. “I bet that went over well with your great-aunt.”
Abigail stared over his shoulder, hating how circumstances forced her to bare her soul to a stranger. “I used to think my family hated me and my brother, Adam. Well, not Mom and Dad, of course, but thanks to my great-aunt’s will, we’ve learned Edith also had a daughter out of wedlock. God knows how Edith Montgomery ever got a man into her bed. Kissing her would have been like sucking lemons. Anyway, no one ever spoke about her daughter, but apparently she yearned for a rock-and-roll lifestyle, packed her bags, and headed to Washington. If you’d met Great-Aunt Edith, you’d understand, but no one heard from her daughter again. Not surprising since, according to a letter my great-aunt left with her lawyers, she’s dead. Apparently my great-aunt kept tabs on her, and we learned from the will that there’s granddaughter none of us ever knew about. She shares our inheritance, assuming we can find her, but Great-Aunt Edith’s ensured Adam gets the hall.”
Jared leaned back in his chair, his arms crossed over his chest. “That’s all very interesting, but what’s it got to do with me?”
Abigail took a moment to study him, as if she was making up her mind what she was prepared to tell him. “Great-Aunt Edith inherited everything. She left me, my brother, and my missing aunt’s daughter three-quarters of a million dollars outright. If all three of us are married within a year, the money goes up—a lot, but we have to stay married for at least two years. Honestly, I’d resigned myself to being a spinster schoolmarm. Yes, I know it’s a stereotype, but men don’t see me as date material.”
He looked her over for almost five minutes, considering her demands. With those shocking glasses and frizzy hair, he’d normally pass her in the street without giving her a second look. Now she wanted to marry him. Still, as he’d put in his letter, he had nothing left to sell but himself. “I’d like $125,000 in advance, but it’s a loan. When my business takes off, I swear I’ll pay you back. I don’t want a divorce settlement either. Get a lawyer to draft the contract with those conditions, and I’ll do it.”
Chapter Four
Abigail hadn’t meant to blurt out her situation, but when Jared accepted her proposal, she wanted to do a happy dance and throw her arms in the air. Only, that wasn’t suitable behavior for a spinster schoolteacher, even one with a penchant for being bound and spanked.
Sometimes her responsibilities weighed heavily on her shoulders. Even her mother had turned prim and proper once Abigail’s dad died. Years of criticism had left their mark.
 “Don’t wear your skirts so short.”
“Wear a baggy top and stop flaunting your breasts.”
“Don’t wear so much makeup. You look like a tart.”
Gradually, her hemlines had lowered, and she’d abandoned her lipstick. Mascara went next, when her mother insisted that plain girls like Abigail shouldn’t look desperate or needy. Her tops had become baggy monstrosities her brother teased her about. Of course, Adam had been off studying medicine most of the time and more recently serving as an emergency physician in the Army Medical Corps. She’d attended the local college, lived at home, and become a teacher. She loved her job, but like a vortex whirling inside her, her family had sucked away her confidence.
Once she’d moved into her own home, she shopped for the sexiest underwear she could find online. Wearing lacy thongs or ribbon-trimmed corsets became her small rebellion. The only time she felt free was when she became Kitty Gail, but she’d done away with her secret identity, no matter how much she yearned to feel Master Jay’s hand on her bare ass.
Her life could be summed up in a series of disappointments. First, she’d been born the wrong sex; next, she hadn’t been pretty enough. She had a stubborn streak a mile wide, and her brother had abandoned her to Edith Montgomery and her mother when he left to study medicine. Now she planned to marry a man she didn’t love to secure her brother’s inheritance. “Do we have a deal, Mr. Armstrong?”
He considered a moment. “It’s Jared. Yes, I’ll marry you. The sooner the better.”
Abigail nodded. She’d see Westhorpe Ridge’s registrar and book a slot the following Saturday. He’d leave the rest of the wedding arrangements to her while he consulted with a solicitor and drew up a contract.
* * * *
Midway through the next week, Jared arrived on her doorstep for her to check and sign the contract, but they needed a witness. Abigail had arrived home late since she’d bumped into her brother’s high school sweetheart, who was paying a brief visit to the town. Abigail hadn’t seen Mandy in almost twelve years, but like her, Mandy Devlin had gone to college and trained as a teacher while studying for her degree.
Once home from school, Abigail had gathered her hair to the nape of her neck and fastened it into a low ponytail. The ends frizzed out over her back. She wore a beige jumper, a taupe skirt that skimmed her knees, and flat shoes, but at least she wore contacts instead of those god-awful driving glasses.
Jared stared a moment, mesmerized by her gaze. “Your eyes shine like sapphire-blue stars.”
She dropped her chin and stared at his feet. “No need for compliments. I stopped dreaming about being pretty years back. My family saw to that. If the contracts are ready, I bumped into Mandy Devlin earlier. We lost touch when she moved to Washington after she graduated high school, but since she’s not really local anymore, let’s ask her to witness our signatures.”
They walked through the town to the hotel Mandy’s grandmother owned. As they arrived, Mandy’s mother waved and went inside. “Hi, Abigail. I can’t stop. I promised my grandson hot milk before bed. Don’t stay out here too long, Ben.”
Abigail hurried toward her brother’s former girlfriend and the young boy standing beside her. “Good night, Mrs. Devlin. Hello again, Mandy, and you must be Ben. It’s lovely to meet you.”
The youngster looked sullen. “I like Washington better than here.”
Mandy looked horrified. “Ben, don’t be rude. Apologize.”
The youngster hung his head. “Sorry.”
Abigail grinned. Ben acted just like the kids in her class when she caught them doing mischief. “It’s okay. Small towns can seem strange after the big city. I like living near the ocean though.”
Mandy put her arm around her son’s shoulders. “He’s not keen on our moving back here, but he’ll come around. I’m taking over the hotel from Gran when I’ve worked my notice at the school. It’s time I put the stuff I’m teaching into action. Besides, Gran wants to move into a retirement home. I’ve scraped together a deposit and taken out a mortgage for the rest. Come Christmas, I’ll be your local hotelier. In fact, I plan to celebrate my return by throwing Ben a costume party at the hotel. It’ll give him chance to meet the local kids, and hopefully I’ll pick up more booking from it.”
Ben’s eyes shone. “I’m going as Captain America. Are you going to come?”
Abigail agreed instantly. She loved seeing youngsters enjoy all the things she’d missed out on as a teen—although Ben wasn’t quite a teenager yet. For Jared and Abigail, asking Mandy to witness their contract just got harder though. If she intended moving back to Westhorpe Ridge, she wasn’t the ideal person to share their secrets with, but Jared had a long drive looming. Abigail didn’t want to keep him too late, but she didn’t want to discuss her arranged marriage in front of young Ben.
Jared solved the problem for her. “It’s a bit dark for a stroll on the beach while you ladies reminisce. Ben, if your mom says it’s okay, why don’t we head over to the ice-cream stall, and I’ll buy you a cone?”
When Abigail gave a slight nod, Mandy released Ben’s shoulders and ruffled his hair. “Go on, but go easy on his wallet, Ben. I don’t want you getting a huge sugar rush before bed.”
As the menfolk left, Abigail sat an empty picnic bench. “Giving up teaching, huh? It’s a big step, but I’m doing something crazy too. I’m marrying Jared on Saturday.”
Mandy screamed, ran around the table, and hugged Abigail. She only calmed when Abigail explained the business arrangement and her great-aunt’s ridiculous will. “So we want you to witness our signatures, please.”
Mandy frowned. “So, Adam gets Montgomery Hall if he lets your great-aunt cheat you out of a romance. You shouldn’t have to marry a stranger to make things easier for your brother. As usual, he gets the best of everything handed to him on a plate. Okay, I’ll witness you signing your life away for your brother’s convenience, but I don’t like it.”
Back when Abigail had been only three or four years older than Ben, she’d teased her big brother over his infatuation with Mandy. They’d dated from the start of their high school sophomore year through to their graduation ball. Neither could wait to leave Westhorpe Ridge after they broke up. Mandy went on to study math and business administration while her brother left to become a doctor. Abigail hadn’t known Mandy still stewed over the past.
Jared and Ben meandered back, both licking enormous ice creams. Mandy grinned at Jared. “Chocolate sprinkles and raspberry syrup? Talk about a sugar rush before bed. Run inside, Ben, and say good night your grandmother while you finish your ice cream. I won’t be long, squirt.”
The youngster went to talk to his grandmother while Mandy witnessed the signatures. Formalities done, Abigail realized that in two days she’d be Mrs. Armstrong. She still wasn’t sure how she felt about that.
* * * *
Jared pulled his secondhand truck into the parking lot outside the register’s office. Beneath his only suit, his heart beat a funeral march. It surprised him that his jacket didn’t throb in time with its rhythm. Neither he nor Abigail had wanted a church wedding to seal their business arrangement, but the longer he waited in this impersonal room without flowers or music, the bleaker his future seemed. There were no guests, not even Abigail’s mother since she’d moved away after she remarried. Abigail had refused to drag her all the way back to North Carolina for a sham wedding.
For want of something better to do, he studied his hands. He’d cut and cleaned his nails, but the scratches and bruises from his nonstop woodworking showed how many hours he’d put in this week. He needed to get ahead on his first order so he could spend time with Abigail. Their marriage had to look real, but since he’d never asked, he didn’t know if she’d want to consummate it tonight.
A half smile played over his lips as he thought about Kitty Gail and the way he’d frog-tied and spanked her just a fortnight ago. Much as he longed for another meeting with his sassy blonde sub, he needed to put visions of her bound body and bare breasts aside. It felt like a betrayal to think about a blonde bombshell who’d stolen his heart with her eager responses when he stood like a bear on a hot plate in a dated registry office. Selling his freedom to keep his aunt and uncle safe crushed his soul, but family mattered more than dreams.
Maybe Abigail would chicken out of marrying him. If she went through with the ceremony, there’d be no more submissive and Dom games for him, just marriage to a plain woman with more brains than dress sense. Okay, he liked his women smart. And while he didn’t demand outstanding beauty, a little effort never went amiss.
He looked up when Abigail paused in the doorway. She’d left her hair loose, so it hung in a mass of frizz, and the voluminous pink thing she wore swamped her top half but finished midway down her thighs. Good God, is she wearing a maternity smock? She swore she wasn’t pregnant. Her pale-pink gown suited her coloring, but it must be five sizes too big. At least she had great legs beneath her pink tent. He blinked when he met her gaze. Her eyes were as fathomless as the midnight sky.
She tugged at her hemline before she started toward him, her expression set as though she faced an unruly class. The ceremony passed in a blur, with Mandy and her grandmother acting as witnesses. Afterward, Mandy insisted they head to the hotel she’d soon own. “Devlin Hotel’s honeymoon suite’s booked for you. Consider it a wedding present from me and Gran.”
Jared saw the exact moment Abigail realized they’d spend the night in the same bed. Her cheeks flushed, and she pulled at the hem of her skirt. Suddenly, he needed to get out of there and get some fresh air. “Abigail, why don’t you go back with the ladies and freshen up or something? I’ll park my truck out the front of the hotel and take a walk on the beach. When I get back, we’ll have dinner and discuss—”
Not giving him chance to finish, she linked arms with Mandy and set off toward the town’s only hotel. Jared hated the way fate had trapped him into an arranged marriage, but he’d sold part of his soul when he’d wed Abigail. His collar felt like a garrote around his neck. Getting through the next two years would be a nightmare. Being bought and paid for by a schoolteacher sucked.
Gradually, the sound of the ocean lapping at the shore soothed him. He paused to watch a dog leaping in the waves to retrieve a ball. It overflowed with joy as it concentrated on nothing but its game. Jared understood concentration, since that’s what it took to win his sharpshooter badges. The Marines had trained him for action, and it chafed that he couldn’t hunt the killers who preyed on his family.
Today had become a living hell. His bride looked like something from Ugly Betty, and tonight he needed to bed her—if his flaccid cock decided to cooperate. The dog rushed toward him, barking and showering him with droplets of salt water as it shook out its fur. Its owner hurried after his pet. “Sorry. He doesn’t mean any harm. You the man who married Abigail Montgomery?”
Jared kept his gaze on the distant horizon and his expression carefully neutral. But for the owner’s hand on his arm, he’d have turned away.
“You look after her”—the elderly man growled—“or I’ll really let Lassie here at you. Abigail was good to me when my wife took ill last year. I don’t how we’d have got through things without her. That family of hers did a right number on her, but I’m glad she’s found a man to see beneath her exterior.”
Jared flushed. He knew little about his bride, except she put her family first, but later he’d ask Abigail more about her great-aunt. He should be standing at her side, playing his role as if he meant it, not embarrassing her with his absence. He smiled at her fearsome protector. “She’s a special lady, and I’m lucky to have her.”
A younger man—all lean muscle and blond curls—joined them, his well-trained dog walking to heel. “What you doing here, then?”
Forcing a smile, Jared held out his hand. “I’m Jared Armstrong, and right now I’m giving my bride time to gossip and freshen up.”
Satisfied, the newcomer shook his hand. “Sean Mathews, local sheriff. Don’t worry about Lassie there attacking you. Hurt Abigail, and I’ll come looking for you myself.”
It seemed Jared’s wife’s friends thought highly of her. The old guy with the wet dog adored her, but the sheriff could have been husband material. Later, he’d ask Abigail why she hadn’t wanted to marry the lawman who obviously cared about her. Or maybe she’d asked him and he’d refused.
With a forced smile, Jared told him, “I’m just glad Abby’s got so many good people looking out for her, Sheriff.”
Jared turned on his heel and strode back into the town. He’d apologize to Abigail if his absence had made things awkward and promise to do better in future. As he climbed onto the boardwalk, he spotted Abigail sitting at a picnic bench, deep in conversation with young Ben.
The boy waved to Jared. “Mrs. Armstrong says I can sit in on her class while we’re here. My school shut for three more days while they repair the central heating. Going to class means I can get to know the other kids. Maybe this place won’t be so bad if I have someone my age to hang out with.”
Mrs. Armstrong? Hearing Abigail called by her married name felt like a bucket of cold water thrown in Jared’s face.
Oblivious, Ben chattered on. “Hey, you get to spend the night in the honeymoon suite. It’s bright pink and tacky, if you ask me, but my gran does her best. All the romantic stuff sucks anyway. Got to run. I promised I’d help Mom get the ballroom ready.”
Jared took the seat Ben had vacated. “Tacky, huh?”
Abigail’s cheeks flamed. “No tackier than our arrangement. Sorry, I didn’t expect the ceremony to be so difficult. I see you met Sean Mathews and William Holland. William and his wife live three doors along from me. Sorry, I mean us. Sean’s kind of my surrogate older brother while Adam’s away. I hope they didn’t give you a hard time.”
He covered her hand with his. “Not at all. They just told me how lucky I am to have married you and threatened to set their dogs on me if I hurt you.”
She laughed, clearly thinking he exaggerated, but his face never slipped. “Really? Jared, I’m sorry. That’s awful.”
He shook his head. “I’m glad they’re looking out for you. You did a kind thing for the kid, asking him to sit in with your class.”
He’d never noticed the way her smile turned her from unremarkable to stunning before, but she glowed when he spoke about her class. He vowed to spend the night at her side and see how many times he could make her smile again. What, with those long legs and her smile, she held a promise of something more than dowdy clothes and a self-sacrificing streak.
He stared out to sea for a moment, then spotted Sean and William watching from the beach. Not that he cared. The way his new wife radiated kindness and warmth touched him deeply. He had a sudden need to kiss her, so he leaned over the table and brushed his lips over hers, offering a taste of everything they’d share later. The way she backed off and blushed reminded him of a skittish colt. He liked his women sassy but submissive. His wife was a sweet-natured virgin who blushed at his touch.
He stood and offered her his hand. “Let’s go inside. We can get through this, but it might be a long night.”
With another of her glorious smiles, she took his hand and let him lead her indoors. When they stepped through the door, they realized half of Westhorpe Ridge had gathered to toast their nuptials. William and Sean fastened their dogs’ leashes to a rail outside and followed them in.
The room erupted into good-natured teasing and cheers. Determined to play his part better this time, Jared put his arm around Abigail’s shoulders and pulled her close.
He soon realized she had a kind word for everyone in the room. As he downed another glass of champagne, he felt proud of the woman he’d married. Maybe they could build their relationship on mutual respect and friendship. He wanted nothing to do with love, not when he was just a temporary accessory.
Chapter Five
The last hour had been harder than the wedding ceremony. Making her friends believe she’d married Jared for love felt wrong, but if Abigail admitted the truth, it might overturn the will. Her new husband had been a tower of strength, staying at her side and anticipating her needs.
Eventually, he maneuvered her toward the elevator, scooped her into his arms, and called, “Good night, folks.”
A chorus of catcalls and laughter followed them, only stopping with the elevator doors closed. She expected him to put her down and keep his distance, but he held her firmly against his chest. When she rested her head against it, she could hear his heart beating. The scent of the beach clung to him, all fresh ozone-laced air and gentle ocean breezes. A feeling of contentment filled her, but it evaporated into giggles as he carried her through the bedroom door.
Tacky didn’t come close. A four-poster bed with Barbie-pink hangings dominated the room. She hated the paler pink wallpaper with gold embossed hearts and silver lovebirds, but the shocking pink quilt covered in applique hearts made her shudder. She couldn’t help it. She laughed. “Ben called it right. It’s certainly pink and it’s definitely tacky. Are we supposed to sleep in that bed? I need sunglasses just to go near it.”
Jared raised an eyebrow. “It’s the honeymoon suite. We’re not meant to sleep.”
She felt her cheeks heat, but now that she’d felt the strength in his arms and the breadth of his chest, she wanted to explore his body, maybe even consummate this marriage. It wasn’t like she hadn’t slept with semi-strangers before. The masked men at the club usually spanked her before they screwed her, but she shouldn’t be thinking about Master Jay when she needed to concentrate on Jared.
He set her down, and while he popped open a bottle of champagne, she explored the bathroom. Even the heart-shaped bathtub shone day-glow pink. Still laughing, she perched on the edge of the bed and sipped the drink Jared passed her. “This place is the pits. I hope Mandy knows she needs to redecorate once she takes over the hotel.”
He sat beside her, suddenly serious. “Do you want to do this, or shall I sleep in the bath?”
She swallowed her champagne so fast her eyes watered. The thought of Jared’s six-feet-six frame contorted in the too-narrow, too-short, and too-pink tub made her laugh again. “Sorry, but there’s no way you’ll fit. Maybe we should go to bed and get it over with.”
He stripped off his jacket and bow tie. “A little enthusiasm wouldn’t go amiss. I know you’ve not had much experience, but I promise I won’t hurt you.”
If only he knew. Right now, she needed dominating and spanking, but she’d married a former Marine turned carpenter, not a Dom. “I’m not a virgin, you know.”
He kicked off his shoes. “Good. That makes things easier.”
He put his empty glass on the dresser, lifted her calves over his knee, and pulled off her shoes. She wished he would turn her facedown, butt raised ready for a spanking, but as he massaged her feet, she sighed. “Ooh, don’t stop. I bought some high heels to match my new dress, but my feet are killing me. Honestly, when I looked in the mirror this morning, I almost scrapped the whole outfit. I could almost hear my mom calling me a slut for showing off my legs.”
Pressing his thumbs in hard enough to make her moan with pleasure, he continued with the foot massage. “I’m glad you didn’t. Your legs are amazing. It makes me wonder what other delights you’re hiding under your dress.”
Abigail moaned softly when he stroked her calves as well as rubbed her feet. A moment later, he sat on the bed and pulled her onto his lap, deliberately letting her voluminous dress rise over her hips. “How about we get rid of this?”
She lifted her arms and let him pull it over her head. Her brother always scolded her for wearing her clothes too baggy. Of course, she’d never tell him what she wore underneath. Abigail loved her sexy lingerie, and she’d chosen to wear a black basque trimmed with red lace for her wedding. Wearing it made her feel wicked and sexy. Judging by the startled grin on Jared’s face, he liked what he saw.
He stood back, his intense gaze taking in every detail of her figure-hugging lingerie. “You take my breath away. Come closer and let me unlace you. I’ll warn you in advance, I mean to take my time unwrapping my wedding present.”
She liked how he called her his wedding present. Without her Kitty Gail costume, she lacked the confidence to ask him to spank her. Instead, she stood before him, one leg bent, one hip set back from the other as she lifted her arms overhead. “I’d like that.”
He skimmed one hand over her breasts, then pulled the red string out of the top eyelet. When he stared at her cleavage, her nipples pearled. The hungry look in his eyes made her pussy tingle. She craved his hands on her body and his lips pressed against hers. If he topped off her evening with a spanking, her wedding night would be perfect.
Her voice throbbed with need. “You still have your shirt on.”
Trailing her hand around his shoulders, she stepped closer and unfastened his top button. The smattering of dark hair spread over his chest reminded her of Master Jay. Telling herself to concentrate on her new husband, she undid the next button. Her hand slid lower, enjoying the solid warmth of his chest.
Jared unfastened his pants and let them fall to the floor. She stared at his cock, marveling at the size and thickness. Normally, when her Doms undressed, they’d already blindfold her. With Jared, she wanted to touch, see, and feel. If she plucked up the courage, she’d taste him too.
He unfastened his cuffs, and when she finished unbuttoning his shirt, he let it fall from his shoulders. He stood before her, bared and buff. She’d never seen a more beautiful sight. With his washboard abs and cheeky grin, her husband looked like he belonged on the cover of a romance novel.
She stood before him in her sexy black-and-red basque, but when she reached for the lace, he narrowed his eyes. “I said, leave it.”
Her hands dropped back to her sides, but his brusque tone carried her straight back to some of her scenes at Masked Night’s BDSM club. She kept her face set in an unemotional mask, but she wanted to smile. Maybe her husband had a dominant streak after all. She really hoped so.
He stepped closer, bent his head, and sucked her breast through the satin covering. Her nipples hardened in response. Sparks of electricity shot through her body, making her clit throb. She threw back her head, letting her hair tumble in a frizz of static around her shoulders. When he fingered her clit, she moaned. Even without his hand blistering her butt, sensual needs made her breasts tingle and her pussy damp. When he bit gently on one nipple, she arched her back. Just as he promised, he took his time stripping her basque from her body.
She fell to her knees and stroked one finger along his cock. Lost in the feelings her husband roused inside her, she nuzzled her cheek against it and inhaled his linseed oil and fresh-soap essence. Everything about him, from the way he walked to the soap brand he used, thrilled her. She barely knew him, but her attraction to him grew with every touch, every sight of his hard muscles and glorious cock. Her pussy overflowed with need. Her intimate juices flooded over the tops of her thighs, leaving them sticky.
The surprised look on his face and the way he smiled at her made her blood pound. Leaning in closer, she flicked her tongue across the tip of his cock. It jerked at her touch, so she wrapped her fist around it and stroked the length of him.
Jared’s shudder of delight spurred her to suck him farther into her mouth. Her tongue explored every ridge of his penis as she moved her lips back and forth along its length. He thrust his hips forward, then pulled back as though he thought he might hurt her. With a wicked grin, she put her hands on his butt cheeks and sucked him deeper. She could taste his precum on her tongue. Slightly salty, it tasted of the sun, sand, and the seaside.
Jared panted and gritted his teeth, “Abigail, I can’t…”
As she deep-throated him, his sperm peppered the back of her throat like buckshot. She swallowed hard, pulling his essence deep inside her, but some of his cum spilled between her lips as she kept sucking. Only when she’d drained him dry did she pull back and smile.
Kneeling at his feet and giving him her best blowjob thrilled her submissive side. She couldn’t have enjoyed pleasuring him more if he’d used ropes and blindfold, but the longings Jared Armstrong roused inside her were an unexpected gift that left her craving more. She hoped this sensual attraction between them didn’t complicate things.
Jared’s gaze meshed with hers, and although neither said a word, shivers ran along her spine. A tingle of need sparked inside her womb, then burst into a bonfire of need. When he helped her to her feet, his strength made her feel small and defenseless. Any minute now, her resolve would shatter, and she’d embarrass herself by begging him to spank her.
Scooping her in his arms, he carried her toward the bed. “That was unexpected but very welcome. You’re quite a surprise, little Abby.”
Usually she protested when people shortened her name, but the way Jared called her by a pet name made her feel fluttery inside. He laid her on the screaming-pink comforter and crawled up her body. He reminded her of a jungle cat claiming its prey, and she liked it.
His lips met hers, and when his tongue delved between her lips, she wondered if he’d taste his own cum. Another sweep of his tongue, and all rational thought faded. She’d do anything this man demanded, but when their kiss ended, she moaned softly.
He chuckled and rolled one of her nipples between his finger and thumb while he explored the other with his teeth and tongue. She wanted him to bite a little harder or twist the nipple he fingered, but instead he moved his hand lower.
Jared’s fingers found her clit, teasing it with gentle strokes that made her writhe on the bed. He pushed her legs wider and kissed his way down her flat stomach before he feasted on the juices pooled in her pussy. She tensed and cried out when his tongue speared her vagina. He took his time, licking and tormenting her until she wanted to beg. She almost regretted making him come in her mouth. He kept lapping at her clit until her hands curled into the comforter and her head tossed to and fro on the pillow.
When she felt his cock stiffen against her leg, she whimpered for more. He chuckled against her clit, then slid one finger inside her. Hips bucking, she tried to ride his hand. Before she could find the relief she needed, he stopped and kissed his way back to her breasts. She mewled like a hungry kitten, arching her back and rotating her hips.
The head of his cock pushed into her vagina, and desperate to take him deeper, she bucked her hips again. He obliged, thrusting his hips forward and seating himself balls-deep inside her. He scooped his arms under her legs, draping them over his shoulders and leaving her pussy flared open.
The position ensured his every thrust hit her G-spot. As he pumped inside her, she moaned and clutched the comforter harder. She came over and over, coating his cock with her juices before they spilled over his balls and dripped onto the bed. She’d never enjoyed a more glorious orgasm, even when it came after bondage and spanking.
JARED HAD EXPECTED his bride to be shy about their wedding night, but she’d gone down on him with delicious enthusiasm. The way Abigail had moaned and writhed beneath him had blown his mind. When she’d dropped to her knees and given him the best blowjob he’d enjoyed outside the BDSM club, only his dominant nature and steadfast determination had kept him standing.
The way she’d responded to his touch thrilled him. Their temporary marriage vows had included the words ” forsaking all others,” and he always kept his word. He’d imagined two years of celibacy or maybe atrocious sex. Instead, his bride awed him with her willing response. No way would he stay celibate now, but he would stay faithful. After the cash advance they’d agreed on, he owed her that. Besides, after their steamy wedding night, he wanted more of her.
Tonight, he’d held himself back, not wanting to scare her, but maybe he could win her trust and teach her about bondage, spanking, and the way pain heightened pleasure. Not slipping his finger into her rosebud rear entrance had been hard. Earlier, he’d thought her a shy virgin. Now he wanted to fill her every orifice with his cock. The things he could teach his schoolmarm…but first he’d tend to her body.
Aware that his Abigail—too formal after I’ve screwed her—Abby would be overwhelmed by what they’d just shared, he pulled her into his arms and held her close. She dozed a while, but when he released her, she woke.
He smiled and stroked her wire-wool hair. “Don’t give me the evil eye. I’m not going anywhere, except to run you a bath. You need to soothe your aches, both inside and out.”
The bathroom made him gasp, but not in a good way. The heart-shaped tub barely left room for an adult to stretch out their legs, never mind share. Much as he wanted to sit her on his lap and bathe her, he’d have to kneel alongside the tub and tend her needs from the side.
Once he’d carried his bride into the bathroom, he lowered her naked body into the water.
Her head rolled and her eyes glazed with pleasure. “My, that’s so good.”
He’d planned to run the sponge over her breasts before he cleaned his cum from between her legs, but his phone rang. He wanted to ignore it, but Abigail said softly, “It might be business.”
He wanted to say it could wait, but he had a bad feeling in his gut. He dropped a quick kiss on her forehead, stood, and hurried into the bedroom. He let his frustration at leaving his bride show in his voice. “Hello.”
“Cousin Jared,” Sophie whispered. “Thank God. I’ve been calling for ages. I’m so sorry. The guys I thought would go after Mom and Dad can’t find any trace of them.”
He rolled his shoulders, trying to release the tension between them. “That’s a good thing, isn’t it?”
Sophie sobbed. “Not when they’re coming after you instead.”
Chapter Six
For once, Jared Armstrong didn’t know what to do. Sophie’s phone call turned his world on its head. No way would he, a former Marine who’d thrived in dark, dangerous places, pay protection money on himself. The only downside was the way his refusal might put his Abby in danger. Maybe he could persuade her to take a holiday while he dealt with the mess his cousin’s behavior had made of his life.
He wasn’t sure when she’d become his Abby, but after tonight, he wanted to claim her in every way a man could claim a woman. Right now, she relaxed in the bath, waiting for him. For tonight, he’d say nothing. Tomorrow, he’d have to tell her everything.
He loved the way Abby’s eyes glowed when she talked about school, and he’d seen firsthand how kind and caring she’d been toward young Ben. He couldn’t imagine her walking away and leaving her young charges without a teacher. He considered returning to his workshops and using himself as bait, but he refused to leave his Abby alone and vulnerable. Whatever happened, whether she rejected him for entangling her in a mess of his cousin’s making or not, her safety mattered more than his own.
Not that he could just sit around and do nothing. His Marine training kicked in, and in the morning he’d splurge on a decent rifle—something ex-military with a bolt action would be best, but once he got the feel of the weapon, it wouldn’t matter.
Still naked, he strode back into the bathroom.
Abigail smiled a sleepy welcome. “I think my bones have turned to mush.”
He knelt beside her. “Then sit back and let me tend you.”
The way she obeyed him without question warmed him. Funny how such a Plain Jane enthralled him. Only, underneath her baggy layers, her body wasn’t plain at all. And her eyes made him think of sapphires backlit with stars. Taking the sponge, he soaped her breasts, amazed she lay back and let him. “Sit forward, Abby. I’ll support your shoulders while I shampoo your hair.”
She shook her head. “Leave it. It’ll only turn frizzy overnight.”
He couldn’t imagine it any frizzier, but he didn’t touch it. She looked exhausted but happy, with her eyes half closed and a Mona Lisa smile playing around her lips. Lifting her out of the bath, he wrapped her in a towel and carried her to bed. Once he’d patted her dry, he pulled back the covers, laid her with her head on the pillow, and slipped in beside her. He’d never expected her to touch his heart, but the more he learned about her, the more he liked her.
For tonight, he’d hold her and pretend they’d make it through the next two years. In the morning when he told her about the mobsters his headstrong cousin had set on his tail, she’d most likely throw him out and demand a quickie divorce.
ABIGAIL SNUGGLED CLOSER, enjoying being warm, cossetted, and cuddled. Maybe her strange marriage would work out okay after all. At least her husband had enjoyed her curves and her next two years wouldn’t be celibate. Lying in a comfortable bed with her new husband’s arms around her beat staring at the ceiling in a cheap motel room after a night at the BDSM club. Everything about Jared Armstrong made her wish for a future she couldn’t have, not when she’d bought herself a temporary husband. Still trying to order her thoughts and feelings, she fell asleep in his arms.
As dawn broke, the clash of metal striking metal roused them. Another crunch had Abigail grabbing her robe, flicking on the light, and peering out the window. A black pickup with a cowcatcher battered Jared’s truck, crushing the sides and rolling it over like a child kicking a football.
A moment later, Jared stood beside her, hopping from foot to foot as he pulled on his jeans. She heard a crack like breaking wood, and the window shattered. Jared tossed her to the floor and wrapped his body around her. “Stay here, and for God’s sake, stay down.”
Aware some idiot had taken a potshot at them, she trembled beneath him. Jared rolled to the door, inched it open, and used it as a shield to turn off the light in the hallway. A moment later, he vanished into the dark corridor. Abigail thought the idiots in the car park must be some visiting city kids high on booze or drugs, but Jared shouldn’t face them alone.
Mandy appeared in the doorway. “Abigail, Jared, please say you’re okay.”
Abigail breathed deeply, pushing her panic into her stomach rather than let it fog her brain. “There’s an idiot out there shooting at us. Jared’s vanished into the night, but I’m scared they’ll hurt him. Right now, I wish I had a pistol, but a girl doesn’t normally need one on her wedding night.”
“Consider this a wedding gift, then.” Mandy shoved an antique shotgun across the floor. “Just don’t shoot your husband, okay? If you’re not hurt, I need to go check on Ben.”
In the distance, police sirens sounded as the pickup with the cowcatcher rammed Jared’s truck again. Abigail heard the scrape of metal against metal and shuddered. Anger shot through her. No one had a right to destroy her husband’s truck, especially when he needed it for his business.
Despite her adrenaline spike, Abby grabbed the gun, checked it had shells, then stood at the side of the window. Centering her emotions, she held the gun before her in both hands. She’d barely held a weapon since her father died, and she prayed she remembered how to do this. Aiming at the truck’s massive tires, she looked along the sight and squeezed the trigger. The recoil blasted her elbows into her chest. The smell of sulfur filled the room. In the parking lot, the truck’s front tire exploded. Bingo. Direct hit.
The pickup’s engine roared as the vehicle backed across the parking lot. It spun as though the driver had yanked the handbrake and headed toward the main road. A black-garbed figure shot from the bushes lining the parking lot, hotly pursued by Jared. Her husband lunged, tackling the runner to the ground. They tussled, fists flying. Abigail pumped another bullet into the chamber, but she couldn’t get a clear shot. Instead, she aimed at the pickup’s hood.
The truck raced backward, reversing flat-out toward the men fighting on the ground. Her shot missed by inches, echoing through the night and making gravel spurt upward in the parking lot. The truck’s passenger door swung open, and the engine revved again. The runner swung at Jared with a punch that would have made Joe Fraser proud.
The driver flung a bottle at Jared’s battered vehicle; the sound of breaking glass seemed so much clearer than the approaching sirens. The bottle must have been a Molotov cocktail, since flames engulfed the remnants of the truck. Jared’s adversary dived for the pickup. His feet dangled out the door as it shot off.
Abigail needed to run her hands over Jared’s body and check he wasn’t hurt. She raced through the hotel and into the parking lot just as he heaved himself to his feet and the police cruiser arrived. Flinging herself into her new husband’s arms, she stroked his cheek and ran her fingers through his hair.
He closed his arms around her. “Easy there, Abby. I’m sore in a couple of places, but the bastard who took a potshot at you has at least two broken ribs. Tell me, sweetheart, which part of stay down didn’t you understand?”
Confused, she stared into his face. She’d shot out the bad guys’ tire and maybe stopped the driver from aiming his truck at Jared rather than his battered truck. Surely that was a good thing, but her satisfaction faded when his jaw had set in stern lines. Even in the dusky light, she saw the hard gleam in his eyes.
Nervous, she tried to step out of his embrace. “I tried to help.”
He held her a moment, making her feel like the most precious thing in his world, then turned to face Sheriff Sean Mathews as he exited the police car.
“What the fuck? Someone meant business here. What the hell are you involved in, Armstrong?”
Jared saw his Abby shiver, and he needed to get her indoors. “Can we do this later?”
Sean’s hand crept toward his holster. “This thing with your truck wasn’t some casual accident. No one leaves here until I know why those idiots targeted you. The perpetrators placed a nuisance call before the attack, sending me ten miles out of town to deal with a nonexistent burglary on the Stevens’ place. Mr. and Mrs. Stevens didn’t enjoy me getting them out of bed before dawn. Hang on a moment. Let me call the fire department.”
Abigail looked across at her new husband, realizing how little she knew about him apart from the fact he’d married her because he needed money for “personal reasons”—whatever that meant. She chewed on her bottom lip and willed him to have a plausible explanation.
He kept one arm around her shoulders as they inspected his burning truck. “The poor old girl’s had it. There’s not much we can do here tonight. Why don’t I get Abby comfortable and warm? We’ll come by your office and explain things later, but right now my wife’s my main concern. You should check local hospitals for a guy about six feet two inches with a black eye and a couple of broken ribs.”
She liked the way Jared put her needs first, but Sean’s gaze turned contemptuous and cold as he stared at her new husband. “Abigail, your brother will nail my hide to the nearest tree if I let you get mixed up in something you shouldn’t. I swear I won’t let this jackass hurt you, so just tell me what you want to do.”
Thankful that Jared had arranged a respite, she moved so close her hips pressed against his. “Go with my husband, of course. He’d never do anything to hurt me, so get any stupid ideas out of your head.”
The sheriff gave her a hard glare, and as he walked back to his car, he looked over his shoulder at Jared. “Remember our conversation back on the beach.”
Abigail let her husband lead her indoors. Mandy waited in the hallway with a tray of hot drinks and leftovers from last night’s impromptu celebration. “I’ve cleaned up the glass in your room, but if you want to swap to another, that’s fine.”
Jared raised an eyebrow at Abigail but turned to Mandy. “I don’t think we’ll get back to sleep after all that excitement, but we’ll cuddle up under that comforter until my wife feels better.”
Mandy laughed. “Yeah, I almost forgot it’s your wedding night. Still, given the circumstances of your marriage, that probably doesn’t matter all that much. Meanwhile, I’ve turned the heating on in the guests’ parlor. Come through and get warm. Abigail, you were amazing, but you must have a thousand questions. I know I have. Are they coming back? Is my son safe? Those will do for starters.”
Jared growled low in his throat. “So amazing she couldn’t stay down and out of danger. Instead, you fired off potshots like a lunatic. Who the hell do you think you are? Annie Oakley? You could have been wounded or worse.”
Abigail withdrew into herself, hurt by his harsh words, but Mandy’s eyes blazed. “She protected her husband with the gun I loaned her. Back when she was in sixth grade, her dad used to take her to the shooting range every Saturday, despite her great-aunt’s loudly voiced disapproval. She was a crack shot back then. I’m sure Annie Oakley here can still hit her target.”
Abigail paced to the window, wiped away a tear with her fingers, and wrapped her arms around her chest like a shield. “Now I know why Mom hated me shooting, even though I won trophies. She used to tell me how a plain kid like me shouldn’t draw attention to herself. I should have remembered. I’m sorry.”
Mandy’s jaw dropped, but she said nothing.
Jared pulled Abigail into his arms. “You won trophies, huh? Tomorrow, you can show me this range of yours. There’s nothing sexier than a woman who knows how to use a gun. You still shouldn’t have put yourself at risk. Come on, sweetheart; let’s get you back to our room. There are some things I need to tell you before we meet with your policeman protector later.”
Abigail gave a weak giggle, soothed by his easy acceptance of things her family had disparaged her for, and started toward the door. Jared tugged her closer, scooped her into his arms, and carried her upstairs. Confused by the way he’d called her shooting skills sexy, she let him. To her, sexy only happened when she wore a mask and a wig at the BDSM club. For a moment, happiness spiked through her, but it evaporated when she realized his words were meant to reassure her after a traumatic night. Like every other man she met outside the BDSM club, he probably didn’t find her sexy at all.
When they reached the door to their room, panic hit. He’d intended to tell her something, but she wasn’t sure she wanted to hear what he had to say. Not when people deliberately burned out his truck. The whole thing smacked of organized crime to her.
Chapter Seven
Jared hated the fear shadowing Abigail’s eyes. He needed to protect her, not scare her half to death. Guilt at accepting her business proposal and putting her in danger made his stomach churn. He’d never have married her if he’d known the mobsters who murdered his cousin’s husband would come after him.
Tomorrow, he’d worry about his truck. Tonight, he needed to reassure Abby. He worried she’d hate him for pulling her into his cousin’s world of mobsters and violence. He’d never have forgiven himself if Abigail had been hurt because of him, and while he’d do anything to protect her, the courage she’d shown tonight amazed him. He realized he liked his bride more than he’d expected, and even if she threw him out for the way their marriage put her in danger, he’d see her safe before he moved on.
He held her a moment longer than necessary, then dropped a gentle kiss on her forehead. When he released her, she perched on the edge of the bed. The way she stared at him reminded him of a startled fawn about to run. Stepping back, he closed the door and checked it had locked behind him. “First, we’ll address your disobedience and how you put yourself in danger. After I’ve spanked some sense into you, we’ll talk about what happened.”
He hadn’t meant to unleash his dominant side on his unsuspecting wife, but if those creeps in the car park had gotten another shot off, she might have bled out on the bedroom floor. He refused to think about his Abigail wounded and bleeding because those idiots had come after him. Leaning against the door, he folded his arms across his chest. “Take off your robe.”
Abigail’s gaze darted about the room. “You’re going to spank me? When I tried to help you?”
He pictured her bare assed and laid over his knee. “Hell yeah. You put yourself in danger. I’d never have forgiven myself if those bastards had put a bullet in you. Why are you still wearing your robe?”
He knew this pushed her boundaries, but he needed to make her understand how much he needed her to stay safe. Okay, he suspected no one had spanked her even when she’d been a child, so he’d go easy on her virgin ass. Afterward, he’d screw her, if she still wanted him. “Normally I’d blister your bare butt with a paddle or spank it until you couldn’t sit for a week. For the first time, I’ll limit your punishment to five bare-bottom slaps.”
Abigail rose to her feet as if mesmerized. Moving in slow motion, she slipped off her robe and let it pool on the floor. When she revealed her naked body, Jared whistled in a breath. “You have no idea how beautiful you are.”
Her expression told him she didn’t believe him.
Jared sat on the ladder-back chair by the dressing table and beckoned her closer. “Lie over my knee.”
For a moment, he thought she’d run. Instead, she took a step toward him, her teeth worrying her lower lip. Rather than let her fears consume her, he repeated, “Facedown across my lap.”
She bent slowly, pressing her bare breast into his denim-clad thighs. He ran his hand over her ass, stroking her flesh and wondering if the two of them had any kind of a future. Maybe she’d throw him out tonight, but he deserved that. Slowly, it dawned on him how much he wanted to stay with her and support her. He’d protect her with his life. “Slide forward and put the palms of your hands on the floor.”
She did as he bade her, going on her tiptoes and presenting her rounded ass like a pro. Slap! Holding nothing back, he brought his hand down on her butt. Abigail rammed one hand over her mouth to stifle her scream.
Thwack! He spanked her again, enjoying the way she squirmed across his lap. If she didn’t stop rubbing her belly over his cock, he might come in his pants—something he hadn’t done since his early teens. He rubbed his hand over her ass, soothing and stroking her soft skin, loving the way it reddened where he’d hit it.
He spanked her twice more in quick succession, marking her sweet spots and turning them scarlet. She shuddered as he pinned her over his knee, but she stayed silent and held back her tears. He needed to shatter her resistance and make her understand what she’d done wrong before her reckless courage got her killed. Sorting this mess with the mob wasn’t her responsibility, whatever she thought.
The way she submitted to her spanking stunned him. Only the subs at Masked Night’s BDSM club had ever responded to being put over his knee the way Abigail did, and he still owed her another spank. He hit her once, hard and fast on her toned butt, making certain it stung. The noise of his hand slapping her flesh sounded like handclapping. Something inside Abigail broke. Sobs tore through her chest, and tears poured over her cheeks. Her butt burned with red patches. He wished he hadn’t promised to go easy. The need to dominate her and keep her safe burned through him.
He rubbed her beautiful bottom again. Gathering her in his arms, he sat her on her lap. “There. Punishment over and misdeeds forgotten. Let’s get you cleaned up; then we need to talk.”
Abigail gazed into his face, her eyes still awash with tears. “Okay, but I expect you to tell me what’s going on. Who were those men? And why did they destroy your truck?”
He slid out from under her, brought a sponge, and gently wiped her face. Once he’d dried her cheeks, he pulled her back onto his knee. “I need to tell you about those personal reasons I mentioned when I accepted your proposal.”
Abigail didn’t speak, just rested her head on his shoulder and snuggled closer. He liked the way she accepted her spanking and seemed ready to move forward. “My cousin’s life is a mess. A few years ago she married a small-time crook with a bad gambling habit, but she didn’t deserve to watch the mob murder him over his debts. She’s agreed to testify against them and go into the witness-protection program. The mob still wants their money, and they threatened to go after her mom and dad, always assuming they could find them. My aunt and uncle are off exploring the Amazon basin or something.”
Abigail listened intently. When he paused for breath, she shook her head. “The mob? The Amazon basin? It sounds like B-movie plot to me. Just throw in a few killer tomatoes.”
Jared held her tight against his chest. “The phone call earlier was from my cousin. Since the mob can’t find her parents, they’ve decided to come after me. Destroying my truck was a warning. Here’s the thing… I married you to pay them off and keep my unsuspecting family safe, but I’ll be damned if I’ll pay protection money to keep them away from me. They’re parasites who won’t leave until they’ve taken everything I hold dear. I’m only sorry I sucked you into my mess.”
She hiccupped against his shoulder. “So what happens now?”
He almost stroked her wire-wool hair but thought better of it. “I don’t suppose you’d take a month’s holiday somewhere?”
She sat up, her eyes gleaming with anger. “No way will I abandon my class. We’ve got Christmas projects to finish and the nativity to rehearse. I try to make everything special for them, with it being their last year before they move on to junior high. I’ve already bought them all individual Christmas presents. In between that, we’ll be measuring daylight hours and checking the shadows at midday. Hopefully our solstice project will help them get their heads around shortening days.”
He felt ready to argue but said nothing.
FOR ABIGAIL, CHRISTMAS felt like the loneliest time of the year. Once her father died, her mother had drifted through life, uncaring. There’d been no presents or decorations, not even a special dinner. Adam had often stayed at college, saying he needed to keep on top of his studies. Abigail had bottled her sorrow, not even telling her brother how much she ached to sing carols around a family tree or cook a Dickensian Christmas dinner for the people she loved.
Abigail still enthused over the things she had planned for her class. “I’m pushing for a field trip to Red Heart Canyon where the Cherokee nation once gathered to celebrate the winter solstice. Local history needs preserving. You see, some yahoos took exception to their temple ceremony and massacred half the gathered women and children. History records it as another land grab by the European settlers.”
Jared frowned. “That’s rough.”
“The way we treated Native Americans sucked,” Abigail agreed. “Rumor has it Red Heart Canyon is haunted by the women the settlers killed. There’s an old mine shaft cut into the side of the canyon, but no one ever found any gold. On a more cheerful note, Mandy’s going ahead with her costume party for Ben, followed by another one with a sit-down dinner for the adults. My class is real excited about it. It’s the Saturday before Christmas, but you need to plan your costume. I’ve got mine already.”
He chuckled and pulled her back against his chest. “I didn’t really expect you to leave, but I had to give it a shot. Okay, how’s this? We swear Sean to secrecy and tell him everything.”
Stiffening in his arms, she shook her head. “Everything? Even our contract? I don’t want to.”
“Total honesty,” he insisted. “Otherwise things can go wrong. I saw it happen too many times in the Marines. He’ll want to interview us separately too, so just stick to the truth. For now, let’s get back into bed. I can’t believe those idiots almost shot you.”
Neither slept, but the way Jared held her, not to mention the way her ass throbbed, made her feel warm and cared for. Her husband had called her body a delight, but her family had insisted her tits were too big and her thighs too chunky. Abigail had never considered herself fat, but her great-aunt and her mother had insisted her DD breasts made her look like a whore. As an early developer, Abigail had accepted their word and hidden her burgeoning curves.
Even her brother had flung his jacket at her and told her to cover up when she’d headed out to her end-of-year school dance. At the time, she’d felt ashamed. Now she decided Adam might have been pulling some big-brother shit. Whatever. His actions had made her more self-conscious than any of the names her great-aunt had called her.
When the alarm buzzed like a klaxon, Jared slid out of bed. “A trip to the police station and phone calls to my insurance company is not how I’d planned to start married life. I should never have involved you in my mess.”
She sat up and pulled the comforter up to her chin. “Why not? I involved you in mine. Can we skip breakfast and get the police thing over with? Sean’s going to go ballistic when I tell why we married.”
Jared sat beside her and took her hand. “I won’t let him. He will want to speak to us separately, but I’ll insist we stay together at first. I’m not hungry either. How about we make do with coffee, then have a picnic on the beach once we’ve faced the inquisition?”
She looked at the screaming pink comforter and shuddered. “Yes, please. It gives me something to look forward to after Sean’s done shouting at me.”
* * * *
Abigail paled as they entered the sheriff’s office. Since the sheriff considered himself her surrogate big brother while Adam—her real brother—completed his tour as emergency physician in the Army, the coming interview wouldn’t be pleasant.
Sheriff Sean Mathews shut down a document on his computer as Jared and Abigail entered his office. “’Morning, Abigail. Sit, the pair of you. Armstrong, I ran a background check on you. You have one hell of a service record. This stuff with your truck, could it be payback from someone who survived one of your missions?”
Jared didn’t blink. “Been a while since anyone did. It’d be more likely be my targets’ relatives, but no. This mess is due to my cousin.”
Abigail stared at her husband. What did he mean, been a while since anyone survived his missions? It made him sound like he was a contract killer.
Sean leaned back in his chair as if studying their reactions. “I’m guessing lover boy here didn’t mention how he trained as an assassin for covert operations and became one of the best military snipers out there. His kill rate is impressive, even to me.”
The death stare Jared flashed the sheriff made Abigail shudder. “Abby, sweetheart, my role involved rescuing hostages and bringing captured service personnel back to base. Sometimes the only way to bring out a wounded soldier is to go in all guns blazing. When it got too much, I quit and walked away. I’m just an everyday carpenter now. Mathews, you had no right to drop my former career on Abby like that.”
Sean snorted. “You let him call you Abby? Back in third grade, you blackened my eye when I tried it. Given I was a senior at the time, it didn’t do much for my reputation.”
She smirked across the desk at him. “Maybe because you always had a big mouth. Now, ritual insults over, can we tell you about Jared’s cousin?”
It took a while, but they explained how they’d married for mutual advantage.
The sheriff’s eyes narrowed. “Abigail Montgomery, that’s the dumbest thing I ever heard. Adam will kick my ass clear across the county for letting you do something so goddamn stupid.”
Abigail dropped her chin, blushed, and placed her hands on her lap. Her marriage had started under strange circumstances, but after last night, she had hopes.
Jared cradled one of her hands between his and glowered at the sheriff. “It’s Abigail Armstrong now. Maybe if you didn’t bellow at her, she’d have asked you to marry her rather than me. It’s my good luck she advertised for a husband instead. One question though. Do you shout at all your crime victims, or do you just feel you can bully my wife?”
Abigail could almost see the smoke come out of Sean’s ears, but he turned cold and professional. “Sorry, Abigail, I was out of order, especially after the things you went through last night. Since you’ve already said you won’t leave town, you stick to your husband’s side like glue. If he needs to go off alone, then he drops you off with me. I’ll have patrol cars run by the school on a regular basis, but my gut feeling is they meant destroying your truck as a warning. Armstrong, if you catch them, no killing on my patch, okay?”
She like the way Jared cradled her hand. He dropped his voice to little more than a whisper. “Look at me, sweetheart. I left all that behind when I left the Marines. If we’re done here, Sheriff, you’re keeping me and my wife from a picnic on the beach.”
The sheriff ground his teeth but nodded, “We’re done. Besides, I need to check out your cousin’s story. Abigail, anything suspicious and you ring me.”
Jared gave Sean a curt nod, stood, and took Abigail’s arm. “Come on, sweetheart. For today, let’s forget everything but how much we enjoyed our wedding night.”
As if pleased with his parting shot, he put his arm around her shoulders and shepherded her out the door. As they left, Sean’s phone rang.
Abigail rolled her shoulders and sighed once they made it into the parking lot. “I’m glad that’s over.”
The sheriff raced after them. “I need you to come back inside, right now.”
Abigail trembled beneath Jared’s arm. “What is it?”
Jared sensed the anger rolling off the sheriff. “Abby, not here. Let’s do as the sheriff asks.”
This time, Sean led them to a comfortable room. “Sit. Maisie’s bringing coffee.”
Grim-faced, Jared sat. He pulled Abigail into the chair beside him and kept his arm around her shoulders. A gray-haired lady bustled in with a tray of drinks. “Here you are, Abigail dearie. This must be your new husband. Mr. Armstrong, I’m Maisie Johnson, the administrative backbone of this place. Don’t let young Sean tell you otherwise.”
Jared flashed her a smile, but it didn’t reach his eyes. “Nice to meet you. Thanks for the drinks. I’m glad someone keeps the sheriff in order.”
When Sheriff Mathews cleared his throat, Maisie fled.
Abigail sat forward, her eyes misted with tears. “Has something happened to Adam? Is he hurt?”
Jared gave her shoulders a squeeze as Sean shook his head. “God, no, I hope not. Armstrong, those shits did more than total your truck last night. While they took a potshot at Abigail, someone burned your workshops to the ground. The Polka Springs police are certain it’s no accident.”
Chapter Eight
Jared’s stomach churned. Everything he owned—his tools, his truck, and his workshops—gone in one night. All the work he’d done on his client’s high-spec kitchen burned to ash, right along with his dreams.
His fingers tapped an angry rhythm on Abigail’s shoulder. “Do they need me on site today? Or can I take a few hours to think? I’d rather go when Abby’s teaching school tomorrow than drag her deeper into this. My insurance company’s going to have a heart attack, what with my truck and my workshops both going up in smoke. At least I’ve saved all my documents in the cloud.”
Sheriff Mathews stood. “Leave it with me. I’ll go make a couple of phone calls. For what it’s worth, I’m sorry I gave you a hard time earlier. You served our country, and you deserve better than this.”
He left them alone, but neither Jared nor Abigail spoke for a while.
Finally, Jared stared into her eyes. “I’m sorry.”
She shot to her feet. “You’re sorry? You just lost your workshops because of your cousin’s problems, and you’re apologizing to me? We need to regroup or whatever they call it in the Marines. Let’s make of list of things we need to get your business back up and running.”
Jared managed a small smile. “You’re very fierce for a woman who recently got spanked. Abby, I promise not to renege on our deal, but until the insurance money comes through, I’m stymied. Let’s just spend some time getting to know each other. Besides, you still need to prove you can shoot straight. First, though, I need a few minutes to get my head straight.”
Sean came back a few moments later. “There’s nothing for you to do until tomorrow. According to the fire chief, there’s nothing left now that they’ve made the place safe. It makes me mad as hell that someone did this to you.”
Jared pulled away from Abigail and moved toward the door. “Look after my wife for half an hour. I just need some alone time to clear my head. And by look after her, I don’t mean bellow at her or bully her.”
ABIGAIL WAITED UNTIL her husband left. “Sean, I need to place a Skype call to Adam. Can I use your computer? I just hope he’s about this early.”
They moved into Sean’s office, and by some miracle they reached Adam on their first try. Abigail grinned at her brother. “I’m a married woman now, and you’ll be pleased to know my husband’s a former Marine.”
Adam stared at the screen. “You married without me? I didn’t get to give him the you’d-better-look-after-my-baby-sister speech.”
Abigail bristled. She’d been looking after herself and her mother for years. Only Jared had ever taken the time to see her clearly. “The thing is, some asshole burned his workshops down. Jared’s a carpenter, but right now he’s stuck with no premises and no tools. The letter said you had temporary custody of Montgomery Hall until we’re all married or the one-year time limit expired. Can Jared use the old stable or workshops until he gets back on his feet? Please, Adam. It’d be the best wedding gift.”
Her brother glanced over his shoulder as someone called his name. “Go for it, but they haven’t been touched for decades. Sorry, sis, a medical emergency. I’ve got to go.”
She flicked off the computer and smiled at the sheriff. “Everything’s sorted, then. Sean, you heard Adam give permission if anyone queries us being there. We’ll grab some lunch, then head up to the hall. There’s a workshop to sort and hopefully some old tools Jared can put to good use. Otherwise we’re stuck until he buys new ones. Don’t tell him about it when he comes back. He needs something good to concentrate on, and I plan to surprise him.”
Sean sat on the edge of his seat and frowned. “Is he right, Abigail? Do I really bully you? It’s just, well, you feel like my little sister, and I want the best for you.”
She knew she’d turned red by the way her cheeks heated. “Sometimes, but then most people forget I’ve got my own thoughts and feelings. Like everybody else, you mean well.”
Color drained from Sean’s cheeks, and he clenched his fists. “But I obviously hurt you when I should have been there for you, no questions asked. I’ll do better in the future.”
Jared’s return stopped their conversation. He stood behind his wife and rubbed her shoulders. “You okay, Abby? I didn’t mean to run out on you, but sometimes the best thing I can do is go for a walk. It’s a reaction to spending hours in one position when I was on a mission. Now, I believe I challenged you to a shooting match?”
Sean laughed. “I’m not betting either way. Abigail used to beat all comers until she stopped competing. I never did understand why.”
Jared raised one eyebrow. “Or you never took the time to find out. I’m guessing you and her brother were on the football team and spent more time chasing cheerleaders than worrying about Abby.”
The way the sheriff looked away confirmed that Jared had nailed it.
Giving the lawman a disgusted look, he ushered his wife outside. “I called in at the hotel and asked Mandy to pack up a picnic. Once we’ve finished at your gun club, we’ll collect it along with some warm clothes. Maybe I can pick up a new rifle too.”
His attempt to sound casual didn’t fool her. He wanted a gun so he could defend her if those thugs came after them again. His protectiveness stunned her. No one had taken her side since her father died. The way Jared had stopped Sean Mathews from lecturing her had sparked a warmth inside her that she hadn’t felt since Master Jay picked her to scene with. Their marriage might be a temporary arrangement, but she liked it. Maybe a little too much.
After kicking her ass on the shooting range, Jared had picked up a secondhand bolt-action rifle, took it apart in seconds, then put it back together before testing it on the range. He hit every target the first time. Satisfied, he carried his weapon like Wyatt Earp as they went to collect their picnic.
When Jared would have headed toward the beach, Abby laid her hand on his arm. “Let’s take my car and have lunch on the grounds of Montgomery Hall.”
Pleased she wanted to show him her family’s home, he happily agreed.
The gardener had mowed the lawns and raked up the fall leaves. Jared kept his rifle beside him as they unpacked their picnic basket on the cliff top. Mandy had done them proud, but after several long moments spent feasting, they both declared they couldn’t eat another thing. When Abigail suggested they explore the grounds, the look in Jared’s eyes suggested he’d had other ideas, but he picked up his rifle and followed her to the rear of the boarded-up hall. A manicured grass stretched for almost a hundred yard before it turned into a meadow. Beyond the faded wild flowers and long grass, a cluster of neglected outbuildings beckoned.
Except for the one day a year when her great-aunt held her charity garden party, Abigail had never been invited to the hall as a child. Her wicked great-great-grandmother—the one relative Abigail might have liked—had changed the hall’s name from Westhorpe to Montgomery to match hers. Although her only child had been a girl, she’d dreamed of having a son. That longing had trickled down to Abigail’s great-aunt, and she’d ensured the hall would pass to Adam—the first male born in the Montgomery family for five generations.
Taking Jared’s hand, she walked the wide footpath alongside the lawn. “The stables and blacksmith shop lay beyond the meadow. I never visited here much as a kid, but that gave me free rein to fantasize about this place. I decided my great-aunt was a witch, and it wouldn’t have surprised me if her face turned as green as the Wicked Witch in The Wizard of Oz.”
Jared seemed content to follow her lead. “Tell me more about these fantasies. Did any of them involve making love to your husband in your great-aunt’s lair?”
Blushing, Abigail looked away. “I certainly thought about my Prince Charming. I’m a sucker for fairy tales and a happy ending.”
Jared threw back his head and laughed. “Charming? From Snow White? Isn’t he the guy who kisses corpses?”
Abigail grinned back, glad to relax after everything that had happened on her wedding night. “No, Charming’s the one with a foot fetish. You know, whoever’s foot fits this shoe and stuff.”
As they approached the outbuildings, Abigail picked up the pace. “There are stables and a couple of workshops, but they haven’t been touched for years.”
The locked door would have stopped her, but Jared put his shoulder against it and pushed. The door toppled inward as the rusty hinges gave way. Pushing through dust-encrusted spider webs, they found a blacksmith’s forge, complete with anvil, hammers, and tongs.
The next door led to the dirtiest office she’d ever seen. The farther they wandered into the building, the more Abigail’s heart sank. Getting this place shipshape would take forever.
Across the office, another door led to the estate’s former workshops. Cobwebs festooned the walls. Every surface held at least an inch of dust. A workbench ran along the center of the room, allowing access from all sides, but decades of grime covered its surface. Abandoned tools rusted on a rack on the wall.
Abigail stood back. “I didn’t expect it to be so bad. It’ll take weeks to clean this place, but will it do as a temporary base for your business? Adam said you could use it for as long as he owns the hall. Unless we trace my second cousin, we have about ten months.”
Jared flicked an old-fashioned light switch. Nothing happened. “It looks like the place is off the grid, but I could rent a generator. There must have been one once. Any idea why the buildings were abandoned? There’s a fortune in antique tools here.”
Abigail clenched her fists to help control her temper. “Because my great-aunt was a bitch. Mom said she didn’t want people disturbing her when she inherited, so she never replaced the stable hands and estate handymen when they left. Eventually, she claimed she didn’t need anyone except a gardener to keep the place running. It didn’t matter that local people needed jobs. Goodness knows why they left their tools, unless they arrived here one morning and she’d locked them out. I wouldn’t put it past her.”
Jared walked the circumference of the room, clearly considering how well they suited his needs. “Abigail, you’re a lifesaver. Here.” He thrust the rifle into her hand. “Stay here and shoot anyone who doesn’t knock and shout five before they come in. Don’t worry about putting a bullet in someone who doesn’t deserve it. If they’re here, they want to hurt you.”
She took the gun and moved to the rear of the room, giving herself a clear view of the doors at either end. “Where are you going? And why five?”
His grin shone with mischief. “I’m going to fetch the picnic rug, and five’s the password because that’s the number of times I spanked you last night.”
She felt her cheeks heat and her pussy tingle. Last night had been so much more than she’d expected. Jared slipped out the door, leaving her hot and flustered. She remembered the way he’d bared her bottom and slapped her ass. Her pussy dampened at the thought. Her temporary husband’s dominant streak thrilled her.
Glancing at her watch, she decided that if he didn’t return within ten minutes, she’d go looking for him. He returned in eight, barely having broken a sweat as he collected their picnic things. He knocked once, shouted, “Five,” and when he burst back into the room, he spread the picnic blanket over the central workbench. “Take off your clothes.”
She handed him back his rifle and stripped off in an instant. He leaned the rifle against the end of the workbench, pulled the belt from his trousers, and unfastened his fly. “Give me your wrists.”
She held them toward him, and he looped the belt around them, pulling it tight. Moving in close, he grasped her hips and lifted her onto the table. The December air chilled her, making her nipples stiffen into ruby points. When he pushed gently at her shoulders, she settled back against the workbench.
Lifting her arms overhead, he fastened his belt buckle around a hook set in the end of the table, then moved to stand between her legs. Gently, he tugged her along the table, maneuvering her until her arms were stretched full length over her head. She liked being naked and helpless while he still hadn’t undressed.
Spreading her legs wider, he lowered his head and ran his tongue over her clit. He lapped at her pussy like a man who’d found an oasis in the desert. Every sweep of his tongue made her tingle deep inside. She lifted her hips, offering him her body like a virgin sacrifice. When he blew across her clit, she almost levitated off the table.
Abigail writhed at his touch. Being bound, naked, and helpless felt wicked since he still had his clothes on. She liked the thrill of married sex. “Please, Jared, fuck me now.”
He took another long lick of her pussy. “A husband’s duty is to satisfy his wife. Turn over.”
She twisted onto her belly, her movement constricted by the way his belt tethered her to the table. He landed a playful swipe on her butt and shoved her thighs so far apart her knees hung over the edge of the workbench and her pussy splayed open. “Do you want me inside you?”
Hips circling, Abigail begged, “Yes, Master, please.”
He inhaled sharply when she called him Master, but this was a time for action, not conversation. Brushing the head of his cock against her vagina, he teased her until she whimpered. Her control shattered, and she felt herself drift toward subspace when he thrust fast and hard inside her. Mewling with pleasure, she closed her eyes and welcomed the way her brain disconnected from her body as something momentous built inside her. Heat roared through her blood. Her body burned. Orgasm rolled through her like a wave of molten gold, carrying her into subspace and making her body tremble. She came long and hard.
Jared kept pumping, squeezing her nipples with one hand and pinching her clit with the other. She’d never known marital sex could be so glorious or satisfying. Another thrust of Jared’s hips, and he came inside her.
They lay, still connected, until they drifted back to earth, his fully clothed body wrapped around her bare flesh as he balanced his weight on his knees and elbows. Still lying on her belly beneath him, arms bound overhead, she gave a contented sigh.
Jared reached around her and tweaked one of her nipples. “Your response amazes me. I can’t believe how lucky I am to have found you.”
They both froze as the wind carried the distant purr of car engines toward them. Jared leaped to his feet and released her. “Get dressed. Quickly. Someone’s coming.”
He tucked his cock back in his trousers, grabbed his rifle, and shoved Abigail onto the floor behind the table.
Chapter Nine
Crouched behind the solid central bench in the abandoned workshop, Abigail wished she’d bought a gun too. She trusted Jared to protect her, but it sounded like a whole cavalcade of cars was pulling up outside.
Jared leaned closer and squeezed her hand. “Be ready. My best plan’s to shoot our way out of here and hijack one of their cars.”
Muscles coiled tight, she prepared to make a mad dash to safety at her husband’s command.
William Holland’s voice rang out. “Abigail, you in there?”
Sheriff Mathews called, “I figured you might need a hand getting things straightened out, so me and William rustled up a work party. Armstrong, don’t go getting antsy and squeezing any triggers.”
When Abigail would have run to let them in, Jared grabbed her shoulders and held her in place. “Sheriff Mathews, you step through the door slowly, and you do it alone. I’ll blast anyone who comes in behind you.”
The door inched open, and Sean Mathews stepped into the room. “Easy. I know you’re worried about Abigail, but we’re here to help.”
From outside, William called, “You okay, Abigail? I knew I should have set Lassie on that husband of yours.”
She glanced at Jared, but when he nodded, she laughed. “And what’s Lassie going to do? Lick him to death? Besides, Jared’s looking out for me after someone tried to shoot me last night.”
The sheriff moved away from the door, his hands raised. “Are we done with the security checks now? It’s kind of embarrassing, standing here like this.” He lowered his voice to little more than a whisper, “Especially since this place reeks of sex. You need to open a window before the others come in.”
Dropping her head and letting her frizz of dark hair hide her warm cheeks, Abigail looked at her husband for confirmation. “Is it okay? Can I move now?”
When Jared smiled his assent, she ran toward the sheriff. He caught her in his arms and swung her around like a child. “Easy, Abigail. I don’t want your husband getting jealous.”
Jared checked the rifle and leaned it against the back wall. “Don’t mind me. I’ll see to the window.”
As he reached for the catch, Abigail moved behind him and slid her arms around his waist. “Sean’s my surrogate big brother—at least he is when he’s not shouting at me. No, actually, Adam shouts too, usually right before he criticizes my clothes. You, on the other hand… Well, let’s just say I’m liking our marriage more as every hour passes.”
She kept her arms around his waist as he turned to face her. He bent and rested his forehead against hers. “Me too, but I refuse to stand by and let any of your friends bully you.”
His caring tone almost made her tear up. Sometimes she felt as though she pleased everyone but herself, so her heart skipped a beat when Jared placed himself firmly in her corner. What with the spanking, the brief bondage game, and the wonderful sex, she couldn’t have found a better husband. Add in his kindness, and she could lose her heart to this man. Only, since he planned to move on in two years, falling in love with him would be the biggest mistake of her life.
A small army of townsfolk soon pitched in, bagging rubbish, washing windows, and cleaning work surfaces. Abigail hummed as she mopped the floor, happy with her relationship and delighted by the way her friends supported her husband when things had gone south.
Across the room, Jared sorted tools and sharpened blades.
William groaned as he finished bagging rubbish. “I’m just about done. Armstrong, there’s an old generator in my garage, but I haven’t used it in years. It’s yours if you want it.”
Abigail watched her capable husband choke up. He crossed the room in an instant and shook the old man’s hand. “I don’t know how to thank you. Hell, I don’t know what to say to any of you. I never expected anything like this.”
The older man met Jared’s gaze and smiled. “Abigail’s always there when people need her. It’s time we returned the favor. Anyhow, my wife said something about a barbecue tonight, and everyone’s invited. She’ll have spent the afternoon making her famous Waldorf salad and, if we’re lucky, some apple pies.”
Men who barely knew Jared lined up to shake his hand as they left. He and Sean Mathews stayed to finish fixing the door, but the moment they had it back on its hinges, Jared’s phone beeped. He answered quickly, paling as he read the text before handing it over to the sheriff. Seeing their serious faces, Abigail hurried over. Her knees turned weak when she read the message. You owe us money. Last night’s a taster. Pay us your insurance money plus an extra quarter of a million dollars from your wife. Stay away from the sheriff, or we’ll kill her.
Jared clutched her against his chest. “Don’t pass out on me, sweetheart.”
Sean searched for the source of the text, but the screen showed: Caller ID withheld.
Jared stared across at him. “It’s probably from a disposable. I’m glad you were here when this came though. Abby, can I borrow your car tomorrow while you teach school? I need to drive into Polka Springs City to deal with what’s left of my workshops, and while I’m there, I’ll pick up some disposable phones of our own. We’ll use them as our private communication network. My best guess is we have a couple of weeks’ respite until the insurance money comes through. After that, they’ll want their cash. All we can do is wait. Sheriff Mathews, I expect you to help protect my Abby.”
The way he called her his thrilled her, but this suddenly seemed too real. A woman she didn’t know—Jared’s cousin—owed mobsters money, thereby putting Abigail’s life on the line. This couldn’t be happening, not to her. Abigail had spent her life being overlooked and put down by her family, doing her best to fade into the background.
Today, the town had rallied around her, supporting her new husband and helping to get his business restarted. She’d enjoyed the best sex of her life too, but she didn’t know how to cope with death threats. Maybe she could do like she always did when things got tough—ignore it and pretend everything would turn out okay, but her coping mechanism hadn’t served her well in the past.
* * * *
The next two days passed quickly, with Abigail helping her class put the finishing touches on their solstice display. The graphs showing how dawn arrived earlier every day were brilliant.
Abigail surprised Jared with a new-to-him secondhand truck while he sorted out his insurance claims and spent every spare hour in the workshops. William Holland declared himself Jared’s de facto apprentice, helped with the admin, and proved a dab hand at polishing wood. When Jared tried to pay him, William took it as an insult. “How else is an old man going to feel useful?”
Abigail usually arrived after school finished, set up her laptop in the office, and planned lessons in between brewing coffee. Sometimes she took on small tasks to help Jared, but William took offense if she did too much. Afterward, she’d share her evening meal with her husband and talk.
She knew Jared’s favorite color—black—and he preferred cherry pie over sponge cake. She liked that Moby Dick was his favorite book, closely followed by adventure stories and Terry Pratchett’s DiscWorld novels. She shared her love of history and American poets, and on one trip to Polka Springs he brought her back a new copy of Robert Frost’s poems since hers was getting dog-eared. Each day she slipped further in love with her husband, even though she knew they only shared a temporary marriage.
By the time Mandy left for the city, Ben had settled so well he sulked and said she forced him to leave his new friends. It helped when she promised he could pick his own costume for the planned solstice party. Thanks to Abigail inviting him to school, he looked forward to moving to Westhorpe Ridge now.
Christmas crept ever closer. Jared never mentioned it, so neither did Abigail. It wasn’t like she needed to celebrate at home as well as at school. Who am I kidding? I want carols, mince pies, and the smell of a cooking turkey drifting through the house. That said, these few weeks with Jared had been the best time of her life.
Only the deputies driving past the school every hour or so stopped Abigail being totally content. They made her remember the things she tried to ignore. On the night of the solstice, she stayed late, tidying the classroom and checking her supplies for the next term. She loved the way the children chattered about the presents they hoped Santa would bring and the decorations they’d made.
She never put up a tree at home. Great-Aunt Edith had decreed it a pagan tradition, and after Abigail’s father died, her mother had let her aunt have her way. It had taken Abigail years to understand that since her aunt doled out the money, her mother had crumbled rather than find a job.
Thankfully, a year after Abigail started teaching in Westhorpe Ridge Elementary School, her mother had remarried and moved to her husband’s hometown of Austin, Texas. It saddened Abigail that she’d never received an invitation to her mother’s new home.
As she slipped on her coat, two men wearing black balaclavas burst through the door. She screamed, but everyone had left. No one heard. One man slapped her across her cheek. Her head shot back, and pain made her vision blur.
The man by the door glared at her through cold killer’s eyes. “Make another sound, and he’ll really hurt you.”
The one who’d hit her—the minion—shoved a gag in her mouth, pulled a hood over her head, and tied her hands behind her. Paralyzed by fear, she let him. As every second ticked off on the classroom clock, she prayed the police would drive by. Maybe the deputies thought she’d left for the night, but surely they’d see her car in the parking lot.
Abigail’s head hurt, her heart raced, and her stomach churned. She’d never been so scared in her life. When this happened for real, it wasn’t fun—nothing like evenings spent at the BDSM club.
One of them threw her over his shoulder and carried her out into the cool midwinter air. Abigail shuddered, more from fear than the cold. They locked her in the car trunk and drove off. Cramped, cold, and hurting, she worked at the rope around her wrists, trying to get her hands free. These men had to work for the mobsters who wanted her money, and they’d already tried to kill her once.
* * * *
Jared checked his watch again. Abigail should have been here by now. Pulling the unregistered phone from his jeans pocket, he dialed the sheriff’s number. When Sean answered, Jared growled, “Abigail’s late.”
“Fuck it,” Sean swore. “I’ll call you back when I’ve spoken with my deputies.”
Jared paced the workshop like a caged tiger. If anything happened to his Abby, he’d never forgive himself. She’d brought sunshine and laughter into his world. Losing her now would turn everything gray. His regular phone beeped as he received a text.
Want your wife? Bring the money to Red Heart Canyon at dawn.
Jared’s disposable phone rang. He raged inside, but Sean sounded unworried. “Her car’s still in the school parking lot. My guys say the light’s still on and she must be working late.”
“They’re wrong,” Jared snapped. “The mob has her, and I’m to take the cash to Red Heart Canyon tomorrow at dawn. Bloody amateurs, giving away the drop so early, but they’ve still got my wife, despite your fucking deputies’ surveillance.”
The silence at the other end of the phone showed the sheriff’s fury. Finally, he said, “Consider yourself deputized. You’ve got more experience in a hostage situation than me. Is William still there? Good. Travel into town in his truck, but stay out of sight. I’ll meet you in his back room with a map.”
Jared grabbed his rifle and some ammunition along with Abigail’s laptop. Unlocking a drawer, he pulled out an assortment of knives he used when carving wood. Right at the back, buried beneath other tools, lay the knife he’d used in the Marines. He kept it sharp and half-hidden but reachable if he needed it. Once he’d hung the sheath from his belt, he jumped in the back of William’s truck and let the older man drive into town. The three-mile drive into town seemed endless.
Jared spent the journey checking out Red Heart Canyon on Google maps. The bright light of the computer screen seemed dazzling in the darkness but he kept searching out possible places where the mob might be holding Abigail. Jared might have married her for money, but if he lost her now, life wouldn’t be worth living.
Chapter Ten
Hooded and bound, Abigail sobbed in the trunk of the car. When the engine roared to life, she tried to gauge the route by the number of left and right turns but failed miserably. The longer she lay there, the more her fears consumed her. Her stomach churned, but if she threw up, she’d choke. Her mouth dried. She’d sell her soul for a sip of water. The nylon rope around her wrists dug into her flesh. She felt stupid and weak for letting them take her so easily.
The way the vehicle bumped and bounced meant they’d gone off road. She prayed a stray rock would damage the car’s underbelly and bring them to a halt, but they kept going. Every bump threw her around like a leaf in a storm. Assuming she survived the next couple of days, her body would be a mass of bruises.
The engine stopped, and she heard a car door slam. She needed out of the trunk, but no one came for her. What if they abandon the car and leave me? I don’t want to die trussed up in a car trunk. A fresh wave of fear washed through her, along with a spike of adrenaline. Her body trembled, but time slowed and her thoughts cleared. She needed to take things one step at a time.
Step one—get her arms free. She wriggled around, hoping the rough ride had dislodged something she could use to cut the rope. Bingo. Her fingers touched a metal box. Maybe it held tools or a knife. She almost wept when she couldn’t open it. The hinge stuck out from the box, so she twisted some more, running the rope against the hinge. Periodically, she stopped and tensed her wrists in an attempt to pull the nylon strands apart.
She’d no idea how long she worked at her bonds. It seemed like hours until the rope finally gave way. Relieved tears filled her eyes. Rather than rub her wrists, she tugged off the hood and pulled the gag from her mouth. She’d never been so thirsty. She’d give anything for a cold beer right now.
Step two—find the release mechanism the law said every car should have in the trunk. She felt claustrophobic, so scared she could barely move, but she forced herself to concentrate. There, in the corner, a glow-in-the-dark lever beckoned. Wriggling like a maggot in a fisherman’s box, she kicked it for all she was worth, and the trunk lid popped open.
The air smelled wonderful, if slightly musty, but silence and utter darkness surrounded her. She listened a while, decided her captors had left, and slipped out the trunk. No lights shone through the darkness. Using her hands rather than her eyes, she found a lug wrench and flashlight alongside the spare tire beneath the space she’d just escaped. She grabbed both, quietly shut the trunk, and headed into the darkness.
No stars shone overhead, and no breeze stirred the air. Her best guess was that they’d brought her to a huge cave. Hugging the left-hand wall, she peered at her surroundings. Gradually, details emerged from the darkness. She could make out chisel marks on the rock and shallow ledges on the walls. Wooden beams ran overhead, holding up the roof. They’d taken her to the abandoned gold mine in Red Heart Canyon.
Since no current of fresh air guided her toward the entrance, she followed the wall until the shaft forked. Ahead, a fire burned, filling the tunnel with smoke. She watched it drift down the far shaft and away from her. The way out had to be through the far tunnel, but since a face-to-face meeting with her kidnappers didn’t feature in her plans, she retraced her route.
She needed a lair where she could hide and catch her breath. Once back at the car, she shivered against the cave wall. Trudging around in the dark could leave her hopelessly lost. After listening for her captors and hearing nothing, she turned on her flashlight. The light dazzled her, but as her eyes adjusted, she spotted a ledge high on the right. If she climbed up there, no one would see her, she hoped.
She did a quick search inside the car. The chocolate bar and the bottle of water in the glove compartment seemed like manna. Taking off her sweater she tied her food, the flashlight, and the lug wrench into it before she fastened her sleeves around her waist. The parcel banged against her bum as she climbed the wall.
Arms stretched overhead, she scrabbled for toeholds. The ledge hadn’t looked so far from the mine floor. Finally, she gripped its edge and swung her legs onto the solid shelf. Inching toward the back wall, she realized the rock ledge sloped away steeply. No one would spot her from the mine floor. If she settled in the lowest part, the front would hide her completely.
Getting back into her sweater wasn’t easy, but once its woolen bulk swaddled her, she took a sip of water and sucked a tiny piece of chocolate. Exhausted, she tried to relax, but her fears kept her on edge. She prayed Jared would miss her soon. She trusted him to find her, even if he didn’t know the land around Westhorpe Ridge.
Four pairs of footsteps and guffaws of drunken laughter echoed toward her, coming closer. The men ran their flashlights over the walls as they approached. Abigail lay motionless, hardly daring to breathe, afraid to peer over the edge in case they spotted her.
“You first.” The minion laughed.
Below, someone fired his gun, and she heard a bullet tear metal. My God, they’re shooting at the car—and they still think I’m locked in it. Each one emptied their gun into the trunk before she heard them stagger back up the corridor laughing.
“She won’t give us any trouble now.”
“Yeah, dead bitches can’t say nothing. When the boss gets here tomorrow, we take the money and run.”
Abigail’s blood froze. If she’d hadn’t escaped from the trunk, she’d be dead—no doubt about it. As they left her in the dark, she trembled uncontrollably. No way would she try to slip past her captors now. She let the darkness surround her and dreamed of another night in Jared’s arms.
Gradually, as she lay in the dark, she imagined the spirits of the massacred Native American women surrounding her. Their presence brought unexpected peace. She didn’t care if this feeling was a hallucination, since she needed all the help she could get to survive this endless night. Again, she prayed for Jared to find her.
* * * *
Sheriff Sean Mathews waited in William’s back room. “How do you want to do this?”
Jared glared at him. “We keep your deputies out of it. If the mob spots us, they’ll kill her, so it’s best if you and I go in alone. If Google maps have it right, Abigail’s kidnappers have to be hiding out in the abandoned gold mine.”
Sean stared at the computer screen. “Agreed. I’ve left the station’s ATV out the back. I’ll drive; you ride shotgun.”
Fifteen minutes later, the sheriff pulled up between two boulders about a mile from the entrance of Red Heart Canyon. “We’ll jog from here.”
He spoke to himself. Jared had already hit the trail running.
The nearer the canyon, the slower the progress they made. Moving from cover to cover through the darkness, they were all too aware the kidnappers might have posted sentries or set up an ambush. Fresh car tracks showed there’d been recent traffic through the site. Ahead the mine entrance jutted out from the barren cliff like a prop in old John Wayne movie.
Jared slung his rifle over his back and dropped to his belly. “Seen anything yet?”
Sean shook his head. “They’re either stupid, or the mine’s wired to blow once we get inside. I don’t see why they’d want you dead though.”
The dusty ground, the adrenaline rush of danger, and the stillness of the night took Jared back to his time in the Middle East. “Abby would pay them every penny she owned to know my location if they entombed us in there. We have to assume it’s booby trapped. Keep your eyes open and follow my trail exactly.”
He wriggled between rocks like a rattlesnake, his senses on high alert, his only thought to free Abby. There were no tripwires or cameras, just a set of car tracks leading into the mine. Jared pointed toward them. “Looks like they’re still in there. Either they’re rank amateurs, or this is too easy.”
He moved forward again, only pausing to study the worn timber entrance. When he found no hidden IEDs or booby traps, he moved into the shadows, unslung his rifle from his back, and rose to his feet. Behind him, Sean pulled a semiautomatic pistol.
Jared flowed through the shadows like the Grim Reaper. No one hurt his Abby and lived. She’ll be scared and possibly hurt, but please God, not dead. He’d beat the bejesus out of anyone who’d so much as bruised her beautiful body.
A hundred yards inside the entrance, a fire burned in a tunnel. Four men—living corpses if they’d hurt Abby—sat around it, drinking beer. One rose to his feet. “I gotta take a piss.”
He moved into a side corridor. Jared sidled around the cave, merging with shadows and slinking after the guy with the full bladder. As the kidnapper opened his fly, Jared held a knife to his throat. “Make a sound and you’re dead. Now, very quietly, tell me where my wife is.”
The man trembled and gulped. “She’s still in the car trunk.”
Furious these men had left his Abby alone in a cramped dark space, Jared slammed the carved wooden hilt of his knife down on the kidnapper’s skull. Jared caught him before he fell, lowering him silently to the ground. Stunned but conscious, the man never moved as Jared used the kidnapper’s belt to hogtie him before he cut strips from the kidnapper’s shirt for a makeshift gag. He brandished his knife in his prisoner’s face. “If my wife’s suffered so much as a bruise, I’ll come back and castrate you.”
The kidnapper paled behind his gag, his eyes wide and frantic.
Jared was past caring. Moving back to Sean’s side, he passed on his information. The two of them eased thought the cave, silent and deadly. The kidnappers sat around a fire, drinking whiskey straight from the bottle.
Jared tapped Sean’s shoulder and pointed. “Make your way to the right. When you’re ready, throw a rock into the tunnel where their friend went to take a piss. Take out the one nearest you. Leave the other two to me.”
The darkness engulfed Sean, and a moment later, a stone rattled in the tunnel where the first guy had gone to relieve his bladder. The kidnapper with the red hair swayed upright. “Dumb bastard can’t even take a leak without falling over. Mike, you okay back there?”
The kidnappers stared into the darkness, watching Red stagger toward the tunnel. Sean took advantage of their distraction to creep forward and move the almost empty whiskey bottle back a couple of feet. He retreated into the darkness and waited.
One kidnapper kept his gaze on the tunnel, staring after Red. The other ignored everything and reached for his whiskey bottle. It was farther away than he expected, so he shuffled backward on his bottom.
Sean moved like a cat as he approached the whiskey drinker from behind, put his hand around the thug’s mouth, and dragged him into the darkness. The kidnapper seemed too surprised or too drunk to fight.
Jared leaped the fire, emerging from the flames like a demon on the rampage. The mobster still watching the tunnel screamed as Jared’s fist floored him. The guy in the tunnel entrance went for his gun. Jared tossed his knife. It sank into the gunman’s shoulder, making him shriek and drop his weapon. Sean’s knife hit him a heartbeat later, piercing the shooter’s upper arm. The gunman screamed like a banshee and raised his arms as far as his knife wounds allowed.
Sean and Jared took a moment to bind their prisoners before they grabbed their flashlights, and sped through the old mine shafts. Their only thought was to find the car and free Abby. Jared found it first. The bullet holes peppering the trunk made his heart almost leap from his chest. The bastards had shot her while she lay alone and helpless. No one could survive the dozens of bullets they’d fired into the trunk. No matter what the consequences for himself, Jared vowed her killers wouldn’t make it out of the mine alive. A roar of pure pain and frustration left his throat, and he raced back through the tunnel toward the captives.
Their deaths wouldn’t be quick or clean, but they’d beg for oblivion before he finally slit their throats. Without the woman he loved, life meant nothing. Worse, he hadn’t known he loved her until it was too late. Now the words were forever branded on his heart.
Behind him, he heard Sean open the car’s trunk, but Jared couldn’t bring himself to look at Abby’s lifeless body. He’d failed her when the mob kidnapped her, and he’d failed her again when they killed her. A moment later, Sean cheered like a cowboy winning first prize at a rodeo. “Jared, get your ass back here. Unless your pisser lied, our girl got out of the trunk on her own. That means she’s wandering around in these tunnels, but she could be anywhere.”
Relief almost took Jared to his knees, but they still needed to find Abigail. He returned slowly, his heart beating overtime. “Thank God. So do we need a search party? Or can we search on our own? I hate the thought of her alone in the dark.”
Chapter Eleven
Abigail shivered in the darkness as she huddled against the back wall of the rock ledge. Scared and cold, she tried to relax and felt the spirits of the massacred Native American women comfort her. She heard a scuffle below but didn’t move until she heard Jared’s voice. The menace in his tone when he spoke of her kidnappers should have scared her. Instead, it made her feel loved and protected.
Forcing herself to be brave, she peered over the edge at the car. “Jared, I’m up here. I’m so cold I don’t think I can climb down.”
He stared through the darkness, trying to spot her location. Desperate to have him hold her, she flicked on her flashlight.
From below, he called, “I see you now, sweetheart. Don’t move until I’ve got you.”
He scaled the tunnel wall like a lizard, squeezing onto the ledge and lying alongside her. “Are you hurt? Do you need the medics before we move you?”
She sobbed and buried her face against his chest. “I’m cold, hungry, and shell-shocked. They meant to kill me, and they tried to do it in the worst way I could imagine. Please, Jared, take me home.”
Shrugging off his jacket in the confined space wasn’t easy, but he managed it by almost dislocating his arm. Gently, he wrapped it around her shoulders and helped get her arms into the sleeves. Finally, he fastened the zipper. Too big and too long, it swamped her, but the extra layer would help warm her. He held her for a moment, then exhaled on a sigh. “Let’s get you out of here. If I roll onto my belly, can you climb onto for my back for a piggyback? Or shall I lower you down to Sean?”
She stiffened against him. “Don’t drop me over the edge.”
He planted a gentle kiss on her forehead. “Piggyback it is. Climb on board.”
She rolled atop him and looped her arms around his neck. “I’m ready.”
He climbed to solid ground with the same ease he’d ascended. Once they reached the tunnel floor, she slid down his back and swayed as though her legs wouldn’t support her. He caught her in his arms and gathered her against his chest, all the while trying not to give her another glimpse of the bullet holes riddling the car trunk.
Sean followed them out of the mine. “Abigail, sorry doesn’t hack it. Those men shouldn’t have been able to take you, but you scared us half to death, you know. We thought you were locked in the car trunk.”
She wept against Jared’s chest. “I was, but I knew I had to do something. They’d have murdered me if I hadn’t escaped and hidden on the ledge.”
Jared paused in the mine entrance, letting her enjoy the fresh morning air. The sunrise peeped over the edge of the canyon. Jared stared toward the quad bike. “Stay here, Sean. I’ll send help after I get Abby home.”
Sean walked alongside them. “I knew I’d draw the short straw, but go tend your wife. I’m going back to find out if those jokers were working alone, but I’ll come with you to the quad bike. Once we’re out of the canyon, I’ll have a phone signal, so I’ll get my deputies out here.”
Jared’s smile turned cold. “Let me know if you need any help. I’d enjoy beating some answers of them.”
Abigail clung to Jared like a limpet. “I heard them say they were expecting their boss.”
As if on cue, a helicopter crested the crayon, hovered, then landed close by the mine. Jared pulled Abigail behind a head-high boulder, pushed her gently to the ground, put a finger to her lips, and rolled her beneath him.
Sean dropped beside her. “Stay down. I’ve no idea what’s going on or who the pilot is. If we were closer, I’d do my damndest to keep him out the mine. There’s not much I can do about it from here. I’m going to try to move closer. Armstrong, stay here with Abigail.”
Sean dodged between rocks, always seeking cover.
Before he’d moved far, the pilot jumped out the helicopter. “Where the fuck are you? Get your asses out here now.”
When no one appeared, the pilot slipped into the mine. Four gunshots rang out, then the pilot sprinted back to his chopper and took off. Once airborne, the pilot spotted them. He peppered the ground with wild shots, making little clouds of dust rise from the ground when he missed.
Abigail’s rescuers dropped to the ground, Jared shielding her with his body. Gathering Abigail in his arms, he scuttled to safer ground. Letting her go was hard, but once he settled her beneath a rocky overhang, he pulled his rifle from his back and aimed at the helicopter. He barely breathed, barely blinked as he lined up his shot. Staring down the barrel of his rifle, he aimed at the small blades on the helicopter’s tail.
One bullet, one shot, one ruptured tail on the helicopter. It spun wildly. The nose dipped, and it plummeted to the ground. The metal fuselage buckled as it crashed into rocks. Fuel seeped from the ruptured tank. The kerosene scent of aviation fuel filled the air. Sparks from the dying engine ignited it. A sheet of flame shot skyward, all orange heat and black smoke. Even from the distance, Jared could feel the new warmth in the morning air.
No one could survive such a violent crash.
“Great shot,” Sean approved as he walked back toward Jared and Abigail.
Jared shrugged. “It’s just practice. Abigail, we can’t leave Sean until we’ve checked for survivors both at the crash site and in the mine. Take my rifle and stay here.”
Sean shoved his spare gun in her hand. “She’s better with a semi.”
Shaking her head, Abigail rose to her feet. “No one’s leaving me anywhere. Not after I spent the night alone in the mine.”
The men accepted her decision, and the three of them inspected the burned-out helicopter. The pilot hadn’t made it out of the wreck before the flames consumed it. The men they’d left in mine all had bullets through their brains, but Jared held Abby close, refusing to let her see the blood and gore splattering the cave floor.
By the time they made it back to town, Abigail drooped against Jared’s back as she clung to his waist. He took her directly home and carried her inside. He washed quickly and cooked Abigail more breakfast than she could eat. Afterward, he ran her a warm bath, bathed her sore body, and slipped her into bed. She didn’t sleep until Jared slid beside her and pulled her so close her back rested against his chest.
Later, when she finally woke, she phoned the school and explained her absence. The principal insisted she stay home until after the weekend. If she needed more time come Monday, he said she should rest until the new term.
Friday passed in a blur of police interviews and well-intentioned neighbors. There were enough casseroles in her freezer to feed her and Jared for a month. He’d spent most of the day fending off well-wishers or holding her hand as she answered endless questions. One reporter followed them home, but Jared slammed the door in his face.
Saturday morning, Abigail woke early, ready to help Mandy prepare for Ben’s costume party. Sean dropped by to say they’d identified her kidnappers’ dental records and they were known associates of the people Jared’s cousin had testified against. From what the city police told Sean, no members of the gang survived—apart from those Jared’s cousin’s testimony had put in jail.
Jared and Abigail didn’t have to worry about anyone coming after them again.
Mandy arrived before they finished breakfast. “Jared, go carve some wood or something. Abigail and I need some girl time.”
He raised an eyebrow at her dismissal but kissed his wife and moved toward the door. “I need to go into the city anyway. Mandy, please don’t leave Abby alone until I get back.”
As Jared grabbed the car keys and left, Mandy giggled. “God, the way he kissed you was so hot I need a summer dress, not my winter coat. So, the party’s all ready, and Gran’s happy to do the last-minute stuff. Since you helped Ben make some new friends, I owe you, so grab your coat. We’re off to the hairdresser’s.”
Abigail would have rather faced a stampede of cows than let anyone mess with her hair. She hacked bits off when it grew too long and scraped the rest into a ponytail. Her mother and great-aunt had drilled into her that she’d never be pretty, so why waste time and money on her hair? “I’m still on edge after the kidnapping. I’ll stay home and rest.”
“No way, Jose.” Mandy tossed Abigail her jacket. “I had to promise free dinners at the hotel to get our appointments and the receptionist insisted on cash up front, so get yourself in gear.”
Moving like a French aristocrat on her way to the guillotine, Abigail let Mandy drive her to the town’s newest hairdresser.
Monsieur Simon, a tanned mass of muscles without a trace of a French accent, led her to his chair. “Talk me through your hair-care routine. Tell me what products you use.”
Abigail couldn’t face herself in the mirror. “I don’t have a routine or any special products. I just wash my hair in the shower each morning, blast it with the hair dryer, and tie it back.”
The hairdresser lifted one thin strand between his fingers. “That explains this. Promise me you will only wash it twice a week in future. I can supply serums and products to tame your frizz, but tell me, are you wedded to long hair?”
Mortified, Abigail stared at her feet. “I don’t want a crew cut.”
Monsieur Simon winked. “Then put yourself in my hands.”
Since she didn’t have any other option, Abigail agreed.
An hour later, sporting an inverted bob of frizz-free curls, Abigail felt pretty for the first time in her life. Why didn’t Mom or Great-Aunt Edith tell me about great haircuts and styling products when I suffered through my teens? She’d been stupid for not finding out for herself, but nothing would spoil her delight in her new look. She wanted to rush home and show Jared, but he wouldn’t be back from the city yet.
As they drove back, Mandy chattered about the costume night at the hotel. “I’m going as Supergirl. Ben picked the outfit, and while it wouldn’t have been my first choice, I love it. What about you?”
“My usual ghost outfit,” Abigail admitted. “I just throw a sheet over my head and cut a couple of eyeholes.”
Mandy laughed until she realized Abigail meant it. “No way are you spoiling your new hairstyle. I’m going through your wardrobe until I find something better.”
She climbed the stairs to Abigail and Jared’s bedroom, tapped her foot until Abigail opened her wardrobe, and rummaged through the rack. Finally, she pulled out Abigail’s bright-blue Kitty Gail outfit. “This is perfect. Or should I say purr-fect. Jared will love to see you in this, assuming he hasn’t already.”
Abigail tried to snatch it from her friend’s hands. “I’m not wearing it. It’s too, too…everything. People will look at me.”
Laughing, Mandy moved out of reach. “What with the new hair and your sexy pussycat outfit, their eyes will bug out their heads. Wear it tonight, or I’ll tell the whole town you’re a scaredy cat. Get it?”
Scared. Abigail realized the one word summarized her perfectly. Scared to wear makeup. Scared to wear decent clothes, and scared to put herself first. Maybe she should take some time to work out she wanted. That’s easy. I want Jared to love me.
While she admitted she had a wonderful husband, she hadn’t intended to fall in love with him, but her heart hadn’t listened. Jared completed her, and she needed their marriage to be real. Only, he’d move on when their two years together came to an end.
Maybe, if she strutted about in her sexy outfit and flaunted her new hairstyle, he might find her attractive. For the first time ever, she thought she could be. “Okay. I’ll wear it. I’ll be there for the kid’s party at five and the adult’s-only dinner after, and I’ll come as a cat. Goodness, today’s flown. The party’s in two hours, and Jared’s not home yet.”
Mandy checked her watch. “He won’t be much longer, I hope. Let’s get you into your catsuit. That way, when he walks through the door, I can dash off and become Supergirl. Pity I can’t find a suitable phone booth to spin around in.”
* * * *
Jared had spent the day checking out eternity rings. When he finally chose one, the sheriff phoned and asked Jared to drop by the new bakery and design the kitchen and dining areas. He called in on his way home and took a few a few measurements. Jazz, the new baker, liked his ideas, and he promised to work out the details over the Christmas break.
Tonight, at the adult’s-only dinner, he’d ask Abby to be his wife for real. If she accepted, he’d slip his ring on her finger, carry her off to bed, and screw her senseless. The way she always let him take the lead in the bedroom thrilled him, but he tried not to push too hard at her boundaries. For all his bride hadn’t been a virgin, her innocence thrilled him. Usually he liked his subs experienced. The only exception had been Kitty Gail.
He pushed aside his memories of his naughty kitty cat and headed home. Tonight, he’d wear his black mask and carry a sword. Zorro rides again, he thought. He’d finally put evenings spent at Masked Night’s club and his other life as Master Jay behind him. Once he persuaded Abby to make their marriage real, he’d have everything he wanted.
Mandy watched him arrive, hurried out the house, giggled, and called, “See you later. Maybe.”
Worried something had upset Abby, he shot inside. A slender figure garbed in a familiar catsuit and mask stood in the kitchen. He glowered at Kitty Gail, the sub who’d filled his thoughts before this had started. Things had changed since he met Abigail. For one thing, he’d fallen in love with his wife. He didn’t care about anything but getting his former sub out of the house before she upset his wife. “Kitty Gail? What the hell are you doing here? There’s nothing between us, and I’ve got better things to do than deal with you.”
Chapter Twelve
Abigail felt sick. She’d wanted Jared to pull her into his arms and hold her against his chest. He’d been so attentive he’d saved her from her kidnappers. In an ideal world, he’d love her back. Instead, he snarled at her as if he hated her. Maybe he regretted their marriage now that he didn’t need her money.
No one ever wanted her for herself. Her great-aunt had hated her for being born female. Her brother had left her behind without a second glance when he went off to college. Her mother had turned cold after her father died. Even when her mother remarried, she never invited Abigail to her Texas home. Why should Jared Armstrong be any different? All she’d ever wanted was someone to love her.
She turned away rather than show him her tears.
Jared took a slow, menacing step toward her. “Where the hell’s my wife?”
What? He doesn’t know it’s me? Then how does he know about Kitty Gail? Unless… If he knew her secret name, he knew her from the club. Only, if Abigail became Kitty Gail, what would Jared have been? It had to link to his name. Oh, God, Master Jay. The Dom I lusted over but only scened with once.
Suddenly the way he’d spanked her and the way he restrained her wrists when they had sex made sense. Her husband was the Dom of her dreams. She tilted her head, trying to imagine him masked with long hair and neatly trimmed whiskers.
Making her voice huskier than usual, she asked, “Master Jay, aren’t you pleased to see me?”
He ran his hand over his hair. “No, I’m bloody not. What happened to complete anonymity? And how did you find me? More to the point, where’s my Abby? If you’ve upset her, I’ll get you blackballed from every BDSM club in North Carolina.”
She wriggled her hips, making her tail swing and trying not to laugh.
He looked ready to kill her. “Out, now. I don’t want to see you anywhere near Westhorpe Ridge again. And don’t try to contact my wife. I love her too much to have you distress her in any way.”
Abigail stilled. He glowered and took another step closer, as if ready to manhandle her out of the house. When she reached out to touch him, he jumped back so fast she could have been Typhoid Mary out to infect him. This time her voice came out in a high-pitched squeak. “You love me?”
He stared at her, long and hard. Recognition dawned. “Abigail Armstrong? You’re Kitty Gail? How? Damn. I watched you at the club for months. You were the best sub I ever had. I can’t believe I didn’t see it before. No one else ever responded like you. You’re wearing your sub outfit to tonight’s masquerade ball?” He pulled her into his arms. “I love it. Besides, I want to show my beautiful wife to the world.”
She pulled off her mask and shook out her hair. “I only realized the truth when you called me Kitty Gail.”
He gazed into her eyes. “Wicked girl, fooling me like that. I might have to punish you later.”
She liked the sound of that.
He walked a full circle around her, clearly enjoying the way her catsuit clung to her curves. “I love what you’ve done with your hair. Now that I know our true situation, it raises possibilities.”
Her head shot up, and she bounced on the balls of her feet. “What sort of possibilities?”
Instead of answering her, he tossed her over his shoulder and sprinted upstairs. Splaying one hand over her thighs, he pinned her in place while his other hand alternately stroked and spanked her ass. She giggled and kicked her feet.
When they reached the bedroom, he tossed her onto the bed. “I should tie you up and punish you for your games. Is this whole marriage a joke to you?”
Horrified, she shook her head. “Jared, no. I didn’t realize you were Master Jay until you called me Kitty Gail. Back at the club, I used to fantasize about you, but nothing beats the way I fantasize about my husband. Spank me, punish me, but please, no ropes. Not yet. It’s too soon after…”
Tears flowed over her cheeks and her lower lip trembled. His eyes shone with mischief, but he kept his expression stern. “You didn’t know? You’ll have to convince me.”
Sensing the change in him, she chanced a smile. “Maybe a blowjob?”
Still standing back, deliberately not touching her in any way, he commanded, “Stand up and strip.”
She made no attempt to take charge as she had when she’d stripped for him at the club. Instead, she pulled down her the zipper and stepped out of the catsuit.
“Underwear too,” he commanded.
Obediently she removed the last of her clothes and dropped to her knees, ready to please him with her lips and tongue.
His lips twitched, but he stayed in Dom mode. “Not yet. Lie on the bed.”
“Please, Master, I didn’t mean…”
He cut her off by raising an eyebrow. “Did I give you permission to speak?”
Nervous, she lay on the bed. She’d rather he bruised her ass than back off like this. Truthfully, she’d enjoy a spanking, maybe even needed one, but she needed her husband to forgive her for not coming clean the instant she discovered their shared past.
Face set, he told her, “Stroke your breasts until your nipples go hard.”
She rubbed her thumbs over her red areolae and plucked at her nipples, stroking them until they formed hard peaks.
Jared smiled at last. “Such pretty nipples. Don’t stop until I come back.”
She wanted to ask where he was going, but he’d ordered her into silence. Obeying him when he turned dominant and demanding thrilled her, but after Jared, she’d never sub for anyone else. When he returned, he handed her two clothespins. “One on each nipple. Now.”
She wasn’t a fan of breast clamping, but she pinched one nipple until it stood proud and fastened the clothespin on it. The pain made her gasp. She said nothing, just repeated the actions with the other nipple and waited for him to tell her what to do next.
She watched him roll his shoulders as if dissipating tension. He pushed her legs open and stared at her pussy. “Already damp. Rub your clit until I tell you to stop, but don’t come before I give you permission.”
Her cheeks overheated, and she knew they’d turned red. Lying here with clothespins on her breasts and masturbating while he watched sent her libido into overdrive. He moved back and leaned against the wall. Freeing his cock from his jeans, he closed his fist around it and settled back to watch her. She toyed with her clit until she writhed with need. Her head thrashed and her eyes glazed. A low moan came from her throat, and she struggled to hold her orgasm back.
He smiled for the first time since he’d carried her into the bedroom. “You’ve no idea how beautiful you look when you need to come, but did you mention a blowjob?”
Staying silent, she nodded and opened her mouth.
Jared chuckled at her eager response. “Good girl. Open your legs for me.”
She’d meant to give rather than receive, but she’d accept anything he offered if he stopped being angry. He removed the clothespins from her breasts and lavished his attention on her nipples. The pain of the blood returning, combined with the roughness of his tongue against her breasts, helped her slip into subspace. When he knelt with knees on either side of her head, facing her feet, she understood.
As she drew his cock into her mouth, he leaned forward and lapped at the hot honey pooled in her pussy. Utterly content, Abby sucked him deeper, twirling her tongue around him as she opened her throat.
“Delicious,” he groaned as he tasted her wet heat. When his tongue speared her pussy, she came with a groan. Eager to return the favor, she hollowed her cheeks and sucked harder, milking his cock as she deep throated him. He threw back his head and yelled her name as he came.
Afterward, as they snuggled beneath the comforter, he stroked her hair. “Whatever you’ve done, you look beautiful. Not that you didn’t before, but you found a way to improve on perfection. I’d give anything to stay home and love you, but you promised your class you’d be there.”
Reluctantly, she sponged herself off, fixed the makeup she’d bought along with her hair products, and went to get dressed.
Jared gave her a wicked grin. “No underwear for my naughty kitty tonight.”
Flustered, she reached for her thong panties, but he beat her to it. Gathering up her bra too, he confiscated her favorite lingerie. With a sigh, Abigail slipped on her catsuit, but she felt like the naughty kitty he’d called her. She should have been embarrassed, but sharing her pantyless secret with Jared thrilled her. When she walked, the seam of the catsuit rubbed at her pussy.
Once he’d donned his Zorro outfit, they set off hand in hand for the children’s party.
At first, her class didn’t recognize her, but Mandy snickered. “I didn’t think you’d make it.”
Gradually the children left, and the adults arrived.
As usual Sean Mathews had pretty girls flocking around him, but for once, he didn’t seem interested. Instead, he stared at Abigail. “What happened to your hair?”
His stunned expression announced that she looked like a freak.
Jared took her hand. “Stunning, isn’t it? And watch your tone when you speak to my wife. I married the most beautiful woman I’ve ever seen, and I’m going to spend my life making her happy.”
Abigail did a double take, gazing at Jared before blanking her expression and staring out at the beach. She wanted to believe him, but for so long she’d been overlooked by the people she loved. With Jared, she wanted more. Before she could say anything, he took her arm and led her to the table for the Christmas meal.
After a fabulous dinner with her friends, he tucked her arm through his and led her outside onto the beach. As they gazed at the stars, he pointed out Jupiter, Aldebaran, and Orion’s Belt. “Those stars pale compared to your eyes.” He pulled out the diamond-studded eternity ring and dropped to one knee. “I know this is backward, but will you be my wife on a forever basis? I’ve never met anyone like you, but all I can offer you is my heart. I’ll move heaven and earth to make you happy, and in time I hope to make you love me back.”
Unable to speak for the way her emotions overwhelmed her, Abigail sank onto the sand beside him and held out her hand. As he slipped the ring on her wedding finger, she finally found her voice. “Forever and always. I love you, Jared Armstrong. You’ve made this my best Christmas ever.”
He pulled her upright and kissed her until she ran out of air.
Each year, she taught her class about the solstice and the way it wove into local history. In a nightmare solstice night, she’d almost died and become part of the legend. Instead, the Dom of her dreams claimed her for his wife. Hand in hand, they strolled the beach, laughing at how fortunate they’d been to find each other.
Back in the mine, thoughts of the massacred women had strengthened her. Now she felt them rejoice when she found the happiness the land-grabbing settlers had stolen from them.
From now on, for her, the year’s longest night would always be the night she found her true love. She wished she’d decorated their home, but there’d be no trees left this close to Christmas. Next year, she vowed to set their home ablaze with Christmas lights. Maybe it wasn’t too late to buy a turkey and all the trimmings. She certainly hoped not.
Jared draped his arm around her shoulders as they walked home. They stopped often, exchanging kisses and enjoying other people’s Christmas lights. As they rounded the corner onto her street, she gasped. The tree in her garden sparkled with brightly colored lights. “What?”
Laying his finger over her lips, Jared smiled. “Come inside.”
A Christmas tree filled one corner of her front room. Glass balls glittered between swathes of fairy lights. A holly garland decorated her fireplace, and a light net covered her windows.
Jared stood back, entranced by her joyful expression. “I couldn’t find any Christmas decorations in your loft or your basement, so I asked William. He said you never decorated for the holidays, but I couldn’t let our first Christmas pass without a tree. I ordered a load of stuff online and had it delivered to William’s house. He put everything up for us while we partied. So, Mrs. Armstrong, do you like my Christmas surprise?”
Abigail twirled in delight. “I love it, but not as much as I love my wonderful husband.”
He couldn’t let her pass without kissing her. Twenty minutes later they finally broke for air. Abby had been the child who’d secretly craved a Christmas as special as the ones in movies and books. For her, life didn’t get better than this. The way her husband set this up for her would live in her heart forever. The solstice would always be special for them too, since it was the night Jared stepped in like a movie hero and brought her home safe.
Utterly content, she snuggled up to her husband. “So, Master Jay, does your kitty get a Christmas spanking?”
Ends
About Kryssie Fortune
Kryssie Fortune writes the sort of hot sexy books she loves to read. Her paranormal heroes are muscular werewolves, arrogant Fae, seductive vampires or BDSM loving dragons.
Kryssie likes her contemporary heroes ex-military and dominant. Her Byronic and brooding Regency men are troubled survivors of Waterloo. When it comes to women, she writes kick ass females who can hold their own against whatever life - or Kryssie - throws at them.
Kryssie's pet hates are unhappy endings, and a series that end on a cliff hanger.
Her books are all stand alone even when part of series. Plot always comes before sex, but when her heroines and heroes get together, the sex is explosive and explicit. One review called it downright sensual.
Other Books by Kryssie Fortune
(All can be read as a stand-alone romance even when part of a series.)

The HEROES OF WESTHORPE RIDGE series
Marriage, Mobsters, and the Marine
Sex, Scandal, and the Sheriff
Desire, Deceit, and the Doctor
Submission, Secrets, and the Soldier.

Two Loosely Linked Paranormal Romances
Taken as Theirs
Claimed as Theirs

Loosely Linked Historical Romance
Wickedly Used
His Innocent Bride
The Viscount’s Pet

Stand Alone Romance
Giving It Up for the Gods
One Knight Stand (Formerly Knights Vampire)
Taken by Twin Doms
Dominated by the Dragon

The SCATTERED SIBLINGS Series
To Wed a Werewolf
To Break a Warrior King’s Curse (Formerly Curse of the Fae King)
To Mate a Werewolf
To Seduce an Omega
Claimed by the Vampire, Seduced by the Werewolf

