Amourisa Press and Kit Tunstall, writing as Aurelia Skye, reserve all rights to SAMPLER: A COLLECTION. This work may not be shared or reproduced in any fashion without permission of the publisher and/or author. Any resemblance to any person, living or dead, is purely coincidental. 
© Kit Tunstall, 2017 
Cover Images: Depositphotos.com
Celestial Mates Template by Yocla
Cover design by Amourisa Designs. 
Editing by N.G. and CM Editing Services

Join Kit’s Mailing List to receive notification of new releases and access bonus chapters for your favorite books. You get free books just for signing up. If you prefer to receive notifications for just one, or a few, of Kit’s pen names, you’ll have the option to select which lists to subscribe to at signup. 



Mated To The Cyborg General (Celestial Mates)
Aurelia Skye

Celestial Mates—Romancing the Galaxy…
One moment, completely human and modern-day Carrie Morgan is crocheting in her living room. The next second, a peach alien claiming to be a Celestial Mates agent transports her and her dog four hundred years into the future. He leaves her there to be discovered by her supposed fated mate—a blue-skinned cyborg general. 

The sly agent failed to mention a few things, like the fact humans and cyborgs are at war with each other! She’s certain Freydon Rote is crazy, but as she gets to know the cyborg general, she realizes maybe there’s something to the claim that DVS84 is meant to be her mate. Passionate nights further convince her that perhaps she’s in the right place at the right time to find her happy ending—if she survives all the challenges of her new environment.

Can a human woman find true love with a cyborg general fighting against her species? Find out in this latest installment in the Celestial Mates series, brought to you by USA Today bestselling author Kit Tunstall, writing as Aurelia Skye.

Chapter One
Present Day Earth

One moment, Carrie was working on a baby blanket for her coworker’s impending arrival, and the next, a flash of light filled her living room. She let out a startled gasp that would’ve turned into a scream if her voice hadn’t been trapped in her throat. There was a strange peach-colored creature before her. She opened her mouth, struggling to make a sound that wouldn’t come. The rest of her body was equally frozen.
The peach thing had eyes, but no other obvious facial features until it started speaking, and what looked like lips formed in the gelatinous blob. “Don’t be afraid, Carrie Morgan. My name is Freydon Rote, and I’m with the Celestial Mates Agency.”
Her body might be frozen, but it wasn’t keeping fear at bay. In fact, that was contributing to it, and though she’d never had a panic attack, she was certain she was in the throes of one now. She tried to move or scream, but couldn’t manage to do either one. She couldn’t even wiggle her pinky.
“Really, there’s no reason to be afraid. I’ve simply learned from experience that when I appear abruptly, it’s best to ensure the person I’m visiting is temporarily incapable of screaming or running away.” After he stopped speaking, he let out a low trilling sound. “There, that should be better.”
It was better, and a sense of peace flowed through her, though she still couldn’t move. It didn’t keep her from questioning what he was, or why he was in her living room. She just had no outlet to voice the interrogative.
“As I said, I’m Freydon Rote. I’m with an agency that exists outside of time and space. We find matches all over the galaxies and bring together those who are meant to be. You’ve been matched.”
Her eyes widened, and she was torn between skepticism and the slightest hint of intrigue. She had recently filled out an online dating profile, but hadn’t summoned the nerve to look at the results since she had completed the process. Was this related to that? But how could it be, and why would an online dating company appear in her living room in a convincing alien suit?
Freydon bent down, holding up her suitcase a moment later. “I took the liberty of packing for you to save time. Based on your personality profile and observation files, I think I did a good job of selecting what you would’ve been most likely to take. I could have allowed you to pack for yourself, but I was afraid you wouldn’t cooperate. If you did, you might be in a panic and end up needing something later that you won’t be able to get.”
His words were ominous. They weren’t spoken in a fearful fashion, and he didn’t seem aggressive. He was matter-of-fact, which was almost as terrifying as the words themselves. Her panic started to surge again, only ebbing when he did that trilling sound. At first, it had been a welcome damper to her panic, but now she resented his ability to manipulate her and her emotions. She glared at him.
“Please don’t be angry, dear. I promise this is all for the best. You’ll thank me, though perhaps not in the beginning. We really must go. While I exist outside of time and space, I have an enormous amount of work waiting for me, and you have your entire future before you.”
To her surprise, she could suddenly move again. Still holding tightly to her crochet bag, she stood up and marched toward him, intent on kicking him out–or perhaps freeing the aborted scream that still seem trapped in her throat. It was an unpleasant surprise to discover she didn’t have her voice yet, and she pointed to her throat while glaring at him.
He put up a hand in a soothing fashion. “Yes, I understand you want to speak, but I can actually read your thoughts. It’s unnecessary, and it keeps the neighbors from getting involved.” He looked around. “Now where is Penny?”
How did he know about her dog?
“I know just about everything, dear.” He spoke the words gently before he raised his voice, summoning her dog with a firm command.
The creaking of the pet door through which Penny had recently departed to do her business announced the return of the big black lab as she came lumbering back into the house. While Penny wasn’t known for her bravery, Carrie still expected her to have an aggressive reaction to a stranger—and an alien at that, if his costume wasn’t fake—appearing in the dog’s living room. Instead, Penny ambled over to Freydon and started sniffing him as she wagged her tail.
The peach alien rewarded the dog with a pat on the head before fastening her leash to her collar. He handed the other end to Carrie, who took it automatically. He looked down at Penny, talking to the dog just as he had to her. “I packed your favorite things as well, sweet Penny.” After patting the dog on the head again, he looked around for a moment before nodding. “That’s everything then. Are you ready?”
Hell no, she wasn’t ready. She had no idea what was going on, and she was completely confused. She tried to speak, but he still hadn’t given her back the ability.
“Try not to be too afraid, dear. General DVS84 will take good care of you and vice versa. I might suggest you call him Davis though. Far more personal, don’t you think? DVS is such a mouthful.”
Her head was starting to pound, but the pain eased as soon as he let out a trilling sound, though this was different from the one he’d used to soothe her nerves. She was still bewildered and incapable of speech when the light that had flashed in her living room sparked again, this time encompassing her, the alien, and her befuddled dog. The last sound she heard in her living room was Penny woofing, a sound of fear, which was followed by Freydon’s trill. Apparently, it soothed the dog as well as it soothed her.
The next moment, her living room was gone, and the light that had encompassed them was fading. She stared around in confusion and horror at the landscape before her. It was barren and desert-like, though dust appeared to blow instead of sand. She choked and blinked as it stung her face and got in her eyes. “Where are we?” At least her voice was back.
“Welcome to the future, Carrie. The general will be along in a moment, so I must leave. As I said, things to do.”
“What’s going on here? Where are we, and what am I supposed to do? You can’t just leave me here.”
His tone was soothing. “No, not for long. As I said, the general will be along shortly. I doubt you’ll see me again. That’s what the timeline indicates anyway. I’ll only reappear if an obstacle becomes so insurmountable that you two can’t work it out on your own. I don’t see that happening for you, so I’ll bid you and sweet Penny goodbye.”
“Wait just a minute—” Before she could finish the words, the light flashed again, this time surrounding only Freydon Rote, and then he was gone. She stared at the spot where he had been for a moment before more dust blew into her eyes, making her blink and look away. She looked down, seeing her largest piece of luggage, alongside a smaller bag for Penny, and that was it, other than her dog. What had he said? Welcome to the future?
She wanted to deny what she was seeing, to pretend it had all been a hallucination, but it was increasingly difficult to do so as the seconds ticked past. She’d never seen a landscape like this before. It was as though all the life had been drained from it, and she couldn’t recall ever seeing a picture of such a desolate place on earth. Where was she? Had he brought her into the future to a different planet? It sounded insane, but after the last few minutes, she was finding it increasingly difficult to reject the idea.
She looked around, recalling Freydon’s words that the mysterious general would soon appear. Since she had no idea what he looked like, what his purpose was, or why she was there, she wasn’t certain if she should be looking for his arrival with anticipation or fear. Just because Freydon had told her not to be afraid didn’t mean she was going to choose that option. He might have seemed harmless and benign, but he had still kidnapped her and brought her to wherever this place was without any clear answers.
The wind was strong, howling in her ears. Combined with the dust, it restricted her range of view. One moment, it was just her and Penny, and the next, there were three large blue beings standing in front of her. Penny whimpered and pressed against her leg, and she put a hand on the dog’s head in an absentmindedly soothing fashion as she trembled with fear. 
The closer they got, the more they looked human, though the faint blue skin was strange. So were the luminescent blue lines running through their bodies. They looked almost like veins, but not entirely. As they approached, she squinted and tentatively identified the pattern of blue lines as more closely resembling circuitry than a vascular system.
She was really shaking now, and though it was cold, it was mostly terror that made her tremble. When the largest one stepped forward, her head spun, and she could barely remain upright. He sounded surprised when he spoke, but his words were more surprising still. “This is where Rote said to meet him. Who are you, and where is the Celestial Mates agent?”
For the first time in her life, Carrie swooned like an honest-to-goodness Victorian heroine. Without smelling salts to revive her, she simply collapsed forward, passing out as the ground grew ever closer.


Chapter Two

The general caught the human before she hit the ground, though he wasn’t certain what protective instinct made him do so. Not only did he have no use for humans, he had a deep-seated hatred for them and their bigotry. Keeping one from harm should have been the last thing he wanted to do. As she nestled in his arms, pressed against his chest, a stab of desire pierced him in the groin, and he groaned at the unexpected reaction. 
When that strange alien had appeared to him, indicating he must meet him here to receive the weapon that would end the war, he hadn’t indicated there would be a human involved. With a frown, DVS realized Freydon Rote hadn’t indicated much of anything beyond implying he would need what Freydon Rote brought him to end the conflict. Surely, the alien had meant a weapon of some sort, and not a fragile human female?
He looked down doubtfully at the dog, who was cowering before him. His databank identified the species, but he had never seen one. Dogs had been extinct on Earth for at least two hundred years. In nano-seconds, he knew everything about not just dogs, but this breed in particular. He didn’t know the name the human had given it, so he substituted what seemed to be the common phrase when they had been humans’ companions. “Good boy.”
The dog stop trembling, and when he repeated the words, he moved closer, wagging his tail. He repeated, “Good boy,” a third time, and the creature rolled over onto its back. He quickly realized he had chosen the wrong pronoun. “Good girl.”
“What should we do with them?” asked JSN42, his trusted second-in-command.
“We must bring them back to base. Freydon Rote assured me they were the key to ending the conflict.”
“I thought we were coming here for a weapon, not a useless human and its animal,” said MX409 in a voice filled with disdain.
“As did I, MX, but perhaps the human will tell us what the weapon is when she awakens. Grab her things, MX. JSN, take the dog’s leash.” The word came to him after only a brief hesitation, because his databanks could access all the collected knowledge of the history of the planet—that hadn’t been destroyed almost sixty years ago.
“I told you your mysterious alien benefactor couldn’t be trusted,” said MX.
DVS glowered at the younger cyborg under his command. “We can’t afford not to explore all options, MX. Keep further commentary to yourself.”
“Yes, sir,” he said with a hint of insolence.
DVS let it slide as he shifted his hold on the human, at first planning to sling her over his shoulder. At the last moment, she shifted slightly, curving against his chest and making a sound of contentment as she settled against him. She was still clearly unconscious, but it was obvious her body had chosen to trust him. For some reason, that made the dual pumps in his heart increase their cadence. 
He was unaccustomed to such a reaction and couldn’t identify what might cause it, other than the human in his arms. He’d had his reservations about trusting Freydon Rote, and now he wondered if he was voluntarily taking a weapon back into their base, one that would end the war, but not in the way he wanted. Was he playing into the hands of the humans and their synth warriors by taking this female back to their stronghold?
He decided the sensible thing to do would be to drop her and leave her behind, to ignore the peach alien’s insistence that he was bringing him something of incomparable value. At the last moment, before he could release his hold on her, she snuggled closer and pressed her mouth to his neck. She was still unconscious, but the way her breath wafted over his skin made the area feel like he’d been touched with a live wire. 
It wasn’t an entirely unpleasant sensation, and his arms tightened around her instead of releasing as he had planned. He wasn’t convinced of the wisdom of doing so, but he realized he was committed to taking her back to their base, at least to interrogate her to discover what she knew, and what value she might offer for defeating the humans.
***
She woke on a hard surface with a damp doggy nose in her face as Penny sniffed her before licking her cheek. For a brief, blissful moment, she allowed herself to believe she’d simply fallen asleep at the couch and had tumbled to the floor. It had all been a dream. When she reluctantly pried open her eyes, she was disappointed, but not surprised, to find it hadn’t been a dream. She was in a sparsely decorated room, lying on what resembled a low bunk, but without a mattress. She sat up, groaning as her back twinged, and looked around.
Immediately, her gaze collided with the largest of the blue aliens she had seen earlier. If they were aliens. “What are you?” Her voice was scratchy, and she wondered how long she had been out.
With a frown, he stepped closer, looming over her with his arms crossed over his substantial chest. “I am DVS84, General of the Cyborg Army, sworn enemy to humanity and their synthetic worriers. Who are you?”
“Uh…” She licked her dry lips, uncertain how to answer. “Carrie?” She offered it like a question instead of an established fact.
His scowl only deepened. “Where’s the weapon Freydon Rote promised me, Carrie?”
Her eyes widened, and she shrugged. “I have no idea about a weapon. I don’t even know why I’m here. That peach alien guy just appeared in my living room and brought me here in a flash of light. He kidnapped me and my dog.”
He frowned even more. “Withholding information would not be good for you.”
She trembled at the ominous words. “I’m telling you what I know. He appeared and identified himself as some kind of mating agent who exists outside of time and space. He told me I’d been matched with General DVS84 and suggested I call you Davis. Then he brought me here, and he just left.” She was starting to sound slightly hysterical, so she burrowed her fingers into Penny’s fur, drawing comfort and strength from her dog as she tried to fight off the urge to cry or break down.
“I’m General DVS84, but what is this match you speak of?”
She flushed under the weight of his stare, wondering how she could explain her understanding of the situation in a delicate fashion. “I think he meant we’re mates. He told me he brought together people across the galaxies who were meant to be together.”
“Together for what?”
Her eyes widened. “For mating.” She meant it in a relationship context, but the words immediately called to mind the image of a far more visceral joining with the cyborg general. The reminder that he was a cyborg should have been enough to quell any desire, but the steamy images flashing through her mind refused to take into consideration exactly what he was. It also made her relieved that he didn’t appear to be able to read her thoughts as Rote had, or she would probably die from embarrassment right then.
He was confused and seemed mildly disgusted. “You refer to breeding.” For a moment, his eyes flicked rapidly, and then he spoke again. “Sex. How humans reproduce.”
“I think there’s more to being mates than that,” she said tentatively. “Do Cyborgs have sex?”
“Yes, we do.” He sneered at her. “And this is why you came here, human? For sex with a cyborg?”
Carrie glared at him. “Don’t flatter yourself. You make it sound like I had a choice in the matter. Remember that Rote guy just showed up in my living room and kidnapped me and my dog? I don’t know why I’m here, but it isn’t by choice, and it certainly isn’t to have sex with you.” 
Though she delivered the words in a scathingly blistering tone, and they were technically true, she couldn’t help admiring the physique revealed by the tight black pants and vest he wore. It left part of his torso and arms completely bare, and she wasn’t strong enough not to appreciate the view. After all, she still had a pulse. That didn’t mean he needed to know that, so she quickly returned her gaze to his face as she attempted to keep an expression of disdain to match his own.
“Why did Rote bring you here?” He shook his head, and the short black hair on top of it didn’t move at all, since it was so closely cropped to his skull. “How can you be the key to winning the war?”
“What war?” 
The general arched a brow, sounding skeptical when he asked, “What do you mean, what war? The same war that’s raged between cyborgs and you humans for the last seven decades.”
She inhaled sharply. “You’re at war with humans? Why would Freydon Rote bring me here?” Panic was spreading through her again, and she almost wished the little peach alien was there to do that trilling sound that calmed her down—and take her back to her living room.
“Of course. Don’t pretend you don’t know.”
She shook her head. “There’s not been some war going on for the last seventy years, at least not in my world. What planet are we on?”
“Earth. Are you claiming you come from a different planet?”
Carrie shook her head. “No, I’m from Earth too, but not this Earth. The only war I know that’s currently going on is human versus human, and it’s over religion and oil. There aren’t even cyborgs on my earth.”
“Why would you fight over oil?”
“To power our vehicles and economic reasons… It’s stupid, really.”
“Vehicles powered by fossil fuels have been obsolete since twenty fifty-seven. It makes no sense to fight a conflict over something no one uses.”
Her heart skipped a beat. “Twenty fifty-seven? What year is it here?” Her stomach clenched as she braced herself for his answer.
“It’s twenty-four forty-eight. Are you claiming to be from a different time?”
Feeling nauseated, Carrie reached out for Penny, who came over and put her head on her lap. She started stroking the dog and found a small measure of comfort. “I’m from the beginning of the twenty-first century.”
He took a step back, clearly startled by her words. There was still skepticism in his expression, but at least he didn’t accuse her of lying. “What possible value would a woman from your time period be for ending the war between humans and cyborgs?”
She shrugged, trying not to take offense at the way he classified her as a commodity that could be valuable or not. “What war?” she asked again.
He started pacing. “In twenty-two ninety-six, Maurice Frankel made a breakthrough in cybernetics. People had been using robotic prosthetics for at least a hundred years, but he found a way to bond human and machine on the cellular level. He started creating cyborgs to serve humanity, recruiting many with the lure of money. The planet was vastly overpopulated, and millions suffered without jobs, adequate food supply, or enough clean water. He found a plethora of volunteers. 
“Initially, governments of Earth were somewhat resistant to the idea, until they discovered how useful cyborgs could be. We existed in a gray area that didn’t clearly define us as autonomous beings. We were at their mercy and forced to do their bidding. As word spread about the conditions cyborgs lived in, Frankel found it difficult to find volunteers.”
“Did he start stealing people or something?” She hung on his words, wishing he was simply weaving a science fiction story for her rather than Earth’s history—or her future, from her perspective.
He shook his head. “No, that was unnecessary. The Allied government simply issued a new guideline. Any soldier who died during active duty could be reanimated as a cyborg using Frankel’s techniques. When that wasn’t providing enough numbers for him, they modified it further, allowing soldiers to be drafted from the military to undergo conversion to a cyborg.”
Carrie’s mouth gaped open. “They couldn’t do that. It had to have been illegal.”
“They were the government. They could do what they wanted, though the human soldiers did resist. They staged an uprising, but the cyborgs quelled it.”
“And that’s how the war with cyborgs and humans began? You were sent in to stop people from resisting becoming like you?” Her nausea further increased. How could the alien matchmaker expect her to be mates with someone like that?
“No, that’s not what happened. They ended the rebellion, but Frankel’s measures to suppress their consciousness and own awareness were failing. The cyborgs saw the injustices committed, that had also been inflicted upon them, and the rebellion stirred anew, though it was cyborgs fighting that time. Some humans fought alongside us, and cyborgs quickly fell out of favor for obvious reasons. Being a resourceful egomaniac, Frankel switched direction with his research. Within three years, he’d created the first synth warrior prototype.”
“What’s a synth warrior?”
“A synthetic human, created from a mixture of materials. They don’t have emotions, so they aren’t driven by fear or empathy or compassion. They follow orders, no matter how atrocious. There have been conflicts for decades, and the humans who controlled the synthetic armies gave them a simple directive—destroy all the cyborgs and our human allies. Cyborgs are far more difficult to destroy than humans, as you can imagine. It didn’t take long before it was almost completely cyborgs fighting the synth warriors.”
“Is that why the planet looks so awful? Or at least the part of it that I’ve seen?”
He shrugged. “Partly, but that’s mainly due to a weapon the humans deployed sixty years ago. It was meant to kill cyborgs in a single swoop. From what we pieced together, it was designed to dissolve the ionic bond between human and synthetic parts, but it must’ve malfunctioned. Instead of destroying just cyborgs, it started to disjoin the bonds between purely organic matter. 
“Some cyborgs were affected, but none of us died. Our healing mechanisms were able to counter the damage, no matter how extensive. We watched the few remaining humans fighting at our side simply dissolve away. The humans who wanted our destruction had already withdrawn into their safe havens. We haven’t seen a human in sixty years, but the fighting has grown even more brutal. The synthetics don’t stop, and we can’t afford to, or we’ll be annihilated.”
“And Freydon Rote told you I would end the war?” At his nod, she couldn’t help a scathing laugh. “How am I supposed to do that? Maybe I should crochet them all gun cozies?” That was if she still had her crochet bag. She didn’t remember if she’d held onto it during the transition from her living room to this new nightmare, or if she had dropped it along the way. 
“I’m not… I can’t…?” She trailed off and suddenly found it difficult to breathe. It felt like she had inhaled a lungful of dust that raged outside in the whipping wind. She coughed, but it did nothing to improve her ability to breathe. Carrie slumped forward, head between her knees, in an attempt to conquer her panic and breathe.
A moment later, he crossed the room and stood beside her. His large hand fell solidly on her back, and it was unclear if he was trying to give her a comforting pat or clear her blocked respiratory tract. His awkward pat was too hard to be one of pure comfort, but not hard enough to be effective for helping her breathe. Each time his palm connected with her back, it jarred through her.
Finally, she was able to draw in a deep breath, and she endured a couple more of his awkward attempts to help before she was able to sit up, gently disengaging. Despite the slightly rough way he’d slapped her on the back, she found herself missing his touch as he moved away, putting distance between them. 
Carrie rubbed her eyes, blinking back tears that tried to fall. “I just don’t understand any of this. Why I’m here, or why he told you I could help end the war. It doesn’t make any sense. I don’t know anything about strategy or fighting. I have no knowledge of robotics. I can’t even set up my own modem. I had to have the cable company come out to do that. Why would he say we’re supposed to be mates? If I had him here right now…”
The general surprised her with a small chuckle. “I have a feeling he’s too wise to show his face here again, at least if he has any inkling of self-preservation. He must realize he’s not popular with either one of us.”
A spark of hope shot through her, and she lifted her head. “Do you have time travel abilities? I mean, it’s four hundred-plus years in the future. You must have something like that.”
He looked regretful as he shook his head. “Not to my knowledge. I’m certain if the humans had it on their side, they would have used it by now in some way to complete the destruction of the cyborgs. I’m afraid you’re stuck here, Carrie.”
The tears threatened to fall again, and she blinked several times, refusing to yield to them, at least for now. “What do I do then? I have no friends or family here, and it’s obvious cyborgs hate humans, so how do I stay here?” 
She broke off abruptly when she realized she was presuming a lot. He might not even allow her to stay despite Rote’s words that they were meant to be mates. She wasn’t sure how that was supposed to work either. Her cheeks felt hot as she had the thought. 
Of course she understood the physical mechanics of such a joining, assuming he still had all of his functioning parts, but she didn’t understand the purpose behind their union, or how the matchmaker could be certain they were supposed to be together. “Do you know where the other humans are? Maybe I could go there.”
His mouth tightened. “No.”
“You don’t know where they are?”
He shook his head. “I don’t, but you aren’t going there. You’re staying here.” He spoke firmly, as though the matter was already decided.
“I can’t stay here. You hate me. It isn’t safe for me here, and I don’t want to be surrounded by people who hate me. It’s no way to live.”
“You’re staying, and that’s final.” Without another word, the general stormed from the room, the door closing behind him with a hydraulic hiss.
She got up from the hard surface on which she had been seated and moved across the room. She stood in front of the door and tried to figure out how to open it, but it refused to yield. For the time being, she was stuck there until or unless he came back to her. “Overbearing jerk,” she muttered before moving away from the door. 
Once more, she sat down on the hard, flat surface, hoping this wasn’t meant to be a bed, though she feared it might be. Judging from the dimensions of the room, and the complete lack of creature comforts, it seemed pretty obvious she was in the equivalent of a holding cell. 
That was a strange experience, considering she’d never even been sent to the principal’s office in school, or had as much as a speeding ticket as an adult. Things had certainly changed, and definitely not for the better—no matter how attractive her so-called mate was. That alien who had gotten her into this mess had a lot to answer for if he ever bothered to show his face again.


Chapter Three

DVS went to the main command room, unsurprised to find JSN already in attendance. His friend and comrade would have naturally stepped in while he interrogated the prisoner. 
A dart of discomfort shot through him at the idea of describing Carrie that way, but it was the most apt descriptor. She was currently a prisoner, and he had been attempting to get answers from her. That she was supposed to be his mate made no difference, and he still couldn’t see Rote’s logic to that. 
What value was a mate to a man like him, one embroiled in a war for their very survival? Rote had promised DVS a way to end the war, but had simply delivered a human female from the distant past. There was no value in the union, and he needed to ignore the physical urges leading him to want to claim the human as his.
“Did you learn anything of use from the human?” asked JSN. His lips turned down into a frown. “She is completely human, isn’t she?”
DVS arched a brow. “I assume so, but I didn’t give her a thorough inspection.”
JSN gave him a knowing smirk. “You would have had time to, and she is your mate. Perhaps you can overlook the fact that she’s human. She’s not completely unappealing. If you don’t want her, there might be another—”
Before he’d realized it, DVS’s hand shot out and wrapped around his friend’s throat, squeezing hard enough to keep him from speaking. “None will touch her.”
JSN didn’t seem unduly worried as he lifted his hands in a gesture of surrender. He didn’t speak until DVS withdrew his hand. “It’s like that, is it? I’m surprised you’re back already then and not consummating your union.”
“I have no intention of touching her. I simply want to ensure her safety. She’s an enigma, and if Rote is telling us the truth, she might be the key to ending the war. We just have to figure out how she’ll serve that purpose. We can’t do that if she’s injured by one of the cyborgs, or harmed in any fashion.”
JSN chuckled. “I don’t believe she’d be harmed by any who might claim her as a mate, though she might not walk straight for a while.”
DVS struggled to control his temper, uncertain why his friend’s ribald comments were irritating him in such an extreme way. He shouldn’t feel at all protective or possessive of the human. He’d never agreed to take her as a mate. He’d simply agreed to meet Rote at the appointed time, and he’d been lured there with the promise of ending the war. 
In point of fact, he had paid little attention to Rote’s insistence that he was bringing him his destined mate. He had focused on having the upper hand to finally end the vicious conflict with the synths and the humans. So why did the idea of one of his cyborgs claiming her offend him so greatly?
He shook his head, trying to dismiss the thoughts. “She’ll be safe here, so spread the word that she’s off-limits.”
“And will she be staying in the brig, General?” There was a knowing gleam in his friend’s eye despite the deference in his tone when he phrased the question.
“Of course, at least until I figure out what value she might be, or what her fate will be.”
“I’ll spread the word then, General.”
He turned away from his friend, planning to focus his thoughts on the tasks before him. There were offensives to plan, data to sort through from the reconnaissance teams, and myriad other tasks that went with coordinating and commanding a large army. Any of the duties before him should have been enough to occupy his thoughts and keep him focused solely on what he needed to do. 
It was disconcerting to have the human’s face continuously slipping into his mind. Her delicate heart-shaped face and big brown eyes were an unwelcome distraction. Thoughts of running his fingers through her long mane of dark brown hair were inappropriate as he tried to focus on the reports from the recon scouts. 
The idea of allowing his hands to roam freely over all her soft curves instead of focusing on what he should be doing was practically a dereliction of duty. He should write himself up, but it would be too humiliating to have such a report appear in his records. Despite a monumental mountain of tasks before him, he accomplished precious little in the intervening hours as he tried repeatedly to get the human out of his thoughts.
***
Poor Penny was pacing urgently around the confines of the room, pausing to give Carrie a pleading look every few steps. Carrie was irritated on the dog’s behalf, and once again, she started pounding on the door through which the General had disappeared more than an hour before. “You need to let my dog out.” She shouted the words as she took a break from trying to get someone’s attention as she’d been doing for at least the last twenty minutes.
Despite the sides of her hands hurting from where she had formed fists to pound on the door, she was determined to keep at it until someone responded. It was bad enough to lock her in here, but completely unacceptable to do this to Penny. She knew the dog would be traumatized if she was forced to potty inside. She clearly had better manners than the cyborgs holding them prisoner.
Suddenly, the door opened, making Carrie stumble back as Penny moved forward eagerly. Carrie called out to the dog, who was trained enough to stop, even though she was clearly desperate to relieve herself. She didn’t want to risk Penny running out into the hall and being hurt by one of the cyborgs for trying to escape.
The person who stood on the other side of the door was a bit of a surprise. Carrie was average height, and so far, the cyborgs she had seen had all towered over her. That was not the case with the shorter female cyborg in front of her. She was petite, and her pixie cut only served to further enhance her delicate appearance. Though she was the same light blue as all the others, with the luminescent vascular/circuitry system, she seemed to glow with a different light entirely. There was also kindness in her eyes, along with curiosity. 
“Hello.”
“Um, hi,” said Carrie a bit uncertainly. “My dog needs to relieve herself.”
The cyborg tipped her head slightly, clearly confused. “What do you mean?”
“She needs to go outside. If I’m not allowed to leave, could you please take her and bring her back?”
She smiled. “Of course, but you can come with us.” She spoke with unwavering confidence.
Carrie still had her doubts that she was supposed to leave the room, but she wasn’t going to cower in this cell when she had an opportunity to flee. Or at least escape for a few minutes. She hadn’t yet decided if fleeing was wise, should the opening arise. From what DVS had told her, she wouldn’t be safe with the cyborgs, but was she any safer without them unless she could find the humans?
She studiously ignored the small pang in her chest at the idea of being separated from DVS. That was a ridiculous reaction, and she was certain she wouldn’t have even had the briefest thought about him if Freydon Rote hadn’t put it in her head that he was her mate. Utter rubbish.
Hesitantly, she fell into step beside the cyborg female, discreetly trying to guess the girl’s age. She certainly seemed like a girl. “How did you become a cyborg?”
“I was injured in battle, and I requested conversion to a cyborg so I could survive. I had a disabled mother and three siblings to support, which was why I joined the military.”
“But you’re so young.”
She giggled, sounding far more like a human teenager than a cyborg soldier. “I was nineteen when I became a cyborg. I’ve been a cyborg for sixty-one years.”
“Don’t you age?”
She shook her head. “Parts break down and eventually, we sustain serious injuries, or simply get too old for our repair systems to maintain, but we don’t actually age.”
“How long does a cyborg live?”
She shrugged. “It depends on the cyborg. The general is one hundred and fourteen years old.”
Talk about an age gap. Not that it mattered that he was nearly ninety years older than her, and that was without calculating how old she technically was after traveling more than four hundred years into the future. None of that mattered, because they weren’t actually meant to be mates. 
She reminded herself of that firmly as the female cyborg led her out of the base and back into the barren landscape she had seen before. She hadn’t seen this part, since she had been unconscious during the trip back to their base, but it was basically the same as the area where Freydon Rote had deposited her. There were no trees or signs of greenery. The wind whipped up, stirring dirt that blew in her eyes and hair. She closed her eyes and coughed, attempting to clear herself of the irritants. When she opened her eyes again, Penny was a few feet away, taking care of business.
The cyborg was watching the dog with fascination. “I understand what you mean now. Can she not use the facilities?”
Carrie’s lips twitched, and she struggled not to laugh at the idea. “Back home, I occasionally saw a YouTube video of a dog who had been trained to use the facilities, but no, Penny can’t. She’s a clever and sweet girl, but she isn’t quite that talented.”
The dog finished and approached, and the cyborg bent down to greet Penny. As she laughed when the dog sniffed her face, she seemed entirely human, even with her blue skin. “She’s amazing.”
“Yes, she is.” Watching them together made her smile, especially when Penny licked the other woman. Abruptly, she realized she hadn’t gotten her name. “What’s your designation?” That sounded like a sci-fi way to phrase it.
“I’m RVN99.” She giggled again as Penny licked her neck.
“RVN,” she repeated, mind whirling. “Is it all right if I call you Raven?”
RVN paused in her interaction with the dog, looking up at Carrie with a startled expression. “You mean as a name?” At Carrie’s nod, she frowned before a smile slowly overtook her face again. “I like that.”
“Unless you prefer I use your name from before you were a cyborg?”
A ghost of a smile touched her lips. “I don’t remember it. I don’t remember much about my human life, though the really important details are embedded. I still remember my mother’s face, along with my siblings, but even their names are lost. It’s a deliberate mechanism used during the process of conversion. It was used by the military to ensure we fought like weapons instead of as people.”
“I’m so sorry.” She couldn’t imagine enduring something like that, only to lose all the memories of her previous life, aside from the very important ones. All the people she’d loved would be gone, and she couldn’t imagine how awful it must be to lose every other detail, including her own name.
Raven shrugged, looking far more pragmatic than she should at her apparent age. “I knew about it before I agreed. My family needed the compensation that came with entering the program, and I was going to die otherwise.” She stood up, petting Penny on the head before turning her attention back to carry. “We should get inside. Dinner will be served soon.”
Her eyes widened. “You eat?”
Raven seemed to be puzzled by the question. “Don’t you?”
“Of course, but I’m human. I haven’t been…upgraded like you guys.”
Raven laughed. “We have fuel cells and a nourishment solution that circulates through our cybernetic veins, but we still have to feed the organic side of ourselves too. Most cyborgs still have a digestive system, unless the injuries were too extensive to salvage. It’s more economical and easier to obtain food than terbium, which is a critical ingredient in our fuel cells. The military wanted to make us as cost-efficient as possible.”
At the mention of food, her stomach rumbled, and Carrie smiled slightly. “I can eat. I know Penny’s definitely hungry. Rote packed her a bag, and he included her favorite treats, but no food. I hope she can eat what you eat.” Carrie hoped she could eat what they ate too. It would be inconvenient to be plopped into the future and starve to death because cybernetic food wasn’t compatible with her system.
They reentered the base together, and Carrie automatically headed toward the direction from which they had come, pausing only when Raven touched her wrist. “Mess Hall’s this way.”
Carrie frowned. “I don’t think I’m supposed to join you.” A tremble of fear went through her at the thought of being surrounded by cyborgs, who hated humans.
Raven seemed unbothered by the thought, or perhaps the idea hadn’t even crossed her mind. She had been so open and welcoming already that maybe she hadn’t even considered the notion that the other cyborgs would view Carrie’s presence in a far different light. “You can’t spend all your time in a cell. Come on.” With surprising warmth, she linked her arm through Carrie’s to pull her in the right direction.
Carrie was surprised by the texture of her skin. It felt exactly like real skin, though she was clearly a couple of degrees warmer. It wasn’t an unpleasant heat, and she had a brief mental image of curling up against DVS on a cold night.
As quickly as possible, she banished the thought and focused on the task ahead of her. She was nervous and frightened, and it took every ounce of courage she had to keep walking forward beside Raven as they neared a room alive with the rumble of voices. It was impossible to know how many were inside, but she was certain the area was crowded just by the din of noise coming from inside.
She stumbled to a halt when DVS suddenly raised his voice, and silence fell immediately. Raven tried to tug her through the doorway, but she slumped against the wall instead.
“I have news for you. We met at the coordinates provided by the alien, and the weapon we assumed would end the war is a human female.”
Carrie grimaced as a wave of disappointed and angry sounds washed over her.
“Quiet,” roared the general. “Until I can discover what her purpose is, or how she might help us end the war, she’ll be on the base, and I expect you all to keep her safe.”
“She’s a human,” said one in a vicious voice.
“I’m aware,” said DVS with an inflection of heavy irony.
“According to that Freydon Rote, she’s also your mate,” said another voice, this one tinged with laughter.
There was complete silence for a moment, and then the others laughed as well. Carrie cringed at their amusement at her expense, but what really made her want to flee was when DVS spoke again.
“She isn’t my mate. Don’t be ridiculous. I would never take a human as a partner.”
The disdain in the way he pronounced human made her shiver, and she stepped away from the wall, intent on returning to the cell from where Raven had rescued her and Penny. She ignored Raven’s call to come back, but paused when she realized Penny wasn’t beside her. She turned back to find her dog facing the doorway, tail wagging as she inhaled deeply. With a sigh, she recalled Penny had no food in the cell, and there was no telling when either of them would be fed.
“It will be fine,” said Raven with complete confidence. Of course, she wasn’t the one facing a roomful of angry, disappointed, and disdainful cyborgs.
Carrie approached again, stepping into line with Raven before they entered the Mess Hall. Her nerves were strung taut, but she struggled to keep her expression blank as she stepped through the doorway. Complete silence greeted them for a moment, and then DVS was rushing toward them, his anger evident.
“What’s the meaning of this, RVN?”
“Her dog needed to relieve herself, and she needs to eat.” She faced the clearly angry general with an air of complete calm. 
Carrie admired her ability to remain unruffled.
“She’s been designated as a prisoner.”
Raven scoffed. “She’s not going to hurt anyone, and neither is Penny. She’s a sweetheart.” At the words, Raven bent down and reached for the dog, who happily came forward to shower her with doggy kisses.
That left Carrie in an awkward position, with the choice of keeping her gaze on Raven and Penny, or looking around the room, which was unappealing. The last option was to look at the general, and she chose to do that. Her plan had been to glance over his shoulder and avoid his eyes, but they drew her gaze despite her reluctance. 
She was worried by the anger she saw there, but surprised by something else. It was a tantalizing hint of what she tentatively identified as desire. If she wasn’t mistaken, the general found her attractive, though he probably loathed the idea of doing so.
He was still for a moment, as though weighing his options. Finally, his posture relaxed slightly. “She can stay, but you need to get authorization next time, RVN.”
“Of course, General.” She said the words cheerily as she got to her feet and reached for Carrie’s hand. “There are a couple of free seats over here.”
Before Carrie could take the offered hand, DVS intercepted her wrist, clamping it with his own hand. He ignored her sound of surprise, and RVN’s protest, as he dragged her behind him. A moment later, he pushed her into a seat before sitting beside her. 
She was aware of every critical gaze on her, and she had to blink back tears. At least Penny had come with her, wriggling under the table and now pressing her head against Carrie’s lap. She curled her fingers into the dog’s silky fur, drawing strength from her presence as she patted Penny on the head.
She let out a startled gasp when the table rumbled, seeming to shimmy for a moment as the top layer rolled back to reveal a line of trays. There was one directly in front of her, and she eyed the mixture in front of her doubtfully. “What is it?”
“Quinoa, essential vitamins, and algae. It has all the components necessary for survival,” said the cyborg on her right.
She recognized his voice as the one who had mentioned she was DVS’s mate. “Is it okay for humans to eat?”
“Of course.” He looked down at her lap, where Penny was pressed against her leg, eyes hopeful. “Your canine can eat it as well.”
“Penny. That’s her name. And I’m Carrie.”
“JSN42,” he said with a small smile. She couldn’t help noticing how vividly green his eyes were, and she wondered if it was part of being a cyborg, or if he’d had such a vivid shade before conversion.
“I hate the idea of calling you by letters and numbers. Would it be all right if I called you…Jason?”
He seemed startled by the suggestion, but before he could answer, another angry voice broke into their conversation.
“No, you can’t. That’s a human designation. JSN is a cyborg, and you can’t pretend otherwise, human.” It was definitely the one who’d expressed such negativity about her after DVS’s announcement.
His tone was so angry that she immediately flinched and withdrew, though he was seated on JSN’s other side. In the process, that brought her closer to DVS, and she was tempted for a millisecond to melt against him. Instead, she kept herself erect, not allowing her body to sway in his direction.
“Don’t be so mean, MX409,” said Raven from another table. “I like the idea of having a different name. She calls me Raven.”
MX409 made a scoffing sound. “She can call you whatever she likes, but that doesn’t make it your name, RVN.”
“Raven,” insisted the younger cyborg with fire in her eyes, though there was a wobble in her voice.
“Enough,” barked DVS in a tone that brooked no defiance. “You may use whatever designation pleases you, Raven.” He turned to glare at MX. “There’s no need to speak so harshly to our guest.”
The cyborg shook his head. “Now she’s a guest? Not five minutes ago, she was a prisoner.”
“Don’t forget, she’s also his mate,” said JSN with obvious amusement.
DVS glared at him. “Your continued mockery grates on my nerves, Jason,” he said in a scathing fashion.
JSN just shrugged. “I’ll keep that in mind, General.”
DVS surprised her by chuckling. “Of course you will.”
Silence reigned again for a few awkward moments until a cyborg at another table spoke up. He appeared to be a few years older than Raven. “My designation is FLD. What would you call me?”
Carrie frowned, focusing on the letters in his name and drawing a blank for a long moment. Finally, she tentatively offered, “Floyd?”
The cyborg grimaced. “I prefer FLD.”
His blunt response startled a laugh from her, and it felt good to relieve some of her tension. She smiled at him. “I can’t say I blame you. Do you have numbers at the end of your name?”
“80.”
She thought for a moment before suggesting, “How about Aiden?”
FLD seemed to mull it over for a moment before shrugging. “I suppose that would be an interesting designation.” It wasn’t a commitment, but he hadn’t outright refused it either.
She was surprised by the number of cyborgs who offered her their designation, asking for her version of their name. It required some creativity, but she was able to come up with an alternative for most of the options offered, though it was unclear if any of the cyborgs, aside from Raven, planned to use the names she improvised. 
She was happy just to have something to focus on and to keep herself distracted both from DVS’s presence beside her, and the godawful food she was trying to ingest. She managed half before slipping her tray under the table to Penny. At first, she was afraid the dog would refuse to eat it, but Penny proved to be the gourmand she had always been and quickly licked up the remnants.
In a way, it was a relief when the meal ended, and the cyborgs filed out. It was also another opportunity for anxiety to rear its head. She was certain it meant a return to the cell, and she summoned her courage to turn to look at DVS. 
Carrie wasn’t certain why he was so intimidating, other than the circumstances themselves. She wasn’t used to be a shrinking violet, but common sense cautioned her to keep her head down among a group of people who saw her as the enemy—though many had been surprisingly welcoming in the situation. 
“Is it possible for you to schedule a guard to let Penny out once more this evening, and then early in the morning? And if possible, may I please accompany her from the cell?”
He just grunted, which wasn’t any kind of answer. Anger flared, and she glared at him. “I realize my problems aren’t your concern, but Penny doesn’t deserve to suffer.”
He let out a long sigh. “Come with me.”
She was no closer to an answer about Penny’s need to potty, and she followed him in frustrated silence, pausing just briefly to wave to Raven, who had been waiting for her. When they exited the Mess Hall, she was somewhat surprised to find they went in the opposite direction of where she had expected, since the cell was at the other end of the facility. 
Or at least she thought it was, though she might’ve gotten mixed up. It was a large underground facility, and she was certain she’d only seen a small bit of it so far. She was uncertain if she would ever have a chance to see the rest, because her status was murky. Was she prisoner or guest? Either way, without the ability to travel back in time, and without the peach alien who had brought her here, she was stuck with the cyborgs in their base, and she’d appreciate clarification on just exactly what she was supposed to do.
DVS led her down several corridors, and she made a conscious effort to memorize the path they had taken. She wasn’t entirely confident she could get herself back to the Mess Hall, but she thought she could.
He paused before a door and opened it with a hydraulic hiss. He grunted at her and inclined his head sharply, and she took that to mean she was supposed to enter. She stepped inside reluctantly, expecting another cell. Instead, it was a larger chamber, with a much bigger bed that seemed to actually have a mattress. 
An arrangement of items she tentatively identified as chairs awaited, though the proportions were far different from what she had ever seen, even in modern furniture, which could be quite strange. “What is this place?” She dared identify it as guest quarters, but that didn’t seem entirely right either. There was a lived-in air about it.
He ignored the question as he walked across the room to another door. “Come with me.”
She fell into step behind him as he opened the door and led her up a steep incline. They emerged outside the base to the area around the building a couple of moments later. “All quarters have an escape route, aside from cells. You can use this to allow Penny to see to her needs.”
She smiled at him. “Thank you, General.” The word felt strange on her tongue, but it was what she’d heard the others call him.
He inclined his head sharply, waiting with his arms crossed as Penny sniffed the area before marking her territory. When she’d finished, he arched a brow. “Has she completed her task?”
The formal way he worded the question gave her the urge to giggle, but she suppressed it. Instead, Carrie nodded. “Yes, she’s finished.
“Then we’ll return to quarters.” He waited for her to precede him, and at the door, he showed her how to open it by putting her palm against the glass. He had to speak into a microphone above the biometric panel, and she realized he was authorizing her to have entry and exit privileges from the door.
Once they were back inside, he closed the door behind him with his palm on the panel before turning to her. “You aren’t a prisoner, but I would advise you not to take off without an escort. You might find the humans, or you might find the synthetics. Perhaps they’ll recognize you as human and take you to the humans, but they might just as easily identify you as the enemy if they realize you’ve been among the cyborgs.”
She nodded. “I understand.” The idea of stumbling around in the barren wasteland around them didn’t thrill her anyway. She didn’t feel entirely safe in the cyborgs’ base, mainly due to the attitude of the few cyborgs like MX, who hadn’t bothered to hide their aggressive response to her presence, but she was still safer inside than she was outside. She was certain of that. Or maybe she was just too afraid to find out for sure. Either way, she had no intention of venturing outside alone, other than to take Penny for brief potty breaks.
He nodded, apparently satisfied with her response, and left through the other door without speaking to her again.
She inferred from the way he left her that this room was for her use, so she spent a few moments exploring it. There was a sliding partition that led to a second room, which revealed what she assumed was a bathroom. It had the basic appearance of such, though the shower was more like a long, skinny tube. She would have liked to get clean, but she wasn’t certain how to work any of the mechanisms. 
Figuring out the toilet was a challenge itself, but she finally succeeded in waving her hand over the right spot to make it flush. She put her hand under what she assumed was the faucet and immediately withdrew with a shriek of surprise as orange liquid flooded over her hands. She brought one tentatively to her nose and sniffed, finding it had no smell at all. As she watched, the liquid drained off her hands, and what didn’t quickly absorbed into her skin, leaving them feeling smooth. She hoped it was a safe substance for humans, whatever it was.
She spent the next hour pacing, wondering what she was supposed to do with herself. There was nothing in the quarters that she could identify as reading material or a television, which didn’t surprise her. She doubted there were such things as television or movies any longer with the world the way it was. Maybe there was no call for books either, which saddened her.
Finally, exhaustion caught up with her, and she decided to slip into bed. All of the things Rote had packed for her and Penny were still in the cell. She’d have to try to retrieve them tomorrow, or find someone who would do so for her, but she was too tired to bother tonight. Instead, she simply stripped down to her bra and panties before sliding under the covers. The bed was surprisingly comfortable, as was the pillow, and she was usually picky about her pillows. Either that, or she was just too tired to care as she surrendered to sleep.
At some point, she started dreaming, and in her dream, DVS was in bed with her, his arms around her. She spooned with him, snuggling closer and drawing warmth from his skin and his presence. The dream left her feeling safe, and she slipped into an even deeper sleep.


Chapter Four
She woke in a cocoon of warmth, and only because Penny had nudged her with a cold nose. She muttered to the dog, “Give me a minute.”
As she started to wake up and stretch, she abruptly realized the cocoon of warmth wasn’t from the covers. The heat came from a set of sturdy arms attached to a solid male body curved behind her. She let out a startled shriek and tried to pull away, though the arms only tightened around her.
She thrashed until she managed to turn enough to see the identity of who held her, and she wasn’t certain whether to be relieved or annoyed when she saw DVS. “What are you doing in my bed?” She shouted the question before she could think better of doing so.
His eyes snapped open, and he seemed instantly alert. He also appeared unfazed by her panic. “Technically, this is my bed.”
Her mouth gaped open. “These are your quarters? Why am I here?” And why was she screeching like a banshee? She made a conscious effort to modulate her tone. “I’m confused.”
“The dog needs access to outside. There are no free quarters with outside access, so you’ll share mine.”
She frowned. “I could share Raven’s. I doubt she would mind.”
He scowled. “You’ll share mine, and that’s the end of the discussion.”
She glared at him as she wrenched away from his arms, which had loosened around her. “For someone who was born four hundred years in the future, you’re surprisingly Neanderthal-like.”
He was clearly processing that for a moment. “Primitive ancestor of humans. I comprehend the cultural connotations, and I understand the insult.” He shrugged. “Not particularly insulting to me. I’m in charge, and you must learn to follow orders like everyone else.”
She glared at him. “I’m not under your command, General.”
“Yes, you are. Consider yourself drafted.” His lips twitched as he said the words.
She rolled out of bed and turned her back on him deliberately as she quickly dressed when she realized she was still in her bra and panties. “You’re the most infuriating, irritating man I’ve ever met, and that spans the last five hundred years.”
He chuckled at that. “I have duties to which I must attend, as does Raven. When she’s finished her morning duties, I’ll ask her to come keep you company and show you around.”
“Thank you,” she said grudgingly. She didn’t look at him again as she took Penny to the exit, opening the door and stepping outside. For a moment, she was back in her old home, and she started to breathe in a breath of fresh morning air before dust stinging her eyes reminded her of reality. 
Instead, she breathed shallowly as she followed Penny up the incline. The dog was quick with her business and seemed as eager to get back inside as Carrie. She’d have to take her for a longer walk later today, to ensure the dog got exercise, but she was happy to return to the base for the moment.
When she reentered the room, there was no sign of DVS, so she went to the bathroom. On her way, she remembered she had wanted to know how to work the shower, and that was the first thought that lodged in her brain when she slid open the partition and discovered the shower tube was already occupied.
His back was toward her, and that strange orange liquid that had come out of the sink faucet rained down over his body, but couldn’t completely obscure his muscular build or taut buttocks. She wasn’t certain whether to be relieved or irritated that he wasn’t facing her so she could get a full view of everything he had to offer.
“Did you need something, Carrie?” The amusement in his tone was evident in his expression when he turned to face her.
She blinked and stumbled back, face flushing. She forced herself to keep her eyes well above his waistline, though she couldn’t quite bring herself to meet his gaze. “I’m sorry,” she said in a flustered voice. “I didn’t realize there was anyone in here. The shower doesn’t make a sound like mine would. How does it work?” 
She was afraid she was babbling, but he seemed completely unbothered by the fact that she was standing in the bathroom as he cleansed himself while completely nude. Of course he was nude. What was the point of taking a shower, even in strange orange goo, if you wore your clothes?
“Come closer, and I’ll show you.” There was a hint of challenge in his tone.
She swallowed the lump in her throat, squared her shoulders, and entered the bathroom. There was no steam, since it wasn’t running on hot water. She stood near the tube, keeping her gaze focused on his hand as he waved in front of a panel. A second later, the orange liquid stopped falling from the faucet discreetly inserted into the ceiling. Within seconds, the rest had dripped down from him and was drying into his skin. He opened the glass door, which was completely transparent and did nothing to hide his naked state, but had been at least a psychological barrier for her.
With a bleat of what she hoped sounded like outrage, but was really shock mingled with an excitement she didn’t like, she turned and fled from the bathroom before she could see all of his body.
Liar, whispered a voice in the back of her mind. She had gotten an eyeful as she had turned. She had seen everything, albeit briefly, and it was enough to leave her heart racing and her face flushed with more arousal than embarrassment.
When he emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later, he wore black fitted pants and a matching vest. She kept her eyes averted from him as he crossed the room, not speaking even when he parted with a knowing, “I’ll see you later, Carrie.” 
As he departed, she wondered what he was implying. Was he referring to the fact that he would see her since they shared a room, or did he mean he would see her in a more intimate fashion, as she had just observed him? She wasn’t certain, and even worse, she didn’t know which meaning she wanted him to be transmitting to her. The cyborg general left her flustered and confused, with a sharp edge of horny as well, darn it. Just what had Freydon Rote gotten her into?
***
What had Rote been thinking when he brought Carrie to him? DVS turned over the question in his mind as he made his way to the command room, barely resisting the urge to snicker as he recalled the encounter in the bathroom. She had tried so hard to maintain an aloof, unaffected exterior, but he’d seen how rattled she was, both by his nudity, and his casual acceptance of her presence while he was in the shower. He hated to admit that it would probably be fun to tease a reaction from her. It was something he could get used to doing, which should have alarmed him more than it did. 
Was he really considering the idea of taking an interest in the human? Had he already discarded his unwavering certainty that Rote had been wrong when he had identified Carrie as his mate? He had no answer, and he had to shove aside the thoughts when he entered the command room. He couldn’t afford to be distracted, or JSN would certainly seize on the opportunity to tease him unmercifully. 
He had a feeling MX would ride his ass about the whole thing too, though he was going to quickly shut that down if the younger cyborg tried. He was still the general, and while he would tolerate a certain amount of dissent in opinion, the final decisions rested with him.
***
In less than an hour, Penny was pacing in front of the door again and making it clear she needed another break. Carrie walked over to let her out, a little surprised at the dog’s clearly urgent need. As she watched, Penny scampered up the hill—though scampered wasn’t quite the right word. There was a definite drag in her step compared to her usual vivacity. 
After a moment, Carrie chuckled. “You’ve been getting too many treats, sweetie.” Penny had clearly put on some weight, and she hadn’t noticed until now. Well, the dog was likely to get extra exercise going up and down this incline every time she needed to potty. For that matter, Carrie was going to get some herself.
Just as Penny finished her business, two cyborgs crested the hill from the other side. She didn’t recognize them from dinner the previous evening, but there had been so many cyborgs in the room that she hadn’t had a chance to commit many of the faces to memory, or associate a designation with most of them. 
She tried a tentative smile as they got closer, but their scowls didn’t lighten. A faint stirring of fear filled her, and she called Penny to her, feeling the urge to return to the safety of DVS’s quarters. Before she could, the two cyborgs stepped in front and behind her, keeping her from moving. Penny was pressed against her leg, and the dog started growling. Carrie reached down to stroke her head, trying to reassure her fur baby that everything was all right. She wished she could believe that herself.
They just stared at her for a long moment, arms crossed over their chest as they seemed to appraise her, their scorn clearly visible. When she tried to step around the one blocking her path back to the entrance to the general’s quarters, the one in front of her stepped deliberately in her way. He matched her steps when she took a step the other way as well.
She glared up at him. “Move out of my way and let me pass.” She tried to sound fierce, but she was afraid the slight tremor in her voice gave away her fear.
“We were trying to figure out what the general might want with a human female.”
She shrugged, not bothering to answer.
“We understand you were supposedly thrust upon him, but he didn’t have to bring you back to our secret base.” That came from the one behind her.
She didn’t bother to look at him as she stared off to the side. She would have liked to look over the shoulder of the cyborg in front of her, but he was too tall for that. “I wasn’t given any choice in the matter either.”
“But you’d betray us the first chance you got,” said the one in front of her.
Carrie rolled her eyes. “To whom would I betray you? I don’t even know where any other humans are around here. I have no stake in this fight.”
“That’s a lie,” said the cyborg behind her. “You’re a human, and you would side with them.”
“The only wise thing to do is to get rid of you before you can betray our location. If the general won’t do it, we have to.” The one in front of her took a menacing step forward as he said the words.
She swallowed the lump in her throat, looking for a way out as the cyborg behind her crowded her closer to the one in front of her. “I’m not going to tell anyone anything. I don’t even know where I am. I don’t know where anything is, and I doubt any of the landscape is the same as it was four hundred years ago.”
The cyborg in front of her made a scoffing sound. “Four hundred years? The general might fall for that, but we don’t believe it. We’re certain you’re a spy, and your peach alien buddy is no more than a sophisticated synthetic. We’re going to do what’s best for everyone.”
She braced herself as he lifted a hand, uncertain if he was going to grab her, strike her, or do something else. She let out a small shriek when nothing happened, other than the cyborg recoiling as he cursed, cradling his hand. 
It took her a moment to realize someone had injured him in some fashion. She turned her head, expecting it to be the one behind her, though completely confused why he would betray his comrade. It was even more surprising to see MX409 standing off to the side, holding a sleek silver weapon.
“Why did you do that, MX409?” asked the cyborg in front of her as he lifted his hand, staring in disbelief at the hole centered in the palm. “That will take hours to heal.”
“That’s too bad,” said MX with a marked lack of sympathy. “Consider it the price you pay so that I don’t report this incident to the general. He has given clear instructions that the human is to be protected, and you violated orders. If it were something important, I would report you. As it stands now, if you walk away from her, this stays between us.”
“She’ll tell the general,” said the one behind her as he jabbed her sharply between the shoulder blades with something pointed. Was it a weapon like MX’s, or just his finger?
She gritted her teeth as pain arced up and down her spine, refusing to look at him or ask him to stop. She certainly wasn’t going to promise not to tell DVS what had happened. She owed nothing to the two who had attacked her. Even though it hadn’t progressed beyond verbal and the one sharp jab, so far, it was clear what their intent had been. They had plainly and bluntly told her what they were going to do to her to protect their base’s location.
“Again, that’s not my problem,” said MX coolly. “It will become my problem if you don’t walk away now.”
“There’re two of us,” said the one in front of her. He flexed his injured hand as he spoke, and his eyes flashed with silver for a moment.
“That might be, but you both know I’m a far better shot than you are. That’s why I’m the general’s third in command despite the fact I’m one of the youngest cyborgs. Do you want to go up against me?”
“I can’t believe you’d betray us for a human,” said the one behind her.
“I’m not. I couldn’t care less about the human. If it were up to me, I’d let you do what you wanted. Orders stand, and unlike humans, I know how to follow them and be honorable. Have you forgotten how to do that?”
Carrie was surprised by the way the one in front of her seemed humbled all of a sudden. His shoulders slumped forward, and he bent his head slightly. “You’re right, MX409. We will accept full disciplinary measures when the human reports this.”
“We were only doing it to protect everyone,” said the one behind her.
“But we were doing it dishonorably,” said the one in front of her. He shook his head before looking at MX. “He’s right. Let’s go, CCL.”
“Don’t use my designation. She doesn’t know who we are yet.”
The one in front of her just shrugged and turned away. Carrie held her breath as she waited to see if the one behind her would back up. After what seemed like forever, he finally took a step back and then another, and then he joined his partner. 
She watched them walk away as she backed toward the entrance to DVS’s quarters. Penny was at her side, still growling low in her throat, though the growls were fading as the other two moved away. The dog didn’t completely relax when it was just her and MX, but she was clearly less afraid. Taking her cue from the dog, she nodded at MX. “Thank you.”
He put away his weapon before giving her an impassive stare. “I didn’t do it for you, human.” The word was full of loathing. “As I told them, I was following orders.”
With a shrug, she said, “Nevertheless, thank you, regardless of your reasons.” He didn’t speak again, and she didn’t attempt to as she turned around and hurried the dog back into the quarters. 
It was a relief to have the hydraulic door close behind her with its customary hiss, and as she collapsed against the hard surface, she drew in several deep breaths. “I hope you don’t need to go out again any time soon,” she said to Penny. The dog wagged at her before shuffling across the room to lie down on a blanket she had placed on the floor the night before.
The other door chirped, and she jumped in surprise, letting out a little yelp. Her nerves still hadn’t calmed from the encounter with the two cyborgs, and it made her more cautious as she approached the door. She wished she knew how to see who was on the other side, but she wasn’t even certain if the door offered that function. What she wouldn’t give for a peephole. Raising her voice, she almost shouted to ensure she was heard. “Who is it?”
“It’s Raven. I thought you might like a tour of the base, and the general said that would be fine.”
She released a shaky breath before putting her palm on the door to grant the cyborg entrance. She tried to smile, though she wasn’t really feeling it yet. “That sounds nice, and maybe it will be good to get out of the room.” Her heart wasn’t in it as she said the words, because right then all she wanted to do was hide in the safety—or at least perceived safety—of DVS’s room.
Raven frowned at her. “What troubles you? Your pulse is above normal parameters, as is your body temperature. Are you frightened? Or are you ill?”
Releasing a shaky sigh, Carrie quickly told Raven about what had happened. As she spoke, the other woman’s mouth tightened further with each word.
“Forget the tour. We’re going straight to the general.”
Carrie shook her head. “I will tell him, but there’s no need to bother him right now. I’m safe enough with you, and Max interceded.”
“Max?”
“MX409,” she quickly substituted. “I’m not used to calling people by letters and numbers, so I guess I just made him Max in my mind.”
Raven nodded. “I understand. I just don’t think he’ll like the designation. He’s not very fond of humans.”
Carrie chuckled. “I figured that out for myself, which was why I was so surprised when he stepped in.”
Raven shrugged. “He might not like you or trust you, but he’ll follow DVS’s orders. Safety is his primary concern, but he’s also an honorable male.”
“Whatever his reasons were for interceding, I’m grateful. Now, are you ready for that tour?”
Raven nodded, glancing at Penny. “Will she come?”
Carrie looked at her dog, who was resting. “Penny, do you want to go for a walk?”
Penny thumped her tail, but made no other attempt to move. Carrie shook her head. “Apparently, she’s having a lazy day. She might be safer here anyway.”
It took two hours for Raven to show her the major parts of the base, and it was far larger than she had anticipated. That was mainly to due to the fact a great deal of it was underground. The upper layer just looked like an abandoned installation, which was probably how the cyborgs had hidden their presence. 
When she asked how they remained hidden, Raven had mentioned scramblers and a sophisticated security system. When she had tried to explain it, Carrie’s head quickly started pounding, and she’d pretended to understand what the cyborg was telling her without any true grasp of it. She wasn’t an idiot by any means, but the technology was far more advanced than what she knew from her time.
At first, she was aware of gazes on her, and it felt like each one was unfriendly, but as the afternoon progressed, it became clear that she was no longer a novelty. While she didn’t feel exactly welcome, Carrie wasn’t afraid of everyone around her as she might have been after the encounter with the two cyborgs earlier in the day.
After Raven had shown her everything, Carrie returned to the room to fetch her bag of crochet, which had somehow survived the transition from her time to this one and had been placed in DVS’s quarters along with her other bags. 
Penny lumbered to her feet and made a slow trek outside before returning immediately to her blanket. Carrie was a little concerned about her, and she briefly wondered if there was such a thing as time travel sickness. Just because she hadn’t experienced it didn’t mean the dog couldn’t or wouldn’t, since her physiology was different enough to allow for the possibility. 
After patting her on the head and checking her over without finding any visible signs of illness, she returned to Raven, who was waiting in the hallway for her. “You mentioned something about sunlight?”
Raven nodded, leading the way down the corridor. Carrie tried to memorize the route, and she gasped when they stepped into a huge antechamber a few minutes later. They were definitely still underground, but this looked just like a garden. Way above, she could make out what she assumed were artificial lights, because it seemed to be where the sunlight was coming from, and having been out with Penny, she already knew from experience that the sun didn’t shine that brightly outside. It was hazy due to the blowing wind and dust in the air. “What is this place?”
“It’s the atrium. It’s where we grow food, and the lights perfectly mimic the optimal ratio of UVA and UVB rays to stimulate photosynthesis.”
She was enthralled by all the greenery around her. Most of it was identifiably food, though there were a few trees that did double duty by also providing shade. They also grew fruit and nuts, and she moved to one to touch its bark experimentally. It felt like any other tree. “All of this is real?”
Raven frowned. “Do you have the ability to replicate plant life in your time?”
She shook her head. “Genetic modification, but nothing like this. It’s like an indoor garden or something.” Her words weren’t eloquent, and she couldn’t adequately describe the space. There were literally acres upon acres, and she wondered why they’d had such an unappealing meal the night before. 
When she asked, Raven said, “They serve the protein mixture with every meal. Algae is our main source of protein here, though quinoa has all nine amino acids of protein as well. There are usually supplemental fruits and vegetables along with the meal, but your arrival set everyone off schedule yesterday. We tightened security, anticipating an attack, so no one worked kitchen duty. Tonight’s meal should be more satisfactory.”
That reminded her that she hadn’t eaten since they had made a brief stop by the Mess Hall earlier for what Raven had called a protein bar. It had looked like the same slurry from last night, but baked into a hardened bar, and it had tasted the same too. That had led Carrie to naturally assume it was the only source of sustenance for the group. She was relieved to hear otherwise.
Looking up, she saw a juicy peach, and she reached for it, but hesitated before picking it. “Is it all right if I have one?”
Raven hesitated for a moment, and then she nodded. “Everything’s carefully rationed, but I think it’s okay if you have one.”
Carrie let her hand drop without picking the fruit. “No, I won’t do that. I don’t want to throw off someone’s count, and I don’t deserve special treatment.”
Raven frowned at her. “You’re the general’s mate, and you’re human. Why wouldn’t you deserve special treatment?”
Carrie just smiled at her, unable to explain why it felt wrong to try to take advantage of the situation, even if taking advantage was only helping herself to one peach. Instead, she settled down on the grass beside the tree and opened her bag. “If you have duties to attend to, you don’t have to babysit me.”
Raven ignored the words as she sat down on the grass beside her, looking slightly puzzled as she did so. “I have no duties today except to be your companion. General DVS assigned me the duty.”
For some reason, the words stung, and she quickly realized it was because it implied that Raven hadn’t wanted to spend time with her. She’d been assigned to do so. Carrie cleared her throat and blinked away the blur of moisture in her eyes, trying not to take it personally. 
Why would Raven want to spend time with her when they were strangers? It was better in a way that the cyborg had been assigned the duty, because otherwise, she might simply be seeking out Carrie’s company because Carrie was a curiosity to Raven. She didn’t want to be that either.
“I asked him though. He said it would be okay, and spending time with you is a lot more fun than cleaning munitions, which was my scheduled duty for the day.”
Carrie chuckled. “I guess I’m flattered to be more exciting than cleaning guns.”
Raven didn’t seem to be offended by her words, and she clearly didn’t detect any hint of snark. She just beamed at her as her gaze moved to Carrie’s hands. “What are you doing?”
“It’s called crochet. I was working on a baby blanket for my coworker’s daughter, who will be born soon, but I guess I won’t be giving it to her now.”
“Will you teach me how to do it?”
“Of course.” As Carrie walked her through it, another cyborg joined them. At first, she was tense as he stood over them, his expression difficult to read. Abruptly, he dropped onto the ground beside them, looking unsettled by the position as he spoke to Raven instead of her.
“What are you doing, RVN?”
“Raven,” she corrected, not missing a stitch. “It’s called crochet. It’s a human craft Carrie’s teaching me.”
After a moment, the large cyborg nodded decisively. “I would also like to learn, human female.”
His manners could use some work, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her from fulfilling his request. Carrie handed him another hook and a skein of yarn, mildly amusing herself by giving him a baby-pink color. He didn’t seem to mind or notice as he studiously focused on making his first attempts at a chain stitch.
An hour passed in nearly companionable silence, although they occasionally asked her input on something. She was surprised when another cyborg joined them, but by the time four more had gathered around, all wanting to learn crochet, she was no longer startled by their interest. She was taking it in stride, though she was concerned she would soon run out of crochet hooks. 
She only had three left. Yarn would be a concern as well if they continued to want to crochet. She had a few skeins left, shoved deep into the bottom of her bag, which held a substantial amount, but it wouldn’t be enough to keep a bevy of cyborgs supplied if they chose to continue crocheting.
Her stomach was growling softly when one of the cyborgs abruptly announced that dinner was starting. She showed them how to wrap and store their projects and promised she would return to the same spot tomorrow for anyone who wanted to join her. After that, she and Raven went straight to the dining hall. She would take Penny a plate after they had their meal, since she didn’t want to be late or delay the start of dinner. It was probably sheer hubris on her part to assume they might wait for her anyway, but she was trying not to inconvenience anyone with her presence.
She took a seat beside Raven, and they were deep in conversation when a hand fell on her shoulder. She looked up in surprise, though she knew the touch even before she saw DVS. She wasn’t certain how, but her body recognized him. She gave him an uncertain smile. “Hello, General.”
He nodded just once. “You sit with me.”
She was surprised and startled by the decree, but didn’t argue as she stood up and walked behind him to take a seat at his table. She was secretly pleased that he had made an effort to include her, even if his phrasing could have used a little more asking and a lot less telling.
“Have you had a good day?”
She nodded, and then hesitated as she recalled the incident of the morning. “Mostly, but not entirely. I’ll tell you about it later.”
He frowned at her. “You’ll tell me what has upset you now.”
Carrie shook her head. “Now’s not the time, but I will tell you when we’re back in your quarters.”
He glared at her, crossing his arms over his massive chest. “Tell me what happened now.”
She glared at him as she crossed her arms in a similar fashion. “No. I’ll tell you later.”
He let out a sigh of frustration, his gaze clearly reflecting the emotion as well. “I’m not used to having my commands countered.”
She gave him an overly sweet smile. “And I’m not used to following commands. I guess we’ll both have to adjust.” Without another word, she deliberately turned away from him to inquire how JSN’s day had been.
If he was surprised by her conversation attempts, he didn’t show it. The second-in-command simply launched into a detailed explanation of how they had identified another synthetic manufacturing facility.
“I see.” She didn’t really understand, but she wasn’t going to try to untangle the technology he’d mentioned. “What will you do with that information?”
“We’ll attack tomorrow,” said JSN in a level tone that betrayed neither anxiety nor anticipation.
The sheer matter-of-factness of his words startled her. “Attack? You mean you’re going into battle?”
He shrugged. “Of course. The more manufacturing facilities we destroy, the fewer synthetics there are to fight.”
“The humans will continue to produce more, but it’s worth our time to destroy facilities as we can,” added MX.
She turned to DVS. “Won’t you be in danger?”
He arched a dark brow. “There’s always an element of danger in battle, but it can’t be helped.”
“What if you’re injured? Or killed?” She honestly meant to refer to all of them, but it was the thought of losing DVS that actually sent a sharp pang through her chest. “Wouldn’t it be better to wait?”
He frowned. “Wait for what?”
She hesitated for a moment and then shrugged. “I don’t know. I just don’t like the idea of you—all of you—going out there and doing things like that. There has to be a way to end the war that doesn’t require fighting.”
“Don’t be naïve,” snapped MX.
“There’s always the transmission,” said Raven, raising her voice to be heard from the other table. That made it clear that the conversation she’d been having with DVS, JSN, and MX had been, in reality, with the entire room.
“What transmission?” asked Carrie.
“It’s nothing,” said DVS with an air of finality. “More human trickery. It’s simply a trap that we won’t fall into.”
Raven seemed like she wanted to say something more, but she fell silent. Peripherally, Carrie saw the stern gaze the general directed toward her friend to ensure her silence. She let the subject drop for the moment, but she would ask her about it when she had Raven alone again.
After that, conversation turned to strategy for the event tomorrow, and she let her thoughts wander. She didn’t want to know specifics or think about what they were going to be doing, because it made it all too real. She couldn’t explain why the thought of losing DVS was so devastating, other than she had no other allies here, but it was more than that. 
For one thing, she clearly had an ally in Raven, and while she would be devastated if her friend was injured or killed, she didn’t think it would be quite as soul-destroying as the idea of losing DVS—the cyborg she barely knew, and certainly wasn’t anything like a mate, despite Rote’s claims that they were fated to be together.
After dinner, she said goodbye to Raven and walked with DVS back to his quarters. She wasn’t certain how she would entertain herself, but she didn’t assume he would be there with her. He would probably walk her back and leave her there, but not before demanding an explanation for the morning. 
She’d be happy to provide it for him, and even happier to have his company as she took Penny out if he would stay around long enough to go with her. She didn’t like being afraid of venturing outside, but it wasn’t like taking a walk around the block of her old house. She didn’t know what else was out there, especially after dark, but she knew there were cyborgs who wanted to harm her, so that was reason enough to be sensible and take an escort with her whenever possible.
When they returned to the room, she set down the plate she had brought Penny in front of the dog and frowned when Penny didn’t even wag her tail or sniff at it. “It’s much better than last night, girl. There’s still that protein quinoa stuff, but there are some stewed tomatoes and zucchini as well. I know you like zucchini.”
Penny looked up at her, giving her a brief tail wag, but she didn’t move.
Carrie got on her knees, crouching beside the dog, and fear made her heart stutter when she realized Penny was breathing heavily. She was lying on her side, and her stomach was distended. When she whimpered softly, Carrie stroked her forehead, running her fingers through the silky fur as she tried not to succumb to panic. “She’s sick.”
The general was there beside her in a moment, kneeling down to join her. “What’s wrong with her?”
She shook her head. “I don’t know. I thought maybe she was a little sick from time travel or something. I don’t know. Maybe there’s some kind of bacteria or virus that’s uncommon in our era. Surely it would be too soon to be making her ill though?”
Whatever the problem, Penny was clearly in distress. Tears came to Carrie’s eyes, and she couldn’t fight them back. “I can’t lose her. She’s like my baby. There’s no vet here. If she dies, I’m going to kill Freydon Rote.”
At least he didn’t point out the unlikelihood of ever seeing the peach alien again. Instead, DVS put an arm around her shoulders and pulled her closer. “I’ll send for OWN112.”
She blinked, looking away from Penny’s heaving sides to meet the General’s gaze. “Who’s that?”
“He’s our healer. A lot of our maintenance systems are self-repairing and self-replicating, but he knows how to use the equipment we have available to regenerate parts that require extra assistance, which address trauma situations to prevent cyborgs from dying before they can heal themselves. Perhaps he can help the dog.”
She clung to the hope, though she wasn’t overly optimistic that a cyborg healer would have enough knowledge about canine physiology to help. When she expressed the doubt, she couldn’t quite look at her dog as she said it. “He won’t know enough to help her.”
DVS surprised her by cupping her chin, tilting her head up to meet his gaze. “We have access to an abundance of data in our databanks. Everything the humans knew that survived the attack sixty years ago is in our databanks and accessible. He can quickly become an expert on canine physiology. The question will be if we have what’s needed to help her. All we can do is try.”
She bit her lip and nodded. “Yes, please. Do anything you can for her, DVS.”
She was vaguely aware of him moving away from her and speaking into the intercom system near the door. She didn’t hear a loud speaker announcement, so she assumed he must have connected directly to whomever he was searching for. She forgot the designation already. OWN-something, but that was all she could remember. Her attention remained focused on Penny, who was clearly struggling. The dog turned away from the food she put on her finger to bring to her mouth, refusing to lick it off. It wasn’t like the lab to refuse food.
Her worry was at a fever pitch by the time the hydraulic door hissed a few moments later, and a new cyborg stepped inside. He had the same light blue skin with the luminescent vascular system as the other cyborgs, but he was unusual compared to most, with his pink eyes and white hair. She briefly speculated he’d had albinism before becoming a cyborg. 
All speculation fled as he sat down beside her dog on the floor a moment later, holding some kind of device in his hand that he ran over her. She held her breath, continuing to pet Penny in a soothing fashion, until the tension was so thick that she exhaled raggedly. “Is she dying?”
OWN-something held up a finger, but didn’t answer for a moment as he studied the device in his hands. After a moment, he said, “Negative. She’s in labor.”
Carrie blinked. “Labor? You mean, like puppies? She’s having babies?” She was familiar with the concept, of course, but to her knowledge, Penny had never had the opportunity to get pregnant. She wasn’t fixed, since she had been a private rescue from an ad on Craigslist, and Carrie hadn’t gotten around to taking her to the vet for the surgery. 
She frowned as she tried to recall an instance where Penny might have had the opportunity to conceive. She was certain it hadn’t been with her, but perhaps the dogwalker, who came by to take Penny out once per day with his other group of dogs, had been less than careful and hadn’t bothered to mention to Carrie that Penny had committed an indiscretion.
She laughed as a wave of relief swept through her. “She’s going to be all right then.”
The healer nodded. “She might require surgical assistance. The pups are larger than she might be able to handle.”
A new round of anxiety seized her, and she briefly tightened her hand in the dog’s fur. “Can you do the surgery if you need to?”
After only a brief hesitation, OWN nodded. “I’m certain I can. It seems to be a relatively straightforward procedure, and all knowledge is accessible via the databanks. There are no gaps in available data, which sometimes happens due to system degradation or corruption of the file source.”
She breathed a sigh of relief. “When will we know if she needs surgery?”
“We’ll observe her for now, and she should be delivering her first pup within the next half-hour or so. If she appears to be in distress, I’ll perform surgery.”
She was grateful that the healer stayed beside Penny for the next twenty minutes without speaking, his device constantly scanning her condition. She would have preferred to have the familiar vet they saw back home, but at least there was someone who seemed competent to handle the situation. That was all she could ask for—that, and Penny’s safe delivery of hopefully healthy pups. She was excited to see the forthcoming babies, hoping she could identify the breed of the father.
At twenty-four minutes after he had started monitoring her, OWN sighed. “The first pup appears stuck in the birth canal. I’ll have to operate, so I need to get her to the medical center.” He looked up at DVS. “Do you think you can carry her, General? She needs to stay as still as possible and not be frightened.”
DVS nodded, looking confident as he bent down to join them. He’d stayed nearby, but not hovering, though Carrie realized she wouldn’t have minded if he had hovered a bit, as long as he’d allowed her to focus on Penny.
With seemingly no effort at all, he lifted her large dog in his arms, holding her as steady and straight as possible. Carrie suspected she was superfluous, but she braced Penny’s head as they walked quickly, but steadily, out of the quarters and followed the healer.
A few minutes later, DVS placed Penny on the table, and the healer sedated her. At first, Carrie planned to remain at Penny’s side, but she started to feel a little queasy at the sight of blood and turned away. DVS’s arm around her waist provided necessary support, and she leaned against him as she listened to the procedure, but couldn’t bring herself to watch.
“That’s the seventh,” said OWN less than twenty minutes later. He had laid all the pups out on the table beside their mother, and she was enthralled when she turned to look at them. They were still wet from birth, and she immediately joined OWN in cleaning and drying them off with soft absorbent cloths. The pups were all groggy, and the healer divulged that was from the anesthetic he had used to put out Penny. He showed her how to stimulate them enough to get them to latch on, and soon all seven were nursing, though with a touch of lethargy.
She eyed them with concern. “Will they make it?”
The healer nodded. “The data supports we did all the necessary steps, and all vital signs seem nominal. Once the anesthesia clears their systems, mother and babies should be fine. They’ll need to rest here tonight, and I’ll monitor them periodically. You should return to your quarters and rest as well. I suspect you’ll have a busy day tomorrow caring for the canine. She won’t be as mobile as usual.”
“Her name is Penny,” she said offhandedly. Now that the crisis had passed somewhat, she knelt down to look closer at the pups. “Does your device tell you what kind of dog they are?”
He frowned at her. “There are three males and four females.”
She shook her head. “Never mind.” It was difficult to tell, as young as they were, but she was certain there was definitely some St. Bernard in the mix. No wonder her poor Penny had struggled to give birth. She stroked her head, wanting to insist on staying, but also knowing Penny was in good hands. 
DVS had his hand around her wrist, and it was obvious he was going to insist she leave the medical center. She could have dug in her heels and protested, but a wave of exhaustion swept over her right then, and she swayed against him instead. Still, she resisted moving until she looked at OWN. “You’ll call me if something happens? I want to be here with her if there are complications, or if…” She trailed off, unable to say the words she feared.
OWN went up even higher in her estimation, because he didn’t look at the general for confirmation before he nodded. “Of course, Carrie.” He seemed to have a little trouble saying her name, but it was unlikely to be due to the simple syllables. It probably just sounded wrong to him, or perhaps even disrespectful, if he perceived her to be the general’s mate.
She couldn’t stop herself from reaching out to touch his hand in a thankful gesture, and her eyes widened when DVS let out a little growl under his breath. She shot him a repressive look before turning back to the healer. “Thank you for everything. I don’t know what I’d do without her.”
He nodded again, but didn’t speak.
A moment later, DVS was pulling her from the room, and her tired legs were having difficulty keeping up. When she registered her protest, he simply grunted and bent over to swing her over his shoulder, carrying her firefighter-style.
“Put me down. I can walk.” She was embarrassed, but also relieved when they didn’t cross paths with other cyborgs as they made their way back to his quarters.
“You’re about to fall asleep on your feet. Rote entrusted me with your welfare, and I’ll see to that. Prepare yourself for bed and sleep.”
She glared at him as he finally set her on her feet inside his quarters. “You don’t have to be so bossy. I can take care of myself.”
He surprised her by nodding. “I’m certain you can, but now that you’re here, and I’ve accepted responsibility for you, there’s no need to do so. It pleases me to take care of you.” The admission seemed grudging, but he didn’t try to call it back or look away from her.
Her stiff-lipped glare softened into a slight smile. “I appreciate that, but I really can make my own decisions.”
“Then I hope you decide it’s time for bed. You look exhausted.”
She barely kept from grinning, because it was obvious it cost him a great deal of control not to phrase it as an order. Since he was trying, and since she was so tired that she was forced to agree, albeit silently, she just nodded. “I could use some sleep.”
Carrie didn’t realize just how emotionally and physically exhausted she was until a huge yawn escaped her. With a decisive nod, he steered her toward the bed, and she didn’t bother protesting. 
Even when he helped her remove her shoes, she allowed him to do so. With a considerable expenditure of effort, she managed to unzip and unsnap her jeans before sliding them down herself. After that, she allowed herself to fall face forward onto the bed, snuggling under the blanket and hugging the pillow. She was briefly aware of his fingers ghosting across her cheek, and she managed a small smile before sleep overtook her.


Chapter Five
Carrie was certain she was dreaming, but couldn’t seem to wake up enough to stop the parade of images in her head. She was driving the car, just as she had in reality, but things were different in the dream. In addition to her parents in the backseat, her grandmother was in the passenger side, and Penny was squeezed between her parents. 
She was driving the same sedan she had driven during the accident, but the dream had distorted it and allowed more room in the back. There was a third row of seats, and her best friend from high school, along with her second boyfriend from college, sat together talking, though they had never known each other in real life.
Unlike reality, Carrie was driving recklessly and laughing hysterically as she swerved around the road in her dream. She clutched the steering wheel tighter, trying to wake up, but unable to stop the progression of events in the dream world as the tire drifted off the road, sending them plunging over a cliff. Carrie’s maniacal laugh was still ringing in her ears as the car slammed into the landscape before bursting into flames.
She woke with a scream trapped in her throat, and her heart racing in her ears. At first, she thought she was pinned, having been caught in debris from the accident, before reality slowly returned. The only thing pinning her was DVS’s weight as his body sprawled across hers. Her eyes opened fully, and she was aware enough to realize he was leaning over her with an expression of concern. She just stared at him for a moment, unable to summon the ability to speak.
“Are you all right? Your heart rate has risen considerably. Are you ill?”
“I watched them all die. I killed them and laughed while I did it.”
He blinked, clearly startled by her words. “You killed someone?” He sounded dubious.
After a moment, Carrie let out a shaky breath before drawing in another and repeating the process. Finally, when some of her calm had been restored, she let out a final breath before speaking. “No, I didn’t kill anyone. It was my dream. I was driving a car, and it was full of everyone I love and have lost, including Penny. I know I haven’t lost her, but I’m sure the fear of doing so is what spurred the dream. It had a dose of reality too.”
He was still frowning, and his weight still pressed her into the bed, but it was soothing rather than confining. “Tell me about your dream.” He phrased it like a command, as though she would instantly comply.
Maybe she should have resented the tone, but she was still feeling shaky. “My grandmother was in the passenger seat, my parents were in the back with Penny between them, and my best friend from high school and ex-boyfriend were in the very back. They’re all gone, except Penny. I had nothing to do with any of their deaths, though marginally my parents.”
His skepticism was obvious. “You were implicated in the death of your parents?”
She let out a shaky laugh, but immediately stopped as she recalled the maniacal sound that had issued from the dream version of her. It was still enough to send chills down her spine. 
“No, of course not. I was the one driving during the accident though. I was taking them to the airport, because they were going on their second honeymoon. It was the summer before my sophomore year of college, and I was supposed to be dropping them off, so they were both riding in the backseat. It had rained heavily, but we thought everything was clear, so they didn’t want to delay their trip. The tires hydroplaned, I lost control, and we slammed into a telephone pole. My father died instantly, and my mother passed away a few hours later in the hospital. Of course I still feel some guilt from that, and I miss them every day, but I also know it was an accident. I definitely had nothing to do with my grandmother’s death, or my friend’s or boyfriend’s. Grandmother had a stroke when I was thirteen, but we had been very close.”
“And the others?”
“Shelley died from an aneurysm during a swim meet. No one had known about its existence until it burst, and she bled out before she could be saved. We were seventeen.” She maintained an aloof quality to her voice as she recounted the experiences, not willing to be sucked back into the paralyzing grief that had gripped her in the wake of losing the people she had loved.
“And the boyfriend?”
Was she imagining a hint of jealousy in his tone? Surely it was just projection from her wishful thinking. “Gary was an addict, though I didn’t know that until he died from an overdose. He kept it well hidden. We were semi-serious, and we had talked about our future, but he wasn’t the love of my life. I still miss him though.”
He sounded gruff when he spoke. “I miss my family as well. They’ve been gone for many years now, and I hadn’t seen them since I was turned into a cyborg, but there’s still a sense of loss despite many of my memories being erased during the conversion process.”
She nodded as her gaze caught his, and the moment of empathy lengthened. She wasn’t certain who reached for the other first, but suddenly her arms were around his neck, and his arms held her tightly against his chest. It started out as a hug of comfort, but quickly escalated to something more. When his mouth slanted over hers, staking a claim in an almost punishing fashion, she didn’t resist or try to pull away. She had no desire to do anything except curl closer, soften her lips, and part them to allow his questing tongue inside.
His hands roamed over her back, pressing her closer as one hand moved higher to bury in her hair. He grasped a handful and tugged gently, pulling her head back to reveal her neck. His lips sought out the tender spot at the bend of her shoulder, and she moaned softly when he nipped the area.
Carrie let her hands wander where they wanted, stroking his skin, which felt exactly like she would expect. She wasn’t certain which parts were real, and which were synthetic, but she couldn’t discern a difference. Running her fingers over the luminescent veins, she discovered they weren’t raised, and they felt no different than other veins under his skin. 
He was exotic, yet strangely mundane, just like her. The juxtaposition fueled her hunger, and she shifted position so she could sit on his lap. Locking her thighs around his waist, she clamped her arms around him and just held him for a moment as he continued sucking on her neck.
His mouth drifted lower, and she squeaked with surprise when he lifted her upward, holding her seemingly without any difficulty at all as he brought his mouth level with her breasts by holding her off his lap and simultaneously barely bending his head. Her small breasts were full and heavy with desire, and her nipples were hard buds of almost pain due to her excitement. She let out a shuddering moan when his mouth fastened around the first nipple, his tongue delicately probing the perimeter of the puffed bud before his mouth tightened, and he began to suck hard enough to make her moan and thrash against him. 
His mouth moved to her other breast, and she clenched her fingers, nails digging into his shoulders as she arched her back and let her hair fall with careless abandon and tried to seek relief by arching her hips. There was nothing to provide stimulation, and she wanted him inside her.
At first, she was certain he’d read her mind when he abruptly flipped their position so she was lying on her back again. She parted her thighs and reached for him, hand groping for his cock as she planned to help guide him inside her. He proved elusive as his mouth moved farther down her body, tongue circling her abdomen before going lower. 
Her arousal increased in anticipation, making her wetter than ever as his mouth settled over her folds, and his tongue plunged inside to taste her. It was like a spark of electricity shot through her, and she reached blindly for an anchor, grasping his head. 
His short haircut allowed no purchase for her fingers, and the bristly texture tickled her palm, but it wasn’t enough to distract her from the pleasure coursing through her as his mouth moved over her in an exquisite choreography of movements that soon brought her to the edge of orgasm. 
She thrust frantically against him, lifting her hips as she sought relief. He granted it with a sudden sharp thrust of his tongue deep inside her, which he wiggled in a way that sent shudders through her as her walls tightened around him, and she climaxed.
He let out a grunt, and it was difficult to tell if it was one of pleasure, pure male satisfaction, or even impatience to be inside her. She was too caught up in a wave of ecstasy to try to analyze its meaning. There was no need to anyway, because a moment later, he had shifted again so that he was sprawling atop her. This time, when she reached for his shaft, she found it easily at hand. 
Carrie squeezed the length and girth of him, eyes widened at what she found. She’d seen him in the shower, but seeing hadn’t completely prepared her for the first touch and feel of his heavy length in her palm.
With a deep breath, she guided the head toward her opening, and as soon as his cock breached her, he slid fully inside. She let out a soft moan, temporarily torn between intense pleasure and a shock of pain at the rapid and sudden intrusion. As he withdrew and started thrusting again, any hint of pain faded away as her body accommodated him. 
She strove to meet each of his thrusts with one of her own, trying to maintain the rhythm he set, though her post-orgasmic haze didn’t allow for much thought or focus. All she could do was cling tightly to him and allow instinct to guide her as their bodies joined together, his cock filling every inch of her and sending quivers of pleasure deep into her womb with each thrust.
He had amazing stamina and control, giving her two orgasms before he finally surrendered to his own. With a shout that was likely loud enough to be heard down the entire corridor, his shaft tightened inside her further before it spasmed, releasing splashes of his hot fluid inside her. He was definitely warmer than the last lover she recalled, but not unpleasantly so. Other than his faintly blue skin and luminescent veins, there was nothing to set him apart from an average man, except for his size and ability to maintain control.
Afterward, she curled against him and allowed the still rapid beat of his heart to lull her back to sleep. This time, there were no nightmares.

***
After the intense experience of the night before, it was disheartening to wake alone and find his side of the bed appeared undisturbed. He must have left quite a while ago, because there was no imprint in the mattress or the pillow to show he had been there. With a sigh, she stretched and then winced at an unfamiliar strain between her legs. She hadn’t had a workout like that…well, ever. After spending the night with DVS, she was more convinced than ever that Freydon Rote had been right about the pairing between them.
She was also certain she couldn’t go on calling him DVS unless he insisted upon it. It felt too cold and impersonal after the night they had shared, and she made a mental note to ask about calling him Davis the next time she saw him.
As soon as she sprang out of bed and her feet touched the floor, she started to call Penny to go outside before remembering the events of the night before. That incited a sense of urgency in her preparations before leaving the quarters to go find her dog. She was worried about Penny, while equally excited about seeing the new arrivals. She couldn’t believe Penny was a mother.
The thought made her stumble for just a second, and she put a hand on her stomach as she recalled they hadn’t used any barriers last night, and she wasn’t on a chemical form of birth control. 
Could cyborgs get pregnant, or impregnate their partner? That was a question she’d have to ask someone, though it seemed too embarrassing to ask the healer she barely knew, and she couldn’t quite muster the fortitude to even imagine how that conversation might go with Davis. It was silly that she couldn’t imagine talking to him about it after having spent the night in bed with him, and she firmed her lips as she decided to put on her big-girl panties and deal with it. She’d ask him the next time they were alone.
Matter resolved, she made her way to the medical center, finding it easily despite her reservations. She’d been distraught last night on the trip there and had been concerned she wouldn’t recall the path.
She hovered hesitantly at the doorway before knocking. A moment later, the door hissed as it opened, and she identified a cyborg on the other side. She didn’t know her name, but she’d seen her at dinner the last two nights. 
With a smile, she asked, “Is it all right if I see Penny?” Even though she went through the motions of being polite and asking, she was already moving away from the cyborg, toward her dog, without awaiting permission. It would have to be a true emergency to keep her from seeing Penny.
She grinned when she saw the dog, who was ensconced in a clear plastic-looking drawer that she speculated had come from a storage container. It was filled with soft bedding, and Penny wagged her tail effusively as she approached.
Carrie knelt down on the floor, getting on her knees so she could pet the dog, who offered her kisses. “Who’s a good girl? Good job, Penny. Your babies are beautiful.” 
They certainly looked much better this morning, after being cleaned and having time to recover. Most of them were nursing, though two had curled into a ball nearby and were sleeping. She stroked a finger down one of their soft foreheads, marveling at Penny’s amazing and unexpected entry into motherhood.
OWN approached, standing behind her. After a moment, he crouched down to be closer to her level alongside the dog. “She’s doing well. She lost more blood than anticipated, but I programed the computer to synthesize synthetic blood based on a sample of her existing supply, and she’s much perkier after an infusion.”
His words amazed her, but she didn’t focus on the medical aspects. Instead, she sent him a grateful smile before returning her attention to Penny and the babies. “Thank you so much for rescuing her. I don’t know what I would’ve done without her, Owen.” She waited for him to refuse the moniker, but hoped he wouldn’t. After he had saved Penny, she didn’t feel right addressing him in such a distant fashion, unless that was his preference.
He ignored it as he said, “According to my data, dogs live a severely shortened life span compared to humans. If you can’t live without her, why would you choose to adopt her while knowing she won’t survive as long as you?”
“Companionship, and the need to share my life with someone. Even knowing the loss is coming doesn’t keep you from enjoying the time you have, or loving them wholeheartedly.”
“I see.” He didn’t sound like he fully understood, but he didn’t press for more explanation. “With our technology, it’s quite possible to keep your Penny alive well past her normal lifespan.”
Carrie wasn’t certain whether she should be pleased by the thought or a little unsettled by it. Eventually, she decided she could be both. The idea of a cybernetic dog, which was what she inferred from his words, was strange, but it was also comforting to know that she wouldn’t have to lose Penny in the next decade if she chose to avail herself of their technology. “I wonder how she’ll look with that blue glow.”
Owen surprised her by laughing. “At least you’ll be able to find her when she goes outside in the dark to do her business.”
He said the phrase awkwardly, which made her lips twitch. She suspected he had heard the phrase from Raven, since she hadn’t uttered it in his presence. That reminded her to inquire about Penny’s current state. “Does she need to go for a walk or go outside to do her business?”
Owen shook his head. “I prefer she rest for at least today. NKI will deal with any unpleasant side effects of doing so.”
She shot a glance at the other cyborg, who had hovered nearby, but hadn’t stepped closer. Carrie gave her a tentative smile, hoping the woman didn’t mind the duty. Or would that be doody duty? She giggled at the silly thought before forcing her expression to a more serious one when NKI frowned at her. “Thank you for taking care of Penny.”
“It’s my pleasure,” said the cyborg, clearly unfeigned warmth in her tone. “I’ve never seen anything like her before. Her babies are amazing. It gives me a funny feeling in my chest.”
“Do you require diagnostics?” asked Owen.
Carrie giggled again. “I think it’s probably her maternal instincts fluttering to life. I’m feeling the same way just looking at these little fluff balls.” That reminded her of her earlier thoughts, and it seemed like a good time to ask. “Do cyborgs have babies?”
“It’s possible,” said Owen. “It’s dependent on how much of the original physiology remains. If the injuries were too severe to retain the womb, then a female cyborg would be infertile.”
“Do you have any cyborg babies?”
Owen shook his head. “We maintain careful control of our population to ensure we have adequate resources, while also having the necessary numbers to fight the humans and synths. No one breeds. It’s not a proper environment in which to raise a child.”
The thought made her sad, and she distracted herself by looking at Penny again, who was nuzzling one of her babies. “I guess you didn’t get the memo, girl.” Seeing her dog with the puppies made her glad Penny hadn’t gotten that message. The arrival of the puppies gave her something to focus on besides all the questions plaguing her, and perhaps they held the key to a future with more dogs. 
She had yet to see any evidence of domesticated animals or pets of any sort, so perhaps Penny would bring dogs back from extinction. If they could synthesize dog blood, perhaps they could synthesize dog semen to allow Penny to have a few more litters, along with offering her pups a similar chance. She liked the idea of the cyborg base filled with the pitter patter of paws, since having human or cyborg babies was clearly not allowed.
***
After spending time with Penny, she left the medical center when Raven found her, accompanying her friend for breakfast before they returned to the spot by the tree that Raven had shown her yesterday. As she had expected, cyborgs trickled in, sometimes in pairs, but most often solo, and started crocheting. 
She was definitely going to have to find a source for more yarn, or else insist everyone unravel their project when they finished for the day. She had enough supplies not to worry about doing so just yet, but it was another thing to mention to Davis.
Abruptly, she remembered where he was, and what his mission had been today. They were going after the manufacturing facility that created the synthetics, hoping to cripple the enemy, or at least reduce its numbers significantly. 
She couldn’t believe it had slipped her mind, though she supposed it was understandable in light of the night they had spent together, along with checking on Penny and then instructing her new students in the art of crochet. She tried not to let fear overwhelm her, but the afternoon took on an agonizing slowness as the minutes ticked past, and she was hyperaware of how sluggishly time seemed to move until it was finally time for dinner.
She followed Raven into the mess hall, holding her breath as she waited to see if Davis was present. Her breath left her in a little whoosh of air as relief filled her at the sight of him. He sat in his usual chair, and there was a space beside him that she moved toward after a parting to Raven. As she got closer, she saw he had brighter patches of skin in some places, and she stroked them without thought as she sat down beside him. “What happened?”
“I was injured and required a skin graft. The new skin will settle in and quickly resemble the old.”
She eyed his chest and arm, which were extensively covered with the patches of new skin. “You must have been injured pretty badly. Is everyone okay?”
He nodded. “We had no casualties, and our mission was successful. We also gained information about the location of other facilities before destroying it. It was a good day.”
She smiled, though she was still concerned about his injuries. Without thinking, she stroked another spot on his arm, and then frowned when he jerked away. She cast a glance around them, reminding herself they were in the presence of his underlings, and public displays of affection might embarrass him, or perhaps even undermine his authority. 
It didn’t ring true, but she decided to cling to that explanation as those around her started to eat. She listened to them talk strategy, and her concern for him and the others only grew. She wished she could insist that they stay safely at base, but it wasn’t her call, and it was probably impractical anyway. She understood the necessity of removing as many manufacturing facilities as possible, but that didn’t mean she had to like the idea of her mate risking himself to do so.
She froze as the thought filtered through her brain, hand hovering in midair to bring the spoon to her mouth. She looked over when Jason nudged her with his shoulder. “What?”
“You look as though someone has struck you. Are you injured?”
Carrie managed a small smile and lowered her spoon back to the tray. “No, I’m fine. I just remembered something. I left the gas oven on.”
He frowned. “We don’t have a gas oven.”
She arched a brow. “You know what it is?”
He nodded. “A primitive cooking device that runs on a derivative of gas obtained from the earth.”
She nodded. “I just realized I left my oven on. I was baking chocolate chip cookies.” That was true, though that hadn’t been the cause of her reaction. Briefly, she worried about her house, though it had long ago been destroyed—if not by an oven explosion, then by time slowly decaying the building materials. 
A pang of melancholy shot through her as she recalled once again everyone she’d ever known was now dead. If she couldn’t make a life here, she would be alone as well. It was a daunting prospect, and she wanted to reach out for comfort, to wrap her hand in Davis’s, but she restrained the urge. Recalling the way he had pulled away from her while ago kept her hand on her thigh and her sudden misery locked inside.
***
They were both in his bed, but they might as well be on opposite sides of the galaxy for the distance he was keeping between them. He had deliberately turned away from her when they’d lain down, and the one time she had dared scoot closer, he had pointedly shifted the other way. Carrie was hurt and confused by his withdrawal, especially after they had become lovers the previous night. Though she wanted to ask him about it, she was feeling too emotionally raw and was certain she would weep all over him if she even broached the subject.
Just lying there in the silence, stewing over his aloofness, was enough to bring tears to her eyes, which rapidly flowed down her cheeks. She tried to be quiet as she cried, but she was certain he could hear her. She wanted to stifle her emotions, but she felt too vulnerable to do so. It had been a rough few days, and it was cathartic to cry.
With what sounded like an impatient sigh, he suddenly turned over in the bed, and a moment later, his arm was around her waist as he pulled her back against his chest. His voice rumbled through his chest and into her back when he spoke. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Everything. You wouldn’t understand.” The words emerged with a distinct wail-like quality that she disliked, but couldn’t curb.
He sighed again, the same sound of exasperation that set her nerves on edge and had her gritting her teeth. It was just too bad if the cyborg general wasn’t used to dealing with people who displayed their emotions openly. 
That was unfair to the cyborgs she had met though, and she knew it. They had the same emotions she did, but they clearly had better control. Of course, none of them had been through quite what she had experienced in the past few days, so he could just cut her some slack.
“How will I fix what’s wrong if you don’t tell me what it is?”
“There’s nothing to fix. I’m just sad. I miss home, and I’m worried about Penny, and…” She trailed off, not wanting to verbalize the main source of her negative emotions.
“And?”
“I hate how you’ve pushed me away after we were so close last night. It’s obvious you regret what happened, and that’s your right. But you don’t have to make me feel like a pariah in the process.”
He let out another sigh, though this one sounded less exasperated and more fatigued. “I’ve pushed you away because it doesn’t seem advisable to have a relationship between us. There are many differences, and the danger is ever-present.”
She sniffled before speaking, though her voice was still thick with tears. “Will I be any safer not as your mate? If the robots find us, are they likely to spare me if I’m not with you?”
He hesitated for a moment. “I can’t answer that for certain. They’re loyal to the humans, so they should spare you. If they discover you’re my mate, they might destroy you. Even if the synthetics don’t, the humans are likely to order it to hurt me.”
She shrugged a shoulder. “I don’t care. It’s a risk I’m willing to take. I don’t feel any loyalty to the humans who have done this to all of you. It wouldn’t take them long to discover that, even if they wanted to give me a chance. I’d rather have what little time we might have together being together. I’d choose that over having the next fifty years being safe, but without you. I’ve made my choice, but I can’t do anything until you make yours. Then I’ll either have to accept it and move on, or we’ll have to see about becoming a couple.”
He stiffened slightly. “That’s what you want?”
“How can you doubt that after last night?”
He didn’t directly answer her question when he replied, “Sex has always been about physical release for me, at least until last night. I’m having difficulty processing my emotional fluctuations. The entire situation is disconcerting to me.”
His words made her sniffle again as hope flared to life. “It was kind of the same for me. I’ve never slept with someone for whom I didn’t care at least somewhat, but it was never as intense as last night. It frightens me how quickly I’m getting close to you, especially knowing I could lose you the next time you leave the base, or if the synthetics find our location here. The idea of losing you terrifies me.”
He let out a soft laugh. “Perhaps Freydon Rote wasn’t as mistaken as I believed. MX still thinks you’re somehow involved in the plot that will allow the synthetics to conquer us, but I’ve never believed that. I was distrustful of Rote’s intentions, but intrigued by the possibility of winning the war. It’s only recently that I realized that while he might not have brought me a means to end the hostility, he’s given me something far more valuable.”
Her heart skipped a beat in her chest as she slowly turned in his arms before plastering herself to his chest again, arms twining around his shoulders to wrap around him tightly. “What’s that?”
“My mate,” he growled with a hint of possessiveness as his arms closed more tightly and firmly around her, bringing her so close to his body that she could barely tell where her skin ended and his began.
They were soon kissing and caressing, and when he surged inside her a few minutes later, it was both physically and emotionally satisfying well before she even approached a climax. Just being joined with him felt right and was a simple pleasure on its own. It couldn’t compare to the brief, intense rush of pleasure that accompanied her orgasm, but that was different, leaving her feeling not only physically replete, but emotionally content as well when she curled into his arms and went to sleep a short time later.
***
DVS—Davis as he tried out in his head, since she had called it out in his ear more than once during the past hour—marveled at the feel of the human woman cradled in his arms, with her soft curves conforming to his hard body. The sex had been a strange mix of tender and frantic, leading him to the conclusion that he would never get enough of her. 
The thought alarmed him slightly, but it was purely from the fear of losing her now that he’d found her. He was surprisingly unafraid of the intensity of the emotions he felt for Carrie. The abrupt realization that he never would have known her had it not been for Rote’s interference caused his heart to squeeze painfully in his chest, and his arms tightened around her. He had to practically be crushing her for a moment, but the sound that escaped her was one of contentment rather than protest as she simply snuggled closer, nuzzling against his neck where her face pressed against his skin.
For a moment, he was moved to wake her and indulge in her body again, but as soft snores escaped her slightly parted lips, he reined in the impulse. As much as he wanted her, he also wanted to take care of her. There would be plenty of time for lovemaking, or so he told himself, because he needed to cling to optimism to embrace the emotions rocketing through him. 
He couldn’t fully accept everything she represented if he held back from the fear of losing her. Fear was a rarely-felt emotion, and had never related to a bed partner before. Normally, fear was a weakness that he ruthlessly excised, needing to keep it firmly in check to do what must be done. With Carrie, like so many other things, it was different. 
Rather than weaken him, the fear of losing her made him feel stronger and more determined to protect her and keep her as long as possible. With the technology they had, thanks to OWN’s research into rapid healing, it wasn’t outside the bounds of possibility that they could have centuries together, as long as he kept her safe. 
His arms tightened around her once more, and he vowed to himself that he would do whatever was necessary to keep her out of harm’s way and away from the humans, who would rip her away from him if given the chance. They might be her kind, but she was better off with the cyborgs than those creatures.


Chapter Six

It was two days before Owen deemed it safe enough for Penny to move back into their room and resume daily walks. Once Carrie had the opportunity to reveal what had happened with the two cyborgs from whom MX had rescued her, he’d insisted she have a companion whenever she was outside his quarters. Carrie probably should have fought him harder on it than she did, in an attempt to maintain her independence, but she was secretly relieved to have a bodyguard protecting her and Penny. That it was usually Raven certainly made the situation easier, because they had become fast friends.
Her circle of friends had also expanded to include the ever-growing crowd of crocheters who came and went as their schedules permitted. Ever resourceful, Raven had provided the answer to the dwindling supply of yarn and sundry supplies by showing Carrie the replication system that took up one room in the base. 
To her, it was a bit like a 3-D printer, though far more sophisticated. It was capable of replicating just about anything, and what it produced was made from whatever the material should be, not necessarily plastic, as it had been from 3-D printers she recalled seeing. 
They hadn’t yet been commonplace in her time period, so she was uncertain how they had actually functioned, but she was certain they weren’t capable of producing yarn and crochet hooks as easily as edible food, provided the replication device had the necessary building blocks of nutrition loaded into it. 
When she had asked why they didn’t use the machine to create their food instead of preparing it by hand, Raven had revealed a simple and pragmatic explanation. The machine required too much power and too many resources to make it practical to use daily to create hundreds of meals.
Her days were full, and her nights were even fuller, because as soon as they returned to Davis’s quarters, they spent hours in each other’s arms, until they were too tired to continue. Often, either he or she would wake in the middle of the night and reach for the other, just to repeat it all again. Carrie was definitely feeling the lack of sleep, but it wasn’t enough to deter her from enjoying the hours she had with him without wasting too many of them on sleep.
They had just settled into what she considered her new routine, and she was feeling comfortable with everything—and even fairly safe to move around the base without a companion, though she always had Raven nearby—when the return of a squad of cyborgs that burst into the mess hall during dinner that evening shattered the briefly peaceful interlude. 
She dropped her spoon in shock as a rough group entered, clearly having been run through the ringer. There were burns and abrasions marring their bodies, and more than one was leaning heavily against a comrade.
As soon as they’d entered the room, Davis had scooted his chair back and stood up, moving around the table to meet them. “What happened, ED32?”
“We were ambushed, General. We went out to destroy the facility at the coordinates you gave us, and we were successful, but they caught us on the way back. It was a large group of synthetics, which we could have handled, but they had a new weapon.”
“What weapon?” 
“I’ve never seen anything like it, and the closest thing I could compare it to was the pulse they used sixty years ago that destroyed so much biological and organic matter. VX52, JIN4, and LSP67 bore the brunt of the first wave of the weapon. It disintegrated the bonds between them and their mechanical components more quickly and rapidly than their immune system and healing abilities could repair. We lost those three, sir, and most of the rest of us are in bad shape.”
Owen and NKI had already joined Davis, and Carrie watched them work quickly and methodically as she moved a bit closer. She hovered outside the perimeter, allowing other cyborgs to press closer. They had more at stake than she did, though she wished she could push her way through and close the distance separating her from Davis.
“OWN, you and NKI take care of these troops. If you need anything, just ask.” He turned his attention back to the leader, and his expression was full of determination. “I need the coordinates of where they ambushed you, and all the details you can provide. We have to destroy that weapon before it can be used against us on a large scale.” It was clear he was planning to draw the squad leader away, but he paused to look over his shoulder at Jason. “Deal with the remains and arrange a memorial for a couple of days from now. Not tonight or tomorrow though. We have to act as soon as possible.”
He left it unspoken, but she could infer part of the reason for delaying the memorial service was because they might have casualties to add to the list. It took every ounce of self-control she had not to cross the distance between them and throw her arms around him. 
Carrie wanted to beg Davis not to go out there to try to deal with the weapon that had killed three of his people and threatened all of them. She wished they could just hide away in the base, even though she knew that was impossible. Even if they could logistically manage it, she knew Davis well enough to understand he would be dissatisfied with going into hiding and not trying to actively remove the threat to him and the other cyborgs. 
That didn’t mean she had to like or agree with his decision to go out and destroy them immediately, but it kept her from speaking out against his plan when he returned with the squad leader a few minutes later and announced they would leave at first light. 
Her heart groaned for her to protest, but common sense cautioned there was no point. He was going to go either way, and she didn’t want him to leave with a negative note between them, or irritation that she had spoken about something he might not consider her business. It was very much her business, because it risked her mate along with everyone else, but she accepted the lack of alternatives with a heavy heart.
Tonight might be at the only time they had together, and she was determined to spend it loving instead of fighting. If it was their last night together, it was going to be a night neither one of them forgot.
***
By the time she woke the next morning, he was already gone. It wasn’t a surprise, since she knew they had planned to leave before first light—though she had no idea how they really could tell what was first light in the dismal atmosphere outside—but she was still bereft to be without him. 
Carrie picked up his pillow and cuddled it against her face as she breathed in his scent and blinked back tears. She tried to tell herself he would be fine, and he would return to her in one piece. If anyone was capable of doing so, she was certain it was Davis. He wouldn’t be content to return alone either, and she was confident they would be back. It was her heart that was betraying the weakness, prompted by worry for him to inflict the most heinous images of his suffering and dying on her via vivid mental imaginings created from her tortured brain.
When Raven arrived a short time later, it was a welcome distraction. It also reminded her she’d been planning to discuss something with the cyborg woman before, but hadn’t had an opportunity until then. As they took Penny outside while her pups remained behind, snoozing in their makeshift bed, she brought the subject around to the transmission. “What can you tell me about it?”
“It’s been going on for at least ten years, and it’s a slightly different message each day. It’s a trap, but I confess I’m curious. I’d like to know what she—the sender—gains by it, though I guess with their new weapon, now we know. I don’t think they had it three years ago, when the transmission started though. If they had, we would’ve all been destroyed by now.
“You said they change slightly every day? Can I hear one?”
Raven hesitated for a moment, looking torn. “I’m not sure General DVS…Davis, would like that, Carrie.”
Carrie shrugged a shoulder. “He didn’t specifically say I wasn’t allowed to hear it, did he? And it’s just a transmission. I only want to hear what they’re saying and judge the sincerity for myself.”
After biting her lip for a moment, Raven nodded and squared her shoulders. “Okay, I’ll take you to the communications room after Penny finishes her business. HRY might refuse to play it for you though, and I certainly don’t have the authority to override him.”
“Who is HRY?”
“The Communications officer. Do you still want to hear it?”
With her hands on her hip, Carrie nodded decisively. “I definitely do.” She couldn’t explain why it felt important, but it seemed like the key to everything, and she had to hear it.
A few minutes later, they left Penny in the quarters with her babies before making their way down the corridor into the lift. They descended two levels and entered the communications room.
It wasn’t what she had expected. Based on television shows from her time period, along with the golden age of television, she’d expected a room full of equipment with flashing lights and an array of buttons that did a myriad of things. Instead, it was all contained to one workstation, and while there were buttons across the console, they weren’t flashing. It was all very sedate and a bit of a letdown compared to how she’d build it up in her mind. 
She shoved the thought aside as she and Raven stopped beside HRY. She gave him a smile, and it seemed to win him over easily. Along with that, she put a hand on his shoulder and leaned a little closer. Her demeanor wasn’t flirtatious, but it was definitely friendly and confident. “I need to hear the transmission from the human group. Raven says it comes every day, though there are slight changes.”
The blond cyborg with faintly glowing blue skin nodded at her, and it was obvious the idea of refusing had never even crossed his mind. “The only real change is the coordinates shift on a regular basis. She never designates the same place twice, though sometimes the general vicinity is similar.”
“So you’ll play it for me?”
At her prompting, he slid a switch on the console in front of him, and a rough voice filled the room a moment later. The voice itself was actually delicate and pleasing to the ear, other than the desperation underlying each word. “This is Gwen Harrison of the human enclave, reaching out to the cyborg faction. It’s imperative we make peace. As always, coordinates will follow, and we’ll be watching and hoping you show up. Our offer is sincere, and we simply wish for peace.”
There was a brief pause, and the message repeated again. It was word for word the same. “Is it always the same message?”
HRY nodded. “Yes, ma’am. Like I said, the coordinates vary, and the wording is occasionally different, but it’s basically the same thing over and over.”
“And no one has ever met up with her?”
HRY frowned.
At the same time, Raven said, “The last time we tried, which was more than fifty years ago, it was a trap. Instead of the humans showing up, they sent a huge army of synthetics. We managed to destroy quite a few and escape relatively unscathed, but it made everyone wary.”
“I understand why.” Disappointment surged in her chest, and she turned away from HRY and the communications console. For a moment, tears threatened to overwhelm her, but she blinked them back. She had pinned too much hope on the idea, but after hearing the last attempt ended with an ambush and fierce battle, she understood why they ignored it now.
***
It was later that night, after the cyborgs had returned from their latest mission, and she’d fallen asleep in her mate’s arms, that she woke up and jerked upright in bed. Her heart was hammering in her ears, and excitement rushed through her. She turned slightly to face Davis as she reached for his hand and squeezed it between hers. “I think I figured out why I’m here.”
He looked half-asleep, and his voice was little more than a mutter. “I thought we already established it was to be mates.”
She nodded, eagerness bubbling up inside. “Yes, but I think I’m here for another purpose too. He told you I’d help you win the war, right?” At his nod of confirmation, she continued, “I think I know how. I’m supposed to meet with the humans. The transmission is different every day, and the coordinates change, but if I listen early enough, I’ll catch them for the day. I think this is how we get peace. Maybe they’ll listen to me because I’m human, but I’ve lived with you and seen the cyborg side of the situation too. This must be what I can do to help end the war.”
Suddenly fully awake, Davis sat up beside her. He shook his head, and his arms crossed over his chest in a fearsome manner. “You aren’t risking yourself to go running off to meet with humans.” He spat the word as though it was something foul. 
“I’ve long reached the conclusion that Rote just told me you were there to help win the war so that I’d show up and fall in love. If he had told me that he was bringing me my mate, I would have ignored him and gone about my business. I wasn’t smart enough to see the value in a mate at that point, and the little alien knew that. There’s no way you can help end the war. Your heart is in the right place, but you don’t have the skills or the experience to contribute in a meaningful fashion to the actual clash with the humans.”
She was disgruntled by his lack of enthusiasm in the idea, not to mention his complete opposition to it. She understood he was being cautious, but she was convinced she was meant to do this. The humans and the cyborgs just needed someone to bridge the gap between them, someone who could make both sides see the other as human—well, poor choice of words—um, living, breathing beings with similar goals and needs. 
The more she thought about it, the more convinced she was that she was meant to be the ambassador to broker peace between the two groups. It was a good thing Davis didn’t try to elicit a promise that she wouldn’t meet the humans, because she wouldn’t have been able to agree to that promise, knowing she was going to break it. She was convinced she was on the right path, and the idea of ending the conflict between the groups once and for all motivated her to ignore his words and seek out the humans to hasten the process of bringing peace between them.


Chapter Seven

She got a chance sooner than she had expected, because Davis and several of the cyborgs went out with the intention of destroying another manufacturing facility the next day. She’d overheard them talking about it amongst themselves and knew this was to target one of the places where they were making the new weapon that rapidly dissolved their ionic bonds. 
The fear weighed heavily on her, but the idea of being able to do something without sitting by passively waiting for his safe return spurred her on. When she asked HRY to listen to the daily coordinates less than an hour later, he didn’t argue with her. She made a note of them discreetly, aware of Raven watching her closely. When they exited the communications room a short time later, she still didn’t have a cover story in place.
“You’re planning to go out there, aren’t you?”
She nodded. “I think I can get through to the humans. And then I just have to bring the cyborgs on board with the idea.”
“It’s a daunting task,” said Raven with evident skepticism. “I’ll come with you.”
“No, you can’t. You’re acting under orders not to respond to the transmission, and I don’t want you to face disciplinary actions. Plus, I’d feel safer knowing that someone’s here to keep an eye on Penny and the puppies. I do need help finding the coordinates though.”
“That’s not a problem.” As she spoke, Raven tapped a few buttons before she unfastened the device around her wrist and passed it to Carrie. “I’ve programed in the coordinates, and it will lead you straight there. Just don’t take it off or ignore the directions it gives you. And let me show you how to use a weapon before you leave.”
Impulsively, she leaned forward and hugged Raven with one arm. After a brief hesitation, the cyborg responded with a hug of her own. “Thank you for this. I’m sure the war will be over soon.” 
After a brief crash course in using one of their weapons, the wave of optimism buoyed her as she left the base surreptitiously, having thrown a rain poncho over her clothing. It was one of the things Rote had packed in her luggage, and she took it as another confirmation of her role. 
With its muted gray fabric that blended into the background of the landscape, the poncho also served as a way to obscure her identity when she was outside. She started to walk, following the device’s instructions, and almost broke into song, though managed to restrain herself. Revealing her presence wouldn’t do her any favors if the synthetics, or even other cyborgs, caught her. 
The cyborgs would probably try to send her back to base, and the synthetics would either immediately execute her or simply take her into custody to face the humans. She preferred to meet them on more equal footing, rather than from a jail cell.
It seemed like she walked forever, and the terrain didn’t help, being often rough and hard to traverse. Despite that, Carrie persevered while following the directions provided by the device Raven had loaned her. Finally, after walking for nearly two hours, the device chimed to announce she had reached her destination. 
She paused, standing in the middle of a clearing. There were remnants of buildings around her, but it was impossible to tell from what time frame. What remained wasn’t enough to indicate if they had been the style common during her era, or if they had been built since then and destroyed by acts of war. 
Either way, it was a haunting sight, and it sent a chill down her spine. She could be seen from any number of places without having the same ability herself. There was nothing in the clearing except debris and a pile of boulders. She walked a few steps over to them and positioned herself in an attempt to find a semi-comfortable spot while she waited.
She could barely make out the sun, so it was difficult to tell the time of day, but the device on her wrist measured the time that had elapsed. She was there for an hour and fifteen minutes, restless and bored, as she continued to look around, her hand on the gun Raven had provided. The cursory training she had received didn’t exactly give her confidence in being able to efficiently wield the weapon, but it provided a small measure of comfort to have it nearby.
Finally, she thought she heard the furtive scrape of footsteps. That made Carrie jerk upright into a standing position as she stared around her. Movement from the corner of her eye caught her attention, and she turned to the left. A figure stood there, though it was impossible to make out much about him or her from the distance and the haze obscuring the air around them. 
She squinted and took a step closer as the other person also took a step nearer to her. She caught a glimpse of the face obscured partially by a hood from a heavy duster. From what she saw, she was confident it was a person, and fully human. With dark skin and kinky black hair, she was fairly certain the human was African-American.
Carrie started to approach slowly, but froze at a sound behind her. She turned to face it, gasping when she saw something completely unfamiliar in front of her. She hadn’t yet seen a synthetic, especially up close, but she could only assume that’s what this was. 
It had gleaming silver skin that looked surprisingly flexible, but was clearly metallic in origin. The synthetic moved with precise grace and economy of motion that suggested it had been expertly engineered. It had a semi-human face, though there was no sign of expression, or perhaps even the ability to form expression, judging by the semi-rigid metal epidermis covering its features. 
She lifted a hand, trying to show she was harmless. The Synth raised its hand in what she first thought was a mimicry of hers. Before she could take any hope in the gesture, a hole opened to reveal a port in its palm.
“Don’t shoot. I’m a human.” As she uttered the words, she wondered if the synthetic would even recognize them. Did they have access to the same database as the cyborgs? If so, they should be able to translate her version of English into something they could understand. If not, and human language had evolved significantly in the last four hundred years, they might not understand her at all.
There was a bright flash of light from its palm, and something that looked like blue plasma discharged. She watched in fear and awe, and it was a brief show. It wasn’t even a millisecond before the pain began, almost fully encompassing her left side. It hurt so badly that she couldn’t even scream. 
Carrie immediately dropped to the ground and started convulsing, agony unlike she’d ever known consuming her. As abruptly as it had begun, the weapon ceased discharging, and the synthetic appeared to stand there in a daze for a moment before turning and walking away without looking at her again.
She was too embroiled in anguish to try to comprehend why she’d been granted a reprieve, but she had fallen in such a way that allowed her to see the same figure she briefly observed before the synthetic attacked. It was already slithering away, and anger was the last thing she experienced as she slipped into unconsciousness. 
Clearly, the synthetics were still working for the humans, and she had been foolish to walk into their trap. She had bought into Rote’s words about having some great destiny in the scheme of things and an ability to end the war, but she had been a fool about that too. She should have listened to Davis. She had no more thoughts after that as the pain overwhelmed her ability to process it, and she found relief in a state deeper than unconsciousness.
***
“You should have come to me sooner,” said Davis as he glared at Raven. It was the third time he’d said almost the same words to her in the half-hour she’d been in his company, as they looked for Carrie. They were following the coordinates the daily communication had provided, and they should be there soon. They were keeping a demanding pace, but none of the cyborgs around him complained.
Raven just nodded, looking miserable. “I should’ve come to you immediately, General. I’m sorry. Carrie just seemed so certain…” She trailed off with a sigh. “I was hopeful too. I’m still hopeful. Maybe she hasn’t returned because she’s busy negotiating peace.”
Davis snorted. “Don’t be naïve, RVN.” She flinched when he used the designation rather than the informal name Carrie had assigned her.
She nodded, looking utterly miserable, but not speaking further as they covered the last two klicks at a grueling pace.
He saw her body before he’d even topped the hill. Davis had already been moving at a rapid clip, but now he broke into a run. He reached her side in seconds, dropping down beside her on the ground as his equipment scanned her. He was relieved to find a pulse, though it was frighteningly weak and thready. Her blood pressure was low, barely enough to sustain her, and her body temperature had already dropped two degrees from optimal. 
She clearly hovered on the edge of death, and the explanation was visible for all to see. Deep burns covered the left side of her body, and parts of her were simply gone. He couldn’t imagine how much pain she had endured. It looked like she had been subjected to the same weapon they were now using against his brethren, but Carrie didn’t have their rapid healing abilities to counteract any of the damage. 
It was amazing she was still alive. He didn’t know how the synthetic responsible had made the error of leaving her that way, because they usually continued until they killed, but he was thankful for the lapse. Perhaps they weren’t as thorough with disposing of humans, though he wasn’t certain why the synthetic would have attacked a human anyway—unless a human gave the order. The thought chilled him while stoking his anger, but he pushed both emotions aside to focus on her.
OWN dropped down beside him, his equipment more sophisticated. He used the handheld device to examine her, and his expression was grim. “We have to get her back to base right away.”
“Can you save her?”
He hesitated for a long moment, and his uncertainty was visible in his posture and his expression long before he ever answered. “Probably not, but I intend to try, General.”
***
Davis paced as he waited for Carrie to regain consciousness. Owen believed it would be any time now, judging from the stability of her vitals. He had other duties to which he should attend, but he wasn’t leaving his mate in this state until she had awakened, and he had a chance to talk to her.
As though responding to an unspoken cue, she moaned softly and started shifting on the thin metal bed. He rushed to her side, bending over her and carefully taking her right hand. The left would be sore for a while as it healed. “Carrie?”
She let out a sound that was somewhere between a sigh and a moan. A moment later, her eyelids fluttered open slowly, her pupils widening before she winced and closed them tightly again. Clearly, she had photosensitivity, but that probably wasn’t unusual, since she had been out for so long. 
OWN estimated she had been unconscious for at least two hours when they had found her, and it had been another six hours since they had returned to base, and he had spent four of those repairing her. The last two had been devoted strictly to much-needed rest and regeneration, but her eyes had been closed for the better part of a day.
“Carrie, can you open your eyes?”
Slowly, they drifted open in a more leisurely fashion, as though she was bracing herself for the intrusion of light. That must have done the trick for her, because she was able to open her eyes fully. For a moment, he glanced at the left one, unable to look away. He’d seen those kind of eyes for most of his life, but it was startling to see in the face of his mate. It didn’t make her any less beautiful to him, but it was definitely different.
“What happened?” Her voice was rough and raspy, and part of that was likely due to the trauma and the healing involved. OWN had to replace an entire section of her esophagus. A second later, before he could answer, her eyes widened, and horror was reflected in her right eye. Clearly, she recalled the events that had led her here.
He put a hand on her face, cupping her right cheek and gently stroking it with his thumb. “You’re safe now, and OWN…Owen…believes you’ll fully recover.” He didn’t tell her how close it had been, and he deliberately omitted the information that she had physically died and been gone a full five minutes while Owen worked on bringing her back. 
It was at that point he had used his status as her mate, and as leader of the cyborgs, to authorize Owen to do anything necessary to save her life. He accepted full responsibility for the decision, and he would bear the brunt of her anger.
“I’m alive? How is that possible? The pain was so much.”
He nodded. “And you didn’t have regenerative capabilities then, so it’s amazing that you survived. With cyborgs, they generally attack until the cyborg is dead, or they are. Perhaps they were laxer with a human.” He frowned as anger overtook him. “Did a human order this to be done to you?”
She hesitated for a moment and then shrugged. After doing so, she winced, clearly feeling pain from the motion. “I saw a human just before the synthetic attacked me, and he or she was running away when I fell. I think you were right. You were all right. It’s a trap meant to lure us into the open so they can destroy us, whether it’s one at a time, or as a whole. I was a fool for trying.”
He squeezed his hand around her right hand more firmly. “You weren’t a fool for trying to end this. It was a bad decision, but you had good intentions.”
She let out another small sigh. “I’m still amazed to be alive. Owen must be a miracle worker.”
Davis hesitated, searching for the right answer. “He’s not a miracle worker, but he has amazing technology at his disposal.”
She frowned, and the first hint of apprehension appeared in her expression. “What do you mean? Just how did he save me?”
Carefully, Davis put his arm behind her back and sat her up, holding her in a seated position. He reached for the mirror that was waiting nearby, having already discussed the scenario with Owen before his healer had agreed to leave the room and allow Davis to handle the revelation. He passed it over with bated breath, preparing himself for a number of reactions.

Chapter Eight
Carrie took the mirror with her left hand, and just looking down sent a jolt of horror through her. All the skin on her hand and upper arm that was visible with the garment she wore was now light blue, with the luminescent circuit-veins she’d come to associate with cyborgs. “What happened to my arm?”
“It was incinerated. There was nothing left to salvage, so Owen made you a prosthetic.”
She held the mirror for a moment before laying it on her lap so she could test her grip. She tightened her fist and released it slowly. She was amazed that it felt exactly the same to do the process as it had for her entire life. It looked different, but it didn’t feel any less intuitive than her own hand would have. 
She breathed a small sigh of relief as she lifted the mirror again, at first conscious of how tightly she held it before quickly realizing it didn’t require any thought on her part. It was practically autonomic, just as it had always been. She didn’t have to think extra hard to bring up the mirror to look at herself either.
Carrie let out a gasp of horror at the first sight of her face. The creamy complexion was gone, replaced by light blue skin and a network of visible blue veins delivering the nutrient fluid throughout. The shape of her nose was different from what it had been. It was now a stellar example of classical perfection, rather than the shorter, stubbier version she’d had all her life. 
At first glance, her lips appeared to be the same, and her eyelids and eyes were the same too. It was only when she looked closer, bringing the mirror nearer, that she realized there was a difference. Her left eye was no longer brown. Instead, it was black, with a clear iris. “My eye?”
He squeezed the hand he still held, and it provided an amazing amount of reassurance, considering with what she was dealing. “Owen will calibrate it to match your other eye the next time he sees you. It wasn’t a priority when he was trying to save your life. This is the eye’s default setting, but they’re programmable to match the recipient’s other eye. Had you ended up with two artificial eyes, you could have chosen whatever color you’d like.” He said it in what he probably meant to be a lighthearted way, but his levity sounded forced.
“Is my right eye still my right eye?” She was certain it was as she stared at it, abruptly realizing she had a better range of vision with the left eye than she’d ever had before. That alone suggested her other eye was the original. “How much of my face did he have to replace?”
“He had to rebuild almost the entire left side, along with part of the right side. There was structural damage to your skull and cheekbone, so that was reinforced with a metal polymer. He chose to replace all your skin on your face to give you a uniform look, so you wouldn’t end up with half of it blue and half of it your original color. He assumed you would prefer that.”
She nodded, though she wasn’t certain. Was it better to be completely blue, or to be half-and-half? The question prompted a rise of hysteria, and she had to breathe several times to stave it off. “What else?”
He let go of her right hand to pull down the sheet covering her, revealing the left side of her body.
She cried out in shock at the sight of her body neatly bisected almost exactly down the midpoint. Everything to the left had blue skin and the network of luminescent veins, while the right side looked like the body she had been born into.
Panic was threatening to take over, and her body twitched. Her left leg jumped off the table and slammed back onto it with a thudding sound that jarred her. “My leg too?”
Davis nodded. “He couldn’t save what little remained, so he amputated and replaced it with a prosthetic. It will feel just like your leg when you walk and use it. I promise you that.” He tapped one of his legs as he said the words, clearly reminding her of his own prosthetics. The difference was, he was uniformly blue everywhere, not a patchwork freak put together by a mad quilter.
“You should have just let me die.” Those were the last words she managed as she dissolved into tears. Hard sobs escaped her, abrading her raspy throat, and the more she tried to rein them in, the more difficult it became. 
She thrashed and fought against him as panic overwhelmed her, only briefly aware of NKI’s return, followed a step behind by Owen. She couldn’t spare a thought for them. She was too busy trying to escape from the bed and the firm hold Davis maintained on her. Carrie didn’t know where she was going to run, or why she was trying to escape, but she felt the deep-seated need to flee.
“Hold her steady,” said Owen.
The words filtered through her brain, but had little meaning. A sharp prick in her neck accompanied them a moment later, which only added to her panic. She increased her efforts to escape, until lethargy abruptly overtook her. In seconds, she had slumped against the metal bed with its thin mattress, allowing all of her pain and betrayal to reflect in her eyes as she caught Davis’s gaze. He flinched, but didn’t look away from her as her eyelids slowly drifted shut, and she sought escape in oblivion.
***
The next time she woke, Carrie felt far calmer. She suspected they had given her something to ensure she would awaken that way, but she was grateful for it. She didn’t want to succumb to panic, as she had earlier. She didn’t want to seek escape in the sedative either. She woke with a calm certainty that she would have to accept what happened to her, and that it had been necessary to save her life. 
That didn’t mean she had to like it, or even truly feel appreciative for their efforts, but the alternative was death, which wasn’t a choice at all. She could either live like this, as half-human and half-cyborg, or she could cease living at all. That thought sent a pang through her, and faces of all the people she loved came to her. Penny’s was among them, but Davis’s was the one that dominated her thoughts. Whatever they had, and whatever was forming between them, it was precious enough that she wouldn’t throw it away.
With those thoughts in mind, she pushed back the cover over her body and spent a moment staring at it before she realized someone was in the room with her. She looked up to find Raven seated near the bed. Her gaze softened when she saw Penny beside her. “There’s my baby. How are your babies?” She asked the question of Penny, who wagged her tail.
“Owen says they’re healthy. They’re sleeping in the other room, but we figured Penny would be comforting to you, so she’s spending her time between the outer room and your recovery room.”
Without thought, she held out a hand to her dog, and Penny came immediately toward her. Carrie realized she was extending the left hand, and she held her breath as she waited to see Penny’s reaction. The dog hesitated for just a second, sniffing her, and then her tail resumed wagging forcefully, and she jumped up to put her front paws on the bed and tried to lick Carrie on the face.
She reveled in the dog’s acceptance, wrapping her arm around her and allowing Penny to kiss her. Her face was still slightly tender, but it wasn’t painful to allow the dog to bestow affection, and she needed it as much as Penny did.
“The general will be here momentarily. He overrode Owen and insisted that the computer system in the base notify him as soon as you woke again. It was the only way we could convince him to go rest for a few hours. He hasn’t left your side until three hours ago.”
That warmed Carrie’s heart. “How long have I been out this time?”
“Two days. Owen thought it best to keep you completely sedated until you had finished healing. You’ll have a little bit of tenderness and an adjustment period, but you’re free to leave the medical center as soon as he examines and clears you.”
She was grateful for that consideration, siding silently with Owen. It was better to let her heal when she didn’t have to deal with the realities of the situation. She had enough emotional recovery and acceptance ahead of her that she was relieved to be able to bypass most of the physical discomfort of her new state. As it was, she currently felt exactly as she always had. “Do you have a mirror?”
Raven nodded as she stood up, moving around the bed to retrieve the requested object. She held it out a moment later.
Carrie lifted the mirror to look at her face, surprised to find the color of her skin had faded slightly. It was still blue, but it wasn’t quite as vibrant blue. The veins networking across her face and down her neck weren’t quite as luminescent either. They appeared to have settled in and blended well. 
She opened her left eye as wide as she could, confirming for herself that the iris was now brown to match her other eye. Other than her blue skin and new veins, she looked almost the same. 
Her nose was too perfect, but she didn’t actually mind that. She hadn’t been fond of her old nose, and rhinoplasty had been something she had considered as a one-day, vague possibility that she doubted she ever would have actually undertaken.
Hesitantly, she pushed the covers away completely and started opening the garment covering her. Raven averted her eyes, and she glanced down at the line bisecting her middle. It wasn’t nearly as obvious today. Both sides had faded and blended into each other in surprising harmony. 
She still looked half-and-half, but it wasn’t as unsightly or as unsettling as it had been the other day. Hesitantly, she touched her right side, tracing a network of the luminescent veins moving across her chest and down her stomach. “I don’t remember seeing these the other day.”
“You probably required additional support for your new vascular system. Perhaps Owen upgraded your cardio system and your digestive system too. Whatever changes he made would have been to save your life, I’m sure.”
Carrie nodded, having accepted that. It was still a jarring sight to see how rapidly she had changed, though she was relieved that the changes were integrated with better attention to aesthetic today.
The door opened with a hydraulic hiss, and Davis rushed inside a moment later. Penny had still been leaning against the bed, her paws on top with her head resting on Carrie’s stomach, but she accepted Davis’s usurpation of her spot with what appeared to be doggie graciousness. 
Carrie watched her dog pad out of the room, assuming she was going to check on her puppies, before finally bringing herself to look at Davis. At first, she wasn’t certain why she didn’t want to see him looking at her, but as his gaze focused on her left side and move down, she realized why. 
She didn’t want him to like her new side better than her old. It wasn’t just about her accepting the changes. She was the primary one who had to conform and adapt to what had become of her body, but these changes could also fundamentally alter her relationship with her mate. 
Strangely enough, she wasn’t worried about him being repulsed by the changes so much as she was concerned he would obviously prefer the cybernetic side to the human side. Would he find her lacking now that there was such a visible discrepancy between the two halves of herself, one showing him what she could be if she was fully like him? Would he wish for her to become completely cybernetic? 
That seemed like a possibility in light of how Owen had been managed to save her and replace parts of her body that had been irreparably damaged, but that wasn’t something she even wanted to consider. In her heart, she was human and always would be, and she couldn’t imagine giving up that side of herself completely, even to please her mate—especially to please her mate. That sort of request would be the kind of thing that would destroy her soul and break her heart. It would also end the bond between them, and she braced herself to hear it.
He made no mention of her appearance as he bent his head and brushed a kiss against the left side of her face. The cyborg side.
She tried to shove aside the thought, reminding herself he was on the left side of her bed, because Raven was on her right. It didn’t mean he had a preference, or that he was drawn to the cybernetic side of her. She needed to give him time to adjust, and she certainly required the same. She couldn’t afford to dwell on such trivialities under the circumstances.
That didn’t keep her from periodically noticing that Davis remained on her left side even when Raven excused herself a few minutes later. His hands remained on her at all times, always touching one part of her. His right hand was firmly enclosed around her left hand, and his left hand brushed ceaselessly over her body, resting at different spots in different times as he talked to her in a soft and reassuring tone. 
Each time he repositioned his hand, it was always to touch a part of her that now had blue skin, luminescent veins, and cybernetic parts. What did it mean? Was she letting her imagination run away with itself, or was he expressing an unconscious preference for the cyborg?


Chapter Nine 
Owen had allowed her to leave the medical center that same night, and she had gone straight to Davis’s quarters, where she had remained for the past two days. The only time she left was to take Penny out to use the potty, and she had declined Raven’s assistance to act as her guard. 
Was she still in danger from any of the cyborgs who might consider her a target? How could she be when she was technically a cyborg herself now? That didn’t mean she went around with a false sense of safety, and she kept her eyes open, but she saw no one for those two days.
Except Davis, who returned to quarters every night, bringing food to her. He’d been quiet and given her the space she needed for the first day, but he had pushed yesterday for some sort of interaction. She had put him off by saying she was tired, but she doubted he would let her cling to that excuse tonight. She still had no idea what she was going to say to him, and she didn’t know what she wanted from him—comfort or complete isolation.
She was on tenterhooks by the time he came in that evening, bearing the tray she had gotten used to seeing in his hand. She took it from him with a weak smile and started eating, hoping she could avoid conversation by keeping her attention focused on the meal. 
Surprisingly, he didn’t try to speak to her as she ate. Instead, he interacted with Penny and the puppies, who still did mostly nothing but sleep and eat. Their eyes weren’t even open yet, and on their own, they were absolutely adorable. Adding in the combination of Davis crouched on the floor, petting Penny while stroking a random pup, just about broke the cuteness scale. It sent warmth spiraling through her chest, and she set aside her tray to just watch him for a moment.
As soon as he became aware of her gaze on him, he looked up at her. His expression was tinged with confusion, but there was a steely determination in it as well. As he got to his feet, she braced herself to face him when she was still in a confused state herself.
He walked over to her, crouching on the floor by the chair where she sat, bringing them almost level. He took her hand in his, and she winced when it was the cybernetic one. Flinching, she tried to pull away, tugging harder when he wouldn’t allow it. “Let go. Please!”
He let out a broken sigh. “Have I done something? You’ve gone from pulling me closer to pushing me away. At first, I thought it was your injuries and needing healing time, but there’s more to it.” 
She bit her lip before looking away from him. “I’m fine. I just don’t feel like…”
“Being touched?” He punctuated the words by lifting her hand and shaking it in a meaningful way. “It’s as though you can’t stand to have me touch you. Is it your new skin? Perhaps your nerve endings aren’t calibrated correctly?”
She stopped trying to tug away her hand, and she also surrendered to the tears burning behind her eyes. She was amazed to feel moisture on her left cheek just the same as her right when the tears started to flow. For some reason, she had envisioned that eye being unable to cry, though she knew it was technically identical, if not superior, to the human eye she’d had.
He looked alarmed by her tears, and he reached out for her without touching. “Are you in pain?”
She shook her head, and her tears flowed more freely when he cupped her cheek. His palm pressed against her human flesh, which should have been reassuring. Instead, it just made her cry harder.
Abruptly, he stood up and lifted her into his arms before she could protest or even think about turning away. Instead of doing so, she curled against him, unable to turn off the voice in her mind that noted he lifted her left side, so that her cybernetic skin pressed against him rather than her human side.
He took her to the bed, but only to sit down, and placed her on his lap, his arm around her as he firmly pressed her face against his shoulder. He didn’t speak as she cried, but he rubbed his hand up and down her back, precisely down the middle, soothing both sides of her.
Finally, when the tears abated, she lifted her head and looked into his gaze. She was embarrassed by her emotional display, but when she would have turned her head away, he cupped her chin to prevent her from doing so.
“Talk to me. Why are you crying?”
“How can you ask that? Look at me. I’m half… I don’t know what the hell I am.”
He frowned at her. “You’re alive, and that’s what’s important.”
Carrie nodded immediately, certain he was right about that aspect. Whatever she was, it was certainly better than being dead. “I don’t dispute that, and I’m happy to be here, but I don’t know what I am now.”
His expression softened slightly. “You’re Carrie Morgan, just the same as you always were. You’re my mate, and the woman with whom I’m falling in love.”
She stilled at the words, eyes widened in shock. “But…”
He arched a dark brow. “But what? Cyborgs can’t love?”
She bit her lip as she shook her head. “No, that’s not what I meant.” But was it? She had spent time with the cyborgs, and she had seen them interact. They had friendships and emotions, and they were fundamentally the same as the humans she had known in her previous life. It shouldn’t be any surprise to find out that they could love too. A sudden fear crossed her mind, making her heart skip a beat. “When did you start falling in love with me?”
Davis appeared puzzled by the question. “I can’t pinpoint an exact time. I felt drawn to you from the moment I saw you, and I thought it was the same for you?”
She nodded, absentmindedly wiping the moisture off her face when she realized it hadn’t completely dried. “But you didn’t say anything until tonight.”
He frowned. “I brought it up once when you first mentioned thinking your purpose here was to end the war, but I’ll concede the discussion quickly changed direction. There hasn’t really been an opportunity to mention it since, has there?”
“Maybe. Or maybe you just didn’t feel it with the same intensity until the last two days.”
He scowled at her. “What are you insinuating? I feel like I’m being accused of something, but I have no idea what the crime might’ve been.”
Carrie immediately softened her tone. “I’m sorry to sound accusatory, but I need to know…” She pulled her hands away from him and bunched them in her lap, unable to keep looking at him for a moment. His hand on her chin had slackened, but after a moment, it tightened to nudge her face up again.
“What do you need to know?”
“Do you like me better now that I’m half-cyborg? Do you prefer that side of me? Because I’m human, I think. I don’t want you to prefer the mechanical side, or pressure me to become fully cybernetic like most of you.”
He looked flummoxed for a moment before he blinked. “I would never pressure you to do such a thing. The reason most of us have fully cybernetic skin these days is strictly a matter of practicality. It heals faster, and most of us have lost our human flesh long ago in various battles.”
“Oh, but—”
He ignored her interruption. “It might surprise you to know when I first volunteered to be a cyborg, I had a cybernetic arm, two cybernetic legs, and a cybernetic exoskeleton implanted over my rib cage after it was irreparably crushed. Otherwise, I was still fully human, and my skin was similar to yours. I had patches of blue that blended with my human skin tone. 
“Over the years, I’ve given up all human skin out of necessity, but that doesn’t mean I prefer a cybernetic state. I have no true preference, to be honest. It is what it is, and I’m happy to be alive. That’s the ultimate thing to celebrate about the technology we have. It keeps us alive, even if it slightly alters our appearance.”
“It’s more than slightly though.” She waved a hand down her body. “I look like someone literally sewed two disparate beings together.”
He let out a little sigh. “You look as beautiful as you did before, and I’m certain it will take you time to adjust, but the rest of us have already done so. You’re one of us now, even more so than you were before, but only physically. It’s up to you to fully integrate, and you were well on your way to doing so before the synthetic attacked you. The only person who can change that is you.”
She bit her lip until she tasted blood before abruptly withdrawing. “It’s just so different. What do I do now?”
“You can do the same thing you did before, which was stay on the base and help out around here, or you can join some of the scouting parties, or you could become a scavenger. We always have need for people to seek out supplies, especially terbium.”
She allowed herself to be briefly sidetracked from her identity crisis. “What’s terbium?” Raven had mentioned it once, but she hadn’t bothered to ask about it then. At the time, it hadn’t been relevant to her, but it suddenly seemed like it would be.
“It’s a derivative from bastnäsite or monazite, which we still have to mine. It’s critical for keeping our systems functioning and is a main component in our nutrient fluid. It’s not easy to find and requires hard work, so extra hands are always appreciated.”
Her eyes widened. “You’d let me go out there with the others to search?”
His mouth tightened. “I won’t like it, but I couldn’t stop you. I wouldn’t if it’s something you wanted to do, even though it’s not safe. It’s not safe for any of us, but that’s the reality. The other reality is if we don’t have terbium, we die. So if that’s your calling, Raven can take you out with her on her next mission. If you decide what you want, I’ll try to help you make it happen.”
It was the genuine acceptance in his eyes, along with the calm certainty in his tone, that eased most of her fears. While she was still a bit confused about her identity, and uncertain if she would be able to easily adapt to her new appearance, she was no longer concerned that he preferred the cybernetic side of her. He had accepted her as she was now far more easily than she could do herself.
He grunted when she unexpectedly shifted in his lap and pushed him down on the bed. He seemed surprised, but certainly not unwilling, when her fingers moved over him to strip off his clothing. He leaned back, arms splayed, and opened himself to her. Carrie appreciated the sign of trust, and she allowed herself to be as open with him as he was with her.
The kisses started out slow and gentle, but quickly escalated to needful. Her hand stroked down his body, her mouth soon following the trail her fingers had forged. He let out a harsh sigh when she reached her destination. 
She slipped her lips around his shaft, encompassing his erection with her mouth and taking in as much as she could. She teased and stroked him with her lips and tongue, until he was moaning and arching frantically against her. Then she deepened the suction, reveling in the way his body jerked under hers just before he stiffened in her mouth and started coming.
After that, it was a blur of motion entangled limbs as he flipped her over, settled between her splayed thighs, and surged inside her. She discovered she was exactly the same on the inside as she’d always been, and her sheath clung to him tightly, and in a way that left no doubt of her welcome. 
When they had both reached satisfaction, they lay replete in each other’s arms, and she curled against him. As she was starting to drift off, the thought filtered through her mind that his arm was snugly over the right side of her waist, completely in contact with her human skin. Dozing off after the loving they’d just shared, she realized how silly it was to be worried about such a thing anyway. She would adjust to her new state, and he’d clearly already done so. She had no doubts or uncertainties about that as she slipped off to sleep.
***
She decided to venture out with Raven two days later, which was the next time her friend was on a scavenging rotation. Their sensors could tell them where to find good deposits of the minerals they needed, and she also discovered why she wouldn’t have been allowed to do this task when she was fully human. Both metals were radioactive, and while her cybernetic components could quickly heal the damage, the radiation would be enough to kill the average human after a short time.
Carrie was nervous when she followed Raven and several other cyborgs into a mine. There was evidence that they had been excavating for a while, including a manual lift that worked on a pulley system, along with lights that appeared to have been shoved seamlessly into the wall. She didn’t know how the technology worked, but it provided ample illumination. In fact, it was brighter in the mine than it was outside with the haze of dust in the atmosphere.
Soon, they were all on the lift, and she held her breath as they descended, moved downward by two of the cyborgs controlling the pulley system that lowered them deep into the mineshaft. There was a moment of fear when they descended farther than the lights provided by the main level could reach, but by the time the lift opened at their destination, and light returned, she was far calmer than she had been. 
There was still an air of adventure about the whole thing, along with a strong dose of uncertainty. She’d certainly never been a miner in her previous life four hundred years before, but she was anxious to contribute to the community and try something new.
It took less than a half-hour for the new to wear off, and Davis had definitely been right. It was hard work, and physically demanding. Even with the technology they had, including ultrasonic vibration machinery that did most of the rock breaking for them, it was the most difficult task she’d ever undertaken.
Two hours in, she was definitely noticing the difference between her cyborg and human sides. The left side was still functioning smoothly without aches and pains, while the right side was starting to feel the overexertion. She was certain she’d soon build up the muscles required, but it was a sharp reminder of her new state. 
Surprisingly, it didn’t concern her too much. Maybe she was coming around to the new version of herself, or perhaps she was just too tired from mining to get emotionally angsty about the whole thing at the moment. Either way, she shoved aside concerns and continued on her task without allowing doubts to fill her mind.
Raven worked nearby, and she kept up a steady flow of chatter to which Carrie tried to respond. The more she worked, the more difficult it became to focus on conversation, and she started letting Raven’s words wash over her in a pleasant haze. That must have been why she initially failed to heed her friend’s warning, not noticing the words until Raven’s tone had taken on a sharp edge. She blinked as she looked over at Raven. “What did you say?”
“Back away slowly. You’ve reached a weak area. You can tell by the brittleness of the rocks.”
Carrie looked down, straining to see what her friend meant. “I don’t—” She broke off abruptly as her left eye picked up tiny cracks appearing under her feet. “Oh, no.” She started to take a step back, but it was already too late. 
The rock broke underneath her, and she plunged downward. A shout escaped her, and she scrabbled to grab hold of anything to break her fall, but all that accomplished was scraping her hands. There was nothing to hold onto, and nothing to stop the sharp descent that ended with a bone-jarring crash jolting through her entire body. Blackness immediately crashed over her, and she lost all awareness.


Chapter Ten

She wasn’t certain how long she was unconscious, but when she woke, pain consumed her, mostly centered on her right side, but also at the back of her head. She tried to sit up, but froze when a voice beside her spoke.
“Go easy there. I think you have a serious concussion.”
Slowly, Carrie turned her head in the direction of the voice, and she was certain she recognized the features before her. They belonged to whomever had coordinated the attack with the synthetic. 
She tried to scramble backward, but all that accomplished was sending pain down her spine. The left side of her was faring far better than the right, but she wasn’t in any shape to get up and move around just yet. At that moment, she wished Owen had fully converted her skeleton, skin, and vascular system to a cybernetic one so she could heal more rapidly.
“That was quite a fall.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t finish me off,” said Carrie in a raspy voice.
The black woman frowned, looking startled. “Why would I do that?”
Without thought, she shrugged her right shoulder before a dart of agony reminded her why that was a bad idea. “I’m not sure why you had your synthetic attack me either, but you did. I was fully human then.”
The woman shook her head, and the motion caused the hood she’d been wearing to fall to her shoulders and reveal a vibrant fall of dark, kinky curls. “I saved you. I didn’t attack you or have that thing go after you.”
Carrie snorted. “Your definition of saving is different from mine.” She looked at her left side ruefully for a moment.
“If I hadn’t used a pulser on that thing, it would have finished you off. I wasn’t trying to hurt you. I was just happy to see someone finally show up to meet us, and then the synthetic appeared. I did what I could to help you, whether or not you believe that.”
Carrie eyed her doubtfully, but could find no hint of artifice in the features before her. “What’s a pulser?”
“It sends a small EMP pulse outward. It’s not enough to destroy them, but it temporarily short-circuits their systems, kind of like pressing reset. That’s how it was described to me. It’s enough to allow us to escape, and it usually wipes the last few seconds of their memory as well, from what we can tell.”
Carrie’s head was pounding, which made it difficult to follow the words for a moment. “Why would you be afraid of the synthetics? You made them.”
The woman let out a harrumphing sound. “I didn’t do anything of the kind. It was my ancestors who started this mess, and my great-grandfather was one of the few deemed worthy of saving when they made the decision to deploy the weapon that they knew would destroy just about everything aboveground, but don’t blame me for that.”
Carrie lifted a hand to rub down her face, wincing when she found traces of blood above her right eye. “I guess I didn’t mean you personally, but I’m confused. Don’t the synthetics work for you? They were the replacement for the cyborgs, right? Meant to be obedient and wipe out the cyborg problem?”
“I’ve heard that was their purpose, but they must’ve disagreed. They were programmed to believe cyborgs are fundamentally flawed, and their own logic led them to the conclusion that humans are even more fundamentally flawed, since cyborgs are merely an “enhanced” version of humans. They’re out to destroy us just as much as they are to kill you cyborgs. That’s why I hope we can make peace between us and find a way to fight them together.”
Carrie’s eyes widened. “You want to work together with the cyborgs? You genuinely mean that? After I was attacked, I was certain it was just a trap, which is what they all believe after the last time they tried to meet with you.”
“That wasn’t a trap either. The synthetics tracked the humans and attacked both sides that day. We lost a lot of our people, and we continue to lose more each year this conflict continues. To be blunt, this enclave doesn’t have a lot of people left to lose.”
“I’m not sure you’ll get the cyborgs to believe that. Sounds like they have good reason to fear and hate humans.”
The woman’s shoulders squared, and there was look of determination on her face. “And I intend to give them a reason to change their minds. Are you willing to help me, or do you want this conflict to continue until we’re all dead?”
“I’ll help you if I can, but I’m not sure how influential I’ll be. I’m a recent arrival myself.”
“Why don’t you tell me about that while we get you back to the living quarters?” As she spoke, she stood up and took off her duster. “You’d better put this on, or you’ll scare the humans back at the enclave.”
With some assistance from the human woman, Carrie managed to get to her feet. It startled her to realize she had classified the woman as human and was already feeling a divide from her that was deeper than just the external changes. In an effort to do away with the disconnect, she said, “I’m Carrie Morgan, formerly of Denver, Colorado, circa four hundred and thirty years ago or so.”
The black woman’s eyes widened significantly. “You’re claiming to be a time traveler?” Her skepticism was obvious.
“I am, and I’ll tell you all about it on the way. What’s your name?”
“I’m Gwen Harrison, and I’m the leader of the enclave. There’s no one left who wants the thankless task.”
Instead of holding out a hand to shake, Carrie put an arm around the other woman’s waist, using her for support as they moved gingerly away from the pile of debris that had scattered around when she had fallen and landed so hard.
Each step felt like torture in the beginning, but as she immersed herself in conversation and focused on her companion, Carrie found the pain fading. She wasn’t certain if it was the distraction of the meeting, or if her healing ability had kicked in, or a combination of the two, but by the time she they stopped at the mouth of the cave through the passageway they had navigated, she was only limping a little and feeling much better than she had.
Gwen hesitated. “I’m not asking you to hide that you’re a cyborg, but I do need you to be discreet for a bit until I have a chance to prepare them. None of us know how cyborgs will react to us, since we’re technically at war. None of them know I’ve been sending out messages to try to set up a meeting except for Leith, who’s our communications person. He keeps the rickety equipment running enough to send the transmissions, and he helps me determine the safest coordinates for meetings. Even he thinks I’m mad, but is willing to go along with it because he knows our choices are rapidly dwindling.”
Carrie pulled the duster tighter around her face and did her best to obscure her left side as she took a step back, allowing Gwen to precede her. She followed the other woman into a larger opening in the underground pathway. She’d learned during their walk that it had once been a government bunker meant to secure dignitaries and the people deemed important enough to save. It could still function as a bunker, but now it housed one of the last few remaining enclaves of humans about which Gwen had any knowledge. 
Most of the enclaves had lost touch over the years, and she didn’t know if there were survivors among any of them except one other group that was hundreds of miles away and impossible to reach on foot. Their communication equipment was faulty and often dropped the connection, so Gwen had told her they were lucky to speak with the other group once or twice a year.
At first, no one seemed to realize Gwen had brought in a stray, which allowed Carrie a moment to observe them without mutual curiosity. From what she saw, it was mostly older people moving around in the open area. There were more women than men, and only a few children. She assumed there were more people who weren’t moving around the main gathering area, but it was a grim sight if this was one of the last surviving groups of human civilization.
Abruptly, the two children who had been chasing each other caught sight of them and came running over. The little girl moved more sedately than her clearly younger brother, but was obviously equally eager to reach Gwen.
The little boy arrived first, throwing himself against Gwen. “Mama, Mama, Britta said you wouldn’t be back.”
Gwen frowned. “Did you tell your brother that, young lady?”
Britta shook her head, frowning. “I said you wouldn’t be back until late tonight, Mama. I told him I’d tuck him in if you weren’t back.”
Gwen nodded, and her expression was soft as she knelt down to hug both of the children. “That was very nice of you, Britta. I’m sure Pollux would appreciate you giving him a bedtime story if I’m not around do it.” She looked up at Carrie. “I always try to be home for that, but sometimes things happen.”
Carrie nodded.
“Who’s she?” asked Pollux, his brown eyes big with curiosity.
“This is my new friend, Carrie. She’s come to meet everyone, and we have some things to talk about.”
“Grown-up things?” asked Pollux with a hint of indignation.
Gwen nodded. “Yep, so you and Britta will have to find somewhere else to play in a little bit.”
“It’s not fair,” said Britta in a sharp tone. “I’m almost eight years old. Pollux is a baby, because he’s only four, but I’m old enough to stay.”
Carrie carefully hid a twitch of her lips, not wanting to offend the child. It was obvious from Gwen’s posture that this was a common argument, suggested by her air of weariness.
“You’re a very mature young lady, and that’s why I need you to keep an eye on Pollux while we discuss important matters.”
Britta seemed to consider her words for a moment before sighing. “Fine, Mama.”
“When do we have to leave?” asked Pollux.
“Soon. I’m going to have Leith call everyone in.” She turned to look at Carrie. “Radios,” she added.
Carrie nodded her understanding, and then took an abrupt and automatic step back when Pollux approached. Normally, she had no reason to fear children and enjoyed interacting with them, but the awareness of how he would be frightened if he saw her face kept her from engaging him.
He stared up at her anyway, seeming undeterred by her moving away. “Where did you come from? Are you in the Alaska enclave? Did you walk all that way? Mama says Alaska used to be covered in snow, and she showed us pictures. Is it really covered in snow? Is it really all gone like she says it is now?”
“I’m not from Alaska, but the one time I visited, there was a lot of snow. That was a long time ago though.”
“How long?” asked Pollux as he moved closer still.
“Umm…” How did she answer that? In her time, it would have been about seven years ago, when she had gone on an Alaskan cruise with her parents. It had been one of their last family vacations together. Was the answer more like four hundred and thirty-seven years? That was far too much to try to explain in a brief amount of time, so she settled for shrugging. “It’s just been a really long time. I wouldn’t be surprised if all the snow is gone now, just guessing from what I’ve seen where we are.”
He came closer still, reaching out to touch her duster. “How come you’re wearing Mama’s coat?”
“She was cold,” said Gwen.
“It looks better on my mama. You’re too short for it.”
That startled a laugh out of Carrie, and she brought up a hand to hold in the giggles. It wasn’t until she saw Britta’s face turn ashen and Pollux stumble back a step that she realized she had brought up her left hand instead of her right. The faintly blue skin was visible for all to see, and it provoked an uproar around her. There was a combination of angry voices tinged with fear and movement from all sides as people either scattered or tried to press closer in a threatening fashion.
She reared back, pressing her shoulder against the wall of the cave when she reached it, unaware until that moment that she had been backing away as they pressed closer. “I’m not going to hurt you.”
Gwen stepped in front of her, physically shielding her with her body. “Stop this right now. I brought Carrie here so we can make peace. We’ve fought needlessly, and we’ve been enemies with the cyborgs for far too long. It’s time to end things, and you’re ruining it by frightening her.”
Carrie took a deep breath and step forward, pulling back the cloak to reveal her face. There was a stunned silence, followed by gasps of shock and a few cries that could have been fear or repulsion. She tried not to let it bother her, though it did. 
“I have a lot in common with you, all of you. Until a few days ago, I was completely human. The cyborgs took me in, and when I was injured by one of the synthetics, they saved my life with their technology. I’m not on either side, and I have a unique perspective. I think peace is in everyone’s best interest, especially if the synthetics are out to get both our groups. I don’t want to fight with you, and I’m certainly not going to hurt you. I hope you won’t hurt me either.”
An older woman stepped forward, and she appeared to be the oldest one in the group. “How do we know you’re telling the truth?”
Carrie shrugged. “I guess you have no way of knowing for sure, but I’m not lying. I’ve only recently been thrust into the situation.” As quickly as possible, she relayed the events that had brought her to their time period. She could see the skepticism on the faces around her, but she couldn’t do anything to change that either. It was only when she got to the point of revealing that Davis was her mate that voices rose again in protest.
The older woman was glaring at her. “You claim to be in a relationship with one of those cyborgs? They’re as unfeeling as synthetics.”
Carrie glared at her. “No, they aren’t. They’re a lot like you, and in fact, they were once just like you. For a variety of reasons, they chose to become cyborgs, or were forced into it, but they retain their humanity. I hope I can say the same for you.”
After a moment, the older woman bent her head. “I’m sorry. I’m regurgitating what I’ve heard, and I should know better by now.”
Carrie let her voice soften. “I understand. I can’t imagine being in your position, and I couldn’t imagine being in the cyborgs’ until a few days ago. This was all bewildering to me. I went from crocheting in my living room to being embroiled in a cyborg-human war.”
“It’s my fault,” said the older woman.
“That isn’t true, abuelita,” said a man who was probably two decades younger than her, and likely around sixty.
“Indirectly, I am. Henry—that was my husband, and the leader of the program that decided to unleash the weapon that would destroy the ionic bonds and hopefully wipe out the cyborgs, though they knew it would also kill humans—asked if I thought we were doing the right thing. I was trying to be a good wife and supportive, and I thought I was acting in humanity’s best interest when I encouraged him to do what had to be done. Of course, I made sure my family was safe first.” Bitterness tinged her words. “So please don’t let me stop your attempts at making peace, Gwen.”
“It certainly won’t, Elena, but you’re being too hard on yourself. Ultimately, you weren’t the one who made the call, and I doubt Carrie is going to let your initial lack of welcome frighten her away.”
Carrie took another step to stand in line right beside Gwen. “No, I won’t. It’s far too important to form an alliance and make this work. We all need peace, and we need to bring an end to the synthetics.”
“We can’t afford not to make peace,” said Gwen. “We’ve lost too many people. Most of the able-bodied adults are gone, and even more of the men. We’ve all lost someone. I lost Stephen…” Her voice broke on the word for a moment before she cleared her throat. “Britta and Pollux lost their father. We all have similar stories, and I’m sure the cyborgs have their own. We can’t let anything jeopardize an alliance, and it has to start with a cease-fire.”
Carrie opened her mouth to agree, but was prevented from doing so by the sudden discharge of a plasma weapon. It just barely missed her, and she cried out. Ducking down instinctively, she looked around for the source of whomever had attacked her. 
She fully expected it to be one of the humans, so it was like a punch in the solar plexus when she saw MX409 suddenly looming over her as the humans scattered out of his way. His weapon was centered directly on her, and a brief glance at his face revealed he was fully committed to firing and ending her life.
Later, Carrie couldn’t be certain if Elena had deliberately drawn MX’s fire, or if it had been an accident. Either way, when she stumbled and crashed into Carrie, it sent her flying, and MX’s weapon struck the old woman instead. Carrie cried out, but she was the only one, since Elena immediately fell silent and dropped to the ground with a strange, innate gracefulness. She scrambled closer to the elderly lady, still wary of the weapon MX409 held, and soon realized there was no need to feel for a pulse. There was a huge hole in the woman’s chest and abdomen.
Tears scalded her eyes as she glared up at MX. “Why did you do that? She was just an old woman.”
“She’s a human and plotting against us, just like you.”
She was certain he was going to try to kill her again, and she searched frantically for a means of escape. It came in a surprising form as Britta held up a small handheld device and pointed it at MX. He started twitching, and the luminescent quality of his veins flickered for a moment. He dropped his weapon and looked confused. “What’s happening?”
Carrie didn’t bother waiting around to explain it to him. She was just guessing, but assumed the child had used the pulser on him. Since he didn’t have a cybernetic brain, it hadn’t been enough to short-circuit his system, but it had disrupted the ionic bond between his human and mechanical parts long enough to incapacitate him briefly.
She wasn’t certain to where she was running, but she had to get away from him, so she surrendered to the urge. Carrie ran a few feet before slamming into something hard and solid, which stole her breath. 
It took her a long moment to regain her equilibrium and realize the thing she’d run into was actually Davis. Looking at his expression, along with the set of his shoulders and the way he crossed his arms over his chest, she guessed he was an angry Davis. She licked her lips. “Davis, is everything all right?”
He let out a small breath that sounded ragged a second before hauling her into his arms. “It is now. We’ve come to rescue you from the humans.”
She shook her head, frantically pushing against his chest so she could see his face. “There’s no need to rescue me from them. They’re on our side. MX409 is the one you need to deal with. He tried to kill me because he thought I had betrayed you, and he ended up killing an old woman instead.”
Davis’s eyes widened, and he seemed to be considering her words for a moment. While he considered, she looked over his shoulder by stretching on her tiptoes and peering off to the side, unsurprised to find at least a dozen cyborgs behind him. “Were you mounting a rescue party?”
He nodded just once. “Everyone who’s here is strictly volunteer, but you should know I had to restrict the number of people who could come. Practically the whole base volunteered.”
That warmed her, and she snuggled closer to him for a brief moment before reality intruded in the form of a crying child.
Abruptly recalling the circumstances, and where they were, Carrie turned away from him, though he didn’t allow her to leave his side. Three cyborgs now surrounded MX, who had collapsed to the floor and looked like he was still shaken. The crying came from Pollux, who was snuggled tightly against Gwen. She wasn’t certain which issue was the source of his tears, but imagined it was a combination of all factors—MX trying to kill her and succeeding in killing Elena, the incursion by the cyborgs, and the resulting chaos.
“Gwen wants a cease-fire.”
Davis stirred slightly behind her. “Who’s Gwen?”
She pointed to the leader of the enclave, who was currently holding both her children and rocking them in a maternal fashion that sent a pang of longing through Carrie that she couldn’t deny. “That’s Gwen. She leads the enclave. She said the synthetics are out to destroy the humans too. It would be in our best interest to make peace.”
He nodded, his body softening slightly behind her as both of his arms slipped around her waist. “That sounds like a sensible idea.”
“What about Max…MX?”
“He’ll go in the brig for now until he can explain his actions. Then we’ll decide how to proceed.”
She let out a shaky breath and melted completely against him. “I was certain he was going to kill me, and I didn’t think I’d ever see you again.” She turned around slowly in his arms, twining hers around his shoulders and uncaring that they had an audience of human and cyborgs. “I love you, Davis. I guess Freydon Rote was right. I am your mate.”
He grinned at her. “He was one hundred percent right about that, and he was right about something else too.”
She arched a brow. “What’s that?”
“You have brought an end to the war with the humans. We aren’t done fighting, but the conflict with the humans appears to be over, and they’ll be our allies.”
As his words permeated her brain, she let out a small sigh of contentment. She hadn’t been a fool to believe in Rote’s words after all. The route to this point had been complex, with a series of twists and turns she hadn’t expected, but she had fulfilled her destiny and was right where she belonged—in her mate’s arms, on a bleak world, more than four hundred years in her future. Right then, it was the most amazing place to be, and she whispered a silent thanks to Freydon Rote as Davis bent his head to kiss her.


Epilogue

Freydon Rote beamed as he reviewed the footage of the cyborg general and his mate sharing a kiss. He quickly added notations to the file, smiling the entire time. Theirs had been another successful match, though he hadn’t expected anything less. In all his years as an agent, he’d never made a bad match. 
As an added bonus, matching up Carrie and DVS84 would lead to more matches among their groups. He would still need to check in with them and make notations, but unless something truly unexpected happened, he had no plans or need to interact with them again. 
As always, that left him with a slight ache of melancholy, but it was quickly eclipsed by the pleasure in another match well-made. He would observe their progress and their future, and the futures of the community around them, and that would be the limit of his interaction. It was the bittersweet role of a Celestial Mates agent, and he took pride in his role.
Before closing the file for the time being on Carrie and DVS84, he quickly reviewed the timeline ahead of them, opening new files for matings yet to come. Though he knew the outcome, he still anticipated observing the events as they aligned to bring together more couples among the cyborgs and humans. With a long sigh of satisfaction, he saved his work and logged out of the system, done for another day, but nowhere close to finished making matches for lonely souls among the galaxies.
******

