MATTHEW RETURNS
© Copyright 2001 by Terry Aspinall
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means – electronic, mechanical, photographic (photocopying) recording, or otherwise – without prior permission in writing from the author.
ISBN : 9781301721092
Published by Terry Aspinall
Smashwords Edition
This book is available at most online retailers for more information please contact:<terry@terryaspinall.com>

This E-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.
Introduction
Matthew has been discharged from the British Army after serving 22 years. He returns to Suffolk and the small country side town of Stowmarket, in which he grew up. At first he finds it hard to settle back into the life he once knew. Finding it hard to obtain employment with skills he had picked up while in the Army. However, a shock awaits him when it comes to finding himself a girl friend.
Short Love Story
This book is a work of fiction. All names, characters, locations and incidents are the product of the author's imagination, or have been used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead, locals or events is entirely coincidental.
Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1. Returning Home.
Chapter 2. Born Again Worker.
Chapter 3. Haunted By A Moment.
Chapter 4. Fighting A Losing Battle.
Chapter 5. Double Sided Trouble.
Chapter 6. Chaos And Mayhem.
Chapter 7. Picking Through The Pieces.

A Different Ending

Further Publications from This Author
Chapter 1
Returning Home
As Matthew approached the small Suffolk country town of Stowmarket, he was greeted by a large green reflective road sign, informed him that he was about to enter the towns boundary. This would be the first time he had returned to the town after an absence of twenty two years. He had finally returned to his birthplace, to his roots, as he often referred to it. Stowmarket was the town he had grown up in, where he’d enjoyed all of the exciting things that children get up to during their younger years. However, many of the parents preferred to label it as a miss spent youth. This was a little hypocritical when you consider that they had probably gone through the very same experience during their growing up. Matthew believed it to be a case of what he called sour grapes, with them not wanting others to enjoy the same experience they had. He remembered the older generation of the time had a saying for the youngsters, 'Don’t do what I do, do what I say', and we did, otherwise we received what they called a good hiding.
Just before he reached Combs Ford on the southern end of the town he found himself opposite the entrance to the ICI paints factory. It had changed a little in appearance, but that did not stop the memories starting to flood back to him. As a schoolboy he had undertaken a newspaper round to earn a little pocket money. The ICI gatehouse had been the furthest point that this paper round had taken him from the paper shop based in the Ford, as it was known by the locals. He chuckled to himself as he remembered all those cold frosty and sometimes very wet early mornings. Just to give the owners of the houses something of interest to read in the warm comfort of their houses over breakfast, while he was wet, cold and shivering, all for the handsome sum of eight shillings a week. He shook his head as he muttered to himself, that he would never forget those four years of cold morning misery. Although on the bright side it had been an apprenticeship in learning to get up early in the morning that would help once he entered the work force.
Across the slip road that led to the ICI factory main entrance was what Matthew remembered as the Cedars Country Club, a large stately looking building dating back many years. During some of which had been used as a gentleman's club where members could drink outside of the well policed drinking hours and enjoy the comforts of lady friends. This building had been the second from last port of call on while on his so called Needham Road newspaper run.
After arriving in the Combs Ford square, he parked his car in front of the Magpie public house and got out to stretch his legs and have a look around. There had not been many changes since he had left, it was pretty much as he remembered it. The Magpie looked as if it had recently been given a fresh coat of paint and there was a new sign hanging on the corner of the building high above the street. Next to it stood the newspaper shop from where Matthew had sorted his newspapers in to some resemblance of order, so that they came out of his paper bag in the correct order that he visited the houses on his round.
While directly across the road from the Magpie stood a second pub, the Gladstone Arms. With these two pubs being so close together one would have thought that they were in direct competition with each other for the local people's patronage. However, this had not been the case, because each Pub sold its own brand of beer that tasted so totally different from each other. Over the years the locals had acquired a taste for one or the other and knew which brand they preferred. Therefore when heading down the Ford for a drink as it was known, they would only visit the pub that sold the brand they preferred.
Continuing his glance around the square, his eyes next stopped at the old bridge positioned over the local stream that had twisted its way down through the county side from the Combs leather tannery factory, while on its way to join up with the river Gipping a few hundred meters away. Matthew used to tightrope walk across its rounded arched brick parapets, thinking himself good if he managed to balance himself right across the full length of the bridge. Failure to do so usually spelt disaster, ending with him having to jump down on to the road, hopefully missing any oncoming traffic that might have been crossing the bridge at the time. Or on the odd occasion when he had completely lost his balance and had fallen down the other side of the brickwork and ended up in the shallow smelly waters of the stream below.
Next his eyes settled on what used to be old man Chambers Bicycle Shop, this was where the children of the area purchased all the parts they constantly required to repair their bicycles. This was the main form of transport for most children at that time. They were also the days when he was into dirt bike racing and bicycle speedway. However, now the bike shop had gone and in its place was a fish and chip shop, oh well Matthew thought time moves on. Although thinking to himself that at some time it might become a Chinese Takeaway. Anyway everybody have cars these days so there can't be a market for bicycle parts, but fish and chips, well everybody eats them, probably while they sit in their cars. During Matthews time there had been two fishing chip shops within a couple of hundred yards of each other around the square.
Matthew got back into his car and proceeded to drive up Poplar Hill towards Combs. Much was still as he had remembered it, there was a tree missing here and the new house had gone up there, but basically it still remained pretty much as he remembered it. That was until he reached the area he was expecting to find the Prefab houses that used to stand on the Thorny View estate. They had all gone without a trace, and in their place now stood a selection of large detached four bedroom houses. This came as a big shock to him, he had once lived in one of the houses that had been hastily erected just after the end of the Second World War, to house the people in the town displaced by the ravages of war. He had intended stopping just to have a look at them and maybe take a walk round to suck in the atmosphere and scenery that he had once enjoyed. However, the sight of the large monstrosities that were scattered around the site where he had spent his childhood put him off. He drove straight passed heading further up the hill to where his Aunt Betty was now living. Matthew had earlier made arrangements to stay with her until he could found himself a job and hopefully some accommodation.
Aunt Betty met him at the front door and they spent a few moments hugging each other and savouring the moment of their first meeting in just over twenty years. Aunt Betty had been his favourite aunt, the only member of the family who had kept in touch with him during all those years, since Matthew had run away to join the Army. It had been Aunt Betty who had informed him off the tragic news that his Mother had passed away tragically in a car accident, only just a year after he left home. He had not even been able to return to her funeral as at that time he was serving in Northern Ireland. However, Aunt Betty had kept him informed and placed a solitary rose on the grave just for him, as she had each year since.
The rest of that day they spent together just talking and drinking cups of tea, catching up on all of the gossip that both of them had missed out on over the years. Although the conversation kept coming back to what Matthew was intending to do with himself now that he was back in Stowmarket. Firstly he made it plain that he was hoping to settle back into the town that he was brought up in. He would find himself a job, but he wasn’t too sure what he would do. Money was not really a problem after all he had served his full twenty-two years in the service, so he had a full pension to supplement any wage that he might be able to earn. It was going to be hard for him to settle into a new job, especially when interested parties learnt that his skills only incorporated unarmed combat, setting up bobby traps, disarming mines or bombs, and shooting rifles. Saboteur’s skills are not widely required in a small country town and even less in its manufacturing industries. Matthew accepted that there was not going to be many vacancies for those types of skills in a sleepy little town like Stowmarket. Accommodation well that could come later as long as Aunt Betty did not mind him being around and under her feet for a couple of weeks. He was intending to have a bit of a holiday before he even started looking for a job.
Next day Matthew took a bus ride up to the town's market place to have a look around and to get a feel for the town he had chosen to settle back into and make it his new home. However, a big shock awaited him as the town had almost trebled in size, from what he remembered all those years earlier. Stowmarket had now become one of the London overspill towns and had steadily grown with a large influx of cockneys. Here in Suffolk the new comers were offered space, a job, a house and a new way of country side living. However, in their haste, the large numbers that took up the governments offer to escape the cramped housing conditions of the London suburbs, had helped destroyed the unique way of country life that Matthew remembered and had enjoyed as a youngster.
Everywhere he went he could not get away from that unforgettable cockney twang in the peoples voices, as they walked and swirled all around him as he slowly window shopped his way through the town. His most unforgettable memory that first day was that he did not see one person that he remembered from way back. There were no old Teddy Boy mates, no old school chums, no work mates, no nothing.  Surely there must be one person still around from his teenage years, they can’t all have moved away and disappeared.
Being Thursday it was Market day and a lot of people from out of town were swelling the ranks of the locals. Matthew began wondering that maybe this was the reason why he was not able to find anybody that he could connect with his past. However, he was also aware that being the daytime most of his old friends if they were still around would probably be working. Although some of them could be on holiday or perish the thought, they might even have died.
 The pub that’s where they’ll all be, he thought, I’m bound to find somebody there. So he made his way to the Greyhound, situated by the main traffic lights very close to the market square. The bar was full, but once again he did not recognise one of the happy smiling faces. They were mainly market folk, here for either the selling or buying of live stock or in some other way were connected to the animal sale yards that drew these people to Stowmarket on a Thursday. After downing a small glass of beer, he headed off across the road to the Queens Head Hotel, another well-known haunt for young people all those years before.
This was more like it he thought, as sat around the bar on high stools were a few faces he did recognise from the past. However, there was nobody that he could walk up to and immediately start up a conversation with, but none the less he did know them as people who had grown up in his era. Then as he looked towards the corner he noticed a group of people playing darts and amongst them was the first face he immediately recognised from the past.
It was Brian Lawrence, they both recognised each other at the same time, and walking towards each other with hands out stretch they met up, and shook hands for almost a full minute. Both were smiling and a flood of questions came from each of them. Brian got the drinks in and they settled down at a table by the dartboard, for what turned out to be a long question and answer session that greets most people who have not met for over twenty years.
Brian had been a class mate throughout their entire time at the local secondary modern school. It was Brian who had eventually talked Matthew into joining the Army, so they had a lot in common and a lot to talk about. He had been home on leave after serving abroad for eighteen months and had lots of stories to tell of all his escapades. He had caught Matthew at a time when he had been down in the dumps and at a cross roads in his life. He had big problems to solve, and according to Brian the only way he was going to solve them was to run away and start afresh somewhere. Brian was just offering him an easy way out, somewhere to go, and anyway it did sound interesting and fun, the whole proposition sounded like it was an answer to his prayer. Matthew had pumped Brian for as much detail as possible, mind you he was only hearing the good things the rosy side of service life and what he had gotten up to. Most people tend to gloss over the bad, as if it never happened or even make up a few things to cover it up, the bad is never talked about. He had since learnt that the bad is just accepted as a way of life, get on with it, do it and enjoy the good that will surely come your way in the end.
The following day Matthew had taken a bus trip to Ipswich and visited the Army recruitment office at the bottom of Lloyds Avenue, and before he left the building he had signed along the dotted line and joined the Army for nine years. He then kept it quiet from everybody not daring to tell a soul, not even his mother. It was a full month before he was due to report to Aldershot for his basic training, one of the longest months of his life. A month which just seemed to drag on and on, he was scared to confide in anybody and to tell them of his plans. When the big day finally arrived Matthew had just told his Mother that he had taken a job and was going away for a few months.
The most amazing thing was that he had enjoyed the service life and over the years he had worked his way up to the rank Sergeant. Even his active service tours of duty and there were a few of them had been to his liking. He’d visited a few exotic places around the world, and he’d enjoyed the travel and the places. For a guy who had joined up on the spur of the moment it had all turned out good for him. Once his nine years were up he had signed along the dotted line for a further 13 years. However, once his full 22 years was completed he had been very disappointed at the prospect of having to return to civilian street, as it was known. He would have been more than happy to stay in the service for the rest of his life. Therefore, he found it hard to believe that all of a sudden after all of those years he was not wanted, he was on the scrap heap as they say. He was too old, or at least that’s what they told him, he had to move on and make way for the youngsters that were coming up through the ranks, and anyway he’d been told that they were much fitter than he was. This had hit a raw nerve with Matthew as he had always kept himself very fit and in good condition, he could run rings around most of the other guys. However, rules are rules, he had completed his full term and he had to move on, so this was why he now found himself back in Stowmarket. Not having visited the town for the past twenty years, many memories soon came flooding back to him. Surely it had not been such a bad place after all he thought, so why not make a triumphant return.
Brian had insisted on buying most of the beer and by the time they parted company they were both a little merry and a bit worse for wear by its affect. Matthew suddenly remembered to ask if he knew of any work in the area. Brian laughed as he explained that there was nothing for ex Army guys in this town and that he would more than likely end up like him. As far as the Military cared it was a case of out of sight and out of mind. They had taken the best years of your life, and now you had to make the best of what they have left you.
"That’s why you found me here, with nothing else to do, no work just drinking and playing darts".
 "You must be joking, there must be something I can do," Matthew replied.
"Well yes there is, but it's not the sort of thing that I’m going to lower myself to do, I’m just going to limp along on my service pension the best way that I can. However, if you're interested there is the lawn mower factory, they’re always looking for vegetables to work on their assembly lines. But that’s not for me mate, it would drive me crazy" said Brian.
"But surely it keeps you occupied and gives you a chance to meet people, stops you ending up talking to yourself and going insane". Matthew continued.
"Christ after all we are only in our early forties mate, we are not ready for the box just yet, are we," said Matthew.
They parted company the best of friends promising to meet again for another drink, and anyway Matthew knew where to find him he wasn’t going anywhere. With an attitude like that, he probably slept behind the bar at nights as well, so he wouldn’t miss opening time the following morning, or that maybe he was scared that somebody might pinch his favourite bar stool. It went through his head about the lawn mower factory, it had always been a job of last resort even when he had left school, although at that time it had been called the Suffolk Iron factory. At least it was a job and if he found something better well then he could change it later. He decided not to rush in to it after all he had time on his side and at least he had some money in his pocket to get him by for a time being.
He spent a week visiting places that he remembered from his past and a couple of old family relatives. Once he had seen the first of his old friends it became easier to spot more and more of them as they seemed to come out of the woodwork, it was just a case of knowing where to look. A bit like when he was overseas in the Army and first ended up in the Jungle expecting to find a snake hanging from every tree just like in the Tarzan movies. However, it had been almost three months before he saw his very first snake. After that and knowing where to look, he saw them more frequently. Much the same as with his old friends he thought, the trick is knowing where to look.
It soon became very boring for him. He had managed to find a few of his old friends. However, just like he had thought during the daytime they were all at work, and at night’s well they were married and now had families, so not many of them ventured out, Matthews first response was that they were under the thumb. It became a little lonely for him and he soon started thinking about the lawn mower. At least it would stop the boredom and give him some thing to do, the last thing he wanted right now was to end up playing darts every day of his life just like Brian. Maybe he would find a few new friends especially one of the female types and that was what he needed right now female company. Matthew had never married mainly because of his travelling around the world in the service. He did not think it right to expect a wife to spend all of that time on her own and to be faithful as well, that would be hard on the both of them. However, he had not been a saint in the courting stakes either, having had several long-term affairs, but nothing that had blossomed in to a permanent relationship. Twice he had come close to marriage but just the thought of proposal had put him off, no he was quite happy to play the field, and he had been successfully at it over the years.
One morning as he went into the Ford newspaper shop for the East Anglian Daily Times, just on the off chance that the situations vacant column contained an offer that he thought too good to resist. He spied a small card in the window, which read, 'Room to rent apply within'. So he did, getting all of the details and where to go from the good looking young girl behind the counter, who just happened to be the daughter of the person advertising the room. It was more of a case that she liked the look of Matthew otherwise she would not have given him the address. He thanked her very much and said that he hoped to see her later if he was lucky that is with the room.
Within the hour Matthew was knocking on the door of a house in Temple Road, up along side of the Regal Cinema. A very nice looking woman who Matthew guessed as being around his own age answered the door. Matthew introduced himself and started to explain that he had seen her advert in the paper shop window advertising a room for let. However, he was cut off short as the woman told him that her daughter had rang and told her that there was a nice looking guy coming to see her.
"My names Janice, Janice Burns you had better come inside and we can have a chat" she said trying to sound sexy.
Matthew was lead into a very large, what must have been the lounge room and offered a seat on the settee and Janice sat down beside him. Matthew felt a little crowded as there seemed to be plenty of other chairs in the room, but she had chosen to squeeze into the same settee as him. He could not help but notice once again that she was a very attractive woman with what looked like very soft natural short blonde hair. She was a neat slim looking woman, and was quite large in the chest area and more that once he found himself staring at them, and feeling a little embarrassed when she caught him in the act. However, it did not seem to bother her, to the contrary she seemed to enjoy the attention they were getting. The male’s sexual preferences drop into two categories, boobs or bum and in these stakes Matthew was boobs man, so immediately she had something that caught his eye. His first reaction to the site that greeted him was that you do not get many of them to the pound. Her makeup was not plastered on like some women he had met in the past. No it had only been applied very lightly just enough to bring out the best of her looks.
Janice went on to explain the house, and how it was too big for her since her husband had run off with a younger girl a couple of years earlier. She also explained how she needed the extra money that it might bring in for her to pay for its up keep. It had been handed down from her parents who had both been doctors and had used it as a surgery, and that there was no way that she was going to part with it. She also added that it would be nice if the person who took up her offer were a man. She continued to tell him that she was constantly worrying about crime in the area and that she would feel safer with a man's presents in the house.
She then showed him around the house, his bedroom was very large and over looked the well kept back gardens. That’s my only hobby she added as she pointed out of the window, gardening and I do it all on my own. They would be sharing the bathroom upstairs and that he would be able to use any of the down stair rooms and was invited to eat with them whenever possible. She then pointed out that her pet hate was the toilet seat and that she did not like it left up after use. She went out of her way to ask him to raise it before he used it but to then cover up the scene of the crime at all times. My daughter lives here, as well her name is Dawn, as you already know.
"By the way do you like music Matthew," she asked.
"Yes pretty much everything, oh except this rap thing, can’t seem to make head nor tail of that boom boom boom thing," he said, with a laugh.
"Well I named my daughter Dawn after the hit song of the same name, by Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons, can you remember it," she asked.
"Yes I can," he replied with a smile.
"I wanted to name her Debbie after Debbie Reynolds the American singer, but after watching the video Debbie does Dallas a few years later. I was glad that I choose Dawn, saving her a lot of embarrassment," She continued. "I thought it might give people the wrong impression of her."
Matthew wondered where the conversation was leading and of what she might say next.
However, at least it established that they had both grown up in the same era, and the video reference also pointed out that she was interested in sex. This information had also proved to him that his earlier guess, that she was around his age, was also correct.
She then went on to ask how long he intended to stay and was he working, trying to find out as much as possible about him. They both seemed to like each other and the house was just what he was looking for. Positioned near the town centre and all of the amenities that it had to offer was quite pleasing. Poplar Hill was just that little bit too far out of town, plus Aunt Betty was a lot older than he was, so she did not like change too much. She would go to bed early in the evening and did not like being awakened by Matthew coming in late at night, especially if he was drunk. There had not been words about it, but Matthew was just being cautious not wanting to upset the only true family friend that he still had. Aunt Betty was something special to him and he wanted it to remain that way, she had helped him get a foothold in the town and now it was time to move on to something more permanent.
Matthew moved in that afternoon, as it was very easy for him and after all it was not a big drama. He was travelling light, very light, in fact he only had a couple of small suite cases and his car. His car also fitted in nicely into the three-car garage that was positioned alongside the house. He carted both his suite cases upstairs to his room being closely followed by Janice all the way up the stairs. It felt like her eyes were piercing his back and watching every move that he made. If he hadn’t known better he would have thought that she was watching his bum wobble with every step that he took up the stairs. Once in the room it started to get a little crowded, as he laid the cases on the bed and opened them up, and Janice started to help him with his unpacking. He couldn’t believe it, she was arranging his under clothes and socks in the draws beside his bed and talking to him just like he was her husband.  He started to wonder what was going on, after all he had only known the woman for a couple of hours and already she was into his underpants, and he started to wonder whatever may lay ahead for him. On the odd couple of occasions that they had to brush past each other as they walked about the room Matthew could smell the soft fragrance of a very expensive perfume that she was wearing. It was so strong that Matthew had to admit that it was doing its job correctly, by turning him on and into an animal of the jungle, every time she glided past him. He subconsciously told himself to ignore her advances, knowing that he was correct in his assumptions, because the scent was so strong it was a good bet that it had only just been splashed onto her body just before he had arrived. While all the time she was talking to him and asking questions, some very intimate.
 Then suddenly and out of the blue "Do you sleep in the nude Matthew," she said.
"Err why do you ask," he managed to croak back in a quiet reply, while still trying to hold back his true feelings.
"Well there are no pyjamas," she said and followed it with a giggle,
"I hope you don’t sleep walk, if you do I bet it's a pretty sight to see," she continued.
"More like it would frighten you off," said Matthew in a low voice.
However, she heard him and jumped straight back saying, "Not me I’d love it".
That was the final straw for Matthew in an attempt to get out of the bedroom he asked Janice if he could have a drink of water.
"How about a cup of tea," she asked again with a sexy sound voice.
"Love one," he said and under his breath gave a huge sigh of relieve that he could get out of her web in one piece. Gee if this is the first day what the hell are the next few days going to be like, he thought. Matthew suddenly had the feeling that he may have made a mistake and should have asked a few more questions about Janice before he moved in.
Janice left Matthew in the lounge while she went into the kitchen to make a cup tea for them. While she was out of the room he walked around not wanting to sit down. His attention was drawn towards to matching goblets that were standing on the sideboard both very highly decorated. He was about to pick one of them up as Janice reappeared back in the room carrying a tray upon which were two cups of tea.
"Oh I see you have found my parents," she joked.
Matthew was taken aback by her comment wondering what she was talking about. He found himself standing with a blank look on his face and a little speechless, by the remark.
"The left one is Mum and the right one is Dad," she said. "It's their ashes," she continued.
"Oh I see," Matthew, said with a little astonishment, "I wasn’t sure what you meant".
He picked up the left one that had been pointed out as her Mother to look at the decorative markings on its side, but not daring to remove the lid for a sneak peep in side. As he placed the urn back on the sideboard he failed to replace it in the exact spot that he had picked it up from, instead placing it a little nearer to the other one. Janice walked over and repositioned the urn to its original position.
"Mustn’t put them to close together you don’t know what they might get up to while we are out," she turned and laughed at Matthew, who was bewildered by her remark.
After drinking his tea he made an excuse that he had to go out for a few hours just so he could get out of the house and away from Janice. He needed time to think the situation over and where he went from here. His intentions were to return after the shops had shut up and closed for the day. Then Janice’s daughter would be home so he would feel a little safer, best not to be alone in that house with the sexy seductress that he named her, he chuckled to himself. Although he had had second thoughts about the place after only just managing to escape from Janice’s clutches, it was still a good area to live and it was very close to town and a possible job if he had the luck to find one.
Matthew headed straight to the Queens head and a few drinks with Brian. However, he left with none of his questions being answered about the sexy seductress back at his digs. Brian claimed he had never heard of her or at least that’s what he told Matthew. However, he did notice that there was a wide grin on his face as they parted company. He timed his arrival back at the house perfectly. Dawn was home and the table was laid for dinner, fine he thought nothing much can happen at the dinner table, or at least that’s what he thought. The meal was very enjoyable and the three of them joked and got to know each other between each mouthful. The atmosphere was very friendly and they all seem to get on like a house on fire. With Janice there was no sign of her behaving like she had done earlier. Maybe she had realised that he had not wanted to take her up on her advances, so now maybe she would leave him alone. Of course there was also the chance that she did not want to look like she was after him in front of her daughter.
Dawn was a very pretty young looking nineteen-year-old girl with blue eyes and long light brown hair. She was of medium height and slim, with nice small rounded breasts, a nice well curved bum and long slender legs. A few times during the meal their eyes had met as they were offering each other plates of food across the table. Matthew would immediately try and shift his glance away from her, but occasionally he was caught staring at her. The last thing he wanted now was for the daughter to start coming on strong like the mother had earlier, just the thought was enough to send the shivers down his spine.
Most of the conversation between them had been around Matthews past history and what he had got up to while overseas in the Army. Unfortunately for Matthew the macho type world that he portrayed to them, had both woman even more excited and interested in him. Here he was trying to douse down their obvious sexual feelings towards him and all he was doing was inflaming the situation even further.
After dinner they sat around watching a little television, but the conversation still flowed between them. As the hours past and it was obvious that soon one of them would have to make the first move and head for their bed. Matthew started to get a little nervous of what could possibly happen next. However, his worry was all for nothing, because nothing did happen. They all retired at about the same time saying their good nights to each other as they headed for the stairs. Once in his bedroom Matthew was a little shocked to find that there was no lock on his bedroom door, come to think of it there had been none on the bathroom either. Well there was nothing he could do about it now, he had to accept the situation as it was, and get a good night's sleep. However, it took him a couple of hours before he dropped off, after thinking about his hosts and of wondering what they really thought of him.
Matthew was awoken by Janice who was standing by the side of his bed with a hot cup of tea in her hand. As his sleep filled eyes adjusted to the situation he could not help noticing that she was only wearing the most scant of night dresses and very short as well. As his eye regained more of their focus it became very obvious to him that it was almost see through as well. He could just see the outline of Tasmania roughly where the tops of her legs should be. Realising that he was staring he found it hard to find words to strike up a conversation, but it was Janice who broke the ice.
"Thought you would like a cup of tea on your first morning in a new house," she whispered.
Matthew thanked her and told her that she should not have bothered, as he was about to get up.
"Oh no trouble," she continued, "I had to get up and make one for myself, been dry all night. I don’t usually get up this early".
"Just thought I’d give you a nice surprise," she continued with a smile.
"Well you sure did that," replied Matthew.
"Well there you are," she said “This morning everybody got a surprise didn’t they. Maybe another day you will be able to surprise me." Janice grinned and placed the cup by the side of the bed and left the room.
The bathroom turned out to be like some sort of tunnel as Matthew made his way to the sink bopping and weaving under the under wear and nylons that hung from the make shift string clothes line from one corner of the room to the other. He had been scared to enter tapping on the door several times before he slowly pushed the door open, expecting at any moment to find one of them standing naked in front of the mirror. However, this time he was lucky, or unlucky he thought, depending on which way you wanted to look at the situation he now found himself in. He had to be careful after all he could be reading the situation completely wrong, and if he made a wrongly interpreted move it could turn out to haunt him forever. However, he was only human and a male at that. Most males who found themselves in a situation like this would not be able to control themselves and that was to be accepted it was called being normal, for a male that is.  If these women were only trying to tease him or dread the thought play games with him. Well then he had better be careful how he responded. Mind you he had heard of women who were just the same as the average male, and whatever they wanted they just took, sexually that is. However, so far in his lifetime of experience he had never come across one of them.
After breakfast and it being Sunday Matthew offered to take the women out for a picnic if they were interested. The idea was greeted with plenty of enthusiasm and so a hastily prepared hamper was packed and they set off into the county side in Matthews’s car. Not being sure of the area, Janice was elected to be the navigator and she steered them towards Haughley and its famous duck pond. This was a great spot and Matthew remembered it from his childhood days when his parents brought him to the very same duck pond. 
They found a grassy spot and spread a blanket and laid out all of the food and goodies that they had brought with them. Janice seemed to get her fun from just feeding everything to the ducks. While Matthew and Dawn lay together soaking up the rare appearance of the sun, and talking about each other, although at times a little too intimate Matthew thought. To any passer-by they looked like a normal family out for the day and to some extent they were. There was plenty of fun and laughter had by all and the day turned out to be a big success.
That night in his room as Matthew was trying to get some sleep, he heard his bedroom door open, and in the semi darkness he picked out the silhouette of Dawn as she made her way over to his bed. She suddenly whispered to him asking if he was awake. It was no good pretending that he was not and anyway he was a full-blooded male, he had a very good idea of what she wanted and his sexual feelings had been put to the test long enough, he was only responding just like any normal male would, so he decided to just let nature take its course.
"What do you want," he asked all the time knowing the answer.
He knew that their conversation during the day had been a little intimate, but not this intimate, he had not sensed that it would lead to this.
"I’m lonely and scared of the dark," she replied, "Just thought we could talk for a while".
With that she quietly kicked her pants off on to the floor and climbed under the sheets and snuggled up close to him.
When Matthew finally awoke the next morning she had already left his bed, but at what time in the night she had returned to her own bed he had no idea. What they had gotten up to under the sheets had left him tired out, and he had slept like a babe for the remainder of the night.
As Matthew entered the kitchen for breakfast both the ladies of the house were already seated and eating. With a quick good morning to them he settled on to his chair, while trying not to make eye contact with either of them. However, it was useless and impossible after all he had to look up some time so it might as well be now he thought. Dawn had a nice bright smile on her face and even managed a sly little wink towards him, while Janice was the first to speak and chirped up with.
"I thought I might have had a cup of tea in bed this morning".
Matthew answered replying that, "He’d had a long night, so he had slept in a little late".
Dawn joined in sarcastically with, "Oh we had a long night did we".
Matthew did not know where to look, what to say, or what to do next, so he jumped up saying, "That he would make some fresh toast for them".
Later while back in his room Matthew laid back on his bed and picked up a book to read, he felt it best that he lay low for a time, just in case something was said that would lead to embarrassment. His big worry was what if Janice finds out, not many mothers would let some stranger sleep with their daughter. What if she kicked him out, then he would have to go home to Aunt Betty with cap in hand to stay with her once again, if she would have him that is. She would want to know why he had only lasted a couple of days in the doctor’s house.
Janice came into the room carrying a duster and said that as Dawn had gone to work she would like to undertake a little housework. So if he took himself out for a couple of hours she would have it all finished by the time that he got back. As she turned to leave the room she bent down and picked up the scant pair of Dawn’s pants that lay on top of some of his clothes by the bed. Quick as a flash Matthew blurted out.
"Oh I must have left them there by mistake, yesterday when I got the washing in, you know it was raining a little, must have got some of hers mixed up with mine". Trying to justify as to why they were there.
"Or something like that," Janice said with a sly grin on her face as she left the room with the pants still being twirled around on her index finger.
Matthew could not get out of the room fast enough feeling very embarrassed by the pants episode with Janice. He took a walk up the town and to the labour exchange thinking that maybe it was time he started looking for a job, or at least trying to sound out the waters as they say. He was not lucky whatever they had on offer it just did not appeal to him, so rather than go home he decided to spend the lunch hour in the Queens Head Hotel. At least he knew that he would be able to find Brian there, so he would be able to talk to a friendly face and maybe have a game of darts.
Sure enough Brian was propping up the bar with a pint of beer in his hand, Matthew joined him and offered him a game of darts.
"Was you up the crack of Dawn this morning," Brian asked.
"Certainly was, can't beat it can you," answered Matthew.
"Lucky for some," Laughed Brian.
This caught Matthew off guard realising that there must be a hidden joke in there somewhere, and that he was missing it.
"What’s funny," Matthew asked.
"Dawn, Crack of Dawn," Brian laughed again.
The penny finally dropped, Brian was refereeing to Dawn, the daughter. From the way that he was referring he must have known that she was a little hot in the sex department. Funny but on their earlier meetings Brian had made out that he did not know of Dawn or her mother.
"You bugger, you knew of them all along didn’t you," said Matthew.
Brian Laughed once again and went on to say that he had heard that she was a bit of hot stuff, mind you he had not been lucky with her himself. He continued to grill Matthew on what he had gotten up to with her. Matthew did his best to deny that he had been lucky and that he had scored with her.
The usual jokes took place about men and how they go about picking up a girl. However, it was Brian who was forever pushing and asking Matthew what it was like living with two women at the same time. Matthew always trying to evade the questions said that it was like nagging in stereo, but unfortunately there was no volume control so he could not turn it down. The last thing Matthew wanted was for rumours to spread around the town of his escapades in Temple Road.
He arrived back at Temple road a little the worse for wear as they say, in fact he was a lot the worse for wear, at times finding it hard to walk a straight line. Janice greeted him as he walked in and guessed what he had been up to, and offered him a black coffee. Matthew accepted and slumped back on the settee in front of the television. Not realising what was happening his eyes started to close. Suddenly he was woken up by Janice who was shaking him and placing the coffee on a small table in front of him, where he had plonked his feet.
"Mind you don’t knock it over," she said.
Seeing the state he was in she lifted each leg up in turn and removed his shoes. Matthew could not believe what was happening to him and felt a little embarrassed. However, he could not help himself either and anyway he was enjoying the attention. Janice was on her knees and after removing the second shoe she lowered his leg gently back on the table. It was always a nice feeling having female hands touching his body and he did not stop her as she slowly moved her hand up the inside of his leg. In fact the alcohol that he had consumed earlier had actually had the effect of sexually arousing him. Janice cuddled up very closely to him still keeping her hand on his inner thigh, she leaned towards him and kissed him on the side of his neck. Matthew could not stop himself he just laid back and enjoyed the situation as it unfolded. As Janice slowly started to unbutton his shirt the sexual desire within him started to take over and suddenly the drunkenness of his situation was forgotten by him taking over in the fore play that developed between then. Matthew swung his legs up on to the settee and he pulled Janice up and on top of him. There then followed what seemed like an hour of torrid lovemaking that was only halted by the sound of Dawn’s car being driven in to the garage. That was the fastest that a semi drunken Matthew had ever moved in his entire life as he tried to run out of the room and the up the stairs with his trousers still caught around his ankles. Janice had more speed plus she wasn’t drunk and anyway her pants lay on the floor. She just picked them up walked in to the kitchen and threw them into the dirty laundry basket and walked to the front door where she greeted her daughter with a large smile on her face, possibly thinking that if my daughter can do it so can I, and maybe even better.
Chapter 2
Born Again Worker
While living with Janice and her daughter Dawn, Matthew relished in the constant attention given him by both women, as they pampered his every need. He could not believe his luck after all he was no spring chicken, but these two women were throwing themselves at him constantly, although hidden from each other. Even in the Army and whilst wearing his best parade uniform he had not been this lucky and received the sort of attention he was now enjoying. He had always believed that it was well known that some women are turned on by the appearance of a good looking guy in a uniform. Now here he was getting that same special treatment and there was not a uniform in sight.
He was trying too settled down to enjoy the latter part of his life. However, instead of just laying around and taking it easy, here he was being expected to perform like a gigolo or toy boy, at almost any time of the day. Not just one night a week but every night and sometimes twice.
At first they had both started flashing themselves in front of him, the odd stocking top here or the occasional breast that almost popped out there. However, it was never at a time when both women were in the room at the same time. Occasionally there were a few moments of joy for him, of being able to look at one without the risk of the other knowing what he was looking at. The worse scenario for him was when he was seen to be looking at the other woman.
One night as he lay awake in bed wondering what the night might bring, waiting to see who would enter his domain first that evening. Dawn was the energetic and noisy one, at times Matthew described her under his breath as the acrobat.  Janice however was more in to quality and a prolonged quality at that. She took her time with every move that she made, prolonging and savouring the moment in full, However it was not just for her it was for Matthew's benefit as well, and she certainly knew how to please a man.
Soon his wait was over and it was Dawn, who crept into the darkness of his room first.
"Are you asleep," she whispered?
"You must be joking," he answered, and added, "I was getting fed up waiting for you, I was just thinking about coming over to your bedroom". As she once again cast off her pants and slipped under the sheets and cuddled up beside him.
"Before we start just remember to take them with you when you leave," he reminded her.
"The last time I saw them, your mother was swinging them around her index finger like a hoolar hoop. And by the way it was also a good job that the bed was silent that night, otherwise the whole house would have known what was going on in this bedroom," he whispered.
She wasted no time in seducing Matthew going at it straight away, just like a bull in a china shop. At times Dawn was so energetic that Matthew had to ask her to slow up and be quiet. The slowing up was also a bonus for him, so he could savour the moment when he struck gold. However, it only lasted for a couple of short minutes, before Dawn was off once again as if she had some sort of record time to beat.
Suddenly they heard a noise from outside his bedroom door coming from the direction of the landing area at the top of the stairs. It startled them and stopping them both dead in their tracts. Both were straining their ears to listen and work out what it was that they had just heard. Suddenly his door started to open slowly as Matthew whispered quietly in her ear that it was her mother. Without any hesitation, silently Dawn slid out from between the sheets and under the bed, her movements being covered by the darkness within the room.
"Psssss are you awake," Janice whispered through the half opened door. At first he pretended to be asleep but it only took him a couple of seconds to decide that he had better answer her.
"Yes," he replied very nervously and with a tremor in his voice, "Yes I could not sleep."
"Nor could I," said Janice speaking very quietly. She went on to say.
"She was scared having heard a noise outside, and could she stay with him for a while." Matthew did not know what to say after all her daughter was by now lying under the bed probably sweating on what was going to happen next. Before Matthew could answer, Janice came into the room and was heading his way. She approached the bed slowly with her hands out stretched as if she was sleep walking, trying to find her way towards him in the darkness. Once she had found the bed it was easy for her and she sat on its edge making herself comfortable and then proceeded to talk to him. Matthew was not really in the mood for talking after all he had just been disturbed right in the middle of a highly charged love making session. Now he had the lady of the house sitting on his bed in the scantiest of night wear, obviously wanting to get between the sheets with him and to cap off the situation he had her daughter under his bed listening to everything that was being said and more than likely what was going to happen.
What could be worse Matthew thought, well I guess the Russians could pick tonight of all nights to let off an atomic bomb nearby. Come to think of it if these two were to meet in the next couple of seconds an atomic bomb of row would erupt right here in Temple Road.
Within just a few minutes Janice leaned over and started to caress Matthew, considering what he had just been in the middle of, it was not long before he responded to her advances, and anyway it was dark he only had to use his imagination and he could picture Dawn in his mind. Although the slowness of Janice's fore play gave that situation away. Janice was no love making acrobat like her daughter. Suddenly Janice whispered in his ear that she felt all hot and sweaty.
"Yes," he replied "That's why I could not sleep I was about to kick a blanket off," he answered.
As the night wore on their love making got more and more athletic, at times bouncing the bed up and down on top of the very shocked Dawn who was still trapped underneath and being hit by the occasional spring that tapped her on the head. She had decided to try and crawl out and over to the door, but doubted she would be able to make it out of the room without being seen, so she elected to stay where she was and at the moment undetected. It turned out to be an unwise decision as the antics they were getting up too on the bed lasted longer than she thought. Just before daybreak and while Matthew was still asleep, Janice climbed out of his bed and slowly made her way towards the bedroom door. Suddenly her bare foot touched something lying on the floor. After a couple of seconds of trying to guess what it was she pinched part of it with her toes and gently picked it up to where she could take it in her hand. Once in her hand she could feel that it was a pair of ladies pants. She made a bet with herself that they were her daughters, after all they were not hers, and because she had not been wearing any when she entered the room. As she opened the door with one hand she was spinning the pants once again around her index finger of the other. Looking back in the direction of the bed hoping for one last glimpse of Matthew who was sound asleep, she could hear him snoring out aloud or at least that's what she thought. However, the snoring was in fact coming from under the bed and from her daughter.
The closing of the door awoke Dawn from her slumber and for a few seconds she tried to adjust her eyes to where she was, but it was still quite dark. Her whole body ached from head to toe, and then as she tried to sit up she bumped her head on the springs of the bed. Suddenly the events of the night came slowly flooding back to her. Her aching body felt like it was going to be a reminder to her for a long time to come. She slid from under the bed even though it was still dark she could sense that Matthew was still in the bed and that her mother had actually left the room. So she did a quick exit closing the door quietly behind her and headed to her own bed where she crashed out to grab a couple of hours sleep of what remained of the night.
Matthew was feeling tired and a little embarrassed as he entered the kitchen for breakfast, both Janice and Dawn were already seated at the table and eating in silence. Janice had a broad smile on her face while Dawn looked like she had been dragged through a hedge backwards with her hair all over the place and what looked like a couple of black eye's. After wishing them both a good morning he tried not to make eye contact with either of them preferring to spend some time just looking out of the window. Although it was a hard thing to do, the last thing that he wanted was to be the centre of an eerie silence. Janice was the first to speak and very cynically asked if he had enjoyed a good night's sleep, to which Dawn who was not looking her best this hour of the morning, chirped in with you must have been restless I heard you tossing and turning all night, and then mumbled to herself that she had a bump on her head to prove it. Once the ice had been broken Janice offered to make him a cup of tea. Matthew sized on the opportunity and started up a conversation with her. Not realising that he was alienating Dawn who was not happy at the way her evening had ended up. However, she did not want her mother to know more than was necessary. As each woman made a comment the other would add a small sarcastic remark to her answer. Finally Janice turned to Dawn and said that she had better bring her dirty washing down to be washed and that she was finding it all around the house. Dawn got up from the table in huff and proceeded back to her room. This gave Janice a chance to be on her own with Matthew who was still seated at the table, she approached him from behind and leaned over his shoulder and whispered in his ear that she had enjoyed last night and gave him a small kiss on the side of his cheek. Matthew who for the first time in his life was lost for words, just managed to croak out that they must do it again some time. The sexual appetite of these two women left Matthew in such a state that at all costs he just had to get out of the house for a few hours during the day.
Within a fortnight he had applied for and had taken a job at the dreaded local lawn mower factory. The supervisor introduced himself with a deep German accent as Herr Hosseite and went on to explain in pigeon English that Matthew's job would be on the assembly line. On which he found himself working next to a young guy who was constantly helping the young woman who was working next to him. She had a job that entailed lifting the completed mowers into their boxes and then on to a pallet, ready for storage. The boxes were too big and heavy for the woman to lift. So the young guy would help her as well as trying to undertake his own work on the line. Matthew thought that this was not really on, after all it was hard enough doing his own job without doing half of somebody else's, and for what he guessed was for no extra money. During their lunch break Matthew introduced himself to the young guy, who went by the name of Peter.  They struck up a good friendship from that very first day even though there was a twenty-year gap between their ages. They would chat above the constant noise of the factory while they worked and took their meal breaks together. It was during these chats that Matthew realised that Peter was in fact in love or at least fancied the girl next to him who he was helping.
Once Peter learnt that Matthew had been in the services and served abroad, he would constantly be asking Matthew what he had done and where in the world he had visited. Matthew didn't mind after all it was a way of getting to know each other, so he would describe most of the exotic places that he had visited and usually added a short story of what he had gotten up to. Besides Peter was local and knew most of the other workers, who he constantly introduced him to. It was turning out to be the best thing that had happened to him since arriving back in Stowmarket, and at least it got him out of that house and the clutches of the females that surrounded him within its close confines. However, Matthew had to chuckle to himself, knowing that he had slept with the pair of them. It was also very funny that both of them had conquered him, and that each did not know of the others conquest.
Matthew was constantly into trouble with the supervisor Herr Hosseite, who was constantly telling him off for any small thing that he could pick on. It was all so unnecessary and petty and Mathew had guessed that he was an ex German serviceman and knowing that he had just left the British Army was probably trying to make himself out to be more superior. It had not taken Matthew long to work up a dislike for the man and would constantly try and belittle him with his every funny and witty answers that he gave. Matthew would always end up by saying yes Mr Hoss-shite.
One Monday morning a new female face appeared on the line, just a couple of positions along from Matthew but on the other side of the line which meant that on occasions they were facing each other. He could not help noticing that she was maybe just a couple of years younger than he was, and also that she was very pretty. Matthew asked Peter if he knew who she was as he nodded in her direction.
Peter laughed at him, "Why are you interested," he asked.
With a broad smile on his face Matthew went on to say that maybe he was, but that he was just wondering who she was. Peter explained that she was new to the job, having only just started and that he did know who she was.
Then he learned towards Matthew and quietly said Maureen Hayward, and winked at Matthew. He then went on to add that, she was single and that she had been divorced from her husband a few years back. As far as he knew she was not going with anybody steady at the moment, why do you want an introduction he added with a further wink? Matthew jumped in and told him not to do that, adding that he would do that himself when the time was right.
While working Matthew could not take his eyes off her and a few times their glances met across the machinery that lay between them. More than once he fumbled in his work once almost causing an accident. Peter could see this and sensed that love's little arrows were being fired across the assembly line right in front of him, and he wanted to help his newfound friend. 
During the very next tea break Peter made an effort and introduced Maureen to him as they passed in the canteen. Peter then talked her into joining them at the same table, to which she agreed. Matthew also decided to get his own back on Peter for pushing the situation and Maureen onto him. He walked over to the young girl who worked beside Peter who went by the name of Sally, he then proceeded to talk her into joining them also at the same table.
The happy go lucky atmosphere that was in the air around their table was suddenly shattered by Mr Hosseite as he approach the table, and proceeded to tell them all off as they wasted too much time on the line talking and making eyes at each other and that it had to stop.
"Yes Mr Hoss-shite," answered Mathew, the others all laughed under their breath.
"What was all that about," asked Peter.
"Nothing," replied Mathew with a grin on his face.
Once the formalities were over and out of the way, and everybody knew everybody else they all hit it off quite well that first day. Maureen was a charming woman and took and instant liking to Matthew, so much so that conversation came very easy between them. He noticed by her accent that she was not a Suffolk girl by birth and she confirmed this by telling him that she had moved to Stowmarket ten years earlier from Essex. While Peter knew Sally very well from being together on the line but he had never actually sat down beside her and had a good chat. Up till now he had always had to shout at her above the noise of the assembly line.
Lunch breaks now became a four cornered affair with Maureen, Matthew, Sally and Peter all sitting at the same table cracking jokes, enjoying and sharing their food and company. It did not take long before it was suggested and agreed that they all go out together as a foursome one weekend.
The very next Saturday saw them all in Matthew's car, with Maureen in the front beside Matthew and Peter in the back with Sally. They were heading for Ipswich, to watch the Town's football team, who were playing one of Matthew's favourite London teams Tottenham Hotspurs. Just after the kick off as they were all bunched up tightly amongst the crowd Maureen grasped Matthews hand and held it tightly, he turned and looked into her eyes and after a couple of seconds he kissed her on the cheek. Peter who had seen this grabbed hold of Sally's hand and pulled her close to him, if Matthew could get away with it then so could he. He was in fact trying to imitate Matthew, looking up to him as a father figure. The Football game turned out to be a cracker of an event and very exciting, being enjoyed by them all. Peter delighted in cat calling at the referee every chance he got, or at least every time the guy made a mistake. At times even Matthew joined in always being the one who loved a laugh and at times could be very funny.
Maureen tugged on his arm and said, "Don't blame the Ref he's doing his best".
"Yeah for a blind man," Matthew laughed.
"Yeah he ought to be supervising an old folk's home, and even then I don't think that he'd make the right call," Peter chirped in.
Every time that the Town scored a goal, Maureen would pull Matthew close to her and gave him a kiss. For once in his life he wished that his favourite team would lose and by a big score. If the Town won and at the rate that the kisses were coming his way it looked like they would, then it was a possibility that an even bigger surprise awaited him later in the evening.
Even though his team lost Matthew had a big smile on his face as they left the ground and headed for a restaurant that Peter knew of, and a long awaited meal. Even while they ate the fun continued with all of them at times making funny remarks. Peter asked the waiter if he had Bulls testicles.
To which Matthew said, "No it's just the way that his trousers hang."
To which they all fell about laughing at the expense of the poor waiter.
"Well what about Chicken balls," asked Peter.
This time Sally got in on the act and said, "I didn't think that they had any,"
"Cause they do," said Peter. "That's how you work out their sex when they're born, the workers pick them up by their legs and shake them, and if they rattle then they are males."
Sally was left with a blank look on her face, not knowing if they were joking or not,	Maureen then joined in, "Don't take any notice of them," she said, "Their pulling your leg."
"No I'm not, look my hands are on the table," Peter replied.
Peter then quietly and under his breath leaned over to Matthew and said, "Hope she doesn't rattle."
Poor Sally she had led a sheltered life and did not know what they were talking about.
Maureen defused the situation by saying, "Don't take any notice of them they're only making fun of you Sally,"
The waiter continued reading carefully through the menu he was holding, in an effort that they might finally choose a meal. As he got to the leeks covered in a cheese sauce. Matthew jumped in with,
"Aint that what the Welsh rugby players have on their emblem."
Peter answered with, "No I think they have the daffodil." 
"No it's a leek," said Maureen.
Peter was insistent that they did not have a leek and that it was a daffodil.
Matthew finally added, "Okay it's a daffodil, but during the interval they usually have a leek".
The whole table just burst out in an uproar of laughter, leaving the waiter still standing beside them with the menu in his hand and trying to get some sort of response and order from them.
Finally some sort of normality was restored and they ordered the meal, but the laughter continued as they all joined in with telling jokes to each other. Lucky for the waiter he was able to escape further ridicule as he retreated to the kitchen with their order.
"Hope they don't bring me Rat-a-two-yy" Matthew continued.
"The last time I had that I got a bone stuck in the back of my throat."
"What's that," asked Sally.
"They set their own traps out the back, to catch them you know," said Peter.
"Catch what," Sally asked again.
"Take no notice of them, their only trying to put you off your meal," said Maureen.
"No we are not, we are just trying to make you aware of what you might have placed in front of you, but once its cooked you'll never know," replied Peter.
Having spotted an aquarium in the corner Matthew made a couple of fish jokes that had then all rolling about laughing. Then it became full on, with the one liner jokes that had any connection what so ever with fish.
"How about the song, Salmon chanted evening," said Matthew.
"Shrimp boats are a coming there's dancing tonight," added Maureen.
"That's a load of Cods wallop," said Peter.
"Were having a whale of a time, aren't we," Sally joined in catching everybody by surprise.
"Hey that's great babe, see you can join in can't you," said Peter.
"What about the fish that wore a Herring aid,"
"Or the guy that went out in the sun and became as red as a lobster," added Matthew.
"Or the waiter that had big Muscles."
"Oh and the clock over there that is Perched high up on the wall," said Peter.
"What about the song Michael Roe the boat ashore," Maureen butted in.
"Nice one Maureen, and not to mention the guy who had crabs, and don't bother asking me about that one Sally," said Matthew.
Before they knew it they had been in the restaurant for almost two hours, and in that time they had enjoyed a meal and several drinks. The jokes had flowed fast and furiously helping the evening to become a big success, with lots of laughter to help wash it all down.
Upon arriving back in Stowmarket Matthew dropped Peter and Sally off near her home, so that they could say their goodbyes to each other in the privacy of their own company. Matthew then drove Maureen to her home along Creeting Road. Where he did not take her up on an offer to go inside for a coffee, but instead choose to say his goodbyes to her in the privacy of the car. He thought the world of her and did not want her to think that he was taking advantage of her, if they were to fall fully in love that could all come later. He wanted her to know that he was not after her for just one thing. What he wanted was a long-term relationship that could one day lead him down the aisle. They cuddled and caressed each other as slowly the windows around them steamed up. At which point Matthew gave Maureen one big kiss and told her that he would see her Monday morning at work. As Maureen walked away from the car she could not help feeling a little disappointed at Matthew's refusal of her offer. Maybe she would be able to tempt him inside the next time they went out together.
As Matthew drove home he suddenly had an acute attack of being a hypocrite and of stringing people along. He had turned Maureen down, fully knowing that he would at least have the opportunity of sleeping with somebody back at his lodgings. He was trying to be honest and faithful with Maureen, while all the time knowing that at some time before they next met he would be unfaithful to her.
However, his luck did not hold that night, arriving home to an empty house. As he made himself a cup of tea before going to bed he suddenly remembered that Janice and her daughter were going out for the night with one of their friends.
While sipping his tea he got to thinking that maybe it was all for the better. After all he was starting to think the world of Maureen, so maybe it was about time that he was honest with her. With that he locked up and headed for bed and a good night's sleep, and maybe a nice dream of their evening together. 
However, later he was suddenly awakened to the sound of giggling and of very loud disco music thumping away from down stairs. So he grabbed his dressing gown and went down to investigate. He knew it could not be burglars, as they would have wanted to be as quiet as possible.
As he walked in to the living room he was greeted by Janice who with a drink in one hand and a party whistle in the other invited him to dance. Lying on the settee on her back and showing a large amount of leg, was Dawn who was also blowing her party whistle. With his eyes still full of sleep it took him a few minutes to adjust to what was going on.
Dawn was also smoking and on the coffee table beside her stood one of the goblets from the sideboard. After glancing at the sideboard he came to the conclusion that it was the one holding her mother's ashes. Dawn was sucking on her cigarette between long blows of her party whistle, the ashes from the cigarette she was flicking into the opened goblet on the table. Matthew walked up to Dawn and looked in to the goblet, then looking down at Dawn.
"Looks like your grandma is putting on weight," He said.
Dawn just giggled and smiled at him.
"She'll have to do a little more exercising then, won't she," Dawn added.
"Lets party," said Janice placing her glass on the table and grabbing Matthew. It was more than he could do after all just a few minutes ago he was fast asleep and now he was expected to do the bump or something like that. Not wanting to disappoint or upset Janice he obliged by just wiggling his body around as they moved around the room to the music that was belting out from the media player in the corner.
After fifteen minutes Janice called a halt to the party as she went to the kitchen to refill her glass. Dawn sat up and in a sexual pose invited Matthew to come and sit with her. It was more than he dare do, knowing that Janice would return at any moment. She was drunk, but not that drunk that she would not understand what was going on between them. Within a few seconds and just as he thought Janice reappeared carrying two large glasses of drink for them that she placed on the table. Then walking straight up to Matthew and grabbing him to carry on where she had left off. Dawn sunk back on the settee taking up the same position she had been in. Only this time she made an effort to open the split in the side of her dress even wider. The view that she was now exposing was enough to catch most people's attention. However, Janice was to intent on keeping Matthews attention on to her. Realising this, Dawn just lay back and closed her eyes after all it had been a long tiring night, and she was going to get nowhere in her effort to seduce him.
Matthew who by this time was feeling very weary himself was starting to flag and asked Janice if they could have a rest.
"No," said Janice, "I'm in the mood and a lady should be able to do anything whilst she's in the mood, don't you agree Matthew."
Matthew just nodded his head in agreement, thinking that it was no good saying anything more to the party girl, as he was now thinking of calling her.
Ten minutes later and he brought Janice's attention to Dawn who was looking as if she had passed out on the settee. 
"Don't you think we should get her to bed its not right that we carry on like this together in front of her, said Matthew. 
Janice told him that it was all right and that she was sound asleep. She then gradually dropped to the floor pulling Matthew with her behind the settee, from where Janice was sure that Dawn could not see them. Matthew was for the first time in his life being seduced against his wishes. However, like all men he was finding it extremely hard to refuse the offer that was being made to him. There then followed a short but very passionate love making session that was drowned out by the music that was still pumping from the stereo system.
Suddenly the music stopped as the media player in the corner finally finished playing its disc and the sound of people making love could be heard all around the room. With that Janice pushed her way up from the floor and the arms of Matthew and made her way semi naked over to change the disc. Although by the time that she had returned to where Matthew had been he had already got up from the floor and was tying up his dressing gown. He then refused all of the advances that Janice made leaving her in a frustrated frame of mind.
Matthew tried to break the ice that had just settled between them by pointing to Dawn.
"Don't you think we should be putting her to bed, and then we can come down and carry on where we left off," he continued.
With that Janice who by now was losing interest in him anyway just said,
"Okay you're the one who's worrying about her, so you can do the honours."
Matthew bent down and picked her up off the settee in his arms and staggered to the bottom of the stairs. Dawn had turned out to be a little heavier than he had imagined. Going up the stairs posed an even bigger obstacle, while trying not to bump her over hanging head against the handrail posts. By the time he reached her bedroom door he was gasping for breath. Lucky for him her bedroom door was slightly open so it was relatively easy for him to kick it with his foot. Slowly he approached the bed and bent over to lay her gently on to the eiderdown cover, when she suddenly came alive and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the lips. Matthew was so short of breath and caught unaware that he could do nothing but just let it happen. As he tried to untangle himself from Dawn's arms it turned out to be more of a problem than he first thought. He realised that she had been faking her state of passing out, with the sole intention of getting right where he now stood. The more that Matthew struggled to break free of her the tighter she hung on to him. She was even managing to get her hands inside his dressing gown, and was caressing his body. All Matthew could say was that her mother was listening and might walk in on them at any moment.
"No she won't," said Dawn "She can't hear because the media player is too loud, come on, jump into bed," she kept teasing, "Let's make love." Her hands were now between his legs and the fire that they were arousing within him was becoming more and more harder to resist. One kiss he said to her and then I must return down stairs before she misses me. With that he gave her a long kiss on the lips, to which Dawn added to the moment by thrusting her tongue into his mouth. Their clinch was suddenly broken by the voice of her mother shouting up the stairs after him.
"What are you doing undressing her or something, it doesn't take that long to lay somebody on a bed."
Somehow Matthew broke free and got out of the bedroom as fast as he could, not even bothering to close the door.
Back down stairs Janice could not understand why he was out of breath and panting the way he was.
"Your out of shape aren't you, all you had to do was carry a sliver of a young girl up stairs to bed. Anybody would think that you had just made love to her." Matthew smiled at her, thinking that if only she knew just how close he'd come to doing just that, and then she would not make statements like that.
The magic of the night had by this time deserted them both, as they both sat at the kitchen table drinking a cup of coffee. Matthew could see that Janice was not happy at the way it had all turned out for her. She had obviously returned home in a drink induced happy frame of mind, fully intent of seducing Matthew. However, the simple act of the media player finishing the disc it had been playing, had altered the mood that she was in. Matthew was now on the back foot and trying to win her around with smooth talk just like most men will when they know that they are in a corner.
Because of her frustrations, Janice now preceded to tease Matthew with every move that she made. She would endeavour to exaggerate every movement, this insured that she showed off as much of her exposed body as possible to him. It became a little embarrassing for him at times, as he had to make a consoled effort not to be caught looking at the body part in question. However, being as they were the only two people in the room and were talking to each other, and that he was a hot-blooded male, it was a hard thing to accomplish.
So in an effort to escape Janice's clutches, Matthew gave her a kiss on the cheek, said good night and retreated up stairs to bed. After making sure that his bed was empty he closed the bedroom door behind him and wedged a chair up against the doorknob. This would be the only way that he would be able to get a little sleep from what remained of the night.
The next morning which was a Sunday, Matthew made an early exit from the house before the women had got up, he had made up his mind that he did not want to be around when they got up just in case there was trouble or fallout from the night before. He drove to the town square and parked, there he would be safe for a time. He had decided to have a breakfast at the Galleon café and to make his plans for the day. By chance there he met up with Brian and they took a table together. Brian then ribbed him having learnt that he had finally succumbed and had taken a job at the mower factory. To which Matthew laughed and added that he had to get some money from somewhere.
Matthew told him that he had been up to Ipswich and saw the Town play the day before and that it had been a good game. Brian added that he had read the report in the Sunday paper and the conversation stayed with football. It was while this conversation was taking place and football was the topic that Matthew got to thinking about Maureen and the great time that they had enjoyed after the game. So he suddenly said his farewells to Brian saying that he had to go and would catch up with him another time, and with that he left.
Matthew drove around to Maureen's house and even though it was still early in the morning he found himself knocking on her door. To his surprise the door was opened very quickly and he found himself looking Maureen in the eyes.
"What are you doing around here at this time of the morning," she asked. Matthew went on to say that he had been thinking of her all night and that he wanted to take her out, only this time they could be on their own. That is if she wanted to go with him, because he knew at times he would do silly things. She then proceeded to ask where he was going to take her.
"Does it really matter," Matthew replied.
"Cause it dose how do I know what to wear," Maureen answered.
"Oh just a drive in the country," said Matthew, "We'll just take in some sites."
Maureen told him that she would not be long while she got ready and that he could make them a cup of coffee in the kitchen.
It only took Maureen ten minutes to get ready and they were into Matthew's car and heading out of town on the new Stowmarket by pass.
"Where to," Matthew asked.
 "Eye Airfield," Maureen answered.
"Ah a girl of decisions, normally it would take some time for people to make up their minds, but not you, I suspect that you are a person that knows what you want in life," Matthew replied.
"Certainly do," replied Maureen, "I would like to go to the car boot sale that's being held there, and to see Morris dancing" she explained.
"What do you want to see him for," Matthew asked.
"It's a dancing group silly, something I like watching and they usually perform there." She explained.
Matthew just grinned at her knowing full well what they were, he was just enjoying the joke, and he thought hard trying to crack another joke about people performing.
"I once knew a Morris, Morris Minor but that was a few years ago," said Matthew teasingly.
"Where did he live," asked Maureen, suddenly realising that it was a joke, she tugged at his arm. She asked "now you're making fun of me."
Matthew just smiled at her and leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek.
Upon arrival at the airfield an old age pensioner gave him directions and showing them where to park their car. They then walked over to the first line of vehicles that had all of their unwanted gifts and old house hold products on display spread on the ground just by the boot of their cars. It was like walking into an Aladdin's cave, you name it and somewhere on that Airfield there was bound to be one on display.
Matthew was enjoying the experience and was genuinely interest in many items that he saw. They spent some time picking up things that caught their eye and looking at it as if they were experts, while in actual fact they were not but found it interesting and quite exiting.
A tug on his elbow told him that it was time to stop once more and that there was something else that Maureen wanted to look at. Only this time Maureen suddenly announced to Matthew that she was going to buy him a present. Therefore he was ordered to look the other way while she purchased the item. A few minutes later he was told that he could open his eyes and have a look, he spun around to be confronted by his so called present.
"What is it he asked," as he found himself looking at a large piece of porcelain or was it china. Either way it was an animal statue that stood at least one meter high, but what it was he had no idea. Because it was a present, he was reluctant to say what he really thought, actually he was a little lost for words anyway.
"It's a llama," she said.
"But it's got two heads, and to cap it off there's one at each end," Matthew said in amazement.
"Yeah I know isn't it sweet," said Maureen.
"But what am I going to do with a two headed llama, I mean where am I going to put it," he asked. "I mean it's got no practical use for anything has it," he continued.
"But it's a present, its telling you that I love you," Maureen explained.
"Well I know that but what the hell is the use of a double headed bloody llama, I can't even use it as a coat hanger or bookends, it just has no practical use what so ever.
As he looked into Maureen's eyes he could see that he had hit a raw nerve, so he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips and said "It's a beautiful present thank you very much, I'll find somewhere for it to go". Although deep inside he had not got a clue, and what of Janice if she would not let him bring the thing into her house. Oh well he thought in that case I'll just have to leave it in the shed, at least it will scare the mice away.
They spent most of the morning wandering amongst the vehicles and stalls that had suddenly appeared over night in preparation for the mini market that was held every Sunday on the old airfield.
Matthew found himself enjoying bargaining with the owners of small items that just took his fancy. At one time he purchased a very large Teddy Bear for Maureen who swung her arms around his neck and gave him a great big kiss. He then whispered in her ear that it was not as heavy as his double-headed llama, and at least she could take hers to bed with her. By this time even Maureen could see the funny side of the present she had bought him, thinking that at least he would not forget this day in a hurry and if he did, well he had the double-headed llama to remind him of it. The other sure thing was that she was sure he had not already got one.
All to soon their fun was over far too quickly as Matthew had to have Maureen home by late afternoon for an appointment with a family member, a meeting that she could not get out of, and Matthew did not feel like meeting strangers and just sitting around while they talked about something he knew nothing about. In his words it would be like being a spare Groom at a wedding. So reluctantly he dropped her at her front door and after a long kiss Maureen thanked him for the day out and the teddy bear and within a few seconds she was gone.
As Matthew got back into his car all he could think about was the double-headed llama and what the hell was he was going to do with it. Oh well he thought it could have been worse, she could have bought a pair of them, then he would have had double the problem.
Chapter 3
Haunted By A Moment
"And where do you think your taking that monstrosity?," were the words that greeted Matthew as he tried to smuggle a one meter high chunk of stone un-noticed up to his room. Janice had watched him from the kitchen as he arrived home with his new present from Maureen, but hadn’t a clue what it was. Mathew tried to explain that it was a present and he thought he would nice to display it in his room.
"I don’t think so." said Janice.
"Something that size was just as likely to come through the ceiling and kill whoever was sitting below." she continued, persisting in wanting to know what it was. Matthew was reluctant to say too much, after all he had been the one to make fun of Maureen when she purchased it for him. Now he was actually telling somebody that he liked it.
"It's a double-headed llama" he told her."
Although at that time he did not know what he was going to do with it. Janice told him to put it somewhere in the lounge for the time being. She was also persistent in asking who had bought it for him. Reluctantly, he tried to explain that it was from a young girl who he worked with, and was surprised that his answer seemed to satisfy her questioning.
While Matthew and Janice were in the kitchen having a cup of tea there was suddenly a very loud scream that seemed to come from the next rom. They both rushed into the lounge where they found Dawn screaming and pointing at Matthews new present positioned in the corner.
"What the heck is that thing," pointing at the llama she asked?
There then followed a second session of questioning, only this time it was instigated by Dawn. Leaving Matthew to once again try and explain that the present was worth keeping. However by this time Janice and Dawn were both in tears of laughter just wondering what ever practical use this present had? The jokes were flowing fast and furious, only this time it was all at Matthews’s expense. For the first time in many months he was the butt of the jokes. 
Monday morning arrived in what seemed like record time, as the weekend had just flown by and it was time to return to work and assembling lawn mowers once again. Matthew met Peter on the line just a few minutes before it was due to start it’s run for the day. He could see by the excitement in Peter’s eyes that he was bubbling to talk to him about something.
"My mother thinks that she might know you," he blurted out to Matthew half shouting, and catching him by surprise.
"Yes, she said that she went to school with you, you know the Stowmarket Secondary Modern up by the recreation ground, and she was even in the same class as you." Matthew was stopped in his tracks not knowing what to say next. It was very funny but he had never thought to ask Peter his surname.
"What's her name," Matthew asked.
"Eileen" he replied, "Eileen Hollings and a good looker at that," he laughed. The before they could talk further the assembly line hooter sounded, and the line started to inch its self forward. The noise the machinery made drowned out any chance of further conversation, unless you shouted loudly at each other.
Matthew was stunned, he could not believe what Peter had just said to him. It was as though he had just been hit by a brick. Of course he knew Eileen, after all he had spent four years at school with her. He had even dated and courted her right up to the time that he had left Stowmarket in such a hurry all of those years earlier. He had a string of questions that he would love to ask Peter, but this was truly not the right time or place to do so. Normally they would have shouted to each other above the noise of the line. However, these were intimate questions that he did not want broadcasted live around the factory, and anyway at that same time the supervisor Herr Hossriete appeared. As he walked past Matthew he could not resist remarking to him to pull his finger out and get on with his work. Matthew gave him his usual sarcastic reply of "Yes Mr Horse-shite".
There was a sudden air of silence between Matthew and Peter something that had not happened before. Even Peter noticed it, because they usually manage some sort of conversation most times of the day. It turned out to be the longest two hours that the two of them had encountered since they first met. A time that left Matthew stewing in his own thoughts and of wondering what else Peter was about to tell him.
By the time the morning tea break came around Matthew had made up his mind that his inquisitive nature was not to be satisfied, or at least not until they were on their own and away from Maureen and Sally, who would be seated at the canteen table and able to hear all that Peter had to say.
However, it was all for nothing Peter was on a high and could not contain himself, blurting it out for all to hear the moment they had all taken a seat at the canteen table. 
"Hey want to know something, Matthew used to know my Mother at school,"
Matthew almost choked on the sandwich he was eating, his first reaction was that it made him feel old, amongst his friends that he was now sitting with. Being a father figure was the last thing he wanted to be, once word of this spread around he would be looked at in a different light by the friends that he had made since starting at the factory.
All eyes were now on Matthew as if awaiting a response from him. He looked at Maureen who was sitting beside him, then waited a couple of seconds before agreeing that yes he had indeed gone to school with Peters Mother. Matthew was now trying to choose his words very carefully, and trying not to upset Maureen who he had grown very fond of. The last thing that he wanted to do was fall out with her. Maureen was different to most of the other women that he had played around with over the years. Maureen was the type of woman that he wanted to settle down with and to build a home around. It was for this reason that he had not played around with her since they first met, he had not taken her for granted. To make his point to her it was also the reason why he had not jumped in to bed with her that very first night they spent together. He knew that if he did not watch what he said this whole situation that he now found himself in would get out of hand, and that it was a possibility that he might lose her.
He was very relieved when the siren sounded announcing that the tea break was over, so that they could all return to the assembly line. For Matthew there would be no more awkward questions for him to try and answer, until lunch break anyway. The funny thing was that of all the people at the table, it was only Matthew who was feeling uncomfortable. The others thought that it was great that Matthew knew Peters Mother, it was as if an old long lost friend had finally been found, even Maureen was excited with Peters good news.
By the time the lunch break came around Matthew was please that he'd had time to get over the initial shock and was feeling a little more comfortable with what Peter had revealed to him. He was even able to answer a few questions put to him by Peter, and asked him to say hello to his mother for him.
That night while he was out with Maureen he decided to tell her that, he had in fact courted Peters Mother, but added that it was only one of those teenage crushes that school kids had in those days. Maureen had no problem with that, adding that it was a long time ago. Hey I‘ve been married before, you have had other girl friends I’ll bet, so why are you worrying she said. They spent the rest of the evening at the Regal Cinema cuddled up to each other watching a sloppy love film and the subject was not brought up anymore, to the relief of Matthew. When he took her home once again he did not venture inside the house, instead he left her on the doorstep after a short kissing session.
At work the next morning Peter greeted him with the news that his Mother had said hello to him and had asked how he had been keeping. Matthew answered the best that he could, still feeling a little uncomfortable on the subject. However, after having time to think, he had come up with plenty of questions of his own. Whenever the two of them were together both would be constantly asking and answering questions, mostly on the subject of Peters Mother. It turned out that she was not married and never had been. Although she did have a boyfriend at the moment and that the relationship was considered as being serious. He was a local carpenter and marriage had been discussed a couple of times between them. She had brought Peter up on her own, struggling on a solo parent pension, but had given him the best education that she could afford. Over the years she had been with a couple of guys but neither relationship had developed in to anything that was permanent. Something Peter had wanted and craved for, he had lacked a father figure in his life. He craved somebody who could have taken him to football matches, and undertaken all of the manly type things that children do with their fathers. However, the two of them had got on well together and enjoyed each other’s company. Peter's main worry now was what would happen to his mother if he were ever to marry and move out of the family home, leaving his mother to live on her own, or heaven forbid the guy she was courting at the moment.
Matthew turned down an offer to visit Peter's house to meet his mother, giving some sort of excuse that he knew would not always hold water, but at least for now it got him off the hook. He did not feel comfortable seeing her just yet, and anyway when he did. He wanted them to be on their own and not with other people around. 
However his good luck was not to hold as a couple of days later Peter informed him that in a week’s time it was in fact his birthday and that his mum was throwing him a big party at home. Everybody was invited to the event and that included Sally, Maureen and Matthew. The last thing Matthew wanted to do now was to disappoint Peter, he had taken a great liking to the boy and thought a lot of him. So reluctantly he agreed that he would be there and that he would bring Maureen with him.
That week seemed to drag with Matthew wondering what surprises were going to be in store for him and how he would handle a situation should it arise. At least he would have Maureen by his side to keep him company and hopefully out of trouble or a nasty situation. Anyway why should he be worried about what had happened between then, it had been a long time ago. Life had moved on and people had developed other relationships and anyway time was a great healer.
Back at Temple Road as Matthew arrived home very late in the evening, something he was now trying to accomplish on a regular basis. Hoping that Janice and her daughter were both sound sleep and in bed. However, he was out of luck as he walked in to the kitchen to make a cup of tea before hitting the sheets himself. There sitting at the table was Janice with a big smile on her face.
"Who’s become an old stay out late then," she asked.
 Matthew smiled and asked if there was any tea left in the pot on the table. Janice said no but offered to make him a fresh one. Then getting up she brushed past him sniffing the air as she did so.
"Umm smells good Matthew, and who’s got a new girl friend," she asked.
"What makes you think that," Matthew replied.
"Women’s intuition," she went on.
"And she uses products from the Body shop as well." 
Matthew seized on the opportunity to let it be known that he had started seeing a girl friend on a regular basis. 
"Hope it won’t interfere with our little bit of fun," Janice giggled. 
Matthew was dumb struck not knowing what to say next. After all he did want to somehow get out of the terrible love tangle that he had got himself into, but at the same time he did not want to offend or fall out with anybody. Matthew explained to her that it was the girl who gave him the carving in the lounge. 
"Oh now it’s a carving is it," Janice laughed.
"I thought it was just a lump of rock, and by the way when are you going to get rid of it or dump it or something, its cluttering up my lounge," she added.
Matthew fell silent, Maureen was now his permanent girl friend, and he did not want to lose her. Although for the moment he did not want to lose his accommodation either, or at least not until he could find himself something more permanent and hopefully that would be with Maureen down the track.
As Janice started to rub up against him and caress his body Matthew started making excuses that he was tired and wanted to go to bed. This only made the situation worse as Janice agreed that she also wanted to go to bed, but with Matthew. It became a type of tug of war as Matthew started to head for the stairs with Janice still with her arms around him in tow. All of the time Matthew was saying, look not to night Janice maybe tomorrow, I’ve got to get some sleep. By now they were at the top of the stairs and Matthew was opening the door of his bedroom slowly. He then kissed Janice on the cheek and pushing her aside, said good night I’ll see you tomorrow. Then somehow he managed to slide through the slightly opened door on his own, leaving Janice standing on the landing. There being no locks on the door and knowing how frequently Janice had visited his room, he fumbled around in the darkness and slid the chair that usually stood by the door, wedging it under the door handle. Then with a sigh of relief and his back to the door, he felt for the light switch and turned it on, to be greeted by Dawn lying fully naked on the top of his bed. Oh no not you as well he thought, scared to say the words out a loud. It would just be his luck that if he were to upset one of these two love crazed women that they might both start shouting rape and then he would really be in for a rough time.
He whispered to her asking what she was doing in his room, fully knowing the answer to the question before he had even finished asking it. 
"Waiting for you Matthew, just waiting for you."
 Scared that Janice might be listening at the door he walked over and quietly told her that she had better get back to her own bedroom and that he did not want any trouble with her mother. Dawn assured him that there would not be any trouble if he just climbed in to bed with her, and anyway she could not leave right away, as her mother would be watching his door. He took this as some kind of threat and duly obliged her, knowing that it would be the only way of getting her back to her own bed. He was fed up with the situation and just gave in, at least once it was over he could get a good night's sleep.
Next morning as Matthew joined Peter on the assembly line preparing to start work, he explained the problems that he was having at his lodgings and of the two women. Although he did not go into too much detail of what he was getting up to with them, just in case it was mentioned to Maureen. However, he did make it clear that he had to get out of the house. Somehow he had to find himself fresh accommodation and fast, before it wrecked his future.
Peter changed the subject at the first opportunity, informing Matthew that his mother had been telling him about the things that they got up to at school and what a practical joker he was. His mother had said that he was a natural comedian, and would have the whole class laughing at least once a day, during school time. It was a pity that he had not taken it further and went on the stage. Matthew blushed a little, telling Peter that she was exaggerating and that he was not that good. Hey but you are still making people laugh replied Peter, look how you carry on here on the assembly line, making fun of old Hoss-shite. Matthew was starting to feel uncomfortable with the praise that Peter was heaping on him and was relieved when the sirens sounded for the line to start up for the day's work.
During the tea break and in front of Maureen and Sally, Peter kept repeating what his mother had told him. Maureen joined in saying that you must have been good after all you seemed to have left an impression on his mother. And she is not the only one, as I also happen to think that you are very funny as well. Not that I agreed with the cling film trick over the top of the toilet, that you told us about, with that one I think you went over the top. You laughed when I told you about it, didn’t you said Matthew. Well yes she said with a grin on her face, Matthew continued, there you are then you must have found it funny.
The day of Peter’s birthday party Matthew drove around the town and picked up Maureen and then Sally. When they arrived at Peter's house, they were surprised not to be able to find a parking space close to the house. The music was loud and could be heard out in the street. Must be a good party Matthew said and sounds like it's in full swing already. The girls joined in by adding that they hoped they had not missed any of the fun.
Matthew banged on the front door three times before it was finally opened by Peter with a glass in his hand. As he beckoned them in, they all shouted Happy Birthday Peter. The house seemed to be full to capacity with people standing, sitting and dancing to the sounds of the record player in the corner. The girls handed Peter a small present and gave him a kiss. He led them all through the house and to the kitchen where all of the drink was being stored. As they entered the room Matthew did not need any introduction to the lady standing at the table pouring a drink. 
"Hello Matthew," she said 
"It’s been a long time," she added. 
"Certainly has, and how have you been keeping." he replied.
Matthew walked over and put his arms around her and gave her a kiss. 
"Hey it's not my birthday you know, it's my sons,"
"Well I’m not going to kiss him," said Matthew with a laugh. 
"He’s been telling me all about you," she continued. 
"Not everything I hope," Matthew butted in.
Eileen was then introduced to Maureen and also Sally who she had never met before. The atmosphere was very friendly and Eileen was genuinely pleased to see them all and wanted them to feel at home. She gave them a drink and said that if they could find some space then they could have a dance and that she would catch up with them later. However, before they could leave the kitchen in walked a middle-aged man who walked up to Eileen with and empty glass and asked her to fill it up for him.
"This is John, John Swindle’s," Eileen announced to them all adding "John and I are going out with each other."
 This came as a big surprise to Matthew who almost choked on the mouthful of drink he was in the process of swallowing. He then smiled to himself, with a name like that I bet he’s a car salesman, Swindles by name and Swindles by nature he thought.
The party was well and truly in full swing, it was pointless trying to talk, as the music was so loud. Therefore they spent most of the time trying to find enough room to dance. Matthew and Maureen liked the slower songs so that they could just cuddle up and smooch around in the small area of space that they had found. Matthew knew that sooner or later he was going to have to face Eileen and on her own. He knew it had been the real reason he had been invited to the party, by trying to avoid her he was only prolonging the inevitable.
About an hour into the party Peter came over leading his mother through the crowd and right up to Matthew. 
"Mum wants a dance and I promised her that I could arrange it," said Peter.
Matthew who was sitting next to Maureen and holding her hand whispered to her asking if she minded. He then got up, but he only agreed if the music was slowed down a little after all he was not as young as most of the other guests.
While all of this was going on John stood in the corner not taking his eyes off of Eileen for one single moment. He was a negative and unsecured person, always frightened that every male that came into Eileen’s life was out to take her from him. He had been told of the friendship that Eileen and Matthew enjoyed during their school days, even though a lot of water had since past under the bridge, he was keeping an eye on Matthew. Being of a jealous nature he could not help himself, so he had to watch her every move she made.
One dance led into another and before they knew it they had been on the floor for over twenty minutes. I’ll have to have a rest Eileen said looking around for a spare chair. As Matthew looked around for Maureen he was disappointed that she could not be found, he needed her to get him away from Eileen. So now he would have to sit with her and if Maureen came back it would look bad for him. The last thing he wanted now was to upset her after all he did like the girl very much.
Eileen did not sit down, she had noticed that John had returned to the kitchen for a refill. So instead she grabbed his hand and led him out in to the garden and an old wooded bench that was propped up by the garden shed. 
"How’s that," she said to Matthew.
"At least we can talk to each other without shouting," she added. 
Matthew started to feel a little uneasy saying that Maureen would be looking for him. 
"Peter tells me that you think a lot of her and he thinks that one day you might get married," she asked.
"Well I’d like to, but at the moment the time is not right, we are just courting," said Matthew.
 She then went on to ask whom Sally was and why had he brought her along with him. 
"Don’t you know," said Matthew, "She is Peter’s girlfriend and has been for quite some time."
"Why do you ask," he continued.
"I have been trying to get him fixed up with one of my best friends daughters, who I understand is a very nice girl," replied Eileen.
"Just trying to repay an old friend, who has done me a good turn in the past, she continued.
"Can you remember when we where courting Matthew."
"How could I ever forget it," he answered. 
They both started to reminisce about their time together over twenty years ago. They had both met the day they started attending the Secondary Modern School and had both been placed in the same 4b class. They were to be in the same class right through their entire secondary education, a period of just over four years. However, it was only in the last year that they started to look at each other in a different light. That age old thing called growing up and sexual attraction. At first it was just the occasional meeting on the recreational ground in the evenings when Eileen came out of night school that was also held in the school buildings. They would sit in the memorial shelter listening to one of the local guys who frequented the building playing his guitar. During these times the closest they came together was when they plucked up the courage to hold hands, kissing was a luxury that only came occasionally when they left each other for the night, a time in the evening that Matthew could not wait to arrive. However, by the time that they left school a strong relationship had developed between them, with a lot more going on than just holding hands.
It was while they were together one night on the recreation ground and with another couple Peter and Nancy that Matthew had taken his first sip of beer and had hated the taste. Peter had been to the Walnut Tree Public House and purchased a bottle of brown ale. After opening it and taking the first gulp from the bottle, Peter then offered it to Matthew, who upon taking that first sip, almost gagged. He thought that it had a horrible taste and for the life of him could not understand why the men folk loved its taste and would spend most of their wages and time drinking the stuff. When offered the bottle for a second time, Matthew was determined that he did not want to taste it again. So as he put the bottle up to his lips he wedged his tongue across its opening stopping any liquid from entering his mouth. He then pretended to gulp down some of the bottles contents, trying to look macho in front of those around.
This incident did not put him off the taste of alcohol for good, as over the years he had acquired a taste that was to get him in to trouble on more than one occasion, undertaking drunken influenced practical jokes.
Their parents knew each other because Matthews's mother used to undertake what was known as home help work. She had looked after Eileen’s mother during the birth of her sister. The job entailed looking after the house during the first two weeks of the birth of the child, giving the mother a chance to get back on to her feet. Because of this they had become very good friends and on several occasions they had been out socially in the evenings, while their parents had both placed their seal of approval on the friendship of their children.
Once they had both left school to start work and were earning wages, they would meet at the Warming Pan café that had just opened opposite the Regal Cinema. This was the meeting place for most of the town’s young people who were interested in the latest music craze that was sweeping the country from America, called Rock 'n' Roll. The building had been sound proofed, so that the loud music that was always blaring out from the new Juke Box could not be heard from outside. It was the first one that the town had ever seen and created a lot of interest and use. Three songs for sixpence and you could dance all of your troubles away, or at least that’s what Matthew and Eileen believed at the time.
They both liked the music of Bill Haley and his Comets and learnt to dance to the sounds of his first hit, 'Rock Around The Clock'. The song was made famous being used as the sound track to a very controversial and popular film of that time called 'The Blackboard Jungle'. They would jive as it became known most of the night away, only stopping to buy the occasional bottle of Coke-a-Cola to cool down, something else that was new to them. The Warming Pan became the meeting place of most of the young people in the area. It was a place where they could get away from the restrictions that parents of the day, placed on their children. It would be quite common to find couples cuddling in the corner, something that other young kids who were also dancing did not pay attention to.
When the film 'The Blackboard Jungle' was finally shown at the Regal Cinema, Matthew and Eileen went along more out of curiosity than anything. After all they had read all of the hype that the press had made of the film as it visited other towns around England. Only to find themselves caught up in the trouble that seemed to follow the film wherever it was shown. Once the music of Bill Haley started up at the beginning of the film, a large proportion of the young audience within the auditorium all got up and started dancing in the aisles. However, after a few minutes Matthew and Eileen decided to get up and join the dances, but as they were making their way past seated customers to the isle. Pandemonium broke loose when the lights came on and the ushers rushed out and tried to get the people to return to their seats or to leave. As they were nearest to the ushers when they arrived on the scene, and were the first to be grabbed, and they hadn’t even started to dance. A couple dancing near them, watched as they were manhandled and frogmarched towards the exit and tried to get them free. Then another group of dancers also joined in the tussle also trying to help them to be released. In the struggle that took place one of the female ushers had her nose broken when she was hit by a young bobby socked jive dancer with an umbrella. During the confusion that followed they managed to escape and somehow got back to their seats undetected. A couple of the more rowdy of the dancers were finally arrested and later charged with unruly behaviour. It was something that would have horrified Matthew and Eileen if it had been them, they would never have lived down the shame that the incident would have brought upon their families. Photos of the event did appear on the front page of the local newspaper the Stowmarket Mercury that came out every Friday. Lucky for them they were not in the photo, but it did prove that the press were aware that an incident was about to happen. Being on the spot proved that, but there was also the chance that it had been staged managed.
Then there was the time that they were both attending a dance held at one of the local factory social clubs. These functions were attended by many of the young people in the town, because most of the music being played was the latest Rock and Roll hit parade material taken from both sides of the Atlantic. On this particular occasion while everybody was dancing and just enjoying themselves, a fight developed amongst a group of boys in the corner that spread and finally took up most of the centre of the dance floor. Unfortunately a few of the bigger boys tried to wade in and break the whole thing up before it got out of hand. Matthew was one of these boys and just as he was about to wrestle one of the fighting youths to the floor, a knife was produced and without hesitation thrust into the stomach of another of the fighting young men. The blade just missed Matthew by shear chance, as at that very same moment he’d fell to the floor while wrestling another of the youths. Then all hell was let loose with claims and counter claims of who had produced the knife. While all this was going on the badly wounded victim lay on the floor crying out in pain. It did not seem to dawn on most of the people, who by now we're all just standing around, that an ambulance needed to be called. One of the guys eventually took control of the situation and called them himself. It was his quick thinking that more than likely saved the boys life. This episode had worried Eileen so much, that for a long time she had pleaded with Matthew not to attend these functions any more. She knew what sort of person he was and that he could not resist getting himself involved every time an incident like this would happen. She would always add that next time it could be him that was left lying on the floor, and that one day he might not get up. She had no intention of being a widow so early in her lifetime.
Incidents like this did not deter them too much and their relationship grew stronger and stronger and to most people around them it was just a foregone conclusion that they would one day eventually get married. Gone were their days of just holding hands, by now it had grown in to a steady relationship that occasionally led to sex? Occasionally, because in those days people did not sleep together like today. Then it was more of a take a chance whenever it came along, sort of thing, up some side street or behind a bush in the park. Some teenagers were still ruled by your parents and if they ordered you home by a certain time, then that time had to be kept to. However, it was also time of change and some of the more rebellious of the youngsters were starting to defy their parents, by staying out late at night.
Then came the day that they had their very first big argument and it was a big one. Eileen had been told that he had been seeing another girl in the town with the name of Barbara. This had been a lie spread around by the young girl in question, to befriend Matthew and in fact she had tried to court him. The more Matthew tried to explain to Eileen the worse the problem became, with more and more people around the town all agreeing that he had been with her, why he was never to find out. The situation was made worse by Eileen refusing to see him every time he called or went to her house. Then one day he saw Eileen in the town square with another guy that was the final straw as far as he was concerned. To drown his sorrows he had retreated to the Queens Head and a drink along with Brian Lawrence, and the rest was history as they say.
Eileen butted in and tried to correct him, and explain that the guy she had been with was in fact one of her cousins. She went on to explain that she was sorry that things had turned out that way and if she could she would like to turn back the clock. She still thought the world of him and always had. To prove her point she explained to him that she had never married or had a permanent relationship over all of the years that he had been away. Well not until just recently, when a very close friend had introduced her to John, whom she strongly believed was match making for her. She put her arms around him and gave him a long kiss. Matthew let it all happen, remembering all of those good times that they had together. He was also interested to see if there was a spark of light that was worth rekindling left inside of him. After a few minutes Matthew suddenly remembered Maureen and said that they should be getting back inside before they were missed. Eileen gave him one more kiss and asked what he thought of Peter. Matthew said that he got on well with the boy and liked him very much. 
"I’m glad," said Eileen.
"Because he is your son."
 Matthew was left dumb struck and speechless for a couple of minutes, by the time that he had come around and had questions to ask. Eileen had got up and grabbed his hand and was about to lead him into the house.
After having worked out where they were, John suddenly arrived in the back yard, and being ever protective of his so called future bride, thought that she might need protecting. 
"It’s all right," said Eileen.
"We are just coming, we were just talking about our schooldays John, nothing to be alarmed about."
She then walked inside while still leading Matthew by the hand and started pushing through the crowd. Eileen led him over to a couple of friends that she wanted to introduce him to. Suddenly Matthew was standing in front of Janice and Dawn. Eileen then introduced him to her best friend and her daughter. You could have carved the atmosphere up with a knife. Matthew was speechless not knowing what to say next and not wanting to incriminate himself. At the very same time Peter, a little worse the wear for drink suddenly staggered up to join the group and announces that,
"Mathew is looking for somewhere to stay."
"Where he is living at the moment there are a couple of women and they won't leave him alone."
 Then looking at Janice added "You used to take in boarders didn’t you Aunt Janice, maybe you can put him up."
Before anybody could answer, Maureen joined the group and grabbing Matthew by his arm saying,
"Here you are, for a minute there I thought that I’d lost you."
"Well I did," butted in Eileen, as she turned and walked away.
"Looks like we have as well," said Janice as she grabbed her daughter’s arm and headed to the kitchen for another drink, leaving Peter standing all on his own and wondering if it was something he had said that broke the little group up.
"What was that all about," asked Maureen as Matthew grabbed her by the wrist and made his way to a space in the dance area.
"Oh just an in-joke from my past, nothing to worry about," he said.
Although by this time he was starting to worry about what lay ahead of him during the next few days. He was going to have to be careful how he tread and what he said and to more than one person. If he did not watch his step he would end up losing everything. To make things worse he was not sure that he should even return to Temple Road that night maybe he should let the dust settle first.
Matthew decided that the time was right to beat a hasty retreat, he had been involved in enough controversy for the night, and for the moment thought that it was time that he laid low for a time.
Therefore he and Maureen left the party without saying to many farewells. Poor Maureen she was lost she had no idea what was going on and what Matthew was involved in. However, he did tell her that Eileen had not liked Sally and that she had been trying to palm Peter off with the young girl Dawn, who they had just been introduced to. That much Matthew was certain of, you did not have to be a brain surgeon to work that one out. Matthew suddenly realised that they had left Sally at the party, I hope that she would be alright and that Peter was looking after her. Mind you he was pretty drunk when I last saw him he said, I would not forgive myself if anything happens to her tonight.
They decided to have a coffee before calling it a night, so Matthew parked in the town square and they walked over the road to the Galleon Café. Maureen got the drinks in and Matthew found a spare table to sit at by the window. Maureen was soon with him asking if he wanted anything else, to which he shook his head. Since the incident at Peter’s party, the conversation between them had almost dried up, so Maureen was aware that something she did not know about was going on.
In the corner and sitting on his own was an oriental looking young man. Matthew could not help noticing that his cheeks were crammed and over full with food. His mouth was shut tight but his cheeks looked badly distorted to such an extent that he resembled a monkey. Not wanting to be noticed that he was staring, Matthew would occasionally shift his glance around the room. However, within just a few seconds his eyes would once again fall back upon the young man in the corner. Matthew nudged Maureen with his elbow and nodded in the young man's direction, trying not to draw his attention. His subconscious had even named the young man, 'Cheetah' he thought, knowing it to be cruel what he was thinking. Although he could not help himself and to make matters worse he was now staring at him for longer periods and not being able to take his eye off of him. Matthew leaned over to Maureen and whispered in her ear. 
"I bet he doesn’t empty his mouth before he crams the next lot in,"
 He then started to laugh very quietly. That question was soon answered, as the young man with his cheeks still bulging and looking like his mouth was half full, lowered his head down to within inches of his plate that was on the table in front of him. His right hand then proceeded to spoon more food into his mouth at a rapid rate. Suddenly the man realised that Matthew was staring at him.
What are you staring at, he spluttered spraying a large area on the table in front of him with pieces of food. 
"Well it certainly isn’t your eating habits and table manners," Matthew jokingly answered. 
"What," the guy asked him, once again spraying the table with more food. 
"I was watching that fly on the wall behind you," Matthew went on to explain to the young man. Maureen was by this time tugging on his sleeve and telling Matthew that they should be getting out of there before there was trouble.
As they both got up to leave, Cheetah as Matthew called him, got up and came over to where Matthew was standing and confronted him by positioning his face to within just a few inches of Matthews. Matthew knew that this guy was for real and that it was going to be no good trying to talk himself out of the situation that he now found himself in. Looking into Cheetah’s eyes he could see that he meant business. This was a trick that he had learnt while serving in the Army.
At the first hint of movement to his eye balls Matthew head butted him right on the bridge of the nose. It was a killer blow dropping the guy to the floor instantly, there was no way that he was going to be able to get up from that right away. Matthews's philosophy in life was to do unto others as they would do unto you, only do it first, and he had been very successfully at that. He also knew that if he hung around it was a good assumption that the police were going to be called. Lucky for him there were not many other people in the café. Matthew walked over to the guy behind the counter and offered to pay for any damage that he might have coursed. The guy said it was all right, and other than a possible dent in the floor there was no damage. He went on to tell Matthew that he had been causing trouble with his customers all night. If Matthew could throw him out he would call it quits with him. Hearing this Matthew was only too happy to oblige, and as the young man was trying to get to his feet he grabbed him in an arm lock and frog marched him to the door and out in to the street. That just about capped off a good night out for him, about the only thing that hasn’t happened so far tonight was an earthquake. It reminded him of his early service days when all he did was to get drunk and have a good scrap. Maureen just looked at him not uttering a word in reply.
He drove her round to her house where they sat inside just talking about the evening. Matthew refused a chance to go in for a further coffee and a possible cuddle, instead opting for a quick kiss, as she was about to get out of the car. Matthew had other things on his mind and at the moment he was all mixed up and confused, and hoping that night there would be no sex to confuse the issue further.
He could not believe what had just happened during the evening, first he had been told that he was Peter's father. That had been a shock to him on its own, but deep down he’d had that feeling that they did have something in common and yes he did like the boy. Although it had been more of a sort of mate thing, but now this had all changed, all of a sudden it had been turned into the parent type of feelings. Then Peter's mother had made it plain that she wanted to take up their relationship, where it was left off all of those years ago. Janice and her daughter being added into the equation had thrown a spanner to the works. To add to all of this he had just picked a fight with a total stranger and could have ended up being locked up for the rest of the night. God knows what’s going to happen if Janice were to tell Eileen what they had been up to in Temple Road. As for poor old Maureen, well it did not bare thinking about how their relationship was going to end up, if ever he managed to get himself untangled.
Chapter 4
Fighting A Losing Battle
"So we won’t leave you alone Matthew, is that what you have been telling all of your friends." Were the words that greeted him as he came down for breakfast, the morning after the Eileen’s party. This was the last thing he wanted to hear and besides he was nursing a bad headache come hang over, the result of a night that had him tossing and turning and wondering what ever was going to happen next.
Matthew could not look Janice straight in the eyes, and anyway he did not know what to say to her. However, Janice was persistent in trying to get a conversation started between them.
"You really put the cat amongst the pigeons didn’t you last night, you were about as popular as a Reggae band at a Klu Klux Klan convention," Janice continued.
Matthew was having none of it, his theory was that if you did not answer a question then there was nothing to argue about. Therefore he just kept his head down and hoped that she would get fed up of the silence and go away.  However, he had forgotten the age-old saying that women will usually have the last say.
"Do you know Matthew there is and age-old saying that, many people walk in to our lives, but only a few leave footprints."
"But you, boy you take the biscuit, you have left your muddy footprints all over the front room carpet, haven’t you, so what have you got to say for yourself now."
To Matthews’s amazement she suddenly changed the subject and started telling him how Eileen was her best friend and that she did not want to see her hurt. She deserved better, and that John was the man who could give it to her, being a small time successful businessman he would be able to give her a better way of life. Matthew did not know exactly how much Janice knew, so if he answered he was going to have to be careful in what he said. After all he did still like Eileen, but he also had the same feelings for Maureen. He did not want to jeopardise either relationships, this was to be his great successful home coming, where he was to find himself a bride settle down and live happily ever after. If he did not watch his step he was going to be run out of town with his tail hanging between his legs, and half the town’s folk screaming behind him.
To Matthews delight the tension in the air was slightly defused by the sudden appearance of Dawn in the scantest of nightdresses that covered nothing, coming through the door and making a statement in a joking manner.
"Who’s been a naughty boy then?"
Matthew was quick to rebuff her with the words, "Don’t you start," and went on to tell her that her mother had been at him ever since he got up.
Dawn added, "If you play with fire then you must expect to get burnt, one day."
To which Matthew told them that he was only human and a male at that, and that he was only doing what was expected of men in this modern age. This brought Janice back into the conversation by adding that he should not lead people on. To which he tried to defend himself that since he arrived in town he was the one that had been lead on and that being an unattached male he was only taking advantage of the situation, as most guys would and that he had done nothing wrong.
Being Sunday Matthew went for a drive to clear his head and to try and work out his future if indeed he had one in Stowmarket. There was a lot to consider and by the way that things had turned out whatever decision he made, it was going to affect a few people.
Monday morning and Matthews absence from the assemble line did not go unnoticed. Maureen was the first to approach Peter asking if he knew where Matthew was. She was worried in case he was ill or something, while Sally hadn’t a clue what was going on. It was the first day since starting at the factory that he had been missing and Maureen had not heard from him since he took her home the night of the party.
Matthew waited until most law-abiding citizens would all be at work and then he drove over to Eileen’s, where he was lucky and found her still at home and on her own. She invited him in and they had a cup of tea. He went on to explain that he had taken a day off from work having rang in saying that he was not well. He asked if he could take her out for the day, after all he had not been in a position to ask her any questions since she had sprung the news on him that he was in fact Peter's father.
Eileen was delighted and did not take long to get herself ready dancing around like the young schoolgirl that he had left behind all of those years ago. Within half an hour of his arrival they were both in the car and heading out in to the country in the direction of One House. Matthew had decided to take a steady ride around most of the old haunts and places that had meant something to them, after all they had been together for a long time. There would be a lot of memories out there, all waiting to be remembered.
Matthew parked the car and they walked back a short distance to a humpbacked bridge over the river Orwell. Where he sat Eileen up on the brick parapet then he climbed up beside her and they started to talk of all the good times that they had spent in this part of the country, and of the plans that they had made to which nothing had eventuated. It all seemed such a long time ago, but just sitting there brought it all flooding back. Eileen was acting as if nothing had happened and wanted to carry on from where they had left off. However, Matthew was still a little bit on the defensive side, not knowing what to make of her. He could not help but think of the last words that Janice had said to him that morning, just before he left. Telling him that she hoped he did not hurt her and destroy the relationship she had with John, she deserved a break and that he was the man to give it to her. These words were beginning to haunt him and make him feel a little guilty.
The first questions he had to know the answers to where all concerning Peter, and why she had not contacted him about him. Why had she treated him in the way that she had, and why had she let him go away without the knowledge that he was to be a father. After all he would have married her at any opportunity, if given the chance. They spent a long time trying to work out what had gone wrong between them, and more to the point where did they go from here. They walked along the river occasionally stopping to look into the water catching the occasional glimpse of a fish or of a bird that was singing in the nearby trees. Now and again Eileen would turn to him and give him a great big kiss, but that was as far as it went, there were no long petting sessions. Matthew took time to mention Sally, and what a nice girl he thought she was. He had watched, and spent time with them and they made a nice couple, as far as he was concerned they were a perfect match. He also told Eileen that having stayed in the same house as Dawn, he did not think that she was Peter’s type of girl.
They continued along the country lane hand in hand making their way towards the 'Sheppard and Dog' public house where they stopped to have a drink and some lunch. The conversation was still about what they had got up to all of those years ago. While Matthew was all the time trying to work out how he should approach the subject of being Peters Father and what he should do in the future. After all if he was to move in with Eileen and that was what she was advocating, well then there was no problem. However, what if he was to go off with Maureen, then the situation would become a little difficult and possible embarrassing for a few people that he had befriended in his short stay in the town. God forbid, what if he were to end up with Janice or an even worse scenario, what if he was to end up with her daughter Dawn. However, in the end they both agreed and decided that it was not the right time to announce to the world that Matthew was in fact Peter's true father. That would have to wait, a right time and a right place would present its self one-day in the not too distant future.
Eileen was not the only person to have to make a big decision in her life, as for Matthew, well he had even bigger decisions to make and they had to be made fairly quickly otherwise a lot of people were going to get hurt and hurt badly, and that was the last thing that he wanted.
By the time that they arrived back at Eileen’s House it was almost dark and John and his two sisters Pearl and Blanche were standing in the garden in a bewildered state. All rushed up to her and started asking her where she had been and that they and a few other people had all been worried thinking that something might have happened. They had all been out looking for her and even rang the Police thinking that she might have been abducted or something, it was so unlike her just to go off like that.
Luckily Eileen was in a cool calm state of mind, that feeling that a woman gets when they are in love. She just brushed past them as if nothing had happened, skipping like a young girl around the garden.
"Matthew has just taken me out for the day, I hope you don’t mind, after all you do not own me." she said.
 John grabbed her and asked if he had touched her, promising to give him a good hiding if he had. She just politely told him to go away, she wanted to be on her own. Leaving John dumb founded and asking about the wedding, after all she had promised to marry him. Suddenly Eileen remembered Matthew in the car, and skipped back and stuck her head inside the window and kissed him on the lips also thanking him for the day out.
As Matthew drove away he could see in his rear view mirror that some sort of scene was taking place between all four of them. Anyway he was happy in the knowledge that Eileen would be able to take care of herself. He could not help smiling to himself and thinking that, now he really had set the cat amongst the pigeons as they say.
By the time he reached Temple Road Janice had heard all about his adventuress day off work. They both sat down at the kitchen table for a cup of tea and a chat. Matthew was now in a good frame of mind and wanted to talk, and Janice suddenly found herself in a mother like role and doing all of the listening.
Matthew for the first time in his life poured out his heart to her, warts and all. At times it was as if he was confessing every fine detail to the local priest. It must have sounded good because Janice started feeling sorry for him. Instead of getting the sharp end of her voice as he had on Sunday morning, here she was almost sympathising with him. Matthew was caught unaware never having a woman take his side before. In fact she even let him off the hook and forgave him, a total different response from what had greeted him at Sunday morning breakfast.
Being caught off guard it was not long before he found himself standing very close to Janice as she placed her arms around him and started to caress his body. A long kissing session then followed and they slowly sank down onto the sofa. Matthew could not help himself even if he tried, when it came to the opposite sex and a good-looking woman he was just like putty in their hand. Just as they were about to go up stairs where it would be more comfortable in walked Dawn, shouting a loud "Gottcha" she was obviously expecting to walk in on to something so she had crept in on tip toe, and her hunch had been right. However, it did not take her long to tell them that she had spoken to Eileen during the day and that she was being treated badly by John over their day out together. It took them just a few moments to decide that they should go over to Eileen’s and see if she was all right.
Eileen led them into the kitchen where they found John seated at the table. What first caught Matthews’s attention was that his ears seemed to be flicking in synchronisation with each other, there was not a lot of movement just a few millimetres, but yes they were moving? He went to turn away so it did not appear that he was staring at him, after all the last thing he wanted was to cause an argument that would surely lead to a punch up. However, he then noticed that his hair was also moving forwards and backwards and in time with his ears. With a grin on his face Matthew lightly nudged Janice in the ribs and nodded in John’s direction. It only took a couple of seconds for her to start giggling and laughing, and once she started it became very infectious and it was not long before Matthew joined in with her. It was only then that they both noticed the electric wires coming from his ears and running to a small box lying on the table in front of him. Eileen suddenly realised what they were laughing at, and amongst the laughing tried to tell them that John was trying to give up smoking. The doctor, who at great pain to John had punched a metal staple in to the top of each ear. John was now required to attach a small electronic box by wires, one to each ear. The whole idea was to give each ear a small electric shock that was controllable from the box. This was achieved by turning up the dial on the top of the box, giving an electric shock to whatever part of his body, or head that it's attached to. The pulsating current was what was moving his ears and scalp. They continued laughing as Eileen told them that he had to go through this procedure twice a day for about an hour. Matthew could not help himself as he made references to the toy cartoon character Noddy and his mate Big Ears. Janice was quick to add that he ought to be a big band conductor, or how about using them as early warning radar devices, the way they are flickering and moving about they would pick up any incoming missiles. John was not seeing the funny side of the jokes that were by now flowing fast and furious and headed straight towards him. He was losing his temper fast, and started showing his contempt toward Matthew by telling him that if he did not stop laughing he would punch him. However as he spoke, with each word he uttered his ears and hair still kept wiggling and sometimes in time with his speech. By now the pair of them were rolling around in stitches of laughter. Matthew was quick to answer with ears like that it’s a wonder they don’t call you 'Dumbo'. That was it John got to his feet and pretended to edge towards Matthew. Not really wanting to get to close because he knew deep inside that he would be no match for him. After all Matthew had been in the Army and they had a reputation as fighters. At the same time he wanted to look good in front of Eileen who by this time had also seem the funny side of the joke and was laughing with Matthew and Janice. However, the whole charade was for nothing as he had forgotten to switch off the Electronic box. Whether it was because his blood was by now boiling or his heart beat had been affected by the electronics, one would never know. What it did do was to make his ears move even faster and more pronounced. As John tried to make a quick exit from the kitchen he just grabbed at the wires hanging around his head, and tore then from his ears. Although in his haste he did not realise that they were still securely fixed to the staples. The force in which he grabbed at the wires also tore the staples from his ears, and with them also came small amounts of flesh attached to each staple. He then dumped the mangled mess all covered in blood on to the table, in front of them and stormed out.
"He’s not going to be very happy with you Matthew you had better make it up to him," said Eileen.
"Oh he’s the least of my worries, we came round to see how you were getting on."
"Janice tells me that he has been known to hit you, and that is the last thing I would want to happen to you especially if I have caused the problem." replied Matthew.
From outside there came the shout and curse of someone in pain, as they slammed the front gate in a temper.
On the way home Matthew asked Janice to pull her car over and drop him off in the town square, he wanted to stretch his legs and maybe have a drink. He made his way over to the Galleon Café but after a quick glance decided that he did not know anybody within. So he then headed for a drink with Brain Lawrence whom he knew would be in his local haunt the Queens Head hotel. Sure enough as Matthew walked in there he was propping up the bar and giving one of the locals one of his war stories.
He made his way towards Brian and grabbed the next stool.
"Still boring the locals with your war stories then," he said with a smile on his face.
Brian also laughed "Just trying to earn some free beer he replied."
There then followed a long drinking session between them, where they both swapped stories, some old and some new. At least having both been in the service they both understood and liked each other’s sense of humour. The beer flowed freely and it did not take long before they were both feeling very merry, almost to a point where the singing was about to start and for these guys that is usually a last resort. Then before they knew it, it was getting late about 10.30 pm so Matthew decided to call it a day. After giving his farewells to everybody, in fact even the bar lady did not get away scot free with Matthew insisting on and getting a good night kiss.
As Matthew left the Queens Head Hotel a little the worse for wear, complements of the alcohol he had been indulging in. He decided to take what he thought was a shortcut through the Church grounds, in an attempt to get home quicker. The Church looked quite eerie in the darkness although it did not worry him. Once out of the grounds he then had to enter a long dark narrow laneway that had lots of back entrances to a string of shops that faced towards the main road running through the town. As he was slowly making his way along this laneway he had the distinct feeling that he was being followed. He stopped and slowly turned around and in the darkness he thought he caught a glimpse of someone disappearing into an alleyway. However, he thought nothing of it and decided to pay no attention and just carried on his merry way home. Unfortunately, it was the effects of the alcohol that was making that decision and not the level headed realistic thinking that he had been trained for in the military. If that were the case he would have been on the alert at all times if he had been drinking.
As he turned a corner bringing him out of the laneway and into an area that was still not very well lit by street lighting he was suddenly confronted by two shadowy figures, and they appeared to be blocking his way. Matthew had never been the type of person to back down from anything, but when you’re drunk you are in trouble, not being able to defend yourself. So he just carried on walking forward intending on trying to walk past the guys on the footpath. As Matthew stepped into the road the two figures in front of him also stepped in to the road. Now he knew that this was for real and that they really did want to confront him.
Matthew had always been trained to know your enemy, but he did not know who they were, or even if he had seen them before in the past. His brain was racing doing over time, trying to think of a way out of the confrontation. Looking at the two figures something about one of them did look a little familiar.  He had a small patch of old blood right on the bridge of his nose, but he could not put a name to the face, but he did think he resemble a large monkey. Suddenly one of the guys lunged at Matthew with a karate stile chop. Matthew just raised his leg and with his shinbone kicked him right in the groin. Watching the guy’s antics that followed the blow, he thought to himself that he looked more like a monkey than a man hopping around. He then threw a vicious blow at the other figure, catching him on the side of the jaw, not waiting for him to strike first. Being ex military it had been instilled in to him that attack is the best form of defence. The second guy went down like a sack of potatoes falling on top of the first one who was still withering in agony holding his crutch. Suddenly he was grabbed from behind as two arms were thrown around him and holding him tight entrapping his own arms. Then he was hit on the head almost knocking him unconscious. There then followed a big beating from two guys who had quietly jumped him from behind. For most of the time Matthew was conscious and could see what was going on. First it was fists and then as the first two of his assailants got to their feet it was with their feet. By this time the pain that Matthew was experiencing had reached such a level that it did not increase, the body can only take so much. He was so far gone that he was not even covering himself up from further blows, it was just open slather for the assailants.
As Matthew lay on the path all he could see was their feet coming at him, but as one big blow hit him it rolled him over so that he could look up and into their faces and he suddenly realised that he was looking at 'Cheetah'. It was the blood on the nose that had jogged his memory, yes it was the guy who he had thrown out of the Galleon Café the night of Peter’s Birthday party. So this had been what it had all been about. At first Matthew had thought that he was just being mugged and that they were after his money, not that he was carrying much as he had spent most of it at the pub. He even thought that he had seen one of them in the pub earlier, but he wasn’t too sure. Then he got a good look at the other person who had attacked him from behind.
It was John, John Swindle’s Eileen’s boyfriend, old Big Ears as Matthew had recently named him. Now it was a little clearer for Matthew this was all to do with John not only trying to drive Matthew out of town because of his jealousy over Eileen, but also for the incident that had belittled him in front of Eileen the night Matthew and Janice had called round the house. Then it was all over, suddenly and for no reason the blows had stopped and the assailants just walked off, but not before Cheetah told him to get out of town or he would get more of the same.
As Matthew lay on the footpath he could not move, all he could do was just lay there and look at the local post office over the road and its telephone both. If only he could make it over he might be able to ring somebody to come and help him. However, it was to no avail he just had to lay there he could not move.
The next thing he remembered was somebody trying to wake him, he tried to frame up at them thinking that his assailants had returned, but it was no good he could not move. When he next opened his eyes he was looking into the face of Janice bending over him and asking if he was okay. Matthew tried to shrug it off just asking if she could help him to his feet and that he would be okay. You should be in a hospital she told him. However, Matthew insisted that if she could help him home he would be okay. It took some time but Janice did manage to get him to his feet and drag him to her car and after a few minute she was driving him home.
Eileen had rang Janice saying that she was worried for Matthew having heard John making threats towards him earlier in the day, and when he had returned to her place that night with blood on his cloths she had feared the worse. Janice had known that he was going for a drink and that the Queens Head had become his local haunt, it was easy to just drive round having a look for him. However, the stroke of luck that had helped her was that the attack had happened just out of the laneway and on the main street otherwise she would have missed him.
Janice tried to get Matthew upstairs and into his bed, it was a struggle but somehow she managed it, even though the stairs were very narrow. By this time he was still in great pain but kept insisting that she does not ring for a doctor. He wanted nothing but to get some heat in to his body and some rest. So after she had undressed him and laid him to rest under the sheets and blankets. She took off her own cloths and slid in along side of him. She knew he was in no mode for sex but was hoping that she could warm him up using her own naked body.
Matthew did not move from his bed for two days and when he did finally emerge, it was with a feeling of great pain that racked his whole body. Janice had nursed him all of the time, not that there was much to do as he had slept the whole time. Although she did try to feed and bandage the massive arrange of cuts and bruises that littered his body. At times he was in so much pain that he could not even respond to the sexual advances if Janice was to make a move towards him.
By the end of the week he was feeling just that little bit better so he decided to take a shower before he retired to bed. About five minutes into the shower and with soap in his eyes, he suddenly felt a woman’s hand lightly touch his chest. At first he jumped and was quite shocked, but slowly he tried to work out what was going on. He knew the shower door was not locked because there was not a lock on the door. The last thing he had expected was that one of the ladies of the house would invade his privacy while taking a shower. Although upon reflection Janice had been making half-hearted advances towards him for the last couple of days, especially as she had noticed that he was slowly recovering.
Matthew decided to let her proceed with whatever she had in mind for him, mind you that was about all he could do. That old adage about a male not being able to refuse any sexual offer that might come his way, applied to Matthew just as it applied to most hot blooded males, and anyway it did feel good.
Slowly Matthew lay back on the shower wall and just let it happen, his mind was in a faraway place. All he could see was Janice naked but scantily wrapped in beautiful silk material and surrounded in a light sexual mist that engulfed them both.
When it was all over and he had finally come back to earth, he rubbed the soap from his eyes and almost jumped out of his skin. He was looking straight into the eyes of Dawn, who very sexually asked if it had been nice. Matthew was lost for words for a moment, but finally asked where Janice was. He was promptly told that she had popped out to the shops for some milk and anyway wasn’t he pleased with her for what she had just done for him. By this time Matthew had gathered his wits about him and was asking why she had come in to the shower with him. She knew that her mother and him had been together all week and that under the surface they had something going between them. Dawn was quick to add that she had a little something going between them as well only she had not been so lucky for the last couple of weeks. So as mum was out, it was time for her to catch up with a little play. Matthew was now trying to squeeze past her to get out of the shower, the last thing he wanted was to be in this position if Janice walked in on them.  He managed to get passed Dawn and out of the Bathroom, but Dawn pestered him for a final kiss. In his haste he made his way down stairs while wrapping a bathrobe around him. Unfortunately Dawn kept following all the time pleading for a kiss, but not bothering to grab a towel to cover her. It became a type of cat and mouse chase as they first went in to one room around the furniture and then in to another. Matthew then ducked in to the lounge and tried to get around the armchair. Suddenly he let out a loud cry as he fell to the floor clutching his big toe. In his haste to get away he had stubbed his toe on the double-headed llama that had been pushed into the corner. As he lay on the carpet cursing the day the Maureen had ever bought the damn thing as a present for him. Dawn saw her chance and took a flying leap at Matthew, hoping to land right on top of him. Sadly she missed, instead she slid up to and hit her head just like Matthew on the stone Llama and ended up lying beside him holding her head. There then followed a terrible crash as the llama toppled over and smashed in to a dozen pieces, at that very same moment in walked Janice with a bottle of milk in her hand. She took one look at them on the floor and asked if anybody wanted milk in their nightcap. Unfortunately she also had Eileen with her, having picked her up on the way after she had expressed concern upon Matthews’s health, after the beating he had endured. They had heard the laughing and giggling from outside the house, followed by a couple of thumps and finally one hell of a crash.
For Janice to suddenly be confronted by her half naked lodger, come temporary lover. To be found lying beside her totally naked daughter was a little more than she could digest. As for Eileen she just took one look at them made some sort of remark to Janice like I thought you said he was almost on deaths door, she then beat a hasty retreat to the kitchen. Matthew tried his hardest to assure Eileen that he had been on deaths door, but it fell on deaf ears. While all around the lounge there were pieces of pottery and a pall of white dust hung in the air surrounding them all. Janice was truly not amused even though both Matthew and Dawn tried desperately to explain that they had only been playing a game and that it was not what it seemed. Janice continued directing her speech towards Matthew saying,
"I thought you were in pain and feeling crook."
"Well if I wasn’t I am now," Matthew told her.
"I think I have just broken my big toe on that stupid statue."
"Serves you right if you play with fire then you must expect to get burnt," was the only reply that he got.
Just then the phone in the kitchen rang, so Janice turned and raced out of the room to pick it up, but not before she told them to clean themselves up and the mess, she was also worried as to where Eileen had gone and was hoping that she did not do anything silly
Dawn could not resist a last minute dig at Matthew, almost enjoying the scene that had just been played out. She flicked aside his dressing gown and poked him where it hurts a man the most. Then before Matthew could do anything about it, she jumping up and run out of the room. However, she did not get far as he heard her miss a couple of steps halfway up the stairs and slid all the way back down to the bottom. Matthew made an off the cuff remark out aloud to her, betting that she made a great sight to see, naked and all crumpled up lying at the foot of the stairs.
Next morning started off with a familiar ring to it, as Janice started the conversation at the breakfast table by telling Matthew that once again he had put his big feet into it, not only that but this time he had given the pot a real good stir.  Matthew tried to ask her not to keep going on about it, it was all a misunderstanding and that it was not what she thought. Janice retaliated that she did not know that she had a sex maniac as a lodger. Matthew gave a half-hearted laugh telling her that she was not funny.
Janice then told him that Eileen had left quickly the night before, quite disgusted with the whole situation she had walked in on. She was not sure what the future held for her as far as Matthew was concerned.
 "Do you know who the mystery phone caller was from last night, said Janice."You're beloved Maureen she continued, wanting to know how lover boy was. Like a fool I said that you were still in bed still in pain and still resting. What a joke that is, I don’t know why I lied I guess I just felt sorry for you. You know how it is when your pet dog is very ill and you don’t want the vet to shoot it, sort of situation. Mind you if I’d have been in control of my brain at the time I should have fed you to the wolves a hundred times over. That poor girl, she needs protecting from a sex maniac like you." finally Janice finished her mouthful to him.
Matthew in an attempt to get Janice on his side and off his back explained that he had not been to bed with the girl, and that he did not intend to until he was committed to the girl.
"No need to, with the amount of sex that you are getting from this household," Janice said.
"I doubt you would have enough energy to accomplish that feat anyway, a man has got to sleep some time, and he can’t live on sex alone, although some men think they can." she added.
Although Janice was trying to be hard on Matthew she still thought a lot of him and deep inside she had already forgiven him. She was lonely, she also knew that if she could be involved with him on a regular basis he would be considered a very good catch especially for a woman of her age. Plus she also knew that Matthew was not getting any younger he was no spring chicken, and that sooner or later if he wanted to settle down he was going to have to make up his mind fast, very fast.
Janice left the room for a few moments, and then suddenly there came a deafening shout from the down stairs toilet area, from where Matthew had guessed she had been heading for. She very quickly reappeared in the kitchen doorway with a grin on her face, threatening to do all sorts of things to him, while he quite calmly asked,
"Is there a problem, and if so can I help help?"
"Cause you can, little Mr innocent, you know what you have been up to, just fix it and tidy the place up." said Janice.
 "What’s it with you men that you have to always be playing games all the time," she continued.
Matthew told her that he had just wanted to cheer her up, and that a good laugh never hurt anybody. Good laugh was her reply, good laugh she repeated to herself as she turned to leave the room and then constantly repeated that same line until she was out of earshot.
Matthew had decided that it was time to have a joke to lighten up the atmosphere within the house. Just to remove the expected pressure from him that he knew would eventuate as they confronted each other across the breakfast table. Janice had been constantly nagging him since his arrival, about leaving the toilet seat down whenever he left the room, knowing that she would always want him to at least lift it up, before he used it. He decided to have a laugh and just to prove a point, that he did actually raise the seat before use. He had stuck the seat in an up position to cistern at the back with some double-sided sticky tape. However, he also knew that it would get her going, especially as it was first thing in the morning, when she was usually not at her best. Wrong again, in trying to start off the day with a laugh, all he had done was to upset her, but only slightly or at least that’s what Matthew tried to convince himself of. He suddenly had a horrible thought, thinking that it was a good idea that he had not gone ahead with his first idea and that was to stretch some cling film across the top of the pan. By the sound of it, it might have been the last straw. The straw that broke the camel's back and he could have been packing his bags by now and on his merry way. However, what if she had actually used the toilet while the cling film had been stretched across it. Well that did not bear thinking about.
About an hour later Janice walked in the lounge room where she found Matthew sitting on the couch reading an old newspaper. The toilet incident had been totally erased from her mind, she had showered soaked herself in perfume and was dressed very smart and ready for a new day. She walked over to him and bent down and kissed him on the cheek, and then suggested that they start the day a fresh. She went on to tell him that she knew he meant well, and that she had been very happy since his arrival, even though his sense of humour some times left a little to be desired. On the subject of her daughter and Matthew she was not happy with the relationship. She was old enough to look after herself, which also meant that Janice could not tell her what to do, even though at times she wished she could. However, she did ask Matthew to stay away from her while he was in the house and at least while Janice was with him. Matthew had to explain that it was not him but Dawn who was always creeping into his bedroom or as happened the other night the shower that was missing a door lock, he stressed. Anyway he explained that he had thought it was Janice who was in the shower with him. He could not see, as his eyes were full of soap, and also that he had been disappointed to find it was not her.
Janice sat down beside him and started to talk a little more personal catching him slightly off balance.  Let's just call it a woman’s intuition, but am I right in thinking that Peter is your son. Eileen has not told me anything, but you can see it in the boys features, he has your beautiful looks you know, it’s a wonder that other people have not picked up on it before. Matthew said nothing he just sat there listening to what she had to say. Janice knew she was right just from the fact that Matthew was saying nothing.
When finally he did break his silence it was to tell her that he had only learnt from Eileen on the night of Peter's party. For all those years that he had been away from Stowmarket he had not known that he was a father, and that she should understand that it had all come as a hell of a shock to him. He also told her that other than Eileen they were the only other people who knew.
Janice then added that it did not bear thinking about of the consequences if and when John finds out. There would be no wedding bells once it all comes out in to the open.
Matthew then told her that Eileen wanted him to go back to her and that he had considered it. She truly did not know what to do or which way to turn. His returning home and the decisions that he has to make in the next few weeks is going to upset half of Stowmarket. There is not only Eileen, John and all his family, what of Peter once he finds out. Then what of poor sweet, innocent, Maureen and then there is your daughter, and not forgetting Peter’s girl friend Sally. Remember you were all trying to push Dawn on to him, not that I think that would be very successful, they just don’t suit each other.
However, with you Matthew, Janice continued, you suit most people you are very likeable, funny and a great lover, you can have the pick any time you like. Although I would be careful, your stay here in town has been short and you have already ruffling a lot of feathers lately. You could end up with egg on your face and nobody to love, and if you don’t watch out you might be chased out of town with your tail hanging between your legs.
"As long as it's just my tail" Matthew tried to inject a little laughter in to the conversation.
To the relief of both of them the phone suddenly rang jolting them both back to the real world, it was Matthew who got up to answer it. Some guy was asking for Janice, Matthew told him that she could not come to the phone as she was cutting the Canaries toenails. The caller asked if she could ring him back in ten minutes. To which Matthew told him that he had better make it an hour, as she still had to bath it and then put it to bed. There was a deafening silence on the other end that lasted almost a couple of minutes, before finally the caller hung up.
Matthew explained to Janice what he had said and then burst out laughing. Although Janice was not amused telling him that it was probably the local town councillor who she had promised to help in the next town elections. Matthew was quick in asking Janice how do you know when a councillor is lying. To which Janice said no I don’t know, go on I give up. Matthew laughed again and replied, when his lips are moving. That pays you back for not giving me the phone the other night when Maureen rang asking for me.
She grabbed hold of him and started tickling him all over, Matthew returned the gesture and they both ended up rolling onto the floor, grabbing squeezing and tickling each other. However, it was not long before Janice got her own way and they ended up in a tight embrace kissing and fondling each other. Matthew had once again succumbed to the age-old trick that women had learnt a million years before, called seduction by the woman, and that men are mere mortals and putty in their hands. The way Matthew was progressing through life meant that he was very easy stuck to them all.
Back at work Peter, Maureen and Sally had all been wondering what had happened to him, as he had not been on the assembly line all week. Peter had spoken to the supervisor but had only been told that he had rang in sick, and likely to be away for a few more days. Even his mother had not said anything to him. However, one thing Peter had done was to carry on what Matthew had started by calling the supervisor Herr Hoss-shite, while not knowing the reason why.
Maureen was also feeling very hurt and not knowing what had happened, even thinking that it was something that she had said or done, after all she had not seen him since the day of Peter's birthday. Plus she had still not received an explanation of what really happened that night. All she could remember was the look and shock on everybody’s faces as the scene was being played out within the kitchen. That is why she tried to ring Matthew only to be confronted with Janice who told her a pack of lies that he was still in bed resting. She did tell Maureen that he had been beaten up by a group of boys as he left the Queens Head after a big drinking binge. She said that he had been mugged and that she would tell Matthew that she had rang, so that later he might contact her. All this was done just to get her out of Matthews’s hair, as Janice really wanted Matthew for herself.
Chapter 5
Double Sided Trouble
Sunday arrived to find Matthew entering the lounge to find Dawn on her hands and knees in the corner of the room. She was trying to glue the double-headed Llama back together as a surprise for him. So his unannounced entrance caught her completely off guard, with nothing to say or do. She wanted to hide what she had started, but that was totally out of the question. She rubbed a tickle on the end of her nose with the sleeve of the smock she was wearing, leaving a large white smudge right on its tip. The task she had tried to undertake had turned out to be harder and longer that she had thought. Added to this, it had also turned out to be a very messy and dirty. The smock was covered with white dust from the broken pieces of the statue, plus the odd globule, or to be more precise completely smeared all over with glue.
Matthew was the first to speak asking "What she was doing."
"Can’t you see," she replied to him sarcastically.
"I’m repairing your precious little statue for you?"
Matthew laughed "If you had not been playing around, you would not have bumped your head and smashed it."
Then pointing at the half completed statue on the carpet he laughed again and told her "It looks a little different to how I remembered seeing it."
"What’s that hump in the middle," he laughed again as he awaited her answer. Dawn was slow in answering telling him that,
"I could not remember where everything went."
"I can see that," said Matthew once more laughing but this time under his breath not wanting to hurt her feeling too much.
He left her in the middle of a big decision she had a large piece in her hand and was trying to work out which end to stick it. Unfortunately she was not aware that Matthew had included a few pieces of statue that he had found in the garden shed. At the time it had occurred to him that it might keep somebody busy for a couple of days, and anyway he was dying to see what she made of it, if and when she managed to complete the task.
Walking in to the kitchen he managed to bump in to Janice who was carrying a plate of toast towards the table. Unfortunately two pieces fell on to the floor landing with the buttered side down on to the tiles.
"I could have bet you that would happen," said Matthew, to the annoyance of Janice.
"What," she asking him to repeat what he had just said. Matthew went on to explain that it did not matter whenever you dropped the toast, it would always land with the buttered face down. Janice smiled at him starting to see the funny side of the incident that had just happened. She then added that it was a little like when you are in the shower, why is it that the conditioner always runs out before the shampoo. Both ended up laughing at each other as Matthew leaned over and kissed her on the cheek and to bid her good morning. It was only when she bent down to pick the toast up, that he noticed that she was wearing the scantiest baby doll nightdress he had ever seen. Wow! That’s a stunner, Matthew remarked referring to the nightdress. Janice looked up at him and said that she thought he had not noticed things like that lately. She went on to tell him off for not visiting her bedroom during the night, and that she had laid awake waiting for him. Matthew was quick to reply that he could not see why she bothered to wear anything under the nightdress, as it did not cover much. He said to her you don’t need an imagination looking at something like that when it is all laid out in front of you. He finished by saying that anyway they had to behave as Dawn was in the next room and it would not be fair on her. Since when did you care who was in the next room? I can remember a time when we were both in the same room, and that did not stop you one little bit. Anyway she said I thought after that fiasco the other night with Dawn that you preferred me. After all you said of the incident that it was not what it seemed and looked worse than it really was. Well last night you could have proved it to me couldn’t you she said with a wink and a smile.
Been in the lounge lately he asked trying to change the subject, looks like a pottery school is in progress, so if I were you I’d keep well clear. Janice answered him by explaining that Dawn had got up early to stick it all back together in an effort to surprise him. However, it had turned out to be a much bigger job than she had first thought. She also added that at least she had all of her clothes on, so she would not catch a cold, and as she was not playing about it was a good bet that she would also not bump her head again. After a cup of coffee and some toast, they both went in to the lounge to see if she was making progress. Both could not help starting to giggle at the sight that greeted them on the lounge room carpet.  That does not look a bit like the one I had Dawn mine only had two heads, one at each end, this thing has three and one of them is in the middle. Poor Dawn finally had to admit that she was struggling and mainly because she did not have a picture to follow, even a jigsaw has a picture on the lid.  As Matthew and Janice left the room he could not resist whispering in to her ear that he had added a few extra bits to the puzzle. Janice saw the funny side to what he had to say, as they returned to the kitchen for another cup of coffee.
It was late in the afternoon before Dawn finally gave up her mammoth task of trying to stick the Llama back together, and with no success. The monstrosity that she had created did appeal to Matthew sense of humour and he asked her to leave it as it was. Once he had sprayed it a different colour it would look like a modern art sculpture, something like Andy Wahol would conjure up and make a million dollars for him at an auction.
It was Monday morning and Matthew had decided to return to work. However, he had not realised that his reception was going to border on rock star status. Within just a few minutes of walking on to the shop floor he was mobbed by most of his fellow workers, all anxious to know how he was and what had happened to him. The news had spread around the works in double quick time of the beating that he had taken, with most people taking it for granted that he had been mugged. Matthew was still sporting a black eye but apart from that he had recovered quite well. As the majority of the workers had moved away to their assembly line positions ready for the siren that would announce the start of the line. Matthew was left in the middle of Peter, Sally and Maureen, who at the same time quizzed him about his health.
Matthew assured them that he was okay and just prayed that there would be no awkward questions for him to answer. Maureen was the quietest waiting for a lull she could ask him a couple of personal questions and Matthew knew it. Although just as she was about to say something up walked the supervisor and demanded that they take up their positions on the line.  Yes Herr Hoss-Shite, said Peter before Matthew could get the same words out. Right away Herr Hoss-Shite said Matthew while looking at Peter. Who taught you that one he asked? Got it from you Matthew and if it’s good enough for you then its good enough for me, but I’d wish you would tell me what it all means. The supervisor once again ordered them to their positions only this time in a threatening manner, Matthew winked at Maureen and silently mouthed the words, see you at lunch keep me a seat.
They worked on opposite sides of the assembly line, just a couple of meters along from each other. Although by a stroke of luck their jobs allowed them to take the occasional glance in each other's direction across the conveyor belt, that was always moving with half assembled lawn mowers scattered all along its length. It was during these glances when they timed it right that their eyes met and they would just stare at each other. However, it was impossible to talk because of the machinery noise that was going on all around them at a deafening volume. Therefore they had developed a system of shaping words with their mouths virtually just saying the word but with no sound coming out. The system was in its infancy as they had only been at it for a couple of weeks. However, for them it was enough to get them by, with the basic words of a couple in love.
Most of the workers around them knew what they were up to and at times would make fun of them, by also mouthing words to each other. Although they were not usually words of love more a big joke amongst the workers. Matthew and Maureen had learnt to ignore them and they accepted it all in good humour. That is all accept the German supervisor who was always looking for an excuse to belittle Matthew. He did not like what Matthew was calling him, especially now that Peter was copying his example. If he had his way he would have Matthew sacked, but was unable to do this unless he had a very good reason, mainly because of the union bosses and also because they could not employ enough locals to do the tedious type of work that was required in the factory.
It seemed an eternity, but finally the lunch break arrived and they all headed to the canteen for a much-needed cup of tea. Maureen had saved Matthew his usual seat and was eagerly awaiting him to sit down beside her. No sooner had they got together and before they could utter one word to each other, Peter and Sally arrived and once again hit him with a barrage of questions. Like what had happened? Who had done it? Was he all right now? Did it still hurt? Maureen was sitting beside him and had both hands around his arm and was holding him tightly as if she was scared that he might move away and not return. Matthew went over most of the detail to them and gave them a fairly accurate account of what had happened. However, he did leave out the most important piece and that was the connection with John. He felt that it would serve no purpose in telling them and anyway Peters mother Eileen should be the person to tell him these sorts of details. After Matthew had finished they all made comments about his bruised and blackened eye, and remarked about how funny it looked. Matthew answered by telling them that he did not feel funny, in fact at times it still bloody well hurt.
When finally Maureen had her chance to get a word in, her first question was to ask him why he had not returned her phone call. Matthew did not want to lie to her but he felt he had to, just so there would be no bad feelings and maybe a possible scene in the canteen, and in front of most of the work force. He tried to explain that he was not feeling to good and was trying to get as much rest as possible so he could return to work. You could have just talked to me on the phone surely that would not take much energy. Well the other reason is that Ja… he cut himself off in mid sentence and then continued to say that the owner of the house had not given him the message for a couple of days.
To his relief the supervisor came over to the table and started to make fun of his black eye, by calling him One Eyed Jack, (the title of an old western movie). Matthew let his temper do the talking by jumping to his feet and saying, yes Mr Hoss-Shite, no Mr Hoss-Shite, three bags full Mr Hoss-Shite. The supervisor in a very deep German accent asked. But why do you call me Mr Hoss-Shite, my name is Herr Hossriete. Peter joined in, yes why do you call him Hoss-Shite, I’d like to know that as well. Matthew was quick to answer, Hoss-Shite, Horse-Shit don’t you get it Horse-Shit, Horse-Shit that’s about all he talks to us, especially when he is using his authority to order us around. After a few seconds of complete silence Sally perked up and said that her mother once knew a German barber by the name of Herr Kut. Everybody just turned and looked at her, and once again there was complete silence. Sally just did not come out with jokes like this or at least she hadn’t in the past, so it was so out of character for her. Suddenly the silences was broken as somebody on the next table joined in and said aloud that his father had a friend in Holland with the name of Hans Ohff, with that the whole table burst in to laughter, as did a few other people around the canteen who had all been straining their necks in an effort to hear what was being said. Then somebody else shouted out that they knew of a Scottish dentist with the name of Phil McCavity, once again there was more laughter. Most of the workers hated the supervisor, but not many of them had the courage to answer him back, so when an opportunity came their way to have a laugh at him and to his face, well they took the invitation with open arms. Hossriete turned away and made a quick exit from the canteen before he was belittled by more of the workers. Matthew would have to wait and see what fate had in store for him, and if indeed he still had employment at the local lawn mower factory. Then the siren blasted informing them all that it was time to return to the assembly line and the hard grind of a day's work. As they were leaving Matthew made arrangements to pick Maureen up and to take her out after work.
That night he took her for a big slap up meal in a top nightclub in Ipswich. This was the first time that they had been on their own for some time, and Maureen was soaking up the company that Matthew was offering. They kissed and cuddled at every opportunity it was as if nothing had happened over the past couple of weeks. That was until she asked him how he was getting on with the statue that she had bought him. Oh, he said being caught off guard and wondering if he should tell her the truth of what had happened to it. He deciding to say nothing, it has pride of place in the lounge he told her, in that special spot where it cannot help to be noticed. What did your landlady think of it? Matthew went on to tell her that she loved it and thought it suited the room, she even made the remark that it would be nice to have a pair to balance up the room. The minute he finished saying that, he knew he’d done wrong and that it could cause trouble. So he immediately changed the subject and told her of a road sign that he had seen a few days before. It read 'Taylor Pies' and underneath it had the words 'Crematorium' and under that it said, 'Rosie’s Transport Café'. Matthew laughed and started making all of the usual jokes about using the crematorium ovens to cook the pies, and even that maybe the meat might be coming from the same source. He finished off by adding that you could then go down the road to 'Rosie’s' and enjoy eating as many as was possible. You could have used the sign as a slogan he said, something like 'We make then,' while under that it could have said that 'We cook them,' followed by 'We sell them'. Maureen laughed but told him off for talking like that and that one day it would get him in to trouble. Anyway Matthew thought it was hilarious and continued laughing and adding more jokes about it.
Matthew noticed that she was wearing a very nice gold locked on her wrist and asked her what it was. She quickly replied that it came from Romford. Romford said Matthew only football players come from Romford. Maureen jumped in by telling him that her favourite Aunt had come from Romford. Matthew with equal speed asked what team she had played for. Matthew was quick to get off of that subject and find something totally different to talk about. She had left some of her vegetables on the side of her plate so Mathew made the remark that his parents had always got on to him about leaving them and that there were millions of starving people in India. So for years he had eaten bloody tons of the fowl tasting things, and that it had not helped as there was still millions of starving people in India.
After the meal Maureen got up to go to the ladies room, Matthew thought it was a good idea and went to the men’s. But not before he asked her would she like a drink, and he would meet her in the bar.
When Maureen finally arrived at the bar to Matthew relief, thinking that she was in trouble and was considering sending out a search party for her. They sat at a table near the window, not that there was much to see outside, as it was dark. Maureen was bubbling, hey you should see what it's like in the ladies she said, it's all very modern, with gadgets to do everything. You know when you wash your hands and then you don’t like opening the doors because there are germs on the handle, well even the doors open automatically, it was amazing. What were the gents like she asked, oh pretty much the same, but we did have a girl zipping up our trousers for us, so our hands did not get dirty. There was suddenly a dead hush as Maureen looked at him not knowing what to say next. Matthew thought for a moment thinking that he should not really tease her like this, as she was so sweet and innocent. She was just not on his line of comedy, one of these days he was going to say something that he would regret later. Matthew decided to cool it down a little so they went in to the dance area where they had a few more drinks and enjoyed a cuddle on the dance floor. With soft music and dimmed lights it was time to catch up on some romantic atmosphere. They both milked it to the limit and were disappointed when they suddenly realised that they should be heading home, both needed a little sleep before work the next day.
On the way home Maureen cuddles up as close as possible to Matthew although it was awkward. Sitting in a bucket seats and tied in with seat belts was no joke and very restricting. Matthew was thinking of the times that he had been driving with Eileen. In those days the cars had bench seats and no seat belt, you cuddle up so close that she was almost on your lap. Plus it was great once you parked for the night, the bench seat was almost like a single bed.
The sound of a Police car siren and the sight of a blue flashing light in front of him suddenly brought him back to reality. He had been flagged over, but for what he had no idea. The police officer approached his car asking where had he been that night and did he know that he was wandering about in his lane. He then produced a breathalyser kit and asked Matthew to blow into it, taking one long breath and not to stop until he said so. When finally he was told that he could stop Matthew gasped for air. He could not resist making a comment asking if the officer was looking for possible candidates to blow up the balloons at the next policeman’s ball. The policeman retaliated telling him not to be smart, and that he was over the legal limit to be driving. He then proceeded to write him out a ticket telling him to pay it at his nearest Police station. Once again Matthew could not help himself, and asked how much he would get off if he paid cash. Although by this time the police officer was starting to lose his temper, and announced that it bordered on the line of bribery and that if he did not watch his step he would be further charged. Matthew finally got the message and kept his mouth shut as the officer told him that if the lady had a licence she could drive him home. Lucky for them both, she had not been drinking alcohol, otherwise they would have been stranded for the night.
Once they were on their way again and to break the pregnant pause around them Maureen out of the blue again asked Matthew if he was telling the truth about the girl in the gents toilet who was zipping up the men’s trousers. Yes he told her and we were not even charged for the service either. Poor innocent Maureen she was really being lead astray by Matthew, if ever she was to find out that she was the brunt of his jokes it was certainly going to be interesting. However, Matthew he did not see it that way, he just thought that if people laughed then they were having a good time, even if it was at their expense.
The next evening Matthew found himself unannounced knocking on Eileen’s front door, and as she opened the door she received her biggest shock of the day. What are you doing here she asked, just thought I would come round and have a little chat with you, he said. I think you have left that a little too late haven’t you, the last time I saw you, you were having a romp on the floor with my best friend's naked daughter, and in her house of all places. That’s what I wanted to talk to you about, like I said it was not what it seemed, she was just chasing me around the room. What naked, Eileen said, what sort of mug do you take me for, where were her clothes? Matthew hesitated, Eh in the bathroom, in the bathroom Eileen butted in. Well you see without me knowing, she had got in to the shower with me. What, say no more Matthew it just gets worse by the mouthful, I’d hate you to incriminate yourself further. Oh come on Eileen give me chance you know I think the world of you, just let me explain. Eileen butted in and told him that he wouldn’t know the truth if it bit him on the backside. Well at least I thought that you would ask how I was and if Id fully recovered, or even what happened to me. You look fine to me Matthew you do not have to rub it in to gain some sympathy. How about a cup of tea Matthew asked, you know when I used to visit my Aunt at Stowupland I used to have to take a flask with me as she never ever offered me a cup of tea, hope you're not going to treat me like that. He finished off by saying that he thought they were friends and that they had something going between them. I don’t know any more Matthew, I just don’t know. I’m hearing so many stories from different people. I just don’t know whom to believe. He told her that she should not believe rumours as they were never true, and hadn’t he told her that he loved her only a few days ago prior to his mishap.
Then trying to change the subject, something Matthew was getting good at just lately, he asked where Peter was. Eileen was quick and just muttered that he was out with Sally. There you go reminding me of the incident once again. It was Janice’s daughter Dawn that we all wanted to go with Peter, see you have messed that up as well. Matthew was quick to tell her that he did not think the relationship would have been a good one and that he did not think they were suited. Well you would know, wouldn’t you, you have sampled the goods or tried them out as they say.
Trying to once again change the subject he asked where old big ears was. Then quite by a flute of nature the front door opened and in walked the man in question. What’s this about big beers John asked, oh nothing said Eileen Matthew was just leavening. Good job for that honey I thought for a moment that I was going to have to throw him out for you. Matthew was straight in asking whose army he was going to employ to do the job. While John came straight back at him with, boy looks like you ran in to the back of a Double Decker Bus, judging by the state of your face, or do you always look like that. It became evident from the way that the conversation was heading that Eileen did not know that John had been one of those to attack him. Matthew could see nothing was to be gained by staying especially now that John was in the house. It did not take a brain surgeon to work out that within a short period of time they would be at each other’s throat, and a big fight was going to be the end result. This was the last thing that Matthew wanted and especially at Eileen’s home, here he was still trying to seduce her not put her off for life. He had convinced himself that he was protecting her from a lesser-known evil and that was John.
He took his time going home by stopping off for a drink at the Queens Head Hotel, leaving it quite late before he finally departed and headed for home. He had decided that it would be a good idea if he let the ladies of the house go to bed before he arrived. However, he was wrong, when finally he did arrive home he found Janice still waiting up to greet him.  Her first words were, look what I have for you lover boy, and with that she unveiled another double-headed Llama. She then went on to explain that Maureen had been to the house earlier in the evening to see him, and had left another present to match the first. Janice had not let her into the house afraid that she would see the frail condition of the first, that Dawn had left it in. She might have asked too many questions about the hump in its middle that stood out like a sore thumb to anybody that was likely to see it. Now we have two of the damn things, what are we going to do with this one Janice asked. Bookends said Matthew, Yes that’s it Bookends. But they are a meter high and they can only sit on the floor, we haven’t any books a meter high said Janice. Matthew continued in his usual way of cracking all sorts of jokes and funny one-liners in a vain effort of coming up with a solution. Although it was all to no avail and he finally admitted defeat and told her that he was going to sleep on it. To which Janice got a joke in by saying that she would like to see that and asking if he would be comfortable. She then left the room and returning right away with a blanket in her arms saying here I’ll tuck you in.
Unbeknown to Matthew when John walked in on him at Eileen’s he had sensed the hostility that Matthew had shown towards him. He had also realised that Matthew knew it was him who had been one of his attackers. He was also very worried that while he was still on the scene he was not only a big threat to his relationship with Eileen, but also a threat to him, and this threat had to be dealt with, and dealt with right away. John had always considered himself as a bit of a fighter but he knew that he had no chance up against Matthew on a one to one basis. So he had contacted his mate known to Matthew as Cheetah and had told him to have another crack at Matthew and if possible get him out of town only this time for good.
For the next few days whenever Matthew was moving around the town whether on foot or in his car, he was constantly seeing Cheetah. So it did not take much imagination for him to work out that once again the man was targeting him. However, this time Matthew was going to call the shots. This time he was going to choose the killing field and it would be at a time and place that suited him.
Matthew decided to fight fire with fire and to go on the attack, why wait for the trouble to come to him and catch him off guard and in a situation that he could not control. With this in mind he started stalking Cheetah, and it only took a short time for him to choose the place. Matthew had watched his movements and found that he lived near the recreation grounds so knowing a time of night that he would be walking in the area Matthew positioned his car so that Cheetah would walk past him but on the other side of the road. Sure enough just as it was getting dark along came Cheetah, heading straight towards him. Matthew waited until he was almost level with the car and wound the window down, and then to the surprise of Cheetah, Matthew beckoned him over. Cheetah walked across the road but approached the car curiously, swearing and cursing under his breath by the sudden realisation that it was Matthew who had called him. As he was about to poke his head through the window to hear what Matthew had to say to him. Matthew thrust his left hand across his body and at Cheetah, grabbing him by the throat in the area of his collar and tie. The grip that Matthew had on him was like a vice, on one side of his Adams apple Matthew had his thumb and on the other his index finger and both were digging into his flesh. It was as if he was squeezing the living daylights from his body by choking him. This caught Cheetah totally by surprise and off balance, which made it easy for Matthew to pull his head inside the car. As his head passed by the window frame, Matthew produced a violent sideward head butt landing it right on the bridge of his nose. The blow brought blood streaming from his nose immediately, he then pushed him back out of the car. Once again being off balance as the grip on his throat was released, he fell on to his back in the middle of the road, where he lay for a few moments while his eyes became badly swollen and closed on him. He was not only left laying in the road semi conscious and bleeding but he was losing his sight at an alarming rate. Matthew decided that it was not in his interest to serve the man any more punishment. So he got out of the car and dragged him to the walkway where he dumped him in an untidy heap. Before he walked away he threatened him, that if ever anybody ever came after him in the future, he would be the one that Matthew would sort out, to once again repay the debt, from now on it was between him and Matthew.
Matthew headed straight to Eileen’s house, at first she would not let him in. It was only after a lot of persuasion and Matthew’s persistence in telling her that it was John that he wanted to talk to, that she finally relented and let him in. Matthew went straight up to the guy and immediately a slanging match started. John felt quite strong in his belief that he was safe in Eileen’s house and that Matthew would not start a fight in front of her. However, that was a false sense of security that he had misjudged. Matthew tore in to him about sending a child to do a man's job and that he had just left him in a heap lying on a footpath. It was now John’s turn to receive a few bumps and bruise, and that Matthew was going to spread him round the room.
Eileen who had been listening to what was being said realise that it was John who had lead the first attack against Matthew, and suddenly felt discussed by the whole situation. She now ordered both men from her house immediately, but when both refused to leave she threatened to involve the police. The situation started to get nasty and both men were by now throwing pretend blows at each other, while Eileen was shouting at the top of her voice trying to break them up. When in walked Peter and was amazed to find the turmoil that was going on. He immediately tried to help his mother in parting the two men. As he pulled John away from Matthew, John turned and said that’s it take your father's side. There was suddenly a dead hush within the room nobody moved or said a thing, you could hear a pin drop. What was that he asked, could you repeat it to me? Yes I know he’s your father, it did not take much for me to put two and two together and to come up with three. Peter turned to his mother asking if it was correct. She nodded her head and said yes, I wanted to tell you, but I needed to pick the time and the place. Peter asked why she had waited all of these years. She tried to explain that it had not been relevant until Mathew had turned up out of the blue after 20 years. Since his arrival just a few weeks ago it had caught her off guard and that she was just waiting for the right time, as far as she knew only Matthew had been told and that was on the night of his party. Peter then turned to Matthew asking why he had not told him, he thought he was his friend. Matthew just stood there in silence and for the first time in his life decided that now was not the time for one of his stupid jokes that he had been renowned for.
Peter turned and ran out of the room and out of the house, leaving the three adults all staring at each other. Eileen then ordered John to get his belongings and to get out of her life for good. As John left the room she turned to Matthew and told him not to be so smug and that he could also get out of her life before she did something that she would regret for the rest of her life. She went on to tell him that he had been nothing but trouble ever since he arrived back in town, and that he was doing his best to wreck a lot of people's lives. Stowmarket had been a quiet little town before he had decided to tear it apart in his pursuit of the fairer sex.
 Matthew followed John out of the house even helping him with one of his suite cases. However, out on the pavement once again they both stated arguing and blaming each other for the position that they now both found themselves.
Eileen now completely alone, her son had walked out on her and god knows where he had gone or if he would ever return. Her so called wedding was now off and at her age she doubted that she would ever find another man who would be prepared to marry her. Matthew had been what she thought would be her saviour, he had been her childhood sweetheart he had been the only person in the world that she wanted to live with for the rest of her life. He had walked out on her over twenty years ago. Upon his return she really thought that they could pick up the pieces and start again and that it would lead to a beautiful and fruitful life together. Finally he could become Peter's father and by god he deserved it, having grown up without a father figure in his life. Eileen was once again all alone and there seemed to be no light at the end of the tunnel.
Chapter 6
Chaos And Mayhem
Once again Matthew found himself pouring out his heart to Janice, by giving her a blow-by-blow account of what had just happened at Eileen’s house.  They were in the lounge and seated together on the settee in front of the fire. She listened very quietly to every word that he had to say, while taking in every minute detail. Matthew went the whole hog by telling her about the relationship that had developed between them, before he had left the town to join the service. Even that so called little secret that had just slipped out in the heat of the moment, which had just taken place at Eileen’s and in front of Peter. The details of which he thought were only known by Eileen and him.
When he had finished there was a slight silent pause for a few minutes, as she placed another log on to the open fire. Then slowly she started to explain to him what she thought of the situation, along with whatever details she had known. She promised to be truthful as she could, see that the situation was now way out of control, and did not want to see anybody hurt. Although she conceded that it was by now a little late to be courteous and start worrying about peoples feeling. The first thing she did tell him was that although she was Eileen’s best friend and had been for several years. She had not been told who Peter's father was, in fact if she had been told it would have meant nothing to her. Because until Matthew arrived on her doorstep she did not know that he even existed. She also added that he should have been more careful with her own daughter Dawn that she was young and vulnerable and he should not have taken advantage of her, especially in her house. She went on to tell him that she knew what was going on. She was her mother she knew the signs and she had not been wrong, in fact to sum it all up she really did not have any sympathy for him.
Janice picked up the phone and rang Eileen, as most good friends would at a time of crisis. She told her that Matthew had just come home all apologetic and that they had just had a long talk about the situation. She went on to say that they were both very worried about her and Peter. Matthew called out to Janice to ask her if John had returned, as he was worried in case he went back and became violent towards her.  Janice shook her head at Matthew, so he guessed that he had not returned, but sadly neither had Peter. Eileen did not know what to do or where to try and look for him. She also flatly refused any help from Matthew and told Janice that she would do well to get rid of him and out of her house, and that he was only trouble. Everything he touches just seems to fall apart or at least the people around him. By the sound of it reconciliation between them at this moment in time was completely out of the question. When Janice rang off and placed the phone back on the receiver, she did not look happy. She went on to explain to Matthew that it looked like her friendship with Eileen was a little strained at the moment and could fall apart. It all seemed to hinge on whether she would get Matthew out from her house.
That was another relationship split up that was put down to Matthew, thinking there was possibly only a couple left to go, and that was between Dawn and her mother, Dawn and Matthew and Maureen and Matthew. Oh and god forbid Janice and Matthew, this was the one he would dread most. It was this relationship that had seemed to work, even with all the turmoil going on around them. Plus he had suddenly come around to a genuine feeling towards her and thought that they just might make something out of it. Or was it that Matthew was getting a little worried that he would be the person left on the shelf to rot, and to end up to a life of isolation. He had always been the guy who insisted that it was the women of the world who were left on the shelves. The one person he had not considered was Eileen, so far she had lost the most including a couple of broken hearts. She had lost John and possibly all the members of his family. Then there was Janice and her daughter, where as they had not really taken sides, they were still protecting and housing Matthew and that scenario was yet to be played out. She had lost Matthew, someone she had loved for nearly thirty years, and had always thought that in the end there was just the slightest chance that they might get back together one day. This relationship she had tasted briefly, but now even that had past her by, and now the icing on the cake for her was the possible loss of her one and only true love her son Peter. Above everything else this was the one loss she had always dreaded if and when it came.
Janice and Matthew took his car and went for a slow drive around the town in a vane search for Peter. It was like looking for a needle in a haystack, but it had to be done. Matthew was beginning to blame himself for the way he had learnt about him being his father. Somehow Janice tried to assure him that to be honest Eileen was the one at fault. She had lived with the boy for twenty years surely in all of that time she could have found the right moment to tell him. Matthew thought that maybe she had chosen not to tell him because he had moved out of the town. However, with his return it had upset all of her plans, so much so that she did not know how to get out of the mess. Although he is her son and living alone they only had each other for company, you would think that they would have confided in each other about the subject.
They continued giving their own views on the subject whilst still driving around. However, it soon became evident that they were just going around aimlessly in circles, and they were not going to find him. They decided to try a few of the pubs and cafes that were still open at this time of night, but once again they drew a blank. Next they decided to make a few phone calls to friends on the off chance that he just might be at somebody’s home. The first place they tried was Sally’s but they were not in luck, they had not seen him.
Back at work Matthew was surprised to find a vacant work position beside him, Peter had not turned up for work and neither had Sally. This upset Matthew even more giving him something to worry about all day, and with no friend beside him, he had nobody to confide in. The only thing that did cheer him up was Maureen’s pretty face opposite him, and her occasional smile and pretend kiss that she threw his way. During the lunch break Matthew explained to her that Peter had disappeared from home and that they had spent most of last night out looking for him until quite late in the evening. He waited until the time was right and then quietly told her the reason for his disappearance and that he Matthew was Peter's father. He then waited for a response that took some time in coming. Maureen was not upset by the claim that he had just been made, but she was surprised. It had caught her off guard to such an extent that she just did not know what to say. When finally she spoke, she said that if they were to get married then Peter would become her stepson. I’d like that she said he is a very nice boy, I’d like that very much. We all get on so well together don’t we, including Sally, and assuming that those two were to get married that would be even better.
When work finished for the day Matthew went home with Maureen so that they could have a talk in the quietness of her home, instead of having to shout at each other and in front of all the other workers. The work in the factory was very dirty so Matthew asked if he could have a shower. Maureen took him upstairs and showed him where everything was, and loaned him an old tracksuit to put on when he had finished. However, one thing led to another and they started caressing each other in the bathroom, considering that Matthew had never had sex or slept with Maureen before, and to date the furthest he had gone with her was just a little fondling. He was very surprised when she started to take off her own clothes and whispered in his ear that she should have a shower with him. Matthew could not believe his luck, he had never pressed the issue of sex between them, and had thought that if and when he wanted to go there, he would probably have to almost plead with her. Here she was handing it to him on a plate, and who was he to turn it down, no way was he going to look a gift horse in the face.
Down stairs they were cuddled up together and sitting in front of a fire, with Maureen in her dressing gown and Matthew in the tracksuit trousers. They were like a couple of lovebirds that had met for the first time, cooing and whispering in to each other’s ears. In between the clinches there was also a lot of kissing coming from both of them. Slowly as they started talking to each other in a normal sort of way, it was Maureen who was asking most of the questions. What she really wanted was for Matthew to explain to her his long term plans for the future and where she stood within those plans. That she loved him very much and was even asking him to move in with her, before they got married. Married Matthew’s hair was starting to rise on the back of his neck. He had always wanted to get married and settle down but had never really got round to thinking who with and exactly what it would mean to him. Now suddenly his brain was working overtime and wondering if it really was what he wanted. After all at the moment he was having a ball, playing the field as they say.
The subject was dramatically dropped as the phone rang and it was Sally asking if she was in contact with Matthew. Maureen told her that he was with her and tried to ask why she had not been at work. She was cut off in mid sentence as Sally blurted out that Peter was in the Queens Head Hotel and was blind drunk. She was worried that he was going to do something stupid and hurt himself. What she was really asking was for Matthew to go and get him or at least keep an eye on him, as she had left him in quite a bad state. They did not waste time in getting dressed. Mathew had to put his dirty clothes back on. He could not be seen in public wearing a woman’s tracksuit, and then he really would become the laughing stock of the town.
Maureen went with Matthew to the pub and as they walked in there was Peter looking as drunk as a skunk, he was having a job to stand but had somehow propped himself up against the bar.  However, what frightened Matthew more was the sight of John standing beside of him, and he looked even more drunk that Peter. Matthew suddenly realised that next to John not quite so drunk was Cheetah.  How about this Maureen its 'Chaos and Mayhem' the comedy duo and they're about to entertain us for the rest of the evening. Matthew could say another word, John spotted him walking over, and seeing Maureen with him asked her if she was pregnant yet. He carried on by adding that if she wasn’t, it wouldn’t be long if she continued going out with the big streak of piss she was now with. Matthew went straight up to John and grabbed him by the throat. Then before he could say anything to him Cheetah came up to Matthew, stuck his chest out and told him to let go of John or he would make him let go. Matthew was quick to say to him that I thought I left you lying in a heap by the road the other day, do you want some more medicine.  Matthew let go of John's throat because he was not really a threat to him and walked into Cheetah forcing him back to the wall of the pub. Then putting his face almost into Cheetahs told him that the next time he hit him he would never get up. That he should get out of the pub right now, as he had nothing to do with what was going on between John and him. Suddenly there was a shout from behind Matthew and as he turned to see what was going on, he saw John with a raised beer bottle above his head trying to strike Matthew. Luckily a stranger’s hand had grasped John’s wrist and was in the process of removing the bottle before it did its damage. Matthew followed the arm down and found that it belonged to his old mate Brian Lawrence. Who had seen what was going on, and wanted to protect his friends back as all ex service men do. Matthew turned back to Cheetah and told him to get out. Before he left he asked Matthew why he called him Cheetah. To which he was told that he did not look like Tarzan, more like his mate. Cheetah left the bar muttering to himself still not any the wiser as to why he had been given the nickname.
He then told John to get his act together and to start acting like a man, that he was not doing his case any good by acting like an idiot in front of Peter. He then whispered in his ear that if he still wanted to hit him they should go outside right away and Matthew would allow him the first hit. He continued by telling him that there would be only two hits, one when Matthew hit him and the second would be as he hit the floor. He also added that his so-called minder had called it a day and left him high and dry by leaving the pub. Once he realised that Cheetah had gone he quietened down considerably and became more like a mouse.
Matthew with Maureen’s help took Peter over to a table even though he did not really want to go. He was in such a state that it was almost impossible to make any sense of what he was saying. Matthew decided that it was not worth bringing anything up he was so incoherent. The best thing they could do was to get him home even though he was making it plain that he did not want to go. In fact he was trying his hardest to the get the publican’s attention so he could order another round of drinks. As Matthew got him up and to the door he made a remark to the barman, that the guy should not have been served beer in this state. To which the barman almost got into an argument with Matthew that he did not need telling whom he could or could not serve beer to. In fact it got so heated that at one stage it looked like a fight might develop between them. Even Brian backed away not wanting to be brought in to the augment and take sides, otherwise he might also be ejected from his favourite watering hole, and he wasn’t going to have that.
They arrived at Eileen’s almost carrying Peter from the car and propping him up against the front door as Maureen rang the bell. It was Eileen who opened the door and was shocked at the sight that greeted her, almost instantly starting to blame Matthew for getting him in the state he was. Maureen waded in protecting Matthew telling her that Sally had rang them, and told them where he was and could they help. We are only the messengers please don’t shoot us. Matthew looked at her hardly believing what she had just said, after all it was his job to crack all of the jokes. They took him inside and laid him on the couch to sleep it off. It was no good trying to get him up the stairs to bed, as they would never manage to get him up the narrow walkway to his bedroom. Eileen asked if they would like a cup of tea even though she did not really want them to stay. It was not in her nature to be nasty and rude. After all she had just about thrown Matthew out of her house, just a few days earlier. They did talk about what had happened over the last couple of weeks and at the way Peter had taken the news. She had not known where he had been if in fact he had been missing for two days. Now she only hoped that he would come out of it and not do anything stupid. He would just have to pick up the pieces and adjust his life accordingly, and had to accept the hand he had been dealt him, playing it out to the full. When Matthew told her that he had been with John and Cheetah she was a little shocked, wondering what rubbish they might have been putting in his head, and that John should have known better. She went on to tell Matthew that until he had turned up John had been such a nice guy, it seems that you have brought out the worse in him. Matthew interrupted by saying what’s the difference if that’s what he was like inside then it could have come out at any time, and that he was just an over jealous guy who could not control himself, and ended by saying that he couldn’t fight either.
When Matthew got home he walked straight in to Janice who once again had stayed up to find out what he had been up to. Been to see the girlfriend have we, she asked with a little smile on her face. She walked up to him and gave him a little kiss on the cheek telling him not to lie to her. As Eileen had just rang and told her most of the story and that you had been with that Maureen girl. The first thought that came to him was that Eileen had rang on purpose just to stir the pot for him, and to get him into Janice’s bad books. Eileen knew what was going on between them, having worked it all out the night he and Janice had turned up at her house on the pretence that they were worried that John would slap her around. However, it looked like it might have backfired on Eileen, as Janice was not in a bad mood. It was as if she did not mind what Matthew got up to, as long as he always returned to her at nights. They went into the kitchen and had a nightcap while Matthew went right through most of the evening’s events leaving out the shower incident. He could not see any reason why he should tell her more than was necessary, mind you it had crossed his mind that this sort of situation just might turn her on. After all she had not said much to him about what had gone on between her daughter and him. However, if he was looking for a romp this evening he was way out of luck. Because once they’d finished their drinks Janice just went straight to bed. There was no caressing no cuddling no kissing, no nothing. This left him even more confused, was he expected to follow her to the bed, or not. Or was it a genuine brush off and that sex was definitely off the menu this evening. He chose the latter hoping he’d made the right decision, and anyway he was feeling quite tired after the nights excitement. Any more excitement and he would be late for work the following morning.
The only thing that had come out of the evening for Matthew was the fact that it really was over between Eileen and him. He made up his mind that he would not try and revive their relationship, and that it was best left alone. Although somewhere along the line he was going to have to make a decision between Janice and Maureen. He hadn’t even thought of Dawn as far as he was concerned she was now out of the picture.
Fate had a surprise for him the following night, when Dawn invited him to accompany her to a party at one of the local nightspots. Unknown to him Dawn had decided to make one more play for Matthew, even though she knew her mother was by now very serious in trying to snare Matthew for herself. She had planned well catching him as he arrived home for work, while her mother was out. It was easy for her, Matthew was like putty in her hand and within the hour they had showered, on their own of course and were on their way.
Matthew was at his best he was like a young kid and the jokes were flowing fast and furious from him as they approached the club. Next door to the club was a laundry-mat shop that had a sign above the door that read, '24 hour service, 7 days a week'. Matthew tugged at Dawn’s arm and laughing as he pointed to the sign. That’s a laugh he said, its open 24 hours a day but on the door somebody has left a sign saying 'Open'. Because its open he laughed again, it’s a 24 hour service. By this time Dawn had seen the joke and was giggling like the young girl she was. Not only that, Matthew continued, look it's got locks on the doors, when would they ever want to lock the bloody place up its open 24 hours a day 7 days a week. By now they were both rolling around laughing at each other, and the joke had set them up for a good night out on the town as they say.
Just as they were about to enter the club Dawn grabbed his attention and pointed over the road to another shop. There a sign read 'Body piercing while you wait'. Of cause you have to wait while it's being done. There is no way that you can leave your body and come back later and pick it up when it's been pierced can you. Matthew just laughed and nodded his head to her grabbed her hand and lead her in to the club.
Inside the party was in full swing a large gathering of young people who were celebrating one of the guests birthday that had fallen on that day. Glasses of drink were thrust into their hands as they entered in to a disco type atmosphere. The music was deafening, being pumped out by a band over in the corner. They were also controlling the coloured lights that were changing at a fast rate of knots. The strobe lights constant flashing made it very hard to see who was actually in the club. So within this type of environment it did not take them long to get in to the swing of things. Dawn kicked off her shoes grabbed Matthew and dragged him on to the dance floor and she was away. The dance was a little new for him but with Dawns guidance it did not take him long to be in the groove as they say. The alcohol kicked in right away and that made the party swing even better for them. As they were basically on their own it seemed to pull them close together just that little bit closer.
After a time they both needed a rest so they grabbed a table, it was time for another drink and to get their breath back. On the table was an ashtray that was so full it was over flowing. Matthew pointed to it and shouted in her ear asking if it was her grandparents and had she brought them for a night out. Then remarking on how full it was he told her that he had said in the past that she should not mix them up, as she did not know what they might get up to. This gave Dawn the giggles and she could not stop laughing, she was certainly on Matthews wave length when it came to jokes, and after all she’d always considered him to be a very funny person. She leaned over to Matthew and told him not to blow into the ashtray as they would go all over the place and then they would have to make their own way home.  Do you know she continued, that a young girl who comes in to the paper shop regularly, told me the other day that after reading a newspaper advertisement claimed it could send you something that could enlarge your breasts. Anyway after sending a cheque for £30-00 she was very disappointed when she received a package and upon opening it found that it only contained a photo of a man's hand. Matthew burst out laughing, hey I bet it was really you and not a so-called friend. You must be joking Dawn said why would I want to enlarge these grasping one hand on to each of her breasts, there’s plenty to go round and anyway you should know shouldn’t you. Come to think of it I do think they have gotten bigger since you have been fondling them. Matthew just laughed to himself he could sense that the alcohol was already starting to kick in for her.
As the band took a break a few more lights came on and at least they could look around and see who else was in the club. This was the cue for a few of Dawns mates to come over and to have a good look at Matthew after all they had all heard a lot about him in the past. It wasn’t long before a couple of them were impressed with what they saw and started to make passes at him. Matthew was not sure how to handle the situation. If he was seen to be encouraging them Dawn might get jealous, but then hadn’t he made up his mind that as far as they were concerned it was over. However, there was the possible scenario that Dawn might in her fit of jealousy let her mother know that he was once again playing the field. So Matthew decided that he would have to play it cool and not get serious towards them. He had always liked female company and there was no way that he was going to change now, after all why should he. He was out for a good time and still being single it was quite in order for him to do so. He decided to play it safe after thinking of Janice and the off chance that she just might be waiting for him on the doorstep when he arrived home, and having all his belonging in her arms. Having that final humiliating act of his cloths being thrown at him and followed by the dreaded words, "Don’t come back," like had happened to John the other day. No, Mathew decided that was not the way to end a good evening, he was hoping that it would end on a more lighter note.
 One of these people was the female singer with the band. So it did not take him long to strike up a conversation with her. Although not before Dawn had noticed what was going on, so she grabbed his arm and nestled up to him joining in with the conversation. She needn’t have worried as Matthew thought she was a little bit weird or drugged up or something. She was very slow in answering the questions he was throwing at her. Then he asked what are you called, it went quiet for a time then she said 'Eh the Rocking Jelly Beannnnns'. No your name he said uttering stupid under his breath, Dawn tugged on his arm and said, steady remember these are my friends. There was still a couple of seconds of silence before finally she said Monicaaaaa. We used to be called “Monicaaaaaaaa and the Moochersssssss” but the rest of the band thought it was sillyyyyy. Not knowing if the girl had a speech defect and was hanging on to the last word of every sentence that she spoke, Dawn knew what was coming next, so she once again grabbed his shoulder and whispered to him, don’t you dare. Matthew just burst out laughing and had to turn away, making an excuse that he would get another drink for them. He could not resist asking Monica if she wanted one. To which she answered yessssss I would love a Brandy pleaseeeeeee. As Matthew walked away he said quietly under his breath that Brandy also makes you randy.
Matthew was left on his own for a time as Dawn was taken away from him by a girl friend, on the pretence that she wanted her to meet another friend. This was the incident that changed the evening for him for good. The laughter they had enjoyed earlier in the evening was suddenly gone, as quite by chance Matthew looking through the mass of dancers on the dance floor, caught a glimpse of Dawn sitting at a table with three other girls. They were passing around what he supposed were pills or tablets amongst them. When next they all popped them in their mouths and washed them down with what he guessed was a cocktail of drink, he knew what she was up to. This was the one thing about Dawn he had never thought she was in to. Sure she was a very virile and a hyperactive girl that wanted to enjoy life, but this he found hard to take in. When finally she returned to the table he did not know what to say to her or how to handle the situation. As if that was bad enough he had not a clue as to whether he should tell her mother about the incident. He knew that as a responsible adult he should. However, that would make him a bit of a hypercritic, as his philandering amongst the woman of the town left a lot to be desired, he was not exactly setting a good example to the young people of Stowmarket, so who was he to criticise a life style.
The whole mood of the evening had now changed, and it did not take Dawn long to work it out, even though she was under the influence of the alcohol and what ever drugs she had taken. The one thing that Matthew did know was that as far as making love to her in the future, well that was definitely out of the question and the thing they had going was now over for good. He might have his problems and hang-ups, but the one thing he did not believe in were drugs, to him that was the bottom of the ladder stuff. Call him old fashioned if you like, but he could get most of his kicks from alcohol, and at least that was legal. Even though Matthew had drunk several glasses of beer and had a couple of glasses of Jim Beam whisky, by now he did not feel drunk. He asked her what she had been doing with the girls over the other side of the room she just giggled and told him it was none of his business. It is he said, I brought you out and if anything happened to you it's me your mother is coming after. She just laughed and told him to stop being an old fuddy-duddy and to enjoy himself, and nothing was going to happen to her. By now the question of dancing was out of the question as she was beginning to stagger around and it looked like it would only be a mater of time before she passed out. So he called a taxi and decided to take her home before it was too late. By the time it arrived he had to almost carry her to the vehicle.
At home Janice once again the ever-worrying mother was still up awaiting their return. She had guessed that they had gone out together and was worried what they might get up to. The sight that greeted her was not a nice one, but then it never is for a mother to see her daughter absolutely paralytic drunk and being carried in the arms of a much older man. You’re a scoundrel Matthew sneaking off with her like that, and right from under my nose just to take advantage of her. I did no such thing and anyway if I’d have not been with her it’s a dead cert that somebody at the club would have, and she would not be home at this very minute. She then allowed Matthew to take her straight up to her bed, but she insisted that he leave the room while she undressed her and tucked her in. She was taking no chances just in case he might be tempted to jump in between the sheets with her, and then to take full advantage of the situation.
Although that was the furthest thing from his mind, the evening's revelations had cured him of her company forever. For now he would forget what had happened, because now was not the time or the place to tell Janice. In any case he doubted weather she would actually believe him anyway. She might even throw it at him that it was all a load of sour grapes or some thing like that, because she had brushed him aside for somebody else. When in actual fact it was he who had brushed her aside and for a totally different reason.
Next morning Dawn stumbled in to the kitchen where Matthew and Janice were already having breakfast. Asked if she had a sore head Dawn just grumbled under her breath and made straight for the coffee pot. Matthew once again tried to strike up a conversation, boy you look a sight for sore eyes this morning. This time Dawn told him that she felt terrible and that it was like looking through a set of lace curtains at him. Okay go on tell me what did I do last night to make a fool of myself or better still what did I miss of the evening, Dawn asked. Oh not much you just past out toward the end and I had to carry you home, and to cap the night off I was almost ostracised by your mother for doing so. She even blamed me for taking you out, I thought it was the other way round, said Matthew. So it was, I was looking for an escort and you were the nearest knight in shining white armour Matthew. Matthew started to tell her that she should be careful of the company that she mixed with. Although halfway through the sentence he had a change of mind, and somehow he managed to change the wording in the sentence. It was not up to him and anyway he knew that he would cop the brunt of Janice’s fury, no parent ever believes that their children are bad or have been involved in trouble during their teenage years.
When Matthew arrived home from work that day he walked in on a distraught Janice and was given the news that Dawn had moved out. She had been honest with her mother and told her that she had made a final play for Matthew, but it had not taken her long to work out that he was not interested in her anymore. So rather than cramp her mother's style she had decided to move out. Janice was devastated that her little baby had left home. Matthew tried to console her but did not help the situation by telling her that sooner or later the fledglings always leave the nest. Janice was quick to join in by adding yeah but this little bird has virtually been forced out, and it’s your fault Matthew. No not really he told her, all I did was to just help her make her mind up. She knew that you and I had become an item and she was just giving us space, oh and taking a distraction away from me at the same time, don’t you agree he asked her.
On Janice’s insistence he had to go and visit her and try and talk her into returning to her mother. So armed with her address he took a ride up to Cherry Tree Road at the other end of town to seek her out. After just one knock on the front door there stood Dawn, what do you want she asked Matthew, who went on to explain that her mother was upset and that she wanted her to return home. No, she told him she had made up her mind she knew that he Matthew did not want to go with her and that anyway she had given them some elbow room to pursue their relationship. She would not even ask him inside, so what was being said could not be heard by any nosey neighbours that might be listening. Matthew once again pleaded with her to at least go and see her mother just one more time. When suddenly appearing from behind her and looking over her shoulder was a spotty faced young man asking who is it dear? To which Dawn replied that it was just a brush salesman and that he was just leaving. But he hasn’t got any brushes he said, no it’s all computerised nowadays and anyway they are usually too heavy to carry. The boy then asked if she could get him one of those special little suede brushes for his boots, adding that he had not been able to buy one anywhere. Dawn just told him to get inside, I’ll be with you in a minute she told him, and with that he disappeared back into the house. That’s a bright one you’re caught yourself there Matthew taunted her, come on Dawn you can do better than that for yourself, hoping to make her see a bit of sense. However, it was all to no avail she was adamant that she was going to stay and for the moment he was the guy in her life. You have not just picked him up I hope, no she told him it was his house and that they had been friends for a long time, and no she had not picked him up on the rebound as they say. She also told him to tell her mother that she would be over to see her in a couple of days or that she might like to come and see her if she liked. She was not shutting her mother out of her life just spreading her wings a little.
Upon his return and delivering the bad news to Janice, once again he realised that he had been instrumental in the breaking up of a relationship. It was becoming a regular thing for him and at this rate if he was not careful he’d be responsible in breaking up half the town's marriages. The one job he would not be any good at was marriage counselling, deciding that line of work was totally out of the question for him in the future. Janice ended the conversation with Matthew by saying that maybe there is an omen there, I mean who would trust a brush salesman at the best of times, and maybe I should think twice before I once again sample your wears. Trying to brighten up the conversation Matthew threw in a couple of one liner jokes, like anyway a new brush usually sweeps clean. Maybe I should brush up on my matchmaker skills instead of just brushing people aside. It did not work as he found himself standing in the kitchen all alone. Oh well he thought just have to brush it all aside and start again.
Over the next few days it became apparent to Janice that he was still seeing Maureen on a regular basis as well as herself, but she decided to say nothing on the subject to him. She was happy that at least he was staying at the house with her. She also noticed that he did not stay the night at her house. Call it woman’s intuition if you like, she was almost certain that he was not sleeping with her. It was very easy for a woman to read the signs, and usually they were not far off the mark. So at least when it came to the bedroom she had him all to herself. Not that they slept together every night, but at least she was getting enough to stop the rust from forming, as they say.
At work everything had changed, Peter had still not returned and Matthew had still not been able to have a man-to-man talk with him, about the mess that they now found themselves in. It had become apparent that Matthew missed the boy very much and that he dearly wanted to get back and at least stay as a close friend to him. Sally had returned and she had told Maureen and Matthew that there had come a very big change over Peter. So much so that at times he was hard to approach and talk to. He had taken a couple of weeks of work telling Hossriete the supervisor that he was taking his holidays early this year. Sally told them of the night she had sought their help, and how he had got very drunk at the Queens Head Hotel. John and his mate had been pumping a lot of drink in to him all-night and trying to goad him into going after Matthew and to start a fight. For some reason John had seen this as a means of him getting back with Eileen. Although Sally could not see the connection, there was just no rime or reason how this was going to work. Peter had told her that his mother was adamant that she would never allow John back into her house. Sally had then left after trying unsuccessfully to drag Peter away from them, but once she had gotten home she had started to worry about him and what they might try and do with him next, she had become very frightened so she had called them, adding that she hope she had not interrupted anything.  Matthew and Maureen just looked at each other and both said no at the same time. She ended by saying that they were still going with each other, but that there relationship had changed, it was just not the same anymore. She also told them that she missed the nights out that they used to have, the good fun and laughter, if only she could turn the clock back. Matthew joined in by saying that he thought they all felt that way, it wasn’t just Peter who had changed, they all had. Matthew was also very critical and upset that it was he who was being blamed for all of the changes, by quite a few people around him.
Chapter 7
Picking Through 
The Pieces
As Matthew walked into the gatehouse to clock on for the day's work, he was stopped by Hossreite the supervisor and asked to step into his office. There he was met by a couple of managers who sat him down in front of a desk and started asking him a lot of questions, about his job and things that had happened in the factory over the past couple of months. Matthew had not got a clue what it was all about, and as the interrogators would not tell him he just went along with it. Until that is they started talking about things that had been stolen and that they were going to bring in the police unless he cooperated with them. That was the cue for Matthews to realise that if he did not watch his step he was going to end up with his back to the wall and stuck in a corner. Being the stranger in town, there was not going to be many people who were going to be standing up for him. Without warning he suddenly declared that he would say no more unless he had a solicitor present. This was also the trigger for the managers to agree amongst themselves that he was worried, and that they thought he had something to hide. He was asked to wait in the next office until the police arrived. However, Matthew refused, telling them that he intended starting work and that they knew where to find him. He was stopped from entering the assembly line building and informed that he was suspended from work until further notice. He made up his mind that he was not going to let this thing drag on so he finally agreed to hang around until the police arrived, and also a solicitor for him if he could find one at six o clock in the morning.
When finally the police arrived Matthew agreed to meet them even though he had not been able to find a solicitor. Back in the manager's office it was to hear the same old questions being put to him, only this time it was the police asking them. After a time Matthew stopped them, and told them to stop all the crapp and that he wanted to know exactly what it was all about. If and when they decided to tell him, well then he just might be able to help them.
Somebody had anonymously telephoned Hossreite telling him that Matthew had been stealing lawn mowers from under their noses from the factory. Matthew could only laugh at the accusations being made against him. Asking how in the world he was carrying them off the factory site, and adding that they were welcome to look in his lunch box. The police warned him that it was not a light matter and that he should be taking them seriously. I am, he told them once you have worked out how I got them off premises please tell me I would love to know.
It was then that the mood of the questioning changed once again for the worse. Then the police informed him that they knew how he was stealing the mowers. The night before a delivery truck had been stopped at the main gate and the mowers on board had all been counted. One hundred and one mowers were found in the container on the back of the truck. While the driver could only produce sufficient paper work for one hundred. The driver had been charged with the theft and now the hunt was on for the accomplice who had helped him load the extra mower on to his vehicle. At one stage Matthew could not work out what all the fuss was about, it was only one lawn mower not exactly the crown jewels. Until it was pointed out that the theft had been going on for years. One truck a day leaves the factory fifty-two weeks of the year, that’s two hundred and fifty lawn mowers a year. Now Matthew knew they were talking big money and because of the phone call it was his head that was in the frame. The only thing that might save him was the driver, he just prayed that he did not finger him. Matthew he had nothing to hide, he had stolen nothing and anyway they the police were going to have to prove that he was involved.
He was told to go home and that after further enquiries the police would be in touch with him, and until then he was suspended from work. He was not even allowed to go and see Maureen or Sally to explain to them what had happened. One could only guess at the rumours and stories that would be flying around the factory once the story leaked out.
Back at home Matthew got Janice up and out of bed to drop the whole story on to her. Still rubbing sleep from her eyes she told Matthew that it was becoming a regular habit of his to use her as a mother figure, by burdening her down with all of his worldly problems. The only scenario that both of them could come up with, was that the anonymous phone call had come from somebody who had a grudge or did not like him, and that was blatantly obvious. It was not as though he needed the money, he was earning very good wages at the factory, plus he was still receiving a good pension from his time in the Army.
After a time they both came up with the same answer, it just had to be John or Cheetah. They were the only two people that Matthew had fell out with and as far as Cheetah was concerned they had actually hand physical confrontation with each other on more than one occasion. Yeah that was it, it was possibly John and Cheetah trying to take a final swipe at him and his reputation. Although there was no way that they could actually prove it, and at this stage it did not look like the police were going to confirm to him who it was.
Matthew decided that he would have to get a solicitor to represent him. If and when it finally got to court then and only then would he find out who it was, if indeed they were brought before the court? Janice was quick to tell him that the call was an anonymous call that the police would not know whom it was. If that were the case they would still have to prove it was him. She then added that he should stop worrying and that he was better off getting out of the factory. She then muddied the waters further by adding that we are assuming it was a man, it could have been a woman. She went on to say that John’s sisters were not a bunch of nun’s and that she would not want to be on the wrong end of their tongues. Then of course there is Eileen, oh and Peter you haven’t seen him for a few days. Matthew stopped her before she went any further, as it did not bare thinking about, and deciding that they should at least wait until they heard from the police.
Matthew rang up Hossreite and tendered his resignation, and in doing so he fell right into his hands. He had always wanted to have the pleasure of sacking him. However, he was not going to look a gift horse in the mouth accepting his resignation right there and then on the spot. He began rubbing salt in to the wounds by telling Matthew that it would be a waste of time asking him for a reference. Unless of course he didn’t mind him telling the world that he was a thief and that they should lock all their valuables up while he was around. Matthews’s anger began to boil within and he slammed the phone down before he said something he would regret at a later stage.
It was then that he called out to Janice, the one person we have forgotten is Hossreite. Who’s that she asked so Matthew had to explain who he was and how their relationship had deteriorated right from the very first day that they first met, and how he would always try and rub him up the wrong way by calling him Horse-Shite in front of the other workers.
Matthew took a walk up town just to brush the cobwebs from his head he needed to think straight. It sure looked like he had been set up and he intended to find out why. As he entered the Galleon Café there right in front of him was Eileen and Peter having a talk over a cup of tea. Upon asking if he could join them he was very surprised to be told that he could, but not before he ordered a cup of tea for himself. This is nice and cosy he said to them, I hope you don’t mind me joining you. I was hoping to catch you both together at your house Eileen, just so we could sort out a few things.
Peter was in a good frame of mind and seemed willing to talk on any subject that was thrown at him, which caught Matthew completely by surprise. So he tried to explain to Peter that he had not known that he was his father until his mother had told him on the night of his birthday party. He went on to tell him that he would have been proud to be his father and to be able to move in with her. That would have been a fairy tale finish to the whole story. Even working alongside of each other at the factory, he had felt a magnetic friendship that drew them both together, even though it was only mate ship, he’d had that feeling that it was going to end up being that little bit more. The conversation was very friendly amongst all three of them, and to anybody who saw them in the café, they would have been forgiven not to think that they were one big happy family on a day out. The one thing on Peters mind was when they were going to get back together, it had taken him a little time to realise that was what he really wanted. Both of them agreed that it was too late for them to pick up the pieces and anyway what had happened to them in the past couple of weeks could not be repaired. Peter and Matthew wanted to know what each other were going to do with their futures. However, neither could answer the question truthfully because neither had any idea. Then Peter asked about Maureen and if that relationship might survive. Matthew was honest on this one, in telling him that he hoped they would make a go of it and that maybe it might lead to marriage in the future.
Matthew tried his usual trick of cracking a few jokes to brighten up the atmosphere, but this time it was not working. It was their futures that he had played around with, and it could not be brushed aside by a silly little joke. Boy things have changed since we were young, Matthew said to Eileen. In our day we walked on the grass and now the kids of today smoke the dam stuff. He continued and to have a gay time meant something totally different to what it does today. He could sense the atmosphere change once again so he decided to make an exit. He leaned over and kissed Eileen on the cheek thanking her for all of the good times they had spent together even though it was over twenty years ago. Then he offered Peter his hand telling him he was proud to be his father and that he was sorry he had not been there for him and for the loss of his childhood. If ever he could help him in any way or if ever he wanted to visit or stay with him he was just to get in touch. No matter what, he would always be his father. Peter grasped his hand and they shook each other tightly for almost a minute. Then as their hands were slowly pulled apart Matthew turned and walked away from them, somehow thinking that it was possibly the last time that he would ever see either of them.
It was time to get drunk, so without looking behind him, he left the café and headed straight towards the Queens Head Hotel, and a meeting with Brian who he knew would be propping up the bar. Then they could swap war stories of their past deeds in the military, get drunk and for just a few hours forget all the problems that were hanging around his neck.
Matthew was awakened from a deep sleep the following morning by Janice, who was tugging at the blankets that should have been on his bed, but were half hanging on the floor. Wakey, Wakey rise and shine, she told him, you got a visitor down stairs.  How about a cup of coffee first, he asked her. Got one right here and before you ask it's as thick as I dare make it. You had better make it snappy, as there is a gentleman down stairs in a blue uniform who wants to speak to you. As he slowly swung his legs out of the bed and placed them onto the flaw a sharp pain shot up his leg, just the effect of last night he thought.
Matthew stumbled into the kitchen while still feeling the effects of a bad hangover that had been self induced the night before, while trying to drown his sorrows and to get away from reality. 
He was suddenly brought up with a jolt finding Janice and the copper having a cup of tea and looking out of the window, and discussing the garden. You will have to excuse me officer, were the first words he said to the policeman. At the moment it's like looking at you both through a set of lace curtains, you’ll just have to let me get my bearing.
"Had a big night have we sir," the policeman said to Matthew.
"Kind of," he replied and then went on to say that "It was just a little letting off of steam between a friend and myself, a type of farewell gesture to a couple of friends."
 With this Janice’s ears pricked up not knowing quite what he was getting at or going to say next.
"Anyway I hope you're not here just to discuss my love live or are you," he asked the Policeman.
The policeman ran over the events that had greeted Matthew on the morning he had arrived at work to be stopped and accused of stealing the lawn mowers. So Matthew just went through everything once again keeping to the same story. The policeman then asked him if he could think of anybody who might dislike him enough to report him as being involved. Matthew was quick to tell him that at that very moment in time he could name almost a dozen of them, but added that he was not going to, and then asked the copper why. Oh, he said some loose ends in this case just do not add up. Like why the anonymous phone call was only made after the truck had been stopped and searched at the main gate to the factory.
You wouldn’t know whom it might have been then, the policeman once again asked him. Matthews’s brain was working overtime, his service-training instructors had always told him that attack was the best form of defence. Yes I think it was old Hoss-Shite said Matthew. Come again the policeman asked, Hoss-Shite the supervisor, you know that guy has never liked me right from the start. From the very first day he had always been trying to put the knife in my back. The policeman went on to tell Matthew that it was indeed the one he called Hoss-Shite who had received the phone call. Both Matthew and Janice looked at the policeman and by now both had their tongues hanging out. The officer then went on to explain to them that upon checking past records at the factory several hundred mowers were actually missing and that Matthew had only been working there for just a short period of time. That it seems to be a highly organised crime that had been going on for years and netting whoever was responsible a lot of money. The gatehouse keeper who had stopped the truck before it could leave the factory was new. In fact it was his first day on duty and there had not been time for the gang to talk him in to joining the scam that was being perpetrated amongst some of the workers at the factory.
It was getting better all the time for Matthew, mind you he had not really been worried because they would have had to prove it was him. The policeman then confirmed to Matthew that they had arrested the supervisor along with a few other workers and that they were to be charged later that day. It was quite an easy scam that they were running, with every delivery one extra mower was hid on the back of the truck. The truck driver the gatehouse man, the supervisor and a couple of guys in the warehouse and that were all it took. However, it was netting big money for them, it’s a wonder that somebody did not pick up that they were spending big money around the town.
The policeman went on to tell Matthew that if it were he, then he would go to see that management and get his job back. Matthew just shook his head and told the Policeman that he'd had enough of factory life, and for the moment he was going to take a break, while he made up his mind on what he was going to be doing in the future.
Once the officer had gone Janice tried pumping Matthew about the remark he had made earlier about saying good-bye to old friends, and what had he meant by it. He then told her that he had met up with Eileen and Peter and that they had discussed all of their problems and what they all intended to do with their futures. They had come to the conclusion that it was better for all involved if the relationships between them where broken and that they go their own ways. That was what he had been celebrating and was also the reason why he had returned home in such a state.
Eileen then took him to the lounge where she showed him the heap of bits and pieces of pottery in the corner, which had been the second double headed llama present that Maureen had bought him. Let's see you stick that mess together she taunted Matthew. She then continued to ask if his foot was hurting and if it wasn’t then it should. Looking down he could see one of his big toes almost blue in colour and the one next to it still had blood seeping from a small cut below the nail. Matthew immediately started to limp, saying that he could not remember what had happened and that she was not to worry, he would clean it all up. It's not that, Janice said what about that poor girl who keeps buying all these presents for you, what are you going to tell her why they keep getting broken.
Matthew then hatched a plan that he could tell her that last night they were burgled, see it’s that easy he continued. Now we have no problem, or do we, his speech slowed down before saying to Janice. How the hell do I stop her buying any more of the dam things. That’s your problem Janice laughed at him as she left the room.
That evening Maureen turned up at the house asking to see Matthew, so Janice invited her in, and then shouting over her shoulder to Matthew, that there was someone to see him. Janice thought it a wise decision to take her into the kitchen and not the lounge, knowing that Matthew had still not cleaned up the mess that used to be the second present that Maureen had bought him. Janice made her comfortable by offering her a cup of tea, while she waited for him to come down.  It's strange that you have come round, because I had been trying to get him to bring you round so that we could all get to know each other, Janice said as she introduced herself. She continued saying that they had briefly met at Peter’s birthday party.
Maureen remembered the night well but was still unaware of the relationship between Matthew and her. Then Maureen dropped a bomb on to Janice by telling her that when Matthew and her got married she hope that Janice would attend. She was dumb struck and for a few moments did not know what to say. The silence was broken when Matthew walked into the kitchen asking if everybody was okay.
Maureen was just telling me that she had invited me to your wedding. The shocks of that statement showed on his face, oh yeah tell me more, said Matthew. Maureen joined in by adding that I was only telling Janice that when we finally get married I hope she will come. I’ll be there said Janice and adding that wild horses would not keep her away, at the same time nudging Matthew lightly in the ribs and saying I would have thought you would have told me about the upcoming event
Matthew just told her that he was going to but it had slipped his mind. Janice was quick to come back in and said I hope you don’t forget to turn up at the church that could be embarrassing for everybody couldn’t it.
Janice did not like where the conversation was leading, so she decided to up the anti and then came straight out and asked Maureen if she knew that Matthew was a father, that in fact he was Peter's father. She was then further shocked that Maureen already knew that, she had thought that Matthew had not the courage to tell her any of the details of his life. Did you know that Matthew walked out on Peter's mother over twenty years ago, and up to just a couple of weeks ago he was going to marry her.
 Shock number two for Janice, once again Matthew had already told her most of the details. He was quite shocked at the way the conversation was going, having already worked out that Janice was coming in for the kill. She had chosen her timing perfectly as it was on her home ground. It had also come completely out of the blue because Matthew had no idea that she was going to turn on him in this way.
 Somehow he had always thought that she would tolerate most of his flirting, and that she would always be there for him if anything went wrong with his love life. He had been very wrong and it totally caught him off guard, not knowing what to do next or how to get out of the awkward situation that was developing around him, if he were not careful he was going to end up with nothing.
Janice then came in for the kill telling Maureen that they both sleep together on a regular basis and that she doubted very much that he would marry her. If there was to be a wedding then it was going to be between her and Matthew, so she had better get used to it. Maureen made a half hearted attempt at trying to grab the initiative but adding that she was still going to marry him and that they would be happy. However, it was becoming evident that she was having a hard job in hiding her disappointment in what had just been said.
Matthew just stood there in complete silence not know what to say or who’s side to take. It was a case that he had a foot in each camp and that he could not make up his mind who he really wanted to live with.
Janice grabbed Maureen’s hand and led her in to the lounge where she pointed to the little heap of rubble in the corner. Telling her that’s what he thinks of your presents can you guess what he thinks of you, he’s been laughing behind your back.
Matthew was primed and cocked like a loaded pistol, and this was the last straw, this was the straw that broke the camel's back. He spat fire at her, telling her that she should not throw stones and should look in her own back yard. Did she know that her own daughter Dawn was in to drugs and that she got up to no good when out with her friends.
Janice was quick to shout aloud that he should know after all he had also been sleeping with her as well.
Maureen did not want to hear any more and pulled herself free from Janice’s grasp and ran out of the house and in to the night, leaving them both arguing at the tops of the voices, so that most of the street could hear.
Matthew ran after her pleading with her not to believe what had just been said and that he would tell her everything, if only she would give him another chance. Could he come back to her place so that they could talk it over. It was all a waste of time for Matthew, as she just shrugged him off threatening to call the police if he did not leave her alone. By this time he was getting a little worried just in case one of the nosey neighbours might be watching from behind their curtains, so he just let her go. Watching as she disappeared in to the night, leaving him hurt and with a large lump in his throat.
Back in the house the arguments continued with Janice, but this time it was laced with venom, and most of the remarks from both of them were hurtful. By the time they had both run out of steam it was a foregone conclusion that their relationship was over and beyond repair. Between them they both agreed that in the morning Matthew should move out. At least she was not throwing him out in to the night with nowhere to go. She would give him time in the morning to find somewhere, but that he should have his bags packed and gone before midday.
That night was one of the most loneliness times he had ever spent on his own, so much so that he did not close his eyes once. His mind was racing from one subject to another on what had just happened, and what he was going to do in the short term, while he then had to map out his long-term plans.
Matthew was up very early in the morning having made the decision to try and move out before Janice got up. He had made up his mind that it would be in both their interests if he were to just fade away without a fanfare. If she were to confront him he knew he would not know what to say to her. He was also worried in case a scene was to develop over his leaving, and that he would not know how to handle it.  So after leaving a short note on the kitchen table thanking her for tolerating him as long as she had, and to say sorry for the problems he had brought upon her, especially with her daughter Dawn. He went on to ask her to say sorry to Dawn and only hoped that whatever had happened between the two of them that they would make it up and at least get back together in the very near future. He then packed his small amount of belongings into his car and drove off not even bothering to look behind him.
Matthew found himself on his Aunts doorstep after first having stopped for a coffee at the Galleon Café, giving her time to get up. Need a place to stay where his first words to her as she opened the door. What have you been up to now, she asked can’t be anything good if you are looking for a room at this time of the day. With that she led him into the lounge where Matthew told her a little of what had happened. He could see no point in telling her most of the spicy details that had brought him down. He also knew that she would not turn him down, as she was one of the few relations he had alive. Anyway blood is thicker than water and you always try and help each other whenever possible especially if one is in trouble. He told her that it would only be short term as he worked out what he was going to do in the very near future. He told her that he wished he could go back to the Army that was the life he enjoyed and had loved for over twenty years. However, that was just not possible because of his age, and anyway he’d been let out to make room for all the young ones that wanted to join up. There were more people like him who wanted an exciting life that would take them free of charge around the world.
Matthew made several attempts at trying to phone Maureen, but all he could get was her answer phone. There was a chance that she had not gone to work, as she was very upset, when they parted the night before. All he wanted to do was to get her to talk to him, so he could plead with her to forgive him, he wanted her to take him back, but it was all to no avail. So after leaving her five messages on the phone he did not bother to ring anymore, accepting that it was possible all over for good. Although he did tell his aunt that if a Janice was to ring she was to tell her that he was not staying with her. Which was a good thing he had, because as he was up stairs unpacking. His aunt called up the stairs informing him that she had in fact just rang. I told her you were not here, but she said that if I saw you I had to tell you that you forgot to take the mess that was still littering her lounge, and if not she was going to dump the lot. Matthew knew that she was having second thoughts about his leaving and he was guessing that she wanted him back. If he were to go round for what remained of the statues she would probably grab him and it would only end up as one big sex romp in her bedroom. He was thinking bedroom because she would never do it in front of the double headed Llama’s because they were now connected with Maureen and she had seen him run after her last night. He knew that Janice was aware that he wanted to end up with Maureen, and he did. It had taken him a long time to realise this and now he had left it too late. In all of the time that he had been going with her they had only had sex once, and that was the night he went to hers straight from work, and he had showered with her, must be something about showers with me he thought.
Matthew left the house and headed for the town to do a little window shopping and trying to make up his mind on what to do. Although he was worried just in case he walked on to someone he did not wish to see. So in an effort to avoid this he found himself in the Queens Head Hotel sinking a few beers with Brian. These few led to a few more and before he knew it they were both drunk. This was the last thing he wanted being just a little worried in case John and his shadow Cheetah were to turn up. If he were to get in to a fight just as he had made up his mind to leave town for good, it would look like the so-called bullies of the town had chased him out. Matthew was not going to let that happen to him, in fact if it did he would change his mind and go against his better judgement and stay.
During the evening and unbeknown to Matthew, Janice had rang Maureen and abused her over the phone. She accusing her of breaking up the relationship that she and Matthew had been enjoying, and at times not letting Maureen get a word in edgeways. Maureen was just dumbstruck by the whole conversation and was completely court off her guard. She had been the last to find out that Matthew had been playing the field as they say. She had thought that he was very serious about their relationship and had been very sincere in her belief that they would get married, the only mistake she had made was to push the issue without talking to Matthew first. The conversation just deteriorated in to a one sided slanging match that left Maureen in tears. Janice’s final outburst was to tell her to come and clean up the mess her statues had made in the lounge and that if she didn’t, then she would clean it all up and dump it on her door step. True to her word Maureen awoke the next morning to find a big heap of statue parts, dust and rubble right in the middle of her doorstep.
There was also another message on Maureen’s answer phone from Matthew, this time it was very emotional and Matthew was pleading with her to just see him one more time. He would be at the Galleon Café at midday would she please see him there, but that he would only be there for thirty minutes.
That same day Matthew also left a long message to Eileen once again saying he was sorry and that he was going to miss her and also Peter, who he had hoped to get close to the boy as all fathers should. He ended the message by saying that maybe one day they might meet once again and that maybe they would get off to a better start.
Matthew was at the Galleon Café at a quarter to midday, not wanting to miss Maureen if as he hoped she turned up. However, she was not there so he got himself a coffee and sat near the window in a vain attempt to see her if she was to walk past.
Unknown to Matthew, Maureen was across the town square in a shop doorway watching him and wondering what she should do. Just in front of her was his car and she could see his two suite cases on the back seat. So she was by now aware that his intentions were to leave town. This confused her even more, knowing that he had made up his mind to leave the town, if they were to meet it would just be for a few minutes, and confuse the issue even more. Deep within her heart she wanted him to stay, but all of his flirting had left her wondering if he could be trusted again, and what would the future bring. After all can a leopard really change it spots or does it just confuse its friends even more. Anyway she had never been a person who could say goodbye very easy, it was best left as it was. Although she was carrying a big secret that she had not told Matthew, she was now wondering if it was selfish of her not to tell him. She believed she was pregnant and carrying his child, after all she had not been to bed with anybody else. No matter what thoughts went through her head, she made up her mind that she would not go into the Café and would also not tell him of her secret.
True life can be very cruel to individuals, and endings to true life stories are not always like what have been written in books. This was the reality that Maureen was learning and learning the hard way, as Eileen had done so all those years earlier. Now here was Maureen having his child just as Eileen had, only in this case it had been the end result from their one and only sexual encounter that had taken place in the shower, the night they had gone looking for Peter.
Matthew hung around till nearly one o’clock when he asked the café owner if he could use his phone and make one more final call to her. After just a few rings he knew she was not going to pick up her phone. He paid the owner for the call and walked out of the café and to his car.
As he reversed out of the parking space in the town square, he almost pulled up alongside of Maureen. Looking over his left shoulder for any oncoming traffic, Maureen could see he had tears in his eyes. Just as she had, but Maureen had made up her mind and turned and walked away as Matthew pulled out into the traffic and slowly drove off.
Matthew was not aware that he was about to become a father, and that once again he was driving away from a girl he loved and would have married if given another chance, and also in leaving her behind he was also ensuring that she would keep the secret from him, just as had happened more than twenty years ago.
THE END
A Different Ending
As Matthew drove out of town on the old Ipswich road towards Combs Ford the tear in his eyes had developed into a constant stream and was affecting his vision. Grabbing a tissue from the dashboard he wiped his face, having made up his mind to return to the Town Square, just in case Maureen had turned up late for their meeting. He jerked the steering wheel around doing a hundred and eighty degree turn in the middle of the road. He then set off back to the town square and parked his car in the same spot. After a quick look in the café that he found deserted he got back into his car and took a slow ride in the direction of Creeting Road, all the time keeping his eyes peeled just in case she was walking.
Just as he was approaching the railway crossing he saw a young lady walking on his side of the road heading in the same direction as him. It just had to be Maureen, even from the back he knew it was her. He bumped the car up on the kerb and got out, and started to run towards her. As he was about three feet away, and she having heard someone running up behind her, turned round and they were standing face to face. Neither moved another inch, and then just like it had been choreographed by an expert. They both took a step forward and wrapped their arms around each other for a big hug. Maureen I love you, said Matthew and with that they both kissed for what seemed like five minutes. Suddenly alarm bells could be heard as a barrier covered with flashing lights was lowered down beside of them. To them it was like they had hit the jackpot in the love stakes. But they were soon brought back to reality as they were standing on the railway level crossing and on the wrong side of the barrier. One of the railway porter’s further up the line and on the station was shouting at them. Calling them stupid bastards and that they were going to kill themselves if they did not watch it. Loves not that good to be killed for he shouted. Oh but it is, said Matthew as they both ducked under the barrier to the safe side of the track just as a train approached.
They talked for a time every now and then dropping back in to a kissing session. Until finally she agreed to go with him as long as they could call in to her house so she could grab a few belongings. By late afternoon they headed off in his car in the direction of Ipswich, any further than that and they had no plans.
Although it was learnt via Aunt Betty that they ended up living in Marlbough in Wiltshire where they brought up a small family and lived happy ever after.
The End.

JOHN went on to curse the day that Matthew returned to Stowmarket, ruining the relationship that he had with Eileen and of the chance he had to marry her. He was never to see her in private again and ended up living a very boring life with his two sisters. Being hen pecked at every opportunity his sisters could find to get at him. They had thought him to be a bit of a sissy, and that he should have stood up to Matthew more that he did. So to this day his whole life revolves around cleaning up behind them.
CHEETAH Within just a few weeks of Matthew’s departure from the town, Cheetah had also moved away from Stowmarket, after a major argument and falling out with John over his failure to get Matthew out of Eileen’s life, and thus leave the field clear for himself. He was supposed to have moved to Norwich in Norfolk where he joined a money lending gang becoming their debt collector. The story goes that on one such debt collecting job he was beaten up and was left in a coma, dying in hospital a couple of days later.
DAWN Having moved in with the new boyfriend, the relationship did not last long and within just a couple of weeks she was home once again with her mother. However, the taste of independence had been sweet for her, and when, within a short period of time a new boyfriend came along, once again they moved in with each other. However, this relationship led to her becoming addicted to drugs and later alcohol. Over the next few years she was constantly being admitted into hospitals to try and dry her out. Sadly with in just a few days after each release, she was back on the drugs once again. Her mother tried desperately to help her, but it was all in vain. After going through two miscarriages and a couple more relationships that all failed, she took an over dose of her mother's sleeping tablets. This was a stupid move that almost killed her, leaving her with a mental problem. This time upon her release from hospital, she moved in with her mother, where she was looked after for the next ten years before she finally died from acute kidney failure due to the drug abuse she had given her body over the years.
AUNT BETTY Lived to a ripe old age, enjoying and living the life style she had been accustomed to, even though it was on her own. Matthew kept in touch with her on a regular basis by phone and letter, but he never returned to Stowmarket so they were never to meet again. She was thrilled to learn that he had finally married and settled down. The only thing she missed was to see his children, but like so many other family’s she had to be content with looking at photos. She also kept his secret to herself.
BRIAN Continued to prop up the bar of the Queens Head Hotel and to constantly relive his war stories to any new patron who came in for a drink. This was a good thing because the landlord more than once had remarked that if he changed his watering hole then his profits would take a nosedive. He never took a job and solely relied on his service pension and on the drinks that he had bought him by the interested patrons, or was it that they just wanted to get him drunk so that he went to sleep.
SALLY Married Peter within a year of Matthew’s departure from the town, and over the years gave birth to two children a boy whom they named Matt and a girl they named Eileen after Peter's mother. Sally became a good mother to her family and also gained a very good sense of humour that Peter likened to his father Matthew, something that gave him a thrill to hear.
PETER Married Sally and they bought a house in the country near Great Finborough where they set up home and had two children. It was only with the loss of his father from his life that he realised just how much he missed him, and would have done anything to have him return to be with him whenever possible. He had also noticed that his mother missed Matthew as well, and at times he believed that his mother had regretted the decision she had made, in letting Matthew go. Peter continued working at the Lawn Mower factory and after a year was promoted Supervisor taking the position that Hossreite had was vacated after his arrest for stealing from the factory. Peter also took a keen interest in local council workings and in due course was elected to the town council, where he served the people of Stowmarket well, being remembered as one of the best in the last few years.
HERR HOSSRIETE Was charged with the theft of several hundred Lawn Mowers, and found guilty, and for his part in the racket he received four years imprisonment in Norwich Prison. Being a German and having that familiar deep German accent he received a lot of unfriendly attention from the fellow inmates that led to several beating. He served out the majority of the sentence in solitary confinement for his safety. Upon his release he returned to live with his relations in Hamburg where he remains today.
EILEEN Never married, she just accepted what had happened and got on with living her own life. However, she did not let John back in to her life, and at times thought it a blessing in disguise that John’s true colours had come out before she had taken the plunge and got married to him. She was lonely at first but once Peter and Sally started to have children, life for her changed and for the better. She had the children in her care whenever it was possible, and like all grandparents spoilt them as if they were her own. In Matt she saw a very close likeness to Matthew and although she was the only one to say so, in Eileen she saw herself. She still remains in the same house today near the entrance to Walnut Tree Walk.
JANICE Never got over Matthew’s decision to move out from her house, she had loved him, but until that day she had not realised just how much. This loss had altered her life forever, realising too late that it was possibly her last chance of finding a partner. She would willingly have married him the very same day the question was popped to her. Although sadly no other men came into her life, and then her daughter became addicted to drugs and alcohol. She then spent a large amount of her time nursing Dawn trying to get her back to good health. However, she was up against a losing battle as a lot of parents have found out over the years. Once Dawn had moved back in with her for good, Janice just accepted what had happen and got on with the job of looking after her daughter, and to make their lives as happy as she could. The death of Dawn almost killed Janice taking away from her the only remaining love in her life. She still lives in Temple Road and has no plans of moving for the moment, she just waits for the day that Matthew might return. If she were to move she is afraid that Matthew will not know where to find her if ever he choose to return. She never found out whatever happened to Matthew or Maureen for that matter, but if he were ever to return and pop the question to her, she would fling her arms around him and say yes right away.
MAUREEN & MATTHEW They were married within a couple of months and later moved to the West Country, setting up a home in Marlbough, Wiltshire. Maureen’s observations were right, she was expecting a baby and they had a little girl who they named Peta after Peter, Matthews’s son. Matthew took a job with a local firm building buses. They were both very happy and Maureen forgave him for all of his past misdemeanours. For his part Matthew repaid her by never accepting any female offer that was thrown his way, and there were a few. No this time he was not going to let any silly mistake take away from them the true love that they had found.
But that’s another story, and one day I will tell you all about it.

The End---for now
Further Publications
From This Author
'Almost Total Recall' an Autobiography of the author Terry Aspinall. This book is part one that covers his early years from May 1943 until he leaves New Zealand to head for Australia in March 1988. Volume 2 is under way but will be couple of years down the track.
'The Autumn Reunion' a fictitious story of a school reunion that tempted James through the painful journey of having to chose one girlfriend above another.
'The Fabulous Spawlszoff Brothers' a fictitious story, that is based on actual funny events that the author has experienced during his 50 years in the music industry.
'Johnny Morris and the Convertibles' is a fictitious story that is based on actual events that the author has experienced during his 50 years in the music industry.
'The British Hang Gliding History' is an updated history of how the hang glider was invented in Australia during 1963, and of how it arrived in the UK to be manufactured and flown for the first time during 1972. This book is a shortened version of  the successful website it is based on at  www.british-hang-gliding-history.com there are working hyperlinks to the websites BHGA early Hang Gliding magazine 'Wings' and also the BMAA early Microlighting magazine 'Front Line'.
'The Adventures of Henri and Charlie' is a very young children's short story about the authors pet Peach Face Parrot and Canary that escape from their cages and are taken on a wild ride, with no hope of returning to the security of their own cages back home. In this story the birds talk to each other.
'Matthew Returns' Matthew has been discharged from the British Army after serving 22 years. He returns to Suffolk and the small country side town of Stowmarket, in which he grew up. At first he finds it hard to settle back into the life he once knew. Finding it hard to obtain employment with skills he had picked up while in the Army. However, a shock awaits him when it comes to finding himself a girl friend.
