



         

            MEANT TO BE
                                    Meant To Be
                              MARICRUZ ROSALES












MEANT TO BE
First edition
Copyright © 2016 by Maricruz Rosales
All rights reserved.
Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or here after invented, including xerography, photocopying and recording, or in any information storage or retrieval system is forbidden without the written permission of the publisher.
All characters in this book have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. All incidents are pure invention.







                                    ONE


         Sometimes you give willingly and never ask for anything in return; other times you feel the need to be rewarded with a just a fibre of appreciation.
Sometimes you give all your trust and often to the wrong people.
But being betrayed by such people you give to willingly and trust with your life is the one thing that leaves you broken, incapable of giving yourself the benefit of the doubt.
    You feel like your heart’s being wrenched out of your chest and your head suddenly feels too big for your neck, like your legs couldn’t stand the intensity of the betrayal–especially from family.
    Such is the way Calla Mason felt as she went to stand beside her sister as the maid of honour; a wedding her mom claimed would be the wedding of the century and she, Calla had put in so much effort and love in designing the wedding cake. 
But staring straight into those blue eyes, the same ones she’d stared into fifteen hours ago when he’d held her hand and thought he was going to propose to her– but alas he had proposed to someone else, that someone who’s no other than Lily her older sister–was something she would never have imagined.
   Calla was stunned beyond words and is vaguely aware of the quiet whimpers that escaped her slightly parted lips. Then she heard him say her name. Calla trembled with rage.
How dare the bastard?
     ‘’You didn’t tell her did you? You were supposed to break up with her last night.’’ She heard Lily berate him not even bothering to be subtle about it.
How could she? She had been a part of this all along?
    Calla stared helplessly at the woman who was her best friend and sister praying silently that it was all just a dream that Lily isn’t tying the knot with a man who was her boyfriend up until last night.
But everything is starting to make sense now; Lily never really talked about her mystery man and Calla had never met him before but thought Lily was being so secretive and protective of him because he might be ugly or something. But the reason was far from that and Calla cursed herself for being so clueless and allowing them to make a fool of her.
    Tears welled up and threatened to overflow. 
She took a step back, losing her hold on the bouquet she was holding. Everything swirled before her, cold sweat beaded her forehead. Calla’s pretty sure everyone’s eyes were on her wondering what had gone wrong with her.
Not wanting to make further spectacle of herself and make James see how much of an effect he had on her, she turned on her heels just as a tear escaped from her already flooding eyes Calla dashed towards the entrance of the massive cathedral. 
    She collapsed on the balustrade in heavy sobs heaving and shaking relentlessly.
    ‘’How could you do this to me? How could you?’’ she choked.
    After a minute or two still barely able to control herself Calla bounced down the stone steps colliding head first with a hard body whose owner’s strong arms encircled her, steadying her on her feet.
His arms were warm and comforting and she instinctively leaned into him.
   ‘’Miss, are you okay?’’ Calla barely registered what he was saying and wished he would hold her like this and never let go.
    Unable to look up at the stranger, she muttered an apology and broke away, running as if someone was hot on her heels. Tired and emotionally drained, she collapsed on the sandy banks of the lake pouring her heart out.

    Calla didn’t know for how long she’d been sitting there staring absent-mindedly at the lake, its waters flowing serenely restoring some calmness in her but never making her feel better.
     It was dark by the time she made her way back home.
Lily and her new husband would be gone by now she thought. They must be laughing at her cluelessness and stupidity. How could she have not suspected anything until it was too late?
She wasn’t even that much angry at James but Lily she couldn’t measure the amount of pain her betrayal had caused her.
   Slipping quietly into the house she locked the door behind her hoping no one was home. She trudged up the stairs until she got to her room. The door opened with a creak. Sighing, she leaned against the door feeling tired and sleepy.
   She felt for the switch in the dark. She jumped back in fright as light flooded the room and the first thing she spotted was the figure sitting confidently on the couch against the wall of her bedroom. The last person she expected to see.
    ‘’I was beginning to wonder when you’ll be back or if you’ll come back at all.’’ Lily said. She was still in her wedding dress, the dress that reminded Calla of the ill-fated incident that afternoon.
She inhaled a deep shaky breath. ‘’If you’re here to ask for forgiveness I cannot guarantee you’ll get it, you’ll have to give me some time.’’ Calla’s voice was incredibly calm and steady which didn’t surprise her at all it was the result of many years of learning to mask her emotions, her mom said it would make her a true lady–a confident one.
Besides, it would do more harm than good throwing insults and raising one’s voice.
    She was taken aback when Lily let out a dry humourless laugh. Calla stared at her like she’d gone crazy.
   ‘’I cannot believe you’d even think that I was going to ask for your forgiveness.’’ She started, rage visible in her voice and her poise. ‘’You disrupted my wedding you should be the one begging for my forgiveness Callie.’’
Calla’s jaw dropped to the floor. She’s really gone insane.
   ‘’Are you kidding? You stole my boyfriend.’’ Even though she’d begun to boil with rage she was able to appear cool and collected.
   ‘’I did not steal James I rescued him in fact he came running to me and I showed him what a true woman was.’’
   ‘’What do you mean?’’ 
Lily tsked. ‘’You’re a pathetic little girl Callie.’’ She told her shaking her head in derision. ‘’Men are not very good fans of the waiting game you know and they certainly don’t fancy prudes. Have you ever wondered why your relationships never last, it’s because you’re stupid and clueless. Not every relationship ends up in marriage and no one would even appreciate a wedding night with a clueless virgin.’’ 
    Calla swallowed hard blinking back the tears welling up in her eyes, Lily’s words cut deep into her very soul. She wasn’t a prude she just… wanted to wait for the right man and the right time. She wanted her first time to be special because she wanted it imprinted on her mind for eternity. But Lily wouldn’t understand she probably doesn’t remember who the guy was and where she had lost her V-card.
    ‘’Why are you saying this to me?’’
    ‘’Because you need to hear it!’’
    ‘’So you’re telling me that he likes you because you give good fuck is that it?’’ she snapped credulously.
    Lily smirked. ‘’I’ll call it mind blowing… but you don’t even know it on the good level. This isn’t the eighteenth century you know no one is stopping you from being intimate with your boyfriend.’’
    ‘’I can’t believe what a slut you are.’’
    ‘’Oh please I’m not pretending.’’ She dismissed with a roll of her eyes.
    ‘’I trusted you…’’ Calla didn’t even know she was crying until she let out a whimper. ‘’You were my sister and my best friend.’’
    ‘’Don’t be ridiculous.’’ Lily said in a bored tone rolling her eyes. ‘’You’re not my sister, you never were and every time I had to pretend that I was your best friend I want to gag.’’ She emphasized with a throw of her hand.
Calla blanked, unable to believe what she just heard.
   ‘’Who are you?’’ she whispered in credulity.
   ‘’I’m tired of pretending Callie, I hate you I’ve hated you the moment dad brought you into our lives you took everything from me. You destroyed my life including my parents’ trust. 
I’m tired of competing with you just so mom would be proud of me too, I’m tired of hearing how intelligent you are and what a good daughter you are.’’ Calla couldn’t believe Lily just said that.
    Where was the Lily who used to braid her hair before they go to bed, the Lily who got into cat-fights because of her, the Lily whom she shared ice-cream with? Surely there was some sort of bond between them.
    ‘’You couldn’t have just been pretending all these years Lily, I know you loved me.’’
    ‘’Only because mom made me promise to never let you find out that you were adopted.’’
   ‘’I don’t believe you. You’re only saying that to get to me.’’ Calla didn’t know how to react to this revelation she just stood there while her eyes kept flowing like a canal.
Lily was jealous of her of what she thought she had? If someone had told her what she’d just discovered Calla would’ve told them they were crazy but here was Lily telling her in so many words how jealous she’d been all these years but even that is no justification for what she did.
   ‘’So you blame me for every misfortune that’s happened in your life is that it? How is it my fault that I find myself with a nice family who adore me and gave me all the love in the world? How is it my fault that I turned out intelligent you could’ve been better than me if you’d put in a little effort. Do not go blaming me for the endless parties you go to when you were supposed to be studying mom and dad never found out because you made me promise not to tell. I wasn’t the one who made you strip tease  for the entire football team back in ninth grade if there’s anyone to blame for all your misfortunes it’s you Lily.’’
   ‘’Shut up! Shut up!’’ she lunged at Calla who took a step back. Her chest rose and fell in sheer anger. ‘’You have no right to be saying these things to me…and yes I did love you Callie.’’ She wiped the tears away from her face.
   ‘’Then why?’’ Calla demanded quietly almost feeling sorry for her but she couldn’t forget her betrayal.
   ‘’I don’t know.’’








                                    

                                




                      

                                    TWO
                                        

    Nine months ago Calla had silently willed herself to take that giant leap with the first man that came her way. 
     It was at a house warming party for one of her mom’s friends and she had made sure to go the extra mile on her outfit and it had produced the desired result. He had stared at her like she was the only woman in the room and that warmed her heart he didn’t approach her right away but when he did, they danced to a slow number before he finally asked her out. 
His name is Jack.
     Calla could immediately tell that Lily was trying to get her claws into him but she snagged him real quick. They went out for a month before Calla decided to gift him with her most precious virtue. 
      It wasn’t a mind-blowing first night or second for that matter but it had earned her a large sparkly rock and she so much wanted to prove to Lily and to everyone else– but mostly to herself that she’s capable of keeping her man and there was no room for regrets. And because there was that tiny part of her that wanted to feel like a real woman and the consequences don’t matter at all. 
This time she’s sure he’s the right one.

    Calla and Lily haven’t been on good terms since that foiled wedding day, and the already battered relationship had taken a turn for worse since Calla’s engagement. Calla had never felt better, this time she’s sure she’s found someone who mattered she didn’t dwell on the past or her heartbreak for too long. She’d learned to let go and not let the incident drive her into becoming a bitter old maid, she didn’t let it deprive her of a chance at love again. It had been clear that James’ affection had shifted because he thought she wasn’t hot enough and perhaps if she had taken their relationship to the next level then he would never have turned his sights to Lily who was all too pleased to scratch his itch although why they didn’t proceed with the wedding Calla could never tell but if James hadn’t done what he did then she would’ve not met a wonderful man like Jack. 
    Jack was everything she could ever wish for; he’s intelligent, sweet and caring and most of all he adores her. Calla had been too eager to please him that she did everything he wanted, she even had her entire wardrobe changed and quit her job which he didn’t think she needed at all considering how filthy rich his family was but Calla wasn’t just working for the money–yes it incurred a sizeable income–she loved it because it made her feel good about herself and she revels in her creation after it’s done. It didn’t matter how many hours she spent hunched over the stove, the aftermath of the creation made it all worthwhile. She was an artist and she felt proud of herself. And it was pure bliss to watch her art appreciated. She was a freelance dessert chef who caters for a very exclusive clientele which mostly include some of the wealthiest in the country and went wherever her clients want her to go, she sometimes went outside the country and was all too pleased with the adventure until she was contacted three days ago by Stefan Diamond CEO of the Diamond chain of restaurants to improve the restaurants’ menu. It was breath of fresh air and that gave her a bit of hope but Jack wouldn’t have any of it and they had a heated argument about it. 
     ‘’I can’t have a wife of mine spending hours out of the house with the excuse of doing her job.’’
      ‘’But I love this job, at least it doesn’t require me going anywhere the clients want and it’s only going to last a few hours.’’ She countered hotly.
Jack sighed, his eyes softening. ‘’Try to understand honey. I want to come home and find you waiting for me not the other way around. I have so much money to take care of you for a lifetime without you having to flaunt yourself in front of other men.’’ He cupped her face gently, ‘’Cal I love you. You love me too don’t you? ‘’
     ‘’Yes…but–‘’
     ‘’Then do this for me. You know how jealous I can get over you hmm?’’ she knew that alright, it was the reason he didn’t approve of her former outfits because he thought they were too revealing.
He kissed her.
     Calla felt defeated then and had no choice but to call Mr. Diamond and turn down the offer after which she was left with a bitter taste in her mouth. Calla didn’t think she’d make a good job of playing the part of being Jack’s little docile wife she was too much of a free spirit to be able to pull it off but then she thought of him saying how much he wanted her all to himself, how extremely possessive he was of her and she thought surely she could do this much for him after all she’ll be spending the rest of her life with him.  
   In the short span of nine months, Calla’s life had spiraled into a hazy routine of tea parties and brunches. Margaret Robertson Jack’s mother had taken it upon herself to introduce her to society as she had kindly put it. She in-advertently became a member of society women who called themselves the Mystique women.
    Calla was their youngest member so far and Jack seemed more than pleased with the idea, he seemed to think that she would be able to learn one or two things about being a lady–as if she wasn’t one already–Calla had bit back a protest just to avoid another meaningless argument, deciding that they were just a bunch of middle aged women it wasn’t such a big deal at all. They are the knit-sweater-long-skirt wearing women although Calla would’ve preferred the tweed-jacket-pencil-skirt wearers.
The Mystique women were known for their local charity events and fundraisers; they’re well respected and had prominent sponsors. Although their events are not strictly on V.I.P invitations they’re still held in high esteem.
    Their tea parties are strictly on invitation and are mostly private with rules that centred mostly on etiquette. 
You are not to make clanging noises while stirring your tea.
 The cream goes in before the sugar and you mustn’t hunch your shoulders while sipping.
At one time Calla could swear that her spine had frozen from sitting so rigid with only her hands in motion, the glares and scrunched up noses she got when she mistakenly slurped instead of sipping was enough to make her wish the ground would open up and swallow her. These women were so obsessed with their eighteenth century traditions that Calla found it sickening but she didn’t want to disappoint soon-to-be mother-in-law dearest.
    She walked over to her night stand to retrieve her ringing cell phone.
   ‘’Hey mom,’’ She said with a smile.
   ‘’Honey, how are you? I’ve missed you.’’ Calla could detect a hint of weariness in the older woman’s voice.
   ‘’I’m fine mom. I miss you too.’’
   ‘’Then why haven’t you visit yet?’’
     There was silence on both ends until her mother continued. ‘’Adopted or not you’re still my baby girl…and I love you.’’ The sincerity in her voice caused tears to well up in Calla’s eyes.
    ‘’I know.’’ Her voice cracked.
       They rarely spoke to each other after that night she confronted her nine months ago. There was no doubt that she was loved but that love was what had caused a rift between her and Lily and she’d been trying her utmost to avoid the woman in other to mend their broken relationship.
Lily never saw her effort and it was unfair to the old woman. The past has been dead and buried and even though she’s forgiven Lily for what she’d done and tried to make peace, her sister never hesitate to shove her peace in her face.
    Calla heard her mother sigh. ‘’You should talk to Lily honey. I know that what she did was un-called for but she’s still your sister.’’
   ‘’Mom I’ve tried and I’m done trying, Lily is not a child anymore and should know that every wrong doing has its own consequences.’’
    ‘’Don’t give up on her…Calla please, I love you two so much and it hurts me to see you fighting.’’
      Calla closed her eyes and took a deep shaky breath the woman sounded hurt there’s no doubt about it. 
   ‘’Maybe you should talk to her mom, she might listen to you after all you’re her true family.’’  She suggested hopeful that it just might work. But the woman’s next statement dashed away that tiny hope.
    ‘’She’s refused to see or talk to me and I have no idea where she might be right now, she thinks…she thinks I don’t love her as much as I love you.’’ She sniffled and Calla felt something clogged at her heart, only a blind Lily wouldn’t see how much her mother loves her or maybe she’s just not paying much attention because her jealousy has clouded her sense of judgment.
    ‘’Mom I think you should give it a rest.’’
   ‘’Promise me you’ll try to make amends with Lily first.’’
The woman sure likes to drive a hard bargain.
Calla sighed, defeated. ‘’I’ll try mom. But no promises.’’
   ‘’Alright sweetheart. I love you.’’
   ‘’I love you too.’’ When it finally went dead on the other end Calla took a deep soothing breath, and exhaling slowly to calm her raging nerves.
     They’re the only family she’s come to know no matter their short comings and she counted herself lucky enough to be loved unconditionally. Thanks to them she’s grown into an intelligent and independent woman which was about to be short changed by her marriage to Jack, he’d stopped her from working because his jealousy is way over the top.
    After a minute of putting the phone back on the night stand it rang again only this time it was Margaret Robertson.
   ‘’Hello Margaret?’’
    ‘’I’m outside your apartment. Don’t be late.’’ 
Before Calla had even made the effort to respond the line went dead–this wouldn’t be the first time Calla has had to deal with Margaret’s over-bearing self.
      She glanced one last time at her reflection; her hair was pulled back in a tight-knit chignon, she wore a loosed white blouse over a light-blue skirt that was a tad bit large and her makeup was light.
Satisfied with how she looked, Calla smoothen her gait before snatching her purse and her keys and made her way out of her apartment. 
    Calla spotted the black town car sitting menacingly at the front of the building and inside sat the root of her restlessness. People say you’d get used to having a monster-in-law but Calla couldn’t quite fathom the logic, she didn’t know how else to deal with Margaret but to indulge her every whim.
    Today, she’ll just try to look calm and collected as always and not make a spectacle of herself in front of Margaret her gang of cronies.
She took slow, calculated steps towards the car in what she imagined was her aura of confidence. She pulled open the passenger door and hopped in.
     ‘’Took you long enough.’’ Margaret said calmly but that tone of voice Calla couldn’t mistake for anything else but reprimand.
    ‘’I had to look my best.’’ She replied her voice dripping with sarcasm as she knew that her outfit was anything but.
   ‘’That dress looks good on you by the way. If Jack were here he’d think the same way I do.’’
Yeah ‘cuz I look like I came right out of a historical novel I sure look cool. That jibe was meant only for her mind even though she itched to say it out loud.
Calla resisted the urge to roll her eyes as Margaret seemed to think it’s un-ladylike.
   Jack is old fashioned like that and even if it isn’t to her taste she was willing to endure it for his sake.
    They both sat back in silence as the engine roared to life. Calla sneaked a sideways glance at Margaret; the woman was ethereally beautiful and smart and came from a wealthy family herself. She’s a well-respected society woman and everything about her spelled elegance; her posture was the inclined-chin-squared-shoulders that implied ‘do not mess with me’ Calla wished she had that same confidence or that flawless skin that seemed to be sparkling.
   For a woman in her late sixties, she sure looked young and impeccable. Fifteen minutes later they’re both walking into the Atwood mansion which was transformed into a ballroom for the matron’s seventieth birthday.
Charlene Atwood was a lot like Margaret in her elegance and confidence but what Margaret couldn’t compete with her for is her cheerful soul. Charlene was one of the pioneers of the Mystique women.
   All Calla could think of at the sight before her was wow, the ballroom looked as if it’s been taken out of a fantasy book and dropped there.
Drapes of elegant colours hung on the walls and beautiful chandeliers were pitched up ahead. The huge double spiral stairs that led the way up was covered with a gold carpet, guests were everywhere talking and laughing with champagne flutes hanging from their fingers.
    The women wore elegant dresses that made Calla cringe at her own horrible one. She huffed madly snatching a flute from a server which she downed in a full gulp. She saw Margaret talking or more like flirting with a man in a black tux as she made her way to greet Charlene. 
The older woman’s blue eyes lit up with mirth when her eyes landed on Calla, her platinum blonde hair marred by a streak of grey hair was pulled up in a neat bun. She kissed her on both cheeks and the way the corner of her eyes crinkled as she threw back her head in laughter reminded Calla of her adoptive mother.
    ‘’Happy birthday Charlene.’’
   ‘’Thank you my dear. By the way, I hope that handsome lad of yours isn’t letting you get too lonely? ’’ She asked.
    ‘’not at all we see each other every other weekend.’’ Calla supplied with a mirthful grin.
    ‘’You must be very happy.’’
    ‘’Yes I am.’’

       A moment later Calla was standing by the buffet table and inspecting a large tray of cupcakes. Picking one, she nibbled on it savouring its heavenly taste and was about to take another healthy bite when a familiar high-pitched nuisance spoke behind her.
   ‘’Callie, it’s always a pleasure meeting you.’’ Calla didn’t miss the sarcasm dripping in her tone. She turned around to meet Anastasia Atwood’s big blues eyes with a mocking smile.
   ‘’Too bad I can’t quite say the same about you.’’
Ana’s pleasant demeanour went down the hill as fast as a speeding truck, she wasn’t too pleased to hear that Calla got the ring and she didn’t.
    ‘’Just because Jack gave you a huge rock doesn’t mean that you’ve won ‘cuz you just might be surprised how this situation might change within the short span of time.’’
   Calla’s eyes narrowed as she studied Ana who looked so cocky and sure of her statement like she knew something Calla didn’t.
    ‘’What are you insinuating Anastasia?’’
    ‘’Me?’’ she placed her hand dramatically over her chest and gave a nonchalant shrug. ‘’Nothing.’’
    ‘’You know what, I think that you’re just jealous because I got the rock and you didn’t.’’
    ‘’Oh please.’’ She dismissed with a roll of her eyes in an unusual high-pitch. ‘’I dumped Jack not the other way around.’’ She supplied emphasizing the last part with a wave of her hand.
   ‘’Oh is that so?’’ Calla folded her arms regarding her in amusement. ‘’Then what were you doing at his apartment the other day huh?’’ 
Ana froze and appeared tongue-tied for a nano second before clearing her throat and inclining her chin. ‘’I see he told you.’’
    ‘’Jack doesn’t keep secrets from me and besides, I knew before he told me.’’ Ana chewed her bottom lip nervously. If there was one person Calla loved to put on the spot it’s Anastasia Atwood.
     ‘’How did you find out?’’
     ‘’It’s simple, I was there and let’s just say that I wasn’t too pleased with you trying to shove your tongue down his throat and acting like some crazed nympho.’’
Calla watched closely as the confident glint in Ana’s eyes turned red with anger. She pressed her lips in a thin line before she finally stated. ‘’You think you’re better than me? Or that you’re different?’’ she scoffed, ‘’you think Jack loves you but he doesn’t and once he’s done using you you’ll be discarded like a dirty piece of rag.’’ Calla didn’t miss that confidence once more and she’s not willing to let Ana get to her with her cheap words.
    ‘’Look here,’’ she started with a cockiness of her own, squaring her shoulders and raising her chin defiantly. ‘’I don’t know what you’re trying to achieve by telling me all these but I’m telling you, it’s not going to work.’’
     Ana smirked clearly pleased with whatever was on her mind. ‘’You’re here and he’s miles away what does that tell you?’’ it’s true that they both didn’t get to see each other often and that’s because Jack’s in law school in Chicago. His brother Mark heads the family business and after completing business school Jack decided that he needed a career change but that didn’t mean that he would do anything reckless. 
Calla felt her heart begin to hammer across her chest. ‘’You trust him too much Callie and when he finally drops the bomb, you would be the one shattering into a million pieces.’’ Ana took calculating steps closer until she was eye to eye with Calla.
    ‘’Just open your eyes Callie or it might just be too late when you finally do.’’ She whispered and turned on her heels walking towards the opposite direction.
Calla exhaled deeply, a breath she didn’t know she’d been holding.






                                       


                                   THREE  

    ‘’Wow! This is gorgeous!’’ Andie, Calla’s friend squealed at the sight of the spectacular comfrey gardens before her as Calla pushed open the glass doors leading to the patio of the Robertson mansion.
     Calla grinned with a contented sigh as she watched her other friend Emily’s mouth hang loose. She had had the same stupid expression the first time she was here. The view was amazing and had a relaxing aura to it–of course it’s different whenever Margaret happened to be there.
    ‘’Why are we here again?’’ Andie stopped midway, whipping round to face Calla.
     ‘’Margaret’s away for the weekend and she’s asked if I could stay over, but she’ll be back tonight though.’’
    ‘’She couldn’t afford a night watchman or what?’’ Emily scoffed.
    ‘’You should’ve invited us sooner we would’ve had a great time before the dark queen returns.’’ Andie put in with a pout.
    ‘’Ha, very funny.’’
    ‘’Such a waste of gorgeous paradise.’’ Emily whined as she sat on one of the outdoor lounges, Calla sat beside her and Andie took the one across from them while they have a glass of apple cider one of Calla’s favourite.
    ‘’I still can’t believe you’re marrying that guy though; seriously, he’s not even attractive.’’ Andie offered putting her half-drunk glass on the glass table.
    ‘’He’s a great guy and he cares for me.’’ Calla argued. It was the truth. Jack adores her that should mean something right?
   ‘’Oh yeah? He made you sign a pre-nup which would only means that he doesn’t trust you.’’ Emily countered. Calla knew that Andie and Emily aren’t exactly fans of a medieval man like Jack Robertson or maybe it’s because they haven’t gotten to know the real Jack Robertson yet.
    ‘’I told you about it remember? Besides, it’s not a big deal. I wouldn’t fault him for trying to protect his family’s business.’’ Andie rolled her eyes while Emily shook her head and took a long sip.
    ‘’Are you kidding?’’
     ‘’That’s beside the point.’’ Emily huffed, ‘’He freaking ordered you to stop working and what’s with the nun outfits? Seriously Callie when was the last time you made yourself feel and look beautiful?’’
    ‘’Jack makes me feel beautiful.’’ Calla shrugged.
     ‘’My God Callie I don’t even know you anymore; where is the strong and independent woman we all know so well who doesn’t take shit? Open your eyes Callie this guy’s changing you, he’s slowly transforming you into this perfect docile bride the kind who would fit into his life with no questions asked.’’ Calla stared deep into Emily’s concerned eyes with uncertainty.     
    ‘’Yeah, like a puppet on a string.’’ Andie added.
    ‘’I don’t think there’s any man better for me than Jack.’’
     ‘’Well that’s because you haven’t scouted around much.’’ Andie put in matter-of-factly.
     ‘’I have but none of them ever seem to take me seriously and I’ve always wanted more than a fleeting relationship. Jack accepted me flaws and all and he wants the same thing I want, a family.’’
     ‘’You give him way too much credit Cal.’’ Emily reasoned.
     ‘’Jack is a great guy, you should get to know him.’’
     ‘’No thanks.’’ Both friends chorused.
Calla couldn’t quite understand why they hated Jack so much. Sure he can be over-bearing and controlling at times but she couldn’t quite see anything else worth hating.
     ‘’Come on guys give it up already.’’ Calla whined in a bored tone collapsing in a heap on her queen-sized bed.
     It was a few moments later and they were in Calla’s apartment after shoving her out of the Robertson mansion and into a taxi. Calla was mortified to find out they were going to dress her up to hit the club.
    ‘’Don’t be such a sour-puss Callie.’’ Andie chided while shuffling through her not-so-elegant wardrobe. ‘’When was the last time you had fun huh?’’
    ‘’Live a little girlfriend.’’ Emily piped-up.’’
    ‘’I don’t want to.’’
    ‘’You don’t want to or you’re scared that Jack might give you an earful.’’ Emily offered.
     ‘’That too.’’ She replied sheepishly.
    ‘’I cannot believe you’re letting him take the reins over your life and you’re not even married yet.’’  Andie said. ‘’If you don’t want to go then we’ll make you.’’ She added matter-of-factly to which Calla sighed rolling her eyes.
    ‘’Wow I can’t believe he still made the list of the city’s most wanted bachelors yet again.’’ Emily said all of a sudden grabbing both Andie’s and Calla’s attention.
    ‘’Who are we talking about?’’ Calla arched questioning brows as Andie snatched the magazine from Emily peering into it with great enthusiasm having an idea who the HE was.
She smiled, caressing his handsome face with her fingers.
    ‘’Stellan Holt.’’ She sang quietly but audibly enough for the other two to hear. ‘’He’s gotten even more handsome than when I last saw him.’’ A cheeky grin broke across her face.
     ‘’Oh no, don’t tell me you’re still obsessed with that guy Andie for crying out loud it’s been so many years already.’’ Although Emily meant it as a reprimand, it was far from reaching home.
    ‘’I’m not giving up on Stellan not after all the trouble I went to get myself to look this beautiful with a perfect body.’’
    Calla swallowed hard at that statement, feeling her stomach roiling with what could only be described as guilt–the guilt she thought she’d redeemed herself of is now hitting the concrete wall in her chest.
Calla took slow soothing breaths to calm her raging nerves or she might risk hyperventilating. She wasn’t one to keep secrets from her friends and she didn’t know why she did either, but one thing is for sure, If Stellan Holt should appear in their lives again it would surely be a disaster.

                        

      As the trio exited the cab, Calla could feel the nervousness building up in her gut, this wasn’t her first time of being to a club but she didn’t sit well with being in a crowded room with strangers.
She remembered that one time Lily convinced her and they had snuck in because they were underage and as expected it didn’t go well.
    Both Andie and Emily were over the top with excitement like a bunch of teenage girls ditching class to hang out with friends. Coming here would’ve been a no-no on her part if not for how beautiful and womanly she felt after Andie had done her magic on her, transforming her into an elegant jaw-dropping model in a fur-bibbed dress and tights with a four-inched wedge to match, her honey-coloured tresses fell across her shoulder and chest in waves of impeccable curls.
     She took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. Her life had been boring ever since the engagement and she didn’t get to see her friends often; Andie’s a model and she travels a lot, Emily’s a photo journalist and was only in town for a few days.
She missed her family, and most of all who she was before–confident and independent. Tonight she’s a woman of impeccable elegance and high self-esteem Jack isn’t here so she could loosen up and enjoy herself for one night. With this new resolve, Calla marched steps with her friends as they made their way towards the front door of The Gig.
    Once inside, Calla realized how the club got its name it’s like the crowd attending a pep rally. She stayed glued to Emily’s arm for fear of being separated and getting lost in the myriad of dancers and drunks alike.
    ‘’I’m going to get a drink wanna come!?’’ Emily shouted against the loud music to get her message across. Calla nodded and the three weaved their way through the throngs of people to the bar.

     Few tequila shots later, Calla found herself alone as she’d refused to join her friends on the dance floor. She’d refused another refill. She wasn’t exactly a light weight but she’s keeping her level of intoxication in check–Jack would never approve of it.
Calla slid off the bar stool to stretch her legs awhile, it was suffocating in there and it was making her head swirl and her stomach queasy. She placed her palm on her forehead and closed her eyes.
She decided after a while that she needed fresh air.
     With that thought in mind, Calla disappeared into the throng of drunks tossed back and forth like a baseball and calling out apologies to a number of toes she stepped on.
    ‘’Sorry!’’ she gasped out stepping back startled after ramming into a hard body. And then she did something she instantly regretted, she glanced up and into the stranger’s piercing emerald green eyes, only he wasn’t a stranger after all and her eyes bulged in an automatic reaction–the last person she never would’ve fathomed she’d meet here tonight.
    Stellan Holt.
He had his hand to his ear seeming to be on the phone but when his confused gaze met her bewildered one, he ended the call with a brief ‘I’ll call you back’ not once did he break his stare and Calla couldn’t bring herself to look away either it was like being in a trance when reality seemed like an illusion.
    ‘’Callie?’’ Stellan’s deep voice rang out snapping her out of her daze.
Calla blinked back once, twice before letting out a shaky breath. Instead of responding and ridding him of any possible doubt, Calla did what she knew how to do best.
She ran.
    She could hear him calling after her but she didn’t stop until she was back on the floor again. Why did she run? She had no idea; all she knew was how she was a nervous wreck and how her heart had been thumping wildly across her chest.
    ‘’My gush where have you been? We’ve been looking all over for you!’’ Andie scolded.
    ‘’Are you okay?   You look pale.’’ Emily asked worriedly.
    ‘’I’m fine don’t worry.’’ Calla dismissed with a wave of her hand. ‘’Can we go home now?’’
Please say yes… please say yes she chanted.
    ‘’Sure, I’m a little pissed tonight.’’ Emily said grabbing her purse from the bar.
    ‘’Why? What happened?’’
    ‘’She ran out of luck tonight and couldn’t get laid.’’ Andie relayed.

                      
       Calla rubbed her weary eyes and kneaded her forehead to curb the excruciating pound of her head. This was by far the nastiest effects of drinking too much and she wasn’t a fan of it she’d only had a few glasses but that didn’t make the hangover a little less.
She yawned and stretched her aching muscles cracking her knuckles in tow before flinging away the duvet and getting out of bed, glad that she had a rug on the floor or she wouldn’t have been able to bear walking barefoot without her bedroom slippers.
      She ran her fingers through her hair to loosen the tangles and straighten her bed hair. Jack said she looked like a wild animal that had just escaped the zoo so in other to not make him insult her bed hair further she’s made it a routine to fix her hair first thing in the morning. She glanced at herself in the wall mirror, satisfied with her looks she padded out of her bedroom to the kitchen to get herself a mug of coffee hopefully there’s still hot water left in the thermo flask.
As she sipped her coffee, Calla made a mental note to ring Margaret and ask how her trip went. Calla hadn’t bothered to go back to the Robertson mansion after they left the bar last night because, well Margaret wouldn’t need her anyway  and because she didn’t want the woman to know what she’d been up to with her friends–Margaret would surely go ballistic.
    The doorbell rang just as she drained her cup. She quickly rinsed the empty mug before walking over to pull the door open, surprised to see Jack standing there.
   ‘’Jack I didn’t know you were coming…’’ he brushed past her and walked briskly in.
   ‘’You were up to no good again aren’t you?’’ Jack demanded angrily skipping the preliminaries.
Calla’s brows furrowed, ‘’Pardon?’’
    ‘’Just answer the damn question Cal.’’
     ‘’Wow, what great manners you’ve got there.’’ She dropped with hot sarcasm placing her right hand on her hip. ‘’And you came all the way here just to find out what I’ve been doing?’’ This is unbelievable. 
Jack sighed and took a deep breath to calm himself.
     ‘’Listen love I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to snap at you like that I was just furious after I learned about it.’’
     ‘’How would you know whether I’ve been up to no good at all?’’
     ‘’A friend saw you and I want to know why you were there.’’
     ‘’And is that friend someone I may know?’’
     ‘’No.  Don’t change the subject Cal.’’
What’s wrong with him? ‘’Were you having me followed Jack? I cannot believe you would have someone keep an eye on me.’’ Her temper flared.
    ‘’You’re changing the subject again and I could never have someone spy on you because I trust you.’’ He assured, but she didn’t miss the hardness in his tone.
    ‘’If you trust me as much as you say you do then you should know that I was only hanging out with my friends!’’
     ‘’Regardless Cal. I thought you understood what it means for the two of us to be together honestly a club? I’m very disappointed. I thought my mom was doing a good job transforming you into a lady fit to be a Robertson bride? ’’ Calla didn’t miss the accusation in his voice.
     ‘’What are you trying to say to me?’’ she demanded, her own voice laced with the same amount of venom.
    ‘’Cal you know perfectly well the lengths I had to go to just to make you worthy of the Robertson name how can you disrespect my family so? Don’t you have any shame at all to go behaving like a cheap...’’ And that was it, she blew up.
    ‘’Is that what you think of me Jack? My God I can’t believe how controlling and self centred you are. I thought it was sweet at first, you fussing over me but this is too much.’’ His accusation was blatantly cruel and unfair. ‘’I have never disrespected you much less your family when have I ever gone against you huh? I did everything you told me to do and became this person I’m not. I gave up everything that makes me happy and all for what, so you can continue to criticize and judge me? You were the only man I’ve given myself to and yet you have the nerve to call me easy?’’  
     ‘’You see that’s the point are you listening to yourself Cal? Lord knows how far you went last night.’’  Calla felt the urge to punch him in the face but restrained herself. This was simply too much. How could she have been so blind that she had failed to see what an absolute mistake this relationship was? ‘’You know what? Go to hell. I’m done playing this charade and I’m done taking in stride every shit you’ve dished out on me and about you making me worthy of the Robertson name, you haven’t even gotten around to be worthy of someone like me!’’
Looking at him now, Calla realized what she’d been denying all along.
    She doesn’t love him. She never did. 
    ‘’You don’t really mean that.’’
    ‘’As a matter of fact I do and from this moment on, I don’t want to have anything to do with you.’’ It’s a good thing the wedding date hasn’t been fixed yet.
    ‘’Come on Cal quit joking. You can’t break up with me you belong to me!’’
The nerve!
     ‘’I am not your puppet on a string.’’ She furiously ripped off the ring from her finger and threw it at him. ‘’Get out!’’ she ordered.
Jack bent forward and picked up the ring, he studied it with a frown then he said, ‘’you’re angry right now so I’ll leave. I’m confident you’ll realize your mistake once you’ve calmed down.’’ He turned and left.
    Calla gripped the table for support, breathing heavily. After a moment it slowly sank into her that she had just broken her engagement and had sent Jack straight to hell.
And it felt so good to have the yoke around her neck removed. And she has no regrets at all.
    

  
                                      FOUR  

       Two days later, Calla found herself at the gig downing her second shot of beer celebrating the fact that she was free from Jack and free to be her own person. She wasn’t surprised at her own outburst and she has no regrets whatsoever, she’d been pushed to the wall–to her limit. He had been too confident of the fact that she’d be more accommodating when she calms down and couldn’t believe he actually went back to Chicago expecting her go running after him. The only reason she had tolerated him for so long is because being with him is the only way to spite Lily for what she did and because he hadn’t taken to his heels and she was desperate–desperate to prove to herself that she was capable of keeping a man by her side. But no more.
    The music was loud and it was crowded as always but she didn’t care– just like she didn’t care when a particular someone slid onto the stool next to her.
     ‘’I didn’t know you’re the beer type.’’ That rich rumbling voice Calla knew all too well pointed out amusingly.
He ordered a beer as Calla ignored him.
   ‘’Giving cold shoulders now are we?’’ he prompted playfully but still got no response.
Stellan gulped down his beer all the while watching how she absentmindedly swirled her drink looking intensely at it. He reached out and touched her hand tentatively. Calla stared down at the warm comfortable and intimate contact his hand made with hers. When she gazed up at him, he was staring at her intensely with his eyes burning into hers like he could see her very soul.
    ‘’What are you doing?’’ she asked suddenly.
     ‘’What do you mean?’’ he replied innocently not breaking his stare.
He traced circles against the delicate flesh.
    ‘’Stop doing that.’’ What was meant to come out as an outburst came out as a whispered plea. She swatted his hand and got up to leave but she felt his grip on her elbow as he pulled her back to him so she’s standing between his legs.
    ‘’You look nervous.’’ He stated tilting his head to the side. ‘’Do I still affect you Callie?’’ he cooed in a low seductive whisper.
     ‘’N-no of c-course not.’’ She denied. It’s been so many years already and the fact that she’s still very much affected by him is beyond her. 
Without goading her any further, Stellan got on his feet. ‘’Dance with me?’’ he asked with uncertainty but when he took her hand she didn’t resist.
     Stellan led her to the dance floor. She slowly withdrew her hand from his. He arched a brow but she ignored his silent question and swayed to the beat of the music instead all the while asking herself what’s the use of coming all the way out here if she wasn’t going to have any fun?
 And he was flirting with her.
But there was no one here to tell her she couldn’t indulge him.
    Before Calla knew it, her back was plastered against his perfectly sculptured chest and his hands anchored on her waist molding her into him.
Her head fell back on his shoulder as he trailed butterfly kisses along her long slender neck. No words were spoken as words weren’t needed. Trapped in his arms, Calla could tell she wasn’t using her head–either it was the beer or his kisses.
Slowly, he turned her around so she was facing him. Staring deep into his  twinkling emerald eyes with the lights dancing in them, Calla’s pulse thrummed and when he leaned towards her, his mouth inches from hers she didn’t stop him…couldn’t stop him because the anticipation was killing her.
     The electrifying thrill that ran through her was unmistaken as he touched his lips to hers. He tasted her, savouring every second, he was teasing and coaxing every nerves in her at the same time keeping her on edge.
It’s been so many years already and she’d forgotten how intoxicating his kisses were.
    When they finally pulled apart, he had his forehead against hers as they struggled to catch their breaths. Stellan cupped her delicate face in his palm and whispered, ‘’Come away with me.’’
Logic seemed to have betrayed her. Common sense told her to run but her impulse and her body seemed to be formidable foes.

                          
      Stellan pulled over In front of the massive apartment building and rode the sleek elevator to the last floor.
There was no time to think and Calla didn’t feel like thinking or she would’ve been asking herself what the hell she was doing here– with Stellan Holt no less. They were standing a foot from each other staring at one another in silent suggestion as if waiting to see which one of them would make the first move.
     Calla felt his gaze burning through her very soul with so much lustful intensity she didn’t think was possible. No man has ever looked at her with so much desire–not even Jack.
 They were up against each other clinging feverishly onto one another Calla felt the fire from within the pit of her stomach as the electrifying thrill ran through her. Desire burst through her like combusting flames as he backed her up against the elevator wall.
     She barely registered when they tumbled out of the elevator or that they were bouncing off to his bedroom until her heels hit the foot of the bed.
His mouth left hers only to make a torturous decent down her throat to her collar bone–an action that made her ache for him even more. He was teasing her, coaxing her, nothing else mattered if not for the feel of his expert hands and exquisite mouth.
     Calla didn’t know she was capable of such passion, such fire that seemed to be consuming her little by little–who knew that a kiss could turn you to mush?
 Must definitely be the beer.
     ‘’Stellan…’’ She moaned his name as he traced moist kisses along her jaw to the sensitive spot behind her ear.
     ‘’I’ve always dreamed of a moment like this, me kissing you…caressing you…and making love to you.’’ He whispered seductively punctuating each sentence with a kiss.
Calla’s brain was swirling mindlessly, her body pulsing with need– need that only he could satiate. 
She groaned at the loss of contact and hadn’t realized she’d closed her eyes until he asked her to look at him. Calla stared into those mesmerizing green eyes, the sight of him hovering over her was the slightest indication she got that she was lying on her back, she couldn’t think of anything else except the anticipation of him loving her tonight.
    Calla loved the way his hooded eyes roamed over her hungrily and with so much admiration.
     ‘’You’re beautiful Callie.’’ He told her, the sound of it made her thrum with excitement.
Stellan knew the right strings to pull because he’s good at it and Calla didn’t want to think that she was one amongst his many women–but tonight there’s only her and no one else.   
    Years ago she would only let him kiss her with little or no intimate contacts but here she was baring her body, heart and soul to him letting him love her tonight even though it hadn’t been part of her plan for tonight. There was no room for regrets at least not tonight because the only thing she could process was the feel of his hands on her—holding her, caressing her, loving her… Tomorrow she would think about it and tomorrow was hours away.

                         
      Calla took more time than she ever did under the heated shower of her apartment. With a sigh, she reveled in the sensation of hot water seeping into her skin and clearing her mind, aiding in keeping her confusion about the previous night at bay.
      The events of last night played over and over in her head until she was pulsing with need again.
     She had left Stellan’s place in such a hurry because she didn’t want him changing his mind and kicking her out instead–he wouldn’t have…will he?   He’s a player, yes but surely he must have some respect for his women not to mention the intensity with which he made love to her last night–it was her name he had called, her lips he had kissed and every kisses and caresses meant so much to her than she would want to admit.
     Last night she felt like a woman–cherished, loved, and pampered. A feeling she hadn’t felt in such a long time, and she now knows the difference between sex and making love.
       In one night, Stellan Holt had managed to make her mindless over and over, something Jack had failed to accomplish in all the months she’d been with him, sex with him felt like a chore she never look forward to. He sends her right up into the skies and tumbling back down, like a cart driven up a hill and sent crashing down failing to reach its destination. 
    Stellan drove her to oblivion and had her screaming his name in nothing but pure ecstasy.
     Shutting off the water she stepped out cautiously, grabbed a towel to wrap around herself then padded into her bedroom and stood in front of the mirror.
      Staring at herself, Calla recalled how he had kissed every inch of her– a gesture she’d encouraged in the heat of passion that even in her half drunken state she still remembered every single moment. Stellan was the rogue who stole her heart many years ago and failed to give it back.
   ‘’I am pathetic.’’ She muttered to herself. How could she even think that this was more than just a one night stand? She ought to know by now that men like Stellan don’t date but rather fancy a passing affair. 
   She tossed all thoughts of Stellan Holt out of her mind as she towel-dried her hair and with a strong resolve, she decided that it wasn’t something she should be dwelling on, it was only a one night stand just as he like it and she wasn’t going to give him the chance to hurt her the way he had before.
She flung herself onto her comfy bed feeling light weighted and heavy-lidded but the shrill sound of the doorbell jolted her out of her stupor.
    She grumbled loudly before getting up and padding out of the bedroom towards the front door.
    Surprise registered on her face as soon as she flew the door open. Stellan Holt was standing there with dark shades looking like a Greek god and she wanted to do nothing but wrap her arms around his neck and kiss him senseless.
     She gulped visibly and blush a deep shade of red when she realized the direction of her thought.
Stellan smirked. ‘’Like what you see?’’
   ‘’What are you doing here Stellan?’’
   ‘’I brought coffee.’’ He raised the Starbucks coffee to her view, ‘’Can I come in?’’
Calla was silent for a moment still reeling from the surprise. She hadn’t expected him to come looking for her and she didn’t give him her address either so how...
    ‘’How did you know where I live?’’
Stellan ignored her question and walked past her into the apartment setting the coffee on the table and when he turned back, she was tapping her foot in agitation with her arms crossed.
     ‘’Come on don’t look at me like I’m some criminal Callie.’’
    You’re beautiful Callie. Somehow she couldn’t get those words out of her head and couldn’t help but wonder if he’d meant it or if it’s because he was trying to get into her pants.
   ‘’I couldn’t forget about last night.’’ Calla’s attention snapped back to him.
    ‘’Well I have–‘’ lies. ‘’–so it’s better that you do too.’’
    ‘’If only I know how, but I don’t.’’ Calla avoided his searching gaze.
    ‘’What do you want Stellan?’’ she asked even though it was quite clear what he wanted.
     ‘’I want more than a one night stand Callie.’’
     ‘’What?’’
    ‘’I want us to try and recover what we had many years ago.’’
     ‘’There’s nothing to recover Stellan besides I’m engaged.’’ She showed her finger to him only to hear him snort and then she realized that she wasn’t wearing the ring. So much for trying to scare him off.
    ‘’I can see that. But if you’re trying to get rid of me you aren’t doing a very good job of it.’’ Calla huffed in aggravation.
   It was going to be a long morning, one that she wasn’t looking forward to. ‘’Have dinner with me tomorrow night.’’
She snapped her attention back to him.
    ‘’What-‘’
    ‘’Have dinner with me and I promise that if you still do not want to give us a chance then…I’ll leave you alone.’’
Calla studied him closely but couldn’t tell if he was joking or serious.
    ‘’You have my word Callie.’’ He responded to her unasked question.
Calla hesitated before nodding her approval.
    ‘’Dinner and nothing else?’’
     ‘’Dinner and nothing else.’’








                       





                                             
                                           





                                     FIVE

     ‘’You’re beautiful.’’ Stellan breathed appraising her from top to bottom. Calla suddenly felt conscious when his hooded eyes lingered on her legs; she was wearing one of those dresses Jack forbade her to wear–it was a red spangled dress with a sweetheart neckline and multiple crossings at the back. Her hair was styled in a long skein that matted one shoulder and spilled across one breast.
     The dress was paired with a red leather wallet-purse and a piece of sapphire tear-drop jewelry.
   ‘’Thank you. You don’t look so bad yourself.’’
    Stellan held her gaze for a while,
     ‘’Your eyes are brown.’’ His brows furrowing as he stated.
     ‘’Yeah they’re called contacts.’’ She rolled her eyes with a small nervous laugh praying that he would drop the subject.
And he did.
Stellan held the door to his Ferrari open for her, she smiled and got in. after she’d settled in, Stellan locked the door before jogging to the other side and hopping behind the wheel.
    He pulled up in front of an elegant restaurant where a sharply dressed valet pulled the door open for her. It was such a nice feeling having a new sense of tranquility tonight even though she ought to be panicking that someone might see them together.
    Standing on the marbled pavement on her four-inched sling backs, calla heaved out a satisfied breath and a ghost of a smile appearing on her lips as the humid air caressed her cheeks. There was only a crescent moon in the sky but the stars were a jovial array of exotic twinkling lights.
    Stellan placed a palm at the small of her back, her skin tingled at the sudden contact.
    ‘’Shall we?’’ he grinned.
    ‘’Good evening Mr. Holt this way please.’’ A small man in a neatly pressed tux offered with a slight bow and a toothy grin that showed off his gold tooth.
    Calla wasn’t surprised at all with the attention they were getting, Holt Corporation was a household name, the Holts themselves strung from an endless lineage of golf pros and Stellan himself wasn’t left out.
   At one time back in high school she’d watched him play in one of the Holts’ country clubs, she couldn’t help envisioning him again in one of his white shirts that hugged his biceps and the hard planes of his muscular chest and abdomen. She couldn’t forget how he had pulled her in an unexpected passionate kiss after a successful shot.
    Her cheeks had heated then and it was beginning to heat now.
     Pushing those memories to the back of her mind, Calla followed the impeccably mannered man down an empty corridor, her dress sparkling exotically.
She had put some space between Stellan and her.
     They were ushered into a private room with fancy curtains and carpeted floor, there was a round table and two chairs with lighted candle sticks and white calla flowers. A bucket of ice with a bottle of chardonnay stood beside the table.
Everything spelled romance and it was lovely but Calla didn’t want to give him the satisfaction of messing with her head any further so instead of biting down her tongue and keeping her any protest to herself, she faced him just as the small man was excusing himself.
     ‘’This isn’t some sort of romantic dinner is it? With all the candles and…flowers.’’ She drawled slowly arching questioning brows.
     Stellan pulled out a chair for her; she hesitated but sat down anyway; what’s the use of being stubborn when she’s already here?
     ‘’Don’t you like them? The flowers are just like your name and I remember how you feel about candle lit dinners.’’ He offered a lopsided grin as he sat across from her.
Calla tucked a loosed strand behind her ear. ‘’Stellan I don’t–‘’
    ‘’I know,’’ he cut on her. ‘’I just want tonight to be special.’’ Calla felt her eyes glistened with tears at the emotion he was evoking in her.
    It’s been so many years and he hasn’t lost his charm yet. Stellan can be sweet and caring at times but at other times he’s like a devil incarnate.
He was a beautiful man, charming in so many ways; he was a man of the society, respectable and responsible.
    Theirs wasn’t love at first sight and yes he was one of those stuck up kids in high school; they never spoke to each other not even a greeting was exchanged between them until that awful mismatch on a science project–like putting egg yolk in ice cream mixture.	 Everything seemed to be perfect until she caught him cheating.
    ‘’I remember the first dinner we had under the stars, you were ecstatic about the candle lights and your eyes would sparkle when you talk about them; and how they set the mood for a romantic moment.’’
He said it with such raw enthusiasm Calla thought was impossible for someone like him. This was all in the past and there’s no use reliving it.
    ‘’I thought this wasn’t a romantic dinner?’’
     ‘’What do you think?’’
     ‘’Stellan…’’
      ‘’Okay, okay!’’ he raised both hands in surrender.
      ‘’Can we please not talk about the past anymore?’’ Calla could swear she saw a flicker of sadness in his emerald eyes but it was gone as quickly as it came.
    He cleared his throat. ‘’Sure.’’
    They made it through the appetizers and main course in silence but there was nothing awkward about it which Calla was grateful for. She was at ease even though she ought to be on edge and admittedly, it was one of the best evenings she’s had in a while.
    Dessert was the mocha-lava specialty–her favourite– she couldn’t help but notice how he’d planned everything out to her taste without missing a single detail and that warmed her heart and sent an unsettling feeling down the pit of her stomach.
   He wasn’t one for marriage; he’d said so a thousand times before and he still hasn’t lost his playboy streak–he proved that to her after he cheated on her and hurt her.
   ‘’Why did you run away that morning?’’ Calla paused with her fork half-way to her mouth to look at him, their gazes locked and held. ‘’You can’t imagine my disappointment when I woke up and you weren’t there by my side.’’
   Calla was surprisingly calm under his watchful gaze as he waited for a reply.
    ‘’I didn’t run, I simply walked out because I didn’t want you to turn on me and kick me out, I wanted to save what little dignity I had left.’’
    ‘’I would never do that to you Callie and you know that.’’
    ‘’You’re wrong. I don’t know that in fact I don’t even know you.’’ She could see him struggle to hide his pained expression.
    ‘’I would never do that to you.’’ He muttered emphatically as if to prove a point.
    ‘’Whatever it’s not a big deal it only a one night stand…just how you like it.’’ 
Stellan's jaw clenched and his lips were pressed in a thin line.
    "It's a big deal to me Callie and it's not just a one night stand it meant more to me.
    "Well you can just get another flavour of the month that wouldn't be so hard for you. It’s not like I care who you sleep with." It was easier said than actually willing herself to not care and the mouth doesn’t feel any emotion. She knew she cared more than she would be able to admit.
    "Don't say that please. Don't say you don't care." He pleaded raw emotion taking over his steely expression.
    "You've gotten what you've always wanted Stellan what else do you want from me?"
    "You." She merely stifled a gasp. Calla hadn't expected him to say that. "I want everything that is you Callie...everything. Please give me another chance."

    Calla's eyes flickered open. She tried to move but her body seemed to have been paralysed from the weight of something.
Or someone.
A strong arm was draped around her naked frame slanting over her stomach to her chest and cupping her left breast. Her back was flushed against a hard chest and steady breathing filled her ears.
     Calla didn't need to be a genius to know that they'd spent the night together.
Yet again.
She didn't quite give him a straight answer when he'd asked for a second chance but this invariably sums it all. She could readily say that the first time was a mistake but what could she call waking up in his arms after another night of passion?
She wanted this too even though it couldn't be anything but physical.
    Sighing, she shut her eyes as last night's scene played in her mind... they had argued about the incident years ago and Stellan swore that he thought the girl was her. It was prom night and they had made plans. Calla didn’t know if she should believe him or not. Admittedly, it had been dark when she found them together and he claimed that the girl hadn’t said a word. After that, Stellan insisted on seeing her to the front door of her apartment despite her protest and he had kissed her goodnight on the cheek–a kiss that lasted longer than intended. The attraction between them was palpable, she hadn't been drunk then but at that moment her brain had shut down, common sense betrayed her and her body wanted him; to feel his touch, his kisses, his caresses–the only language her body apparently seemed to understand at the moment.
     And then they leapt into each other's arms clinging ardently for dear life. There was no patience, clothes were ripped off, buttons flew... But that didn't stop them. They were too caught up in the way they made each other feel and with fervent determination; they rode the tides and waves to oblivion. 
    Careful not to stir him, Calla recoiled gently away from him, disentangling their legs in the process. She scooted to the side a good distance away from him and couldn't resist watching him sleep. He looked so peaceful and yet so unease. His full mouth twisted wryly and his forehead creased in a grimace.
Looking past the worried contortion of his face it wasn't hard to see how ruggedly handsome he was, sporting a light stubble the cleft of his chin was sharp and prominent. And then there was the glorious sight of his broad chest and abs rigged with an ample load of muscles that flexed beneath her as they made love. She looked transfixed at the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest before finally slipping out of bed, clutching the sheet around her naked form.
     "You aren't planning on sneaking out on me again are you?" Stellan rasped in a deep hoarse voice.
He's awake.
Calla turned around to face him. He was sitting on the bed with his back propped against the pillow on the head board looking sinfully sexy with his messy bed hair.
    "Funny you should say that, this is my apartment remember." She said with a slight roll of her eyes. And before she knew it he was standing less than a centimetre away from her gloriously naked. Her breath hitched in her throat as she struggled to feign indifference but she failed miserably. It was one thing to touch and taste him in the haze of passion and another to look at him in this state when everything was as clear as daylight.
Her skin tingled as he placed his thumb beneath her chin lifting her head until she was staring straight into his eyes.
    "What's wrong?" Stellan asked, his concerned gaze searching her. He frowned suddenly, "Don't tell me you're having regrets now."
    "I'm not." She fired back angry that his current state of undress was messing with her head. His relief was so subtle she would've missed it.
   "Then are you thinking of your fiancé?" He said the word with venom.  Calla frowned. "Yeah I heard all about the uptight social Nazi. Do you love him?" Stellan said suddenly surprising her.  
    "No. Actually we've broken up but it's not official yet and he seems to think I'd change my mind not in a million years will I let that happen."
    "I'm glad you think that way. Now let's not talk about him I have something else in mind."
    "Stellan..." Calla let out a shaky gasp as he reached out suddenly and snatched the sheet from her body leaving her exposed before him.
    Stellan cupped her face and stared into her eyes. "I don't wanna be away from you Callie, now that we've gotten a taste of each other we can't get enough of each other and you know it. My lips want to kiss you. My eyes want to see you. My hands long to touch you, hold you and caress you. To feel you squirm in my arms as I make love to you. Maybe it's because I'm made for you...we're made for each other darling." Calla felt her legs give way and turning to liquid with every sensual word. "Tell me," he punctuated his words with a swipe of his tongue across her swollen lips. "Does he kiss you the way that I do?" Stellan murmured huskily as his teeth grazed her lower lip. Calla closed her eyes feeling a foreign sensation engulf her, leaving her skin tingling with electricity and her core pulsing with need.
She opened her mouth and allowed him to deepen the kiss.
    His mouth left hers only to travel down her throat. She tilted her head to allow him full access.
    "Does he make you tremble–" her knees buckled but his firm hands held her in place. "–With his caresses and drunk from his kisses like I do?"
    Calla moaned his name as his descent continued torturously down her collar bone to the valley of her breasts. 
She cried out to him.  
    Stellan picked her up in his arms and walked towards the bed easing her down carefully. He hovered over her before his mouth began his plunder once again making her writhe in pleasure she didn't think was possible.
He slipped a finger between her slick folds just as his warm mouth covered one stout bud making her arch her hips off the bed. Her breath came out in small ragged pants. Her pulse raced as beads of sweat covered her forehead.
     "Tell me you want me. Nobody else but me." Stellan purred into her ears as a second finger joined the first, "Tell me love." He coaxed.
     "I want you. Nobody else but you."
Suddenly she buckled, convulsing around his talented fingers as she rode through a wave of unimaginable pleasure.
     Sated and worn out, Calla felt consciousness slipping away from her. She was vaguely aware of Stellan planting a kiss on her forehead then the corner of her mouth. He brushed a tendril of damp hair from her delicate face and pulled the covers to cover her nude body.



                                      SIX

       Calla pulled the door open later that night and a hungry mouth descended on hers. She squealed and laughed, latching onto his neck as he pushed her against the wall. She moaned into his mouth.
      ‘’You look ravishing.’’ She could feel him smile against her skin.
They had dinner together and made love through the night afterwards they slept contentedly in each other’s arms.
      They woke up together the next morning, showered together and had breakfast together like an old couple. The truth was, Calla didn’t know what to call their relationship but whatever it was it didn’t matter, she would take whatever she gets for as long as it lasts. They spent the entire afternoon in bed, wrapped in each other’s arms she wanted to stay like that if possible for eternity but Stefan had to leave and by the time she settled back down it was six in the evening.
     She jumped when her cell suddenly went off beside her. She smiled when she saw who was calling before she punched the answer button.
     ‘’Is it a bad time?’’
      ‘’No. are you coming over?’’ she wished he would because she missed him already.
       ‘’No. I just want to let you know that I’ll be going to Paris for a week.’’ 
        ‘’Oh.’’ Her shoulders sagged in disappointment. ‘’Is there a problem?’’
        ‘’No, just business. But don’t fret I’ll be back before you know it.’’ He assured.
        ‘’A week is too long.’’ She grumbled.
He chuckled lightly, ‘’I’ll miss you love. Take care of yourself.’’

      Calla felt like the entire four walls of her bedroom are closing in on her. It’s not like she spent the next four days locked up without Stellan but she missed him like hell.
Each day kept crawling and the clock appeared to not be ticking at all. She had called her mom who was ecstatic to hear her voice.
      ‘’Come visit soon.’’ Joan Mason urged.
      ‘’I will mom.’’
     Calla had gone through hours and hours of shopping with Andie and Emily but even with all that the days dragged on and she felt lonely and empty– it was a feeling she’s never felt before and it’s scaring her to death. She was unable to sleep as she kept going over her affair with Stellan, what would happen when he decides suddenly that he didn’t want to be with her? No. she wouldn’t think about that. She decided as her lids began to droop.
    Somewhere well into the night, she felt the bed dip and warm arms wrapped around her as she stirred.
      ‘’Shh. It’s me go back to sleep.’’ That familiar sexy voice whispered huskily. Her lips curved into a pleasant smile as she snuggled into him inhaling his musky scent.
      ‘’I thought you were staying a week.’’ She murmured sleepily.
      ‘’It didn’t take as long as I had anticipated.’’ He said kissing the top of her head.
      ‘’Hmm. I’m glad you’re here.’’
      ‘’Me too.’’
The steady rhythm of his heart beat lulled her back to sleep with a sigh of contentment.

     Calla had always longed for someone to care for her, desire her and Stellan gave her all that. He made her feel good about herself, he didn’t demand that she change anything about her for him but she still didn’t have a name for their relationship.
    It’s exactly three and half weeks since Stellan came back into her life and her bed, sharing her meals with him and waking up in his arms every single morning. To be honest she’d begun to get so used to his warmth and comfort that it was scaring the hell out of her judging from the fact that she couldn’t quite trust him with her heart the main reason being his reputation with women, she couldn’t see him maintaining a steady relationship and it was only a matter of time before he dumps her and finds another flavour of the month.
    Each day for the past three weeks she was always on edge wondering when he was going to drop the bombshell but he never did and since they didn’t promise each other anything it was strictly a no strings attached relationship. Stellan awakened such passion in her she never knew existed and that’s just it it’s all about the passion, but was it enough? 
Calla tried as much as possible to not lose her heart in the process but as each day passes, she realized it was impossible to control the outcome anymore and that her heart, her head and her body and soul have slowly been consumed by this strong wonderful feeling that was like a whirlwind ready to sweep her off her feet.
     It wasn’t the only thing she was scared of in the past week apparently someone must’ve thought she was playing a dangerous game and it was up to him to make her realize that when you played with fire you’d likely get burned. The anonymous threat first came in two weeks ago, she‘d just gotten home after a day at the spa with her girlfriends and found a neatly carved cardboard paper shoved hastily under the door:
    I know the truth.
Calla didn’t quite get what secret she was hiding that someone would claim to know about and she had easily dismissed it to be some kind of a joke.
But…
If you know what’s good for you, stay away from him or your fiancé might not be the only one to find out. 
Another had read and that was when Calla realized that he or she was referring to her relationship with Stellan. Her prankster must’ve gotten the impression that she was still engaged to Jack because the news of their separation hasn’t been public yet she figured Margaret must’ve sensed something was wrong when Calla refused to attend any of the Mystique women’s brunches.
And there was yet another boldly written as if to get the message across:
     WHORE!
 Calla thought she’s had enough but clearly her prankster wasn’t through with her just yet. And just two days ago she had received a box with a voodoo doll inside; the package had been sealed with no returning address. She wondered if it could’ve been one of Stellan’s admirers. Whoever it was it would take more than a few words scribbled on a cardboard to scare her but if they persist, she was calling the cops.
     Calla was suddenly filled with an immense boldness that made her decide that she was going to tell Stellan how she felt–to hell with the prankster– and maybe she could change his mind and make him realize that he has some feelings for her too. With this resolve she made dinner feeling all giddy but it wasn’t Stellan whom she pulled the door open to that night.
      ‘’Jack? What are you doing here?’’
      ‘’Can I come in?’’ Calla hesitated before she let him walk past the door. She caught him staring at her, she was wearing a black number which hugged every curve she had and ended just above her knees with a plunging neckline.
        ‘’You look beautiful.’’
        ‘’And by that you mean easy.’’ She bit out tersely abhorring the fact that he had been a hypocrite throughout their relationship.
        ‘’I’m sorry about that. I didn’t want anybody else admiring you.’’
        ‘’In other words you wanted to clip my wings so I wouldn’t fly. You always wanted me to hide behind your shadow, to tear me down so I’d think I wasn’t good enough to stand on my own.’’
         ‘’I was selfish I get it.’’ He said somberly. She watch him do a quick sweep of her apartment his gaze lingering a second longer on the candle lit table for two. 
 With her arms folded across her chest she asked, ‘’what do you want?’’ 
Jack stared at her, emotions rushing to his eyes. ‘’What I said that day I didn’t mean it at all, I realize it now.’’
      ‘’Exactly what did you realize Jack, the fact that I wasn’t gonna beg you to come back to me? Or the fact that you’re a control freak?’’ She threw sarcastically.
      ‘’I was a douche bag I know, I’ve taken you for granted and I shouldn’t have.’’
 Calla sighed. ‘’ It doesn’t matter anymore Jack because I’ve moved on.’’
      ‘’I don’t want you to Cal please give me one more chance. I promise I won’t be so controlling anymore I won’t tell you what to wear nor will I tell you to quit your job I love you I can’t live without you just please come back to me.’’ Jack got on his knees suddenly retrieving something from his jacket pocket she was appalled to see a little velvet box.
     ‘’Jack, I can’t do this you need to leave.’’ 
      ‘’Just hear me out. You know we look good together Cal we belong together.’’
     ‘’You’re delusional if you think your little sob story is going to make me come running back into your arms. I’ve moved on Jack and so should you.’’ She told him matter of factly.
     ‘’You have no idea how this few weeks have been without the sound of your voice. I won’t give up Cal, I’ll do everything in my power to get you back.’’ He looked so helpless and torn that Calla felt she had been too harsh on him. She didn’t doubt for a second that he loves her but his controlling attitude was what repelled her.
She heard the door shut and breathed a sigh of relief. 
     Stellan would be here any moment now and she would tell him how she feels. Calla sat at the table, an hour passed…two…three and before she knew it, it was 1:00am and then the harsh truth hit her like a tornado.
Stellan had stood her up.
    
    
                                           

                                          SEVEN

     Calla didn’t want to think this was the calm before the storm. Was last night the first step to…no she won’t go there just yet something must’ve come up, Stellan must’ve not been able to call her because he was preoccupied. Yes, that’s it. 
     ‘’I got scared thinking something has happened.’’ I thought you’ve broken up with me. Calla wrapped her arms around Stellan inhaling the scent of his after shave. She felt safe… here in his arms.
      ‘’Why didn’t you show up last night?’’ Calla felt him recoil from her touch but she ignored the sting in her heart.
      ‘’I had tons of work to do.’’ He turned away from her and grabbed the TV remote from the glass table and turned it off. Calla ignored the detached way he was speaking to her and took a deep breath bracing herself for what she was going to say next.
      ‘’Stellan, I need to tell you something–‘’
      ‘’I don’t think we should carry on with this anymore.’’ Calla felt the wind being knocked out of her and for a moment the room swirled around her.
      ‘’What do you mean by that?’’ her heart had begun to sink into her stomach.
      ‘’Come on darling,’’ he gave a dry laugh. ‘’You didn’t think this was going to last did you?’’
      Even though she knew this was inevitable, it didn’t help with the pain. she had held onto a little vestige of hope that after she told him her feelings he might have a change of heart but he didn’t even let her say what she wanted to say like he wanted her out of his apartment and his life as soon as possible. She felt suffocated. Her chest felt heavy like someone had been sitting on it. Stellan has quickly transformed into someone she barely knew. Those eyes that had held a fiery passion before was now ice cold, he looked at her as if she was the one breaking his heart.
    ‘’But I thought–’’
     ‘’I never promised you anything Callie.’’ That’s right. She was such a fool. His words hurt her even more than anything Jack’s ever done or said to her. ‘’We should both move on with our lives. It’s for the best.’’ He added.
      ‘’Right.’’ She gave a tremulous laugh. ‘’It was as good as it lasts.’’ She stared at him sadly but he appeared unaffected and she had been having delusional thoughts that she must’ve mean more to him after all those passionate nights they spent in his each other’s arms. The hearty meals they had together…
      I guess it’s time to put all this behind me. Calla thought ruefully. She felt the tears threatening to spill but she willed herself to appear strong, she would not let herself appear weak in front of Stellan.
Steeling herself, Calla looked him straight in the eye and said those words that would break their bond forever. ‘’Good bye Stellan.’’
    Perhaps it was for the best.


    



                                  EIGHT


    ‘’Wake up sleepy head! It’s shopping time!’’ Emily flung herself onto the bed while Andie pulled the curtains apart and a ray of sun light cast a blinding light on Calla’s face, matting her eyes with a red glow.
    She groaned turning on her side away from the discomfort.
    ‘’Ugh! Go away.’’ she grumbled.
     ‘’Wakie wakie.’’Andie cooed affectionately tickling her in the process until she finally gave in.
Shopping was one of her favourite hobbies, it always help her let off steam and she needs it now more than ever so she could get her mind off someone. It’s been two weeks since her break up with Stellan. She wouldn’t call it a break up because they were never in a relationship to begin with. Her diamond ring sparkled in the morning sunlight. True to his words, Jack had been persistent and he was nothing like the man she had been engaged to before. He calls her trice a week and never once questions what she does or who she spends her time with. Perhaps the affection she once had for him would slowly return and she would forget about Stellan she hoped.
    They took all afternoon and by the time they were through, the sun was almost down and Calla found herself with tons of shopping bags.
    They went for a late lunch in one of the burger houses around the corner. Calla’s day was promising or so she’d thought until Andie dropped a bombshell Calla never thought she would much less on a day like this…
   ‘’Guess who asked me to be his date to the Mystique Women’s mid-year dinner?’’
    ‘’Evan Matthews?’’ Emily guessed.
    ‘’No silly it’s none other than Stellan Holt!’’ she was squealing like a fan girl at a concert.
   Calla coughed out her sandwich that was halfway down her throat.
   ‘’THE Stellan Holt?’’ Emily demanded wide eyed.
    ‘’I told you I wasn’t giving up.’’ Stunned beyond belief Calla was speechless.
    ‘’Seriously! I cannot believe this you rock girl!’’
    ‘’When was this?’’ Calla asked finally, after she was able to get her voice back.
    ‘’A couple days ago.’’ Andie chirped mirthfully unaware of the pale expression on Calla’s face.
    Her stomach twisted in a complicated knot and her heart sank right into the pit of her stomach. She could feel the bile coming up but forced herself to swallow it down.
This was hard to believe but with Stellan Holt everything is believable enough.
     Years ago he would never have spared another glance at Andie Rivers because she was the fattest in school.
 Now this was beyond cruel. She thought ruefully. Would he sleep with her friend too and then discard her afterwards? Andie doesn’t deserve any of this he knows she’d been harbouring a strong feeling for him for many years now and it’s cruel of him to take advantage of that fact.
Calla couldn’t take it anymore; all of this is making her sick to her stomach.
    ‘’You okay?’’ Emily peered at her worriedly.
    ‘’Oh she’ll be fine…right?’’ Andie said before Calla could even move her lips.
Reluctantly, she nodded. ‘’Yeah…sure.’’
     Her day couldn’t get any worse.
 
       Calla arrived at the Mystique Women’s dinner just in time looking ethereally gorgeous in her one-shouldered velvet-coloured cocktail dress with her hair expertly pinned behind her head. She was spotting a crystal chandelier earrings and necklace; her hands were occupied with a crystal embroider satin clutch while standing tall on her strappy heels studded with tiny crystals.
     She looked nothing like a Mystique woman in her impeccably elegant outfit without the signature chignon to her hair; she was feeling slightly rebellious and there’s no law that stated she couldn’t make her hair and dress how she wanted.
      With a staunch square of her shoulders and a dignified tilt of her chin, Calla began to walk towards the sprawling gardens of the McKenzies, vividly aware of the attention she was beginning to draw. She knew Margaret would have her head for this but her future mother-in-law is the least of her worries right now.
    Margaret had been angry with her ever since the club incident that she’d barely said a word to her–not that Calla’s complaining–and she had been furious to see the changes in her son that she’s refused sharing a ride with Calla to the dinner.
The garden was already parked with guests from beautiful to elegant to filthy rich to middle class.
    Calla was never a fan of society events but she tried as much as possible to blend in and be the lady that everyone’s expecting her to be. Then there was the fact that she was the youngest member of the Mystique Women and is beginning to feel old herself in a crowd of forty to sixty something women. But all that’s going to change soon.
    Calla flashed the most charming smile she could muster up until her cheeks ached. This was her last dinner as a Mystique woman.
    ‘’Darling you look so dashing.’’ Muriel sanders let out in pure admiration planting a kiss on both of her cheeks.
    ‘’Why thank you Muriel.’’ Calla replied cheekily.
The compliment didn’t stop there and it warmed Calla’s heart to see that she wasn’t completely ignored as she’d thought, even the men who stood in their posh business suits couldn’t take their eyes off of her–that was a first. She had thought she’d be reprimanded for deviating from the party rules but all she got was nothing but praises and admiration. 
    ‘’Jack would certainly not be pleased with the attention you seem to be getting from the entire male population around here.’’ An irritable and nerve-twisting familiar voice drawled.
    ‘’Hello Margaret,’’ Calla said sweetly before adding, ‘’Sadly Jack the lion isn’t here to growl in the arena. And in case you haven’t noticed Jack wants me to wear something that makes me beautiful.’’
    Margaret fumed, her indignation towards Calla multiplying over a hundred. Calla was very much aware of how intense the woman’s hatred was towards her, there was a time when she’d slaved herself just to get her approval but not anymore.
Calla snagged a champagne flute from a server and took a healthy gulp to calm her nerves which have begun to rage.
    ‘’Just who do you think you are?’’ Margaret demanded. ‘’I made you into the lady that you are now!’’
    ‘’With all due respect Margaret I would prefer if you keep your snide comments to yourself because I will not be as accommodating as I was before. As for being a lady, I never gave you the slightest incline that I wasn’t one and you need to know that I am only putting up with your overbearing self  because of Jack if not I would shove this whole shit up your hypocritical ass.’’  Margaret’s mouth was hanging wide open as if she couldn’t believe that Calla had just stood up to her.
     Calla watched as Margaret’s lips worked preparing to throw in another snide remark but nothing came out.

    Leaving behind a dumbstruck Margaret, she made to walk away but instantly halted, frozen to the core as her gaze collided with the two people who suddenly showed up before her.
Calla knew they were going to be here but after her conversation with Margaret it completely slipped her mind.
     Stellan Holt looked breathtaking in his elegant evening tux; his jet-black hair neatly styled and shimmered in the dark. He looked more handsome and attractive. Their gazes collided for a split second before hers travelled down to the arm he had around Andie Rivers who’s dressed to kill in a beautiful blue asymmetrical dress that complimented her flawless face and shape.
    Andie flashed a mirthful grin which Calla tried her best to return hiding the riot ensuing in her.  
      ‘’Callie! You came!’’ Andie said and Calla could swear she caught a patronizing tone but she waved it aside and fed the sarcasm.
     ‘’Obviously, I’m a Mystique Woman.’’ Calla smiled, clearly aware of Stellan watching her from the corner of her eyes.
     ‘’I know. I was just pulling your legs.’’ Andie smiled back turning her attention to Margaret. ‘’Hello Mrs. Robertson.’’ She greeted sweetly but the woman scrunched up her nose in contempt and walked away.
     Andie rolled her eyes. ‘’I swear to God that woman is getting on my last nerve.’’
      ‘’That’s just how Margaret is.’’ Calla easily let out looking everywhere else but Stellan who looked like he was undressing her with his eyes and it made her uncomfortable as hell.
     ‘’Ah! Forgive my manners,’’ Andie started cutting through her thoughts. ‘’You two obviously haven’t met each other. Calla this is Stellan, Stellan meet Calla my friend remember her? We went to the same high school together.’’
    Stellan extended long manicured fingers and Calla hesitated before taking it in a formal greeting.
     ‘’Of course I wouldn’t forget such a lovely face even if I wanted to.’’ Their joined hands lingered for a while causing an unsettling feeling down the pit of her stomach. She glared at him.
      Calla couldn’t remember how she ended up sitting across Stellan and the entire ordeal was unpleasant. She sat there feeling suffocated with his piercing gaze that didn’t seem to waver even for a second.
    The evening was romantic and the music sets the mood. While searching for something to keep her busy, Calla picked up a canapé and took a healthy bite only to spit it out moments later.
She scrunched up her nose as she watched the half-chewed concoction she spat in the napkin–shrimp canapé.
     What’s with rich people and sea food? She wondered dryly, the thought of it only made the bile come up. 
Sea food had always been something she hated ever since she was little but that hadn’t stopped her mom from forcing her to eat it claiming it to be nutritious but it always ends up with her getting sick to her stomach.
     She had always been able to pick up the peculiar smell before but today she hadn’t been able to as she’d been so distracted by Stellan’s presence tonight that she looked so pathetic.
     ‘’You okay?’’ Andie asked a concerned look on her face.
    ‘’I-I’m fine.’’ She offered a small smile but even she herself didn’t believe her lie.
    Ten minutes passed and the main course was served.
Great; oysters and smoked salmons. Calla thought wryly she opened her mouth to protest but Stellan spoke first.
    ‘’She doesn’t like sea food.’’ Calla was shocked at first but quickly recovered and then it finally dawned on her; he remembered, she thought gleefully her heart warmed at the gesture, how’s it even possible that he could remember something so trivial? But his eyes told her it wasn’t trivial at all as their gazes locked and held.
    She’d only mentioned it once and didn’t think he was paying attention at all. 
But why?
 Why was he doing all of this? He doesn’t have the right to worry about her anymore. Then before she could change her mind she accepted the plate. ‘’Thank you I absolutely love sea food.’’ She smiled brightly at the waiter, and then dared Stellan to refute. 
His jaw clenched. 
    She smiled inwardly but regretted the instant the oysters touched her mouth. She shivered in revolt. She was in for a terrible night she thought ruefully as she struggled to swallow.
Damn her pride.


      Calla rinsed the acidic taste from her mouth and splashed a handful of water across her face. She took a deep breath never forgetting the look of concern on Stellan’s face when she bolted from the table.  
     She retouched her make-up before stepping out.
     The hallway was quiet, too quiet she might add but all she could think of right then was getting back to dinner.
Suddenly, strong arms wrapped around her from behind and she was thrust into a dark room and her back was plastered against the wall. Before she could comprehend the situation at hand, a hot pair of lips crashed against hers.
     Surprised by the sudden action, calla found herself immobilized allowing the stranger to continue plundering her mouth–actually a wild guess told her who he was and only he could dare kiss her without her permission.
     Unable to hold back any longer, Calla kissed him with the same hunger and fervour and with everything she holds dear.
His mouth was no longer demanding but passionately feeding into everything that was his emotion; teasing, coaxing until she turned to mush in his arms. A searing desire burst through her like lava from a volcano as their tongues meshed together, dancing in perfect synch to the erotic tones of passion.
     Gaining half her sanity back, Calla pushed him lightly away from her, their ragged breathing filled the room as they stared intently at each other wordlessly until Calla found her voice at the same time Stellan found his.
     ‘’What do you think you’re doing?’’
     ‘’Are you alright? I was worried about you.’’ Stellan cupped both her cheeks and stared down at her with concern, lust and passion. ‘’God I’ve missed you.’’ He rasped out desperately.
    With both her hands on his wrists Calla pulled his hand away from her face, then moving away from him she snorted. ‘’Don’t be ridiculous Stellan.’’
     ‘’I mean it Callie.’’ There was no sign of mockery or sarcasm on his face but Calla wasn’t going to fall easily.
     ‘’Obviously,’’ she said with a sarcastic nod of her head. ‘’You sure as hell have a good way of showing it.’’ She tersely let out.
     Stellan’s brows furrowed, even in the dark with help of the glow of the moon light as it permeated the room. She could see his strong handsome features, that masculinity that seemed to drive women crazy–now her included.
It’s not fair that he’s this handsome or that right now her heart is racing above normal across her chest.
     ‘’What are you talking about?’’
      ‘’Oh please,’’ she made a dramatic roll of her eyes. ‘’Don’t act like you don’t know what I’m talking about. For someone who claimed to have missed me you sure didn’t waste time getting another flavour of the month.’’
    That came out harshly than intended.
Calla could see him trying to hide a smirk that was making its way to his perfectly shaped full lips. He crossed his arms across his broad chest as he stared at her with nothing but amusement in his eyes.
    ‘’If I didn’t know you better I’d think you’re jealous.’’
    ‘’Of course not.’’ She denied hotly. ‘’And sleeping with my friend is a little low even for you don’t you think?’’
     She was angry, yes. But it wasn’t jealousy.
Yeah right.
    ‘’I admit Andie rivers is beautiful and attractive but I’m not sleeping with her Callie and I mean it.’’ Stellan took short calculated strides towards her while keeping his gaze on her. ‘’You’re the only one I wanna sleep with.’’ He pointed huskily making her pulse race.
     ‘’I’m not one of your women Stellan. And in case you’ve forgotten you were the one who ended things between us and it’s not like I care who you sleep with because I’m engaged.’’ She told him holding up her ring finger long enough for him to catch the glitter of the stone.
     ‘’I see. ‘’
      Calla didn’t miss the flicker of pain and disappointment marring his beautiful face, and it was gone just as swiftly as it came–like a puff of smoke. And then he was gone.
What’s wrong with him? Wasn’t he the one who ended it all then why was he acting so interested all of a sudden? Did he think that she would just leap into his bed again after he had gotten her hot and needy? She has more self-respect than that.
 



















                                    NINE

        Calla managed a small smile as she gazed at the craftsman house before her, the sight conjuring up memories both good and bad.
This was where she’d lived her whole life. Where she’d taken her first step and said her first word. Even though they weren’t her biological family they were everything to her.
        She retrieved the key from the ignition before getting out of the car. Spotting the red Ferrari parked on the other side she wondered who was visiting her mom. She shielded her eyes from the glaring sun with her palm, and walked towards the house. The steps were green, the lawn was mowed and kept clean the garden was neatly pruned as always. Three poinsettias lined one side of the porch–trust Joan Mason to grow something like that; she might even have it in her bedroom–Calla thought amusingly.
    The pine door flew open suddenly and she was engulfed in an embraced that threatened to smother her.
    "My sweetheart… My baby... I'm so glad you came."
    "I'm glad to be here mom." Calla said rubbing her mother's back affectionately. After pulling away Joan's eyes glistened with unshed tears as she appraised her daughter.
    "I've missed you so much honey." She cupped Calla's cheeks.
    "And I you."
    "Alright! That’s enough drama for now, let's get you inside." They both laughed.
Calla missed the sound. She missed those days when her family was complete and they would sit by the fire place and tell each other stories until the day Jerry Mason died in his sleep. Joan had never been the same after that, she always said she was okay but Calla knew otherwise. 
     There were times when she would spend the night in his work shop other times she would lay coiled up in bed while holding on to a photo of him. That’s how much she loved him.
    Calla's happy laughter died back in her throat and surprise took over at the sight of Jack descending from the stairs with non-other than Lily following closely behind.  Her brows knitted, she could sense something wrong with the picture as her suspicious gaze met Lily who smirked in return.
The thought moved to the back of her mind as Jack made his way towards her with a big grin pasted on his handsome face. "If it isn't my gorgeous… exquisite fiancée." He kissed her then and Calla did everything she could to show some interest but it didn't seem like it worked. Damn Stellan for spoiling her for anyone else.
     "What are you doing here?" She asked after the kiss.
     "I wanted to surprise you. Remember you told me you were coming to visit your mom." He gave her a lopsided grin but after looking at her for a few moment he observed, "You’re not happy to see me are you?"
     "No that's not it. I'm just tired. I'm gonna go upstairs and have a warm bath." She supplied.
    "Alright, don't be long." He kissed her forehead.
Calla proceeded to the stairs, stopping momentarily to flash a smile at her sister. "Lily, I'm glad you're back." And she was even though Lily's betrayal had hurt her, it was all in the past now.

     "What do you think honey?" Calla glanced at Jack then at her mom until it became clear to her that they were waiting for her to answer a question her mom had asked except she didn't know what had been asked.
    "What?"
    "Honey if you're tired we can discuss about the wedding tomorrow if you like." Joan's smile was understanding.
    "No it's fine...I'm fine. What were you saying?" She asked but her mom insisted and kissed her goodnight.
    "I'll see you tomorrow."
Calla had to admit it was what she needed. She almost sighed in relief until Jack offered to take her to her room.
    He was too close it was bordering on irritation and Calla couldn't help but wish he would get the message and leave but he wrapped his arms around her instead once they were inside her bedroom-an indication that he didn't intend to leave at all. Jack placed a slobbery kiss on the nape of her neck and she fought to not shiver in disgust. It feels so wrong.
    "I've missed you so much." He purred and all Calla could do was imagine Stellan's lips on her skin instead. She heard him draw in a sharp breath as his hands worked their way up her blouse. "I've forgotten how soft your skin feels." She pulled away from him.
     "Jack not tonight please." She could tell he was disappointed but he quickly masked it and gave her a tight-lipped smile.
    "Alright. I'll see you in the morning."

    That night Calla tossed and turned wishing for the peace that came with sleep but nothing happened. A moment later she decided to take a walk.
    She couldn't remember the last time she wanted something so bad but was unable to get it. Stellan had made it clear to her that there could be nothing but the physical attraction between them and she didn't want to live her life that way. She wanted to get married and have children. But she couldn't help how she felt, couldn't teach her heart whom to love and the emptiness, the sorrow, the pain and the unhappiness was too much to bear. 
     Jack doesn't deserve it she thought. It would be unfair to him if they got married because she would never learn to love him at least not in this life time.
     Calla had made her decision even before she started the walk back to the house. She realized that this was something she should've done long before now because her heart wanted it, her body and soul felt the same way and now with this new resolve, she felt like a burden had been lifted off her shoulders and she felt liberated.
    The night air was humid, and the full moon overshadowing the stars shined brightly. The leaves on the trees were moaning through the night.
Crickets chirped loudly but the crunching and crackling of dry leaves and twigs over shadowed them all.
    The house was quiet. It was one in the morning. She shut the door quietly behind her so as not to wake up anyone after which she crept up the stairs. There were three bedrooms on this side of the house. Lily's was the first, Calla's was the second and the last on the far end of the hall was taken by Jack he hadn't been pleased with the arrangement but he thought it best to let it slide.
    Calla's breath caught in her throat as she realised what she was about to do, she was going to break his heart and it was tearing her apart to do that to him but it was best to have a clean break. And it was now or never.
She hesitated, mentally preparing herself then she reached out and rapped gently on the door but there was no response instead a low mewling sound caught her attention. At first she'd thought it to be a cat but Joan never liked cats, the last time Calla had brought one home it didn't end well. 
      A low grunt sounded followed by a satisfied sigh and then to her utter dismay, Calla realised they were coming from beyond the door she was currently standing in front of. Her heart pounded in her ears as her fingers grabbed the knob shakily, praying that what she was thinking isn't what's happening behind the door.
     Without her permission, her eyes glistened with moisture as the pangs of betrayal hit her even before she saw the betrayal. She twisted the knob.
She couldn't help the barely audible gasp that escaped her lips as her eyes zero in on the two familiar figures locked in a heated embrace and lost in the throes of passion.
    Calla froze. 
    She was rooted to the spot in bewilderment. There before her was her sister beneath the man she called her fiancé. She was angry at the fact that Jack had taken in stride the fact that she had rejected his advances tonight because he was anticipating Lily's touch. How long has this been going on?
She heard Lily let out a surprise gasp when she spotted her at the door. The two sprang apart from each other. Jack scrambled off the bed searching for his pants, a look of horror on his face and muttering curses Calla didn't quite catch while Lily drew the sheets to cover her nude body.
     After he had thrown his pants on, Jack came up to her.
     "Cal..." He reached for her but she backed away.
     "How long?" She croaked.
     "It's just tonight."
      "No it's not." Lily argued. "Why don't you tell her the truth already?" 
     "Yes Jack, tell the truth." Calla's eyes bore into his with unmasked fury. 
Jack looked like a deer caught in the headlights. Shame marred his face as he ran agitated fingers through his hair.
     "Lily and I have been seeing each other for a while now." He averted his gaze and swallowed hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down nervously.
     "I'm pregnant with his child in case you haven't heard." Lily informed sweetly.
      Calla felt the air being knocked out of her lungs.
      "Is it...true?" Even though she knew what the answer would be Calla wanted to hear him say it. Lily had gotten out of bed wrapped in the sheets and came to stand beside him.
      "Yes." Jack said. "I'm sorry Cal. I swear I didn't want you to find out like this."
      "And you were going to marry me despite all of these? You disgust me." Calla turned to Lily with nothing but loathe in her tone. "And you Lily are the most despicable woman I've ever known. I thought you’d changed that you’d feel a little remorse after the stunt you pulled the last time. Are you going to dump him too because you were caught? I feel so ashamed to call you my sister now.’’
     Calla's fingers found the ring nestling on her finger and yanked it off so fast one would think it burns. She threw it at him then added. "Here I was thinking I was going to break your heart tonight. I guess you've spared me the trouble."
The next evening, Calla sighed as soon as the bitter liquid slithered down her throat. Emily gave her a reassuring squeeze on the shoulder. "I'm afraid to say I told you so."
     "Yeah figures." Calla muttered. "Hey. Can I stay here tonight? I don't think I can stay in that lonely apartment tonight."
     "Sure. You can stay for as long as you want, that is until I get cranky and kick you out."
     "You're not funny."
     "I'll go and prepare us something to eat." Emily offered and knocked over a box of stationaries as she got up to leave spilling its content onto the floor. She huffed in aggravation, "I'll deal with it later." She dismissed and walked off.
    But Calla dropped her half-drunk coffee on the table and dropped to a crouch, carefully picking up the stack of papers and cardboards amongst other things. She couldn't help the sense of foreboding that washed over her as she held the letter sized cardboards that looked oddly familiar. Her fingers began to tremble as her heart picked up pace.
Calla didn't want to believe it but the words glaring back at her were made with the same cursive design as the ones she'd been receiving.
I'm going to tell the truth.
It read.
    Calla swallowed a lump that was starting to close up her throat. This piece was no doubt a new instalment that was yet to be sent to her probably because she was no longer Stellan's lover. The thought that it was Emily all along made her sick to her stomach.
    Loud footsteps sounded as Emily came back into the room but Calla was too stunned to acknowledge her.
     "I don't know if you like grilled cheese sandwich but... She trailed off; freezing on the spot at the same time Calla raised her head to meet the eyes of her traitorous friend whose surprise was evident on her face.
                                    












                                    TEN

Calla slowly got on her feet while keeping a furious glare trained on her friend.
     "Callie-"
     "It was you. I know it so don't bother lying to me Emily."
      "I can explain." Emily said putting down the plate of sandwich on the table.
       "Go on; explain to me why I shouldn't call the cops right now. How long have you known?"
       Emily must've realised that arguing any further would only worsen the situation she sighed.
       "I knew the very first time...in high school." Calla found that hard to believe. "Andie was always suspicious of you two but I told her you would never do something like that. We never got any evidence until that day when you ditched us on our girls' night out to go to the movies with Stellan. I was so furious and disappointed." Calla could feel the guilt gnawing at her conscience once more. "You hurt her Callie. You hurt her real bad and Andie was never the same."
A tear slipped from Calla's eyes.
     "I never meant to hurt her." She choked out.
     "Yeah well you did and it was not funny at all. You should've had the decency to tell her Callie you were her friend!" Emily's voice rose up a notch.
    "You think it was easy for me!" Calla demanded, her tone marching Emily's. "You think I didn't feel guilty for what I did? I tried to tell her but I couldn't find the right moment or words.’’
     "If you were really that guilty, you would never have hooked up with him again!"
Calla had nothing to say to that because Emily was right she had acted selfishly with no remorse at all. "You knew how much Andie loved Stellan and yet you were sleeping with him behind her back."
    "But that doesn't give you any right to send those threats to me. Stellan doesn't even love her."
     "And you think he loves you?" Emily mocked.
Calla flinched. That hit close to home.
     "Stellan doesn't love anyone." She said in a whisper. "You had no right to do what you did."

    Calla opened the door that night only to be engulfed in the warmth of a hard pair of arms she would never forget. She had no time to react when a soft mouth descended on hers in a mind boggling kiss. She didn't protest because to be honest she didn't want to fight it after all it's just a kiss she thought to herself.  Her back hit the wall of her living room. She caressed his arms up to his shoulders before her hands went about his neck.
     When they finally stopped kissing, they didn’t pull apart from each other, but rest their foreheads on each other’s. Calla revelled in his touch and scent. And it hurt her to pull away.
   ‘’Don’t do this to me please.’’ She whispered, feeling so drained from all that’s happened earlier that day.
     ‘’I want you in my life Callie.’’
     ‘’Don’t compel me to do this Stellan I don’t want to regret my decision for the rest of my life.’’
     ‘’You won’t I promise.’’ Calla couldn’t believe how sure he was that she would agree to jump into his bed just for the passion.
     ‘’I don’t want a no-strings attached relationship.’’ She told him matter of factly.
     ‘’Who says it’s what I want?’’ Calla stared at him in confusion. ‘’What I want is to have my ring and no one else’s on your finger because I love you.’’ The room spun for a few seconds before it stopped. Her heart pounded wildly in her ears.
    ‘’What?’’
    ‘’I’m an idiot for letting my pride and my bruised ego get in the way. I was so pissed that night when I saw that social Nazi in the building that I said such nasty things to you.’’
     ‘’You saw Jack that night?’’ Of course that must’ve been what had made him change his mind about dinner.
     ‘’Yeah. And when you came to me the next day I thought you were going to give me the news that you were back with him so I didn’t wait for you to say it. The past week without you has been trying and I don’t want to live a single day without you. I have come to convince you that we are made for each other Callie I won’t let you marry that man.’’ His little speech warmed her heart and brought tears to her eyes, she wanted to tell him everything.
    ‘’Oh Stellan I’m not marrying Jack anymore.’’ She laughed. 
     ‘’I think someone up there is on my side.’’ Stellan grinned but she punched him on the arm suddenly feeling angry.
     ‘’Do you have any idea the heart ache you caused me?’’ she sniffed. ‘’I was going to take my chances and tell you that I love but you didn’t show up. Yes Jack had asked me back but I told him I couldn’t go back to him and then I went to your apartment to pour out my heart to you but you told me you didn’t want to continue anymore.’’
    ‘’I’m sorry my love. I should’ve let you speak that day.’’ She furiously wiped her eyes with the back of her hand. ‘’Come here.’’ He pulled her to him. ‘’I promise to make up for every tear you’ve shed.’’ He captured her mouth once again in a passionate kiss.
   
    The once shattered pieces of her life are coming together and Calla couldn’t have wished for anything more. The news of her broken engagement with Jack finally made it to the tabloids now her wedding’s in three weeks. She got a call from Mr Diamond asking her if she was still interested in working for his restaurant she had been ecstatic and couldn’t believe it was all happening at once.
    It was a Friday afternoon and all three of them were in Calla’s apartment admiring Andie’s platinum ring. She was engaged to her manager Rory Jackson.
    Calla’s phone vibrated with a message from Stellan:
I love you.
     ‘’This love of yours is sickening.’’ Emily said playfully and feigned making a face. ‘’Stellan, love and marriage who would’ve thought.’’
 I love you.
Calla typed and pressed send that goofy smile on her face broadening. Her heart swelled with such wonderful feeling that she’s sure it would continue to blossom for many years to come. 



AUTHOR'S NOTE
Thank you for reading MEANT TO BE: MEANT TO BE #1  if you like this book, please leave a review and recommend it to your friends.   
 For more updates you can sign up to my newsletter here: http://eepurl.com/dyZcT1 and get A COMPLETE TRILOGY sent to your inbox at no cost at all.
 Or you can hang out with me on Twitter: @maricruzr99 or like my facebook page: authormaricruzrosales


                                       ALSO BY MARICRUZ ROSALES
THE YOUNG BILLIONAIRES SERIES 
A VERGARA WEDDING 
Five young Billionaires. They are the best of friends. They are used to getting what they want. They are arrogant as well as breathtakingly handsome and they love fiercely.
Dylan Vergara: He belongs to one of the most affluent families in the country. This is his story.
After he was betrayed by his best, friend all hotelier Dylan Vergara wants is revenge but resourceful and feisty Ella came as a surprise and the feelings he once had for her that were beginning to surface hadn’t been part of his damn plan. 
Blackmailed into a marriage of convenience to pay her family's debt, Ella loathes the arrogant young billionaire who thinks the entire world revolves around him. Caught between her feelings for her first crush Jason Dylan’s best friend Ella didn't plan to find herself caring for her husband to the point she was willing to risk everything.

A VERGARA HONEYMOON 
Getting married was the easy part, a honeymoon on the other hand was another thing entirely and Ella isn't ready for the immense feelings she has for Dylan but even a fairy tale has its ups and downs. When she thought she was ready to face whatever curveball their relationship might throw at her, all the lies, deceit and manipulation stared her right in the face and Ella realised that she was just a pawn in a game of revenge.

A VERGARA'S LOVE 
Whoever said falling in love was a piece of cake had never been pricked by its thorn.
Ella made it into a culinary school in Paris and is one step away from achieving her dream. Then Savannah, Dylan’s ex showed up out of the blue and threatened to ruin everything they had. Ella ended up being kidnapped by Eileen, Dylan’s secretary who's obsessed with him.

MEANT TO BE SERIES
MEANT TO BE
After her sister's betrayal, Calla was forced to take a drastic step in her next relationship which she wasn't ready for. Nothing could go wrong was what she thought but when playboy Stellan Holt suddenly came back into her life and Calla's fiancé wasn't really all that she thought him to be Calla was forced to rethink every decision she's ever made.

NOW THAT YOU'RE HERE 
When her twin Cindy ran away from her wedding, Rella found herself torn between duty and love. From the moment she set eyes on Stefan Diamond, Rella knew her heart wasn't hers anymore but there's just one problem, he was her sister's fiancé and she knew there was no going back the moment she started down the isle towards him as Cindy. But when she realises he had known who she was all along Rella couldn't help but wonder what else he was keeping from her.



FATED TO LOVE YOU SERIES 
IT STARTED WITH A LIE 
Selya Williams is a twenty-five year old Nigerian-American who's had the worst of luck in men, had just found out that her fiancée was married. When one lie makes her cross path with the city's most eligible bachelor, she leaps at the chance to be his fake fiancée to help mend her broken heart only to realise that it wasn't going to be easy keeping her heart out of the deal.
Self made business tycoon Wade Ashburn didn't plan for his night out to involve driving a gorgeous drunk stranger around only to find out the next day that they'd been photographed together with a ring on her finger and an article that named her his fiancée. Wade was ready to give her a taste of her own medicine only to realise that the lie wasn't so bad at all because it could help him get his ex fiancée back.
What happens when their worlds collide and they realise that they're meant for each other?

FOREVER YOURS 
They both have pasts that left them altered but their love will be 
Katie didn't think she'd ever be the same after the tragedy that took both her parents and made her an orphan at thirteen. Then she met the brooding Dave Calhoun who made her realise there was more to life than the anger and resentment that filled her heart. In Dave she found love that was more than just a school girl's crush but there's one problem; Dave only sees her as a little sister.
Dave Calhoun a self-made businessman whose love for his family surpasses anything in the world and there's nothing he wouldn't do for them. But things fell apart after his father's death and his mother had been diagnosed with early alzheimer's and as if that wasn't enough he learns that his parents' blissful union hadn't been so picture-perfect after all. Dave knew that he was doing the right thing embracing his father's other family but that revelation had altered him. Will Dave get past the ghost of the past which continues to haunt him to be able to see a future with the one girl who loves him unconditionally?



   







