 

 
											 																											





Medusa
By; Jessica G.Rabbit

























 

© Copyright 2018 by Jessica G.Rabbit
 All rights reserved. In no way is it legal to reproduce, duplicate, or transmit any part of this document in either electronic means or in printed format. Recording of this publication is strictly prohibited and any storage of this document is not allowed unless with written permission from the publisher. All rights reserved.
Respective authors own all copyrights not held by the publisher.




About the book
Hello, and thank you so much for selecting 'Medusa'. This story is the sequel to a book I have previously written and published in 2018 called; The Return of Maleficent. 
In that story, Sleeping Beauty's nemesis, Maleficent is resurrected by the three 'Good Fairies'; Flores, Fauna, and Mary for her knowledge on how to end the sleeping curse that is once more on the loose. Their combined magic proved to be too strong and ends up turning Maleficent from the dark queen of magic into the beautiful young woman she once was before she cursed the world and swore her revenge upon it by becoming one of the most powerful Sorceress in the world.
 Fauna, the green Fairy finds herself entrusted with this new Maleficent. With the help of her smitten bodyguard they embark on a magical adventure and learn that true love is still one of the strongest forms of magic...
 The reason I have chosen to write stories about 'villains' is because I never viewed them as that. I saw strong, capable women who had unbearable heartache in their lives and were never truly able to express their pain or truly grieve for their losses. They were made hard by society and it's rigor. They chose to be rebellious because it let them live a life with a certain freedom and independence they would otherwise not be privy to if they followed society's rules. I also admire the fact that these women were ahead of their time in fashion and in their approach to living in an intolerable world.
I hope by writing this book it also makes you ponder about the strong influence the #metoo movement would have had on these women and other women's lives. When Medusa had been violated would she have had to suffer so cruelly at the hands of  the gods? What if Maleficent hadn't had to turn evil and instead, was just a normal girl, living a quiet, peaceful life?
I hope through these books I can at least try to give them a different narrative. I hope we all can see that if these 'villains' can have happy endings then we should at least try and do the same.
 Never forget happiness and joy come from within. 
It is a free gift everyone deserves. 
Everyone deserves happiness not at the expense of anyone else losing anything, but at the expense of gaining everything. 
I hope you enjoy the story and thanks again for taking the time out of your day to read my books. 
Happy Reading !!
JG 



About Medusa

I was born of the sea but born a mortal.
I was once beautiful. I  had beautiful Golden hair, like the sun. Because I grew up during the rise of the Olympian Gods I found refuge and became a  devout follower of Athena. That was until my beauty rivaled her own. Poseidon, God of the waters, earthquakes, soil, storms, and horses. Athena's very own family member raped me inside of Athena's great temple in Atlantis. The goddess could only interpret her Uncle's dangerous act as a sign of offense to her very person. I had been her High Priestess and she deemed it all sacrilege. It is said that she became enraged with me and in that moment she turned me into what my name means, and all the rage and venom it carries, Medusa, "The terrible". Athena replaced my long athletic legs with a thick long snake tail. A large rattle sat on the tip of it. My hands were no longer delicate and soft. They were now cold, unfeeling, and surely unsettling. They were now made of bronze. My upper torso dark green and my breasts, shoulders and the back of my arms were  lightly dusted with scales. My luxurious sun colored hair was now writhing, living snakes and my bottom canine teeth had been turned into sharp protruding golden tusks.  No man could dare lay eyes upon me again, for if they dared hold my gaze too long my eyes would flash a bright, blinding light and they would be turned to stone instantly. 
I was only allowed to look at myself one time, by the goddess Athena, and that was at the time of  my transformation. After that, although very angry at the goddesses cruel punishment, my two sisters Stheno and Euryale along with myself continued to submit to the will of the gods by protecting some of their most valuable treasures. Together we guarded the golden fleece. I was the youngest, and strongest out of  my sisters. Together we kept our borders protected from the Atlanteans and the Amazonians.
It took Athena assisting that brat Perseus to overthrow me and my people all for the sake of his crusade of love and vengeance. After Perseus slain me, Poseidon in his grief and heartache sprang forth from my blood a pegasus and Chrysaor. After some time, Perseus grew power hungry using my powers and turning anyone who would dare challenge or defy him into stone. Until one day Athena came back for it. Perseus was distraught and did not want to give me to her. He begged to keep me, but alas it was to not be. Athena told him of the secrets my body possessed. She told him about my blood. How the one in my left arm is filled with a dangerous potion deadly to any mortal and that My right arm has life restoring capabilities. She gave him one vial of each and in exchange for  my severed head which she placed inside of her shield immediately and later used against her enemies. For centuries I was her weapon by force. I lay waiting for someone to help me, to save me, even the God who put me in this predicament but, alas, he has not. The gods no longer care. I will always and forever be Medusa, the Terrible...








900 Years  after the death of Perseus
Location: Far West; The Land of Night.
  
Past, Present, and Future incarnate.
The ones who were born old so many centuries ago. 
The Graeae. 
Chosen to be Guardians of the ancient Loom of Life until time itself stopped.
Darkness is their home and Time is their Master and over the centuries of time, since mankind's creation, they have heeded it well. Many heros and kings have come to their dark territory seeking their guidance, all wanting a peek through the very thin veil of time and into their future. They would warn them all about the consequences should they choose to pursue that course. Each man said the exact same thing. They would accept whatever consequence the gods gave. They had to know. Each time it ended badly. Each time it ended in blood and despair. For no one could see their future without altering time itself, and in doing so it sought it's homage through blood. That was the way of it. This was no magic. This was life and all its many veiled teachings.
Centuries had passed. The gods no longer roamed the Earth freely as they once had. The sisters territory of darkness had grown smaller and overrun by a forest all who entertained it would say it was haunted.  
Although they had been born old, in the beginning they all had such a zest for their duty and responsibilities as the Graeae.  Enyo, the one who represented all things of the past. Phephereda, the one who was all things present, Dino represented all things of the future. They had argued relentlessly over who should hold the all seeing eye, bestowed to them by their father once their feet touched the sand. Holding the eye gave each sister the ability to see everything clearly, their thoughts, visions and the world all came into an acute focus. It was like walking in the Sun. There was a catch however. The sisters could never hold the eye at the same time. Only one was allowed to hold it at a time but never for more than a minute. Each sister equally hated sharing the eye.
Time had seemed to ebb and flow through them. It had become a burden. Each day they took turns holding the singular eyeball. 
At the moment Phephereda was wearing it. 
The burden of being forgotten hung heavy on her shoulders. She watched as her blind sisters sat at the loom of life in the center of the dank, drab temple ruin. 
Enyo sat beside Dino who was gently cutting strings. Enyo was helping her sister gently pull away the excess strands she had cut. To any onlooker it would look like two decrepit old women tending to an antique loom with meticulous vigor. The truth was they were born to choose who lived or who died. The loom symbolized the world. A person's life was summed up to them as a single string on the loom. There were millions they had cut over time. She held onto the excess strands, straightened them and handed them to Enyo whose heightened awareness sensed one of the strands was different from all the others she held inside of her hand. She felt the strands life force hot inside the dead strands in the palm of her hand. A sensation she rarely felt.
"What do you have there sister?" Phephereda asked quickly walking over and grabbing the strand out of her sisters hand. 
She felt the special life force in the strand as well. It transmitted images of snakes and war. 
"It's a special strand sisters." She spoke aloud, then gently ran the padding of her pointer finger along the string. It felt rough and tattered. Not like the other threads they had cut away from the tapestry and loom of life day in and day out. "Hmmm..." she said as she assessed the thread more. 
Strings of life either cut or shed off. They did not tatter or unravel.  
"Let me have a look!" Dino hit Phephereda hard in the back of the head in just the right spot and the eye popped out. She caught it blindy and put it inside of her left eye socket. She stood up from the loom then and took the thread from her bumbling sister. She sensed it then and flashes of a beautiful woman with hair that looked like gold. "Ahhh, this sisters, is no mortal thread. This is an immortal. One like us."
They collectively gasped at the news. They had thought all of the Titans and Gorgons had died.
Enyo grabbed the thread out of Dino's hand and put the end of it in her mouth, tasting its essence. It was snake venom. She spit it out immediately, but it was too late.  The poison sank into all three of the sisters. They simultaneously hollered and moaned in excruciating pain.
"It's..."
"Medusa! The terrible !..."
The vile effects of the venom subsided and Dino gave it to Enyo.
"What does it mean sisters?" Enyo asked. Her tone full of worry for the things to come.
"It means she isn't dead." Dino supplied.
"She was never dead. She stays prisoner in Athena's shield now. The goddess has been abusing our poor sister."  Phephereda informed them.
"Not for long. Soon." Dino assured them.
"She will be reborn." They all repeated as they held hands. Letting the magic of Medusa run through all of them. They saw the infinite possibilities of her future unfold in front of them together...
 

Chapter 1

" For last year's words belong to last year's language And next year's words await another voice. And to make an end is to make a beginning." -T.S. Eliot
Seven hundred and thirty days had passed since Fauna had become Queen of  all things Fae, and Protector of the magical realm she had once called her only home. She wished she could say that this was a wonderful time in her life, but alas, it was not. It had felt unreal to her, like a dream she couldn't escape.
She had been so raw and shaken once she had returned back from defeating Maleficent's curse that she hadn't really thought about her duties as Queen, or her obligation to her people. She along with her sisters were well aware of  the deadly consequences that could ensue when they had set upon the journey of stopping the dark curse. She was lucky, though she did not feel like it. She had survived.She felt guilty and sometimes frustrated at the newly given role. Her body and mind had been badly battered and bruised from it all.  Jermaine, her bodyguard and now life-partner had been the one to teleport them both from Maleficent's castle back to her childhood home when it was all over with. He had made it there just in time. They had been deep within the enchanted forest in the magical realm. It was as if the plants knew Fauna was here and that she was gravely injured. They showed him the way to the hidden tree cottage. He had placed her once more inside of the large tree that had been her childhood bed. Once the tree closed Fauna inside he was able to breathe again. Recalling what her sisters had told him about the tree and its healing properties. He had seen it's magic work on her before firsthand. He sat there with his back resting on the large tree trunk and his gaze at the door. He did not move. He could not bear to leave her. It took seventy-two hours for her to heal. He did not sleep and only ate for sustenance. The tree opened, and allowed Jermaine to take her to her home in the mortal realm. He used the path and walked through the stone wall back into the cave Corvus had led them to earlier, and with Fauna in his strong arms he walked up the steep stairs, out of the dank cave and into the forest behind the palace. 
Fauna recalled none of this, she had been incapacitated, but she had seen it through Jermaine's thoughts and feelings. She recalled awaking in her bed at the palace, and the memory of all that had happened rushed back like a large tidal wave. The grief, and loss of her sisters crashed down upon her. She had screamed in agony. It had echoed through the halls causing the plants and foliage to wither and brown. The grounds looked like fall in May. Jermaine was there by her side. Protecting her and supporting her once more. His strength was her own. She recalled many sleepless days and nights beating his chest, crying uncontrollably asking the question "Why?" over and over again. He had never told her to feel a certain way or even to manage her emotions. He let her grieve in her own way. Somedays it would take thirty-five minutes for her to stop screaming and she would spend the rest of the day in Jermaine's arms in a fitful sleep. She had been exhausted. He had soothed her as best as he could. They were bound together, forever by their love for one another. He knew she felt safer when he was with her. It put her mind at ease. They didn't have to speak. With their bond he knew exactly how she felt. He kept his emotions hidden on the surface. She in turn felt his sympathy  for her. She wondered what she would have done without Jermaine looking after her and protecting her for all of these years. He had become her heart  along with her strength in all of the sadness.  All these months had passed and she still had nightmares about not being able to help either of her sisters. She still barely slept at night, for fear of having to relive the terror of what occurred that fateful day. Seeing her sisters hearts ripped out of their chests, and then turned to ash was seared in her mind along with watching Corvus pummel Jermaine. The sounds. The horrible words. It would play on repeat when she tried to sleep and echoed in her dreams when she was asleep. It all made her want to go deep into a forest and never return. A safety mechanism her body instinctively put into play whenever she felt scared. She knew that was not a choice for her at the moment so she pushed past it all and looked toward the greater good of her people. They needed her help. She couldn't do that if she couldn't pull herself together.  They still needed protection from the human world, as well as help assimilating to this era. When alive, Flores had an old fashioned approach to her views on the magical order and hated to change things. Fauna however, knew that change was always inevitable. Without change her people were as good as dead. After battling her own mind. It had taken her seven months to get it together mentally and prepare herself for the tasks at hand. She hadn't realized just how dependent she had been on her sisters until it was time for her to meet with the Fae council for their approval and further delegate responsibilities with her fae state officials. 
She had always been the one to undermine her sisters instructions, but there was no more of that. It was just her and her own agenda she felt would help her people. She felt more anxious now than she had fighting Maleficent. This work would be the hardest work she would ever have to do. She hadn't just lost her sisters, her people had just lost their Sovereign. They were grieving as well. She knew that some would expect her to fail, others would try to make sure that she did. Her first initiative had been building a school for the fae children on the grounds of the home. She had been informed that there were more than three hundred children on the grounds ranging in all different ages. She felt that was confirmation enough that she was doing the right thing. It had taken ten months to build the school. She supervised the project and helped from start to finish, something her sister, Flores never had any interest in doing. Her royal advisors and chancellors thought what she had done was unnecessary. Stating that fae children only needed education in the cultivation of their god given magical talents. Their ignorance frustrated her, and let her know they would always try to dampen her spirits when it came to enriching the lives of her people. Because she had not asked the Council's permission to build the school, but merely informed them. They refused to let the school open citing that the Princess had overstepped by not asking for the council's permission, since legally she had not been crowned she could not act as the ruling monarch. It was absurd. 
The people refused to listen to the advisors and showed their gratitude and appreciation for Fauna by leaving bouquets of french lavender and honeysuckle at the palace doorsteps. So many so that the stone stairs were covered in them. No one was able to use the front entrance of the castle and had to use the servants entrance until it was cleared, which took three days. Fauna had the maids put as many as possible in vases and spread them throughout the palace. They happily did her bidding. The people's sign of loyalty and homage to her was the deed that solidified her position as Queen. She had her coronation shortly after in the castle's chapel. Jermaine had been standing in the shadows, watching over her. This was something he had wanted for her since the day he had met her. She deserved to be Queen.
The day after her coronation Fauna opened the school as well as provided school uniforms and school supplies for all of the students. She also fired her royal advisors and chancellors. Truthfully, she had always felt they lead her sister astray. She never understood why she needed them when she had Fauna and Mary to help her. There was sure to be an uproar about it, but she refused to let it bother her. The school was a success. 
She knew she could not stop at just education. Taking a page from one of the greatest faes, she held a roundtable discussion and heard her people's concerns which were traveling while being fae, and what she could do to make it easier for them. Some spoke about their experiences on public transit. Others worried about their overall public/private safety. She began to worry about the creatures who were not under her protection. She was motivated and compelled to do something more. If her tussle with the great sorceress Maleficent had taught her anything it was that life was too short not to act on your gut. 
Fauna overheard the maids speaking about her when she had walked up to her apartment door. She never eavesdropped, but she wanted to know what was being said behind her back. Every bit of leverage helped at this point. She needed to make sure her people were happy with her. She took her hand off of the doorknob. She overheard them speak about how kind she was and how sorry everyone had always felt for her because of  the way the past Queen, her sister, Flores, had treated her for all those past years. They both agreed that Fauna had always been deserving of the crown, and had always wished she would become Queen. 
She waited a few seconds, took a deep breath, turned the doorknob,opened the door and walked into her sitting room like she hadn't just been eavesdropping mere seconds ago. Both maids curtsied and left the room. 
Fauna had never imagined living a life in which she was of one mind and not three. She had been born with Flores and Mary and thought they would die together. Sadly, that was not to be. No more duty, or obligations concerning her sisters. She no longer had to dumb down her intellect or fear her sisters harsh words in front of the royal court. She was only bound to the one she had chosen as her life partner. The one she loved. Her consort, Jermaine. He had kept her grounded and sane the last seven years. He gave her the strength to rule from a place of clarity and not guilt. For guilt was something she wrestled with daily. She had loved her sisters with all her heart. She missed them everyday, but that couldn't stop her from thinking about the bitterness and unkindness she had been shown the last few decades, and to hear it validated by the maidservants stung like a healing balm. 
Had she been a fool all of those years? Or had she wanted to play the fool? Her sister had been on the brink of becoming dark. How long had she known and did nothing about it? She never really answered that question for herself. The truth about one self could be scary. She of all people knew that. Instead, she continued to avoid those questions and feelings by digging deep and forging ahead. She wanted to make a  lasting change with all the displaced fae her team had been locating. The numbers were in the thousands now. Some of the magical beings were able to blend in with the public, but there were those who couldn't, and lived in the woods or remote areas primarily. They were considered anti-social by anyone's standards, and had a bare minimum of communication skills for the outside world. With the high volume of deforestation and colonization, a lot of these beings were losing their homes and sanctuaries. It was happening all over the world. The spectrum of need from her people was anything but small. Some needed financial assistance for their displacement, while others needed assistance with full relocation, and assimilation classes. 
Six months ago she had her men start building a housing compound on the east side of the castle grounds. They had worked quickly and were almost done with the entire project. It held twenty homes and four apartment buildings. She had also purchased large acreages of land  in every state in North America. The land would be built up and turned into a private gated neighborhood only accessible to the Fae community. That project would be done within the next year.
 Today her goal was purchasing all of the seats on three commercial flights, ten greyhound buses and two train rides. She was determined to help her people travel comfortably, with dignity and without fear. She knew she would eventually have to come up with a more permanent and less expensive way to accomplish this goal. Right now, she was just proud of herself and the accomplishments she was making for her people. She had saved so many of their lives over this very short amount of time. She was living a life she would have never thought possible. There was always that deep nagging feeling she wished her sisters were still alive to witness her success, and her happiness. They had lived their entire lives protecting kingdoms, and from time to time the world. She was continuing to do so, alone, and in a much more innovative way. The Fae laws they had written so many years ago had been in place for everyone's protection, but now with the depleting of their ranks as well as the habitats they needed to be changed. She wondered if this was why God had spared her life, because she was strong enough to survive on her own and help her people more than any other Fairy. She also wondered why her sister had been so hesitant to do any of the things she had  been implementing. It didn't matter now. What was done was done. Maleficent killed them and she had been left to pick up the pieces. There were times when she wished she could be angry at Maleficent, but her kind nature and pure heart would not let her. She loved all living creatures and her ability to empathize with all living things was also the root of all her magic and her pain... 


 Chapter 2
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing..."
Libyan Coast; Present day;
Fauna flew on her royal jet to a private resort situated off the Libyan coast. Fauna was scheduled to meet a Fae in that area the next day. This particular Fae was acting as a liaison and needed the I.F.A's help transporting a very special Fae. Fauna had been so excited about the fact that her people were communicating and wanting her help. Her Fae Immigration initiative was working. On this trip Fauna wanted  to personally assess this particular Faes needs so she could find an approach that would help them integrate into the human world, as well as inquire about any more fae in this area that may need her help. Jermaine had wanted her to send one of her Royal Ambassadors to do this. She thought he thought this trip was beneath her. He was truly only thinking about her safety, but she insisted that she had to do it. She enjoyed leading by example. It was also a trip to a lovely place, Africa. She had never been before, and couldn't wait to get there.
 The appointment had been set for 10:30 a.m. the next day, on the coast a few miles away from the resort. There were no concrete directions and would definitely sound confusing to any human. Fauna would be using a magic locator spell. Fae enjoyed operating in shadow and mystery. They never truly liked fully exposing themselves or their exact location. She had just finished a light breakfast Jermaine had made for her. Him and his team had arrived by helicopter a few hours prior to her landing. 
She stood up from the table.Her stomach made a horrible groaning noise and she knew the eggs and toast she had just eaten didn't seem to be digesting very well. Her stomach continued to gurgle and groan. She closed her eyes and inhaled deep breaths through her nose and slowly exhaled the pressure and pain she felt in her stomach out of her mouth. She swayed a little. After a few more seconds of the deep breathing technique she gave up. It was no use. She was going to be sick. She ran into the bathroom and emptied her breakfast into the toilet. When she was done gagging she immediately washed her mouth out and brushed her teeth. Afterwards she placed a cool rag on the back of her neck. Her stomach was empty but she still felt it lurching and trembling. She rested her hands on both sides of the sink to steady herself. She felt out of sorts. What was going on? She asked herself. She recalled eating nothing that would have caused this type of reaction. Maybe it was nerves she reassured herself as she sat down on the toilet. She had to get it together. This was a big day for her. She couldn't mess this up. She didn't know why she was so sick. She had never been prone to these type of symptoms. She searched her mind for the answer and it hit her then. She had totally forgot about it. She thought it had all been due to stress, but sitting here now thinking about how careless in the bedroom she and Jermaine were being in their union she knew then in her heart that she was pregnant. She said a silent prayer that their child would be healthy. It was a true blessing. Fauna was a pure blood fairy and Jermaine was only half fairy. Their chances of producing offspring had been less than ten percent. It had been heard of, but it was rare. The cases she had read about all ended tragically. Either the fairy mother died, or the baby did. Anemia being the main cause and since fairies had an immunity to iron it was rather hard to heal them. She didn't know if she wanted to tell Jermaine. He would be so happy. She didn't want to ruin that for him.  She walked out of the bathroom and headed back into the bedroom, still feeling extremely nauseous, but still managed to change clothing. She chose to wear a matte green bikini with a gold silk sarong. Getting dressed reminded her of  her sister, Flores, and her affinity for fashion. Flores had always dressed elegantly in big, flowing formal gowns, or smart blazers and cocktail dresses. Her pink jeweled tiara had been marveled by all the women and the envy of every fae pure blood. She smiled at the memory of her sisters fashion extravagance. Fauna, however, was the complete opposite. She preferred to dress like a bohemian beauty, but ever since she had been crowned that was not possible. Her royal stylist made sure she was presentable and polished. No more  worn, ripped jeans and cotton t shirts.  This trip provided her with a great excuse to dress as she loved because of the warm, tropical weather and she was going to take full advantage of that. She put her sandals on then and last, she placed her emerald tiara upon her head, completing her outfit.
 The Emerald was Fauna's foundation stone, signifying healing and balancing energy, and the wellspring of the emotions. The Emerald's energy is used to resolve blockages and to re-balance the heart, helping all things understand their own needs and emotions clearly. 
She looked at the clock it was 10:25 a.m. She took the gold sheer shawl that was hanging over the bed rail and gently put it over her head before stepping out of the hotel room and walking into the small town square. No one seemed to notice her in the slightest, and she thanked her lucky stars for that. She walked quickly through the square, out of the town, and down a small trail that led to the coast. Once she was there the wind picked up, making her platinum blonde hair with hunter green tips dance playfully around her. She felt her nausea decrease as the wind caressed her face. She walked further onto the beach, not really knowing where she was going. She had walked a half mile when she felt it then. She knew a fae was close by. She was about to turn around when she saw a cave near by. A light appeared inside of it flickering wildly. She lightly jogged in the sand up to the cave and went inside.  She removed the shawl from her head then and wrapped it around her shoulders. She did a full circle surveying the small cave that was fashioned into the rocks. It was seven feet high and five feet wide. She turned back around to the entrance and saw a gorgeous naked female with long brown hair walking out of the water. Fauna could see and sense that this was no ordinary fae. She was stunned at the absolute perfection she saw walking towards her from the water. The sunshine made her wet, naked body glisten and sparkle. Fauna was already enchanted by her. This was the being she was to meet, she realized. She tried to keep her eyes at eye level, but was flustered by the time the being reached her. 
"Greetings, Your Majesty." She said to Fauna.
Even her voice was rich with wonder Fauna noticed. What was she? Fauna wondered. 
Fauna smiled at her.
"Thank you for reaching out to me and meeting me. " Fauna said, knowing she sounded dumb. She had practiced saying that for a few hours and now it totally didn't fit the situation.
 She looked down and noticed there was a fire where there had been none seconds before.
"It is truly my pleasure, Your Majesty. I hope you can help me." She said with a certain sincerity that made Fauna even more curious about her.
"And who may I ask am I helping? " Fauna asked.
"It is I who is in need of  help." She answered solemnly.
"And who may I ask are you?" Fauna asked once more.
After she did she watched as the being snapped her fingers. She was instantly clothed in a gold swimsuit with pearl accents along with a floor length sheer robe.
"I am Athena, goddess of Wisdom and War, and I have much to atone for."
The tide crashed loudly against the sand behind them when she spoke her name. She knew it to be true. This was no fae. This was a god?

Chapter 3
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have."-Athena
Fauna was in absolute shock.
She was in the presence of a true goddess, but she still didn't understand how or why this was happening. Athena had just said she had much to atone for. What had she meant by that?
Fauna asked her then.
"What do you mean when you say 'you have much to atone for'? You are a goddess, surely your Will surpasses all. You are the goddess of wisdom. Everything you do is based on astronomical calculations and supernatural planning."
The goddess looked upon her. She smiled at Fauna and Fauna felt blinded by the beauty of Athena.She truly was otherworldly. 
"You are a kind and wise fairy." She complimented Fauna. 
Her sharp gray eyes assessed Faunas green ones, looking her up and down slowly, taking her all in. She continued when her eyes met her once more. 
"I can sense that it is in your nature. I can feel the empathy and love for living things of this planet coursing through your veins. I feel why your people chose you to be their Queen. I agree with every word that was spoken from your lips."
There was a long pause. 
"Some would say that I am prideful, spoiled and jealous. Just like my father." Fauna knew she was referring to Zeus. 
"My father has been missing for quite some time now." 
Fauna felt her sadness for the loss of communication with her father. 
She continued.  "Over the centuries I have won battles in my father's name. Conquered kingdoms and crushed my enemies beneath my feet. Never shedding a tear, or thinking twice for the opposition's loved ones, or the fate that awaited them after it was all over. Every stroke of my sword, every successful strategy I have planned, looking back on them now, with all the fighting and conquering over with ,along with the age of the greek gods long gone I have had much time to reflect on my life, and through that reflection I can say that there have been very few who were loyal only to me and? and loved me and not my powers. A beautiful spirit. Her name was Medusa. Daughter of the old ones, sister to the Gorgans. Have you heard of her?"
Fauna took a deep  breath. She was processing everything that had been said.  The Greek Gods were real and still alive. Medusa was real. This was all real. They stood in the cave as the fire roared a small distance across from them. Fauna knew some of Medusa's story and the major part Athena had played, but here, now hearing the way she spoke about Medusa Fauna did not get the impression of a jealous, vengeful goddess. Fauna couldn't help but to wonder if Athena had been in love with the Gorgan. That reason would fit for the sadness she felt emanating from her right now. She had a feeling this goddess would want her help. With what? Was her question. 
"Yes." Fauna answered. 
She felt foolish. She had actually thought she would be meeting a magical creature on this beach today, but instead she was face to face with  a Supreme Being who needed her help. She didn't know if she was powerful enough to help her. They were both looking out at the sea. It had grown dark quickly and the waves rolled and crashed on the shore. 
Fauna looked on as Athena turned her back to the scenery. She held out her right hand. A gold dagger materialized inside of it. She used the sharp blade and sliced the palm of her left hand. Her golden blood flowed and she placed her hand upon the stone cave wall. There was a flash of lightning and a rumble of thunder. The ground beneath their feet shook. She watched as the back wall of the cave grinded open. Fauna looked back at Athena and watched in awe as she walked forward into the second entrance. She stopped once she reached the threshold. Fauna knew that she wanted her to follow her. She complied. The hidden passageway was dimly lit and very narrow. They both walked hunched over while inside of it. Fauna was reminded of her husband when she had him accompany her to awaken Maleficent. He had been terrified. She recalled finding his fear humorous. She was feeling like him right about now and fully empathized with him. She also felt bad for laughing at his discomfort at the time. She would have to apologize and make up for it when she saw him later, hopefully.  Right now, she had her hands full with Athena. Greek gods were known for their trickery, as well as their gauntlets. Fauna just wanted to know which one she would have to partake in. 
They came to another stone door and once again Athena sliced her hand and smeared the golden blood upon the stone wall. It did as the first had and a large stone door materialized and slowly opened.
Once they both crossed the threshold the cave opened up. Fauna's breath was taken away by how well stocked and very large the cave was. She was surrounded by treasure, and not just any treasure. It was the treasure of the gods. Heaps of gold and exotic jewels sparkled and gleamed in the torchlight, making the cave seem brighter than it was. She slowly turned around, taking it all in and feeling it's vibrant energy course through her. It was unlike anything she had ever felt. She smiled and felt her magic radiating from the inside out. This was definitely a magical place. 
She noticed the different suits of armor situated inside of the stone wall making them look as if they were guarding this awesome place of wonder. 
Athena spoke when she saw Fauna admiring one suit of armour in particular, "Armour and shield  of  Achilles." 
Then she pointed to a gold helmet that sat on a red satin pillow in the center of a white marble pillar. 
"And that is the cap of invisibility." 
Fauna was amazed. "This is your home?" She asked, as she walked over to a huge bronze shield that appeared to be fashioned out of cowhides.
"Nay, this is a place my family keeps their trophies. More like a vault. We have them all over the world."
Fauna walked on until she saw another suit of Armour.
"This is yours?" She asked the goddess, already knowing the answer. 
The lightning bolts that were on the helmet and chest plate gave it away. Athena stood beside her then. Both of them looking at the immaculate metal.
"My father gave me this hours after he created me. I wore it proudly in every battle and I won. Later, he gave me something else. Something very powerful. A choice..." She trailed off then. 
Fauna felt it again. The goddesses sadness. This time it was a different sadness. The kind a heartbroken lover would feel. Athena seemed upset she had shown that emotion and it was gone in seconds.
She continued. "I did something I must correct and only you can help me, Fauna." She told her as she took a step forward and grabbed her shield from the display.
Fauna followed her to the center of the chamber where an ivory alter sat atop a large, glittery mound of gold. There was something on top of the altar. She couldn't quite make it out. 
Athena stood beside her, placing her arm on the small of Fauna's back as they ascended the gold laden staircase together.  When they reached the top Fauna was in awe of the sight she saw before her. It was the decapitated body of Medusa. Even in death her body still held a preserving effect. It was beautiful and grotesque at the same time. The snake pattern was unlike any she had seen and her large snake tail still looked deadly, even in her state. 
Athena had kept Medusa's body all these centuries. It was love. Fauna felt it. Athena was in love with Medusa. Whether or not that love was reciprocated, She had no idea. Her fairy senses hadn't picked up on that much, just Athena's. Athena shielded her mind quite well. Fauna was able to decipher her emotions and they all summed up to that big one. Athena was filled with regret about her family and the only true love she had. Fauna watched as she placed her golden shield with Medusa's head where it should have been on her lifeless body. Fauna saw Athena's  tears for Medusa. She spoke.
"It has been centuries since I have had a consort or a companion. Without that and the guidance of my father I feel so lost and alone. All this time roaming the realms with nothing and no one to fight has left my mind to wonder about things in my past. I might have acted on in haste out of my own selfish reasons and not for the greater good of humanity. Since my father's disappearance I roam the earth as he did when he was younger listening to the humans. Women, especially in this era are stronger than ever. I have a father who has seduced many women willingly or unwillingly. He is a powerful god. To be human and in his presence can be many things...I think about what he did in the past to those innocent creatures and to his wife, my stepmother, Hera. I hear the mortal women call to arms now, like a battlecry. It makes me proud of them. They must bear a burden and I realize Medusa herself had to carry alone. She was raped by my Uncle no less, and because of my godly pride and fear of both my father and uncle's wrath I chose to make a beautiful, loyal creature into something terrible. I turned the only thing that loved me into Zues's weapon for man's destruction. I turned her into a  monster! I had her defeated by a demi-god for my own gain. I was so damned selfish and self-serving! " Athena wiped her tears away then. 
Fauna hadn't expected the goddess to be this open with her. 
She continued.  "I have wronged her, and I must make it right. Whatever the cost. That is where you come in dear, Fauna."
"Me? I don't understand. You are a goddess. You turned her into that, surely you can change her back."
"Alas, it isn't that simple. I no longer possess those powers. My father took them away from me when he left Olympus. I need your magic wand and a drop of your blood." She said.
"And what then?" Fauna sked.
"And then Medusa is changed back into her once beautiful self. You let her live in America with you. Let her live a normal life. I just want to right the wrongs I have done. Maybe..."
"That will bring your father back." Fauna finished for her, already knowing. 
She nodded her head 'yes'. "This is the final one. It must work." 
There was a long pause.
"And if it doesn't?" Fauna asked again.
"Then at least I have given her something she never truly had. A life..."
Chapter 4
  "It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped..." Tony Robbins  
Fauna was not given enough time to make a thorough  decision on whether or not she wanted to help with the resurrection of Medusa. Regardless of her wishes, it would seem that Athena had already decided for her. The goddess was under the impression that when she met Fauna that meant Fauna was in agreement with helping her. She was a powerful fairy, but she knew she was no match for Athena if she ever displeased or offended her. She wasn't as knowledgeable about her temperament as much as she would have liked to have been this very moment. Her sister Mary would have been on that. She took a deep breath and found her inner center once more. She looked down at the perfectly preserved carcass. The upper torso was a beautiful coco complexion. Gold scales dusted her shoulders, along the sides of her neck, and the back of her arms. Her breasts were covered with circular plates made of gold. Her hands were bronze. She was adorned in gold body jewelry. Her bottom half had a beautiful hunter green and black reptilian pattern. It all seemed surreal. She was looking at the body of a legend. 
It was all real, and here she was, yet again, helping awaken a dark force for "good". Was this what her reign would be about ?  She questioned herself then as well as recalling the spell she had to use on Maleficent and the trouble it had caused them all. She realized she had not brought her items for casting magic.
 Athena had left her side, just now returning. She was holding the Golden Fleece. Fauna marveled at its beauty. Its golden strands shimmered in the light. Never in a million years had she thought she would see any of this in real life. 
Athena spoke to her then.
"We must release her head from my shield." 
"I... I don't have my ..." Fauna was flustered.
"Nonsense. You have everything you need for this. This is no spell. This is just divine intervention." 
Athena handed Fauna a golden goblet with ancient Greek inscriptions on the outside of it. She then lifted Medusa's right arm up and held it firmly in her grip. Using her pinky nail she sliced open the artery in her forearm. Black blood sprang free. It reminded Fauna of oil. Athena held it over the cup. Once it was filled half way she placed Medusa's arm back. She then pulled out her gold dagger and cut a small lock of hair from the golden fleece, dropping it into the cup as well. Last, she took Fauna's hand and sliced it open. 
Fauna cried out in pain. The cut was deep. Her blood flowed freely. 
"Put it in the cup." Athena demanded.
Fauna did as she commanded and watched as her bright red blood mixed with Medusa's.
"That is enough." Athena said. She wrapped Fauna's  hand in a white cloth.
They both watched the blood bubble. It shimmered when it was done. Fauna still couldn't believe what they were doing. 
"Now you must put the blood on my shield. It will unlock her from her prison."
Fauna swallowed hard then. She looked at the golden shield. Medusa's shocked expression frozen in metal. It was horrific. She took a few steps towards the shield. She knelt down, and using her free hand, dipped her fingertips into the blood. She felt an instant connection to the creature. Her energy surged through her. She did as Athena instructed and put the dark mixture on the shield outlining her profile and then pouring all of its contents onto it. The shield began to tremble. She stood up then,while wiping her hands on her sarong. She still held the cup. The trembling grew more intense until the entire inside of the cave was shaking. The shield suddenly stopped shaking and began spinning in a 360 degree angle faster than anything she had ever seen. It spun so fast that green and gold sparks shot out of it. She watched the shield begin to levitate. There was a loud popping sound. The room had stopped shaking and was filled with a loud rumbling noise now that sounded almost like a lion's roar. Fauna's heart was pounding out of her chest. The shield was gone. Medusa's head sat in its place.  
Fauna gasped in shock, horror and disbelief at what had just happened. 
Athena handed her the golden fleece then. 
Fauna held it, awaiting her next instructions. Both anxious and terrified of what was next.
"Place it on her." 
Fauna unfolded the fleece and  placed  it over Medusa's head and neck. It almost covered her entire body, with the exception of the large snake tail that hung over the altar and onto the gold.  They both stood there quietly waiting. Seconds later, the fleece glowed and shone bright, showing its eternal power. 
Fauna saw it, Medusa's tail was twitching. Then it  glowed and dissolved. her and transforming into legs. Her head and upper torso were still covered by it so Fauna had no idea what to expect. The fleece was still glowing. She could see Athena in her peripheral vision. She had no outward reaction. Finally, the glowing stopped. 
"Take it off." Athena commanded. 
Fauna complied and was once again taken aback by the beauty she saw before her. Medusa had been restored from her tortured fate. She no longer had black and green, writhing, living snakes for hair. It was long, flowing, luxurious and golden now. Her caramel complexion no longer held a green tinge to it and her eyes were no longer reptilian like and soulless. They were a bottomless aqua blue. The kind of blue one only saw on a tropical, sunny day. Her scales were gone and Fauna was able to appreciate her gentle, feminine features more. She was beautiful. She understood now why Athena and her uncle Poseidon, King of the Sea had been infatuated with her. 
"It is done." Athena announced. "I must go."
Fauna was somewhat shocked by that news, but had hoped the goddess would stay. 
"Thank you. Fauna, Queen of Fae. May my father, Zeus continue to find you in his favor." She touched her hands together and then she was gone. 
Fauna turned her attention back to Medusa, which was now sitting up. When she stood up Fauna noticed she didn't have any clothing on the bottom half of her body. She was reminded of Maleficent being half naked when she and her husband had found her, and she smiled thinking about it. She could at least say her nausea was gone, and she was grateful for that. Medusa didn't look the least frightened of Fauna. She was more curious of her than anything. Fauna immediately took off her sarong. She was able to wrap it around Medusa's small waist with very little problems. She wondered if getting her out of here would be hard.
"Hi. My name is Fauna. I am here to help you. Athena...goddess sent me. Come with me." She spoke in latin. It was rusty.
"C..co..come with me." Medusa repeated. Looking directly at Fauna's mouth. 
"Yes. Come with me. Safe...safety. I will take you to safety." She gently took her by the hand then.
"Safety." She repeated.
"Yes." Fauna agreed.
"Yes." She repeated.
"Let's go." Fauna said and began walking away. 
Medusa did not move from her seat.
Fauna tried coaxing her to move again. This time she got up. Fauna could see she was trying to will her legs to move, but it was no use. Medusa fell forward. Fauna caught her just in time before she fell to the floor. Fauna wrapped Medusa's left  arm over her right shoulder and around her neck. She slowly walked them both out of the cave in determination and silence... 


 

Chapter 5
  "Opportunities are usually disguised  as hard work, so most people don't recognize them..."- Ann Landers 
  
It took forty-five minutes to get back to the surface. Once they were out of the secret cavern the stone door to the secret passageway disappeared, and was once again just a shallow cave off of the deserted Libyan Coast. The fire Athena had made earlier was still going strong. Fauna sat Medusa down on a large piece of driftwood close by it. They were both out of breath and taken by surprise at how windy it had become, even in the small covered area.
Medusa's legs ached. A very unfamiliar feeling to her. It had literally been ages since she had lived, let alone had legs and walked.  It was hard for her to grasp all of this at the moment. Her mind was still trying to absorb her surroundings and what was going on. It was all so dream-like to her. She had no idea who this magical creature was. She wore a crown of jewels, her aura told Medusa she had a kind nature within her. She was once again beautiful, and barely wearing any clothes. Medusa looked down at herself, touching the gold sarong the stranger had put on her moments before. She lifted her hands up. They were flesh, and perfectly manicured. She could feel the heat from the fire on her palms. She smiled. She could feel again. She reached up then and ran her hands through her, long, beautiful hair. The snakes had been turned back into her natural, lustrous, golden, curls. She put her head in her hands and cried from the overwhelming astonishment and joy of the miracle of having her life back.
Fauna watched Medusa's reaction to having the curse of Athena lifted a few feet away in silence. She didn't know if Medusa was crying because she was overjoyed or sad. She walked over to the entrance of the cave. It was night. Her platinum blonde and green -ombre tipped  hair whipped behind her as she looked out onto the beach. She was pleasantly surprised to see that there was a large full moon that illuminated the beach, making the sand give off the appearance of sparkling like diamonds in the moonlight. She had to get back to town. Fauna looked back at Medusa who she found was looking back at Fauna. It was as if  they were studying each other.
 Fauna smiled at her then, hoping Medusa felt her kindness.
 Medusa smiled back. 
Fauna was happy that she was able to reciprocate the gesture. It gave her more hope for Medusa's future here in the new world and Athena's request.  
Medusa stood up then and stumbled backwards. 
Fauna rushed to her side and righted her. 
Medusa leaned her weight once more on Fauna. 
It was time to leave, Fauna thought. She made sure Medusa was steady on her new feet once more, they exited the sea cave just as they had the belly of the cave. They walked along the shore with the large full moon as their light, retracing Fauna's steps. They were about to climb the dunes Fauna had used earlier when they were taken by surprise by a bright spotlight from a helicopter flying directly above them. They automatically looked up. Seconds later when they looked back down there noticed that were surrounded by three muscular men dressed in black, standing in  a half circle in front of them, obstructing their path. 
Both were startled by the sudden ambush. Fauna noticed Medusa had forgotten all about her weak legs and instinctively stood with her feet apart, posed and ready to strike. Fauna wasn't frightened. She knew who they were. The men were apart of her security team.  Her husband was the head of all of her security. He also happened to be standing in the middle of the men who stood in front of them. The look on his face was emotionless. He was upset with her. She could feel it. 
He held up his hand and balled it up in a fist, giving the men his signal. They stood there motionless. He looked from Fauna to Medusa and back to Fauna.
"Your Royal Highness, we have been looking for you." He stated loudly.
Fauna smiled at his formality. His facial expression was still emotionless. 
"This is all a bit much.  Don't you think ? I was only gone a few hours Chief. " She smiled at him, using his official name title. She felt it then, a disconnection. Then she saw it on Jermaine's face. It was gone within a blink of an eye, but she saw it nonetheless . 
There was an awkward silence, then he spoke.
"Your Highness, you've been gone for forty -eight hours..."

Chapter 6
"There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors...." - Jim Morrison
 Jermaine took no time loading both Fauna and Medusa, along with his team of men onto the private jet they had charted to this strange place. The sooner they could get away from the creepy Libyan coast the better for him. Fauna had seemed so excited about this trip. Back at home she had been under extreme pressure to outshine her predecessor and in doing so exhausted herself, but impressed the council. There was no doubt that he was proud of her. She alone had a very special and rare magical gift. She had the gift of love and discernment. Any being, be it human or fae could bend to her will if she wished it. Though she never used her powers for that. She used her actions. When she had told him about this trip and what her plans were he had decided to do his own research on the area and the people. He found Libya to be riddled with news stories about African migrants being rescued off of it's coast, and the danger of Pirates in the waters. He had also done some research in regard to fae creatures inhabiting that area, and he came up with nothing, only mystic Greek lore. He didn't want to alarm Fauna so he did not speak of it to her.  The thorough research he had done was suppose to help him relax and not worry about what other precautionary measures he and his team would or wouldn't have to take, but it did none of that. His feelings were unsettled when it came to his wife embarking on this trip. Behind closed doors when they were alone in bed together they were equals. In their world she was his Liege and Queen. He would never challenge her actions publicly or in front of anyone else, but deep down this was one he wished he would have spoke up even more on. He had been worried sick from the moment one of his men said the gps locator bracelet he had gave to her for this meeting had gone offline. He sent a small team on the beach and they scoured it along with the nearby towns and villages looking for her, but it was no use in a matter of an hour she had vanished completely off of the earth's surface. Jermaine wouldn't rest or let his team rest, for that matter, until she was found. He never panicked. He kept a cool head. He knew panicking would only snowball his emotions and cloud his judgement. He could not afford that. Forty-eight hours later, he was about to leave and give up the search so his men could rest when he had felt her. That special telekinetic connection they shared was back inside of him. He honed in on the feeling and felt her presence was near. He quickly led his team back to the beach, where they had last saw her in the dark. He couldn't make out any of the figures on the beach walking towards them,but he knew it was her.He said a silent prayer of thanks. He had wondered who the beautiful stranger was she had with her. When he saw Fauna would not let the girl be assisted by anyone but herself he knew this was the one they had come for. 
 Medusa was still in shock. She had never been in a plane, let alone seen one before. Fauna helped and got her situated on the nearby sofa. Fauna smiled to herself, amused at the fact that no one would ever picture Medusa, the great and terrible being scared, or frightened of anything. But here she was, clinging to Fauna like a scared, frail creature. They sat down together on the leather couch. Fauna had made sure to fasten both of their seatbelts before they took off. Medusa had grabbed ahold of her hand and continued to squeeze it the entire ascent. She relaxed only a fraction once they were in the air after a few minutes and she felt no more turbulence. Fauna removed their seat belts when it was safe to do so and stood up to leave. Medusa was about to stand and follow her when Fauna stilled her movements by placing her hand on her shoulder and giving it a soft squeeze.
"No, you stay here. It's alright. You are safe." She spoke in Latin.
"I am safe." Medusa repeated.
Fauna smiled at her parrot-like behavior and smiled at how she mimicked her.
"Yes, you are. I will be back."
Medusa nodded her head 'yes' in understanding. 
Fauna walked to the back of the plane. She saw Jermaine standing over a table with two other men, talking. She stood in the entryway. Even before he was her husband Jermaine had taken  his job of protecting her very seriously. She loved him for it, among other things. When she caught his eye, which was a minute later, he dismissed his men. She took a step forward so that they could get by. Each bowed quickly before passing her and exiting the cabin. 
Jermaine walked from around the table and stood directly in front of it. He looked displeased with her. She crossed the small space between them. When she was standing in front of him she leaned forward, got on her tiptoes and wrapped her arms around his neck. He leaned his head down and gently pressed his forehead against hers.
"I'm so sorry I worried you." She whispered to him. 
Her fingers had worked their way into his soft hair on the back of his head. She loved to gently twirl it. He slid down the length of her until he knelt in front of her with his head resting on her abdomen. His arms wrapped around her upper thighs and buttocks. 
"I could not sense you...and I thought..." He trailed off. His pain was palpable.
"Shh..." She said as she stroked his hair. He looked up at her into her eyes. "You don't have to say it. I'm here. I'm fine, see. I'm here." She held his face in her hands.
"Yes, you are."  He answered as a tear slipped down his cheek.
Her tone and words seemed to calm him and she was relieved for that. 
"Please, darling, stand before someone sees you." She said.
They had been through so much the past two years. Their co-dependency derived from the loss and trauma they had experienced together. No one knew about his soft side but her, and she would prefer to keep it that way.
He stood then. 
"Fauna? Is something going on with you?" He asked her, referring to the mental bond shared between them. "What is wrong?"
Fauna turned away from him then and took a seat by the window. Jermaine followed her and sat in a chair in front of her. 
"Thinking back on this, maybe I was a little overzealous." She admitted.
"In what way?" He asked.
She slipped out of her sandals then and placed them beside the chair she sat in.  She continued.
"In the sense that I overlooked pertinent clues, or maybe I was just rushing. I was so happy to be getting out of that palace. Even when my sisters were alive and Flores was queen I still championed for all of this. This was my first official International mission. I thought it would be easy. I would be on a secluded beach. Meet a Fae. Introduce myself. Tell them about what amnesty we could provide for them. Big win for the I.F.A. and myself." She leaned back in her chair then. Worry now laced her brow. She went on. "There was no Ambassador there. It was all a ruse to get to play on my ego so that I would show up." Long pause. "It turned out to be Athena."
She looked at him then. 
He looked confused. 
She said nothing, just stared back out of the small circle window into the clouds. It only took a few seconds before Jermaine spoke.
"Athena? The Greek goddess?" 
"Yes, that very one. She told me...things..." She trailed off.
"Like?"
"Things about her life, and wanting to make amends with those she has wronged. I must commend her for wanting closure, but it's been hundreds of years. She also admitted that her father has disappeared."
"Wait a minute, her father? You mean Zeus, King of  the Greek gods?"
She nodded her head 'Yes'. "I'm not sure if she wanted this because it's the right thing to do after all of these centuries, or if this is the last attempt to regain her father's attention."
He said nothing.
She continued, "She made me resurrect something... a Gorgan." She admitted.
"What the hell is a Gorgan? Sorry for my language."
"It's quite alright. Gorgans are warrior women, creatures who once waged war on the people of Atlantis as well as the Amazonians. There were only three, sisters. I woke the third. The last. Medusa."
 "Like snakes and turning men into stone Medusa?"
She just looked at him then.  
"Wait a minute." He shot up out of his chair and walked into the front cabin where their guest was sitting. She was unaware he was watching as she rummaged through the large basket of pretzels and tried to figure out how a magazine worked. He walked back in the cabin and stood by the doorway. "So that creature in there is Medusa?" He had a sarcastic smirk on his face.
She knew he had thought the same thing she had when she had helped her get on the plane. She was not 'terrible', 'mean', or 'ugly'. She seemed the opposite. Curious and a tad shy. Fauna smiled humorously at him.
"This is not funny." She said as she smiled at his coy smile. "She was entrusted to me by Athena...before she vanished. She requested that I help Medusa start a new life at our home. "
They were silent for a few minutes. 
She knew him well. Her husband always thought things through with logic and science. He did not understand magic. He had not been raised around it. She was sure he was trying to find a logical explanation for all of this, but there was none.
"Are you sure you're alright?" He asked her again.
"Yes." She answered him.
Another long pause. 
"There is something else." 
"What is it?" He asked. He thought it would be something else about Medusa.
"I'm pregnant." She replied.
"Are you sure?"
"Yes. I have missed my cycle for the past two months now. I just thought it was because of the stress of all of this, but then I got sick before I left for the beach to meet...." She trailed off.
He was standing in front of her seat now smiling down at her. She stood up. He embraced her, picked her up, and swung her around the cabin. She let out a loud giggle and so did he. The tension they were just experiencing as well as the worry dissipated with the happy news. They had done something that they had been told would never happen between a halfling and a full fairy. He gently let her feet touch the floor and when they did he captured her lips with his and sealed  their happiness with a kiss...


Chapter 7
"We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations..."- Charles R. Swindoll 
 Everything  in the world was so different now,  Medusa thought.  From the humans style of dress to the landscape of the world. Nothing felt or looked the same. Even Earth's magnetic pull seemed different.  When she had been a young girl she had always felt like her life was synchronized with the Earth, moon,Seas, and stars. When she had been guided out of that cave by Fauna and felt the moonlight on her face she realized then she no longer had that special gift, and she wondered was it because her heart had ceased to beat for so long. When she had been 'The Terrible' these lands had been treacherous,dark and jagged. Mortals feared her as well as the area she had protected. It's only constant was darkness and neverending storms. Athena's favorite temple had once dwelled where she had been cursed to roam. A temple she had been bound to protect by the goddess herself while in reptilian like form.  None of that was there any longer. It had long disintegrated and fell into the Sea. 
The male species of this world seemed the same to her, aside from their style of dress that seemed to showcase their muscles. She was not accustomed to being looked upon for more than two and half seconds by any man before he would be turned to stone. She had never thought about it or even realized it until now, when one of them openly stared at her for the entire airplane ride, looking like a lovesick pup. She didn't know what to think about any of the things she was experiencing. It was all sort of just rushing over her. She had also been completely taken aback by the contraption they were inside of now. Fauna had called it an 'Airplane'. It reminded her of the boy called Icarus. At first, when she had laid her eyes upon the beast she thought the nice fairyling had tricked her and was going to feed her to a giant metal monster, but the Fairy had reassured her every step they took on the tarmac, up the small airplane stairs, and into the machine that she would be safe, and that this metal bird would keep them safe as they traveled to the fairies home. She had peeked out of a window and saw that they were in the heavens. She marveled in awe at the simple beauty of the clouds that resembled a soft billowy blanket. The sunset made it all seem surreal. In her day people could only dream of this, but now she was with these magical beings doing just that. The handsome looking man wearing all black sitting on a chair across the room from her was still  just staring at her with that same smile on his face. It had been a literal lifetime since a man had looked on her face let alone like her. The moment felt like a dream. Was she really alive? Or was this heaven?

 Her mind seemed overwhelmed with all of this new information, sights, and sounds, but the more time she spent sitting and watching the guard openly stare at her the more her thoughts became cohesive. She had pieced her past together in her mind and was slowly piecing her present. She knew she was known for being intense, deadly, and insanely violent.She had been a mighty warrior. She had lived and fought with women just like her. As her mind went to those words she realized She had always delighted in being known as  'The Terrible' Until she was held prisoner and turned into a beast by the one she had loved. That was no longer the case now, or was it ? She was feeling an array of emotions. For centuries her only emotion had been hopelessness. Waking up in her cave and seeing the beautiful fairy girl hovering over her was not only startling but surprising, though not as surprising as being transformed back into her true form by the one who had done it before.
She had worn the same golden snake encrusted bralette since Athena had gifted it to her for her loyalty. While enroute to their final destination Fauna had changed herself and Medusa's clothing. Fauna now wore a simple, long-sleeved, mint green, floor length dress.  To medusa, Fauna looked the part of queen in her new clothing. Medusa now wore a hunter green, high waisted, maxi dress. Her gold snake jewelry still adorned her upper arm and wrists. An emerald and gold snake medallion hung between her perky, caramel colored breasts. Fauna had let her see herself in the mirror when she was done dressing her. Medusa still couldn't grasp the realness of this moment. She wanted to trust in what she was seeing, but her heart told her to use caution. Centuries of despair and heartbreak were being demolished in hours. She lifted the skirt to look down and admire her feet and legs. She had on white sandals. " I have legs" was all she could seem to think about. Something inside of her knew she was in the future. In a different time and place. She began to feel the elation and happiness, something she hadn't been able to do in a long time.  With each passing second she was soaking up more and more knowledge of the world, and her surroundings. She listened to the language everyone around her spoke, and watched their facial expressions and mannerisms. They definitely weren't Greek. She smiled at that thought. They were not Greek and surely knew nothing of who she was and what she had been forced to do all those centuries ago. She wondered if humans were still weak and chaotic in their ways, or if centuries of evolution had helped them more than the gods they had clinged to. She touched her cheek and felt the warmth of her elegant looking hands. She couldn't recall the last time she had wanted to admire herself. Now that she was, she did not feel elation, but rather remorse. The painful events of her life flooded her. Fauna had turned her back towards Medusa, who sat at the vanity and began talking to the male they had encountered on the beach. Medusa was sure he was Fauna's lover or mate.She could tell by how they looked at one another. 
She felt her heart begin to race. Her body was shaking. Flashes of her begging for mercy to the angry goddess Athena flashed through her mind. The memory was still so vivid to her that she screamed out.  She had not expected the trauma she had endured in the ancient past to imprint itself and to manifest in such an intense way. Once she snapped back to reality she saw the fairy woman kneeling beside her with her hand on top of hers. 
Fauna had been speaking with Jermaine about the various security measures he had implemented at the palace as well as the International Fae Association in preparation for their arrival while she was sorting through a pile of clothes on the bed in the cabin. She was looking for something  a little warmer for Medusa to wear. The change in climate would be a drastic difference for her. Fauna also felt like she was back to her normal self. She hadn't feel sick like she had at the resort. She and Jermaine were startled by Medusa's abrupt scream. Fauna quickly turned around and saw her clinging to herself as she sat on the small stool in front of the Vanity.  She could see Medusa wore the exact same expression as another creature she had helped. It was a mixture of pain and fear. Fauna quickly walked over to her and knelt down beside her. She saw Jermaine's facial expression in the mirror as well. She also noticed he had his hand on his gun that was in its holster in his right hip. She knew it was a precautionary measure. She had more faith than he did in the goodness of all living things. This reminded her of Maleficent and her sisters, and how the spell had made her scream exactly like Medusa had. Flores had despised anything she couldn't understand. That thought made that memory even more sad and Fauna wished she could stop her mind from going back there. She put her hand on top of Medusa's then. That motion seemed to snap her out of her episode. 
Medusa recognized Fauna, then looked around her surroundings. It was like she realized she was back on the plane. Fauna's supernatural empathetic nature  helped her discern everyone's needs better. Right now, assessing Medusa, she knew the main thing they needed was to break the communication barrier. She knew Medusa only spoke Ancient Greek which was a blend of Latin and Attic Greek. 
She held on to both of  her trembling hands and spoke the words then, "loquens iustitiam adnuntians recta!  Medusa? Can you understand me?" 
Medusa was still looking down at her lap. Her trembling had calmed to a bare minimum and Fauna could see tears forming in the beautiful creatures bright blue eyes. Fauna felt it all then. Medusa's heartache, her loss, her grief, her confusion. They seemed to wash over her in waves. Unlike anything she had felt in any other being. Fauna stood up then. Medusa did the same. With her hand still in hers, Fauna  sat down on the chaise. Medusa sat down beside her. She wrapped her left arm around Medusa's shoulder symbolizing the safety and protection she was offering her, though not quite sure how long it had been since Medusa had ever been touched in a loving manner. A few quiet minutes passed when Fauna barely heard her voice when she spoke. It was little more than a whisper.
"I'm sorry."
Fauna smiled faintly. Her language spell had worked perfectly. She silently thanked her lucky stars. It had been forty years since she had used this particular spell.
"Are you alright?" Fauna asked her tentatively.
Medusa looked at her then. Fauna thought she was more beautiful than Princess Aurora. She felt herself drawn in to those sparkling blue eyes of hers. They looked ethereal to her. It was as if the sea itself was trapped inside of them. She understood why Athena and Poseidon had fought for her affections. Fauna blinked and looked away, then looked back at Medusa.
"I am. This is all so strange, and I am afraid." She admitted.
Fauna never thought she would ever hear such a fierce warrior admit their fears so openly.
"What was the last thing that you remember?" Fauna asked her. 
"Fighting a demi-god. Then, nothing. I opened my eyes and you were there. I am not who I am supposed to be." She concluded as she looked down at her hands.
"And who are you supposed to be?" Fauna asked already suspecting her answer.
"I am supposed to be 'The Terrible'. " She said with a budding confidence.
"Why?" Fauna asked, delving further into Medusa's mind.
"Because..." She really hadn't thought about that question. Why was she supposed to be content with being a monster? She asked herself.  "Because that is my god-given duty. We all have duties, do we not? The crown that sits on your head lets me know you have a duty to all magical creatures. Mine was to stop any mortal man from stealing the gods treasures."
Fauna was silent at her explanation. It was an answer her sister Flores would have been happy to accept. It was logical, forthright, and an expected answer from a frozen Greek monster. Fauna, however, being an ethereal empath knew it was a systemic answer bred into her from all the pain and manipulation she had suffered at the hands of the gods and the time she was born in. No being took pleasure in being a weapon for another. Medusa's life had not been her own.  Athena had made her promise to help change Medusa and give her a happy life, but in order to do that Medusa would have to first admit her life back then was anything but perfect. 
After a few moments of silence Medusa spoke again.
 "Why am I here?" She asked.
Her question had been straight forward and Fauna wished her answer could be that cut and dry. She knew from past experiences that making promises wouldn't help in this situation. She took a deep breath, looked Medusa in those blue eyes of hers and told her the truth.
"My name is Fauna. I am what is known in the magic world as an Elder Fairy. I am the oldest of my kind.  I am 412 years old, much younger than you. We are in what is called the 21st century. The Anno Domini era. In this century magical creatures like us are called Fae. There aren't many of us left. You are correct. I am Queen of Fae. Being Queen means I swore an oath to protect my people." She put her hand gently on top of Medusa's. "You are my people." 
Medusa moved her hand, breaking the physical connection.
Fauna continued. "Athena found me and had me awaken you."
Medusa turned to her upon hearing Athena's name. "And what about this?" She asked referring to her physical state.
"That was Athena's wish as well."
"Her wish? " She scoffed then. 
Fauna felt it then, her anger for the goddess and something else. It was heartbreak. It all seemed to bubble in her. She tried to touch her hand but Medusa sidestepped the gesture once again. 
"Yes." Fauna Answered. "She wronged you. She wanted to make things right."
Medusa was looking at herself in the mirror once more. She admired her beauty. She had her father's complexion and her mother's eyes and bone structure once more. The green dress Fauna chose for her to wear showed off her perky breasts, and her slender waist. Fauna sat on the chaise, while her lover quietly stood beside the bed watching Medusa's every move. Fauna and Medusa's eyes met in the reflection.
"If this is what the goddess Athena wishes, then so be it."
Fauna smiled at her answer. She watched as Medusa mimicked her and smiled back. 
"Thank you." Fauna said. "Me and Jermaine will leave and give you your privacy. I have some last minute details I must tend to before we reach my home. If you need anything, please let me know." With those words she stood up with the assistance of Jermaine and exited the room. 
Fauna had felt Medusa's  anger when she had brought up Athena, which confirmed there must be more to her legend than was told. The heartbreak and rage was palpable and it had frightened Fauna. Jermaine did not trust Medusa. Fauna also had a feeling that Medusa had been holding back about what she really wanted to say about Athena, but years of indentured servitude had made her fear the goddesses wrath. She would help her deal with her anger and start her life over. Everyone deserves a second chance, she thought and Medusa was no exception....


Chapter 8
"Most good relationships are built on mutual trust and respect." -Mona Sutphen
Fauna and Jermaine had quietly exited the bedroom and left Medusa alone. The Queen wanted to give her the space and rest her weary mind needed.  
When Medusa had let out what Jermaine could only describe as a screeching battlecry it had taken every ounce in him not to interfere and come to his wife's aide. He felt her telling him 'no' with their special bond. He knew she was a powerful Fairy, but he still was very worried about his wife's safety. 
Fauna's senses couldn't deduce if it was a dark stain left on his aura from the fierce battle they had endured with Maleficent, or if it was the current situation at hand that made him so overprotective. Either way, she felt that she had to address it. She was a leader of thousands, but to her soulmate she was and always would be his equal. 
He was sitting in a seat beside her, flipping through a gun magazine, pretending it held interest for him. He hadn't said anything else to her since their first encounter on the aircraft. She placed her hand on top of his hand then . 
He put the magazine down on the small console table in front of them and looked at her. His spirit said so much to her. 
"We will be alright, my love." She reassured him.
He leaned his head back onto the leather seat and closed his eyes.
"Will we, Your Majesty?" He asked her. He looked at her then. The expression on his face was calm, but his emotions were anything but that. 
"Of course. We always have been, and we always will be." 
"Your Majesty, if I may speak freely?"
She looked around the cabin. They were alone. 
"Jermaine, please stop calling me that. I am your wife, soon to be the mother of your child. You know you can." She smiled at him. He still did not smile back.
"This plan worries me." He confessed, exacerbated with having to conceal his emotions about the choices she was making that endangered her life and the life of their unborn child.
Fauna was confused by Jermaine's words. She let him continue.
"Fauna, I have bit my tongue long enough. This has gone on long enough. For the sake of our unborn child and everything you and your sisters have built I think we should get out of this. "
"What are you talking about? Jermaine?  I'm not in any danger, nor is our child!"
"Are you serious? " He shot up out of his chair at her naïve comment then. He was standing there looking at her as if for the very first time. 
He was frustrated with her. She could feel that emotion emanating off him pretty strong. It's aura seemed to swirl around him. She could see it. She could not sense anger towards her, but there was anger. Frustration lived in the same vein as anger. 
She stood up then. 
He took a deep calming breath and spoke again as he paced the cabin they occupied. 
"Fauna, I have loved you for a very long time? Probably since I first started working for you. I never thought in a million years I had a chance to find love. I found it with you, and I never thought a pure blood fairy would choose a mixed blood like me, but you did. I have always admired your tenacity, your intelligence and your compassion for all living things. I was too weak to stop your sister from manipulating your compassion to make you carry out her orders. I thought my love would shield you from her nastiness and protect you, but it did something more, it strengthened you and together we were able to save our world and the human world. Usually when fairies love each other and bond they have a proper wedding ceremony."
She felt another one of his emotions. Hurt. How could she have been so stupid as to forget about their official wedding ceremony? His words hurt like a sharp steel blade. He was speaking from his heart, so she let him continue.
"I knew we weren't the typical couple. That we would never be the typical couple... My duty will always be to protect you and to love you until the day I die, and yours is to your people first and foremost. I come last. I understood and understand it now, more than ever. That is why I never said anything, but when I heard you say nothing about planning a celebration or wedding ceremony to your advisors, or the counsel I was hurt. I said nothing. I swallowed my pride and took that insult. Your Majesty wanted to push through with building the school. When Your Majesty continued pushing forward with this Fae Immigration Policy I supported it. I was by your side. Now, here we are, leaving Africa with a monster on board that has godlike strength and you want me to believe that she is kind, sweet, docile and will not harm you or my men. Your empathy for all living creatures has blinded you  and if I must step in for your own good and safety, then that is what I will do."
Fauna walked toward him and reached out to touch him. 
He backed away and quickly left the room. 
Fauna let all of his words sink in and knew he was right. Since she had stopped the curse she hadn't stopped working. She felt badly now. Jermaine had been her only support through these stressful, trying times and all he wanted was a public recognition of her love. Their wedding ceremony. Something that she could have done when she had been crowned, but she had only been thinking of herself. She had been empathetic to everyone's needs but his, what he was asking of her was valid. Fauna was unable to stop it all from happening. The wheels were set in motion. She had seen and felt Medusa's emotions and what she needed most now was for someone to trust and respect her. She knew she had to make this up to Jermaine. He had the patience of a saint when it came to her. He was right. She had become blinded by her empathy and duty to the Crown. 
They didn't speak for the remainder of the trip. Jermaine stayed in the front cabin with his team while she stayed in the middle cabin. Fauna made sure she was still the only one to escort Medusa off of  the plane and into the black SUV that awaited them. She explained to her in great detail what was going on.
Medusa was grateful for it. They had left a place called an 'airport' and were in a 'car' and on the way to Fauna's home. Medusa had no idea what that looked like. The coast and the forest had been her home. They drove down a gravel road lined with tall poplar trees. They stopped in front of a large black iron gate. Medusa watched them slowly open. Once they did the vehicle was once again in motion. 
"It's so different here." Medusa spoke aloud.
"Yes, it is. We live in a place called 'the midwest' inside of a country called The United States of America. This land is more green than the sand and sun you are accustomed to in Africa. You will come to love it here. It is safe and we are like a family here. We look out for one another and we have fun." Fauna patted her leg in a reassuring manner. She could sense her nervous apprehension.
Medusa felt Fauna's sincerity. She was grateful for this kind-hearted Fairy who was helping her transition into this very strange and new world. She was always kind to Medusa. Kindness was something she rarely experienced in her past life. Sitting alone on the plane gave her time to reflect. She hated that she had that outburst with Fauna and was not able to express her true feelings about Athena. She would try it once more.
 Minutes later, the car pulled up to a large gray stone castle. It was beautiful, Medusa thought. She had never seen one like this before. 
"Remember, Medusa, you are safe here." Fauna reassured her. Seconds later the vehicle door opened for her. 
Medusa noticed it was Fauna's lover who assisted them out of the car. There was a red carpet that went from the open doors of the castle to the car. Fauna waited until Medusa got out of the car with Jermaine's assistance. She walked alongside of her past the people who were lined up to greet them. She noticed Fauna smiled at every single one. It was no fake smile either. It was genuine. Medusa had counted thirty people outside. It didn't stop once they were inside of the castle. Everyone was waiting at attention for Fauna. Medusa marveled at their loyalty and love for this being. They walked up the grand staircase past some questionable artwork Medusa wasn't too sure about, and into Fauna's private chambers. Medusa marveled at the beauty of the decor. She felt it's majestic magic. 
Fauna opened the doors to her office and they both went inside. Medusa saw the wall to wall bookshelves and large Mahogany desk. She was in awe at the gold-gilded ceilings and the artful decorations. It was all so different than what she had been accustomed to which was pillars and stone caves. By the looks of it mankind had evolved nicely from feathers, wax, and scrolls. 
Fauna walked over to her then.
"Are you alright?" She asked her.
Medusa nodded her head 'yes', making Fauna smile.
"Good. Soon I will give you a tour of the grounds, but right now I must see to some of these papers."
"I would like that. I think." Medusa admitted as she walked over to the bookshelf on the opposite end of the room.
There was a light knock on the door. A petite Pixie came inside, standing in front of the opened door.
"Hello Greta." Fauna greeted her.
Greta took a few more steps inside.
"Your Majesty, the Royal Physician is here as you requested."
She hadn't requested him. Jermaine had. She knew this would put his mind at ease so she indulged him. 
"Send him in." She replied seconds later. 
The woman curtsied, took a step backwards, and left the room. 
Seconds later, a the Royal Physician by the name of Adler entered the room.
To Medusa he looked ancient. His style of clothing was familiar to her.Long robes and the smell of frankincense. He looked from her back to Fauna. He bowed then.
"Your Royal Highness, I am here at your leisure."  
She smiled at him.
Medusa hadn't spent too much time with Fauna, but she already felt a certain level of trust and respect for her. Her subjects genuinely loved her. She could see that this woman was her savior.
"Yes, Adler. Thank you for seeing me on such short notice. I think I am ... Er... expecting." She confessed shly.
Adler beamed at her.
"I believe congratulations are in order, Your Majesty, but first let's run some tests just to be certain."
"Adler, this is Me...Melissa. She is from Libya. She is apart of our I.F.A. Immigration initiative program. She will be staying here indefinitely."
He nodded is approval.
"Shall we begin, Your Majesty?"
She nodded her head 'Yes'.
Alder then opened up the black pouch he carried with him  and sat it on top of her desk. 
Medusa looked on in curiosity. She hadn't been around anyone for centuries. This was quite a lot for her to take in, but she wanted to take in as much as she could. 
Adler took out a small pair of scissors made of gold. 
He looked at Fauna then.
"For the pregnancy confirmation I must have a lock of Her Majesty's hair as well as her signet ring."
Fauna took off her emerald ring and slid it in his direction. She then walked over to him and stood directly in front of him then she turned around. She heard the sound of the scissors as he cut a small lock of her hair from the nape of her neck.
"Thank you, Your Majesty. Now, If Your Majesty would lay down on the sofa."
Fauna did as he suggested. She saw him thread her ring onto her lock of hair. He held it and let it dangle over her belly. At first, it did not move. Seconds later it began to swing back and forth like a pendulum. The swings then turned into a strong circular motion, then it quickly turned back to pendulum swings. 
Fauna didn't know what was going on. She looked at Adler who didn't seem the least concerned. After a few more seconds he stopped the dangling ring by holding it inside the palm of his hand. Fauna sat up then.
"What is the prognosis Adler?" She asked.
"As you stated earlier Your Majesty, congratulations are in order. You are indeed pregnant."
She smiled at the news. She would have a family of her very own. 
"Is it a boy or a girl?" She asked as she stood up from the couch and walked back over to her desk.
"It is both, Your Majesty."
"You mean I'm..." She trailed off.
"Yes, Your Majesty, is having twins."
She was shocked by the news. She had been expecting him to say she was with child but she hadn't expected him to say she was carrying two. It truly was a miracle. Half-blood and pure blood fairies generally were not able to procreate, and even when they did the children never survived. She felt the worry Jermaine had been having on their trip to Africa return. This time it was her worrying. Her life and the lives of her children were in danger.
"What can I expect?" She asked once she got over her initial fears.
"In all honesty, Your Majesty, In all two hundred and fifty years of being a fae healer I have never dealt with a mixed blood pregnancy, let alone twins. You are aware a pregnancy produced by a halfling and a full blooded fairy are rare and dangerous." He admitted.  "Do you feel strange in any way?"
She was going to lie and say 'no' but spoke freely. 
"Yes. My mental bond with Jermaine has weakened. It's like he can no longer read me. I can read him some of the time, but it feels diluted. I was deathly ill with morning sickness a few days ago."
"What about Your Majesty's core powers?"
"I feel no change in them and used them recently. Nothing out of the ordinary happened."
There was silence. 
He had seemed to be taking everything she had said into consideration.
"If anything changes please, don't hesitate to send for me. I must confer with my fellow healers. If it is alright with Her Majesty, once I have researched this and have sufficient information we will convene again."
Fauna smiled at him.
"Thank you Adler, I greatly appreciate this."
"It is I who should be thanking you, Your Majesty. You have relocated me and my family to a great sanctuary. We have a new home. We can never repay you."
"oh, pssh you already have." She smiled at him then. They walked together as she escorted him out of her office.
"You have two babies growing inside of you." Medusa asked once she had shut the door, and walked back over to her.
"Yes, I do." Fauna smiled and put her hand to her abdomen. "What a pleasant surprise. I'm sure Jermaine will be thrilled. I suppose I should start planning our wedding ceremony before I get too large to do anything." She smiled at the thought of her midsection growing ripe from their children.
"You will be a good mother." Medusa admitted as she smiled at her.
"Thank you for saying that. I hope so. I had never thought I would ever have children of my own but now..." She trailed off, not wanting to think about all she had lost in the last few years. "Anyway, Let's get you settled. Tonight we celebrate and feast."
"Why?" Medusa asked her.
"We have so many things to celebrate. Your arrival, along with a few hundred more displaced Fae for starters." She said.
Her smile was contagious Medusa thought. It was always genuine. She found herself smiling not really having to make an effort. It was strange to her. She had never met a being quite like this one. So pure and vulnerable. She felt her fondness for Fauna growing stronger and that made her want to protect her. That need was ingrained in her since her parents had created her. To fight for a cause and protect that cause at all cost. That had been her life even before she had been turned. This was a new world. She could be her new cause. Fauna interrupted her thoughts.
"Come, I will show you where you will be staying." Fauna took her by her hand and guided her through the large seventeenth century style castle. 
Medusa had never seen one and was blown away by its structural beauty as well as the gold gilding, marble pillars and cream rugs that covered the floors.  They walked down the long corridor until they stood in front of  two very large gold doors. Fauna smiled at her and opened them. It led to a bedroom that was large and elegantly decorated with gold and mint green colors. The centerpiece of the room was a large canopy bed. It reminded her of something Venus or Hera would have slept in. Fauna brought her to stand in the middle of the room and then began pointing at things and describing them to her.
"This is all yours." She waved her hands around. " I know that when you were a child you lived in Atlantis. When you dedicated your life to Athena and swore loyalty you looked after her Temple in Greece."
Medusa felt her mind flashing to each place Fauna had spoke of. Her childhood had been filled with a longing to explore the world in its beauty. She had always wanted to be more than the daughter of the ancient gods of the Sea. She had wanted to live on the land, among the mortals. She had wanted to be a warrior. A fierce reckoning that no one could stop. The goddess Athena had offered to teach her the ancient art of fighting in exchange for her servitude as her high priestess in training. She had been overjoyed at the opportunity, but her father on the other hand, Phorcys, was not. He had wanted her to marry Poseidon and forge a great alliance since she could remember. She recalled sitting on the shore looking out at the large Sea she called her home. She had often times been sad and conflicted when she did so. It always seemed like she was constantly choosing between Athena and her duty as the child of gods. She snapped back from her flashback. Fauna was still speaking.  
"This is rather soft. I think you will enjoy the contrast immensely." She walked over to the Large white  Louis XIV style armoire and opened it to show her the clothes that were inside." Here are your clothes...Unless you don't like them, then of course I will make sure you have what you need." She then walked past her into the area that had a fireplace and twin floral print couches . " I know, it's horrible wallpaper. I didn't pick it out. My sister did when she was Queen. She had horrible taste." She admitted.
"Thank you." Medusa repeated.
"You're welcome. I made a promise I intend to keep." Fauna said as she smiled sweetly at Medusa.
Medusa drank it in. It all seemed so familiar, yet foreign to her. The world had changed so much yet stayed the same. The people were a little smaller but much cleaner. She was free. She would have to get accustomed to having living quarters for herself instead of being trapped in that cave full of treasures. She still couldn't believe this was all real. She was waiting for Athena to come forth, laugh in her face and tell her it was all a sick dream. An ugly reminder of what she would never get to be, but it didn't happen. Thoughts like that seemed to invade her mind after every hopeful thought. It was a vicious cycle. She knew her body was acclimating itself to being renewed by whatever magic they had used to revive her. She wished the initial shock of the gift Athena had given her would wear off. It still clung to her. She just wondered when or even if it would happen. She did not like feeling powerless. She had to get a better grasp on her situation. 
"Thank you. This is very kind of you." She said to Fauna.
Fauna smiled warmly at her once more and said, "Come, now I shall give you the full tour. I'm glad you like your room."
Medusa couldn't help but smile back at her. 
"I don't want you to feel like I am bombarding you. I just want to make sure you feel welcome, and sometimes a person feels more welcome when they know their surroundings."
"I feel very welcome. Thank you. You are a beautiful being." Medusa genuinely meant that and it felt good to her to be able to acknowledge the positive character attribute she saw in Fauna. "I see why Athena chose you as my guide." She was about to say more when there was a knock on the door.
"Enter." Fauna said loudly. 
An Elf named Alwin came forth, bowing low in front of them. Once he was done he stood at attention, awaiting the Queen's acknowledgement.
"You may speak." She informed him soon after.
"Your Majesty. You are needed for the finishing touches for the festivities tonight."
Fauna quickly walked over to him then and looked back at Medusa.
"I will be fine." Medusa reassured her, having heard that expression earlier.
"Alwin, please make sure that Breena assists Melissa this evening for the celebration."
"Yes, Your Majesty," he agreed.
"Until tonight then," Fauna said to Medusa smiling back at her. 
Fauna was overcome with joy that there was no tension or anxiety between them. It felt like they were growing a mutual trust and respect for one another. She was pleased with this small, but significant step. She left the room and felt Alwin following her out, making sure to close the large gold doors once more. 
 	Fauna knew that tonight would be a good night for everyone to be able to let their guards down and relax. She hoped it would be the same for her new ward, even though it had only been a little over twenty-four hours since she had been re-animated. Tonight's celebration was a welcoming party  in all the new refugees honor. She wanted to celebrate the massive progress she and the I.F.A had made in the short amount of time. In the past three months alone, she had received over three hundred Fae refugees in her own home able to peacefully coexist under her protection. She had been shocked to see small fae children displaced, and frightened for their lives. It had seemed to make the burden of wearing the crown weigh a little heavier and the task she was carrying out even more important. Their safety and survival rested on her shoulders. Her people were everything to her. She finally reached her chambers. She smiled at her receptionist and the guard that stood by the door. They immediately stood and curtsied to her as she walked past them and into her office. She was surprised to see Jermaine was standing beside her desk. She saw that he had changed from his all black look he had adopted on their trip to Africa back to his stylish designer suits. His face had a small amount of stubble on it. He looked at her then, smiled,  and then spoke.
"We need to talk." He said simply.
Fauna switched her thoughts from Medusa and the pop up party she was throwing and focused it on her husband. She had thought tonight would be good for everyone, but seeing the surly look on his face she wasn't so sure...








Chapter 9 
"Let happiness be your guide."- Anonymous
Medusa had gotten acquainted with Breena, who worked  as a personal stylist for the fae that lived here. Her job was to make sure they all looked as human as possible. Fauna had sent her to Medusa to assist her in picking out an outfit.
She had been looking through what Fauna had called her 'closet'. A Pair of brown hessian boots had caught her eye when Breena knocked on the door and peeked her head inside of her bedroom.
"Come,"Medusa replied loudly, smiling at her upon her entry.
Breena did as she was told, making sure to close the door behind her after she was inside.
Medusa stepped away from the Armoire and closed its doors. 
She was able to get a better look at Breena. She was much shorter than Medusa. She was 5'3. Her features were delicate and petite. She could see the pointed tips of her ears through her white hair that had lavender purple tips. She wore it pulled back. She almost looked human. She wore clothing similar to Fauna. She wore a purple peplum knee-length dress with a lavender blazer and matching Lavender pumps.
"Greetings." She said, hoping to put the little Fairy at ease.
"Hello." Breena said smiling. "It's a pleasure to meet you?  Melissa. Her Majesty sent me to assist you with tonight's attire, and anything else you may be needing. If I may be frank, the dress you're wearing right now is gorgeous."
"Gorgeous? What does this word mean?" Medusa inquired.
"It means beautiful...Very beautiful." She corrected herself. 
Medusa saw the  fairies shock at her for not knowing that particular word and what it meant. 
"Let's see what her Royal Highness has put inside of there for you. " She said as she pointed to the armoire.
Medusa stepped aside then. 
Breena stepped forward and opened the dark, wooden doors. She was doing the same thing Medusa had been doing, but she was doing it with more intent. Medusa really had no idea what she was looking at. Her attire had been her emerald and gold serpent necklace. When she was young clothes were not an issue, and when she had served Athena she had worn a simple white robe and headdress. When they had to fight she wore custom made armor Athena had gifted her.  Fashion had evolved and morphed and shocked her in a good way. 
"Ah, here we go." She heard her say, and watched as she pulled out a few pieces from the closet. She shut the doors then went over to the couch and placed each piece delicately and flat, making sure that she was able to see them clearly. "Tonight is casual, so no formal wear."
"Casual..." Medusa used the word and it felt foreign to her ears.
"Ah... Yes casual you know.." Breena could see by her facial expression she didn't. "Oh, well maybe you don't. Where are you from Melissa?"
"I...I am from... The far West." She informed her.
Breena nodded as if she knew what Medusa was talking about when in reality she didn't. There was only one West and she didn't know how far she meant. She shrugged it off and continued.
"This will look very good on you. Let's get you dressed."
Medusa agreed with her words and they went to the task of getting her dressed appropriately for the festivities.
****
Once Breena had gotten her dressed to her 'chic' standards and explained to her the difference between casual and formal wear she realized she was more of a casual fashion type of female. 
Tonight, she chose to wear khaki cargo pants, a white, crisp t-shirt underneath a black leather biker jacket. Brown suede knee-high boots adorned her feet. She felt comfortable in her attire and hadn't expected it to look or feel as good as it did when she had appraised herself in the mirror. Breena had put her beautiful golden hair in a single braid that rested on her right shoulder. She hoped it would keep the staring to a minimum. She recalled men and women alike always marveling first at the beauty and fullness of her hair and then her self. She took one more glance at herself in the mirror and they exited her bedchamber. 
They walked down the long, pristine corridor. Then rounded the corner and walked down the long grand staircase Medusa recalled using earlier. When they reached the bottom Fauna and Jermaine were waiting for them. Medusa noticed Jermaine wore an outfit similar to hers, except his leather coat was brown and so were his shoes. Fauna looked absolutely beautiful to her. She wore an off the shoulder fitted cotton shirt with a long, white, cotton skirt with brown cowboy boots. Her tiny waist was showcased by a large brown leather belt. Her platinum, green tipped hair was in big loose curls that framed her slender face. She chose not to wear the jeweled crown she had wore when they had first met. In its place was a crown made up of a variety of beautiful fresh flowers. She recognized a few. The rose, the honeysuckle and the passion flower. She was becoming accustomed to seeing that smile of hers, and wasn't disappointed when Fauna smiled at her. It was as if  the sun shone on her when she was greeted by Fauna and that smile of hers 
. She couldn't help but to smile along with her. She walked forward to her. Breena took hold of her forearm.
"I apologize, Your Majesty. We didn't mean to keep you waiting Melissa, you must bow to Her Majesty." Breena instructed Medusa.
She saw Fauna's face and then her husbands. His expression was dangerous.
She did as Breena had instructed her.
She bowed, then spoke. "Your Majesty."
"Thank you, but it's quite alright. You are not late. Breena, you have done a lovely job getting her ready. You may go join the others."
"Yes, Your Majesty." She said, then turned into a little ball of blue light and flew away.
Fauna saw the look of shock and wonder on Medusa's face. "She is a blue fairy." She informed Medusa. "They have a wonderful ability to shrink and grow when they see fit. She has been in my family's employment for centuries even before my sisters or myself. She loves Fashion. I fear she takes her job too seriously at times."
"I understand." Medusa said. 
"Come on, we have a feast to attend!" Fauna said merrily taking her by the hand and walking them out of the castle. 
It was dark outside, and the chill in the air was minimal. Fauna guided her to the very back of the castle. There was a stone path that was lit by different styled paper lanterns. It gave the trail and forest a magical, ethereal look. The trail seemed to wind and become more narrow with each step they took. Then she heard it, drums far off. 
"It is beginning. We must hurry." Fauna said, and with that she picked up her skirt and ran towards the sound. 
Medusa was caught off guard at her sudden gesture and before she could think about it Fauna was a tiny green speck in front of her. She turned around and saw no sign of Fauna's mate or anyone else for that matter. She hadn't ran in centuries. The thought terrified her. She had been so weak and helpless when she had first used her legs. Even now she was still getting accustomed to them and wearing shoes, but standing here alone feeling the strength in her legs, she knew she had to conquer her fear and do it. She took a deep breath and ran as fast as she could. It felt awkward at first putting one foot in front of the other quickly pushing forward on her own momentum, but she soon got the hang of it and within seconds she was neck and neck with the green glowing orb that was Fauna. She heard Fauna's laughter somehow and found herself laughing at their mock race. She turned her vision back to the trail and saw they had made it to their destination. She stopped and felt herself sliding and before she knew it she was crashing into someone. She heard a loud roar of laughter. She had never felt this kind of embarrassment and was thankful she never had. 
"Are you alright?" She heard a masculine voice ask. 
She looked up and saw she was in the arms of a male stranger who wore dark spectacles. She could see his strong features and with the exception of the glasses she assessed that he was a very handsome older male. That made her feel shy, another emotion she was uncertain of because she had never felt that. "My apologies. I can't see very well, so I cannot tell if you are alright. Please tell me that you are." he asked again.
"Y-Yes, I am fine. Thank you." 
With those words she righted herself.  She thought the crowd would disperse but it did not.  She saw their eyes. They all stared at her and she felt the same emotion she had felt on the plane ride here. She felt self-conscious. She didn't know what to say or how she should act. It had been so long. She looked around trying to locate Fauna. She found her surrounded by small children. They all seemed enamoured by her. Their smiles shining like bright stars in the night.The queen of magical beings was kind. Her actions continued to reflect that. She noticed there was still a small crowd watching her, but the vast majority had spread out and were now enjoying the festivities. She looked around and saw the large fire in the center of the camp. Lanterns surrounded the perimeter. Purple heather and primrose filled the fields around them. Their scent filled the air. It calmed her. She decided to walk past the crowd and explore further. She found four old men sitting at a table playing a game of some sort. One man got angry at another man and turned him into a frog. She walked further still and saw an elderly lady turning a spit. The woman uttered some words and the flames licked the meat on the roaster. A pair of Fairies ran past her laughing amongst themselves. The music she had heard was made by a band of three men. One was playing the drums. The other was playing guitar, and the other man played an instrument she had only seen Athena play. It brought back memories of she and the goddess hunting together. After they had caught a rabbit or two Medusa would clean and prepare the animal while Athena played her instrument. She had come to cherish their alone times together. She had always felt lucky to find favor with Athena. She was snapped back into reality and saw they were all smiling at her. She smiled back. Smiling had become so easy to her in the short amount of time she had been awake, and it was all because of Fauna breaking her curse. She still couldn't get over the fact that no one was running in terror from her or worse, being turned into stone by her. The man played the familiar instrument and the beauty of the sound made her want to dance, instead she swayed side to side. She closed her eyes. This night felt much like a night she would have shared with her lover before she had been transformed. She opened her eyes when she heard Fauna's voice. She turned around and walked back in her direction. 
Fauna was standing atop a large rock a few feet away from the fire. Everyone knelt except Medusa. Fauna nodded at her and she bowed low to her then. 
"Rise." Fauna commanded.
They all did.
"Tonight, we gather in celebration of our survival. Some of you have come from afar. Some of you have been forced out of your ancestral homes. Some of you were betrayed by a mortal and sold on the black market. We all have survived through the hardships, and together we will survive even more. Tonight let us celebrate like we did in the old days, with full hearts, large stomachs and magic!" That comment got a laugh from the crowd. "Let us drink for those who we have lost and for those to come. As long as I  am Queen I assure you we will all be protected and free to be ourselves. "
There was an uproar from the crowd.They felt her genuine love in that speech. She looked to the night sky then and multicolor rose petals gently fell from the sky and showered them. The music started up once more and the festivities continued. Medusa watched as Fauna once more began talking to another group of children. In her time children were treated like adults the moment they could hold a spear in their hands. 
"Did you just arrive here?" She heard a familiar voice ask her. 
She looked to her right and saw him. 
It was the man who she had bumped into when she had first arrived at the camp. He had been so quiet approaching her she hadn't noticed he had walked up on her. That was only something the gods had been able to do to her. She was keen on knowing her surroundings and listening for footsteps of trespassers. She shrugged it off and chalked it up to being caught up in Fauna.
"Yes. I did." She answered him 
"Where from?" He asked.
"Home." She answered plainly, remembering Fauna wanted her to keep a low profile.
"We are all away from our home. We have made this our new home. Thank the gods for Queen Fauna."
"The gods?" She asked, suddenly skeptical of the blind man.
He turned his face towards hers.
"Yes, the old ones." Just when he said that a little girl ran up to his side.
"Uncle, they have horse shoes. Can we play a game? please?" She whined.
Medusa smiled. She thought the little girl was adorable.
"Yes. Nanette we can." He agreed. Then he asked her, "Where is your mother?"
"Mama is making bread." She answered.
"Ah, we should let her know then, yes." 
"Yes." She nodded.
She looked at Medusa then, assessing her from head to toe, and somehow deciding she instantly liked her. 
"Can she play with us to?" She looked back at him and asked.
"I'm not sure. She may want to get better acquainted with other people, Nanette." He chided.
"Can't she do that with us? Everyone loves to play horseshoes, Uncle." She informed him.
She saw the exasperation in his face at the little girl, who was unrelenting in her stance. She felt compelled to intervene.
" I will play this game with you."
"Yay!" The little girl burst into a sweet fit of laughter as she bounced up in down in place.
"I'm so sorry." He said to her.
"Really, it is alright." Medusa reassured him.
"Let's go!" The little girl exclaimed.
She grabbed them both by the hand and led them through the crowd of people. They stopped at a large tent. The little girl ran inside and seconds later ran back out.
"Momma is fine." She took their hands once more and continued leading them to their destination. 
It was further away from the festivities. 
There was a large sand pit with two Iron posts  placed a few feet apart from one another.  A small sized group of people had already gathered in the area and were playing it. Their roars ebbed with the thudding sound of the horseshoe hitting the sand. She smiled. It would seem that time had actually been good to her. She knew how to play this game. It was something she had enjoyed when she had been a child. Her anxiety from feeling like an outsider was dissipating. These beings were similar to her. They all had a gift and they all wanted peace. After Athena's  curse had been placed on her she was never able to enjoy any emotion except those of rage, hate, anger, revenge after that. Being able to be in this moment and feel elation, happiness and the ebbing desire to run was surreal to her. She could actually process this moment and enjoy it. 
"Are you ready?" The little girl smiled at her.
Medusa nodded her her 'yes'. 
They walked over to the unused sand pit. Medusa and the little girl both gathered up the the horseshoes that were neatly stacked beside the iron post. 
"Uncle, it is your turn." She said as she put a horseshoe inside of his hand.
He took hold of it and she gently guided him to the line. 
He threw his horseshoe. It landed a few inches away from the bar. They heard the crowd and Medusa realized they were watching them. 
"Now it's your turn, Me-Melissa." The little girl said.
"You know my name?" Medusa asked her puzzled. She didn't recall telling her what her name was.
"Nanette!" The blind man snapped.
Medusa looked from the blind man back to his niece. 
She looked sad then.
"Sorry, Melissa. I didn't mean to do that. Sometimes I Just can't help it."
"Aye, you're a nosy one, you are." He said, his tone light now.
Medusa stepped to the line as he stepped backwards. 
She threw her horseshoe and it landed perfectly around the post. There was applause from the audience. 
"My turn." The little girl said.
Medusa stepped back and was standing by the man. 
"Melissa, I'm Tuno, by the way ." The man said.
"Tuno." Medusa repeated as she watched the little girl throw her horseshoe and it landed on top of hers. There was another cheer from the crowd. 
The little girl turned around then.
"It's a tie between you and I. " She said.
Nanette handed her another horseshoe, and she wondered where this little girl was getting them from. Medusa threw it again and it landed perfectly around the iron pole. The little girl frowned.
"You're good." She said to Medusa.It didn't sound like she was paying her a compliment.
Tuno laughed outright then, and she was suddenly reminded of someone. Poseidon. His laugh sounded similar, rich and hearty. She knew it couldn't be true. He had been banished to the sea by Zeus himself. She was safe on land.Safe in the era. She shook the uneasy feeling off. 
" I apologize. My niece has grown use to playing a blind old man, and as you can see I am not very good at this game."
"I don't want to play anymore." The little girl said. She was pouting.
"Don't be that way." He told her.
 She ran off back in the direction of the festivities.
"She has run away." She informed him.
"Dammit." He muttered under his breath.
She walked over to him and together they walked back.
"I apologize for her poor behavior. She doesn't like to lose."
"It's alright. She is a special girl."
"Yes, she is, and so are you."
"Why do you say that?" She asked, caught off guard by his comment.
"Where my sight lacks, my other sense makes up for it. You were able to beat Nanette."
She was confused. "I don't understand."
"Nanette is special. She was born with the gift of favor. She never loses, but tonight, your will was stronger than hers and she could not manipulate it."
She understood then. They were back among the party. It had picked up considerably. The music was fast paced now. The smell of cooked meat and bread filled the air along with laughter. These beings were merry and Medusa found herself genuinely smiling at the miracle of magic...

Chapter 10
"I wanna, live,sleep and wake up .. by your side."-Anon

It was well into the wee hours of the night when Jermaine finally escorted Fauna to their tent close to the camp grounds. She didn't want to stay at the castle on this night.  Jermaine knew Fauna enjoyed the forest and felt more at home here so he didn't mind indulging her. Once they were inside the beautifully decorated tent Fauna wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him passionately. He felt the spark they shared become intune once more and he could hear and feel her desire and love for him. Their bond was strong, and felt as if it were strengthening still. He let out a low moan of desire. She had caught him off guard. Her lips were so soft and sweet. He felt his willpower caving in. His strong arms wrapped around her slender waist and began moving them downward along the curve of her firm buttocks until he gave it a squeeze. She let out a moan then. It was like they were on fire for one another. She couldn't get him undressed fast enough. Her sudden primal urge to mate with him was overwhelming. She swirled her tongue in his mouth as he flung his shirt off and started taking her top off as she unbuckled both of their belts. When they were both out of their clothes he kissed her shoulders and neck. Her skin was so soft to him. She pulled him down with her onto the tent floor atop of her and kissed him passionately once again. Her legs automatically wrapped around his waist. 
"Please..." He heard her say. She was panting with need.
 He wasn't sure if she spoke or not. He knew what she wanted. It was the same thing he did. He entered her in one swift motion. They both cried out in pleasure. 
"My love, I've missed you." He shared with her through their mind connection. 
"I've missed you too. I'm so sorry..." She said aloud, tears streaming out of the corner of her eyes.
Their lovemaking was veracious and much needed. All of the stress, frustration and anger they had felt seemed to melt away with each thrust and touch.
Forty-Five minutes later they lay there on the ground tangled in each other. Fauna felt dreamy. It had only been seventy-two hours since they had last been together, but it had felt like weeks for both of them. They had come to rely on one another in a way only bonded fairies could understand. She felt at peace for once, since they had argued on the plane. He had been right, she thought as she lightly ran her hand along his muscular chest.
"I'm sorry." She said once more, breaking the silence between them.
He used the hand on the arm she was laying on to massage her scalp when he replied.
"I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have raised my voice. I apologize."
"There is no need for that. You have been my rock and you are free to express yourself. Earlier today I saw the physician and he confirmed that I am pregnant, with your children."
"Wait? Did you just say children? We are having twins?" He looked at her then.
She sat up on her elbow and smiled down at him, placing a kiss on his lips. Afterwards he let out a low playful groan that made her smile. He grabbed her then and rolled her on top of him.
"I'm so happy! I'm going to be a father. Twins!" He kissed her hard then.
He felt it. A faint feeling of fear pricked his happy bubble.
"What's wrong?" He asked her, knowing it was Fauna.
"The physician says he has never dealt with a pregnancy like mine before. This is a high risk pregnancy and the chances of survival for me and the children are slim."
There was a heavy silence.
Jermaine didn't want to believe what she was telling him. He wanted to have hope in this situation. They both deserved this type of happiness. 
"Then it is settled." He finally spoke. " I will take over watching Medusa and you will slow down on your royal duties until the babies come."
She looked shocked at his words.
"Darling... I...I can't just stop my royal duties, not with so much at stake. We have so much more progress to make."
"Fauna!" He exclaimed.
"What? Jermaine, you know I have no choice. Athena entrusted Medusa to me. Someone has to check all of our compounds before we can start moving some of our people into these gated communities, and who will plan the wedding ceremony? Jermaine I just can't."
He looked at her then. 
She was a true leader. She wanted to make sure her people's needs were met before her own. He knew she was right, but he worried about her even more now. Athena had entrusted her to be Medusa's ward, but that didn't mean he couldn't help. The wedding could be handled by someone else. He knew he wouldn't win this argument so he would let it rest, for now.
"Can you at least promise me that when the babies start to show you will slow down. Your health comes before anything else. I don't want to lose you, Fauna."
She kissed him on his lips then.
He heard her voice in his head whispering sweet words about her love and happiness because of him by her side. 
She broke the kiss.
"I promise." She said aloud. "Now, where were we." She smiled and gently began moving her hips back and forth over his groin. 
He smiled at her brazen gesture. She leaned down and kissed him passionately. Jermaine quickly recalled where they were and went back to the task of pleasuring his wife throughout the night...



Chapter 11
"Gardens say slow down, look around you, Believe, Hope."- Zoraida Rivera Morales

 The Garden of  Hesperides
Athena had never been one to be ruled by her emotions, due to how she was created, which was directly from her father's forehead and formed into being. Love for someone other than her family had never occurred to her until she had met Medusa. Love had never been an emotion she could relate to as easily as her aunt Aphrodite, who used her love powers to manipulate mortals into doing her bidding. She had taken the task of having an open conversation with her about love between mortals, titans, and gods. Athena being one who loved knowledge of any kind always entertained her. They would often talk about heartbreak and mistakes of the heart. The last 72 hours had been the most emotional hours in all of her immortal life. In the past, her life had always been a strategic game to protect and serve her father. She had been surprised at her own decision to interfere in history by assisting the Queen of Fae in awakening Medusa. It was a decision based on emotion more than it was on her usual logic. She knew that now, looking back on her decision. It was something she felt she needed to do because it was right. She walked quickly through the tunnel, her goddess aura radiating gold, giving off enough light for the path she was on inside of  the bowels of the Earth.  She had been officially summoned here by Hermes for the convening of the Council of nine. She had not expected it. Her father was missing and left no trace. She walked on until she arrived at a gold, dome-shaped elevator. The cave seemed to sparkle with flecks of gold and diamonds embedded inside of the rocks.  The glass doors of the elevator opened and she got in. It quickly closed and began moving deeper into the Earth. She had only been to this garden when summoned by her father. Those times, it had been above ground and a secret, sacred meeting place where her father along with the chosen few he selected were able to create and think freely within the beauty of the garden. It was a thing of inspiration. Her father had created the first mortal woman, Pandora, here. Athena had assisted in the plan as well, sealing the fate of Prometheus and all of mankind. This place  was called 'The garden of the Hesperides'. 
Zeus made sure to hide it well after the Trojan War began. She recalled him wanting to destroy it completely, but couldn't. His wife, Hera beseeched Poseidon for his aide in the matter and he caused a great earthquake in which the garden was swallowed by the earth whole. It was untold history, something they chose to omit from the books for fear man would become greedy and seek the magic the Garden and start war once more. It was now protected under the Earth's many thick layers and thriving as it had above ground. 
The elevator stopped and the door opened.  Even after all these centuries Hesperides' garden still took her breath away each time she laid her eyes upon the magical place. She saw his three daughters holding their baskets and gayly picking fruit. All three simultaneously waved at her when they saw her walking towards them. She waved back as she walked along the green mossy trail that led to the center of the garden. She saw them all then ; Aphrodite, Apollo, Demeter, Hephaestus, Hera, Hermes, and Poseidon.  
Aphrodite was standing by the garden's pond watching two beautiful white swans swim gracefully. She smiled at their beauty. She caught a glimpse of Athena, and her smile turned to a frown.  Athena walked on and saw Apollo, Demeter,  and Hephaestus. They were lounging on chairs on either side of  her father's sister and wife, Hera. Hermes was serving her wine as was his usual position these days. She watched as Poseidon sat on the edge of the fountain with his hand in the water making slow circles when he looked up at her and shook his head with a smirk and a look of derision. 
Hera walked quickly towards her. Her eyes were shooting daggers. When she reached  Athena she tried to slap her. She saw it coming and grasped Hera's wrist tightly before it could land on her face. She watched and felt her struggle to free it, but Athena pressed harder. When she heard the goddess wince in pain she let her go, making her stumble backwards. Poseidon stood then and caught her. 
"Your father is not here to save you, Athena. You have broken the law. You must be held accountable
"As you can see Hera, I have no need for my father's protection. And who will do what you speak of? " She spat, and laughed in Hera's face. 
"How dare you! I am the wife of Zeus. Queen of Mt. Olympus, and all that He has created. That includes you. " 
She shrugged off Poseidon's grasp and walked towards her then with a renewed strength. Her self confidence shining like a beacon within her . 
"Your father thought you could do no wrong. I know better. We know better. you aren't brave or wise. You are careless and selfish."
"Selfish! I did this for someone other than myself or my father."
Hera scoffed.
"I did!"
"You went against your father's wishes. He has specifically told us to not interfere in the mortal world. You have done this thinking there would be no consequences. How utterly childish of you."
Athena felt her anger begin to bubble. 
Hera snapped her fingers. They were no longer standing by the front of the garden. Now seven gods sat in front of her. She had hoped by doing this her father would return but he hadn't. She was feeling like maybe he was dead and never returning. She would be judged and punished by them, just like Prometheus. She would suffer a similar fate. It had been worth it, she thought. She had righted all of her wrongs for the past hundred years. They had seemed like a never ending, daunting task, until she came to this one. The final one, and it would also appear that this was a much bigger injustice, because now she stood before them on trial. 
Medusa had meant more to Athena than she cared to admit to anyone. The truth was that she had been in love with Medusa since she had laid eyes upon her in Atlantis when she had been training with her father. Of course her Uncle had his eye on her as well and became allies with him. She had loved her then, and she still loved her now.
"Why did you disobey Zeus' command?" Hera asked.
Athena just stood there silent.
"Answer me!" Hera shouted.
That's when Aphrodite interjected.
"Sister, please, let my beloved niece speak. I am sure she has a good reason to break such a law." She smiled at Athena then. "You may speak."
"Thank you." She meant it. Hera was being brutal. How much of the truth should she tell them, she wondered. "I awoke Medusa because the magical ones left in the mortal world will need her protection. She can help them survive the mortal world.  I also wanted to awaken her to atone for my sins. It was I who... I decided to undo it. Surely you all can see the good in that."
She wondered if they could. Her words had been true. She hoped she had convinced them. 
"I have heard enough!" Hera said. "You are free to go."
Athena looked shocked at that statement. 
"Really?"
"Truly."
"I am not to be punished?" She asked warily.
"Not on this day." Hera replied. "You are free to go." 
She stood then, walked over to Athena and hugged her. Athena stood there with her arms by her side. 
"Hermes, please, escort Athena out."
Hermes was about to obey Hera when Poseidon spoke.
"Sister, let me." Poseidon offered.
"Very well." She agreed, and walked away. 
Poseidon escorted her. Once they were out of earshot he spoke to her.
"Thank you." He said, referring to restoring Medusa.
"I didn't do it for you... or me, Uncle. I did it for her." 
She rolled her eyes at his selfish thoughts about Medusa and the attraction she knew he felt for her. 
They walked on. They were already back at the gold elevator. It opened automatically. 
"Thank you, nonetheless niece." He placed his right hand upon her shoulder and gave it a little comforting squeeze.
She hugged him then, and he hugged her back. A few seconds passed.
"It will be alright." He told her.
"Are you sure?" She asked with worry laced in her voice. "Hera sounded very upset with me and my decision. Uncle? Do you know where my father is?" She asked. 
He smiled down on her. He knew where he was, she thought.
She continued, "Is he... alright?"
"I think so. He told me he needed to get away."
"You're sure he isn't..."
Poseidon laughed outright making the ground tremble. Athena was glad she was already hugging him for support.
"I'm sure. I will keep an eye on Medusa for you. You must go into hiding now, niece." He looked over his shoulder to make sure no one was behind him. He turned and looked back at her, "Go before your stepmother changes her mind."
Athena let him go then and walked into the elevator. Her uncle waved at her as the elevator closed. She should have been relieved she had gotten off so easily, but she had a feeling that wasn't the case at all...
Poseidon joined the others back inside the garden. They had always enjoyed it here. It was one of their last true places they could call home. Hera was letting Aphrodite braid her hair while Hermes fed her grapes. 
"Sister, you let her off quite easy." He quipped.
"Did I?" She asked with a mischievous grin on her face.
"Well I thought so until now..." He quipped back.
"As you will recall brother, I told your Niece no harm would come to her on this day. Tomorrow and the following days who knows what may be in store for her and Medusa..."

Chapter 12
"In one lifetime you may love many times,but one love will burn your soul forever."-Anon

Athena was caressing Medusa's cheek gently. Medusa's entire body and senses felt alive. Her body and mind wanted nothing more than to submit to the goddess. She smiled shyly at the touch that had seemed to awaken her entire body. She was no mortal woman. The emotions she felt for Athena weren't as diluted as a humans. They were intense. Athena's hand continued to move downward,past the soft curve of her neck and shoulders,then gently running her fingertips along her bare sternum. Medusa let out a small gasp of pleasure at the intimate touch. She felt like she was sweetly  melting underneath it.
"You are so beautiful." Athena whispered in her ear then. 
Her pleasure seemed to ebb and flow with those words. She felt almost overwhelmed with desire for goddess. 
"You are my most trusted. My most loyal. My one and only, in everything. My beautiful one. I've grown more than fond of you over the years you have devoted yourself to me and only me. If a god can feel dependant upon someone, then that is how I feel for you. You will always be my lovely trophy for the world to see. I know that I must always be about my father's business... but your beauty, your dedication to me. Your unfailing love for me... It moves me. It breaks me. It makes me want you, forever. I fear that my father's lust has been buried inside of me all along, because I lust after you, my sweet Medusa. Every single day. I know I shouldn't, but I do.

Medusa was shocked and delighted by Athena's admission. The goddess of wisdom had finally found love, and it had been with her. 
Medusa had known deep inside an ember of something she wasn't so sure what to call it still burned for Athena. She didn't know if she could call it lust, or love because it felt like more than that. It was deep and true. She wanted to share her feelings with her. She wanted her to see the real her. She knew that once she did she would never want to let her go. She would never stop worshiping her. Never stop being in awe of the goddesses battle strategy, prowess, and stature. 
Medusa had been a high priestess of Athena's temple at that time and everyone was in awe of her because of it. She was breathtakingly beautiful. A skilled and masterful warrior. No one had known that it had been Athena who had saved her from her insane and ancient parents. From then she never left Athena's side and in return Athena taught her the art as well as the secret to fighting. Hearing Athena's confession somehow made her feel better. She reciprocated those feelings as well.   She would be hers in every sense of the word. Her heart felt full and her logic felt sound. Medusa spoke then.
"You are my goddess. Let your will be done. If you wish me to love you with the love of lovers, I will give you that and more, for you have shown me mercy, kindness, and above all you have shown me love."  
Their lips almost touched then, Medusa took a step back. She slid the sheer cotton dress off of her shoulders. Athena marveled and stirred at Medusa's nude beauty. It was a heady feeling and a beautiful sight to behold. She wanted her. Her lustful nature seemed to take hold even stronger as her beauty burned bright in front of her. She wanted to reach out and touch her, but she thought she had to wait for the right time. Medusa put Athena's hands on both of Medusas breasts. Her nipples were hard and the thought of her being excited over their encounter made Athena more impatient in wanting her. She leaned forward and finally kissed Medusa, satisfying her urge. The kiss began as sweet and reverent. It was everything Athena had known it would be from the first time she had decided she wanted to kiss her lips. They were soft and tasted sweet, just as she had imagined. The thought that she was getting what she had wanted all along made her smile and laugh on the inside. Athena never thought she would find love. In Medusa she had found that and so much more. She had found a companion, a friend. She finally broke the kiss and Medusa looked at her with renewed eyes, no longer as head priestess, or worshipper... but as her lover...
       

 Chapter 13
"All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible."-T. E. Lawrence

Medusa awoke saddened and confused from the dream she had been having. It had been about Athena and their secret love affair. Something she had hoped time would help her forget, but alas, it was not to be.
 She had thought no one had known about their indiscretion, but she had been proved wrong of that a few days after their first lovemaking session. She recalled the anger her father had showed towards her when he had found out.They had been so careful. She had chosen Athena and becoming a skilled warrior over Poseidon.  Zeus had known about their love affair and disapproved as well. He was the one who had informed her father. Since she could remember her father had always wanted her to marry Poseidon. In his eyes it was 'the alliance of all alliances'. Phorcys a primordial sea god and the new sea, god, Poseidon merging their families. Keeping the ancient tradition alive. She had never really cared for Poseidon and the way he always seemed to over compensate to prove he wasn't second best to his younger brother, Zeus. He had always been generous towards her and her family to a fault. He had always been kind to her father and her sisters, never making him feel old or forgotten, for with time no one remembered who her father was. He lived on through his children. Poseidon, however had always shown a great amount of respect and made sure to include her father in the task of helping him rule the Sea. After she had shown promise in a faux match with her own father Poseidon spearheaded her warrior training. He paired her with his niece, Athena. From their first encounter she had felt the sparks flying between them. She had  surpassed everyone in her family with her skills in the art of swordplay and battle. As time went on, Medusa grew to enjoy all types of hunting and different fighting styles. Once she was of age she made the choice to be Athena's high priestess, and in doing so refused the alliance with Poseidon. Her father disowned her after that. Her mother naturally sat quietly by as it all unfolded. The one constant support in her life had been Athena. She had made her feel like she could do anything. No one had known about the love that was blossoming between them. No one had known about the passion. No one knew the real reason Athena cast the curse upon her. Before Athena had turned her she had told her that her legend would say it was because Medusa's beauty rivaled her own. In truth it had been because Athena was a jealous lover who could no longer stand to share Medusa with anyone. Over the centuries Athena had rationalized it and told herself  the curse  had been used to protect Medusa, not to harm her. When Medusa became the terrible she did not incur seeing Athena in that form of a shell of herself. Her mind could only see blackness, death and retribution. She could only recall craving bloodlust. 

It would seem that her mind was stuck on the intimate relationship she and Athena had shared. Something she no longer wanted. She had been the right hand of a goddess since she had taken the blood oath, but that was to be no more. She had been set free to live life as a mortal in the New World. She felt foreign and alone. She knew she wasn't and was thankful for all the help she was receiving from Fauna. 
She had fallen into a drunken slumber around dawn. Something she hadn't been allowed to do as a high priestess. She had learned so much the night of the party. After the party came to a close and everyone went to their respective places, Breena had escorted an already tipsy Medusa back to the castle where they drank more. Breena had made Medusa something called  a tropical sangria. It tasted sweet and the fruit that swam in the drink tasted just as good. That night, Breena taught Medusa how to use an ipad as well as a cellphone to order something called pizza. Breena had also taught Medusa about  running water and American culture, which she was enjoying quite nicely, especially the music. She felt like her heart melted when Breena played her a song called 'sweet home alabama' from the tiny black square thing she called a 'cell phone'. They had danced the night away and Medusa and Breena became something she had never had in all of her years of living...a friend.
Breena walked into her Suite unannounced seconds after she had awoke. Medusa looked down to see she was still wearing the same clothing she had worn from last night. 
"Rise and shine sleepy head!" Breena said. Smiling.
Medusa wondered if Breena's head was hurting as well. It didn't seem like it. She seemed refreshed from the all night drinking binge they had both shared in. She stood up from the bed, stretching tall. A server came in her room carrying a tray that he sat down on the coffee table by the couch. 
"Breakfast." Breena announced.
Medusa walked over to the breakfast tray and saw it was fruit and strips of meat. She picked the plate up and began eating the food with her bare hands. She started with the scrambled eggs. She picked them up first. They tasted delicious. 
Breena was grossed out.
"Ewww! Hey ! Melissa ! Use a fork."
Breena  picked up the silverware that was still sitting on the tray and handed it to her.
 Medusa took it. Looked at it and then back at Breena. 
Breena took it out of her hand and demonstrated how to use it. 
Medusa smiled at the small discovery. 
Breena rolled her eyes and handed the fork back to her. 
She took it. This time using it as she had just seen. 
Breena made her sit down on the couch. She was still eating, unbothered.
Breena then went back over to her closet. 
"Her Majesty will be convening with the counsel today. She instructed me to once again see to your needs and make sure you are dressed and treated appropriately. Since she cannot take you on the tour she had originally planned for today Jermaine has decided to. I think you will enjoy it. Now finish your breakfast so we can get you dressed... 
Jermaine had been waiting for Medusa at the bottom of the grand staircase. After last night's conversation with his wife about the oath she swore to the goddess, Athena to protect Medusa he realized he had no choice but to help Fauna, and  make an effort at welcoming Medusa into the fold. He had to give her a chance, just like Fauna had. She had confirmed that she was pregnant and carrying twins. He had been so elated about the news. He had never thought he would get to be a father to one child, let alone two. He had felt so blessed about it and was on cloud nine until he had overheard a few maids talking about just how dangerous Fauna's pregnancy was this morning. None of which he knew. After listening to an earful of gossip and feeling terrified after. He left them undetected and shortly after went in search of Adler, whom he found in the castle's greenhouse. He was picking herbs. 
Jermaine didn't want to waste time with formalities. He strode up to the healer and asked him directly about Fauna's chances of surviving her pregnancy and carrying the children full-term. The Adler looked uncomfortable under his hard scrutiny and Jermaine knew then the maids hadn't been over exaggerating with their gossip.. There was a large chance that he could lose her as well as the twins. He would be left all alone in the world. He felt his heart breaking. He didn't know if he wanted to live in a world without her. He wanted to be angry with her for not telling him, but the way he had been acting the last seventy-two hours, he knew she only withheld the information to try and protect him.  He also knew how badly they had both wanted children. He could recall them languishing in bed being lazy fantasizing about the many wonderful family inspired adventures they would have if they had a child. He couldn't be upset with her. He loved her and trusted her judgment above anyone else's. He would keep his mouth shut until the time came to address it. Now wasn't the time.
"Hello, Commander." Breena greeted Jermaine as she and Medusa reached the foot of the stairs.
Her voice snapped him out of his thoughts.
"Hello Breena and Melissa." He nodded at them both. His hands were behind his back. 
Medusa was cautious of Fauna's mate. She had seen the way he had initially looked at her. He feared her. There were two ways men feared her. Some begged and pleaded paralyzed with it while the other fought against it.  Jermaine was the latter. She smiled slightly at him then. She had to gain his trust if she were to live here peacefully.
"I have to see to cook." Breena announced to them both. "If you two will excuse me." Breena smiled at them and walked in the direction of the kitchen.
Jermaine felt the uncomfortable silence that seemed to dwell between them begin to rear its ugly head. He broke it when there wasn't any one within earshot of them. 
"Medusa, I apologize for my behavior on the airplane, earlier with Her Majesty. I have not been kind, or very welcoming to you. My wife,er that is, Her Majesty wants me to make amends, and since she will be busy convening with the I.F.A. counsel for the majority of the day today I thought I could, or perhaps my men could keep you entertained. The men are doing  hand to hand combat today. It's apart of  their daily training session."
His assumption of her in that regard had been correct. She did enjoy watching good hand to hand combat. She smiled at his words. He was extending to her an olive branch. She had no reason not to trust him, she thought. 
"That is very kind of you. Thank you." She replied. 
He smiled back at her then. 
When he wasn't frowning or looking like he wanted to strangle someone he was actually quite handsome, Medusa thought.
"Come with me." He stated, and they walked in the direction of the exit...

Chapter 14  
"Fights begin and end with handshakes." - Cameron Conaway

Once they were outside they walked down a cobblestone pathway past a row of cobblestone homes that turned into stables. Behind that was a large barn. There was also a gray stone building that was tucked behind the barn. Jermaine led her past the stables that were still in good working order, and inside of the barn. There were bails of hay in one corner and the other was a stone wall. Jermaine walked towards it. There was a sconce on the wall. He pushed on it and the stone wall popped out  and turned into a doorway. She was pleasantly surprised. She followed him inside. The stone structure was empty except for a black wrought iron staircase that was attached to the left wall. Each room had wall-to wall glass showcases. Each Showcase held a different collection of  antique weapons. 
She recognized a few from her era, and marveled at the extensive collection. Then she heard it. It began as a low rumble. She listened harder. It reminded her of the sounds of the Gladiator arena. The far off sound of  men cheering on men in the art of fighting to the death for sport. She felt the hair on her arms stand up at the summation. Combat had always been her first love. She felt herself relaxing and letting her guard down a little more. Her father had taught her well and with Athena's help she had become practically undefeated. She noticed Jermaine had disappeared. She was alone. She couldn't deny the allure she felt from hearing the distant chanting. She continued to walk in the direction of it. She walked through the Foyer, and past the dining room. She turned to her left and noticed the entire back wall of the large building was gone. She took another step closer to the edge. When she looked down she saw the dirt pit. Two men were inside of it. They were wearing nothing but black loincloths and black sandals, punching each other mercilessly. By the amount of blood that was covered on their bodies and faces she could tell they had been fighting for a while. No one seemed to see her standing above them and watching on in nostalgia.  She scanned the area a little more and saw Jermaine. He was one floor below her getting comfortable sitting in what appeared to be a throne made out of wood. She crouched down then and slid her body off of the ledge. She dangled there and landed safely on the next floor. Jermaine and the men around him didn't seem the least bit impressed by her acrobatic stunt. She stood beside his chair and looked on at the fight. With each punch landed came a shout from the crowd. She loved it. Combat made her feel more than alive. The sound of bone on bone made her want to partake in the match. Her heart began to beat fast with every punch she saw landed. After a minute or two of being engrossed in the match Jermaine spoke to her.
"It looks like the sort of fun you're into."
"Fun?" She didn't understand the word.
"Ah, yes? something you would enjoy doing." He corrected himself. 
"Yes. I would like to have this fun." She noticed a stand alone staircase that led down. She used the rickety staircase with apprehension. When she walked forward the crowd opened up for her. Each man was caught off guard by her beauty. Each one went from cheering on the match to absolute silence at her beauty. She stopped once she was four rows back and began to scan the room. She saw the man she had met at the festival. She recalled his name then, Tuno. He was standing holding his mahogany walking stick in front of him. He was wearing a black robe and stood far off from the fighter's and much closer to the shade. She could tell he was listening intently to the fight. He did not act like a blind person to her. She shook the thoughts of him  off and blamed her apprehension about his affliction on her nerves. And then it happened. He turned and saw her, or at least she thought, because after all he was a blind man. Her eyes were back on the fight in front of her until Jermaine spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
"Stop!" 
His words echoed through the place. She knew he was skeptical when it came to her, but she also sensed in him what she had sensed in the fairy queen, goodness. He was a good fae. Jermaine was dressed in all black attire. His men were dressed similarly. His clothing had a bit more detail in the placement of his leather srips on his pants and shirt. He also wore black leather gloves. She noticed all of the men's eyes were on her then. They all seemed to have forgotten that Jermaine had stopped the fight and were all staring openly at her. It reminded Medusa of the men who couldn't stop staring at her on that monstrosity Fauna had called a 'plane'. It  wasn't just two or four now. It was fifty or more men openly looking at her. Jermaine finally reached her. He stood beside her and then spoke.
"Come," he said, and led her into the center of the ring.
The men who had been fighting inside of it looked at Jermaine, nodded at him and quickly got out.
There was dead silence as the men looked on in wonder at their leader and the very beautiful creature with golden hair, who looked like she could do no harm to anyone or anything, but here she was, standing in a fighting ring. Medusa hated to admit it, but this type of  quiet frightened her. It was a quiet that would either damn or save you. It was the type of quiet you could not distract from. A quiet that could harm her as much as it helped her. Every hit, kick, or miss would be heard in the silence. 
She had fought many times over as Medusa the terrible. In her time, no one could match  her  skill in swordplay or hand to hand combat...except for Athena. Eventually, it had become their sort of foreplay. Sometimes their sparring matches went on for days. Sometimes, hours. They always ended up sweaty and satisfied in the end. They were happy  knowing that they shared the same strength and passion.
Jermaine spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
" I know you all see a very beautiful, innocent woman standing before you. I assure you gentleman, though she may be beautiful, innocent she is not. The first man to be best her gets to join me on the Queen's guard permanently." There was a low rumble from the men. Being on the Queen's guard was a coveted prize. He continued, this time talking to Medusa. "I thought maybe we start off with something light. Are there any takers?" Jermaine asked the crowd.
No one said anything. 
Medusa knew they were too shocked to let what he said sink in. They probably all thought he had went crazy. That's what she thought until she saw a man that stood 6'2, with a stocky build, ash blonde hair, a button nose, and blue eyes break from the crowd and stomp his way into the ring.  The crowd cheered him on. 
"Go Uri!" Some shouted.
"No way this chit stands a chance! Uri will crush her !"
"We have a contender !" Jermaine yelled and his men once again cheered in excitement?


Chapter 15 
"You have enemies? Good. It means you've stood up for something sometime in your life."- Winston Churchill

Fauna hadn't planned on meeting with the council until after the housing projects were done which was in another four to six weeks. She had just got done having an ugly bout of morning sickness when Breena had knocked and entered her chambers. She brushed her teeth and splashed cold water on her face. She noticed Breena who was patiently waiting. By the look on Breena's face something told her that something was wrong.
"Morning, your Majesty. The Council has sent word. They want to convene in two hours time to discuss a most urgent matter with you."
"Where?"She asked.
"The throne room, Your Majesty." She supplied.
"Thank you, Breena."
"Congratulations Your Majesty."
"Oh, um thank you. Will you send for my husband please? I was supposed to give Melissa a tour today."
"Yes, ma'am." 
"And please, tell no one of my pregnancy."
"Ma'am it's already out. The servants know."
"How? I haven't told anyone."
"Nay you hadn't, but Adler has. He was so honored and pleased that you needed his assistance."
"Ah, I see."
"Is there anything else ma'am?"
"No, that will be all. Thank you, Breenaa."
Breena smiled. Took a step back and exited the room, closing the door behind her.
The roiling feeling in her stomach subsided and she stood up and began dressing herself. Today she decided to wear a lime green maxi dress with a cream shawl and gold sandals. She was just about to put her crown on when she saw jermaine enter the room. He wore his black uniform today. He looked handsome. She tried to mentally scan him. It was no use. Her telepathic powers were dampened for now. He quickly walked over to her and assisted her. Placing the Emerald encrusted crown gently atop her head. She smiled in the mirror at him. He did not smile back. Something was troubling him. 
"What's wrong?" She turned around and asked him . She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him. He kissed her back but it did not feel the same. "Jermaine, my love, what's wrong ?" 
"Nothing, my love. Just admiring your beauty."
She knew he was lying to her. Something he never did. What was he keeping from her? She tried once more to scan his emotions but it was no use. She stepped back then and talked.
"The council wants to convene."
"When?"
"Very shortly I'm afraid"
"This is out of the ordinary. When do we leave?"
"We don't. I will be leaving shortly. This is why I had Breena summon you. I need you to hold up your end of the bargain in regards to our newest guest. You must spend the day getting to know her."
"I would be much more useful looking after you."
"I will be fine. The meeting's in the throne room. Your guards will do just fine. Please?" 
"Yes, Your Majesty."
He was hurt. She didn't need her Fae powers to guess that.
"Husband..."
"If that is all." His tone was cold.
He walked away from her then and left the room. She was feeling so off. She had never felt so out of touch with her lover before. He was her one and only. She would have to make it up to him later tonight when everyone slept. She didn't have the time now. She appraised herself once more in the mirror. She looked the part of a Queen. Right now she just felt like a vulnerable pregnant wife and mother. She opened the door of her bedchambers. Breena was nowhere in sight. She walked down the long corridor alone, then made a right which led her in the direction of the grand staircase. She greeted the servants as she walked past them and elegantly descended down the stairs. Making sure she didn't appear to be out of sorts. She hoped this meeting would be a fruitful one. Her people were depending on her to help them transition into the new world. The progress she was making on that promise had been good so far as well as beneficial. She began reflecting on what kind of future she wanted for her children. She knew it had to be much better than it was today.  
Moments later she reached the throne room and was announced by one of the Guards.
"Her Majesty, Fauna, the good fairy and Queen of Fae."
The throne room was a room painted in gold leafing. Emerald green and gold banners hung from the walls and beams in her honor. Embroidered on them was her crest. The ceiling had a stained glass dome. It was truly a room that commanded attention.
Her throne sat at the head of a large wooden table with other chairs that seated her Council. Which consisted of Nine very old fashioned fae who valued tradition more than they valued their own kinds preservation. 
 The eldest, who went by the name of Fli stood first and they all followed his lead. The others were; Duke Lame, Chancellor Geofridus, Vicar Enguerran, Duke Donaldus, Grand Duke Fery, Squire Lijart, Cardinal Crystoll (Who was the only female on the council), Squire Malcolm Violetty, and Vycount Spirion Versus, the parasites who helped corrupt her sister and turned her heart black. 
It didn't matter that she had saved the world. They still hated her because she had lived and was nothing like her sister, who valued the same traditions and stances as the Council. They made sure to be a thorn in her side since her reign. She had done everything she could think of to dissolve them, but it was no use. 
They all bowed to her.
She smiled and sat down first.
She didn't know what this was about, but she was sure they would have no problem letting her know.
Fli stood once more and spoke.
"Your Majesty, please forgive us for calling this meeting on such short notice. The Council has just been made aware of some rather urgent and alarming news."
His indignation was righteous and because of Fauna not being able to discern their emotions she was helpless and unable to read what was wrong. She looked around the table. There was no loyalty here. 
They had all been vultures. She would be glad when she would be able to disband them. 
"What is this that you speak of?" She asked sweetly. Knowing her only choice was to play the calm, collected Queen. 
"Your Majesty, we have it on good authority that your compounds are vulnerable to outside forces and we must ask that you stop-"
"I absolutely will not!" She stood then. 
Fli immediately sat down. 
"The renovations are weeks away from being complete, and we can assess the security risk then. Our people need this."
With a clap of his hands, a hologram appeared. It showed video footage from two of her compounds. She made out dark figures attacking the compounds Security Guards and destroying the compounds. Fli snapped his fingers and the hologram paused just as it zoomed in on one of the figures. It was an Elf. What were Elves doing attacking her compounds? 
"Why was I not notified of this damage, Fli!?" 
Her Emerald eyes bore into his dull gray ones.
"Your Majesty was in Africa when this happened. Your Commander was told of this once you reached American soil."
Dammit, Jermaine had said nothing of the sort. She watched the Council take in the fact she hadn't known this information. They were like sharks in the water. They smelled blood. They were going to begin to circle her.
Cardinal Crystoll spoke then. 
"You may not like that the council exists Your Majesty, but it has existed since we crowned you all those millennia ago. You and your sister chose us to help you reign your Kingdom fairly and with honor. Elves are dangerous. We need to shut this down."
"I will not !" She hadn't realized she had shouted that until she heard her voice echo throughout the room. She continued. "Since we have started this program we have discovered thousands of Fae. There is infighting, but because of the small land as well as respect for their Queen, they have made some semblance of peace and sacrificed their honor.  I promised them all safety. I cannot break my promise. Surely a Queen's word is still the strongest of all. We must set up a meeting with the Elf Queen. We must establish if she is aware of this or is it a lone attack."
"And if it is an attack, Your Majesty?" Fli asked.
"If it is then we come up with some sort of treaty."
"Your Majesty, the Elf Queen hated your sister, and is a very dangerous being," said Grand Duke Fery.
"With good reason Grand Duke Fery. Alana came to us for help when the American government was stealing Elven children and because my sister feared she would usurp her she refused to help her and banished her and her people to fend in this world on their own.  I can't believe we haven't had a war with this woman sooner. We must make this treaty happen."
Fli turned off the hologram.
There was quiet once more, then Squire Lijart asked Fauna a question.
"Is it true that Your Majesty is with child?"
She stood once more and looked at each member before answering.
"I am."
There was a collective gasp of shock and disgust. 
"Your Majesty, the Council must also advise against this."
"What! Why? I am Queen-" She thought she had misheard.
"Again, just because you are Queen, Your Majesty, does not mean that you may sire an heir whenever it suits you. You are to inform the Council. Then make a formal request. Once that request is granted then you may have a child. Is Your Majesty fully aware of the dangers that come with conceiving a halfling?"
He looked at her sternly.
"I do?." She sounded unsure and scared.
"Your Majesty, we cannot allow you to put your life and the Kingdom's livelihood at risk. We must urge you before it's too late to reconsider your position."
"On? 
"The child and your husband."
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"Only Her Majesty did not marry a sanctioned fae. Your Majesty married a halfling who has no desire to learn our ways. The likelihood of your death and the children is very high. We need a strong alliance as well as strong heirs. Your husband can be your consort. You have yet to have an official wedding ceremony."
Her eyes bugged out at what she was hearing.
"You want me to terminate my pregnancy and my marriage so that I may marry pureblood."
"We mean no harm, Your Majesty. We are only here to serve you," 
said Squire Lijart. 
She looked around once more. They all looked stoic and sage, but they were nothing more than power hungry dinosaurs. She couldn't trust them. Her sister had and went dark and insane because of their 'guidance'. They were asking her to kill apart of her she had prayed for so many years. She had made her way all around the table. She spoke once she reached her Throne. 
"You have all doubted me since this crown has been placed on my head. I will help our people thrive. There is a chance my children may die and so will I, but that is a chance I am willing to take. I am over four hundred years old. My life has been filled with adventure and now love. I am ready when my time comes. I wonder if you can say the same. As for my husband. I chose to marry for love and for love I will fight and damn anyone who stands in our way. Now, if you will excuse me. I have other Royal business that needs my attention."
They all stood up and bowed to her.
She strode out of the throne room before anyone could see her tears...




Chapter 16
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win."-Mahatma Gandhi

The brute they called Uri stood towering over Medusa. She noticed he couldn't stop staring at her and she knew that would be his downfall, like it had been for so many men and women in her past.  They were always captivated by her beauty to distraction.
He stood a foot away from her.
Jermaine stood in between them.
She said nothing, just slightly smiled as she stood on the white line etched in the dirt of the ring.
"Here are the rules. No magic. No killing. Good clean fight. Understand?" Jermaine looked at them both.
She took her fighting stance. 
He looked at his soldier. 
He gave him a slight nod of his head in acknowledgment.
"Begin!" Jermaine shouted, and quickly escaped to the front row.
The crowd was no longer quiet. They were cheering and chanting loudly. She was able to make out some of what they were saying.  It was the same chants, and cat calls she had heard when she was a young girl and would best the local boys of Atlantis at swordplay. She felt like much had seemed to change in this world, but the male maturity was one thing that seemed to never change.
"C'mon Uri!" One man shouted.
"Take this bitch down!" Another shouted. 
"Fifty dollars Uri knocks this cute little piece of ass on her keyster in a minute or less!"
"After I knock her on her ass I will make sure to give it a kiss." Uri said loud enough for everyone to hear. 
It made the men laugh and whistle.  
It made Medusa angry. It pricked her in a way that made her competitive edge awaken.
Though Jermaine did not partake in the vulgar shouting, he did absolutely nothing to stop it. He was standing in the front row looking on like a regular bystander. It was all apart of the show, she reminded herself. Afterall, she was the one who had wanted to do more than just watch the fight. She had wanted to partake in it. 
Uri made the first move and lunged at her. She easily dodged him, swiftly moving to her left. He missed his target, stumbled, then quickly turned around to face her. He put his hands up in front of his face. They circled each other slowly. Medusa knew her opponent already. He held some skill. She already had deciphered he was a big, timid fighter, and definitely not sure of himself now. She took full advantage of that and with both her palms facing out she pushed him hard on his chest. He slid across the floor. She heard the sound of bamboo sticks being hit together to signify her point. Uri's wince was replaced with a scowl as he got up and went back to his place. She was standing in the center of the ring waiting for him with a cocky smirk on her face. Medusa felt the tension rise even more. Every man in there was not just eyeing her because of her beauty now, but because she was obviously a very skilled fighter. Jermaine kept a neutral face, but was already impressed with what she had just showed him. He wanted to see more, so he upped the ante. 
He walked to the center of the ring, stood beside her and spoke loud enough for everyone to hear. 
"Impressive. Now, let's turn it up a notch."
She watched him search the crowd and point to a dark haired man. "Michael!" 
Upon hearing his Commander call his name he quickly came forward. He was much taller than Uri Medusa noticed. His shoulders were muscular and he looked strong. His face was beautiful. He had a thin scar that ran through his right eyebrow. He wore no facial expression, just like Uri. He did not look at her with fascination nor captivation. This one came to fight her. She welcomed the challenge.
"Positions." Jermaine commanded.
They both went to the center of the ring and stood on the white line .
Pause of silence.
"Begin!" His voice boomed through the room.
There was no time to waste  on deciphering what kind of battle strategy he would use on her. He charged her, picked her up and body slammed her hard on the mat. She felt the wind get knocked out of her. It jarred her.  
Jermaine stood a few feet away, not moving. 
The crowd had grown silent.
Medusa now reconsidered her blood lust. This was an impulsive move on her part. She knew none of Jermine's men and to jump in the ring with them to test her strength was still dangerous. She inhaled sharply and quickly jumped back up on her feet. As soon as she did he tried to sweep them. She jumped with each motion to evade the attack all the while she stepped back to avoid his punch that was aimed at her stomach. She was exerting more energy than she had with Uri. She was rusty admitted to herself. She also had legs, something she hadn't truly got accustomed to. Any other time she would have been happy to have them, but not in this situation, they were considered a fighting liability. She didn't have time to adapt and fully adjust to them. Another reason she regretted feeding into her impulsive nature. She didn't know if she could handle it, but at the moment she had no choice. She had to fight. She had wanted to see if she was still herself. She had to concentrate. She saw an opening for a split second, where he let his guard down briefly and she struck. Her punch landed on its mark, his nose.   He grabbed it as it gushed and spurted bright red blood. He stumbled back, stunned by the hit. He looked at his hands and now blood drenched sleeves, then back at her. She had been concentrating so hard on besting her opponent she hadn't noticed that there was no more chanting from the men. It was that perfect silence she was scared of. All eyes were on her now as they watched her fight. 
He let out a loud battlecry and charged after her. She stood her ground, easily evaded him and slapped him hard on his left cheek. He lunged for her again. She evaded the blow. There was the sound of the bamboo being hit, signifying the round was over. The fight was over. 
She bent over and put her hands on her knees while she inhaled deeply to calm her mind. She had fought twice and she had won both times. She had proved herself.
Jermaine came back into the ring. 
Medusa was tired, a feeling she wasn't accustomed to. 
Jermaine looked at her then and said, "Well done ! You have come this far, now you have one more task." 
He looked at her and then he looked at the man she had just defeated.  He bowed to Jermaine and left the ring. She watched as two other men brought out a large target and set it at the far end of the ring. Then another one brought Jermaine a black leather cloth which he unwrapped gently. Inside were silver knives. They were almost as beautiful as her. She was in awe of them. They twinkled and smiled at her.
He smiled at her admiration of them and then he spoke. 
"How is your aim?" He asked her as he looked down at the knives then up at the target. Then back at her. 
She picked up five and with a swift motion she threw all five at once. Each blade landing in the center. 
"Very good." Jermaine commended her. "Uri, go retrieve the daggers from the Target" He did as he was commanded, bringing them back to him. "Jerry, stand in front of the Target." 
Jerry Nervously stood at the Target. 
"Turn to the side." 
Jerry obeyed. 
Medusa along with the crowd were able to see his side profile as he stood in the center of the target. 
Jermaine you looked at Medusa and said "Hit the bullseye."
A mumble came from the crowd. 
She heard one say, "She can't do it!" 
"Jerry's gonna get killed." 
Jermaine put his hand up and the chatter silenced. 
Medusa was skilled in every single weapon. The bow and arrow happened to be her favorite. This had been a trick she had learned when she was just a child. She hadn't done it in quite a while and didn't know if she still could do it at all.
She closed her eyes, thinking about nothing but the arrow hitting its target. She said a silent prayer to Athena and  hoped it would work. She let the arrow go quickly. She heard the room let out a collective gasp. She had closed her eyes when she had shot the arrow so she didn't know if she had hit her mark, or poor Jerry. Seconds later, when she still heard no reaction from the crowd she opened her eyes and looked at Jermaine first. 
Jermaine's jaw was clenched. He looked angry. Why is he angry? The knives were perfectly lodged in the Target. Jerry slowly moved away from the target stumbling away in sheer delight and shock that he was still alive. Medusa said nothing. She just looked at Jermaine hoping that this was done-whatever this was, and then she heard it, the applause. It was a lovely, robust applause for her. She looked around the room. Every man was smiling and cheering for her. She didn't see Tuno. He had gone. She had never had this feeling before. She felt elated by their praise. This was something new and something strange for her. She had always been taught not to trust anyone. She had won them over another feeling she had never felt washed over her. It was the feeling of pure happiness...
    

Chapter 17
"If you wish to be brothers, let the arms fall from your hands."- Pope Pius VI 

Medusa stayed long enough for Jermaine to introduce her to the men and women soldiers. They were all a lively bunch and seemed to enjoy what they were doing. She shared in a glass of honey wine with them. Something they forced her into because of her skillful fighting. She said her goodbyes, smiling at them and their welcoming nature and also promising to return tomorrow for more fun. How could she resist? As she was exiting the building she noticed Jermaine standing and looking out of a large bay window. He had no expression on his face. A complete look of indifference. She wondered what bothered him. It was none of her business, she chided herself as she crossed the threshold and was back onto the leaf trodden, mud path. She walked past the stables she saw the little girl from the festival, Nanette, who was standing close to the stone wall that lined the road.
Medusa smiled at her and strolled past her.
 " I wasn't waiting for you," she called out when she was a few feet ahead of her. When she saw that she wasn't going to stop she ran and caught up to her. Her actions now indicating otherwise.
Medusa finally acknowledged her by smiling at her and kept walking the trail that led back to the castle. 
"Then why are you here, little one?" She asked, still walking swiftly.
"We just happen to be going the same direction?. Well...maybe I was waiting for you." She admitted shyly and continued, "Uncle says I'm too young to have a proper watch at the fighting matches. I'm not allowed to go inside. He says it's too barbaric, but  I climb the tree and watch," She stopped walking, turned around and pointed to a large tree that was situated between the building and the barn. She stared into Medusa's sea blue eyes. "I saw you fight. Teach me."
Medusa knelt down then. Eye to eye with the child. 
The little girl asking her to teach her how to fight brought back memories of when she would watch her mother and father fight one another. It had looked like a delicate, dangerous dance. It had called to her so that she had begged her father. He would only acquiesce if she could get her other two sisters to agree to train with her. It took a full year, but she had succeeded, asking her father the exact same one this child was asking of her, not knowing the grave consequences it would have on her future life. 
"No," she answered bluntly.
"Why not ?" The little girl asked, sounding as disappointed as she would've been had she asked Medusa for candy and she had said 'no' to that.
"You are very young. I  don't think your uncle would want you getting hurt. Shouldn't you be in school? " 
"I don't like school very much. I know more than the teachers. The other children tease me. I won't get hurt! I promise!  I may be small, but  I'm strong. I want to be stronger and you are the strongest. I see it in you." 
Medusa was shocked at the little girl's admission. She acted beyond her years. Maybe this was what Athena had wanted her to do with her life now. Teach women and young girls how to fight and fend for themselves. It would keep her out of everyone's hair, and the Queen from worrying so much about her. She smiled at the idea.  
They rounded the corner and were back inside the shrub maze that was attached to the castle. The little girl guided them out. They went inside by way of the back door that led down a servant's hallway and into the kitchen. There was a fresh smell of fruit pastries in the air. The tiny fruit-filled pastries sat on a cooling rack that sat on the end of the kitchen counter. 
The little girl grabbed two as they walked through. She quickly handed one to Medusa and took a greedy bite out of the one she held in her hand. 
Medusa followed her lead and ate the fruit filled pastry. It was delicious. Her taste buds danced and she reveled in it. She giggled at the childish delight of it all. The food in this time period was delicious, she admitted to herself.
Once they were through the kitchen they walked through the massive dining room, down a long hallway, and up the green carpeted grand staircase. 
Fauna was leaving her chambers when she saw the pair. She smiled brightly at them and Medusa felt like she was being engulfed in sunshine itself. 
"It looks like you two have become fast  friends." She commented and went on to address the little girl.  " So what trouble are you two up to today?"
Fauna noticed the little girl had red jelly in the corners of her mouth. She looked at Medusa who was chewing and swallowing something.
The little girl curtsied, then spoke, "Your Majesty, we haven't gotten into any trouble. Just Cooks pastries." 
Fauna laughed at that. The little girl was adorable.
"Please, call me Fauna and I shall call you?." She trailed off playfully. Still smiling brightly at them both.
The little girl smiled back and answered. 
"Nanette, ma'am."
"Do you like Ice cream, Nanette?"
The little girl's face lit up. 
"Oh yes, Your Maj-, Fauna! I love Ice cream." She was grinning ear to ear at the thought.
"Go ask the cook to make you a bowl. She just made some strawberry lavender flavor. Wait for Melissa there. She will escort you home."
The little girl curtsied, turned and ran back down the stairs, into the same direction they had just left.
"I can't wait." Fauna said aloud, referring to having her own children. She rested her left hand on her slightly swollen abdomen, then looked at Medusa and asked, "How are you? How was your day with my husband? He didn't try to kill you did he?"
She smiled at her remark. Medusa felt how genuine she was. Her heart seemed pure. They were becoming friends. The short time Medusa had stayed here at her holdings she saw a Queen who led her people with her heart and with magical happiness that was contagious. This was the most Medusa had ever smiled in centuries. 
"I am enjoying what I have experienced so far. Your husband is a very skilled Commander. His men respect him and think highly of him. In my day that was the highest honor."

She smiled at the compliment. She thought the exact same thing about Jermaine and she was glad someone else saw it. The meeting with the Council was not what she had thought it would be. She wondered if she should tell him the news or wait. She was brought back to the conversation.
"I will have to let him know that. Of course, he isn't talking to me at the moment. That doesn't stop me from finding out what he is up to. I was told that my husband had you in the ring just a few moments ago fighting and throwing knives at men's heads."
Medusa looked shocked at her knowing exactly what they had been doing.
 Fauna was not.
"Word travels fast here. I am so sorry. He can be a little tough." She supplied
Medusa smiled at Fauna's assessment of her own husband. 
"Yes. The ring."
"Are you alright?" Fauna was concerned.
"Yes, I am fine. I was not harmed. Your husband's men, however, ?" she trailed off.
Fauna laughed outright at that. 
"Good for you Medusa. It serves him right for not trusting me." She beamed, then stuck out her tongue.
Medusa chuckled. 
Fauna held her hand then.
"This is your home now."
Medusa saw someone walking towards them.
"Your Majesty." The person said as they curtsied. 
"Yes, Alisha. Is it time?"
"Yes, Your Majesty."
"Ah. Alright. Let's go then. Melissa, good day to you."
"Good day to you," Medusa repeated back as she watched Fauna and the lady rush past her. She continued walking towards the direction of her rooms. Today she had proved herself to everyone. Fauna had said she as home now. She arrived at her doors and opened them. Once she was inside she undressed. She walked over the mirror. Her battered, nude reflection stared back at her. Her face had been free of bruises, but her right shoulder was already turning dark purple on her caramel skin. She saw bruises scattered on her upper thigh. She had been in her first fight in centuries. Even though it was with a fae that was less skilled than her she still felt a certain rush from it all. She went to her bed and picked up the green satin robe and put it on. She needed a bath full of ice and after she would take a nap. Her body had definitely felt the blows and was reaching its breaking point. She was walking to the bathroom when her vision turned hazy and before she knew it she was falling to the ground unconscious...
When Medusa awoke she was up to her chin in ice water. Her body immediately feeling the pins and needles of the cold. She let out a scream. She saw Breena come running into the room
"Oh, Thank God you're awake! I thought they had beaten you to death."
Medusa tried to get out. Breena held her fast. She must have been weak if a little fairy like her could restrain her. 
"It's alright, Melissa. Please, stay in. The ice will help your bruises. I think you suffered some sort of concussion. I came in and you were face first on the ground. Your robe was open I saw the bruises. I just.." she trailed off.
Medusa gently cupped her cheek.
"Thank you, Breena. You have been very kind to me." Her teeth began to chatter. 
Breena smiled and held on to her hand. It was so warm to Medusa.
"Just a little longer and I promise I will help you out. Hold on." She exited the bathroom. Medusa looked around. She couldn't believe she had blacked out. Seconds later she was back with a mint green terry cloth robe. She held it out. 
"Please, You may get out now."
Medusa gripped the side of the tub and stood weakly just as she was about to stumble Breena caught her.
"Shit! Melissa. Let me help you." 
She wrapped the robe around her shoulders and assisted her in stepping out of the tub. She made her stand still as the used the terrycloth to rub up and down the length of her. It was gentle. When she was done she put her right arm over Breena's left shoulder and they slowly walked towards her bed. 
"Almost there," she encouraged.
She sat down on the edge of it.
Breena sat a brown leather satchel on the bed and rifled through it. She pulled out a red round jar and opened the lid.
"That stinks," Medusa said.
"It does!" Chuckled Breena. "It was my grandmother's special cure for warriors when they had battle scars and bruises like yours."
Without her having to tell her Medusa slid her robe down exposing her breasts. She saw Breena blush but did not cover up. Breena began gently applying the salve onto her Bruises and scrapes. Her touch was light almost like a kiss. 
"All done." She said breaking the tight silence between them. Medusa winced when she tried to put the robe back on. "Oh, please, let me help you." She touched the edge of her robe and their fingers touched. She felt a spark. She found herself looking into those blue eyes and falling. 
"Thank you," she said, snapping Breena back to the present.
"Oh...um, you're welcome. Let's get you into bed."
"No, I will do it myself, thank you. You have done enough." she felt flustered and had no idea why. 
"Alright then, I will just gather my things and leave you to your rest. I will keep this between you and I and I will make sure I have Cook send up some of her herbal tea. It's good for bruises. She felt like she was rambling as she stuffed her medicine vials and tubes back into her satchel and reached the door. She waved before exiting the door. 
Medusa was alone and did as she had promised Breena she pulled back the covers and got in bed. She was exhausted and as soon as her head hit the pillow she was asleep. This time she didn't dream about a goddess she dreamt about a sweet blue fairy...




 


Chapter 18
"No relationship is all sunshine, but two people can share one umberella and survive the storm together?"Anon
Fauna was still reeling over the outcome of the meeting with the Council earlier that day. The Sun had gone down and she was in her bedchamber replaying it, along with the goings on of the day in her mind. She still couldn't believe what they wanted her to do, abort her children and sever the bond with Jermaine. Though they had dressed it up. Making it seem like it was her Royal duty, instead of murder. She felt like it was them telling her in order for her to be a real Fae Queen and rule properly she had to sacrifice her life and ultimately her own happiness to do so. She was happy with her life. She had made visible progress helping the magical creatures under her protection since becoming Queen. Her people could be proud of what she was doing, but after this meeting, she knew it wasn't enough. With the Council, nothing she ever did seemed to be. Their unreasonable nature was slowly chipping away at her resolve. 
Through a loophole in the laws long before she and her sister had reigned, if the Queen felt threatened, in any way by their advisors they could release them from their duties. That was exactly what she had done in the beginning, but the council had been in place way before her and her sisters had been born. That was also the problem. They were so old that they were cold and unbending. How would they ever survive the centuries to come if they were to tow the line as the Council wanted? She was gazing out of her bedroom window into her flower garden below. Tonight, she wore nothing but a mint green, long, satin robe with French lace edges. She rested her right hand on her abdomen. She had been doing that a lot as of late. It comforted her, knowing that she had two beautiful children of her own growing inside of her. She heard the door to her bedchamber open and close. Without looking she knew it was her husband. He walked in and stood by the gold-leafed, King Louis-styled, round back armchair and began undressing. She was always impressed when she got to marvel at his muscular physique. He started with his boots first. When he got them unlaced and off of his feet he then removed his black leather jacket. She watched him in silence. 
He was still upset with her. She thought. 
"No, I'm not mad," he said aloud as he took off his shirt.
"You could hear me?" She asked, ecstatic.
"Yes. It was the first time I've heard you clearly since we found out about..." He stopped taking his pants off.
"Our children," she finished for him, smiled, and let out a light sigh as she walked over to him. She sat down on the corner of the bed facing him. "Our connection is so strong. It's just lately I can't read anyone's auras or thoughts. I must speak to Adler about this as soon as I can."
" Is scary for you ?" He asked her, knowing that was a gift she had been born with. It was like losing an appendage for her.
"Yes and no. It's the quietest I have had in my mind over four hundred years, and no because I can't communicate with you."
He chuckled at her remark and removed the rest of his clothing and went into the bathroom. She followed him. 
He turned on the shower and stepped inside. The steam rolled up around them, slowly filling the room. "Are you going to be joining me tonight, wife?" He smiled and winked at her playfully. He wore that sexy smirk on his face that she couldn't resist. 
She was in need of his comfort she admitted to herself. She knew they had to talk about what had occurred with the Council, but she wasn't very interested in rehashing it and she quite honestly had had enough stress for one day. She just wanted to be a wife to her husband and forget about the Crown and all it brought. They stared in each other's eyes. She could feel him then. He was in her mind and she could feel the special connection they shared once again. She slowly untied her satin robe, letting it slide off of her slender shoulders and form into a pool of material on the floor to expose her nude form. His gaze became hot. He outstretched his wet hand to hers. She took it and got into the shower with him. When she got inside he held her close. 
"I'm sorry about earlier today." He apologized. 
She kissed his lips then. She felt so guilty. "Let's not talk about it, o.k.? Let's just enjoy this moment." she beamed up at him.
He smiled back, leaned down and kissed her on the tip of her nose. He grabbed the soap and a face cloth and began washing every inch of her body. She enjoyed the attention he was giving her. The intimate gesture comforting her more and more. Reminding her of a time when she just wanted and needed him. She returned the favor but couldn't get too far without Jermaine growling low in the back of his throat and passionately kissing and caressing her body. Fauna had to break the kiss. With a giggle, she got out of the shower. 
She heard him growl again.
"You're being a tease." He said as he turned off the shower.
She threw him a towel and grabbed one for herself. She wrapped it around her naked frame and exited the bathroom. He followed her. Fauna was exhausted. She let out a loud yawn. 
"I am usually never sleepy." She confessed as she yawned big again. She threw the pillows on the couch across from the bed, pulled back the covers and got inside. It felt wonderful. She felt her body relaxing. 
Jermaine took off his towel and got into the bed. She cuddled her slim frame up against his hard masculine one. 
"You are right. Usually, I have to help out with that, but you are carrying two babies now. It's normal to feel tired. You will have to get used to it, darling. How was the meeting with the Council?" He asked.
No answer.
He looked down to find his wife was fast asleep.He chuckled to himself, kissed the top of her head and closed his eyes. There was so much they needed to discuss. The Council meeting, the danger she and the babies were in. Medusa's usefulness to them. It would have to wait until tomorrow. She had been right. She had not slept the night through since they had returned. She would only sleep an hour or less a night. She needed this more than she cared to admit. He pulled the comforter over them and wrapped his left arm securely around her waist and went to sleep...



3:33 a.m.

The alarm bells were ringing for the first time since they had built this castle, which had been in 1966. Jermaine awoke and quickly jumped out of bed. He was dressed in under a minute. 
Fauna had been frightened out of her sleep by the loud alarm. She grabbed her satin robe, put it on and tied it closed. She got out of bed. Seeing that Jermaine was already dressed she ran over to Jermaine.
"Jermaine, what's going on? " She asked in a panic. She watched him check, then load his weapon.
 There was a loud banging on the door.
Jermaine opened it. 
It was his second in command, A handsome Fae man by the name of Killan.
"Sir, our compound has been breached, by Elves."
" Where were they last spotted?" He asked. His tone and demeanor completely calm.
"Sir, we spotted fifteen in all.  They have breached the gates from the north and have began vandalizing the housing project. We suspect that there are more coming. I have already sent a small team to contain the area, Sir . We have a few men injured. It is escalating quickly."
" Tell the team that is already on site to not harm the Elves."
"Sir?" Killan seemed shocked by his Commander's instructions.
"We will not kill them," he repeated. " We will apprehend each one alive, and hold them in the dungeons of the castle until Her Highness speaks with their Queen. Tell Breena to get the women and children to the emergency shelters we've set up along the south border of the forest. Get me Medu- er...Melissa. Tell her to meet us in the barn immediately."
"Yes, Sir." He ran off.
The bells were still sounding .This was real, Fauna thought.
"Fauna-" Jermaine started to tell her to stay in here. Her bedchamber was the safest place to be at the moment. She had tears in her eyes. He stopped speaking.
"This is all my fault." She said just above a whisper. "I should have said something to you right away. Now there is no time. I have endangered everyone's lives with my selfishness. " Her fear was palpable. 
He hadn't seen it since she had tried to get him to leave her, to keep him out of harm's way when she and her sisters went up against Maleficent in the final battle.
He stroked her hair gently.
"Fauna, my love this is not your fault. Do you hear me? We have time. Tell me, please."
A long pause of silence. How much should she tell him? 
She spoke.
"As you know, I spoke to the Council earlier today. They showed me evidence of Elves destroying the compounds we were in the process of constructing while we were in Africa. They said they had informed you."
Jermaine knew that was a lie. The Council despised him and refused him access to their meetings as well as pertinent information. 
"Like hell they did." He scoffed.
She continued.
"They wanted me to shut down the entire Fae Housing objective. They felt like I was endangering the people. I told them I would meet with the Elf Queen to form some sort of alliance. They thought my idea naive. Maybe, they were right. Maybe Queen Cauladra has too much hate in her heart for my sister that she would destroy us. Either way, it is my fault. I should have told you straight away, but I just wanted a moment... some time..." She was babbling now. 
He stroked both of her shoulders. 
She felt his reassurance.
"This isn't your fault, Fauna. We can discuss this and much more when we have dealt with all of this. Right now, my job and first priority are to see to your safety and everyone else's. Stay here. I will have Graan guard the door. Please, don't worry."
She looked up into his eyes and felt his love. He had always had a knack of making her feel better about the hard choices she had to make in her life. He was and always had been her anchor. She loved him deeply. She finally nodded her head in agreement.
He kissed the top of her head and exited the room. 
The bells continued to ring. She went to her vanity and picked up her wand and pouch that held all of her essential stones. She was ready to protect herself and her unborn children if need be. She said a silent prayer for her men and her husband. From what she knew about Elves it would be a challenge. That's what she liked about Jermaine, he was always up for one...

 





Chapter 19
"Work smart. Get things done. No nonsense. Move fast."- Susan Wojcicki

Killan found Breena helping cook and the maids pack up rations and essentials for the emergency shelters. It was like  watching a well-oiled machine. 
They had only practiced this emergency drill once, but it would seem like they had done it more than that because of how flawless everything was being executed. The chain of command had been utilized as well as the plan and everyone stuck to the task they were assigned in the event this actually happened. It was working. Killan was proud of Her Majesty and her Royal Commander for implementing this change. They had given them so much hope returning in such a battered state yet rising to the occasion and still had so much give  much more of themselves to give. It was extraordinary. He was proud to serve in Her Majesty's army. He looked up to Jermaine like he was a father. At the moment he had no time to waste. As soon as he saw her he spoke.
"Breena!"
 She looked up from her task and acknowledged him.
"Your Majesty has requested you assist Melissa in getting up to speed and have her meet with the calvary in the barn expeditiously."
He truly hated this was the only time he got to talk to her, or more like summon up the courage to talk to her. 
He had always had a crush on her. He thought she was beautiful and well deserving of her favor with the Queen. He could only hope to marry someone like her one day.
"Right away."  She agreed. 
She stopped packing the food in the satchel and walked towards the exit.
"Why Melissa?" She asked.
She knew he didn't know she was injured. No one did. She worried for her then. 
She walked past him just as she was about to exit he gently held her upper arm and spoke.
"We are under attack, and we need everyone to pull their weight now. Melissa is an awesome fighter. She bested some of our best men, and will help in subduing the enemy."
She rolled her eyes and sighed.
"Killan there is no enemy. We are all Fae."
He smiled at her response. 
"Be safe." He simply said and released his grip.
Breena smiled at him and exited the Kitchen. Breena had to admit that Killan was handsome and she knew a couple of the maids had crushes on him. She however couldn't stop thinking about Melissa as of late and the fact that even in an emergency with bells blaring she was happier than she ever recalled because she would get to see her again. She went up the stairs and down the long hallway that led to Melissa's suite. She knocked twice like always did and opened the door. To her surprise, Medusa was already dressed and ready. She wore dark green leather pants, black high-top boots with gold buckles. that went up mid calf. She wore a snake skin halter top and a dark green leather jacket. Her golden hair was braided. Breena thought she looked perfect. 
"I am ready." She stated.
"Yes, you are." Breena agreed. 
"Her Majesty would ask that you help by meeting with the Commander and his men in the barn. I can take you."
"No!" She near shouted. 
Breena jumped. 
She was embarrassed. She continued, "I would hate for you to get hurt." She meant it.
Breena smiled at her then.
Medusa felt a slow warmth spread from inside of her belly to her entire body. She was growing more and more fond of Breena.  She and Fauna had become her first friends. She recalled the night they were both drunk and Breena had taught her about the new world she was living in. It had been fun, yet informative. She had enjoyed that night. It was a perfect welcome to this quiet fae community she now called home. Her mind went to yesterday. She had overexerted herself fighting and had collapsed. Breena had helped her tremendously. She wasn't the least bit sore and her healing was rapid. Medusa thought she was beautiful, intelligent and sweet. A combination she seemed to favor. She snapped out of her thoughts, stepped forward and took Breena's hand in her own. 
Ocean Blue eyes met sky blue ones.
"I promise I will be safe.Besides, I have you to protect me." 
She was flirting with her. That mutual attraction they felt for one another was palpable now. 
Breena  stood up on her tiptoes and kissed Medusa on her lips. It felt like an electric current was running through her veins. She recalled feeling that way when she had touched her earlier. She felt alive. Breena broke the kiss and took a step back. She blushed.
Medusa found that trait to be adorable.
With a look of mortification she spoke, "I didn't mean to... I'm sorry !" 
She bolted out of the room before Medusa could say anything. 
A few moments later, Medusa left her suite. She walked quickly down the hallway along with other fae. It was a fast, shuffle walk. They were all going in the same direction. Except the Royal Guard who held their posts inside the castle. 
She watched as they all exited the castle and took the back way towards the south part of the property towards the forest. Medusa  walked in the opposite direction. She stopped only when she came face to face with Breena. She said a silent prayer that she wouldn't run from her like she had moments earlier. Her prayer was answered. Breena said nothing and just walked up to Medusa and engulfed her in a hug. Her tiny frame felt nice to Medusa.
"Be safe." She whispered.
Medusa's heart skipped a beat at the sound of her genuine concern. It had been so long since anyone cared for her in that way. It felt good. 
Medusa placed a kiss on Breena's left cheek, then walked past her towards the barn. She walked quickly and was at her destination within minutes. She entered and saw Jermaine along with six others standing in the center  of the building around four  large, wooden barrels that had been tied together. They were using it as a makeshift table. There was a map a top it. The setup reminded her of Athena and the stories she had told her about the battles she had intervened in.  
Jermaine was talking and stopped when he heard her enter. They all turned and looked at her. When she walked over to them Jermaine continued. "We are under attack by Elves. Our objective tonight is to simply apprehend them. "
"Apprehend them, Sir? They have already injured some of our men."
"Yes  Armand, I am aware of that. Killan has kept me well informed. We are still apprehending them alive. No lethal force. You have all been trained by me so I know we can do this without bloodshed. Her Majesty wants this to come to a peaceful head. Any man caught harming or using excessive force will answer directly to me, understood !"
There was a silence that let him know that they did.
"Now, Killan will take the west parameter. Search for other breeches and more Elves we may have overlooked. Armond you will cut them off at the north, and I will hit them head-on. Melissa, you will come with me. Everyone make sure we are on the same frequency. "
The bells had finally stopped ringing only to usher in the plan they were about to execute. 
"Let's go." 
Medusa dispersed with her team. They walked the path that led directly to the housing compound the Elves were waiting at.
Jermaine spoke directly to Medusa then. "Thank you for coming. After I saw you in combat I realized you are vital to our success as a community and need your help on this matter."
"Anything for the Queen. She has been very kind to me. "
His walkie talkie went off then. 
"B-team to Control. we are in position. Over."
"C-team to Control. We are in position. Over."
He responded back, "Control to b and c team we are 30.46 meters away and counting. Everyone hold their position until I give the order."
 Medusa was walking beside him.
"My men are impatient." They both picked up the pace and within a few minutes, they were walking up to the front gate of the housing compound. 
The large black wrought iron gate that had been locked was now wide open. 
She smelled something burning. 
"Shit." She heard Jermaine mutter as they continued walking. 
Once again, he pulled out his walkie talkie.
"Control to B and C team we are in position. We are here at the front of the compound the gate is open and we have proceeded forward. Over."
"Roger that."
"Roger that."
They walked further into the neighborhood. She saw windows smashed out of houses. Words written in graffiti on the outside of  some of the homes. Trash cans and refrigerators were thrown out on the lawns and sidewalks. They kept walking. Why? Medusa wondered. When they reached the end of the block they saw two male elves standing proudly, holding guns that were pointed in their direction.
"Not another step."  The young looking one said.
His gun was on Jermaine.
They stood seven feet in front of the Elves. 
"Aren't you an exotic beauty?" The older one complimented, and began circling her. 
She said nothing.
"I am Jermaine. I come on behalf of Her Majesty the Fairy Queen I am here to inform you that you are trespassing. We wish you no harm."
"Is that so?" He heard a voice from the porch say.  A large muscular male Elf stepped out of the shadows.
 Jermaine knew that was the leader.
He continued, "The way I see it, the Queen owes us this place and much much more. She let our young ones get snatched up by those human bastards and used for their god awful experiments. So pretty boy go tell the Queen we ain't going no-fucking-where!"
The other two Elves both wore a smug, rebellious look on their faces. They were proud of themselves. Jermaine had never been made privy to Royal business so he was unaware if what they were telling him was true or not. He saw three shadows of his men walking behind the muscular Elf. 
Jermaine kept talking to distract him. 
"And who should I say you are?"
"Agis." Just as he said it Killan put a pistol against his right temple. 
"Dammit." Agis cursed.
The other two men quickly got in position and pointed their guns at the back of both of their heads. 
"Drop your guns." Jermaine commanded and  pulled out his gun 
"Agis tell your men to surrender. Now"  Jermaine walked past the men and up to the porch. He stood on the second step.
"Like hell I will."
 "You have endangered the lives of your people, and not just the ones here. Do you know what you have done by trespassing on our land?"
"I'm setting things right."
"No, you have declared war. Will your Queen be pleased with this? Can she afford to go to war with The Queen of Fae and the I.F.A. ?" Jermaine saw his gaze waiver and already knew the answer without the Elf telling him.
 He suspected the Elf Queen probably didn't know they were here. A few seconds passed when at last Agis let out a high pitched whistle. The fellow Elves he had brought with him came out of hiding. Some were in plain sight. Others were hiding in the homes. They were all young. It surprised Jermaine that young people had done this. He listened to Agis as he spoke in their native tongue.
"Loi trut vine moi."The men and women dropped their weapons.
"Thank you," Jermaine said. 
His men swooped in quickly and safely secured each prisoner. They didn't have a vehicle so they used zip ties on their wrists and ankles making sure to utilize the ankle zip tie like a chain. It took them an hour to get back to the castle. Jermaine was elated that there was no bloodshed. His plan had worked. He would have to reward his men for their stellar performance. He had Killan oversee the prisoners  and them being held in the dungeons in the castle. They had enough room to hold them all comfortably. The dungeons also had special stones that prevented any fae from being able to use their magical powers to escape. 
"Medusa, thank you for your help."
 She wanted to tell him she didn't do anything, but he seemed so pleased with himself she didn't have it in her to tell him. He also seemed nervous underneath his stone cold facade. He tried to act the part but the tick in his jaw gave away his impatience. She watched him walk up the stairs towards the Queen's rooms?
 Chapter 20
"Worrying will never change the outcome." -Anon
Fauna paced back and forth inside of her bedroom. The bells had stopped ringing an hour ago, but she was still worried. There was a loud knock on the door. Jermaine came rushing in. She was so elated to see him and happy that he was unharmed. She ran into his arms. He swung her around. So much was said with just this simple gesture. She put her hands on both sides of his stubbly face and kissed his lips. Her feet dangling inches above the ground. She loved him so much, she thought. The Council be damned. He was her heart.
"It's over. We have captured all of them. They are in the castle dungeon awaiting your orders."
"Thank you." She took a sigh of relief. "Did anyone get hurt?"
"No one was harmed."
"Good. I must talk to their leader."
"Fauna, no. I will not allow it."
"You will not allow it? I am Queen. It is my decision alone."
"I am not only your husband, but your commander and that means I am in charge of your safety and I don't think this is a very safe thing to do."
"I have no choice."
He saw it again, that look of despair in her eyes. It had been the same earlier when the bells had tolled. 
"Fauna, you always have a choice."
"Yes, I do. I choose to see the leader and speak with him... Now."
"Fine." He set her down. 
She walked to her side of the bed and slipped her feet into her satin slippers. She picked up her green velvet cape from the chaise across from the bed. He opened the bedroom door for her. There were no longer any guards. They walked out of the suite, down the corridor and the grand staircase. Fauna walked a few steps ahead of him. She needed to speak with their leader before the Council did. They were working against her and if this problem didn't get handled properly by her she knew they would insist that she follow their orders. She put the hood on her head as they descended into the cold bowels of the castle. She recalled the last time she had been down here. Her sister had threatened Jermaine and tried to kill Maleficent. It was quiet. The black stone's power emanated the area. She went into the large room she recalled her sister using when she cast the spell on Maleficent. She stood exactly where she had. The prisoner shuffled in. His ankles and wrists were shackled. He also had a black eye. He was big in stature for any being. He stood 6'3. He was 250 pounds of solid muscle. He wore black leather pants and a plain white shirt that was ripped. Fauna didn't smile. She just stood there stoic and looking strong. Jermaine spoke then."This is Her Royal Highness, Fauna, the good fairy, Queen of the Fae. Your Majesty this is Agis, leader of the Elf rebellion and vandalism to the new homes."
Agis stepped forward. He was in the center of the room.
"What the fuck do you want?" He snarled in his thick accent.
Jermaine shot him a killer glance. "Watch your mouth or I will tear your goddamn face off!"
"Try it, pretty boy" Agis taunted.
Fauna rolled her eyes at how quickly both males got off track.
"Enough!" She boomed.
Both men stopped.
 "Agis! Would you like to watch your men die?" She asked plainly. She saw it in his eyes then. The concern.
"Nay, Your Majesty. I do not wish that."
"Then help me." He looked confused. "My sister was Queen before me. I know your Queen and she had harsh words for one another, and because of that my sister made a grave mistake that has unfortunately left everyone involved hurt. I wish to heal this hurt. I want to forge an alliance with your Queen. "
"Why?"
"Because I am not my sister. You have all been wronged and it is my duty as Queen to make it right."
"What would you have me do?" He asked after a long moment of contemplating her words.
 She did seem different than any pureblood Fairy he had met.
"Answer me this honestly. Did your Queen send you here?" She looked into his eyes.
"No, Your Majesty. She does not know we are here."
"Ah, I see. " After a few seconds of silence, she spoke. "Jermaine release these prisoners."
"Your Majesty?" He was surprised at her command. Losing the prisoners would weaken their negotiating position with the Elf Queen. 
"I said to release them! They are free to go." She took a small envelope with a green wax seal on it out of her cape sleeve pocket and gave it to Agis. "Give this to your Queen. Peace now lies in your hands young one. You are free to go."She stepped forward and touched his shackles. They fell off of him as if he was a snake shedding his skin. He looked down surprised. "Go tell your Queen what I have done for you and your followers."
Agis didn't need another telling. He quickly exited out of the chamber.
Fauna felt good about the decision she had just made. The slaughter of Elf children had gone on for centuries because of her sister's hubris as Queen. Once they were out of the dungeons and back into the great hall she took her hood off. She waited for Jermaine to catch up with her. When he did she saw his scowl.
"Why are you upset with me now?" She asked coyly. Still unable to read his emotions.
"I think the lack of sleep has lead you to make rash decisions, Your Majesty. You just let the prisoners who have been stealing and vandalizing your property go free."
She smiled. "I did the right thing. They were no threat. Yes, Agis was a big elf, but he was no more than sixteen summers. He is scared and feels helpless and a way for him to take back that power is to attack someone who couldn't help. Me. But I did. By wanting to form an alliance and empathizing with him I will be able to make significant leeway with their Queen."
" For our sake let's hope it does." He agreed...

Chapter 21
"Another Sunrise, Another new beginning?"-Anon

 After watching Jermaine give his men orders to lock up the Elves and vanish upstairs Medusa exited the grand hall of the castle and stood on the large steps. The sun was slowly piercing the night sky. She watched as the people from this community walked back from the shelters and got back to their usual early morning routines. She walked past the crowds of women and children and found herself following the warmth of the sun. She held her face up to the sky, feeling the crisp night air on it. She was on sensory overload. She could feel her skin soaking it up.  She closed her eyes to drink it in. She needed to slow her mind down. Having to help Jermaine stirred something in her that made her uneasy. Images of her turning men into stone and crushing them with her tail, flashed inside her head. There had always been darkness. The only light those poor men saw was the flash of light in her eyes right before she turned them. Her anger and rage for the monster she had become bubbled beneath her surface. The light was the only way to make sure she defeated Medusa 'The Terrible' for good.
Someone bumped into her. She opened her eyes to see who it was and saw Lavender colored eyes looking back at her. It was Breena.
"Melissa!" She exclaimed and smiled brightly. "Boy, am I glad to see you. Are you're o.k. ? "
 She  threw Medusa into her arms and hugged her.
Medusa wasn't accustomed to this type of friendly affection. She just stood there.
"I am fine. We captured the thieves and took them to the castle dungeons. " She answered. 
She couldn't believe Breena was acting like she hadn't kissed her earlier. 
"Where are you off to now?" Breena smiled. Her eyes twinkling.
"I was .... I was going to watch the sunrise. " She felt foolish making that admission. 
She was a warrior and warriors didn't watch sunrises.
Breena put her hand inside of Medusa's. There was that same electric spark she felt when she had touched her before. It felt as if it was coursing lightly through them. It was a bit stronger this time.
"Aren't you the romantic." She giggled. "I know the perfect place. Come with me!"
Breena guided Medusa quickly through the crowd and back into the castle. This time they entered through the study, which she maneuvered through deftly. She opened the double doors on the opposite end, out onto a patio that led to a white wrought iron fire escape that had been turned into a flower balcony. There were three more flights that led to the center roof of the castle. They were both out of breath when they reached the top and for a brief second Medusa thought she had missed it. She inhaled deeply and focused. When she did she was taken aback at the sheer beauty of the scenery she saw before her. The slow sunrise making it feel like a dream.
Breena broke the silence.
"It's beautiful isn't it?  I come up here to think sometimes, and to cry. It's also a great spot to watch the sun come up. Here, look over here."
She gently touched her shoulders and pointed in the direction of the lake. The sun had sprayed the clouds with different hues of pinks, purples and golds. It was a masterpiece. She hadn't watched a sunrise in decades and yet she couldn't recall one as lovely as this one.
"Thank you for sharing this with me, Breena. It has been a long time since I have been able to revel in the beauty of a sunrise." She smiled at her.
"I was worried about you." Breena admitted.
"Were you?" Medusa asked, still looking at the lush forests that surrounded this place. She was pleasantly surprised with Breena's honesty. 
"Yes. After I found you like that and then knowing there was a chance you could get hurt again...but you're O.k. so none of that matters." 
"You care for me that much?" Medusa asked, looking into her eyes.
She looked away.
Medusa held her gaze on her. "Breena, why did you kiss me?"
"Oh...that...I got carried away. I'm so sorry. I was such an idiot to do that. Especially without your permission. I-"
Medusa kissed Breena mid-sentence. 
Breena forgot her train of thought and melted underneath Medusa's touch. The little electric magnetic pull they had felt earlier was strong now. It was humming through their bodies. Medusa felt alive when she kissed Breena and knowing she wanted her to kiss her made it sweeter. Medusa had been bereft of human touch and affection for decades. It was time for her to reclaim it. Breena's tongue danced with hers and the world around them seemed to melt away and time seemed to stand still as they basked in the sunshine and their kiss. Medusa's hands stabbed through Breena's hair. Breena moaned into her mouth. Medusa broke the kiss and took a step back. 
Breena looked dazed. She slowly came back to her senses. She had never felt like that from anyone's kiss. They stared at one another. They both wanted more. 
"What are you?" Breena asked.
"I am yours..."





Chapter 22
"Great Victory requires Great Risk"- Hera
Agis waited just outside the property line of the castle for the rest of his people. They had been set free by order of the new Queen. Anyone else would have used them for bargaining chips ...or worse, but she had spared them in the name of peace. He saw the Royal guards watching him thirty yards away atop a balcony. Yes, she had set them free, but she was not an idiot.  It was a glorious property. Hundreds of acres. Some untouched surrounding the outside borders of the Castle to add a little more protection. The inside was straight cut, well-manicured lawns with gravel stone walkways and drives. It was straight out of the sixteenth century.

 It was a strong fortress and a dream shelter to any magical being with a brain. Agis was reminded of the cruelty of the mortal world. Mortals enjoyed saying they were open-minded, but in reality, they can't handle the simple concept of coexisting peacefully with magical creatures. Agis felt they were too tempted by the lure of the power of magic to be trusted with it. Being magical could be a lonely existence in this new, unforgiving and very judgemental world, but when you had a family it was a little easier. 
He saw his fifteen men stumbling and quickly shuffling over the grass and walking in his direction. He watched them. They were all young elves between the age of  fourteen and twenty, wearing tattered human clothing and boots with holes in them. They were demigods reduced to being homeless thieves, living in a moving caravan. This had always sat uneasy with him. Their living conditions and the fact that the last Queen did nothing to take us in or even assist his clan in their fight to retrieve the whereabouts of the children. Each one of the elves that made up this small rebellion had lost someone special to them because of Queen Flora's arrogance and disdain for those more powerful than her. The Queen of Elves. Though she was it was against their ways to co-mingle with others. Therefore making her ineligible to be the Queen of all Fae. Though rumors had always swirled that the Council had once loved her and wanted her to do just that, but with her refusal they shunned her. His childhood had been about survival and making sure his race existed. 
Today, after speaking with Queen Fauna he knew that the way he had been raised had led him as well as prepared him for this moment. They all jumped over the large black wrought iron fence and headed back into the forest. When they were a few miles out. Agis's cousin spoke. 
"What the fuck was that, cousin?" Vulas said.
He trusted everyone here so he spoke freely with them.
"The Queen wants something from Queen Alana. She can't do that if she has us locked up... or tortured. She is a smart one." He admitted.
The group agreed.
" How are you going to tell Her Majesty about this?" Vular asked, referring to the fact they moved against an enemy in her name without her consent. A major violation of the elf code. 
They trudged on through the forest following the iridescent magical trail only their Elf eyes could see.
"I will just tell her. I will take the full brunt of this." He spoke up. "I mean it! I want none of you taking the blame for this." He stared down all of them until each one reluctantly agreed.
They continued walking in silence. 
Agis was no longer interested in talking. He hadn't thought about the punishment. The punishment for insubordination was a whipping with a metal rod or even death. Since his mother was Queen Alana he wondered if his punishment would be more harsh.
He let Vulas take the lead and took up the rear, scanning the lush forest they walked in to make sure they weren't being followed by anyone or anything. No one knew where they stayed. They had become Fae ghosts. Moving from place to place within the deepest parts of the forests. They had been unlucky the day the other children had been stolen away. The scenery didn't change much the deeper they walked, with the exception of some of the trees growing and overlapping one another, making it seem as if they were walking under a foliage canopy.  
He saw a luminous, male peacock with vibrant purples, greens, and blues in his feathers out of the corner of his left eye. He stopped. The men in front of him noticed and stopped moving as well. He knew they could not see it. It was only for him. 
"Agis!" Vulas called.
"I need to take care of some ...uh...personal matters. I don't think I can make it the entire trip without relieving myself. Go ahead without me. I will catch up." He lied.
He would rather them think he was having bad stomach problems than know the truth. His group did what he ordered and walked on while he followed the Peacock who was rounding a large oak tree. He saw her. The beautiful apparition he was sure was a goddess. She stood five feet away from him. Her smooth, bronzed skin glowed  like the sun. She made his demigod aura glow, which he was only able to activate when he was angry or truly upset. She had given his rage purpose. He recalled the first time he had met her. He had been sitting by a pond cleaning his scraps and bruises. She had appeared to him in the same way. He had been shocked by her ethereal beauty and her motherly kindness. It was familiar. That day he had poured his heart out to her and told her about the I.F.A. and their complicit behavior in the death of his brother and so many other Elf children. He told her about how he wanted to get his revenge. She offered him a solution. She told him to bring his wrath upon the Queen. He had done just that and in doing so was given the opportunity to be apart of an alliance that would help his race get a more stable foundation. He had her to thank for this plan. He hadn't expected to see her again so soon.
She stood there looking at him with her kind, motherly eyes. He smiled at her, walked forward and knelt before her. 
She was pleased with his gesture of respect.
"I am honored you have returned to me once more, goddess. I hope it is on the same terms as last."
"It is. I have come to thank you for your kindness, my young Prince Agis. Time is of the essence now. Our plan is in place. There is not much else to do, but wait for your mother and the fae Queen to make the alliance. If you should ever need me just put out an offering of fresh pomegranate out for me and I say my name and I will make sure to hear you."
"I understand." He knew she was otherworldly. 
"You must also say my name three times."
"What is your name?"
"Hera?."




Chapter 23
"Bless these woods and all who enter here?"-Anon

The Elf camp consisted of an array and variety of tents, with pathways made from hay, and four large fire pits on each end of camp. It was abuzz with the Elven people selling their wares and going about their day-to-day life. Agis had grown up with this troupe of people. 
"Look who's back!" An elderly female Elf named Olga shouted! 
Everyone looked in their direction. A tall skinny elf, who was his mother's Chief advisor and Council, by the name of Jassin, saw him, then spoke.
"Agis, your mother, the Queen would have an urgent word with you."
The other's stood by their tents. Their parents standing on either side of them giving Agis a look of disappointment. A look he had grown used to since the death of his brother. He followed Jassin through the crowded walkway. Grabbed a roasted turkey leg from one of the tables that lined it and took a huge bite out of it. He was starving. He threw it in the wastebasket moments before he entered his mother's pristine tent. The inside was bright and luminous. Silver and white silks and satins decorated it beautifully. A sterling silver throne sat in the middle of the tent and above it hung a large crystal chandelier. 
He stepped forward. 
His mother was Queen Alana Daeroris, Elven daughter of Freyr. She was beautiful and had not aged a day since he had been a young elf. Her eyes were like green fire and expressed her anger. 
"Thank you, Jassin. " He bowed and exited the tent.
She quickly walked over to Agis. She was wearing a white sheer gown. She slowly circled him without saying a word. She stopped when she noticed his black eye. It was half shut. She placed her hand, palm flat atop it and pressed.
"Ouch! Dammit! Ma!"
"Do not speak to me in that way! Especially when I am trying to heal you!" She removed her alabaster hand and Agis's eye was healed.
"There," she said and walked away from him. She stood in front of her throne. "You have been gone for 24 hours. I thought ...." she trailed off. 
It hurt him to know he had distressed his mother in the same way their enemy had. She trailed off, then started again. 
"Are you going to tell me what happened, or am I going to have to pull it out of you!" She was impatient with him and had every right to be. 
He had lied to her and took 15 young elves on a possible death mission. He realized his rash decision now.
"I am sorry, mother. I acted rashly and could have put our people at risk." He meant it.
"Why Agis?" She asked, sounding more hurt than angry. 
She stood there looking into his green eyes. Her white hair slightly curled at the ends, framing her flawless, beautiful heart-shaped face. He was told he favored his father, but he had never met him. His father had died in Alfheim. His mother never spoke of it, and he never wanted to make her upset so he never mentioned it.
 "Mother, you know why!" He tried to not yell, but it was hard. 
They had had this conversation many times over the years and could never come to a joint consensus on how they should handle the missing Elf children. He hated when she went into denial mode, acting like his behavior wasn't due to the fact he missed his father and his brother.There was a long full pause.
 She spoke above a whisper, "This can't be for your brother. This careless and very reckless behavior cannot be for the other missing children. This was for you, my boy."
There was another beat of silence. 
"Aye." He agreed. 
As usual, she was right. 
She continued on, "You wanted to not just be a hero, but to be a good brother is that what I am to believe?"
He said nothing. 
"Why did you all not come home? Or answer Jassin's call?"
"Because we were being apprehended by the Queen of the I.F.A!" He exclaimed.
He saw his mother's facial expression visibly change from shock to mortification.
Her son was more rebellious than she had thought. She let him continue, already sensing that what he was telling her was the truth.
"For the past month or so when I told you we were scouting we were... At first... last week we found the housing complex they were building and just spray painted a few houses and broke some windows. We let off some steam. We made sure to dress up as American kids so they wouldn't think it was us."
"Agis, why?" The disappointment in her voice for his behavior was new. 
He had never heard it in hers before. He felt low now but had to confess.
"We saw them building for their special selection and it made me angry....us angry! How could they build this neighborhood and not think of us? How could they build schools for fae kids and not include us? It was all too much. I wish I could tell you I regret it Mother, but at the time I did not. It felt good, and from what any of us could tell we were in the clear. We went back to camp and acted as if nothing happened. Last night, we decided to do it again, but this time we were going to try and steal food or medicine, but we got caught. They could have killed us, but they didn't."
" And how did you get the black eye?" She asked.
"I deserved it. I guess. Anyway. I want you to give me the full brunt of the punishment. The guys don't deserve to be punished because of my stubbornness." 
She smiled at his ability to evade her question and to sacrifice himself for his group. He reminded her of his father. They had the same stubborn rebellious streak. That was actually one of the reasons she had fallen in love with him.
"It seems my Aggy has grown up in front of my eyes." She admitted, calling him by his childhood nickname only she used for him. "Anger is no good for you my boy. You are a half-white elf and half-mortal. If you succumb to the negativity you have a higher probability of going dark. Elwin was taken from us as were many more, but we must leave the past in the past. You must forgive yourself."
"I can't! And I will not stop until I find them or at least find out what happened to them. Their parents deserve to know. You deserve to know mother !"
She took his hands in hers, trying to calm him.
"You vandalized and stole from our enemy. Who deserves to know that? If you want to make Elwin proud you must think higher of yourself and your people."
"Now, that we can agree on." He agreed and smiled at her, and she felt like maybe she was getting through that emotional wall her son had built. "Before Queen Fauna released me she gave me this." He pulled the envelope out of his faded flannel shirt pocket and gave it to his mother. 
She took it, walked up the three silver stairs and sat down in her chair. She saw the dark green seal on it. She opened it.
 "Queen Alana, Thank you for taking the time to read this message. I hope it finds you in good spirits. I have released your men from my dungeon. They were caught stealing and vandalizing. I only ask that in return for their freedom that you please meet with me. Four days from now in the heart of the forest. I look forward to us coming together to find a solution that will benefit all parties involved..."
"What is this?"
"It is a letter the Queen gave me. She says she wants to form an alliance with you."
"Ah, that she does. Since you obviously think you know better than me what would you do in my position, son?" 
 Her son was doing more than testing the boundaries. 
"She offers peace and who knows, we could get some help on locating where the children went. We are surviving not thriving out here alone. I would meet with her." He answered confidently.
Queen Alana was proud that she had raised her son with the tools he would need and it showed.  
 "My young, ambitious boy." She smiled at him. 
She knew she could not whip or kill him. He was her only son and heir. Her reason for living. No matter how old he got she would always love him. She would always be by his side guiding him. "Go! Change and clean up before lunch," she commanded.
He smiled and hugged her. She joyfully returned the show of affection. Agis exited the tent. She walked down the steps and watched as he walked through the crowded narrow pathway. Her son was clever, but not this clever. 
"Your Highness, do you think the letter was sent as a trap from the Council." Jassin asked as he stood a few feet behind her.
 He had been by her side since she had left Alfheim and entered Midgard. She trusted him with her life.
" I was just wondering the very same thing, Jassin..."


per, "This can't be for your brother. This careless and very reckless behavior cannot be for the other missing children. This was for you, my boy."
There was another beat of silence. 
"Aye." He agreed. 
As usual, she was right. 
She continued on, "You wanted to not just be a hero, but to be a good brother is that what I am to believe?"
He said nothing. 
"Why did you all not come home? Or answer Jassin's call?"
"Because we were being apprehended by the Queen of the I.F.A!" He exclaimed.
He saw his mother's facial expression visibly change from shock to mortification.
Her son was more rebellious than she had thought. She let him continue, already sensing that what he was telling her was the truth.
"For the past month or so when I told you we were scouting we were... At first... last week we found the housing complex they were building and just spray painted a few houses and broke some windows. We let off some steam. We made sure to dress up as American kids so they wouldn't think it was them."
"Agis, why?" The disappointment in her voice for his behavior was new. 
He had never heard it in hers before. He felt low now but had to confess.
"We saw them building for their special selection and it made me angry....us angry! How could they build this neighborhood and not think of us? How could they build schools for fae kids and not include us? It was all too much. I wish I could tell you I regret it Mother, but at the time I did not. It felt good, and from what any of us could tell we were in the clear. We went back to camp and acted as if nothing happened. Last night, we decided to do it again, but this time we were going to try and steal food or medicine, but we got caught. They could have killed us, but they didn't."
" And how did you get the black eye?" She asked.
"I deserved it. I guess. Anyway. I want you to give me the full brunt of the punishment. The guys don't deserve to be punished because of my stubbornness." 
She smiled at his ability to evade her question and to sacrifice himself for his group. He reminded her of his father. They had the same stubborn rebellious streak in them. That was actually one of the reasons she had fallen in love with him.
"It seems my Aggy has grown up in front of my eyes." She admitted, calling him by his childhood nickname only she used for him. "Anger is no good for you my boy. You are a half-white elf and half-mortal. If you succumb to the negativity you have a higher probability of going dark. Elwin was taken from us as were many more, but we must leave the past in the past. You must forgive yourself."
"I can't! And I will not stop until I find them or at least find out what happened to them. Their parents deserve to know. You deserve to know mother !"
She took his hands in hers, trying to calm him.
"You vandalized and stole from our enemy. Who deserves to know that? If you want to make Elwin proud you must think higher of yourself and your people."
"Now, that we can agree on." He agreed and smiled at her, and she felt like maybe she was getting through that emotional wall her son had built."Before Queen Fauna released me she gave me this." He pulled the envelope out of his faded flannel shirt pocket and gave it to his mother. 
She took it, walked up the three silver stairs and sat down in her chair. She saw the dark green seal on it. She opened it.
 "Queen Alana, Thank you for taking the time to read this message. I hope it finds you in good spirits. I have released your men from my dungeon. They were caught stealing and vandalizing. I only ask that in return for their freedom that you please meet with me. Four days from now in the heart of the forest. I look forward to us coming together to find a solution that will benefit all parties involved."
"What is this?"
"It is a letter the Queen gave me she says she wants to form an alliance with you."
"Ah, that she does. Since you obviously think you know better than me what would you do in my position, son?" 
 Her son was doing more than testing the boundaries. 
"She offers peace and who knows, we could get some help on locating where those children went. We are surviving not thriving out here alone. I would meet with her." He answered confidently.
Queen Alana was proud that she had raised her son with the tools he would need and it showed.   "My young, ambitious boy." She smiled at him. 
She knew she could not whip or kill him. He was her only son and heir. Her reason for living. No matter how old he got she would always love him. She would always be by his side guiding him. "Go! Change and clean up before lunch," she commanded.
He smiled and hugged her. She joyfully returned the show of affection. Agis exited the tent. She walked down the steps and watched as he walked through the crowded narrow pathway.Her son was clever, but not this clever. 
"Your Highness, do you think the letter was sent as a trap from the Council." Jassin asked ashe stood a few feet behind her.
 He had been by her side since she had left Alfheim and entered Midgard. She trusted him with her life.
" I was just wondering the very same thing, Jassin..."


Chapter 24
"Love is the bridge that brings us all together"

Breena's cell phone alarm vibrated loudly on the Mahogany nightstand table beside her, waking her up from her blissful sleep. She adjusted her vision to the dimly lit, curtained room. She turned and saw a naked, sleeping golden-haired woman. 
This hadn't been a dream, she thought. She had come to know Melissa on an even more intimate level in a very short amount of time. After they had watched the sunrise Breena had walked with Medusa to her Suite, not sure she should stay. Once they were inside it was hard to keep up a conversation or their distance from one another. Their hands caressed as their tongues danced the intimate dance of kissing. Breena had never felt an attraction this intense. It thrilled her and it scared her. When Melissa's kissed her it made her head spin. She was inexperienced in making love or even in something as simple as a kiss, but with Melissa she didn't feel any of that. She was so compassionate and caring. She never felt pressure with her. She realized she was the one putting pressure on herself and this situation. When the kissing had moved to the bed and was on the brink of becoming a full on love making session. It had been Melissa who opted to stop the heavy make-out session and instead, held Breena in her arms until they fell asleep together. She had only meant to lay down for a few moments, but now looking at her phone she realized this was the first time in twenty years that her alarm had beat her. She would be officially late. She quickly put her blue floral dress back on, buttoning it quickly. She used her hands to comb through her purple hair. She was trying to smooth it. She looked back at the bed Melissa was still asleep. She smiled. She was beautiful even when she slept. She walked over to her side of the bed and kissed her on the top of her head. She didn't want to wake her. She quickly exited her bedchamber. The castle was abuzz with workers. Everything seemed like it was back to normal. She rounded the corner and quickly went down the grand staircase. She made a left and went into the morning room where she found Fauna sitting at the small white wrought iron table sipping tea. When she heard Breena's footsteps she turned around and greeted her. She smiled brightly and it made Breena smile.
"Good Morning, Your Majesty," she said as she curtsied.
"Good morning Breena. Come sit. Let's go over today's plans. I have been thinking of making some changes in my schedule today."
"Yes, Ma'am."
She walked forward and sat down at the table across from Fauna. She snapped her fingers and a writing pad and pen appeared. 
Fauna took another sip of tea. She had always been fond of Breena. She was kind, well organized and a good listener. She had promoted her originally because she had been the most kind to her when Flora had reigned. She had been just a poor servant girl. Wearing brown tattered rags for dresses. Her sister had refused to clothe the majority of the fae she had helped. Flora felt that her protection was enough. Fauna had always tried being kind. Feeding her whenever she saw her. She had even gave her some of her old dresses and some new ones she had purchased for her, in the hopes she would wear them. Later on, she found out Breena had never ate the food or kept the clothing. She would sell them to pay her "Protection" fees to the Queen by way of Spirion Versus. He was such a snake. It had made her angry. She shook off the dark thoughts. 
Both she and Breena were here now, Queen and ever dutiful assistant. Fauna noticed she was running a little late to breakfast tea, but she noticed she looked refreshed. Everyone else had looked tired from what had occurred just hours ago, including Fauna. It all looked as if it were back to normal, but she knew it was a ticking time bomb. She felt exhausted, unlike any other time she had felt in her life. Fauna knew she should rest, but she wanted to make sure she had attended her major duties today. She knew it was just a matter of time before one of the vultures from the Council got wind that she had captured the Elf culprits and released all of them. They hated her ability to see the good in all situations. She pressed on. Once she was done she could retire to her chambers and rest. That was all she needed, she silently reassured herself.
"Earlier today, Your Majesty was to examine the livestock on the west end of the property, but since we had the ...er..emergency. Farmer Benjamin and his sons have already sent a livestock wellness report." Breena wrote something down. Then began again, "Your Majesty has to do the final check off for the blood moon masquerade ball. It is the day after tomorrow. It will be held in The Grand Ballroom followed by a light dinner. Then after dinner, we will be having a viewing of the blood moon along with a firework show to end the night. We have two -hundred dozen red roses being delivered today along with the tapestries and streamers for the decor. "
With her mind on the alliance she wanted to forge she had forgotten all about the blood moon masquerade ball and how much effort Breena had put into decorating. It sounded like she had everything planned beautifully. The human guests would be impressed and sure to want to help her. She needed to form as many alliances as she could between the human world and hers. Their survival depended on it. When her sister had thrown this ball It had all been so boring to her. No one had paid her any attention. Flora always dazzled them with her extravagant pink formal dresses and pink rhinestone mask. Even in disguise, you knew it was her. Her other sister, Mary would be in a blue Rhinestone floral dress her tiny waist accentuating her other curves. The male species always flocked to her. She loved to socialize. Fauna had always been the one hiding in a corner watching everyone have fun. She had always dressed simple and in doing so people did not take much notice of her. They had thrown this ball since the early 1960s when they felt it was a good time for them to resurface into the mortal world. She recalled both parties were terrified mingling with the others. Fauna had the idea of a costume party so the mortal guests would be able to accept some of the faes better. Flora took it one step further and made it a masquerade ball. It was a roaring success and each year men in high positions of power all across the world coveted an invite. This year she only wanted mortals who wanted to help her further her fae immigration cause and not just be used for magical favors they desired. Flora enjoyed making people squirm and do her bidding when they had been in her debt. 
Fauna couldn't be that cruel. They needed strong alliances all over the world. Her thoughts turned back to Agis. She hoped she could trust him to deliver the message to Queen Alana.
 "Today, after I see the final touches. I will spend time with Melissa. How is she?"
Breena felt guilty then as if Queen Fauna could read her thoughts. 
She turned red in the face and stuttered."Me-me- Melissa is fine. She is fine. Why would I know about Melissa?"
"Because you were the last one to attend to her last night. Have you seen her ?"
"I...yes Your Majesty. I saw her just as I entered here. She is...well."
Fauna felt it. 
Medusa and Breena were intimate partners. Her powers were working. 
She smiled then."You have feelings for Melissa?"
Breena blushed more, and Fauna knew it to be true.
"I think it is very sweet. Melissa is from the old world where love was only meant to be indulged in if you were human. She is....Special. Love is the bridge that brings us all together. I am happy for you both."
Fauna was beaming at the thought of Medusa finding someone who loved her. It hadn't taken long. 
She stood up. Breena did as well. Fauna walked around the table and hugged Breena warmly. Breena returned the gesture feeling honored.
 "Breena, I hope you know you are much more than my assistant. You are my friend, as well as a trusted advisor. You can talk to me about anything."
"Yes ma'am, I know... and thank you. This just sort of... happened."
A Server came in and removed the breakfast tea from the glass table.
Fauna smiled at him. He returned the smile. She felt her knees go weak. She put her hands out on the table and caught herself from falling completely. 
The action scared Breena into action and she was helping Fauna steady herself. The server looked nervous.
Breena spoke then."Say nothing of this to anyone."
He nodded his head in agreement and headed towards the door.
"Oh, I am a little light-headed. I just need to get my bearings." Fauna explained. 
What was wrong with her? She wondered.
Breena smiled at her. She was worried about her, but knew Fauna didn't like anyone to pity her. Fauna tried to stand with Breena's help, but it was no use. Her legs were not working and her head was swimming. She felt sick to her stomach. She stumbled once more.
"Please! Your Majesty! Sit. I will get someone." Breena turned into a little magic ball of blue pixie fairy light and flew as fast as she could to the training grounds where she found Jermaine, who had been training with some of the young men. She flew to him and stood on his shoulder.
"It's Fauna to come quickly!" She buzzed in his ear.
She flew back over the trail and back into the breakfast room. She re-appeared average-sized. Fauna was now doubled over in pain in the chair.
"Your Majesty!" She tried to stay calm. She was terrified.
"Take me to my room Breena." Fauna said as she looked up at Breena. She saw the fear in her assistant's face.
"Your Majesty! Jermaine is on his--" Just as she is about to say it Jermaine burst through  the double french doors that lead to the Morning room. He was out of breath, but that didn't matterJermaine took one look at Fauna and knew something was wrong. His worst fears were coming true before his eyes. His wife was in danger and he was helpless to stop it. 
"Breena! I will carry her out of here through the servant's entrance so no one sees. You leave out the front door."
She nodded her head in agreement and moved quickly. 
She had thought the Server had left but saw him standing beside the door. 
His face looked as if it had seen a ghost.
"Will Her Majesty be alright?" The Server asked aloud. 
"Yes...Yes, she will. I need you to tell no one of this. Do you understand?" He shook his head. 
She stared him down."I mean it!"
"Alright, Mis. Breena, I won't tell anyone."
"Good, now we will both leave the room. You first."
He did as she had instructed. Breena made sure to close the doors behind them and acted as if nothing was wrong on the other side of the door. She watched the server head in the direction of the kitchens. When he went through the double doors she went in the direction of the gardens in search of Adler. She ran as fast as she could. She saw Adler tending to some flowers in the far corner. 
He smiled at her when he saw her.
"Please, come. Her Royal Highness needs your assistance."
"Right away..." 
Jermaine gently carried Fauna up the spiral staircase that was used for the servants when they cleaned. It was empty and lowly lit. 
"Jermaine." She said, just above a whisper.
"It's alright. I'm here. I've got you. Relax. I'm taking us to your room." He reassured her.
She put her head in the crook of his neck and closed her eyes once again. Her head was still swimming. "I ...I feel...so drained." She confessed breathlessly.
"Shhh..." He said as he climbed the last step and entered on the opposite side of the long corridor that led to her rooms. 
There was a guard in position by her suite doors. He quickly opened them when he saw Jermaine holding her. Once inside the suite, he continued to carry her up the small stairway into their bedchamber. He gently placed her on their bed, adjusting her head on the pillows. She didn't move. She had lost consciousness. He made quick work of getting her comfortable. He took off her slippers and the emerald green cape she still wore. Her satin green chemise was all that was left. He pulled back the covers and put her inside of it. He sat down on the chaise that was on her side of the bed. He hung his head in his hands. He was powerless. 
A few seconds later there was a knock at the door. He opened it and saw Breena and Adler. He stepped aside and let both of them inside. Adler smiled at Jermaine. Jermaine did not return the favor. Instead, he took the old man by the shoulder and pulled him in the direction of Fauna's sleeping body.
"What's wrong with her?" He asked.
He examined the sleeping Queen. He first picked up her right wrist and felt for her pulse. It was faint. He examined the sides of her head. 
"What happened?"He asked both of them.
"We were talking about her daily duties. She stood up and hugged me, and after a few seconds she almost fell." Breena relived the terrifying moment.
"Ahh.. did she say anything to you?" He asked Breena.
"No Adler. She just wanted my help." Breena answered.
"She told me she felt drained," Jermaine interjected.
"HMMM..."
"What? What is it?"
"I cannot be too certain but if I may." He pulled back the sheets and Jermaine and Breena were shocked.
Fauna was only nine weeks pregnant but her stomach now looked like she was roughly 21 weeks. Her green chemise seemed to be pulling on her abdomen. Jermaine couldn't help himself. He walked over and touched his wife's swollen belly. He felt a small thud. 
"I feel them!" He smiled in pure surprise.
Adler smiled at that."Yes, the babes are growing strong. Unfortunately, it is not so good for Her Majesty. From what I have seen she is going through the natural processes of her maternal gestation period considering the babes are..." He hesitated.
"What? Say it!"Jermaine demanded.
"Halflings...I meant no harm by it... I just..." He trailed off.
"It's fine! I understand. What can I do?"
"At this point not much. Her Highness will be slowly drained of her powers within the next few weeks."
"She will get them back, right?"
"I am not so certain."
Jermaine was exasperated with this man. It felt like he could only give him half-answers and speak in riddles when it came to his wife's pregnancy. 
"What are you certain of Adler! My wife trusts you with her life and the lives of our unborn children, but I do not. Tell me!"
"I have never seen a pureblood fairy survive the birth of a halfling, let alone twins. Her Majesty is already ahead of schedule by a month. All we can do is wait. She will have to tell us when she is in pain and ultimately, when she is ready to have them."
 Every time this healer opened up his mouth it made him more and more wary about their situation. Not only was there a chance that she could die during childbirth but if she survived she would no longer be able to use magic. He knew his wife was not fond of using it for everything but when she needed it, saved the day. Would she want to live in a magical world with no magic? 
"Thank you, Breena. See him out." She nodded in agreement."Oh, and have Melissa finish up the sparring sessions with the men today. Thank you both." 
Adler extended his hand. 
Jermaine shook it.
"I will try my best to help your wife. She is truly a Queen of the people."
"I know you will." He agreed gruffly.
They both exited the room. 
Jermaine pulled the covers back once again to look at her swollen abdomen. He put his hand on top of it and closed his eyes.
"Please, whoever is listening, don't take my family from me. Help me keep them safe."
He removed his hand and sat back down on the chaise. His wife was the strongest person he knew. She would pull through this and when she did, he would be right by her side...waiting.



Chapter 25
"When you Love someone, you never give up on them."- Anon

With Hera's warning at the forefront of Athena's mind, she decided to seek out Medusa to make sure she was still safe in Fauna's care. It had been less than a week since she had made the Fairy Queen awaken her beloved.
She had left before she could recognize her. She was full of remorse but knew her father's rules had been clear in how much a god could meddle in others affairs. That was the way it had always been, and now, here she was sitting in a large Oak tree with an adorable little girl eating a gala apple, intently watching Medusa below. Athena could tell that the little girl had the gift of premonition when they first met. She knew who Athena was before she had gotten the chance to open her mouth. She had been walking down the communal dirt path on the property. She wore a disguise, which consisted of jeans, a white t-shirt, sneakers, and a leather jacket. She was surprised at how comfortable she was in all the layers of fabric she wore. Her chocolate-colored hair was pulled up into a high ponytail braid. As she walked by different types of fae on the trail with her she could hear murmurs and chatter about an ambush that almost happened last night. It could be her stepmother's doing, or not. She would have to pay a visit to Fauna after she felt satisfied in seeing that Medusa was safe. She was nervous, even though she knew Medusa would not see her, or even know she was here. The further she walked into the forest on the trail the fewer people she saw. She stopped when she heard far off cries and noises she knew where the sound of swords striking other swords. She sensed It was just behind the brick building she was standing in front of. She was only there for a few seconds when she felt a twig hit her shoulder causing her to look heavenward. 
She saw the little girl sitting on one of the trees thick branches in the middle of the big Oak. She was smiling down at her. She then waved at Athena and Athena waved back. The little girl put her left index finger to her lips signaling Athena to be quiet. Then she used her right hand and motioned for her to climb up the tree. 
With ease Athena climbed up the large tree. She pulled herself up on the tree branch that the little girl was sitting upon.
"She is over there." She informed Athena.
Athena was pleasantly surprised at the strength of this little one's gift. She followed her finger and saw her, and just as she had feared, her heart skipped a beat when she saw her. Her beautiful Medusa. She was just as she remembered that fateful night, before her life had changed. She watched her watching several of Fauna's soldiers sparring with steel knives and swords. With an artful deft she weaved and walked her way through the crowd of sparring soldiers. Her golden hair was hidden under a black bandanna, except for the long golden braid that hung down her back. Her caramel skin and bright blue eyes always watching, taking it all in, and always ready to strike. Athena felt a small sense of contentment wash over her as she watched her longtime love oversee to their training. This was the happy ending she had wanted to give her and it would appear that she was doing it. She saw her smile and help a soldier get up from being knocked down hard by his sparring partner. 
He handed Medusa his sword and she instructed him on how to hold it and strike with it. He copied her movements and ended up knocking his opponent down. 
They both smiled at each other. 
She patted his shoulder and walked on to the next. 
Athena felt a prick of jealousy at the show of affection she had given the soldier. She still craved that camaraderie from Medusa.
 Athena took a deep, calming breath and checked her emotions. All of these emotions she was feeling she had thought were long gone centuries ago. She hadn't felt jealousy or the feeling of lust until now. She was logical and she had to remain that way. No matter what she felt.
"She is special, isn't she?" The little girl said, referring to Medusa, taking Athena's mind off of her thoughts. 
"Yes, she is quite special." Athena agreed.
There was a long silent pause. 
The little girl spoke again."She won't' teach me how to fight." She pouted.
Athena smiled at that admission and the sheer cuteness of the child.
"I'm sure she has her reasons and besides, a girl like you shouldn't be learning about combat. You should be in school learning."
The little girl rolled her eyes at that.
"You sound just like her. I can be smart and strong."
Athena recalled a young Medusa saying those same things to her and her family. 
"Yes, you can." She agreed.
They sat in silence for another twenty minutes.
"Well, it was nice meeting you. I must go." Athena quietly announced.
"You as well. The Queen is in her bedchambers. When you visit her use the kitchens servants' entrance."
"Thank you, little one."
"She will be fine." She reassured Athena.
Athena was moved by how well the child's psychic ability worked on her. She wondered if the child was a demigod, for they were the only beings powerful enough to read the minds of gods.
 Athena stood up on the thick branch and nimbly jumped over to the one directly across from it. She dropped and held on to the branch, her body weight swinging her slightly and then she let go. She landed on her feet and walked back into the direction of the castle. She took the little girl's advice and used the servants' entrance inside of the kitchen. It smelled delicious in the large room. It was also busy. Women sat at the table on one side they were peeling potatoes and on the other side, they were kneading dough.
She saw the servants entrance and quickly made use of it before anyone detected her. She took the spiral staircase to the first floor of the castle. She walked down the long corridor until she came to a door on her right. She turned the handle and entered.
 A man was sitting on one of the couches with his back turned. He could not see her.
"Leave the food on the table. I will make sure Her Majesty eats it. Thank you."
A few seconds passed.
 When the man realized she hadn't left he turned around, not recognizing her he quickly stood up and spoke with authority. 
"Who are you? And how in the hell did you get by security? "
"I am here to speak to the Queen." She explained simply.
"The Queen wants to see no one today." He retorted.
Jermaine had no idea who this woman was. He knew she was fae but he didn't know if she was an Elf assassin sent to kill Fauna. He quickly took out his gun and held it at his side.
Athena had always thought guns were so primitive and ultimately ruined hunting and mankind. She didn't want to fight him, but his loyalty to his Sovereign would probably lead to that.
"I mean you no harm. I am only here to speak with Fauna." She explained once more. 
"I already told you, my wife is seeing no one."
This was her husband. No wonder he was so protective of her, Athena rationalized.
"She will want to see me."
"You're going to have to get through me first." The way his square jaw flinched she knew he was serious. 
He would not allow her to see Fauna unless they fought. Athena knew fighting this being could kill him.
"I have no quarrel with you or your wife. I only want to help protect her and her kingdom."
"Who have you been talking to?"
"Please, put the gun down. I mean you no harm."
"I SAID NO.!" 
"Very well." She opened her arms wide. 
Her clothing changed right before his eyes. From her casual wear to bright, golden armor with a lightning bolt across imprinted on the breastplate. 
A bolt of lightning struck the hand that held the gun. He dropped it  and charged her. She diverted his assault and held his left arm behind his back while her hand was squeezing his throat.
"Do you really wish to fight a god!" Her voice boomed the question inside of Jermaine's head. "Do you?" She asked once more...
Fauna heard the loud booming voice and gingerly got out of the bed as fast as she could. She still felt weak from earlier this morning, but she had to see who it was causing all of the commotion. She saw Jermaine and Athena. Athena had Jermaine up against a wall. She was holding him by his neck. His feet were dangling. She let out a scream. Both turned and looked at her. 
"Athena! Put my husband down!" She shouted.
"This thing you call a husband has challenged me. Because you are my friend he is still alive."
Jermaine was sputtering and close to losing consciousness.
"I'm sure he didn't mean it. Athena! Please!"
She dropped him like a sack of potatoes.
Jermaine coughed and sputtered and drank in the air. He slid down the wall. 
Fauna knelt beside him, propping him up then. He looked like he was in pain. She touched his face. 
"Jermaine are you ok?"
He nodded his head yes, then looked up at Athena.
"I...I am sorry." His voice was raspy.
"I see that you are." Athena acknowledged. 
"Athena, why are you here?" Fauna asked, surprised to see the goddess standing in her Suite, pummeling her husband.
Jermaine stood up and so did she. 
Fauna sat down on the loveseat. 
Jermaine went over to the minibar and poured himself a cold glass of milk. 
"Please, sit with me." Athena morphed back into her casual human clothing and sat down beside Fauna.
"I came here because I feared for your safety... as well as Medusa's. My stepmother has decided that I must be punished for what we have done."
Fauna could hear the worry and fear in Athena's voice. She smiled, then patted Athena's hand like a mother.
"Everything is fine, and me." She held her slightly protruding belly and then rubbed it. "I am just pregnant."
"So nothing out of the ordinary has happened? What about the thing that happened last night?" Athena asked.
"That has been an ongoing problem since before my sisters' reign and will be dealt with shortly."
Her intuition had never been wrong. This time she hoped it was.
"I will stay here." She insisted, "To make sure nothing happens. I cannot trust my stepmother."
"No! Absolutely not!" Jermaine spoke up after downing the sweet milk. The effect was the same as liquor for Fairies. Fauna turned around and looked at him.
"This is not your decision to make." Fauna told him.
"Fauna, your health is all that matters to me. Not in-fighting between Gods"
Athena sat there quietly observing the two. Jermaine loved Fauna and Fauna loved him. She could feel their bond it was strong. She could also see Fauna's magical aura. It looked as if it was dissipating.
"Jermaine, we are vulnerable. With the growth of our children, my powers are waning. I can feel it, and it's only a matter of time before I'm completely useless until after they are born. We cannot afford another breach by anyone else. What if we are attacked by a much stronger force than what we've been able to handle? We have little choice."
He knew she was right. He was being illogical. She was the one who could see it from every angle. He was only seeing it from his, and he wanted her to survive this pregnancy and the people who were trying to sabotage her, the Council.
Fauna continued then,"Athena you may stay, but only if you must promise to keep away from Medusa and the others. No one can know who you are. If anyone sees you or asks you are extra security."
"I promise." Athena said.
Fauna looked at Jermaine then.
"Fine, she can stay in the cottage on the east side of the property. It belonged to an Ogre, but it's been abandoned for a few years now. I will show her to it. Now please, go rest." He chided.
She stood up then, walked over to her husband. When she stood a few inches in front of him she got on her tiptoes and kissed him on his cheek. 
He looked surly. 
"Thank you, Fauna," Athena said. 
Fauna smiled at her and walked back into her bedchambers, following her husband's orders.
"Let's go," Jermaine commanded.
Athena followed him out of the Suite. 
Once again, they took another servants entrance. This one was on the opposite end of the long corridor and had a steel staircase that led to the ground floor of the castle behind the kitchen. Athena took in the scenery. The bright blue sky along with the green, well-manicured lawns. Six-foot hedge bushes lined the perimeter. The air smelled clean and reminded her of springtime in ancient Greece. She wondered if there was anything worth hunting in this area as they walked through the hedges and into the forest. 
Jermaine chopped his way through an overgrown trail. She could tell he was angry about something. 
"I apologize for what I did back there to you." She was being genuine. 
She hadn't meant to harm him. She had never had any intention of fighting him.
"No need." He explained.
They trudged on in silence a few more yards.
"You seem upset," she prodded.
He whirled around at her then. The anger was bubbling underneath him now. She could sense it in him.
"I seem upset? Well, it's not every day a spoiled, pretentious, Greek God summons and forces your wife to awaken a Titan, one of the most unstable monsters in creation, and on top of all of that, I don't know if my wife will live to see our children born! So, yes, Athena, I am very upset!"
Athena hadn't expected him to tell her the visceral truth. It stung, but it was also refreshing. She instantly liked Jermaine for his candor and his undying loyalty to the Fae Queen. She had never looked at it from the perspective he had just presented to her. He was correct. She had still been selfish in her efforts to do the right thing. She knew Fauna was with child the moment she laid eyes on her. She just hadn't known how serious her condition had been. Seeing the damage on his face touched her heart.
"You are right. I have been selfish. I thought... I thought by doing this I would be selfless, but now..."
Jermaine felt bad now. "Dammit, don't feel bad. You did do the right thing."
They walked on for forty more feet. They reached a small clearing and she saw it then. It small grasstop wooden hut. He walked past her, opened the wooden door and stepped inside. She followed him inside. It was a simple, clean space. It smelled like cedar and ash from the wooden walls and handmade cobblestone fire pit that sat off in the right corner of the cottage. On the other side, there was a small sleeping cot. It reminded her of a small hunting cottage she had once owned on the outskirts of Damascus. 
Jermaine took a walkie talkie out of his back pocket.
"This a communication device. Push this button and talk if you need anything." He turned the black device to the side to show her the buttons. "Keep it on at night if you want."
He walked out of the cottage. 
Athena stood there, alone. Why was she here again? Her logic felt as if it was slipping and she was using her emotions more and more to guide her. Deep down She wanted to believe that Hera wouldn't retaliate against her and Medusa for fear of angering her father. Athena wanted to stay because she wanted to continue to protect Medusa and the others in a less controlling way. She wanted to truly be selfless and to do that she would have to integrate her emotions with her intellect. She would have to do something that scared her more than war itself . She would have to truly feel...


Chapter 26
"It's a new dawn, it's a new day, it's a new life for me. Ouh...And I'm feeling good."- Nina Simone

Medusa was feeling invigorated and lifted after supervising the soldiers training today. Decades of being the high Priestess to the goddess of Wisdom had taught her that the male species could not be trusted. They only thought of one thing and sorely lacked self-control. Of course, decades ago men did act that way. At least now they were all bark and no bite. She was perfectly safe with these men. 
They had all seemed apprehensive when she had arrived with Killan at the training area earlier today, but after he explained to them that she would be overseeing their training in Chief Jermaine's absence, as well as the expectancy that every man and woman was to treat her with the same level of respect as him no one questioned her authority. She felt validated today. They had all listened to her and applied her critiques to hone their skills. These men were not Poseidon, or like her sexist father. They seemed to revel in knowing their mistakes and correcting them. She recalled the treachery and betrayal she had felt from both men who had sworn to protect her. It had been too much to bear. 
Poseidon had tricked her, seduced her and mated with her against her will, violating the sacred covenant she had made with Athena when she was a young girl. Her stomach turned at the thought of the Posiden's hands on her body as she stood there helpless in a trance he could induce her in. Athena had turned her into a monster and she had turned every single man to stone after that. People had always speculated that the reason her eyes turned men into stone was because of the way she had been wronged by Poseidon. Each man turned had been a tribute to Athena to show even in her monster form the love she felt for her and only her was still there. It was all so painful to remember even though it was so long ago, but to Medusa, it felt as if it had happened yesterday. She was truly thankful for her second chance at life and love. 
She, Killan and Tuno had been walking out of the building with the rest of the soldiers. It was a sunny, day. 
She looked to her left at the big oak tree. She saw tiny legs crossed neatly at the ankle dangling from the branches . She smiled at that. 
Nanette looked down at her just in time and waved at her. She stood up then and within a few minutes, she was down the large Oak running up to Medusa. 
Medusa adored Nanette. The precocious little girl was becoming one of her dearest friends. She hugged Tuno and then took hold of his hand to help guide him on the path.
"Did you have a good view up there today?" Tuno asked.
"Oh, yes I did. Melissa will make a great Captain someday!"
Killan and Tuno looked at Medusa. 
"You flatter me, Nanette." She commented.
"No, Melissa I only tell you the truth. You are amazing. Your other friend thinks so too."
"What other friend?" Medusa asked now her interest piqued.
"The pretty woman that loves you." She contained her smile and they continued walking back to the castle. 
"Did the pretty lady stay very long?" She asked Nanette.
"Yes, she didn't want to bother you." She stated.
That sounded like Breena to Medusa. She thought it sweet that she came to watch her.
When they got to the fork in the trail Tuno and Nanette bid them their goodbyes and went in the opposite direction of Killan and Medusa. Medusa was elated to know that Breena had looked in on her while she had been supervising. She thought it was sweet, she didn't want to interrupt her. She and Killan walked up the front stairs and into the castle. 
Entering the great hall, they both took the grand staircase to the first floor but went in opposite directions. Medusa headed to her chambers and Killan was heading to the Queen's, no doubt to tell Jermaine how it all went today. She couldn't wait to see Breena. Earlier when she had informed her about taking over for Jermaine they had promised to meet back at the room when they were done with their duties. Medusa opened her bedroom door to find Breena wearing a thin lace chemise with a silk robe on. Breena smiled brightly as Medusa came in the door. Medusa thought she looked beautiful and Medusa immediately wanted to kiss her. She sat all of her fighting gear down and began taking her jacket and vest off. Breena walked over and began helping her do that as well. In between removing and item of clothing, she would kiss her. Until she was completely naked. Medusa returned the favor and slowly undressed Breena. When the task was done she marveled at her naked beauty made Medusa wet with desire. She wanted to give her more than pleasure. She wanted to give her herself completely. Their hands lightly traced each other's skin. The erotic motion sent chills and made their groins ripe with desire. Medusa cupped Breena's breast, leaned forward and began suckling it. Breena let out a loud moan and a gasp from the heightened sensation. Medusa enjoyed knowing she had that type of power over this delicate, beautiful creature who wanted nothing more than to be hers. With every suckle, Breena panted louder and clung to her. 
This sexual encounter was much different than what she had experienced with Athena. Not in a bad way. Athena had been gentle and almost timid to touch her. The lovemaking had been sweet and reverent. This time, she was the one in charge. Breena's need for her seemed urgent and overflowing with an unbridled passion she had never felt before. Breena put her hand over Medusa's then and moved it slowly in between her legs, both touching her core. Medusa felt her wet heat and she knew she was the cause of it and was turned on even more by that fact. Breena closed her eyes and held her head back enjoying the sensation she felt. 
"Yes, Melissa Please," she begged. 
Medusa wanted to give her everything she desired but knew this was not the right time. Breena was a trusting fae who seemed enamored by her and proved to be a very loyal companion this far.Though Medusa had regained a good amount of trust for men back. She still did not trust herself. Medusa wanted Breena to love her for her. She could not bond with her intimately until she gave back to Breena as much as she had given her. Medusa could not carry out her request. She gently pulled her hand away from Breena. The motion opened Breena's eyes. Violet met Blue.
"I'm sorry... I ...." Breena kissed her on her cheek as she gently caressed her other one.
"Don't be. I am rushing." She smiled at her nervously. "This is my first time... at anything like this. You haven't been here very long. I understand, and I apologize. We can take as much time as you like Melissa. No rush. Come, let's sit and talk about your day." She took her by her hand and led her to the chaise lounge where they both lay down together.
It was a wonderful feeling. Both enjoyed the feeling of the others bare skin. Breena lay atop of Medusa with her back facing her. Medusa's arms were wrapped around Breena. Her hands rested on her abdomen. Both of them stared up at the mural painted, gold-encrusted ceiling.
 "Did you enjoy watching me train the men today?" Medusa asked, recalling the conversation she had earlier with Nanette. 
 "I didn't have time. I was making sure the final touches on the blood moon Masquerade party were seen to since Her Majesty is on bed rest until the time of the actual event, which is in a few days."
"You didn't?" She was surprised at her answer.
"No, I'm sorry. I don't recall saying that I would..." 
Medusa's blood turned cold. 
There was a long pause before Breena spoke again.
 "I'm sorry I forgot..."
"No, it's alright you did not forget. I just thought maybe you had, because of the excitement you displayed earlier today when you told me I was assisting them." 
Medusa had told her first lie and she felt bad instantly. They both fell silent and forty-five minutes later Breena's cell phone rang. She got up and got dressed. 
Medusa walked her to the door and kissed her passionately before she left. Once she closed the door she dealt with all the information she had been given today.
She knew Nanette had a gift and was never wrong. So if she said someone who loved her very much came to secretly watch her today, she knew it was not make-believe. She just dreaded to think who it was. Deep in her bones she knew who it was. She had hoped that she would never have to deal with that being again. Fauna had told her it was by her request that she was awakened and restored. Medusa leaned her head back onto the door. Would she be able to resist Athena, her former lover?




Chapter 27 
"Masquerade! Paper faces on parade. Masquerade! Every face a different shade..." -Phantom of the Opera
Fauna was pleasantly surprised at the beautiful transformation the castle had undergone. It was abuzz with live music and positive energy. She watched from above as humans and fae mingled in the great hall. Everyone was dressed in their best formal attire for this party. It was a sea of Beautiful formal gowns and tuxedos. Although they all wore masks she could still recognize familiar faces she knew. She had been on bed rest for nearly 48 hours and was elated to be on her feet, moving around and feeling like her normal self again. Jermaine had left much earlier and was downstairs with his team securing the premises. She hadn't heard from the Elves and didn't know if the Queen was going to meet with her. 
She shook off the thought and continued to smile as the people and fae looked up and saw her watching them from above. She saw a masked Medusa and Breena happily walking arm and arm among the crowd of guests. They looked good together, Fauna thought. She could feel their love for one another. This night was going to be special. She could feel it. 
For tonight, Fauna chose to wear a dark, shimmering, green, sweetheart gown with a deep, plunging, v-shaped neckline. Her neck, ears, and wrists were adorned with large, dark green emerald jewels that winked and glittered in the candlelight. Her Emerald tiara had been replaced with a single gold band that was nestled in her platinum blonde hair. Her mask was black with gold and dark green sequin trim. It fit neatly on her face, only concealing her green eyes. Her royal sash rested atop her immaculate ensemble. Fauna's nature would never allow her to be as frivolous with spending and to throw such an extravagant party like this just for the sake of doing it. Her sister Flora, on the other hand, had done it every year for decades. Fauna thought she had felt like it was necessary to flaunt their powers and wealth. Flora had always thought humans respected money, wealth, and power. This entire ball had been designed to demonstrate that. Even though the world had moved on past magic, monsters, and fairy tales. They were living well and still very capable of exercising their powers for justice if they needed to. She saw Killan at the top of the stairs ready to announce her to the guests, as was the tradition of this event.
"Good evening, your majesty." He greeted her.
She enjoyed his costume. He was dressed similar to a knight and wore a gray, metallic mask.
"Good evening, Killan."
She stood at the top of the stairs and he began shouting. "Her Royal Highness Fauna, Queen of Fae and the magical realm."
She was nervous to use her powers tonight, after all the trouble she had been having with them these last few weeks. She still gave off the impression that she was floating down the stairs in her beautiful formal gown. She made sure to keep her head held high and to keep her gaze on her life partner. Jermaine had finally made it inside. He stood in the far back up against the opposite wall. Before the ball, they hadn't spoken about her health or Athena. Even with her powers waning, she knew he was upset with her and this entire Athena situation. When she reached the middle of the stairs she stopped to address the crowd. There were over 100 people and fae in attendance. A successful turnout. She looked out at the sea of beautiful, expensive masks that hid everyone's faces.
"Good evening everyone, and welcome to the I. F. A.'s annual blood moon masquerade ball." She announced, "For some of us, the blood moon can be an ominous thing and for others, it can be a truly beautiful one. Tonight, let us celebrate as one. Coming together to celebrate the moon and bask in its magic."
 With a smile on her lips, she closed her eyes to the applause of the crowd. She took a deep, grounding breath and lifted both of her hands. She heard a collective gasp of awe come from the crowd and she knew then that her magic trick had worked. She was happy and excited that her magic was working according to plan. White rose petals and rose tops gently floated down out of the dome-shaped ceiling like confetti. She opened her eyes to the applause. She scanned the crowd. She saw the dreaded members of the Council spread out throughout. She saw Medusa and Breena clapping and smiling proudly at her. She looked at Jermaine last and saw the slightest smile on his face. She finished descending the staircase.
"Let us start in the dining room!" She announced, "Senator Patterson will you be so kind as to escort me inside?"
"Why of course! I would be honored." He smiled at her.
She took his arm and led the way to the large dining room.
 A few weeks before this occasion, Breena had given her a list of people she was to flatter or entertain tonight for their support and favor. Senator Patterson was one of them. He was able to help her acquire proper travel documentation for her people.
They entered the large dining room. Fauna sat at the head of the table. Her guests all went to their assigned seats. On her left, sat Prince and Princess Kawi of Indonesia, and on her right, sat Vycount Spirion Versus, one of her Councilman. The first course was immediately served. It was a pear and endive salad. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves so far, and the night was off to a seamless start.
"Your Majesty, we are so sorry to hear about the accident." Princess Kawi said, referring to Flora and Mary's death. 
Per the council, as well as Fae law, no one outside of the fae community could know what had happened to her sisters. Every fae was given instructions on what not to say tonight in the presence of humans, and the death of her sisters was at the top of the list. It was the Council's belief, along with a good majority of her people, that humans comprehension of things otherworldly could make them fearful, and out of that fear they tended to blow things out of proportion. She smiled, but the sadness she felt for the loss of her sisters stayed in her eyes.
"Thank you for sending your condolences. For the first few months, it was brutal, but then I remembered that my sisters would want me-us, to go on living. We all believe in helping our people and in building lasting friendships with everyone. I only hope that I can live up to her high standard."
"Oh, Your Majesty, you already have. My husband and I are intrigued and truly moved by how much you have accomplished and done for your people in the short amount of time since you've been crowned."
It felt good for Fauna to hear that and she smiled at the compliment. 
Spirion Versus Interjected, "Your Royal Highness is indeed correct. Our Queen is a gem." He turned and looked into her eyes then. "We would be lost without her."
Fauna couldn't stand Spirion and he had never cared for her. Everyone in their community knew it. She wondered how he had gotten a seat beside her tonight. He and Malcolm Violetty were responsible for helping Flora's heart turn black. What was he up to? And of all the nights he chose this one to be up to something. She kept her smile pasted on her face when she spoke to him.
"You're too kind."
"And you are?" Princess Kawi asked Spirion. Her obvious dislike for him showing.
"Please, excuse my manners. I am Vycount Spirion Versus. I sit on the Royal Council along with other wise Fae, like myself."
She seemed intrigued now."Ah, how did you feel when her majesty decided to open a school for the fae children as well as open up her home to more of your kind?"
Fauna was quite impressed by the Princesses knowledge of her culture. 
"We all thought Queen Fauna's innovative ideas for a school were inspiring. We stood behind her and gave our full support."
Fauna wasn't shocked about the lie.
"Councils seldom seem so peaceful. You are very lucky." Princess Kawi stated.
Fauna smiled. 
The servers took the 1st-course away along with the silverware, which was then followed by the main course, a pineapple roasted pork with golden flecked potatoes. It was delicious. She felt her babies kicking. She smiled and put one hand under the table and rested it on her abdomen. The final course was homemade raspberry ice cream. Fauna did not eat it because for her kind milk was an intoxicant, similar to alcohol and she didn't want it to affect her babies. 
"Oh my goodness! This is by far some of the best ice cream I have ever eaten." Princess Kawi Exclaimed. 
Everyone smiled and nodded their heads in agreement. Her eyes rolled back in delight at the taste of the rich, creamy, flavorful ice cream. When she was done savoring her bite. She smiled and watched Fauna.
"Your Majesty, you're not eating. Is everything alright?"
"Yes, I am quite fine. I believe I have eaten too much of the main course to even consider eating the dessert." She laughed. 
Everyone within earshot joined in. When she saw people were done with their dessert She stood then and spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.
"Let us go to the ballroom and usher in the blood moon."
Everyone cheered. 
Spirion stood beside her and offered her his arm. 
She knew she couldn't turn him away. Not after the lie, he had told the royals about them being so peaceful towards one another. She knew she was being watched closely by all. 
She continued to smile, took his arm, and let him escort her to the grand ballroom. Once inside, the live orchestra began to play. The room was lovely. Golden candelabras with real candles lit up the room along with the vintage chandelier that decorated the ceiling beautifully. 
"May I have the first dance of the evening, Your Majesty. I would be honored?" Spirion oozed for anyone within earshot.
"Of course." She complied.
They danced around the room as if they had been dancing together for years. She had to admit he had always been a lovely dancer.
"You look lovely tonight, Your Majesty." 
"Thank you."
"I am glad that you are feeling well enough to play hostess."
"It is my duty, after all." She wanted him to drop the subject, but he kept talking.
They both kept their cordial smiles pasted for the onlookers. 
Fauna knew her face was going to ache from all the fake smiling she would be doing tonight. She looked over his shoulder and saw other people pairing up into couples and joining them on the dancefloor. She caught a glimpse of Jermaine, standing by the entrance staring at her. She wished she could dance with him instead of this viper. Her attention was once again brought back to the dance and her partner.
"Fauna, I know that I have not been kind to you over the years. I beg your forgiveness, and I apologize for anything I may have said or done in the past that caused you any embarrassment." Spirion apologizing to her was something she had never expected. She knew then something was amiss. She just had to wait patiently tonight for it to all unfold...
***
Jermaine had absolutely dreaded tonight. Not because of his job, but because he was still worried about Fauna. Her coloring had come back as well as her strength. He had to admit that she had looked ravishing in the dress she had picked for tonight. Her mask matched her jewels and crown perfectly. He had also noticed she was concealing the baby bump. He wondered why she was still keeping her pregnancy a secret. It gave him more reason to think she wasn't being truthful with him about something. He had been proud of her when she was able to use her magic and entertain everyone tonight. Now he was on guard watching Spirion the slimeball, trying to move in on his wife. First, he had watched him sit down next to her at dinner. He had wanted to walk up to him, grab him by his tuxedo collar, and yank him down to the seat Breena had assigned him. When Councilman Fli had made no fuss over Vycount Spirion taking his seat he knew something was afoot. Now he was watching it unfold in front of his very eyes. He wanted to pummel him when he watched him dance with her. During the dance for a brief second, he and Fauna's eyes met. She had a courteous smile on her face, but he saw displeasure in her eyes. The stiff frame she held was also another indication she wanted nothing to do with Spirion. He said a silent prayer to keep his feelings in check. He didn't want to ruin tonight by killing one of her Councilman...

Chapter 28

"Do not wait to strike while the iron is hot, but make it hot by striking it" -Athena
Athena waited until the Masquerade party was in full swing before entering the beautifully and intricately decorated ballroom. She was impressed at how ethereal and dreamlike everything looked, as well as everyone's attire. Queen Fauna had done well. The music filled the air while they danced, laughed and drank to their heart's content. If this had been her relatives' party they would have all been nude by now, and some poor mortal would have offered themselves as a sacrifice. 
Before she could go any further into the room she was stopped by a man wearing a black tuxedo like all the males in attendance. He was wearing a small, black, leather mask that covered his cold eyes.
"Invitation," he demanded.
She recognized his voice. It was the Queen's mate, Jermaine. 
She knew he knew who she was. 
"I don't have one." She admitted, smirking at his obvious dislike for her.
"Why am I not surprised to see you crashing this party? Her Majesty, Queen Fauna gave explicit instructions for you to stay away, and most importantly stay incognito."
"It is a masquerade ball. Your concern is undue but sweet."
He let her pass, not before speaking to her."Undue or not, don't forget the promise you gave my wife."
She nodded her head in understanding before she sauntered away. She wore a red, sheer toga dress that was held together by black silk rope. Her chocolate hair was powdered red to match her dress. Her Olive complexion was concealed with gold body paint. She looked like a living statue wearing a red Ostrich feather mask. As she made her way through the crowd men and women smiled and admired her beauty. She hated being on display, but tonight was different. She smiled back at them. Just as a server walked by with a tray of champagne she grabbed one off of the tray and took a sip. It was sweet and refreshing. The bubbles tickled her nose. It tasted nothing like the grapeseed wine her family swore by. 
She scanned the room. The more she did, the more she admired everyone's attire. She found Fauna. Impeccably dressed, surrounded by people, smiling and socializing like a true Queen. She scanned the room once more and her eyes landed on her. Medusa. In Athena's mind, a lone spotlight shone down on her and everyone else just melted away. Her heart-shaped lips were upturned with genuine laughter. She wore a snakeskin strapless minidress. Matching thigh-high boots, and a matching snakeskin mask that covered the entire top part of her face. To Athena, the mask only seemed to accentuate her beauty. Those Crystal blue eyes were even more eye-catching up against the dark contrast of the mask, not to mention those soft lips of hers. She watched as Medusa walked through the crowd and out onto the loggia. 
Athena slowly followed her so she wouldn't draw any attention to herself. She wanted to run behind her and catch her but knew it was pertinent to keep her promise to Fauna. When she finally caught up to her she found her standing alone looking up at the sky. She did the same. The visibility was beautiful. The stars and constellations shined bright in the night. She recalled the nights they would look up and talk about the gods and the constellations they inhabited. Athena had loved talking to her. She wished they could do that again. She wanted her companionship. She shook off the urge and continued to watch her. She stayed hidden behind an Arborvitae bush. Athena was no coward in any sense and having to hide from the one person who had understood her the most was slow agony. She wanted to look into her eyes and tell her how much she had missed her, and how sorry she was. Logic gave way to feeling. She was just about to reveal herself when she saw a petite beauty wearing a beautiful, purple, sequined, formal gown. She was wearing a purple feather mask. She playfully ran up to Medusa and kissed her on her lips. Medusa did not push her away. Instead, she wrapped her hands around the petite female's waist and deepened their kiss. She watched as it turned from playful to passionate. Athena felt as if she had been punched hard in her gut just then. Her vision became blurred. Her face felt hot. She doubled over in pain. She did not feel a myriad of emotions for Medusa now. She only felt one and it was jealousy. She had never thought Medusa would want love from anyone else but her, but in truth, it was Athena who wanted Medusa to not love anyone else but her. She couldn't watch anymore so she turned her back to it. At that moment she understood what mortals called 'heartbreak'...




Chapter 29 
"I have loved the stars too fondly to be fearful of the night..."
Fauna had never imagined having such a wonderful time at a party like this. Everyone knew she much rather enjoyed a casual get-together in the forest like the festival they had weeks ago, but she did. All the years she had stood on the sidelines watching her sisters entertain guests had paid off. Every Royal and diplomat complimented her on her hostessing skills. It was almost time to watch the blood moon eclipse occur. 
The large grandfather clocks that were placed in opposite corners of the ballroom chimed and everyone quickly walked out onto the Loggia and spilled out onto the garden patio. 
Fauna stood front and center. Prince and Princess Kawi stood on her left side and Spirion stood on her right. Everyone looked up and watched as the Moon passed directly behind Earth and into its shadow. 
In a matter of seconds, the large moon in the night sky turned blood red. Once again, she heard the audience gasp in awe at the natural wonder they were all beholding as well as the synchronized magic she used turning everyone's clothing blood red at the same time the moon turned. The crowd once again ecstatically clapped and cheered for her.
Once the crowd dispersed and reveled in her magical splendor she felt a positive shift in the ambiance of the party. It felt much lighter to her, and because of that, she knew that new alliances, as well as friendships, had been formed, and old ones would be re-kindled. Everyone quietly dispersed. Some went back into the party while others walked freely into the garden.
Fauna decided to stay in the garden still admiring the large red orb that was in the sky. She could feel the vibrations it gave off. The party had been more than a success. Her health was no longer an issue, at least not for tonight. She felt like herself again. Jermaine was worried about her and she didn't know how to reassure him when in truth, she couldn't reassure herself. She was terrified of the foreboding consequences this pregnancy was already having. She wanted healthy children and she wanted to be alive to see them. She felt like she had already asked too much from her husband. He had done so much for her over the years. Telling him all of her fears could be the straw that breaks the camel's back. 
 Footsteps behind her broke her thoughts.
She turned around thinking it would be her husband. It was Spirion. She had had quite enough of his company for one night. Since they were far enough away from earshot of the party she could speak to him freely. 
"I think we have done quite enough socializing together for tonight. I'm sure you can find someone else to bother."
"Your Majesty, this is no bother, and I apologize if you feel that I am. " She hated his smooth words.
"Enough!"
"Enough of what?" He asked, looking and acting completely innocent and unaware of what he was doing. Spirion was anything but those things.
"You are a snake. I am not my sister. Flattery and following me like some lost puppy will not work to sway me into favoring you."
"Is that what you think?"
"It is not what I think. It is what I know." She wanted to be done with this conversation. 
She saw his pretense fall away.
His voice held a cold, manipulative edge to it when he spoke again.
"You forget I am on your Council, Your Majesty. Currently, they want you to get rid of your...er problems. Do you not think an alliance with me could not sway them?"
She was silent.
"The 'truth' as you call it is that they are very unbending and serious about this. If you cannot marry a pureblood fairy they will take your Crown."
"And what do you suggest? That I marry you?"
"Yes, Your Majesty."
She didn't hide the shock she felt at his words. 
He rushed on. "It can be in namesake only. You would be able to keep the babes. I will help raise them as my own as well as give them my name and magic. "
"You know as well as I do that the possibilities of me or the children surviving are slim. This sounds like you want the Crown for yourself."
"No, Your Majesty, I would renounce my title if you wish. I only want to serve you and to mend old wounds."
She hated him, but the words he spoke were precise and logical. Could she trust him? The man who had helped blacken her sister's heart?
 After a long pause of silence, she asked him, "Why should I do this?"
"Because you know it is the logical thing to do, and we both know the Council will move to make the decision for you if you do not come to one of your own volition. Is that what you want?"
"Of course not."
"Then please, consider it. It is all that I am asking, Your Majesty."
"If that is all then I will think about it."
He smiled as if he had gotten what he came for, bowed to her, and walked back into the party. 
She felt trapped. The walls were closing in on her. She wanted to scream and cry, but instead, she took a deep, calming breath and went back inside. 
When she crossed the threshold she heard shouting. When the audience saw her the sea of guests parted for her. She saw them then. It was Agis. He was accompanied by one of the young men who had been arrested with him. There was also a much older man with him as well. They stood in the center of the ballroom looking hostile to everyone. Gone were the ripped t-shirts and jeans they had donned when she had first seen them. Now all three men wore traditional elf attire. Which consisted of black leather clothing  embroidered with intricate tree designs made from gold. They were enjoying scaring her human guests. It was in their nature to meddle and taunt humans. She saw Agis's smirk as he fake lunged at Senator Patterson and made him almost pass out from his fear of the tall young Elf. She couldn't let it go on any longer.
"Stop!" She yelled with authority.
Her voice boomed over the music and noise.
 Agis and his men looked in her direction.
She quickly walked to the center of the ballroom and stood directly in front of them. Jermaine was there in an instant along with Killan standing on either side of her. All of her guests took a step back.
Agis bowed to her, and the men behind him followed suit.
"Good evening, Your Majesty," Agis said.
"Good evening, Agis. I trust this night finds you well."
"Aye, it does." He agreed.
"I trust you are crashing my party because you have news." She inquired.
"This is true. Our Queen has accepted the terms of your meeting, and wanted me to deliver the news as soon as possible."
"Please tell her that I am very thankful for her speedy answer and grateful to her for considering this meeting."
He smiled at her and bowed once more. 
As quickly as they had appeared they were exiting the ballroom. Jermaine and Killan were on their heels. The interruption seemed to dampen everyone's spirits and moments later Fauna's security was escorting the mortals to their respected vehicles. 
She stood on the elevated stairs in front of her home and waved goodbye to them. Princess Kawi hugged her.
"Thank you so much for the lovely evening! We must get together soon."
"Yes, we must." Fauna agreed, before she and her husband were escorted to their limousine. 
Besides that minor setback, tonight had been a success. Her magic had worked, and the Elf Queen had agreed to her meeting tomorrow. She had been worried about her saying 'no'. She could rest easy, at least for now. 
She watched the final car pull away. Jermaine was by her side when Spirion walked up to her.
"Thank you again, Your Majesty, for an enchanting evening. I look forward to your answer."
She smiled at him as he kissed the back of the hand, bowed to her and left.
She and Jermaine walked back into the great hall, up the grand staircase, and back to their suite. Once there, she quickly slipped out of her dress and heels and donned a mint green chemise. Her belly was making the lingerie shorter. She rubbed it gently. She was exhausted. 
Jermaine stared at her for a moment and then spoke. "What was that asshole talking about back there?" She answered him nervously. "Oh, he wants me to consider something?"
"What would that something be?"
Silence. Should she tell him he proposed to her?
"Fauna?"
More silence. She felt so guilty. She should have told him the truth about what the Council had said but she had feared his reaction, just like she did now. She knew she couldn't lie any longer and the only thing left was to tell him the truth. He loved her and would always be there for her. She told herself her fear was ridiculous. She stood in front of him then. 
He stopped undressing. 
"He wants me to consider his hand in marriage."
"Fuck!" He exclaimed. 
For once he wished his gut instincts hadn't been right, but they were as usual. He had expected this, but it didn't stop it from hurting any less.
"Jermaine! Language!"
"You are worried about my language when that snake is trying to steal you away from me in plain sight! You can't be serious!"
"He is not stealing me away from you, and yes, I am."
"There is something you haven't been telling me and I want to know what the hell it is. Ever since the last meeting with the Council you have been distant."
"Jermaine!"
"Tell me! Stop kid gloving me. How the hell am I supposed to protect you...or love you when you won't let me?"
He was right. She could deny it no longer. She sat down on the bed then. He was still standing, feet apart and his arms folded across his bare chest. 
"Fine. The meeting with the Council went very badly. They wanted to gut the housing project. I told them 'no'. They never wanted me to do it, to begin with. They despise you and told me your incompetence as head of Security was why the Elves were able to invade our territory. I told them I would make arrangements to meet with the Elf Queen and form an alliance. When I offered this solution they took it but said they had more issues to discuss with me. It turned out the issues were my pregnancy and our marriage." 
"How?" He asked simply.
She could tell he was furious.
"Our marriage isn't sanctioned and we did not ask permission to have children."
He scoffed at that.
"We are bonded!" He yelled.
"Not in their eyes." She answered calmly, " To them, you are my consort and our children are bastards."
The words came out harsher than she wanted.
The silence now was heavy. She felt it. He was hurt and she felt like there was nothing she could do.
"I'm a half dirty blood, right?"
" No, Jermaine. You know I have never thought that about you. Never!"
"That was what you thought when you weren't Queen. Now you must do anything you can to keep the Crown. Isn't that right? I am a half-human, half-fairy and so are our children. We are expendable to them. They want to control you and the only way to do that is for you to erase me."
" And the babies." She whispered, ashamed to say the words.
Jermaine was disgusted at what he heard.
"You would go through with it?"
"No! I would not abort our children! I have waited for centuries to become a mother! I am not cruel. Jermaine, you know me!" Tears fell from her eyes.
Silence.
"The Fauna I knew wouldn't be pushed around by a Council. The Fauna I knew wouldn't entertain marriage proposals strictly based on the pureness of someone's lineage. The Fauna I knew would have chosen love over everything else."
"I told you I have no choice! I must marry a full blood Fairy or forfeit everything! You know the law just as I. I have looked in every ledger. Every book and every scroll. I don't know how to get out of this! "
"And that slimeball is what they want for you or are you actually entertaining the thought?"
Silence.
He got his answer. "I think I should sleep in the barracks tonight."
"No Jermaine, please, I..."
"What? Need me? You don't need me, Your Highness. I am just a lowly half-blood consort. My place is no longer by your side."
"Jermaine! I cannot do this without you!" Tears were streaming down her face now.
She saw the sadness in his eyes.
"I will always be here for you, Your Majesty. I need you to be here for me."
He was heartbroken. She could feel his heart breaking.
 "I'm so sorry." She wiped away her tears as more fell.
He said nothing. He got re-dressed and walked out of the Suite leaving Fauna with a feeling she hadn't felt in centuries. Alone?









Chapter 30
"Love doesn't erase the past, but it makes the future different?"-Gary Chapman

Medusa thought Fauna and Breena had outdone themselves with the costumes and decorations of tonight's party. Medusa had never been or seen anything as lovely as the masquerade ball. In all of her youth, she had never experienced this type of fun. In the old days when she was high Priestess, there were offerings and hunts where they donned gold war paint and offered their prey to the goddess Athena so she could continue to protect them in all of her godly splendor. Tonight, She had danced, ate food she didn't know existed and drank a sweet sparkly spirit called champagne. Medusa had genuinely enjoyed herself more than she ever had in the past and it was a bittersweet feeling. When the party had come to an end she and Breena retired her Suite. Medusa still hadn't revealed who she truly was. She didn't want to violate Fauna's trust in her. Her feeling for Breena grew stronger everyday and she wanted to spend every waking moment with only her. She knew she would have to speak to her about it and soon. Breena had listened to Medusa and instead of them kissing passionately they undressed got into her bed and held each other until they fell asleep.
It was almost dawn when she was awakened from her sleep by a loud banging noise. Her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting in her room. She slowly reached for the small dagger that she hid under her pillow out of habit. She saw the open window and realized that was what made the loud noise. The cool air made the curtains billow and dance in the early light. She got out of bed. Breena was still slumbering soundly. She reached the window and looked outside. The world was still asleep. Thinking it was nothing she closed the window and was about to go towards her bed. Someone was standing directly behind her. Her instincts kicked in and she held the knife up ready to attack. 
"Is that how you would greet me."
The voice was familiar, like an old song. It was Athena. 
Out of shock, she dropped the knife. She had known that sooner or later she would come face to face with her. She just hadn't thought it would be tonight in her room. A few seconds went by as they both assessed each other. Athens was still beautiful and unchanged by time. She wore a pearl white toga with gold rope and a golden laurel sat atop her head. She was smiling at Medusa as if nothing had ever happened.
"Athena, what do you want?" She asked coldly.
Athena's smile faltered from her icy countenance.
"I thought you would be happy to see me." 
She took a step towards Medusa. Medusa took a step back.
Athena walked away from her then and stood over her bed looking at the slumbering beauty that lay on her stomach asleep. Her purple hair covering her face.Medusa had no idea how Athena was going to act towards Breena. She was a god and all gods were jealous and possessive of people and things they possessed. Athena's eyes looked hard with jealousy now. 
Athena looked up at Medusa then.
"There was a time when you wanted me to be where she is now," Athena reminisced.
"What do you want?" Medusa asked once more.
"I wanted to...see you." Athena finally answered.
"You have accomplished that. Here I am."
"Yes, here you are in all of your naked glorious splendor."
"Leave," Medusa demanded.
"I thought..." Athena trailed off.
She really hadn't thought this encounter through. She had been so envious of the love she had witnessed blossoming between Medusa and this beautiful creature that lay asleep in her bed.
"That I would be happy to see you? That I would once again fall into your arms and be grateful to the all-powerful goddess Athena for restoring me to my rightful self after all these centuries?"
"You mock me." Athena was becoming angry.
"On the contrary. You mock yourself."
"Medusa-"
"Leave." Medusa cut her off.
"I-"
"You don't belong here," Medusa interjected again.
"And you do? You belong with me."
" Do I? Isn't this what you told Fauna I needed? A new start. Away from you and the dangers of your family."She answered her above a whisper, realizing now this had been a bad idea. Medusa was more than angry with her. She despised her.
"Yes, I did. My darling Medusa, I-"Medusa cut her off.
"Do not say that you love me. You only love yourself."
"That is not true."
"You forget I was still alive and trapped in your shield. I watched you burn villages. I watched as you let those men rape and murder innocents and slaughter in your name. You let them use me as a weapon for their own personal gain so that they would give you the glory."
"I am sorry for-"
"Leave."
"You would throw all we had away for...for that-"She said referring to Breena.
"What we had died the day you decided I deserved to be turned into The Terrible." 
"I will always be here for you, Medusa. Even when she runs from the real you."
Breena stirred awake.
"Melissa? Who are you talking to?" She asked.
Athena was gone.
"No one. Go back to sleep."
She got back in bed and held Breena once more with Athena's final words ringing in her mind...







Chapter 31
" Yesterday's competitors can become tomorrow's partners ."-Anon


Fauna hadn't slept a wink last night.
She had paced all night thinking about what had occurred between her and Jermaine until she saw the dim light of the dawn slowly making its way up the horizon.
The forest welcomed her as she made her way off the beaten path to the very heart of the woods. She felt strengthened by the energy it was giving her. She cradled her stomach as she kept walking. The early morning mist swirled around her. She had come alone just as she had promised. Her green velvet cape concealed her face. She heard the birds chirping and the gentle rustling of the trees from the crisp morning breeze. It made her think of simpler times in her life. A time when she could hide and find refuge in the enchanted forest. There had been no worries and no responsibilities, other than practicing her craft for her and her sister's amusement. Jermaine's words had danced around in her mind. Had the crown changed her for the worse? Was the power of it slowly corrupting her just as she had feared? She had replayed her actions and though she thought she had been protecting him from the Council she realized that she had done more harm than good. Jermaine had been right. He should have known about everything that was said immediately after the meeting had taken place. She knew he needed time to cool off. She just hoped he wouldn't stay mad at her forever.
She stood under the largest Oak tree in the center of the woods. Seconds later she heard a light twinkling sound. It was her. Queen Alana Daeroris, Queen of the midland Elves and the daughter of Freyr, God of Elfheim. Her beauty took Fauna's breath away. She looked angelic and otherworldly. She had never had the chance to meet her. She had heard about her years after Flora became Queen. No one knew why she had left the Fae community and decided to take her people with her. She had often heard her sister along with Spirion and Malcolm speak about her in a negative light, calling her a deserter. Out of sheer curiosity, she did some research of her own. The Fae Library and archives and found out that she had been the initial being they had wanted to appoint as Queen. She had denounced the position for a reason they did not document in the official records, but because of the undisclosed reason, they excommunicated her. Her sister was always contemptuous towards any and all Elves and refused to help them. She had always hidden behind the Council and their edicts. Decades had passed, but tensions between Flora and Alana grew. Alana had tried to be the bigger person and had asked for assistance in securing her camp. Flora had stubbornly refused. That cold refusal left the Elves in a very vulnerable state. Elven children had been stolen. Rumor had it that one of the children had been one of Alana's sons. Fauna had always felt heartbroken about the entire incident. Flora had seemed like it was a victory. To Fauna, the death or misplacement of any and all magical creatures was no victory. It was inhumane.
She bowed appropriately to the Elven Queen. And the Queen returned the gesture. A few seconds passed before she spoke to Fauna.
"I have come to hear your proposal. I must warn you that I can make no promises one way or the other, but I will hear you out."
"Very well. It is your choice, Your Highness. I do not meet you today thinking you will be easily swayed. Thank you for your honesty."
She said nothing, just stared at her with those piercing brown eyes.
Fauna continued, "As I am sure you have heard, both my sisters Flora and Mary were killed, leaving me the Crown. Because I am unlike my sister, Flora the Council despises me. They believe I am a poor Queen who rules with no logic just my heart. I have tried to help my people by giving them access to schools and the tools required to assimilate in the human world, should the need arise. A few days ago they showed me a video that showed some young elves ransacking and vandalizing our property. I suspect they wanted me to use extreme force when the next incident occurred. Something I'm sure my sister would have had no problem doing because of her contempt for you and her arrogance. They are blinded by their bias of you and truly believe it was you who gave the order. When the next incident occurred soon after I had your people apprehended and held in the dungeon with specific instructions not to harm them. They were all so young and I felt that you didn't know. I believe the Council wanted me to kill them and begin a war with you. I let them go as a show of good faith. I want no part in my sister's old ways or her inhumanity. I do not hold you in any contempt. I admire you."
"Admire me? Haven't you heard Highness. I am a poor queen who can barely take care of the elves? I have lost an entire generation to mortals."
"That was not your fault."
"As Queen, I am sure you are aware that everything that happens to your people you are to blame. Even if your sister had a hand in it."
"I cannot confirm or deny what my sister did or didn't do. I can only go on what I know. The Council made you an enemy and to this day they wish to see your people in disarray. I want to do nothing but help in any way that I may be able to. An alliance could end all of that."
There was silence.
"I need your help in finding the elven children. I must know what happened to them."
"Your son was one of them?"
"Yes. If you can do this for me I will consider the alliance you speak of."
Fauna wasn't sure she could do that for the Queen. The Council barely wanted to assist her in her own matters. How would they feel when they were ordered to help someone they felt was an enemy now?
"I will do my best. That is all I can offer. Do we have an understanding?"
Alana was surprised at her response. It wasn't what she was expecting. Then again, Fauna hadn't been anything like she had expected.
"Yes." Alana agreed.
"I will send my man with news right aways if or when I find anything." Fauna said.
"I will anxiously await the news," Alana confirmed.
"If you send some of your men tonight I will be more than happy to let you access our storehouse. We have more than enough food to share with your people."
"Thank you." She meant it. Fauna smiled then, feeling like they had made some leeway in this meeting. She watched Queen Alana walk away and disappear before her eyes, 
but not before she heard the same twinkling sound she had heard earlier...





Chapter 32

"Meaningful alliances aren't imposed they are con sented on?"- Indigenous Action Media

Fauna walked back out of the forest, using the same way she had entered. The sun shone high in the blue sky. Today was another beautiful day. She saw Medusa and Killan waiting for her on the outskirts of the forest. She hadn't expected either of them to be there.
"Killan? Medusa? Good morning. What are you two doing here?"
"Chief Jermaine told us to be here upon your return from your morning walk."
"Where is he?"
"The abandoned cottage. He said that he is on leave. You understood and would want Melissa to take his place until he was able to return to his regular duties."
"Ah yes, that is correct. I forgot." She lied. "Killan, thank you. You may go. I will have Melissa escort me back to the castle."
"Yes, Your Majesty."
Fauna smiled at Medusa.
Medusa did not smile back.
"What is wrong?"
"I am in a dilemma, and I was hoping you could help me."
"Yes?"
"I am in love."
"You are? With Breena! I knew it! You two are such a wonderful couple." She was smiling and happy for her until she saw the sadness in Medusa's eyes. "What's wrong?"
"She doesn't know who I really am. I feel wrong for hiding it from her."
"Ah, I see. That is a problem. I was given specific instructions by Athena not to reveal your identity."
Medusa' jaw clenched at the news.
Fauna could see she was angry.
"I'm sorry. I cannot allow it at this time. Trust me Medusa. It is for your safety."
She smiled.
Medusa looked away.
Fauna could feel her frustration and concern.
"She visited me."
Fauna stopped walking.
"What?"
"Last night after the masquerade. Athena visited me."
"How was it?"
"It was horrible. Breena was in my bed. She was still jealous, and very angry Athena I had known so many years ago. She told me that no one or nothing would ever be able to love me like her."
Fauna was shocked and upset at the words Athena had used out of jealousy. She placed both of her hands on Medusa's shoulders and looked her in the eyes.
"Medusa, that is not true! Someone will love you! Someone is already loving you. We love you!"
Medusa looked down once more feeling the tears welling up in her blue eyes, magnifying them.
Fauna's heart broke for her.
After a long moment of silence, Fauna spoke.
"I am sorry. Tell her."
"What?"
"Tell Breena who you really are. I have known her for centuries. She is kind and loving. She will not run from you. She will love you. Just as I do."She kissed her forehead then.
Medusa smiled through her tears at the sisterly affection."I love you too, Your Majesty."
Once they reached the great hall Medusa left her. Fauna quickly went up the stairs to her study.
Once inside she shouted, "Athena! I know you are here. Show yourself ! Now!"
She was slowly turning around looking up at the gold gilded ceiling. She stopped when she saw Athena materialize onto her brown leather sofa. She was wearing jeans, sneakers and a crisp, white t-shirt.
"Yes, Your Majesty. You called."
"What the hell do you think you are doing?"
"Well, I had thought I would blend in better by wearing clothes that fit this century-"
"You know that is not what I meant! How could you? How could you show yourself to Medusa?"
"Oh that. "
"Yes, that! You, yourself gave express instructions that you would not interfere in her progress here and yet you did!"
"I apologize," Athena said.
"What the hell!"
Fauna was so upset. She stood in front of Athena with her arms crossed.
"I couldn't help myself. After I saw her at the ball."
"You were at the ball? Dammit, Athena!"
"Yes, I was at the ball. No one saw me... except your mate."
She wanted to strangle Jermaine for not telling her Athena had been present, but could she blame him?
"It was a lovely party, Your Majesty."
"Athena, have you any idea what you have done? Do you even care?"
"Of course! I only wanted to see her and talk to her. I saw her with that 'thing'."
"That 'thing' is my assistant and one of my dearest friends. Do not speak about her or any other creature in that way! She has done nothing to warrant it!"
"I apologize," Athena said.
"You have undone all the trust she has instilled in herself."
"Hardly! All I did was go to her. It was in her private chambers."
"Wrong! What you did was break your word and her confidence in me and in the safety of this place. Had it not occurred to you that she would want nothing to do with the woman who cursed her?"
"I did that for her own good!" Athena argued vehemently.
"Did you Athena? Because it does not seem like it. The more I think about it and see how hasty you have been, I question your true motives. You turned her into that monster knowing no one else would want her. You used her as a weapon against her will. You violated her, just as your uncle did and like a jealous thief in the night you robbed her of her joy. You are trying to do it again, and I cannot allow it."
Athena was quiet at Fauna's truth.
"What would you have me do?" Athena asked, defeated by her own reckless behavior.
"Leave this place and Medusa."
"You know I cannot do that. Hera-"
"Hera, I will handle myself... if the need arises."
"Fauna, please, forgive me."
Fauna saw the sadness and felt Athena's pain. She was heartbroken. She sat down next to Athena then and held her hand.
"It is not I who you need to beg for forgiveness. It is Medusa..."





Chapter 33
"What is the value for this  partner, how does the partner work and operate?" Once this is understood and accepted, the alliance will work."
- Peter Drucker

Queen Alana watched the lone Fairy Queen walk away. She had used her cloaking magic to make it appear as if she had disappeared. The meeting they just concluded had been unexpected in a very positive way. She had learned more about this new Queen than she had imagined. Her sister, Flora, had always put up a wall of superiority and snobbish regality. Her son had not lied or embellished the truth when he had told her that Fauna was kind, generous and caring towards all living things, herself included. She sensed no ego or guise within her. Her proposal for the alliance seemed well thought out and when Queen Alana had asked her to find the missing Elf children, without hesitation she had agreed.
Her trusted Guard, Jassin had been sitting in the large oak tree the entire meeting listening. He rarely left Alana's side. Over the centuries that she had dwelled in Midgard, she had grown very fond of him. He had been with her since she had left Alfheim so long ago. Only her people knew how old she truly was, and the heartache she had endured because of her love for this place.
She had been a young Elf Princess captivated by Midgard and it's natural beauty. The time had been BCE. Before Christianity and crusades ruined the beauty of magic. She had fallen madly in love with a Viking warrior by the name Bjorn Ironside, the mortal son of Ragnar Lodbrok, who was a celebrated Viking leader and Warrior. She had admired his bravery, strength, and cunning. No man could best him in hand to hand combat or swordplay. He had admired her beauty, intellect, and ability to handle a sword. They fell in love with one another instantly. The feeling intoxicating and new to both of them. They would lay together in the green hills dreaming of a life together, until one day the Viking war had become so heated that he had no choice but to set sail and fight for his Clan. She promised him she would wait for his return, and he promised her that when he did, they could start their life together wherever she wanted.
While she waited for Bjorn's return her father King Freyr came to see why she had not returned home to Alfheim. Elated to see him, she told him all about the brave and cunning mortal man she had fallen in love with. She thought her father would be happy for her and the true love she had found. Her father loved her and wanted nothing more than his daughters to be happy, but he wasn't. She recalled telling her father about the promise Bjorn had made to her upon his return and how they would live happily in Alfheim together.
Her father had smiled sadly at her naivete and warned her that he would only be happy for a while in their homeland, for no human could live happily in their land forever. She reassured her father that their love would sustain them and Bjorn would never want to return to Midgard.
For 90 days, Alana waited for him. There was still no sign of him or the others who had left with him. A lone survivor found his way back and told the village the news of Bjorn's misadventure. Forty of his best ships had sunk and the men on them had perished. She did not want to believe the horrible news, yet she still cried for him.
That night, while she lay in his tent he came to her. She asked him how he had managed to stay alive. He told her he floated ashore and hid in a nearby cargo ship. Once the sailors were asleep he slaughtered them and took the treasure for himself, and headed home. He confessed to her that seeing her made him realize he had the best treasure of all, their love.
The journey to Alfheim was long and arduous. They spent the time laughing and making love. It was like a dream.
Once they arrived in Alfheim Bjorn met her father, the King and seeing Bjorn as a mortal man with good character he gave them his blessing and they recited the ancient bonding vows of marriage. In all of her excitement and adulation for the man she loved, Alana was remiss in telling him how things worked in Alfheim.
Several years passed in blissful peace and Bjorn was pleased to find that he did not age. Although he has fallen in love with her home just as much as he had fallen in love with Alana, Bjorn became homesick. He missed his home and family.
He told Alana that he wanted to visit home. He wanted to see his family and friends once more. Alana begged him to change his mind, knowing that he would be heartbroken if they did go. He was unbending in his decision and she, as well as her father, was unable to convince him otherwise. She did the only thing she could. She thought telling him would stop him. She explained to him how time slowed down in Alfheim and nothing in Midgard was what it used to be. His family and friends have become myths and he a folktale. He laughed at her, thinking she was being a mischievous, worrisome wife. He was still not persuaded and began preparing for his journey back to Midgard.
He promised her he would return and that he only wished to see it once more. Against her better judgment, Alana assisted him in preparing him. She gave him her favorite white steed to ride. She conjured up a map for him and gave him instructions on how to get back to his island. She felt helpless, but his love for her assuaged some of the pain.
Alana recalled the words she had told her love as if it had happened yesterday.
"My love, no matter what you see or hear or even feel. Do not set foot on the ground, stay on the horse."
He kissed her on the lips one last time with a promise she knew he couldn't keep.
As a precautionary measure, King Freyr sent one of his best guards to ride with Bjorn on the journey.
Alana felt despair and sadness overcome her. He was a strong warrior, but time was stronger.
Her father's words rang in her mind and she cried knowing she may never see her mortal love again.
A day later, her father's guard came back with only the white steed and no Bjorn. He explained to Alana and the King what happened and just as she had feared her mortal husband was gone forever. The guard explained that Bjorn had found his way back to his home and was horrified at what he found. Everything was just as Alana said it would be. Nothing was what it used to be. Everyone he knew and loved had been dead for hundreds of years. He learned about the death of his father and mother. His family was all folklore. He had become so overwhelmed with shock, sadness, heartbreak, and anger that he leapt from the horse she had given him. As soon as his feet touched the soil his body began to age rapidly, he soon became a decrepit old man and turned to dust before the guard's very eyes. The guard went into his satchel and pulled out a small gold urn. It was her husband's remains.
She broke down once more. Her father comforted her. Alfheim was no longer a place she could feel happy. It was a constant reminder of what she almost had with the love of her life. She blamed herself for Bjorn's death, if only she had been there. He wouldn't have been in such a state and would have listened to her.
When her mourning period was over she informed her father that she would return to Midgard. She chose to live in the world her love was from. Jassin and sixty more Elves volunteered to leave with her. Her Father never argued with her about her choice. He kissed her goodbye, and let her know she was always welcome to come back.
While in the Midgard they were able to hide in the forests and live peacefully among themselves. It had been the early 1600's when she had been introduced to the members of the Council. At that time they were just warriors trying to keep other magical creatures safe from the Knights and their hellish crusades. She had offered them shelter and protection deep in the woods.
They had all revered her and made her their Queen. She did not want that. She only wanted her quiet solace and because of that, they turned their backs on her.
Talking to Fauna had stirred up so many feelings she had tried to keep locked up inside, but now with talk of her having closure and finally finding out what happened to the Elf children, she felt like she could finally breathe again. She still couldn't figure out why mortals wanted to live here. It was in constant turmoil and pain.
She had told Fauna she would ally with her to broker some sort of peace, but the truth was Queen Alana wanted to go home. She missed her father and sisters. She wanted him to meet his grandsons and most of all she wanted them away from this cruel world. She had lost Bjorn to it and she could not afford to lose anyone else. She touched the necklace that she wore around her neck. The small golden vial on the end held Bjorn's ashes. She had been so forlorn and sad Jassin thought giving her children would help her find purpose and focus here in Midgard. he had been correct in that assumption, but now one was gone and the other was sneaking around the forest jeopardizing everyone's safety. The sooner they could get this alliance secured the sooner they could leave. She had to break the news to her people soon.
Jassin interrupted her thoughts by jumping out of the tree and landing next to her.
"The alliance she proposes seems very good,Your Highness."
"Yes, it does." She agreed.
"Soon we will be able to go home."
"Yes, Jassin. Very soon..." 






Chapter 34
"A sister is both your mirror and your opposite."- Elizabeth Fishel 

Medusa had a newfound validation after talking to Fauna. She had given her sound advice and positive guidance in a time she really needed it. Thinking back on it made her realize how sorely lacking she had been in that area in her life before now. Gods and Titans always dealt in secrecy and mystery. They were never allowed to interfere in Earthly business more than they had to. Her pain had resonated within Fauna and she felt her pain and frustration at her situation and took pity on her. This was one time she didn't mind it.
Medusa knew that Athena's request wasn't as innocent as she had led the Queen to believe. She had said her reason for awakening her was to atone for what had happened so long ago. Whatever the reason she was grateful. She had felt anger last night and something else when she had seen the glint of jealousy in Athena's eyes when she had looked at Breena in her bed. Medusa knew she would never able to truly be with Athena. The Universe wouldn't allow it. Even after all this time. The thought and realization hurt her. For so long she had tried to prove herself worthy enough to be hers. In the end, she still ended up compromised and cursed for it.
Every night since she had been transformed back from her mortal form. She was given up to horrible dreams. Those dreams were bittersweet memories of her former self trapped in a snake body that felt like a cold, dead machine. Her nightmares always felt like she was looking into a two-way mirror. They also always gave off the feeling of darkness and disconnection. The eery male screams made it all the more real for her. When she wasn't tossing and turning in her sleep, one constant stayed true throughout her nightmares and that was Athena. She recalled guarding Athena's temple and Athena visiting her almost nightly. she would caress her face and look past the monster she was. Medusa had been too monstrous to understand the tender show of affection, but now that she was awake. She was able to feel the emotion behind it as well.
Being in this sanctuary and being free from the grip of the past she was realizing Athena was her past and her past had led her to slavery. She wanted a future.
That future involved Breena. Smart, sexy, kind, funny, Breena. The girls whose inner and outer beauty shone like a beautiful paper lantern, warm and inviting as it carries you away on it. She always made her feel like she belonged. She did belong here. She could at least thank Athena for that as well. Filling in for Jermaine while he was away today had been challenging but in a good way. She was up for the challenge however many times Fauna needed her. She was happy to help. She saw her as a family now. The men and the women soldiers trusted her. And they all seemed to like her. She was rushing up the grand staircase to her room. She had thought of Breena the entire time she had been gone. She had been thinking about her a lot. Their schedules had begun to blend and Medusa had come to expect Breens waiting for her in her Suite when the workday was over with. She wondered what she would or wouldn't be wearing, and a silly grin formed on her lips. She was absolutely smitten by her and she couldn't wait to finally be open and honest with her about who she really was. She wondered how she would take the news. She opened the double doors. Her suite was empty. There was a note placed on the end table. She picked the folded parchment and read it.
"My darling, I have been sent to town. I will hopefully be back tonight.-B"
Medusa felt deflated. She had spent the entire day on edge burning to see and feel her and she wasn't here. She crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it on the ground. She let out a heavy sigh. She hoped she saw Breena soon...





Chapter 35
"Evil itself may be relentless. I will grant you that, but love is relentless too."
- Dean Koontz, Relentless
Athena had enough of playing nice with Medusa.

 Why couldn't she understand that she was hers and no one or nothing was going to get in the way of that? Not even that little magical nitwit, Breena. 

Her lips curled up into a cruel smile when she thought about how easy it had been to trick Breena and get her to fall under her God spell and manipulate her. She was tied up in the forest now, probably wondering how she got there, and why her magic was powerless against the bindings Athena had used. Fauna had told Athena to leave but she refused to do so until she saw and spoke to Medusa again. 

She knew without a shadow of a doubt that there was still love there. All she had to do was woo her once more and make her feel like they had in the early beginning stages of their love. It would work with her love interest out the way. It had to, she reassured herself. 

She had left the hut and set up a little camp away from the others. Jermaine was now staying inside of the hut he was angry with her as well as his wife. Things looked bleak for his situation. Athena's did as well, but she would get what she wanted. She always did. Medusa was all she wanted and needed. She felt like she was going mad and becoming consumed with her obsession. Her logic was malfunctioning. She needed her. She refused to wait any longer.

 She patted Breena's head. Breena tried to wiggle free but it was no use. Her hands, wrists, and mouth were bound. 

"Don't worry. I will take care of Medusa for you. Rest." She commanded.

Magically Breena fell into a deep sleep. 

She smiled. She teleported herself to the castle. She was in Medusa's room, medusa was sitting comfortably on the couch with her arms stretched out Medusa was hers and no one would stop them from being together. Athena walked forward quietly. When she was directly behind Medusa she slid her hands down her chest feeling her perfect breasts. 

Medusa's eyes were closed. She let out a sigh and spoke then, " My heart, you finally came back. That was a long trip. I missed you."

The silence made Medusa open her eyes. She sat at the edge of the loveseat now. "Athena, what are you doing here?" She grew angry at her presence. 

"I already told you all of this. Let's hold each other." She tried once more to hold Medusa. Medusa moved out of her reach.

"Athena, I can't." She protested.

"Can't or won't?" Athena asked. Annoyed at Medusa's behavior. 

"Both." She admitted.

Athena stood inches in front of her, moved forward and kissed Medusa. Medusa did not return the kiss. Athena tried again and Medusa pushed her away. She landed on the floor in front of her.

 "Stop, Dammit! Athena! What the hell is wrong with you?" Medusa cursed at her.

Athena was on the ground with her back turned towards Medusa, humiliated. 

"All I've ever wanted was for us to be happy together. Every step we took towards one another felt like three steps back. I don't care anymore. I would do it every day to feel the way we did before..." Athena let the words trail off.

Medusa grew angry. 

"Say it," Medusa commanded her.

 Athena's gaze dropped and she looked away. 
Medusa knelt in front of her, grabbed her by her face and made her look into her eyes. 

"Say it." She repeated.

"Before I turned you."

Silence. 

Medusa assisted Athena off of the floor before she left out of the room. 

"I love you, Medusa. I always have and always will. You are my one flaw. I am unable to stop loving you after all these years." She confessed to the empty room....




Chapter 36
 "The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." - Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace.

Seven Days Later?
Fauna had been enmeshed with finding the evidence she needed to persuade the Elf Queen to form a lasting alliance. Time was against her in every sense of the word. Her body was changing at a remarkable pace and Queen Alana wanted immediate answers. Answers that could bring peace and unite them after all these years. She had spent the past week researching and studying in the Fae Archive, the library which was situated in the basement of the castle. She had found some records that didn't paint her sisters or her handling the children in a very good light. It had been hard for her to read. The way Fauna had been so callous and indifferent to the life of ones similar to them. It had spanned for decades. Though the records were kept in impeccable order, she still found no solid evidence that her sister had anything to do with the disappearance of the missing kids. She had only found notes upon notes of many discussions that she and the Council had about it.

She had thought this would be an undertaking she could handle rather quickly but now all she thought of was the two children growing inside of her and the way her husband was no longer by her side to help her with any of this. It hurt to sleep alone without him. Her abdomen had grown even more. The stress from it was starting to show under her eyes. She was tired. She couldn't rest. She had to push through the fatigue and fulfill her promise. She was standing over stacks of papers taking slow deep breaths. Her abdominal and head pain was increasing and her magical abilities were waning. She had to finish this and find closure.

Medusa descended downstairs and stood at the entrance of the library, holding a lantern in her hand. 

Fauna looked up from the various assorted scrolls and parchment she had scattered all over the large wooden table in the library.
She smiled at Medusa, acknowledging her presence. 
She had become her main security in Jermaine's absence.
 Medusa smiled back before informing Fauna."Your Majesty, as you have requested Spirion is in your study waiting for you ."
"Thank you, Medusa."
Medusa looked different to Fauna. Something was wrong.
"Is everything alright? Did you talk to Breena about what we discussed?"
"No, I have not... Not yet anyway. She has been occupied for the last few days."
"Ah. I see." She said, as she quickly rolled up the scrolls she had been studying and put them in a long brown leather satchel she handed to Medusa.
Medusa had a concerned look on her face. "You must rest. You don't look well, Your majesty."
"I'm fine. Just not sleeping very well." She explained. It was all because Jermaine is no longer in my life, she added silently. 
She missed him terribly. He still refused to talk to her or carry out his Royal duties as head of her Queen's Guard. She didn't know what to do.
They ascended the basement steps together and took the doorway that led to a secret entrance that led to her private study. 
Spirion was sitting in a wingback leather chair near the desk that occupied the room. He wore a black suit. His white hair hung straight, past his shoulders. He was a handsome Fairy. He just wasn't Jermaine. He turned when he heard her and smiled at her. She did not return the gesture. She still was unsure if it was genuine or not. He stood up and bowed then.
"Your Majesty." He greeted her.
"Spirion." She returned.
Medusa walked forward and placed the large satchel on the desk. After that, she stood with her arms behind her back awaiting Fauna's instructions. She did not know this creature, but she did not like him. It was obvious to her that he wanted to replace Jermaine. Though Jermaine had been skeptical of her, he showed true loyalty and love to Fauna. She admired that about him.
"Thank you, Melissa. That will be all." Fauna informed her.
Medusa nodded and exited the room, closing the door behind her. Fauna felt a tinge of pain coming from her abdomen. Now was not the time for her to look or feel weak. She took a deep, calming breath. The pain subsided. She went to the task of quickly unpacking the scrolls and papers she had found in the Fae Archives earlier. 
"I am glad you called me, Your Highness," Spirion admitted. "I was beginning to wonder if you were going to take my proposal seriously or not."
"I actually have not given it any thought. I have been quite busy as of late. As I made you and the other members of the Council aware on our last meeting, I had a meeting with the Elf Queen."
"Oh?" His interest had been piqued at her admission. "How did it go, Your Majesty?"
"It went well.
""You have reached an agreement with her then ?"
"No."
"I'm sorry, Your Majesty I don't understand. You met with the Elf Queen and she said she would consider it?"
"Yes. If I did something for her."
"Which was?"
"Help find out what happened to the missing Elf children all those years ago."
"Tell me you did not agree to such an egregious condition?"She looked up from the scrolls.
 Spirion was so shocked he spoke freely.
"You can not be serious- Er. Apologies, Your Majesty. You have caught me off guard."
"I am very serious about this, and I intend to do just that."
"The Council will not allow it." 
She was tired and didn't really want to exhaust any more energy asking for their approval.
"I will deal with them all later. Right now I only want to deal with you. Come here," she commanded him.
He approached her and stood on her left side. She went back to her task and unrolled various scrolls and opened an old, brown, leather ledger.
"I found these records in our archive." She informed him. "We have impeccable recordings. See, this is a meeting my sister had with you and the Council regarding the Queen's threats."
He looked down at the notes she was referring to. 
She pointed to another.
"This is also another recording of after the children went missing and the Queen asked for my sister's help. You were the first to say 'no'. There is no more evidence. This is it. All the ledgers of people on this compound before we built this castle and established the I.F.A have been destroyed or blacked out." She looked up at Spirion then. She could feel his aura. Something was wrong. He knew more than what he was telling her. "Spirion, if you know something, please, tell me. I only want to help and to make amends."
He looked as if he were going to say something when the study doors burst open. 
They both looked up. It was Jermaine. He looked unkempt. Fauna was happy to see him. This week had felt like months.
Spirion visibly sneered at him.
"Jermaine- Captain! What are you doing here?"
"I am here to make sure no stuck up pureblood tries to take what isn't his." He delivered the words looking directly at Spirion.
Spirion scoffed at his insolence. "How dare you talk like that in front of Her Majesty. I assure you, I don't have to take anything. My lineage and influence make sure that I receive exactly what I am owed."
"Captain, please wait outside while I and Vycount Versus are finished here."
He didn't move.
"Please." She said once more. 
She could tell he was ready to punch Spirion. Seconds passed, feeling like minutes until he bowed low to her, took a few steps back, turned and left the room.
"Your Majesty, I cannot help you," Spirion stated as he walked from behind the desk.
"Why not?" She asked.
"Because what you ask could lead to something far more dangerous than you could ever imagine. Please leave it alone."
"Dangerous? What do you mean? Please, Spiriron if you know something tell me. I have already committed to this task."
"Your sister hated Queen Alana from the moment they met. Flora felt like she never belonged and never wanted to. She also felt like Queen Alana had a sense of entitlement because of what she was. When you and your sisters helped us form the I.F.A. Queen Alana did everything in her power to thwart it. She would meddle with the mortals we were seeking alliances with and in turn, they would run away from us. They refused to form alliances that could help protect our people. Queen Alana even went so far as to kidnap a few Politicians children."
Fauna had never heard this information before and it made her sick to her stomach. How could she and her sisters act so callously about young lives. 
Spirion kept talking."Your Majesty, I know I have not been a good Fairy but I am loyal to the Crown. When your sister wore it I gave her wise counsel. I can say wholeheartedly that your sister had nothing to do with the disappearance of the children."
"Do you know which children were kidnapped? Why are there no records of this?"
" All I can say is that the Council thought it best that we hide it. We wanted to appear neutral and the only way to do so was to delete all records of it."
It made sense to Fauna. The Council only cares for itself and their Sterling reputations. They probably felt like they had to cover its tracks.
"Can you find out if which mortal children were kidnapped by Queen Alana and who their parents are, please?"
"Yes Your Majesty. Your wish is my command."
"Thank you, Spirion."
"You are most welcome, Your Majesty. I hope that now we have this out of the way we can speak about the proposal"
He wasn't going to let it go, she thought.
"Alright." She agreed.
He looked pleased that she would hear him out. 
He sat back down in the leather wingback chair situated in front of her desk.
"Your Majesty, as you know the Council will want to reconvene with a solution in hand. I propose on that day we stand united and you inform them that you will marry me. I think this will keep them at bay."
She dreaded this idea. 
Jermaine's words rang in her head.
"I don't want to keep them at bay. I want this to be over with. I am trying to move our community forward as well as forge a strong alliance with another fae that could help us become even stronger. I cannot do that if at every turn someone is judging me or telling me that It is against their ways. Ways that have been long-standing, but are antiquated. If we were to be wed would I have your solemn vow that you would be able to control the Council and get them to see things my way."
 
"I can hear them!" She exclaimed as she put both her hands on her large belly. He smiled at her and placed a kiss on it...
****
Two hours later, like clockwork Vycount Versus' Valet delivered the names as she had requested earlier. Senator John McCallister and Prime Minister Hasselbeck were the only things written on the parchment. She folded it and put it in her pocket.

Jermaine hadn't left her side since the had reconciled, and shortly after receiving the pertinent information she and Jermaine headed off the grounds and were at the hut he had been dwelling in for the past week.

"We are home," he announced, smiling down at her as he held onto her and guided her inside.

She smiled at the quiet and quaint dwellings. It wasn't much, but it felt cozy. She was reminded of the first time they had shared the tent he had conjured up on that rainy night they had been forced to track down Maleficent. At that time he was just her security detail and she hadn't thought he knew magic because of his mortal upbringing. He had not only surprised her with his superior level and understanding of Fairy magic but his ability to evade her sister and her sinister intentions towards him or anyone who stood in her way. They had spent the night in that storm. She had been worried senseless about finding a brainwashed Maleficent. He had been so kind, patient and non-judgemental to her. They had made love for the first time that night. It had been her first time. She had felt so cherished that night and she hadn't stopped feeling that way since.
Jermaine set her satchel down on the small wooden cot in the far left corner of the hut.
"This is cozy." She said admiring the close space.
She had never been inside, but now that she was she had to admit it was homey.
"Just like old times," he smiled at her.
"Not exactly. This isn't a tent."
"True, but it is supposed to rain tonight."
He pulled her close and kissed her deep.
"I've missed you so much." He admitted once more.
She smiled at his admission.
"I missed you too," she said.
They stared deep into each other's eyes and without having to say a word Fauna began to slowly undress. She took off her cape first then slid out of the silk slip dress she wore. She stood in front of him naked and he marveled at her form. His heart swelled with pride as he drank her in. Her swollen breasts and belly was a testament to their love and bond to one another. She was so beautiful to him. He undressed quickly. They stood in the hut naked admiring one another until he walked over to the cot and lay down on it waiting for her. She slowly walked over to him. She felt nervous, just like she had their first time together. He felt so possessive of her. No one would replace him. No one. She was his and he was hers. She straddled him and gently stroked his muscular chest. He pulled her down atop his muscular chest and kissed her once more. She began to grind her hips on his already swelling groin and he stilled her movements by placing his strong hands on her hips. She broke the kiss then.
"Fauna, we shouldn't."
"Jermaine-"
"There is nothing I wouldn't do to make sweet love to you, but for the babies sake and your health I think we shouldn't."
He saw her smile turn to a small frown, and he felt bad for killing the romantic mood. Thunder rumbled outside and they could hear the sky open up and rain pound on the roof of the hut. Fauna got off of Jermaine and lay down on his chest. He gently stroked her back. She found his gesture comforting and before she knew it, she was fast asleep. Jermaine kissed the top of her head. His plan had worked. Medusa had been keeping him informed about Fauna. When she had come to him last night and begged him to help her with Fauna he had no idea just how stressed and exhausted his wife had been until now. Spirion and the Council be damned. He would make sure Fauna and his children were safe no matter what that took?
Jermaine awoke at dawn. He watched his beautiful wife sleep, and she looked peaceful as well as beautiful to him. They had spent the night holding each other and talking about their future together. It was a nice change of pace for them both. The everyday stressors of Royal life seemed to dissipate as they playfully argued about what names to give their unborn children. He was so glad his plan of whisking her away had worked.
When she was fully awake and ready to go back, Fauna and Jermaine went back to the castle together, hand in hand. The soul bond they shared seemed stronger than ever for both of them, and she felt like they would make it through whatever storm came their way. Her and Jermaine were laughing and playfully waltzing in the great hall when they both saw all of the members of the Council come inside one by one. Earlier Spirion had warned her that they were anxious to meet with her so that they could come to a consensus of what they spoke about at the last meeting. She hadn't expected it to be so soon, but here they were. They look unamused at their display of affection. They stared coldly at them both. Their obvious disapproval and disgust at their genuine love for one another on public display for all to see.
Jermaine's expression became hard and guarded. He hated them all. They were all pretentious, controlling vultures who wouldn't be satisfied until his wife was dead or worse, a shell of who she used to be. Fauna stepped forward then. Fli slightly bowed his head to her in greeting. The rest of them followed his suit and repeated the gesture."It's quite early." She noted, slightly annoyed at their urgency.

"Yes, your majesty. It is." Fli agreed, "But we see by your temperament that it is perfect timing. Shall we convene in the throne room?"
"Yes, we can." She said.
The Council of ten walked behind her and Jermaine in the direction of the throne room. Fauna felt their stares on her back as they walked towards the room. Everyone was silent. Fauna could feel her heart pounding in her chest. She still didn't know how she was going to address what was needed when they asked her about the missing children and the Elf Queen, or her and Jermaine. She kept telling herself to be strong for everyone's sake. Fauna walked into the large majestic room first and sat down in her large chair. Jermaine took his place and stood on her right side. They all looked at him.
"Commander Webster may leave. This doesn't concern him." Fli informed Fauna.
She saw the disdain for her husband in all of their eyes. She would not allow them to do this any longer. He was her husband and Commander. He earned the right to stand by her side.
"No. He stays." She spoke loud enough for her voice to echo in the room.
"But... Your Majesty we have very private business matters to discuss." Fli countered, hoping that would persuade her.
It did not.
"Yes, that is true but he will be here by my side. He is my most trusted. No more objections or this meeting is adjourned." She commanded.
There was an awkward silence. 

"Very well, Your Royal Highness." Fli acquiesced. "Let the meeting begin!" He announced. 
Each Councilman took their seat at the long wooden table. Once they were settled Fauna began.

"Per our last discussion I have spoken to Queen Alana."
Everyone seemed shocked, except Spirion.

"And?" Fli asked.

"And she will consider an alliance if we help her locate the missing Elf children."

"Consider your majesty?" Asked Chancellor Geofridus.

"Yes, Chancellor, Consider it. I cannot expect her to say yes to my proposal after all these decades of dissention between she and my sister. Her consideration of my proposal lets me know there is a small glimmer of hope and if there is hope we can surely move forward."

That answer seemed to confuse rather than appease the Council.

"What has Your Majesty found in regards to the missing elf children?" Chancellor Geofridus Asked. 

"Nothing of substance anyway, give me more time. I assure you all that this alliance can and will happen." She told them as she stared around the table. They all looked skeptical.

"Very well. Has Your Majesty given any thought to the other matter we discussed?" Fli asked, then looked directly at Jermaine.

"I have not." She stated.

There was a collective gasp. 

"Why not?" Demanded Vicar Enguerran. His face was white with anger.

"Because as I stated before I am happily married to the one I love." She stared him down then.

"But your majesty he isn't-"Vicar Enguerran was cut off before he could utter the despicable words."I know he isn't sanctioned or the Fae you would want me to marry."
There was silence. She kept speaking.  "Vycount Spirion has proposed to me."
All eyes were on Vycount Spirion. Some surprised, some were not.
"That is quite an auspicious match, your majesty." Fli complimented.She saw the Councils delight.

"I will have to decline the offer."

There was another collective gasp.

"Your majesty this is outrageous!" Grand Duke Fery declared.

"You must be wed to a pureblood!" Declared Squire Violetty
"No, I do not! And I will not!"  She yelled and Stood up then.

Her strength made them cower to silence.
"This man has showed me more loyalty than every single one of you here. He helped me save both the mortal and fae world and the repayment you want me to give him is to strip him of his titles and my love. Have you now shame!"
She looked at each Council member no one dared look her in her eyes. "You didn't press this matter with my sister so why now? Because you don't believe he is pre enough? Or loyal enough? Nay I think it is because you all think I am weak. Never forget how I came to become Queen. Never. You all could learn a thing or two from him..."
The Council was stunned in silence. Cardinal Crystoll smirked at her words.
"The Council must vote," Cardinal Crystoll stated. "All in favor of Queen Fauna and Commander Jermaine's union. Aye." She raised her hand first.
Then slowly all but Spirion and Malcolm raised theres as well.
Fauna felt elated. She had been unbending and it had paid off. They had accepted what she wanted in her life and she felt good about standing her ground. She refused to be pushed around any longer by the Council or her past demons.

"Thank you," she said.

One by one they stood up from the table, bowed at her and exited the room. When they were alone Jermaine walked over to her. He put his hand on her shoulder and squeezed it.

"I'm proud of you, Your Majesty. You stood up for yourself and for us." He smiled at her.

"I will always stand up for us." She smiled back.

He leaned down and kissed her lips. She felt a sharp pain in her abdomen and let out a low moan.

"Fauna? Are you ok?" He asked worried.

"Yes. I think so" she touched her abdomen. It felt tight. "It should pass." She inhaled sharply.

"How long have you been feeling like this?" He asked her. He was worried once more.

"Since we fought. I'm fine. I promise. I'm just a little overworked." She reassured him as she stroked his cheek.

He gently helped her out of her seat.

"I will go find Adler. You should rest."

"No. I can't. I have to schedule meetings with the American Senators. I am fine. I promise. Please, help me to my study."He gently caressed her cheek. She smiled at him. The pain had dissipated. She held on to him for support. 
Jermaine was proud of her for how she conducted herself in the meeting. She had stood up for their love and showed him that he was the most important thing to her...

It had felt like an eternity since Medusa had seen Breena, but in all actuality, it had been three days. No one around the castle or grounds had seemed to notice her disappearance. She was beginning to worry about her. She had asked Lorna, Breena's assistant. Lorna had assured her that Breena's  absence for a few days a month was typical. Medusa had a gut feeling that it was linked to Athena. 
The way Athena had shown her envy and pure jealousy over Breena made her wonder if the castle wasn't under some enchantment spell Athena had concocted so no one would even know if Breena was being held captive. Since she had made Athena leave her alone she had invaded her dreams in the most vulgar ways. It was heartbreaking and bittersweet to wake up and realize the goddess she once loved was now tormenting her because she could no longer give her what she thought she needed.She hated to sleep and she hated to be awake. Even in her isolation as the Terrible, she had never missed anyone. 
The days were beginning to run together and she was beginning to lose faith in ever being able to reveal her true self. She was standing on the rooftop looking out at the lush green hills and forest. Breena had been right. This was a great place to clear her mind. Now if she could just clear her mind of Athena?


Chapter 37
"Don't shoot the messenger..."

The previous night, Alana had received word from one of Fauna's messengers that Queen Fauna had wanted to meet with her as soon as possible. Thinking it was news about the missing children, Queen Alana saw no time to waste. She had planned on going alone, but when Jassin saw her walking alone and unescorted he refused to let her go, and as a precautionary measure he made Agis accompany them.

They had made it past the security guards that were posted on the property. They were just about to climb the stone stairs and enter the castle when the head of security interfered. Agis remembered him from their last encounter. He was usually beside Queen Fauna, but here he was. Looking formidable.

Queen Alana stopped at the bottom of the castle steps while Jassin and Agis stood behind her. Jermaine stood in front of the trio with his arms folded over his chest staring at them as if they were an enemy. Queen Alana could sense his love, loyalty and fierce protection for Fauna. She thought his traits were admirable and was reminded of her husband.

Seconds passed felt like minutes. Alana broke the silence by speaking.

"Greetings. I have come to see your Queen, Fauna. She has sent word."

"It was I who sent the note Queen Alana."

"You? Why?" She asked shocked at his admission.

Jermaine knew Fauna would be upset with him for interfering in her Royal duty, but at this moment he didn't care. He needed to keep her safe. Her health was waning. After he had escorted her to her rooms she had another fainting spell. It terrified him. Had he not been there who knows when someone would have found her and helped her. He knew it had to do with what Adler told him about her powers draining. He just hadn't expected it to happen this fast.

"My wife needs more time." He confessed.

"More time?" She repeated.

"Yes. She is ill..."

"Ill?"

"Yes. She is carrying our children and has fallen ill." He admitted.

Queen Alana had met Queen Fauna a few days ago she had been healthy. Was this all a ruse? or a way for Queen Fauna to back out of the deal they had struck to save face. She felt insulted.

"I do not care." She admitted.

"But you must." He replied.

"Your wife, the Queen made a promise to me. She promised she would find out where the missing elf children. You want me to feel sympathy for you and her offspring when you cannot find mine!" Her voice echoed in an unholy way.

"I apologize. That's not what I meant-" She cut him off.

"You have insulted me and my people. Tell your wife to meet me in the middle of the forest with her best man."

"You mean a challenge." He clarified her meaning.

"Yes, a challenge. If her man can beat mine then I will allow her more time. If her man falls then I am free to replace the elf children with some of the fae children you hold here. I will not be denied justice."

"That is ludicrous!" He felt defeated. He had only tried to help.

"See you all at dusk."

She turned around then and left. Both of her men followed her.

Jermaine felt like an idiot. He had only wanted to buy more time so that she could rest but now he had made a mess of what she had started. Maybe the Council had been right. Queen Alana was unstable and unable to be rational and therefore, couldn't be trusted.He had to tell Fauna what was going on, no matter how much it might upset her. He quickly went back inside the castle. Spirion was waiting for him in the great hall. He was standing in front of the large window. He had witnessed everything between Jermaine and the Elf Queen take place.

Jermaine still disliked him and knew he was up to something.

"What did Queen Alana want?" He asked, stopping Jermaine in his tracks.

"I invited her here to ask for more time."

"You did what! You fool! Elves do not renegotiate, and if that was what you told her surely she thinks Her Majesty is not serious about helping her and wants to attack us."

"Well not exactly." Jermaine corrected him dryly.

"Not exactly." He repeated.

"She has challenged Fauna to a duel."

Spirion's jaw ticked.

"The Council will be-" Jermaine interrupted him.

"Screw the council!" He yelled. "It's too late to ask for their permission. We have until dusk to pick our best man."

"Dusk is three hours away. And who is your best man?"

"I am."

"Elves do not play fair and they could kill you."

"Then that is my fate. I am not afraid to die Vycount." He paused and looked at Spirion the. "If anything does happen to me, I ask that you take care of Fauna. I know you had something to do with the Elf children missing and I know that you had something to do with the harsh laws her sister implemented while she ruled. All I ask is that you don't poison Fauna as you did Flora."

Spirion acted as if Jermaine never said the last words. He just looked him up and down and exited the castle.

Jermaine walked quickly to Fauna's suite and to her bedchamber. She was sound asleep. Her abdomen had grown more. It appeared to look like she was seven months pregnant. Their children were growing unnaturally fast inside of her. His gaze moved from her abdomen to her face. He noticed her platinum blonde and green tipped hair had been peppered with silver. Wrinkles were gracefully placed at the corners of her mouth and brow. She had aged within the last twenty-four hours.

She opened her eyes from her slumber. She smiled lovingly at him."My darling. You look worried. Is everything alright?" She asked.

He smiled at her and leaned forward and kissed her on her cheek. He then sat on the bed beside her and held her hand.He didn't want to bring this stressful news to her, but he didn't have a choice. "No, it isn't my love. I did a very stupid thing."

"Did you try to fight Medusa again?" She smiled at him.

He smiled at that remark."No, nothing like that." There was a long pause before his admission. "I summoned Queen Alana."

"You what! Jermaine! Why?" Fauna quickly sat up in bed.

"I did it to ask for more time. You are not well Fauna. You cannot keep exhausting yourself the way you have been."

"I have no choice. Jermaine, I gave her my word."

"But she did not give hers. Why can you not ask for more time? Until after the babies are born?"

"Because my sister had ample time to tell her the truth and she didn't! She has no mercy in her heart for the community who turned their backs on her and her people. The relationship between the I.F.A. and the Elves is already a precarious one and with your actions, you have made it dangerous. We could end up at war."

She sat on the side of the bed shoulder to shoulder with him. She understood his motives, but he had done a very foolish thing.

"There will be no war Fauna." He assured her.

"How can you be certain?" She looked at him then.

"Because she told me we have until dusk to meet them in the heart of the forest with your best man. She has challenged your house to a duel."

"Oh my god."

"If we win she will give you more time." He supplied.

"And if we lose?"

He didn't want to think about if they lost but knew he had to tell her."If we lose then we are to give her fae children."

"Jermaine!"

"I'm sorry."

"Apologies won't help us out of this mess. We must prepare now."

She stood up then. It took her a moment to right herself. She slid on her slippers and looked down at her stomach it was bigger than it had been yesterday. It also felt heavy. She walked by the mirror and saw herself. She touched her face. It was withering and had aged. She was losing her powers just as Adler and the old scribes she had read had said.

"You are beautiful," Jermaine said as he rested his hands on her frail shoulders and smiled at her through the mirror.

"We don't have time for your flattery. We must see if Medusa is well enough to fight."

"Medusa? Fauna! I am the best fighter for this." He complained.

"No, you're not." She admitted.

"Excuse me."

She heard the hurt in his voice.

"You have done quite enough. Let me get us out of this."

She put on a dark green high waisted dress and matching cape. He guided her to Medusa's suite. She knocked twice and entered when she heard Medusa tell her to 'enter'.

Medusa was putting on a black leather jacket when she entered. She turned and smiled at Fauna immediately. Her smile faded when she saw that something was wrong. Fauna had aged considerably in a mere day and she was very pregnant. It was an odd thing to see.

"Fauna, Are you feeling better?" Medusa asked tentatively.

"Yes, I am feeling much better after my rest. Even though I don't look it." She quipped. 
Medusa knew she was referring to the way she looked.
"Good."
"I have come to ask a favor of you." Fauna said.
"Anything," answered Medusa.

"I need you to be my sword today. My house has been challenged to a duel and I only trust you to win it."

She noticed Jermaine then who was standing quietly by the door. He looked like a sulking child.
"Does Jermaine agree with this?" Medusa asked.

"He doesn't have to since I am Queen but let's see. Jermaine do you have any objection to Medusa being my champion for this duel?"

They both looked at him.

"Of course I do!" He balked. "But as you stated it is what you wish and I will always stand by your decisions."

"Then it is settled." Fauna concluded.

"Yes, your Majesty, It is." Medusa agreed.

"Follow me."

Jermaine and Medusa followed Fauna in silence not knowing where she was taking them. They went down a servants stairway that lead to a stone wall. Fauna touched the upper left corner of the wall and it slid open to reveal a large secret room.

Jermaine had never been inside of here. His eyes adjusted to the darkness and he realized they were standing in a small armory. Each wall held different dagger, knives, swords, and shields. Fauna faltered and Medusa felt something jolt within her.

Jermaine came to her aide.

"I'm fine." She reassured him, righted herself and kept walking on.

Medusa saw the concern on his face for the love of his life. Medusa was reminded of Breena. Where was she? She needed her.

Fauna stopped walking and stood in front of a golden sword. Jermaine and Medusa made their way over to where she was. Jermaine saw Fauna trying to retrieve it, but she was too weak to so he took it off of its mount and handed to her. She held it out and looked at Medusa. Medusa thought it was a very fine weapon. It appeared to be made from precious metals.

"Long ago, this sword was given to a Prince to save his true love. It was enchanted by me and my sisters."

She handed it to Medusa then. She walked to the opposite side of the room. They followed her and saw her trying to pick up a shield. Jermaine was quicker than her and got it off its mount and held it for her.

"These weapons are special just like you. The sword of truth and the shield of destiny. I trust you. Now it is time you trust yourself..."


Chapter 38
"In every life, there comes a day of reckoning - a time when unsettled scores demand retribution, and our own lies and transgressions are finally laid bare"-Anon

The forest held an eery quiet that let Fauna know that all of nature would be watching this night. The pinkish-purple hues in the sky from the sunset added a sense of melodrama and foreboding for what was to come.
Fauna was too weak and unable to walk the entire way. She was baffled at the contrast of a mere few days ago when she had been able to walk this distance with no difficulty. Killan along with Armand assisted in carrying her in a small litter, that was fashioned like an open bed. Medusa and Jermaine walked on either side of it. Fauna had never used something like this for transportation. She hated relying on her men in this way. She was terrified about the outcome of this challenge. She knew that Elves were tricky creatures. She also knew that Queen Alana had very powerful magic and at the moment she couldn't perform a magic spell for beginners if her very life depended on it. After tonight's challenge, she just may have to use some. She touched her swollen stomach then.
Twenty minutes later, they arrived in the center of the forest. This time the place they had gathered at was cleared of all leaves and debris. A fighting ring was set up directly in front of the large Oaktree. Her men gently sat the litter down in front of the tree and she moved the white, sheer curtains. Medusa gently took her hand and assisted her in getting out. Fauna was surprised to see a crowd of Elves and her people already awaiting their arrival. It had all seemed to happen so fast. She slowly scanned the crowd and saw all of the members of the Council assembled there as well. She wondered who was here to support her and who was here to judge her for accepting the challenge without their permission.
There was a low buzz of conversation and then silence. The crowd parted and there stood Queen Alana. She looked beautiful in her smoky blue, floor-length gown. A sapphire and silver crown rested atop her silver hair.
Fauna met her in the middle of the ring.
Queen Alana looked genuinely surprised and concerned at Fauna's current condition.
"Your Majesty." Fauna acknowledged and greeted her. She tried to curtsy but her legs were too weak and she faltered.
The crowd gasped in anticipation of her fall.
Jermaine steadied her as he moved to her side.
Fauna looked at him and smiled her thanks.
"Your Majesty." Queen Alana greeted Fauna. "I must admit, that when I received word from you earlier today I thought it would be to give me more information on what we had previously discussed. I was shocked to find out that it was your husband, a lowly Commander acting in your stead. I thought it was all a ruse, but seeing you now I must apologize for my hasty decision. Unfortunately, once a challenge has been decreed it cannot be taken back."
"It is quite alright." Fauna lied. " I know the bad blood and mistrust runs deep. If a duel is what needs to be done in order to prove my word and to buy me more time, then so be it."
Queen Alana admired Fauna for her formidable attitude even in the face of sickness. She could tell that she was ill with childbirth. Queen Alana had heard of stories of purebloods mating with half-bloods as a result of that they would be drained by their own children. She had never witnessed it until now.
"Have you chose a champion, Your Highness?" Alana asked.
"I have," supplied Fauna.
She looked in Medusa's direction and she stepped forward.
Queen Alana seemed amused at her choice.
"You chose a very beautiful champion. Are you sure she can best my man?"
"She can best any man, that I am sure of."
"Very well. Let the challenge commence."
With Jermaine's help, Fauna was gently escorted out of the ring and seated inside the litter. The ceremonial drums began. Rumbling and invigorating the crowd. Medusa stood on the left and Queen Alana's son, Agis came forward and stood on the right. Queen Alana stood in the center.
She held up her hands and the drums stopped.
"Tonight we come to bear witness to the agreement set forth between the Elves and the I.F.A. The Challenge is over when one of you have been knocked out of the ring or injured to the point that you cannot continue. May the gods be ever in your favor." With those words, she exited the ring.
The cheers and howls from the crowd began. Medusa scanned the room and she saw her then. It was Athena. She wore a crooked sinister smile on her beautiful face. Medusa blinked to make sure she wasn't hallucinating. She wasn't. Beside Athena stood Breena, who was in obvious distress. Her wrists and mouth were bound as tears streaked her delicate face. Medusa looked around quickly. No one seemed to notice them. She grew angry. Her gut had been right all of this time. Athena had been behind the disappearance of Breena. She had told her not to harm Breena. She should have known Athena would do something like this. This was all her fault she thought. She wanted to free her but knew she couldn't, not until this battle was over. Her mind was gone now. She was no longer in the fight, and because of the distraction, she was punched on the chin unaware. She fell down hard and heard the crowd cheering and howling. The punch didn't hurt. It gave her a jolt. Agis towered over her.
"This is going to be easy." He quipped.
Medusa kicked him in his groin then and he fell to the ground across from her. She could hear female laughter from the crowd. They both stood and began circling each other slowly. Anticipating the others move. Agis pulled out his sword then and lunged at her. Medusa evaded the blow and pulled out hers. Their swords touched and the fight became heated in that split second. She swung with all her might and almost landed a hit on his right shoulder when he pulled her forward. With his other hand, he punched her in her gut. She didn't wince. She head-butted him and watched the blue blood squirt from his nose. They detangled their swords and once again they circled each other.
Jermaine was worried about Medusa. Over the last few weeks, he had come to know her fighting style and ability. It was always precise and calculating, but not tonight. Tonight she seemed distracted and he wondered why. He had seen her scanning the crowd earlier and watched on as her face turned white as if she had seen a ghost. He looked towards the crowd and saw nothing but the mix of onlookers. No one he thought she would know or be threatened by. Every hit and joust of her sword was off. Fauna had chosen her as her champion and he didn't know if she was up to the task.
Medusa and Agis were both out of breath. They had both fought hard. It had been a good fight. Queen Alana was pleased with her sons swordplay and was surprised that the beautiful creature had kept up. Medusa had evaded his sword and now she was using all of her strength to keep him at bay. He pushed against her. She stumbled and looked once more out at the crowd. She saw Breena once more with tears streaming down her face. Athena was looking on smiling at her demise. She couldn't lose. She wouldn't lose. She chanted to herself. Thoughts of Poseidon raping her and the way Athena had so callously turned her into a monster roamed free and wreaked havoc on her mind. She would not let her use her or her love against her again. She felt his blade stab her on her left side. She let out a gasp and heard Jermaine and Fauna cry out from the sidelines. She winced at the pain and knew then she had let them all down. She was no champion. She was just a monster pretending to be something she wasn't, a hero. She looked to the crowd again. Athena was still there with Breena as her captive. She locked eyes with them both. She felt the pain subside and suddenly she felt her old self coming through. 
Agis tried to pull his sword out of her side but could not. His face held a look of shock as he watched this beautiful creature's skin turn into a pale sickly green. A snake pattern formed on her shoulders and around her face. Her eyes glowed an unnatural green. Her nails grew into black long talons. Agis let go of his sword and took a few steps back then. She stood and took the sword out of her. Agis looked at the melted iron of his blade. It was impossible. Elf steel was the strongest. The crowd looked on in horror. Agis didn't know what he was supposed to do. He was too terrified of her to fight on. Her terrifying look paralleled her remarkable beauty. She was a monster. He had never been scared in his life. Not even when he had broken into the compound and thrown into the dungeon, but now, he could honestly admit that he was. In a flash she had him by his throat. He tried to get free. He looked into her eyes then and with a sinister grin, her eyes flashed green and Agis was instantly turned into stone. After she drug his stone body out of the ring. His mother, let out a scream. The crowd screamed and scattered at the horrific sight. Medusa picked up the sword of truth and turned her sights towards Athena and Breena. Her emotions were lost inside of her and there was only one thing she wanted to do. 
Jermaine and Fauna watched on the sidelines as she turned halfway back into 'The Terrible'. It was frightening to watch. Fauna felt helpless and out of touch now. She couldn't help her people or Queen Alana, whose son was surely fatally injured or worse. 
"Turn your backs to her and Run!" Fauna screamed to those who were still watching.
 As she shouted a sharp pain in her stomach began. She doubled over. Jermaine was holding her hand and gently sat her back into the litter. He looked at Killan and Armand.
"Get her out of here!" He commanded them.
"No, Jermaine! I will not go!" She yelled.
Both men looked confused and stood by watching people run and scramble as Medusa terrorized the remaining crowd .
"Goddamit, Fauna! You are not safe here!" He yelled.
Just as he said that he watched Medusa enter the dispersed crowd and Fauna saw it then. It was Athena and Breena. Fauna felt guilty then for dismissing Medusa's concerns that she had about Breena these last few days. Jermaine wanted to help calm the situation. He didn't know what Medusa would do in this state.
"Watch her!" He commanded Armand and Killan.
"Yes, commander." Both men said simultaneously.
"Jermaine, please don't do anything stupid. I can't afford to lose you. She can't hurt me. I am a woman."
He kissed her hard on the lips.
"I love you no matter what." He smiled down at her ignoring her words and ran in the direction of Medusa. Once he was a few feet away from her he yelled her real name out.
"Medusa!"
She turned around to the sound of his voice. He took a few steps forward. Her eyes and appearance were jarring, but he knew she was still inside of there.
"Medusa! I know the real you is somewhere in there!"
She moved with lightning speed. Before he could finish what he was saying, she had him by his throat and was slowly crushing his windpipe.
"Medusa Please," he gurgled.
She looked at him as if she had never seen him before. She did not turn him into stone. She threw him hard and he fell to the ground like a rag doll. Fauna let out another scream when she didn't see Jermaine get up. Medusa turned back around to Athena and Breena.
"Here your lover comes," Athena taunted Breena.
Breena was terrified. Melissa wasn't what or who she thought she was. She was a monster. She felt her skin crawl she was hissed at by her. 
"Be very still or she will handle you just like she did your friends." Athena quipped, sounding proud of the fact that Melissa had changed into this terrible monster. Athena cut her binds then. "She is beautiful is she not?"
She could tell by Breena's terrified and disgusted expression what she thought. She laughed outright at her fear. She knew that would be her reaction. She had been right about Medusa's new lover all along. Her assumption had been correct. Medusa would never find love if it wasn't with her. Medusa was inches away from them both. Athena kneed Breena making her kneel in front of her.
"I am not afraid of you my love." Athena Admitted.
Medusa's eyes went from Athena and then back down to Breena. In this state, she felt nothing but anger and rage. Anger that she would never be loved or seen for who she truly was. She hissed at Breena. Breena instinctively jerked back and closed her eyes. Medusa stood tall then and looked back at Athena. Athena still looked happy. 
"You see, my love." She reached out to her and Medusa grabbed her hand and squeezed it.
In the olden days Athena had complete control over her, but not this time. Medusa had the same dead-eye look but her anger was held in the green flames behind her eyes. 
"Let go my love." Athena commanded, her smile wavering. Medusa hissed and squeezed harder. Athena struggled against her but couldn't free her grip. It was more painful by the second. She felt herself kneeling slowly in front of her because of the crippling pain."Medusa! Let go! I command you!" She shouted.
Medusa threw her head back, hissed and cried out loudly. She looked back down at Athena. With her other hand, she squeezed the goddesses face hard. Athena thought she was going to crush her.
"Please..." Athena began to beg for her Immortal life. 
"Medusa! Let her go!" Fauna finally commanded her. Medusa did as she said and let Athena go. Athena rubbed her wrist. Medusa turned around and saw Fauna. She hissed at her. "Medusa, this is no longer who you are. Please, you don't have to be angry. You don't have to be alone. You have me. You have us. We love you." 
Medusa hissed at Fauna's words. 
Fauna half walked and half stumbled over to her. Medusa would not harm her. She knew this because it was her blood that had healed and awakened her. Fauna lovingly touched her face then.
"I'm so sorry, Medusa. Please, come back to us. Come back to me. I love you, Medusa. I want nothing from you. I ask nothing of you. Come back." Fauna's tears fell freely.
Medusa looked intently at her and through her anger and pain, she recognized Fauna's. She touched her wet face and looked at the tears on her fingers. Fauna watched as she slowly transformed back. Her reptilian scales smoothed and her skin went from the sickly green, back to caramel brown. Her eyes were the last to change. Going from yellowish-green, back to crystal blue. She inhaled sharply as if she hadn't been breathing and fell to the ground unconscious.
It had worked. Fauna took a sigh of relief. She looked from Medusa's unconscious body to Queen Alana, who had been watching and kneeling under the large tree with her injured son. Her people, as well as Queen Alana's, had already left. With the exception of Breena, who was still shocked and in the same kneeling position she had been when Medusa had seen her.
"Killan, get Breena out of here," Fauna commanded him.
"But Your Majesty what about the Commander?" He was genuinely worried about him. He had been like a son to her husband.
"He will be fine." She reassured him "Just go and be quick about it." He nodded his head and retrieved Breena and left the scene.
She could no longer stand and the pain she felt was increasing and intensifying by the minutes. She sat down and rested Medusa's head in her lap.
Athena came forward then, hovering over them both.
"This is all your fault," she told the goddess. "We had made such good progress. She was finally finding herself and finding love. You took that from her. Why?"
Her words were precise and cold."I do not have to explain myself to you."
"Ah, but you do. You used my powers. Interfered in my home and used magic against me and my people to deceive us. I have every right to know why." Fauna looked up at her then. Athena showed no emotion other than Hubris.
"I did it because it was a mistake to send her here. It was a mistake to let her have dreams of being something other than what she is. My heart led me astray."
"You mean it was a mistake because she no longer loved you. What a jealous, petulant child you are."
"You dare speak to me that way, Fairy! Careful, one more word and I'll-"
"What? Kill me ? Turn me into a monster too? Go ahead. Do it. Prove to me and those watching that you still are archaic and barbaric. No wonder the Greeks stopped worshipping you."
"Insult me all you like, but she will go with me." Athena said, referring to medusa. Athena's blood boiled at the insult.
"I cannot allow that." She said simply.
"Cannot allow it." Scoffed Athena.
"No, I cannot. I am the Queen of all magical beings in this realm. This is my world and you would do well to remember it, goddess."
Just as Athena thought of harming Fauna, a great flash of lightning appeared across the night sky and surrounded them. Fauna protected herself and Medusa as best she could.
When it was gone, in its place stood her father Zeus and stepmother Hera?
Chapter 39
"Open your mouth and shut your eyes and see what Zeus will send you."-
Aristophanes
 
"Father?" Athena couldn't believe her eyes. She ran to him and stopped when she was just a few feet away. It looked like him.It was her father, Zeus. She had missed him.
"It is my daughter." He assured her and stretched out his hand. She put her hand inside of his. She cried then.
" I have looked for you for ages. Where were you?"
She sounded like a lost child and Zeus regretted vanishing for so long.
He smiled down at her and spoke. "That is a story for another time."
"How did you know I was here?" She asked.
"I am all-powerful Zeus I know all." He chuckled at her silly question.
Athena wanted to hug him but knew she couldn't. It was not their way.
"Come, child. Let us go home."
"Yes, father. I must retrieve Medusa."
Fauna held onto her unconscious body tighter. She would not let Medusa go. Not when she had fought so hard to keep her.
"Medusa stays." Zeus stated, matter-of-fact. 
Athena blinked at his statement. He was the one who entrusted her with the heavy task of taking care of Medusa, forever. She felt hurt and a bit betrayed by the man she had looked up to all of her life.
"But father, she is my charge and she is mine."
Zeus had once admired the stubborn streak he saw in his daughter. It was a trait they both shared and he felt great pride that she was the female replica of himself without the lust, but seeing her now. He knew he had been wrong. He had to make this right and free them both from their toxic love.
"Child, after all these centuries have you not learned? Nothing is truly ours. I have watched you try to right your wrongs, and for that, I am truly proud of you. Now I must right mine. I am sorry I made you betray your love and turn her into the Terrible. I knew you loved her and I knew my brother did as well. I thought by turning her into a monster both of you would move on and forget about her beauty, but it did not work. You have always cared for Medusa. Caring for someone doesn't mean you control them. It means that you must be strong enough to let them live their life the way they want. Medusa made her decision. She chose this new world. Give that gift to her. Let her live free, daughter."
He saw Athena's tears. Athena was logical and wise. Tears were not something she shed lightly. His heart broke for his daughter. He hugged her tightly then. She accepted the affection.
"Oh, how I've missed my stubborn daughter. Just like your father until the end."
She laughed at that and so did he.
They slowly walked back over to Fauna and Medusa.
"Say your goodbyes child and make amends," Zeus commanded her.
Athena wiped her tears away and knelt down on the ground. She was eye level with Fauna.
"Your Majesty, I am sorry. Truly."
"I know," Fauna agreed, tears streaming down her face.
Athena gazed down at the unconscious Medusa. She truly was sorry for the way she had treated her and the trouble she had caused all these Centuries ago and now. She gently caressed her skin. Her happiness depended on her being able to let her go. She had for both of their sakes. She leaned down and kissed her one last time on her forehead. She would never touch her or kiss her again. That realization made it all very bittersweet.
"Goodbye, my love." She said as she stood up once again.
"Go with Hera. I will meet you both at the Garden."
She nodded in agreement, turned and  walked towards Hera. Both goddesses walked into the light and disappeared. Zeus looked down at the beautiful magical being. Never had he seen one so empathetic and powerful.
"Many thanks in assisting my daughter in her quest."
"You are most welcome." Fauna was still shocked and in awe that she was speaking with the all-father of Greek Gods.
"As a token of my thanks, I would like to bestow upon you gifts."
"Gifts?" Fauna wasn't sure what he meant by that.
"Yes. I see that you are about to have your children very soon. I also sense that your powers and your life force are waning because of it. I bestow unto you... the gift of eternal life."
He touched the middle of her forehead and she felt her powers rushing through her body stronger and more intense than she had ever felt. Her wrinkles and silver hair dissipated. Her skin tightened and smoothed and she was once more her ageless, beautiful self. She gasped in surprise at the magical gift he had given her. She had been worried about her life and the lives of her children and with one touch. This God had taken that stress and worry away.
"Thank you, Zeus." She genuinely meant her words of gratitude.
"I have watched you for some time and I must admit that you are selfless in every way. My daughter and her ward are fortunate to have found you. I will always look after you, for you have done something I haven't seen done in centuries. You have shown me what it is like to be selfless and to stand up for the things and people you love." He handed her a vial with bright pink liquid. "Two drops should reverse Medusa's affects."
She was speechless at his kindness and intercession. She watched as he smiled at her, turned his back, and walked away. As quickly as he had appeared he was gone. Medusa stirred and opened her eyes finally, having missed everything.
"Fauna?" Fauna gently stroked her golden locks of hair.
"I am here. You are safe." She reassured her.
Medusa cried then. Fauna comforted her.
She hadn't noticed that Killan had come back until he spoke to her. "Your Majesty, the Captain is hurt badly"
"Come," she said to Medusa.
They both helped each other up and walked over to where Jermaine was. He lay motionless in front of a large boulder. He had luckily missed it by a few inches.. He was bleeding badly and his breathing was faint.
"I did this." Medusa concluded.
"It's alright." Fauna reassured her feeling Medusa's guilt.
Medusa noticed Fauna looked much better and younger. Fauna felt stronger than she had since she had found out she was pregnant. She rested her left hand atop his forehead and recited a healing spell.
"Ad cicatricem perducendum te amica mea!"
A glowing green light surged through his body, healing him from internal bleeding. Seconds later his eyes fluttered open. He coughed and sputtered. He quickly sat up. His recollection of what had happened to him clear in his mind. He pulled Fauna to him and embraced her. He had thought he wouldn't make it, but waking up now pain-free he knew something had happened.That something had been his wife.
"Fauna! Are you alright? Medusa is she alright?" He asked in a rapid-fire manner.
"Yes everyone is fine." She reassured him.
He looked at her once more and saw she was no longer aged, but still very pregnant. He kissed her on the lips then. Medusa and Killan stood and watched the happy reunion. When Jermaine stood up with the help of Fauna Medusa immediately apologized.
"I'm so sorry Jermaine. I -" He pulled her to him and hugged her tight.
"It's alright. No need to apologize. We are family."
Medusa felt her heart warm at the tender words. She had waited centuries to hear them...






Chapter 40
"True generosity is an offering; given freely and out of pure love. No strings attached. No expectations. Time and love are the most valuable possession you can share."-Suze Orman

In all the chaos in Fauna's camp she had almost forgotten about Queen Alana. Once she had made sure her husband was alright her attention was back on it. The Queen was crying and grief-stricken, kneeling beside her son, who had been turned to stone. Her bodyguard stood directly behind her scanning the forest. She walked over to them then. Jermaine followed closely behind. He was a beautiful statue. Even the coldness of the stone caught the warmth in his eyes. Her son was dead. Queen Alana heard footsteps approaching. Once Fauna stood beside her Queen Alana spoke. 
Fauna could tell she had been in a lot of pain.
"It's over."
"Will you bargain with my son's life now." She turned around and looked at her then. Sadness and anger made her a fearful kind of beautiful. Tears streaked her face.
Fauna felt her emotions more strongly than any other beings. Her mind swam in her heartbreak, fear, sadness, and despair. She gently placed her hand on Queen Alana's shoulder and closed her eyes. Her words could not help in this moment only her actions impressing upon her warm caring calming emotions could help. When she felt her relax she spoke.
"I assure you, none of this was not apart of the plan. Let me heal your son."
"There is no way in knowing that. He cannot be healed, not even by Alfheim magic." Jassin comforted Queen Alana then. She continued, "I have lost everything. My husband and now both of my sons. I have nothing left to lose."
"You have not lost yet." Fauna spoke calmly to her. She had to help her. She had to at least try. "Please let me try. It is the least I can do. " 
 Queen Alana looked into her green eyes. There wasn't enough time to thoroughly think this decision over. She knew she was supposed to keep her guard up with the Fairy Queen, but after the things she had witnessed within the last few hours, she knew she could trust her. 
She nodded her head 'Yes'. Then, and stood beside her son, holding his stone hand in her own. Queen Alana put her hand inside of Fauna's. Fauna let two drops of the pink liquid fall out of the vial and land on top of Agis' head. She looked at Queen Alana then.
His body was engulfed in a bright pink blaze. Both women covered their eyes from the blinding light. Once it dissipated they both opened their eyes and saw Agis once again alive. Queen Alana truly smiled then. Agis ran into her arms they embraced. She looked at Fauna and said, "Thank you."
"No need. You spoke of Alfheim magic."
"Yes, it is my home. It is a magical place. When Elves get injured by things that regular Elf magic can't cure in this world we are always able to heal there. I wanted to locate the children so that we could all go home together. My people are not safe in this world."
"Can you go home? I mean... Do you have enough magic to go?" Fauna asked.
"Yes, of course." Alana admitted. 
"I think you should take your son and your people back home." She told her.
"No, I cannot. I can't leave my people behind. The others would think I was deserting them and our cause."
"The trail that leads to the missing children has grow cold. It could take years. You have no choice. You said it. You can't lose another Elf. If any of your people wish to stay behind. I can promise you that your people will be safe under my protection and reunited with their loved ones, one way or another. They will be protected and cared for until you and your son can safely return."
Queen Alana assessed what Fauna was telling her. Could she trust this Fairy? She had been a woman of her word so far. She had just helped save her son's life, as well as give her sound advice just now. She looked at Jassin then. 
She took off her royal pendant.
"Here." She held it out to him.
He shook his head in disbelief. He refused to take it. "I can't, Your Majesty," he finally spoke.
"You must, Jassin. We haven't the time to debate this. You must be the leader here now until it is finished."
"No! I am no King I am your bodyguard. I must protect you and keep you safe." 
"I will be fine. I am going home to my father's house. I will no longer need your protection, but our people here will and you, my friend, have done more for me than any other. I could think of no other man more suited for the task of ruling in my place. You are a great warrior and a very strong leader. I know that when my son and the rest of the children are found I know you will know exactly what to do. Please, I will not be able to go if I don't know that they are taken care of properly. Please." She pleaded with him.
He took the pendant from her hand. 
She hugged him tightly. 
He returned the show of affection.
"I love you, Alana." He admitted, dropping all protocol and Royal pretense.
She smiled at that. "And I love you, Jassin. I will see you soon. I promise." She kissed him on both of his cheeks. She walked over to her son. She took his hand and began to hum a tune. The wind picked it up and the trees around them billowed and bowed to it.
"Drøymde mik ein draum i nóttum silki ok ærlig pell,um hægindi svá djupt ok mjott,um rosemd með engan skell."
As her beautiful, otherworldly voice sang the old words the large tree behind them lit up iridescent blue. The large tree looked like it was alive.It's branches swaying. She sang on. Fauna saw Jassin singing and noticed that her people hadn't left after all. They had been hiding. Now they were gathered around the large tree and singing as well.
 "Ok i drauminom ek leitsem gegnom ein groman gluggþá helo feigo mennsko sveit,hver sjon ol sin eiginn ugg."
Once it was done the tree went back to its normal color a door was carved into its trunk. She opened the door with her free hand. This wasn't how she had pictured her return home. She had pictured all of her people coming with her. They would all be free of this heavy world. She waved farewell to the people who stayed.She and Agis were the last to walk inside of the tree. The song was sung on the wind now. It's melody stirred in everyone a sense of homegoing. Fauna felt it then. Her peoples' homesickness and a longing to feel whole as a family unit. They all stood behind Jassin now. Fauna looked at him then. She felt their collective sadness. He had truly loved Queen Alana. He would not break his promise to her. He would return to Alfheim with the children and their families.
"Have no fear Jassin. We will find the children and you all will be reunited with your Queen. I swear it." Fauna spoke to him.
"Aye." He agreed.
"You are all free to stay in the woods or move on the grounds. I am just happy to be of-" She felt water gushing down her legs. She gasped in shock and held on to her stomach then.
"Fauna!" Jermaine said, knowing something was wrong.
"It's the babies. They are coming." She looked into his eyes then. She was scared.
"Quick! To the castle !" He said.
"No! We don't have time! Aghhhh!" She cried out. Her labor pains were too intense for her to walk.
Jermaine thought he had more time to prepare for this, but he was wrong. The babies were coming now.
"Go get Adler!" Jermaine shouted.
"I will." volunteered Medusa.
"And I will go with you!" Armand volunteered as well. Medusa didn't mind. 
"Aghhh!" Fauna yelled out in pain once more.
Jermaine picked her up and carried her to her litter and placed her gently inside of it. It was filled with red velvet cushioning and pillows. He saw her belly moving in an unnatural way. They were coming indeed. He was terrified. He had just got her back and had been saved by her. Now he could lose her all over again.
"No, my love. You won't lose me," she said, hearing his thoughts. She took slow deep breaths.
The pain was more intense than any she had ever felt. She was going to have her children and live, she kept repeating to herself. She knew Jermaine could hear it as well. She didn't care where she had them as long as she had them and they were happy and healthy. What more could a mother want?


Chapter 41
"Dead men don't bite."-Plutarch
Medusa ran as fast as her legs could carry her out of the forest across the grounds and into the gardens. Armand was a close second following on her heels. They split up once they were inside of the large garden. It was Medusa who found Adler first. He was holding a medium-sized clay pot that had pink lilies inside of it. He smiled at her as he entered. She slowed her pace and slowly entered into the large greenhouse attached to the castle.
He smiled at her upon her entry. She was sweating and out of breath. He looked down at her shirt and saw where she should have been injured.
"Child, are you alright? " He asked concerned.
Medusa nodded her head 'yes'.
"Very well then. Why have you come here?
"It is time. Her Majesty is having the babies." She told him.
"I will go to her chambers immediately!" He quickly put the pot down on a nearby table that was filled with the same Lilies and washed his hands in a nearby freshwater fountain.
"No. She is in the center of the woods. She will need your help there."
Adler nodded his head in agreement with her words. "Thank you, child. I will have Armand take me. You don't look well. Sit here and drink this."
He gently took her by her right arm and sat her down on a stool that sat nearby the table of flowers. He handed her a cool cup of water. She drank it hungrily. When he saw her relax he patted her on her shoulder, grabbed his leather satchel and walked out of the greenhouse with Armand. When she finally caught her breath he stood up, stretched and looked around the room. It was lovely even at night. She recognized Tuno inside of the greenhouse and wondered if he helped Adler plant all of these. She called out to him.
"Tuno. I didn't think you would be here."
She watched as he followed the sound of her voice and walked over to her.
"Is everything alright?" He asked her. He stood only a few feet in front of her.
"Yes. I think.... Everything will be."
"So it all worked out then?" He asked her. He had a curious grin on his face.
"What worked out?" She asked, confused on why he knew about her situation with Athena.
"I heard you fought the Elf Queen's son."
"Ah yes, that," she recalled fighting him but did not recall how the fight ended. She felt so guilty for injuring him and Jermaine. Every time she tried to think back to what happened, it was all so clouded. She could only recall flashes of it.
"It must have been a sight to see." He continued on. "If only I could have seen it." He smiled at her.
She smiled back instinctively. She wanted to get back to the forest.
"Well, I should be heading back. Thank you, Tuno." She said. He had lifted her spirits with his confidence in her and her heroic abilities. She was also glad he hadn't come tonight. She would hate to tarnish his good thoughts about her. 
She had turned on her heels ready to exit the greenhouse when Tuno said, "You're welcome, Medusa."
The way he said her name sent chills down her spine. His voice sounded familiar to her then. She had heard it before. She quickly turned back around and looked at him. He was just a frail, elderly, blind man. He was still standing in the same spot but he was smiling at her. She thought it odd that he was looking directly at her. He took his dark glasses off then. His eyes were sapphire blue. Medusa realized He wasn't blind. He had never been blind. As that realization hit her she watched as he dropped his cane, took off the brown worn shawl and stood at his full height. He was at least 6'3'. His hair turned from a salt white to a youthful reddish-brown. She knew exactly who this imposter was, It was Poseidon. Medusa was shocked and couldn't believe it. He had been watching her the entire time she had been here. The God who violated her had once again violated her privacy.
When she didn't run. He smiled at her and spoke. "My dear, sweet, Medusa. I'm so sorry for deceiving you for so long. It was becoming unbearable."
She didn't want to hear another word from him. She turned back around and tried to leave the greenhouse. With a snap of his fingers, she was paralyzed from the waist down and couldn't move. She heard his footsteps behind her. She was once again fooled and trapped by him. He stood mere inches away from her. He inhaled her scent as he gently caressed her shoulders. She tried to shake his hands off of her. It was no use. He chuckled at her stubborn streak.
"You still smell like the sea. How I have missed you all of these centuries. Pathetic Athena. I knew she couldn't resist bringing you back. I told her about the Fairy Queen of redemption. All I had to do was wait. I did. I waited patiently and now it has paid off. You are here. She is gone with her beloved father, my brother." He caressed her cheek softly. "Still beautiful." He said. She couldn't move her upper body now. A lone tear fell.
"Please." She managed to beg as she looked him in his deep blue eyes.
She could see his desire for her. He wore it openly. She knew he was one step away from taking her again.
"After all this time and all the lovers and mistresses, I have had. You are still the best. The one I crave. The way your body melted into mine. Your father always wanted us together." He caressed her golden hair.
She felt sick to her stomach. She couldn't believe she hadn't known it was him. She was angry at herself for letting her guard down.
"You were seduced by Athena and all she had to offer and look what happened. You were trapped, made to be a weapon for her and my sanctimonious little brother." He chuckled at his description. His lips brushed up against her ear. "They are gone and I am here. I am the one who has kept your name alive. I am the one who led you to your new life. Be with me Medusa, be mine. I can make you happy. "
"Do I have a choice?" She asked him.
"You always have a choice." He answered.
"Then please, let me go."
"As you wish." He snapped his fingers. Just like that, she was no longer paralyzed. He turned her towards him, face to face.
"Tell me my darling, Medusa what do you want from me? I will give you anything."
She said nothing, just leaned forward and kissed him passionately. Their tongues swirled and mated. She felt his god power begin to take over her body. She resisted it and broke the kiss. She looked into his sea-blue eyes and stabbed him in his abdomen with the sword of truth. She watched as the gold blood spilled out of him. He had a shocked expression on his face. He faltered and fell backward.
"I want you to die." She angrily confessed.
He pressed his hands over his wound to stop the blood flow, but the more he moved the more it gushed. Medusa towered over him with her sword in hand.
"You turned my blood against me and manipulated them into giving you the Sea. You stole my birthright. You raped me. You deserve nothing less than this from me."
"Medusa!" He begged holding up his hand to try and thwart her but his powers were waning because of the injury he sustained.
"In this world, I make my own decisions. In this world gods no longer exist."
She stood him up on his knees and with one hard swing she chopped off his head with the sword. It rolled in the opposite direction as his torso. She watched as his hands touched where his head use to be and finally fell forward on the ground with a thud. Gold blood flooded the dirt floor. 
It was over. Poseidon was dead.
She threw the sword down and opened the door of the greenhouse. The night sky welcomed her and she inhaled the sweet air. She was happy to be done with her past. It could no longer hold her back. She would be sure to live in the present moment. She had fought too hard not to. She closed the greenhouse door behind her. She hoped no one would find him until tomorrow. The last thing her family needed was to witness another death. She went back into the heart of the forest happy to help her new family...


Chapter 42
"Death, taxes and childbirth! There's never any convenient time for any of them."
- Margaret Mitchell

"Push Your Majesty," Adler told Fauna.
Jermaine was sitting on the ground with Fauna in between his legs. Her back was pressed firmly on his chest. He was holding her hand. She had crushed his with each contraction. Even though her gestation period had been short the labor was not. It was taking hours. Jermaine felt guilty, angry and frustrated that all he could do for his wife was hold her hand and comfort her while she did all of this painful work of bringing new lives they had created together into the world. Each contraction and push wore her down mentally and she was becoming physically exhausted.
"You can do this darling," he encouraged her as he wiped the sweat from her brow. "Push."
"I'm so tired Jermaine," she panted. "Please let me rest." She sobbed.
"I promise, my darling after you do this I promise we will have our wedding and go away. Just you and me and our children. I promise, but right now you have to push. "
She knew his words were true. She watched as Adler rested his right hand on top of her stomach. He felt it tighten with a contraction.
"Your Majesty, listen very carefully, you must push or we will have to cut you open and get the babies out."
Fauna was terrified then. It had been at least two hours of her laying here in pain trying to give birth. She had fought a dragon and a mighty Sorceress in her lifetime. None of that experience mattered now. All that mattered was her inner strength and fortitude. She could not give up. She had to keep pushing. Each push was a step closer to making her dream of a family a reality. She knew what Adler spoke of would be hard because of her regenerative genes. She looked around the forest. Alana's people had brought lanterns and started a campfire. Medusa and her men had built a tent around her so she wouldn't have to deliver in the litter.
"Push, push, push, push," she heard Adler demand of her.
She bore down and pushed with all her might.
"The baby is crowning, Your Majesty." Adler was excited about the progress.
Fauna was in pain she opened her eyes and looked down and she saw tiny green eyes staring back at her.
"Oh my!" She gasped in surprise. It was a baby. She felt a sense of newfound energy.
"Alright, Your Majesty. One more big push. Like last time, ok?"
She nodded her head 'yes', bore down and pushed once again with all her might. She felt the baby come out of her and three seconds later she heard a little cry. Adler held the baby up.
"It is a girl Your Majesty," Adler announced.
Fauna relaxed on Jermaine.
"Is she healthy?" She asked smiling.
"Aye, Your Majesty. She is a healthy baby girl."
He cut the umbilical cord and handed it to the midwife to dress and clean. 
"One down one more to go." He looked at her.
Jermaine kissed the top of her head.
"I'm so proud of you. You have stopped a sleeping curse, helped a Gorgon become human. Form a peace alliance with a sworn enemy, something no one thought possible. Now you are bringing two lives into the world. You are unstoppable, my love."
She soaked up his encouraging words, squeezed his hand and cried out. She knew her work wasn't done. Another contraction hit her hard. This time it felt different. "I have to push," she stated with an urgency in her voice. She bore down and pushed with confidence this time. She let out a loud cry and felt the second child come out. Adler was there to catch him. He held the infant in his arms. There was no sound.
Adler was quiet. His expression changed.
"What's wrong?" She asked, panicking.
Adler said nothing.
"Adler, what is wrong?" She asked him once more. His silence was making her think the worst.
"He is not breathing, Your Majesty." He looked at her then. She saw the sadness in his eyes.
"Not breathing...Give him to me!" She demanded.
Adler looked at her puzzled at her demand.
"Give him to me, now!" She shouted.
He quickly cut and tied the cord and handed the naked newborn to her.
She looked down at him. He looked like an exact miniature replica of Jermaine. She felt her heartbreak. She couldn't lose him, not yet.
"Wake up little one. It's time to meet your family." She whispered to him as she gently wiped the afterbirth off of his face. She rubbed his cheek, but he made no sound. She felt tears of hopelessness and exhaustion slide down her face. She tried one more time. "For your mother wake up." She kissed him on the forehead. He cried out then.
"Oh!" Jermaine said and laughed.
Adler was shocked and surprised. He smiled as well.
"He is a sleepy one." He chuckled. Fauna handed the baby to the midwife.
Once Fauna was cleaned up and redressed in a new gown she was put in a bed inside the tent. She was given strict orders that she was to stay there for 48 full hours. At the moment, she was sitting up in the bed holding her twin babes. She couldn't stop staring at them. They were both so small and beautiful. She made a silent vow to be the very best mother and mentor for them. 
Jermaine sat beside her on the bed and marveled at their little miracles. In the end, everything turned out to be alright, he realized. Fauna's health and magic had been restored. He could feel their bond and their love for one another coursing through each other like blood. Both of their children were alive and well. They had beat the odds once more. They were more than just a statistic in an ancient book. This was his family. He would lay down his life for Fauna and now he had children who he would do the exact same thing for. They both looked up when they saw Medusa enter the tent. Jermaine and Fauna both smiled at her. She walked over and stood at the foot of the bed.
"How are you and the little ones?" She asked, trying to act like everything was ok. She noticed that Fauna was beautiful and glowing from giving birth.
"I am a little sore and exhausted and they are already hungry little beasts. Come look." She instructed her.
Medusa didn't want to intrude anymore than she had to. She walked over and stood beside Jermaine. They were darling babies. She hadn't had the pleasure of ever seeing children this small. They were beautiful, and untouched by the world. One resembled fauna and the other resembled Jermaine. 
"They are beautiful," Medusa admitted.
"This is auntie Medusa." Fauna whispered to the sleeping children.
Medusa smiled at her maternal gesture and at being called 'Auntie'.
"Have you named them yet?" She asked.
"No, I haven't had the time. Jermaine and I had thought of naming them, Bracken and Lavender."
"Those are lovely names."
"I am just happy they are healthy," Jermaine interjected. Fauna looked up at him lovingly. 
A midwife entered. "Your Majesty, you must rest. I will tend to the little ones." She instructed Fauna. As she took the baby girl from Fauna's arms.
"Thank you, Greta," she said. "Commander, you take your son and follow me," Greta instructed Jermaine.
Jermaine did as she asked. They went into the warmest part of the tent. Fauna and Medusa were alone. Fauna could tell today's events had worn heavy on Medusa. "Come sit." Fauna said as she patted the bed.
Medusa sat down beside her.
"Are you alright?" Fauna asked her.
"Yes." She had finally gotten closure. She was more than alright.
"You don't seem like you are." Fauna held her hand.
Medusa did not want to tell her about Tuno. She didn't need to worry at the moment. She wanted her to enjoy this.
"I am ashamed of my actions today. You trusted me to be your Champion and I let Athena get to me. I turned into a raging monster."
"That wasn't your fault. It truly was the work of Athena. You must know that." Fauna hated seeing Medusa feel bad for someone else's actions.
"I wish I could place all of the blame on her, but it was me. I saw her with Breena and I remembered all the things she had said. I saw the fear and terror in Breena's eyes and it consumed me."
"That's what she wanted. Athena wanted you to turn back into the monster and to run Breena off. She wanted to take you back to wherever so that she could still have you to herself. I was so busy caught up in politics and my husband that I missed it. I'm so sorry." Fauna apologized. "Whatever happens please, don't blame yourself. You, my dear sister, have overcome so much. You have overcome your mistrust in males as well as mistrust in yourself. You found something with Breena that Fae and mortals alike would kill to have. You found love."
"I don't know...The way she looked at me." Medusa was embarrassed.
"Can you blame her? She did not know that you were who you are, but now she does. You must go to her. Tell her how you feel. There is still time. She loves you and you love her. Love heals all things."
Medusa hugged her tight.
"Thank you, sister. Now rest." Medusa smiled at her, gave her hand a loving squeeze and got up from the bed. Fauna rolled her eyes playfully at Medusa as she left the tent?


Chapter 43
"It's not a persons mistakes which define them - it's the way they make amends."
- Freya North

The castle was dimly lit in the late-night hour. Medusa made her way quietly through the large building. Greta had informed her which bedchamber Breena slept in. She stood in front of the door now. Fear gripping her. Breena had seen her at her worst. She had been terrified. Would she want to see her now? She pondered. Her worries swirled in her mind and she found herself unable to knock on the door she stood in front of. She let her hopeless feelings win and turned around, ready to walk away. The door opened. It was Breena.
"I was waiting for you," She informed her.
Medusa turned back around and saw her then. She looked much better than she had when she had seen her with Athena earlier this evening. They stared at each other for a moment. Each one not knowing what to say. Breena moved out of the doorway signaling Medusa to enter. She complied. Breena shut the door behind her and walked past her. She didn't know what she was supposed to say. She stood a few feet in front of her.
"Breena...I'm so sorry." She emphatically apologized.
Breena ran into her arms then and a surprised Medusa instinctively wrapped her arms around her. It felt extraordinary to have her unconditional affection.
"I was so worried about you," she whispered, tears welling up in her beautiful purple eyes.
All of Medusa's worries melted away and she wondered why she ever doubted herself or their love. Breena had always been there for her. Breena took her by the hand and guided her further into her room. It was dark except for a lone candle that was lit on her bedside table. Breena was wearing an indigo blue lace robe and a matching satin chemise underneath. She sat down on the loveseat. Medusa sat down beside her. Their hands found each other and intertwined. Both enjoying and needing the other's touch. It was like a healing balm. 
A few minutes passed before Breena spoke.
"Who was that woman and why did she kidnap me?" She asked simply.
Medusa felt shame for Athena and her jealous behavior. Breena had not deserved it. It was all so fresh still. She had to make it right between her and Breena.
"I apologize for her behavior." She countered. "That was Athena. She was...very dear to me...We were very dear to each other... once. A long time ago."
" I have heard them call you Medusa. Is that your real name? You are the Medusa? and when you say 'Athena' you are talking about The "Athena", Goddess of wisdom, aren't you?" Breena was shocked and humbled at being in the presence of Gods and Titans. She had read about them. They were apart of everyone's history.
"Yes." Medusa agreed simply. She no longer wanted to lie. She had to admit Breena seemed to be taking this news well.
"How did you come to know her? Were you two a thing back then?" She smiled at Medusa when she said the words, "A thing." 
Medusa smiled at the light-hearted slang as well as the word combination. Learning modern-day slang was growing to be her favorite past time. 
"I think I should start from the beginning so you understand."
Breena poured a drink of wine. "I'm ready." She signaled.
Medusa caressed her left cheek and she welcomed her delicate touch. Medusa sat back on the love seat while Breena curled up on it inching as close as she could to Medusa. Her head was on her chest. This was where she belonged.
"When I was born my mother and father were considered the gods of the Sea. The Greek gods had not been very long in this world. I was raised to fight and to defend my family. When I became of age my parents introduced me to a new god, Poseiden. He immediately began manipulating my father as well as my mother. He told them he could help them rule the Sea and they believed him. He also had me fooled as well. He told me and my father that he could make me the most powerful warrior of all. That's how I met Athena. She was his niece and the best fighter. She instantly made my heart feel something more than anger and blood lust. She taught me how to direct my sword and to fight with honor and with my heart. When the time came I had to make a choice. Marry Poseiden and become his Queen of the Sea and follow in the footsteps of my parents or follow my own path, love. I chose my own path and followed Athena out of the water and into her temple. We were in love, Or at least I was. I was her high priestess and together we lived happily. The night after I gave myself to her Poseiden, her uncle visited me in the temple. His god force was strong and he .... Overpowered me and raped me. He told me he had marked me and that I would have no choice but to be his Queen after that. When Athena came back I told her about what had happened. She consulted Zeus and he urged her to punish me. She did. She turned me into a monster. I became Medusa 'the Terrible' for centuries. I was a weapon. Turning men into stone. Whoever came in my path saw the flash of my eyes and the instant destruction that soon followed. I showed no mercy because none was shown to me. After all these centuries, Athena felt bad for what she did and saw this as a way to right the wrong she had done. She entrusted Her Majesty, Fauna to heal me and give me a second chance at life and at love. I promised Fauna I wouldn't tell, but after being with you.... and falling in love with you, I knew I couldn't hold it in any longer. I tried to tell you so many times."
"You're in love with me? I know," Breena said wiping her tears away. "I'm so sorry that happened to you. You didn't deserve to be treated like that. I knew something was different about you the last night we were together and I wanted you to make love to me. I felt like something was holding you back. I saw it in your eyes. I just thought..." she trailed off.
"What?" Medusa insisted she continue.
"That it was me. That I had done something wrong." She felt ashamed to voice her insecure feelings out loud.
"No, it was me. I should have told you as soon as my feelings fully blossomed for you. Because of my cautious decision, Athena was able to use it against me. She told me you would never be able to love me once you found out who I really was, and sadly I believed her."
"She was wrong. Melis- Medusa," she corrected herself.  She sat up and nuzzled her face onto hers.  When she was done she smiled at her and said, "I love you and I have loved you ever since we shared that sunset together. I will love you as long as you will have me."
She pressed her lips against hers and the warm jolt of passion shot through Medusa. She cupped both sides of her face as she kissed her deep. Their tongues touched and tantalized. Their hearts pounded in their chest. Medusa couldn't wait any longer. Breena crawled on top of her as Medusa slid her lace robe off of her body. They never stopped kissing each other. The outside world no longer mattered. Medusa had found what she had needed all along. She had found love...
The End ...










Epilogue
"Once in awhile, right in the middle of an ordinary life, love gives us a fairy tale."-Unknown

8 weeks later
Looking back at it all now, Medusa couldn't believe everything seemed to go back to normal so quickly. That was, however, the pattern of life. It moved on regardless of the obstacles and hardships one had to overcome in order to enjoy it. Her obstacles had been trusting in others, especially the opposite sex as well as accepting love when she needed it most. Her biggest obstacle had been her past, Athena. She had let it all go and had been greatly rewarded for it with love in the end..She had been careful to make sure no one knew about her encounter with Poseiden. Hints of dawn had shown its face when she had left Breena's chambers the morning after the duel. She had left early so she could dispose of the corpse that still laid in the greenhouse. She had made sure she went unnoticed. Much to her surprise, when she had returned to the greenhouse the body and its unattached head were nowhere to be found. There wasn't even a trace of blood. None of the Royal Guards nor Jermaine had said anything about a beheaded corpse. She let the nagging feeling that her past was not in the past go.  Either way, she would be ready for whoever, or whatever consequences came this time. She could unlock The Terrible now if need be. With more time, and the help of the Fae Queen she would be able to completely control her powers. She had already faced them and won. That was enough proof she had conquered her demons. 
It had been eight blissful weeks of happiness and peace. In that short time, Fauna, the ever-vigilant Queen, was finally able to locate important documents that incriminated members on her Council of covering up the whereabouts of the Elf children. After disbanding the Council and interrogating each one she had gotten a name a location. She immediately had Jermaine and Jassin break into the facility and retrieve the children. She had been heartbroken to hear that Queen Alana's son along with 20 more children had died in the inhumane facilities care. She felt the sting of the Queen's loss as if it were her own. Jassin didn't want to wait to deliver this painful news. The children were reunited with their family members as soon as it had been humanly possible. It had been a bittersweet day. Once the children were relocated to their families Jassin and his people left for Alfheim. Before going he thanked Jermaine for his bravery and help. 
Jermaine would miss Jassin. He had turned out to be quite a good and admirable man to have around. Fauna was still on bed rest when all of this had occurred. Jermaine had delivered the news to her as she breastfed both of their children. They still hadn't settled on names. She was happy with her new family and didn't want to wait any longer. It was time to put her husband first. He had told her weeks ago all he wanted was her to publicly acknowledge her love for him. She would give him that. 
As soon as Adler told her she could get out of bed she and Breena began planning her wedding. That simple task seemed to make the air around the Palace lighter. It gave the people a renewed sense of hope. 
Even Medusa had become excited about the wedding plans. She had to admit Breena's delightfully upbeat attitude was contagious and had worn off on her. 
Now, she and Breena stood holding the twin babes in the throne room, along with the entire Fae community awaiting the wedding of the Century. She had been introduced to Maleficent and Corvus. Maleficent was ripe with child. Corvus was lovingly by her side. Queen Alana was also in attendance. Medusa smiled at the wonderful impact Fauna seemed to have on everyone she encountered. 
The throne room  along with the entire Castle had been elegantly decorated with; Anemones, Daffodils, Lilacs, and Gardenia's. The combination gently perfumed the air. The marble floor was covered in white garden rose petals. The benches everyone sat on were covered in white satin. White, green, and cream banners hung from the castle rafters and Medusa along with the entire kingdom couldn't wait to see their Queen and Sovereign marry their trusted Captain. They were more in love by the day, and Medusa felt proud to be able to consider them family. She and Breena had took to the twins and life couldn't be sweeter until today. She wondered how Fauna felt. She hadn't seen her within the last twenty-for hours, as was tradition. They watched as a beautiful woman stepped forward, stood in front of the crowd and began to sing. Her voice was mesmerizing and brought a smile to everyone's lips. She had the rare gift of singing and transcending her audience. The audience could feel the love slowly brewing around them. When it grew quiet the doors opened and there was Fauna. You could hear a collective gasp at her beauty. She was gorgeous. Her dress was a sweetheart design completely constructed from Parrot french tulips. She donned Emeralds on her neck, wrists and ears. Her veil was made from baby's breath and a crown made from white garden roses. Her bouquet was a bundle of Parrot French Tulips. She gracefully walked down the long, flower covered aisle. Her peripherals could see all eyes were on her, but she kept her gaze on Jermaine. She was already married to him, but she still had the jitters. She and Jermaine had grown in the last few weeks more than she had expected. It had been another eye opening experience. This time she knew she had to make and keep it right between she and her husband. She loved him very much, and if having a wedding and acknowledging him publicly would help him understand just how much then that was what she would do. With the Council disbanded she was free to make her own decisions about her personal life and the lives of her people. This was nothing but a good thing. Her children would grow up in a world of love and she would be able to rule fairly and without bias because of his love for her. 
He knelt along with the entire audience once she reached him. The priest spoke then.
"Your Majesty, do you wish to make an announcement." He asked.
"I do, Minister." She replied loudly enough for the audience to hear.
"You may." He instructed her.
"I have come to acknowledge and pledge my heart to the man you see before you. I wish to marry this man, Minister."
"Then let us begin." Minister confirmed.
With those words, she curtsied low in front of the minister and he removed her Crown from her head. He set it on a green velvet pillow that sat directly beside him.
"Stand by your man, Your Majesty."
She nodded and did as he commanded, linking her arm through his. He put his hand on top of hers lovingly. She smiled at him. He smiled back.
"You, Sir. Do you accept this Fairy's acknowledgment?" He asked loudly.
"Aye. I accept it in its totality." He responded the same way.
"And do either of you wish to exchange vows?"
They both nodded 'yes'.
"Your Majesty, first. "
She took a deep breath, smiled up at him and turned to look at Jermaine. Tears were already beginning to well up in her eyes before she began.
"Because of you I laugh. Because of you I am able to be proud of myself. I have so much more with you in my life. You are the great love of my life. My soulmate. My person."
The crowd gushed at her words.
"Now, you, Sir." He said to Jermaine.
Not missing a beat Jermaine smiled at her and spoke. "I love you not for who you are, but for how you make me feel when I am with you. You have every right to achieve your goals and dream your dreams. I want to be beside you every step of the way. You are more than just my Person. You are my everything."
The minister took out a golden rope and wrapped it around their torsos until each one held the end inside of their left hand.
The Minister spoke loudly for all to hear once more.
"This gold rope represents the bond you have formed. It will sometimes waiver, but never break. Think good of one another and your bond will stay strong. Let no one or nothing get in your way. Not even one another. By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you officially wed and bonded. You may kiss your bride."
Jermaine didn't need a second telling. He gently embraced his wife and kissed her softly on the lips. 
"I love you. wife. Always and forever." He told her through their connection.
"And I love you, husband. More than words or magic could ever show you, but I plan on spending an eternity showing you..." 
 
The Beginning...


 






 
 
  












 
 
 
 
 







