'Miss Red? I don't suppose you could tear yourself away from your phone to participate in class could you?'
I lifted my eyes to meet those of my teacher Mrs Saxton, who was glaring at me from the front of the classroom.
 'Uh, I'm sorry....it was my mom.....,' 
I felt my cheeks flushing as I lied, hastily putting the phone in my bag. 'Of course it was!' She rolled her eyes and shook her head as she carried on speaking,
'So I will need you all to write an essay on whether you feel romantic movies are damaging to real life relationships. You may find you can speak to your parents and family for insight' 
A few cackles came from the class. I felt my phone vibrating against my leg and I was relieved to hear the bell ring for the next period. 
I grabbed my phone to see the envelope icon indicating I had a text message from Luke.
'Babes, gotta put tonight on ice. Big dinner at home apparently- no phone zone- family shit. Will come see you after yeah? Love you x'
I sighed. 
'Girl that’s a sigh, what’s up?' My best friend Rosie asked. 
I picked my bag up and followed Rosie out the classroom door into the carnage that was the school corridor. 
'Luke has just cancelled our date. He has family shit apparently- no phone zone either!'
 Rosie lifted a perfectly arched brow.
 'Oh really? Well why don't you come with me and Sienna to The Lounge? Just what a girl needs to cheer her up. Or we could go to The Rink? Nothing beats a good skate' She grinned.
I shrugged.
'Yeah, why not?'
Just then I heard a crash coming from the end of the corridor, as an angry voice shouted, 
 'Watch where you are going dickhead!' 
I craned my neck round to see what all the commotion was about and saw Finn- a friend of Luke’s- squaring up to a boy I had not seen before in school. I felt a lurch in my stomach as I took in his dirty blond hair and his black t shirt, worn over skinny grey jeans. He wasn’t typically gorgeous at all- certainly not a pretty boy by any standards, but there was something about him. 
 'Who is that Rose?' I whispered, staring at the boy as Rosie said,
 'Ah this must be the new guy.. I heard Clara and Krystal talking about him earlier. He is Clara’s cousin I heard. Pretty cute hmm? Good for us single girls!' She cackled, sticking her tongue out at me. I was about to retort when I heard him speak, his voice dangerously quiet compared to Finns.
'Fuck you. You're the dickhead, dickhead.' 
He spat the words at Finn who glared at him. Just then Mr Whetton, our principal, strode down the hallway past the boys.
 'Making friends already I see Cal? This is the wonderful Finn, quite the star around here aren't you?'  He said proudly, patting Finn on the back. Being part of the football team was always going to open doors for him, but the fact he was devilishly handsome always helped.
Finn glowered at Cal. But regained himself for the principal’s sake. 
 'Sir. Welcome to the school CAL.' he glared at Cal as he walked away angrily. Cal leaned against the locker and watched Finn with an amused expression, his hand moving his hair from his eyes. Suddenly, the air was filled with a sick smell of too much perfume as Clara walked down from the canteen towards Cal. Clara was Luke’s cousin, a cheerleader and sadly stereotypical. 
'CAL!' she screeched, flicking her platinum blonde curls over her shoulder. 'I have been dying to introduce you to all my friends. Especially Krystal....' She made eyes at the Barbie wannabe standing beside her. Krystal smiled sweetly at Cal, as I rolled my eyes. She was dressed in a tight denim skirt, incredibly high heels and a very revealing top- someone needed to remind her we were at school, not a strip joint.
 'With all due respect Clara, I couldn't give less of a fuck. I'll catch you later.' The words were rude, yet uttered quietly and without any emotion. He really didn’t care to meet her friends, I realised. 
He turned and walked towards the exit leaving Clara and Krystal standing open mouthed after him. 
'WELL. He is well rude Clara.’ Krystal stood, hand on her hips as she watched him leave.’ Pretty hot though...' She said thoughtfully. Hiding a smile, I turned to follow Rosie into class. 
Later that evening I found myself at The Lounge with Rosie and Sienna, my two best friends. Sienna was busy chatting to her boyfriend Ethan, and I was sipping my caramel latte, discussing with Rosie the fact the new guy had totally dissed Clara and Krystal earlier. 
'Yeah Finn said he's a prick' interrupted Ethan, brushing his floppy chestnut hair out of his eyes. 'Well that's it then.' joked Sienna, 'Finn has spoken....' she playfully smacked his arm and threw her dark red silky hair over one shoulder. 
Ethan laughed.  'Nah babe, Finn is sound. But you don't start a new school and pick a fight with the golden boy do you? Anyway, I am not gonna argue with you in that dress.....' 
He bent down and kissed her neck much to our dismay. 'Eww get a room guys,' said Rosie, rolling her eyes as Sienna pulled Ethan in for a kiss. I gathered my dark brown hair into a bun at the top of my head as loose tendrils immediately escaped. Ethan stood up finally entangling himself from Sienna, 'Right baby. Gotta go, do you wanna ride home?' 
Sienna yawned. 
'Or you can stay at mine....' he said staring at her chest whilst she stretched.
 'Yeah I'll come to yours, I just need to pick up my stuff from mine' 
She stood and laced her fingers through Ethan’s. 'Laters girls,' she said, blowing us both kisses. Ethan waved as they made their way to the door. 
'Well. ‘ I said,’ I am just gonna nip to the ladies. '
 I slid out of the booth we were in and made my way to the toilets which were across the room. My hair annoyingly became loose again so this time I flicked my head forward, gathering it all together using my fingers as a brush. As I lifted my head back I felt myself collide with someone. I immediately let go on my hair and saw the new guy standing in front of me. 
I pulled my hands in front of my mouth with horror as I saw him holding his face. His beautiful green eyes stared into mine in anger. I felt like I had been electrocuted and felt myself wobble slightly as I said,
 'Oh shit, I'm so sorry!' 
He glared at me as he pushed past me,
 'It’s not like there isn't enough room in this shitty town.'
 I watched him walk out of The Lounge, the door slamming shut behind him.
 'Babes,' said Rosie hurrying over,' are you ok? What did he say?' My head hurt from hitting his, so I shrugged and said I just wanted to go home. Rosie linked arms with me and said,
‘How was the physical contact though? He is the sort of guy I wouldn’t mind butting heads with.’
She giggled as I swotted her arm, 'Don't be a knob Rose.' I made it home in one piece, falling onto my bed fully clothed. Suddenly my phone vibrated in my pocket, 
'Sorry babe. Only just got back and I'm wiped. See you tomorrow? X' 
I was so annoyed I didn't reply. I closed his message and slipped out of my clothes and into my comfy pjs, falling in to my bed gratefully. 
The next day I considered what to wear. It wasn’t like it mattered, I always wore the same things. I settled on my skinny jeans, knee high boots and a long black t shirt. I slicked on some lip gloss and mascara. It was pretty cold so I pulled on my puffa coat and slipped my phone into my bag. I picked up a cereal bar on my way out, annoyed I hadn't enough time to make Nutella on toast. I locked my door behind me and walked the fifteen minutes to school. I was lucky I didn't live too far away, it was actually a pleasant walk. When I reached my locker my vision was blocked by a pair of hands covering my eyes.
 'Guess who?' a voice murmured in my ear.
 I whipped around, striking blue eyes inches away from mine. I put my hands onto his chest, moving him away from me so I could see him better. He wore a football jersey, his toned body evident through it. His helmet was in one hand as he ran the other through his jet black hair, whilst gazing at me.
 'Luke...’ 
I turned back to my locker and continued to put my things away. Luke leaned on the locker next to me and said
'Am i in trouble? I'm sorry about last night. My cousin has just moved here and my parents insisted on having them over for dinner- then we ended up going for a little tour around the town.' He frowned, blowing his jet black hair out of his striking blue eyes. 'Fucking pointless really- he upped and left- apparently he needed a smoke- but then he never came back.’ He rolled his eyes then focused on me. ‘Anyway, do you forgive me?'
I sighed, his puppy dog eyes looking at me. 'Yes, but you can make it up to me later.' I kissed his lips lightly as his eyes lit up.
'That’s a deal, right there. Gotta run babe, I'll see you at lunch yeah?' He winked at me as he walked in the direction of the gym. I grabbed my drink from my locker and opened it for a quick sip before class, forgetting to open it slowly- suddenly I was covered in sticky Lucozade. Luckily the hallway was quiet with everyone in class, so I made my way to the toilets to clean up as best as I could. Is there anything worse than being covered in sticky orange soda? I grimaced as I came out, still brushing my clothes down with the paper towels. I hurried along, trying to not be too late for class. I looked behind me to make sure I hadn’t made too much of a mess near the locker. The janitor was a freak and I really wouldn’t want to give him a reason to speak to me if i could avoid it. I turned back and walked straight into the new guy. ‘Shit!’
'I am starting to think you are making a habit of this Raven' his voice had a Brooklyn accent, ever so faintly but it was there. He looked amused as I stood and glared at him. His eyes twinkled and a smile played on his full, sexy lips. I shook myself mentally.
 'Raven? My name is Gretchen.' 
He held his hands up in mock surrender, 'Yeah ok doll. But either way that’s the second time you have thrown yourself at me. It's getting a little embarrassing. For you, not me.' He smirked as he glanced down the corridor.
What the fuck? 
I was furious. 'Excuse me? I have NOT thrown myself at you, you jerk.' I picked up my bag and stormed past him, hearing him laugh as I walked away, his delicious scent enveloping the air around me.
 'Hey Raven, where is the Gym?' he called
 I turned to face him. 'Down there,' I pointed behind him with my finger and said, 'and its GRETCHEN.' He hadn't heard the last bit as I saw him turn the corner. Why did I even respond to Raven?! I groaned and walked back to class, trying to avoid the way my heart was racing.
By lunch I was starting to feel drained. I sat on a table with Rosie, Ethan and Sienna and unwrapped my turkey sandwich. 
'Looks like someone isn't happy,' Rosie nodded over to the corner of the canteen where Krystal was having a heated conversation with Luke, my boyfriend. She was showing her phone to him and he had his hands up as he seemed to say he was sorry. As she left Luke grabbed her arm and went after her. I frowned and stood up to follow them. 
'G? You want me to come with?' Rosie stood and looked at me worriedly.
 'No babes, I'm cool. Back in a mo...' I pushed the canteen doors open and saw Krystal and Luke whispering furiously at each other.
 'Everything ok?' I stood with my arms folded as Krystal rolled her heavily made up eyes, 
'Off to mummy, baby boy...' She said in a annoying sing song voice. She stormed through the double doors of the school whilst Luke turned to face me. 'Hey baby, sorry about that.' He looked super cute today I noticed, but that wasn't the point. He pulled me over to him. 'She isn’t happy that she didn’t get captain of the cheerleading team. She seemed to think I could do something about it- How could I?!’ Luke was the captain of the football team and therefore the cheerleaders seemed to believe he was theirs to order about and make demands from. I leaned forward and pulled him forward to me to kiss his soft lips, he slid his arms around me and pulled me close as our kiss deepened, his tongue exploring my mouth as I ran my fingers down his back. I pulled away then kissed him again as he said,
'Babe you're divine, you know that? Shall we skip the rest of school and go for a drive....' He winked at me as I swatted his arm. 'Are you free on Saturday? Another family meal....but this time you are invited' He pulled me towards him, kissing my neck as he did, 'You can stay in my room, all night if you want......'  
CHAPTER 2
I stared at my closet. I had been dating Luke for a little over a year and I knew his family well. Hell i had grown up with him! But if I was honest, part of me still wanted to impress them. I settled on a black roll neck with my tight jeans. I swept my curls into a loose clip and applied my usual mascara and lip-gloss. I packed a bag with a few things in case. Luke got lucky and I did decide to stay over- toothbrush, deodorant and some clean clothes. I pouted at myself in the mirror and decided I would do. I skipped downstairs where my parents were drinking wine and playing scrabble- how idyllic. 
'You look good honey, where are you going?' 
My dad sipped his wine and smiled at me. He was a silver fox, with deep green eyes framed with long lashes that I had inherited from him. My mom was the typical Californian blonde- waist length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and tanned skin. We shared the same full mouth, naturally cherry red. She was often mistook for my sister- I wasn't sure that was too much of a compliment for me…
'I'm off to Luke’s. Remember the dinner I told you about? I may be staying at his after- in the spare room, obviously...' I felt myself blushing.
 'Honey its fine. You are seventeen now, as long as you tell us where you are going to be, we totally trust you. Just be good, and keep us informed. Oh and Gretchen? It will always be the spare room, capiche?' My dad raised an eyebrow at me. I cringed and blew kisses at them both as I slipped on my trusty black boots. I heard Luke’s car beeping its familiar horn so I called goodbye and left.
Luke whistled as I got in his car. 'All this effort for me babe?' He winked. He looked smart too, and I began to worry I hadn't dressed up enough. 'Am I ok in this?' I asked, looking pointedly at his clothes.
 'More than. How am I going to be able to concentrate on anything but you tonight?' He pulled away from the curb whilst I fiddled with the radio to find some music. 'So Clara can't make it apparently- she has cheerleading practice.' He smiled at me as he said it, knowing I had no tolerance for the cheerleaders in our school. They were all airheads, the absolute of stereotypical cheerleaders. I glanced at him. 
'Clara? Is this like, your entire family?' I started to worry. I wasn't the most social of people at the best of times, I didn't want to spend the entire evening downstairs with every member of Luke’s family. They were nice enough, but they liked a drink more than most people.
 'Yeah pretty much babe. You'll be fine.' He squeezed my leg, as he swung the car into his driveway. Luke’s family were quite well off. His dad was a successful writer and his house proved as much. He parked the car and I got out, smiling nervously. His mother Bella opened the door to greet us.
 'Gretchen! How lovely to see you, how are you?' 
She embraced me, smelling of expensive perfume and air kissing each side of my face. I started to peel off my boots as Luke went off to get us some drinks. 
'Go get settled in the lounge darling,' Bella indicated the large room behind the stairs where I could hear laughter and music coming from. I walked in to find a very elegant lady sat on an armchair with a glass of champagne in her hand. She smiled at me as she said,
 'Ah, Luke’s little girlfriend has arrived, how sweet. Hello dear, take a glass of champagne' I felt the champagne thrust into my hand by Luke who smiled at me warmly. Luke’s little girlfriend? I sipped my champagne, if nothing else just so I didn’t have to reply. ‘'So that’s Nanna, as you know. Pops is over there with the whiskey,' a ripple of laughter broke out from the man sitting beside the whiskey cabinet looking rather red faced.
 'You've met Aunt Sally and Uncle Brett,' I waved awkwardly at the couple sat looking bored on the other sofa beside the window, 'my brother Sam and his girlfriend Nancy,' 
I looked up in surprise as the last time I saw Sam he was dating a woman called Clare, he made eyes at me in desperation and I laughed. 'Hey guys, good to meet you Nancy,' Nancy checked her nails and barely glanced at me in response. She was immaculate to look at, every blonde hair strand was perfectly in place on top of her head in a very well styled bun, with bright red lips and a sleek black playsuit. 
'Hey Gretta.' She drawled.
I glared at her as a small smirk played at her lips. Sam coughed and said 'Then the new guys in town,' he raised his glass in the direction of a woman dressed in a beautiful silk dress, her caramel coloured hair gathered to one side of her head with a diamante clip, the greenest eyes I thought I had seen somewhere before. 
'I'm Alice lovely. Nice to meet you. Drink up, you'll soon lose those nerves.' I immediately liked her, warming to her instantly. She smiled warmly as she continued, ‘My sons are on their way, I am sure they won't be long. We moved here literally last week. It is a lot smaller than New York but at least we are closer to family.' 
I found my voice at long last and managed to squeak out a 'Welcome to Winterburg' as Luke sank into yet another sofa and indicated for me to join him. The drinks flowed and I felt myself relax until I heard a commotion at the front door, and Luke squeezed my knee. 'Looks like the brothers decided to make an appearance at long last,' he said drily. A man entered the room with the same green eyes as Alice, framed with dark lashes and messy dark chocolate hair in a mass of waves around his shoulders. 'Hey everyone, I'm Drake.....' His voice had a slow, confident drawl to it and I noticed Nancy perk up and flutter her eyelashes at him.
 'Hey Drake, I'm Nancy' His eyes flashed over her as he gave her a smile. Sam frowned and looked annoyed but he still nodded at Drake. 'Alright bro? Finally made it then?' Sam put his arm possessively around Nancy.
Drake laughed then rubbed his neck awkwardly. 
'Yeah sorry about that dude. Car trouble.'
More drinks were poured and I excused myself to go to the toilet. I climbed the stairs and tried to remember which way it was- this floor alone had two large bathrooms and three bedrooms. I strode down the mirrored corridor and found the bathroom. After using the toilet, I checked my reflection and picked my phone up from my pocket, texting Rosie a heart telling her I missed her and that I was getting bored. The champagne was making my head hurt- surely it’s not usual to get a hangover before experiencing any of the fun right? My phone pinged back with a laughing emoji then a 'But maybe it will be worth it later, wink emoji' I rolled my eyes when suddenly the door opened and I was met with an intense green gaze. I jumped and yelped, 'Jesus!'  It was him! The guy from school! He strode into the bathroom and closed the door behind him. 'Excuse me, I was just...' I stammered, unable to peel my eyes away from his gaze. He walked up to me and stared into my eyes. 'Why are you everywhere I go?' His breath smelt of a mixture of alcohol and cigarettes, but that just attracted me more. I turned my head slightly and said, 
'Hey pal- I was the one in the toilet. Luckily I had finished!'
 He didn't move a muscle and I felt myself leaning closer towards him, my heart pounding in my ears. His eyes moved down to my lips and his hands were either side of me on the sink, his body pressing against mine. I should have told him to move, but I couldn’t- every part of me was screaming for this man to touch me in any way possible. Then without saying a word he moved back and leaned against the door. I felt myself glowing red as his eyes trailed down my body hungrily. I didn't know what to say. He was absolutely beautiful in every way, his mouth was full and he had a habit of biting his lip when he was silent. My heart raced as I walked towards him and reached for the door handle.
 'I need to go, I'm-' 
He smiled at me lazily and moved away from the door. He pulled a hip flask out from his jacket pocket and as he swigged from it he stared at me. 'What are you staring at?' He snapped. I could hardly tell him that I was staring at his lips as he drank, wondering what they would feel like on mine. 'I don’t know. I’m sorry.’
He raised his eyebrows. 'Come here.' 
It wasn't a command but my body responded like it was. He reached up and pulled my hair clip out of my hair, making it tumble around my shoulders. He ran his hand through it, then ran his finger over my lips.
'Stop apologising. Man I gotta piss.' 
As he unbuckled his belt and walked over to the toilet, I grabbed my stuff and ran out of there. I tried to calm myself down- nothing had happened except- well. He had played with my hair. Totally normal bathroom behaviour. I giggled out loud nervously. I felt immense guilt as I thought of Luke waiting downstairs for me. I took a deep breath and walked down the stairs and into the lounge where everyone had clearly forgotten about food and had just continued drinking. I needed to speak to Rosie urgently- if anyone would know what to make of this situation it would be her. Luke put his arm around me and whispered I was the most beautiful girl he had ever seen. I felt a little bit sick and asked him if we could skip the meal and just go to his room for a little bit. His eyes widened and a cheeky smile came upon his face.
 'Guys can you give us a shout when food is ready? Gretchen and I are just going to my room for a bit?' 
He stood and pulled me up to him, as the adults continued on as though we hadn't moved at all. As we made our way up the stairs someone was coming down them.
 'Dude, this is my girlfriend, Gretchen. This is my cousin Cal...' 
It was him. Cal. Luke’s cousin?! Cal looked at Luke and then to me. 'Seriously? ‘Luke frowned and glanced at me. I wanted the floor to open and swallow me up and I couldn't look at either of them.
'Happy fucking.' He muttered, and pushed past us, into the lounge. Luke squeezed my hand and laughed,
 'Fuck. I am sorry-he is a bit of a prick.' 
My phone vibrated and I checked it quickly. Rosie. 'Any better? Hope its got more interesting...;)' I followed Luke upstairs and into his room. 
 
It was the weekend- finally. I was glad not to be at school today. I couldn't face seeing Cal again, and I really wasn't up for seeing Luke either. The whole situation was fucked up! I slid into a booth in front of Rosie and she slammed her hand on the table, loud enough to make me jump. 'Rose!'' I yelled. 
‘Tell me every detail.’ 'She breathed.
I held my head in my hands. 
'It’s fucking weird. You have to promise you won't tell a soul.'
'Weird? You had weird sex? Please don’t tell me your first time was weird….' She looked puzzled, licking the cream from her latte with a spoon. 
'What? Rosie, I didn't have sex. That’s not what this is about.' I sighed, glancing around to make sure no one could hear us. There were a few people milling about, none of which seemed interested in my sex life, or lack of it. 
Rosie swallowed. 'You didn't have sex with Luke? Why?' 
I sighed, twirling my hair around my finger. 'We just....I couldn't....Cal was there....' Rosie tilted her head and frowned at me. 
'Sorry. What? Who is Cal?' I felt my neck burning and I stared into Rosies wide brown eyes.
 'I don't know what the fuck I am saying Rose.....but.....' 
At that moment Ethan, Luke and Finn came through the door, heading straight for our booth.
 'How's my girl?' Luke kissed me fully on the lips and scattered kisses down my neck, 'God you drive me insane,' He murmured into my ear softly. I laughed awkwardly and swatted him away. 'Stop Luke....our friends are here!' He sat back in the booth and addressed the others. 'Guys, my girl is gorgeous and I am sorry I cannot contain myself. What can I say, I'm a guy....' Rosie was still staring at me with confusion and I made eyes at her to stop. Just then a girl walked by the table followed closely by Finn, who already had his phone out. 'That guy never stops does he,' said Rosie, 'Such a dick.' Ethan smiled at her softly and said, 'Rosie anyone would think you were jealous.'
Luke was trailing his fingers down my back and staring at me thoughtfully. Rosie flicked her hair over her shoulder and huffed, 'Nah dude, I wouldn't touch him with someone elses. Pure womaniser.'
 I followed her gaze to Finn who was laughing with her girl at the counter, typing his number into her phone before heading back to our table. 
‘Sup Rosie girl?' 
Finn slid next to her in the booth and she rolled her eyes before moving as far away from him as she could. I watched her carefully, quite sure she felt more for Finn more than she let on. Finn was staring at his phone, typing away before glancing behind him back to the counter and the girl giggled at her phone and blushed. 
'Do you ever stop?' Rosie snapped at him her brown eyes blazing. She picked up her phone and stared at it intently. Finn shrugged without moving his eyes from his phone, a smile playing at his lips. He leaned back against the booth and looked at us. 
'You know, I reckon I might ask her to the dance.' I glanced at Rosie who pretended to be furiously texting someone. 'She's pretty hot and I don't think it would take much to take her home...' 
Ethan laughed, which was quickly silenced by Sienna folding her arms and glaring at him. Luke shook his head at Finn. 
'Dude, what about a girlfriend? Wouldn't that be better?' He kissed my cheek and pulled me towards him.
Finn raised his eyebrows. 'One girl? Where’s the fun in that when I can have a different one to suit my mood?' 
Rosie closed her eyes.
'It’s good enough for me and Ethan.....' said Luke shrugging.
‘Is it?’ Said Finn, raising his eyebrows. ‘You are in high school for fucks sake. Get it whilst you can,’ He laughed 'So many opportunities, so little time.....I would be quite happy to make my way through them all.' 
The boys were clearly trying hard not to laugh, as Rosie stared at Finn in disgust.
'EXCUSE me. I need the toilet.' Rosie pushed Finn from the booth and made her way to the ladies.
'Well, looks like someone needs to get laid' Finn shrugged as he watched her walk away. Luke sighed and said he would text me later, and they left, not before Finn managed to get another number......
CHAPTER 3 
All I wanted to do was sit in front of my tv and gorge on Nutella on toast, but instead I had to get ready for school..... I had a habit of over analysing things, and technically I hadn’t kissed the guy...despite it running through my mind ever since- surely that wasn't enough to feel guilty was it? So why, whenever I thought of his beautiful face did I get butterflies in my stomach? Why did I feel like I couldn't breathe when he stared at me with those insanely intense eyes? Why did I think about him when I fell asleep and as soon as I woke up? I felt awful. Well done Gretchen, you're a cheat. Well, pretty much. I heard a ping on my phone, notifying me I had a text.
 'Love you baby. x' 
I felt like screaming. How was I going to get through today? I texted back with a simple 'x' and then stared at myself in the mirror. Maybe I would wear my hair down today....I ran some curl cream through it and scrunched it up, making the curls wild and sexy. I did my usual lip-gloss and mascara, but decided today, I wanted to make an effort. I pulled on my thick black tights and a honey coloured jumper dress before heading out to walk to school. I was halfway there when I saw Cal. I felt my chest close up and my steps slow as I watched him. He was smoking, obviously, but he looked incredible. He had a grey beanie hat on with his blond hair escaping out of the sides. He had a white Ramones t shirt, ripped skinny jeans and trainers. He wore a black leather jacket and was talking to someone, I just couldn't see who it was. I walked slowly and moved to the right so I could see who it was. I saw a red skirt, knee high boots.....fuck. He was talking to Krystal. My heart sank and I felt sick with jealousy. She was clearly flirting with him, and leant forward and pulled him towards her using the collar of his jacket. She took the cigarette out of his mouth and kissed him hungrily. I couldn't watch, couldn't bear to. His hands were all over her. Fuck, there was literally no other way to walk, so I crossed the street and strode as fast as I could past them. I heard a car pull up beside me and was so relieved to see Sienna and Ethan.
 'Need a lift babes?' Sienna called. I climbed into the back, grateful to be hiding away from the sight of Cal with Krystal. 'Looks like Cal met Krystal' laughed Ethan nodding behind them. 'So?' I said coolly. Ethan just shrugged. 'If you like that kind of thing' he said as we sped away. ‘Many boys do' I pointed out. Ethan held his hands up, nodding in agreement. I climbed out of the car and made my way into school. 
I didn't see Krystal for the rest of the day, but I thought about her constantly. How was it, kissing that face? God his hands were beautiful. I tried to concentrate on Psychology but just couldn't. Maybe I needed therapy myself? The classroom door opened and Cal walked in, looking idly for an empty seat. I stared out of the window and tried not to look where he sat, but I could smell his delicious scent so I knew he was close. I turned back and stared hard at the front, when the teacher, Mr Gane spoke. 'I want you to do this in partners. This project will form a large part of your final mark so put as much into this as you can guys.' 
He shuffled his papers then glanced up at us. ' I want to know the effects of talking therapy. I want you to do this in partners, and then present to the class your findings. It is entirely up to you what you talk about but as true psychology students, you must remain confidential. I have chosen your partners for you, I want this to be a real experience.' 
He called out names and eventually got to me. 'You are with Cal Fallon Gretchen. Good luck.'
 I felt my stomach drop and I turned to look for him. He was sat with his head down sleeping. In class. Luke frowned and glared at Mr Gane. Rosie mouthed OMG to me and all the other girls just glared at me like I was the luckiest girl in the world. So why did I feel so scared? I gathered my things as the bell went, and I walked over to Cal's desk and nudged his foot with mine. He woke with a start and looked at me through his sleepy long lashes. 
'What do you want now?' he yawned. I took a deep breath. This was important, this was my grades. Working as a therapist was my absolute dream and I couldn't afford to mess this up at all.
 'You and me are together.' I babbled incoherently. 
He gazed at me. 'What are you talking about? You are so fucking odd sometimes.' He yawned again, leaning back in his chair. He rubbed his eyes and stretched, causing his t shirt to ride up and expose the white hairs on his tanned, taut stomach. He caught me staring at him and smirked, pulling his top up more. 'Better view?' 
I averted my eyes and then said, 'listen, this is serious. You are my partner in this class for this project. It means a lot to me. We have to do talking therapy....' 
He was listening to me, actually listening to me.
 'It’s important to you?'  His voice, my god. It sounded like it was serious effort for him to speak, like he was so lazy he couldn't be bothered. 'Ok sweet. I can't really flunk class either to be honest, but I reckon you won't need me to do much will you? You seem a bright girl.'
I blinked. 'I need you to do it, asshole. I can't talk to myself and present alone.' I realised I was angry. 
He laughed and said, 'Come round to mine tonight. We will.....talk. Can you bring some pizza and beers?' He looked at me hopefully.
 'What?! I don't even know where you live...Pizza and beers? Hardly what therapists do is it?'  He held his hand out. 'Give me your phone.' Again it was like a command.
 'What for?'  I demanded.
He sighed, 'Gretchen, can I have your fucking phone so I can put my number in, so I can text you my address, unless you want to type it in to your phone- either way I don't care. I've got stuff to do till 7, can you come after that?' I handed him my phone and regretted it instantly when he saw my screensaver. My cheeks burned as I realised it was of me and Luke. ‘Done.’ I grabbed my phone back as he lifted himself out of his seat with ease, the muscles on his arms showing through the thin fabric of his t shirt.
'Babe, I thought you were in here....' Luke had walked back in, his voice trailing off as he saw Cal standing in front of me
 'Sup Cal? I see you got my girl as your partner, make sure you get any secrets out of her won't you?' He laughed and laced his fingers through mine. Cal looked at Luke, in mock excitement. 'Ooh I’m sure she is a deep ocean of secrets.’ and left the room, his ass looking incredibly sexy in those tight jeans.
Luke watched me carefully. 'Sorry you got him. Want me to have a word with Mr Gane? Maybe we can convince him to give you someone semi human.’
His arms circled me and breathed in his scent, nothing like Cal but somewhat safe and comforting. 'It’s ok, I think I can handle him,' Oh I bet I could. Just not in the way Luke thought.
What the fuck? 
I had a boyfriend. This was strictly schoolwork. So why was my stomach in knots?
The time dragged. Every time I looked at the clock it had barely moved. Ten minutes to seven. I looked at myself in the mirror. Hoody and joggers. I wasn't making an effort for him, hell no. I checked his address again and couldn't believe he lived literally one block away from me. How had I never seen him? I kept going back to my inbox, just to see the name ‘Cal’ and an unread message. It led to me dreaming up all kinds of messages. Right I was leaving-I would walk slowly. I shouted to my mom that I was off to do homework with a friend and that I wouldn't be late. I left the house, and walked slowly to Cal's. The house was almost a carbon copy of mine, except it was a corner plot, meaning it was larger.  I walked up to the door and took a deep breath before knocking. Alice answered with a warm smile. 'Hey, Gretchen isn't it? Is Luke with you?' She looked confused. 
'Ah hey Mrs Fallon, no, it is just me. Cal and I are psychology partners....' I shuffled uneasily on my feet, aware that my face was beet red. 
She nodded and stepped back for me to go in. 'Oh! Well come in, his room is on the top floor. Do you want a drink?' 
I declined and made my way up the stairs, looking for the other set of stairs to reach the top floor. My legs were shaking as I made my way up the ladder like stairs to a dark wood door and knocked quietly. It opened and there he was. He wore grey pants and a black vest that hung low over his chest. Ok, I was in his room. HIS ROOM! 
'Oh you are early. That is cute. Come in.'  I had to stop swooning everytime he spoke. He must be so fucking used to this, I was yet another girl to him. I decided then and there to stop being such a typical girl, and behave like I actually had a boyfriend, and a brain for that matter.
His bed was a mess, the curtains were closed and there were clothes all over the floor. He sat on the bed and patted the space next to him. 
'Why do you look so scared whenever you are near me? We have to work together-you need to relax. I'm not going to try it on with you, I can assure you.' He laughed and I felt a flash of annoyance as I remembered him with Krystal that morning.
Why? What the fuck did I just say to myself?! Here I was, jealous that he had kissed the school slut. 
 'Yes I know, I saw you with your girl this morning,' I snapped. 
His eyes widened as he turned to look at me, bemused. 'My girl? When did I see you anyway?' 
I shrugged. 'Krystal. This morning I passed you on the way to school.' He gazed at me and smiled. 
'You should’ve said hey.’ He didn’t deny her being his girl, and this annoyed me more than anything else. 
'I didn't think you had any spare oxygen for conversation Cal.' I retorted.  He laughed, that gorgeous sound again. 
'Anyway,' I said, reaching for my bag
He stopped me, his hand on mine. 'Erm, are you jealous? Could it be that little miss girlfriend is jealous?'
 He was so close to me I felt like I couldn't breathe. I wanted to punch him for being so right. Instead I made a face at him and moved his hand away from me, reaching back into my bag. 
 'What? Don't flatter yourself.' I snapped. 
I pulled out two notebooks. 'Here you go.' 
I handed him one and he looked at me. 'So you spill all your darkest fantasies for me and I write them down and tell your horny as fuck boyfriend so that he can finally please you the way you want? Wonderful, happy to help.' He laughed as he lit a cigarette.
'What?! Why are you so crude? Can you PLEASE open a window, I don't smoke. Gross.' My heart hammered against my chest as I thought about my darkest fantasies. God he was such a bastard. He opened a window and sat in front of me against the door on the floor, leaving me on the bed. 
'Ok, so talking therapy is when you speak to someone about any negative feelings... so we have to explore that...' He gazed at me as he inhaled. 'So there are a few different forms of talking therapy, my personal favourite is interpersonal therapy. What about you?' 
He leant forward slightly.
 'Do I look like I do therapy? I have no idea. Let’s do that personal one you like.’
 I went down to his level on the floor and crossed my legs, and stared at him uncomfortably. 'I think we need to get to know one another.' 
He shifted forward a little and said,
 'Me too. How we going to do that? I prefer your hair down by the way.' 
I felt my cheeks blushing deeply and was grateful it wasn't overly bright in that room. 
'Excellent to hear Cal. So, tell me about your life?' 
He laughed properly then and said, 'What a shit question. Here's an idea. I'll ask you a question, you have to be entirely honest with me, don't forget, this is strictly confidential. Neither of us can tell anyone anything. Also, I thought interpersonal therapy was used to treat moderate to severe depression, but I will let you lead. So. Ready? Or do you want to go first?' 
I looked down at my hands. He was right, it was totally confidential. How did he know what interpersonal therapy was about when he just said he didn’t know what it was? He was so confusing. I looked him in the eyes and asked,
 'Why are you so rude to people?' 
He laughed again and said, 'That’s your question? Why am I rude to people?'
 I stared at him indignantly. 'It’s a fucking question.' 
He whistled then. 'Ok precious. I don't have much tolerance for people. I don't like anyone, it’s better that way. But I am curious as to who you think I have been rude to?’ 
'But you like Krystal?' I shot back, ignoring his question.
'No Gretchen, you don't get to ask two questions. It’s my turn.' I folded my arms and started to realise how absolutely horrific this situation was becoming. 
'Fine, ask away'. I mumbled.
'Are you happy with Luke?' 
Just like that, so direct. I opened my mouth to answer. 'What has that got to do with anything?!'
 'It’s a perfect valid question. It’s your relationship. Are. You. Happy?' His voice was softer now, his eyes seeming to be searching my face.
 I nodded confidently. 'Yes. Well, I was.....' 
What? Was? Where did that come from? Why did I say that? I closed my eyes, hoping he hadn’t noticed that last part.
 'Are you going to elaborate? This is confidential.' No such luck. Argh.  I felt myself wanting to talk to him, against all my screaming body signals not to.  'It’s personal though Cal. I don't even know you.' I found myself saying.
'You wouldn't know a therapist. This is what this is for isn't it? Why don't you ask me a question, then we can go back to that. ‘He responded quietly.  I felt relieved he had given me a get out of jail free card and I thought carefully about my question.
 'Have you ever been arrested?’ I was not thinking straight. Why would a therapist ask that? It’s not truth or fucking dare Gretchen!! 
'Yup. My turn.' My heart leapt into my mouth, he had been arrested?? He didn’t offer any elaboration and I didn’t dare ask. His hair fell in front of his eyes and he moved it away, both hands on his knees.
I was intrigued, but I had to wait my turn, that was the deal. 
'Elaborate.' That was all he said. He leant back. Oh fuck. He wasn’t letting this go. I played with my fingernail whilst I considered what to say, I wanted to be honest with him. But that would be revealing way too much. This was his cousin, how could I trust him to be confidential? 
'He is very sweet. We have been together for a little over a year. He treats me so well...' He continued to stare at me with that intense gaze. He gave nothing away with his face. 'I am just not sure I want to be with him forever, does that make sense? If you don't want to be with someone forever what’s the point in bothering?' 
'Is that your question to me?' He raised an eyebrow.
 'Yeah it is' I was eager for the attention to move away from me and my relationship, that, up until now I had thought was actually swell. 
'I think that we have relationships with different people to learn things. Learn how to behave, how to fuck, how to break up, how to be.' When he said fuck I felt a feeling deep inside me that was totally unfamiliar, yet delightful. I bit my lip and looked at him as he continued,
'You said he makes you happy, and that he is sweet. Is that what you want? Like, what really turns you on? Do you even know?' 
He didn't change his expression at all. I swallowed, feeling ashamed I couldn’t even answer him. What did I want? Him? Could I just say that? ‘I don’t know what I want, you are right.’ He raised his eyebrows. ‘As for what turns me on?’ 
Fuck it. 
‘I want to kiss someone in the rain. I want someone to push me against a wall, kiss me hard and pull my hair to the point of pain. I want to want someone so much they are all I think about.’ I couldn’t meet his eyes. My breathing was heavy, my chest rising and falling rapidly. He didn’t speak, just stared at me. This time I couldn’t read his expression at all.
'My turn. Do you like being single?' 
Where had this bravery come from?
He cleared his throat. 'It’s not about being single or being in a relationship. It would just be. I imagine I would have to feel things I had never felt before. That would show me that it was different, not just a fuck, or a crush. I have never felt like that before. Are you really making notes? It’s confidential! ‘I looked up guiltily. 'No i was making key notes. Like, needing a new emotion to experience something new.' 
'Are you in love with him Gretchen?' 
His voice seemed different when he asked that.
'Of course I love him Cal. He is my boyfriend.' 
'That’s not what I asked,' he argued. 'I asked if you were IN love with him. Totally different.' He looked at me triumphantly.
 'I think I may not be.' I said quietly.  
I blinked and realised I had tears in my eyes, what the fuck was going on?
 'I have to go. It’s getting late.' 
I stood up and he stood with me, his hands tilting my face up to his as he looked at me with an expression of concern.
 'You ok? Come here.' 
He wrapped his arms around me and I allowed myself to breathe him in, feeling dizzy from the rapid heartbeat, crazy emotions and that fucking divine smell of his. I felt totally safe and secure, and so far away from the world. I pulled myself away from him and he grinned at me.
 'I think I may be a shit therapist. They aren't meant to hug their clients are they? Come on Raven. Let’s walk you home.' 
I didn't have the strength to argue, plus I wanted as much time with him as possible. When we reached my drive and I turned to him. 
'Thanks dude. We will need to meet up again soon and try and pick some points out about whether it works-'
 He put his finger on my lips. 'Sssh. Stop thinking. Go and get some rest, I will see you at school.' He turned and walked away, lighting yet another cigarette. I headed to my bedroom and logged into Facebook on my laptop. There were photos of Sienna & Ethan at the Rink, looking totally loved up. I clicked onto my profile to see the photo of me and Luke after one of his games looking incredibly loved up too. What the fuck happened? I climbed into bed and heard the ping that alerted me to a text. It was from Cal!
 'Confidential, I won't tell anyone. Night beautiful. ' 
CHAPTER 4 
I woke with a start. My phone was ringing and it must've been 4am. I found it and swiped at the screen until it stopped making the noise.

 'What?' I said groggily.

 'Gretchen. Tell me you are NOT in bed. I'm outside your house.' 

It was Sienna! I ended the call and looked at the time. 745am? I sat up and padded downstairs to answer the door. Sienna swept in in a flurry of perfume and glitter. I reached into the fridge and pulled out the OJ. 

'Sienna, where is the fire?' My dad laughed as he walked into the kitchen ruffling my hair. 

'Morning Mr Red. I came to remind Gretchen we have the dance tonight. I am not even sure she has an outfit.' She pouted at me and I groaned. 

'The dance? Arghhhhh.' 

'See?' She sighed. 'If you are quick we can hit the mall before school.' 

I slid some toast into the toaster and sighed.

 'You haven't time for toast Gretch!' 

My mom sailed in at that point and smiled at Sienna.

 'There is ALWAYS time for toast.' She poured herself coffee as I said 

 'Especially with Nutella...' 

'What are you wearing?' I demanded.

‘I have the most beautiful dress. Wait till you see it!' Sienna smiled smugly.

Twenty minutes later we were in the mall, trying to find me a dress.

 'What about this, my god Gretch, its stunning.' I yawned and turned to see the dress. It was strapless, in a deep emerald green. 

'Wow, I do like that!' 

I paid at the till and we made our way back to Sienna’s car
.'What would you have done if I hadn't had mentioned the dance this morning? Hmm? Where would you be without me?' She grinned as I stuck my tongue out at her.

 'I totally forgot about it. It’s just not that exciting is it?' I teased. 
Sienna turned and gaped at me. 'Are you for REAL? The annual dance is not that exciting? Come on, what has happened to you?! Sorry, what would you class as exciting my lady?'

‘Oh I dunno, Brad Pitt in Fight Club?' 

She laughed, 'Hell yeah in that red jacket? Gotta love a bad boy, hey Gretch?'

 I didn't answer that, and instead asked who Rosie was going with to the dance. 'She mentioned something about a guy from her history class,' I mulled it over, wondering again about my conversation with Cal last night. 'Si, do you think you and Ethan will be together forever?' She parked at school and turned to look at me. '

You are acting really fucking strange Gretch. What’s going on? Are you and Luke ok?' 

Her eyes were full of concern as yet again my eyes filled with unexpected tears.

 'I don't know Si. I just don't know how I feel about him anymore.' Admitting it to Sienna felt so different to admitting t to Cal last night. Sienna hugged me tightly.

'Babes, this is ok, it will be ok. Maybe you are just going through a rocky patch. Luke is amazing and he is so into you. I really would LOVE to be with Ethan for the rest of my life, I couldn't imagine being with anyone else, honestly.' 

I sighed and dried my eyes. 'I know, probably just hormones hey?' We got out of her car and walked up to the school, both stopping when I heard my name being called.

 'Gretchen, wait.' It was Krystal. She tottered over to me on her heels and I tried not to groan out loud. 

'What Krystal?' She had on another mini dress, and a full face of makeup. She was a pretty girl, she didn't need it.
 'So, I don't like you. You don't like me, I hope not anyway.' 
She flicked her hair and looked around.
 'I need you to swap partners for psych. I have been partnered with your little boyfriend and I see you have been partnered with mine?' 

I glared at her. 'Cal is your boyfriend?' She laughed in my face.

 'What do you call someone who you spend most of your time naked with, exploring each other’s bodies? Yes dumbass, he is my boyfriend. So we are swapping partners. I need as much time with him as possible. Have a nice life.' 

She stalked off. I was furious. How dare Krystal think she can tell me what to do? Cal was my partner! I was about to storm in when I felt a hand on my shoulder. 

'Hey baby,' It was Luke, his handsome face was creased with worry. 'Are you ok? What was up with Krystal?  You haven't answered my texts or calls?'

 I blinked at him. 'Sorry Luke, I am just tired...and you know Krystal, always dependable to be a bitch.’' He reached up to kiss me and I stepped back.

'I can't babe I need to get to class, I'm already late.....' He frowned and looked at me. 

'Can we talk later Luke?' I turned and walked into school not waiting for his answer. I ran down the corridor despite the signs declaring it was banned and that we needed to walk. The day passed in a blur, and eventually I couldn't avoid Luke much longer. I found him near the bleachers after practice. He was sweaty and looked gorgeous. I felt so bad for being an awful girlfriend but what could I do? I couldn't help how I was feeling.

 'Here you are,' he said happily. 'What time shall I pick you up for the dance later?' 

Why had it annoyed me that he assumed we were going together? Of course we would be. 'Is 7 ok?' He asked. He tilted my head up and kissed my lips softly. 
'Are you ok? I am serious. Something doesn't seem right.' I noticed Krystal and Cal sitting on the bleachers. Him leaning back whilst she ran her hands down his chest, whispering in his ear. He literally made me feel like I couldn’t stand, his aviators hiding his eyes so I couldn’t see where he was looking. I just hoped he wasn’t watching us- how awkward. I forced a smile. 'I just need to relax I think. Tonight would be good for me. Can we just enjoy the night without any pressure or questions?' 

'Of course baby. I'll meet you at 7. Can't wait to see what you are wearing.' He winked and patted my ass as I walked away. Why did it always seem to come down to sex and ass with him? I noticed Cal was now alone, Krystal leaning forward talking animatedly to her little posse. There was no doubt his eyes were on me, and he didn’t look most pleased. I shook my head and hurried back into school, wishing I was anyone but me today.

Later that evening, I walked downstairs trying not to trip in my heels. I lifted the green dress up slightly and my parents insisted on taking a million photos. 'Guys please, I just want to go...' I groaned.
 Luke held his hands up in a way of apology. 'Sorry Mr & Mrs Red, ladies orders.' 

They both smiled and wished us a great evening, with me promising to be back at a reasonable time. The drive to the dance was very quiet. We pulled up and Luke turned to me.

 'Babe, just have a good night tonight. I'll be there whenever you want me, ok?' 

I smiled gratefully and we made our way into the dance. The hall was decorated in silver and white, and as we walked in we walked on a plush red carpet- which I tried not to fall over on. Straight away I saw Rosie standing with Hal, a striking boy from our history class. I made my way over to them and embraced Rosie.
 ‘Babe you look sensational!' I breathed. She really did. She had her hair poker straight and had a full black dress with red slits in exposing her gorgeous legs. Her brown eyes were surrounded by smoky black glitter and her lips were painted a deep red.
 'WOW.' I whistled. 
She beamed at me, 

'You think so? Eek. You look amazing as per.' 

Hal excused himself to get us drinks when Ethan & Sienna made their way to us. Sienna looked insane in a glitzy gold dress showing off her shiny red hair and tanned skin. Ethan couldn't take his eyes away from her and her him. We were joined by Luke and Finn, who didn't appear to have a date.

 'Girls, who wants to dance with me?'

 He held his arms open and did a double take at Rosie.

 'Rose? Shit man you look incredible.' 

His face changed as he stared at her and held his hand out to her. 

'Please may I have this dance?' He didn't wait for a response and Rosie rolled her eyes and walked to the dance floor with him. Sienna pressed a glass into my hand whispering, 'down that, I popped some vodka in to make it work quicker,' she winked at me and I struggled to drink it, it tasted like rocket fuel. I heard Little Mix blaring through the speaker, ‘Only You’ How very apt, I thought. As the night went on I found myself searching the dancefloor. Where is he? I bet he didn't want to come. I can't imagine dances are his thing. I remembered Krystal’s words and I knocked back the entire drink, signalling to Sienna for another. Hal was standing on the side watching Rosie and Finn, who were extremely close on the dancefloor, ten songs later. Sienna nudged me.

 'Look at her.' I followed her eyes to see Krystal standing on the side of the dancefloor looking incredibly pissed off. 

'Wonder where her date is?' I said out loud. 'Well,' Sienna slurred, ‘rumour has it she hasn't got one.' I looked at Krystal who was now speaking to Ray, one of the football players.
 'It won't bother her for long.'

‘’I’m broken here tonight darling, and no one else can fix me only you….’’ The lyrics played in my head as I searched for Luke with my eyes. He was dancing with Wes and Grey, two footballers. He was actually attempting to make the floss sexy. I couldn’t bring myself to watch.

I felt my phone vibrate in my bag. I opened it to see a text from Cal. My heart was in my mouth. Where was he? I scanned the room, then read the text.

'Come outside'

 I turned to Sienna and said I would be right back. She waved at me and smiled. My heart was racing in my chest. What did he want? Where was he and why was he not in the dance? I walked outside and looked around. I couldn't see him anywhere, but then I did. He was leaning against a tree, in his usual jeans and t shirt combo. I walked over to him and stood in front of him shivering. He handed me his jacket. 

'You look good enough to eat. How is it going in there?' His eyes were staring into mine. 

'Krystal isn't happy,' I held my chin up. 'She wants to swap partners apparently, you are hers and I need to be with Luke,' my voice deceived me, showing the jealousy I felt in every fibre of my being. Being this close to him made me want to just melt into his arms and ask him to take me right there and then. 

'Is that right?' He smiled softly. 'I don't think that would be the best course of action, do you? I think we are good together. So fuck Krystal.' I felt tingles all over my body when he said 'together'. 

‘That’s your job I gather.’ I folded my arms and stared at him with what I hoped was utter disgust. He frowned at me.
 
‘Of course it isn’t my job. I haven’t even fucked her, does that make you feel better?’ 

His eyes flashed with anger, his hand dangerously close to mine. 

Please let it be true. I couldn’t imagine him doing that with her….’What you do, and who you do it with is not my business Cal, let’s be honest here.’

It started to rain, and I glanced up. ‘Fuck. I can’t get wet!’ I went to make a move away from the rain when he put his hands either side of me on the tree. 
‘What was it you said?’ His breath was close to my ear, all I could smell was his masculine scent. 

I glanced around, noticing we were the only ones standing outside. ‘Cal-’

‘I want to kiss someone in the rain. I want someone to push me against a wall, kiss me hard and pull my hair to the point of pain. I want to want someone so much they are all I think about.’ He was quoting exactly what I had said yesterday word for word. My heart stopped, I think. Hi face was close to mine as he whispered, ‘Let me be of some assistance here,’
 He pushed his body against mine, my bare back feeling the rough of the bar on my back. I gasped as he kissed me hard, his tongue exploring my mouth, his hands holding mine against the tree. The rain was heavy now, but I didn’t feel it, at all. I kissed him back, my body screaming for him. He pulled away and rested his forehead on mine. He smiled and kissed me again, softer this time. I swear if he wasn’t holding my hands up, I would’ve fell over. I have never felt like this, ever.  I felt his eyes burning into mine.' I tried to speak but I couldn't. He moved my curls back from my neck and traced his finger along my collarbone and gazed at me. 
'I can't stop thinking about you, Raven,'  
My heart felt like it was going to explode out of my chest. I couldn't be trusted to speak. He pulled me towards him, running his hand down my back. 
'I don't know what to say,' I murmured. He lifted my fingers to his lips and kissed them softly.
 'I'll be straight with you, I don't want you to say anything. I want you to come home with me, right now.' I stared at him, unable to speak. Why couldn't I speak?! Suddenly I found my voice
.'This is what you are used to though,' He slammed his hands on the tree, '
No it fucking isn't - trust me. I cannot get you out of my fucking mind. Please. Come with me.' 
I found myself nodding, and he smiled then, a real smile that I had never seen before. He led me away from the dance and into a car. My heart pounded, what was I doing?! What was I going to tell everyone?! Cal drove carefully and without so much as glancing at me the entire drive. We pulled up to his house which was exactly as I remembered, but dark. Cal walked round and opened my door and slipped his hand into mine. I followed him, feeling like I was walking on air. WHAT WAS I DOING? Breathe Gretch. It’s just the hottest guy you've ever seen, taking you to his bedroom in your dress from the dance you were at with your boyfriend....We climbed the final steps to his room and closed the door behind us. He stood in front of me gazing at me, appearing to be watching me carefully. I slid my heels off and walked over to him. I placed my hands on his chest and he cupped my hand under his jaw and kissed my fingers again.
 'I don't know what I am doing Cal,' His eyes searched mine.
 'I don't either. If i kiss you again, I want you to be absolutely sure it is what you want.' His voice was hoarse with longing. 
‘'Please stop kissing my fucking fingers and kiss my lips,' I begged him. He brought his lips down on mine, his tongue urgently teasing mine. I kissed him back fiercely, my hands under his shirt, his hands finding mine and pulling away slowly.
 'Fuck....' He whispered. He pulled me onto his lap on his bed.
 'You remember that feeling I told you I would need, Gretchen?' I kissed his throat, devouring his scent in my mouth, my hands running down his back and his chest as I pushed him onto the bed. 
'Yes,' I breathed as he pulled me back. 
'I've got it. Right now. Against everything my body is telling me, I am NOT fucking you tonight.' 
I stared at him, his lips swollen from kissing me. KISSING ME! I felt like I was in a dream. 'You're not?' I couldn’t hide the disappointment in my voice. He stroked my bare shoulders and sat up, placing me next to him.
 'No, I am not. As hard as it is, when I do that, I want you to be mine. Do you understand? Mine.' 
I stared at him, this god like creature that was telling me he wanted ME? I knelt in front of him. 
'I haven't stopped thinking of you either.'
 He kissed me again, deeply until my phone rang.
 'Shit.' Cal’s eyes narrowed. 'Is it him?' 
I checked the display. 'No its Sienna.' I answered as Cal laid back on his bed. 
'Babe where the fuck are you? Luke is going crazy saying you've left. Have you?’ My eyes met Cal's. 'I'm ok Sienna, tell him I am ok. Tell him I will call him tomorrow. Please. I need to go. Will you cover for me? Please Sienna. I'll tell my parents I am at yours tonight. Please.' 
Our eyes hadn't broke contact. Sienna breathed out and said, 
'You aren't going to tell me where you are you?' 
'No' I whispered. 'I can't. But I am ok, and very, very happy.' 
She agreed to cover for me and speak to Luke. I turned my phone off.' Do you have anything I could sleep in?' I asked in a small voice.
 'Me?’ He laughed. 
'Easy there, buffalo Bill' we laughed easily. 
He gave me his t shirt and some shorts. 'You are really staying here?' He looked like the cat that had the cream. 
 'It looks like it...'
 He walked towards me and span me around.
 'Let me unzip your dress' he murmured, carefully sliding the zip down and stepped back. I let the dress slide down and I reached for Cal’s clothes.
 'My God you are fucking perfect.' He whispered.
I pulled the clothes on and slid into bed, my eyelids heavy and my tiredness sudden. Cal reached around me and held my hand and kissed my shoulder. I fell asleep instantly.

CHAPTER 5
I woke to a pale blue wall that was unfamiliar and certainly not mine. I stirred slightly and felt the warm arms surrounding me. Oh. My. God. I'm in Cal’s bed. With CAL. I turned to face him to see him fast asleep. His lips were parted slightly and his long lashes laid on his cheeks. I stared at him, my heart bursting with adoration. I leaned forward and kissed his lips, really softly.. Seconds later he was kissing me back. It was insane.
 'Is this what lust feels like?' I wondered aloud to no one in particular.
''Do you really think that's all this is? You are the first girl I've ever slept next to and actually slept.' He laughed and I hit him with a pillow. 'Are you ok though?' He looked at me, biting his lip as he did. I curled up next to him, my hands entwined with his.
 'This isn't me.. i don't feel good at all about lying here with you whilst im officially in a relationship. With your cousin of all people.'
 Cal ran his fingers down my back lightly. 'I know, i do. But what if you are meant to be with me, then being with him is the wrong thing isn't it? That makes this right?' I smiled at his inane logic. He leant on his elbow so he could see me properly. 'No one has to know yet.’
'So what about Krystal?' I pouted. 
He leant down and kissed me. 'Who? ' 
My heart hammered in my chest. 
'I dont think I've ever wanted anyone so much in my life, ' I pulled him down to me, kissing him until he pulled away, telling me he couldn't keep kissing me in his bed and leaving it there. I reached down and turned my phone on, to hear about a million beeps.
 'I'll get us some juice. Lucky there's no school today, now that would be awkward.' 
He strode to his door and closed it behind him. Ok so, lots of messages from a very drunken Luke. He loved me, he hated me, he was worried about me...i gulped, feeling absolutely evil. I called Sienna straight away. I told her i was fine and that all would be going home soon and all was going to be ok. . I didn't know what to say, but she begged me to call Luke. Cal walked back in and handed me a tall glass of chilled orange juice. I filled him in on the night’s events and he kissed me softly. 'Baby i know this is difficult for you, ' 
Did he just call me baby? Omg! 'But you've got to go with what you want. Do you want me to talk to him for you?' His voice sounded colder now. I shook my head, horrified. 'Shall i take you home?' He asked.
 I nodded, groaning as i realised the decisions i had to make.
 'Is anyone in?' I asked Cal. 
'No, you are my dirty little secret  ...’ He grinned, biting his lip as he did.
I kissed him again, this time he pushed me against the wall and lifted my legs around his waist. 'God i need you, do you understand? You're driving me crazy. ' He murmured, burying his face in my neck.
 'Cal,' I moaned, ‘I have to go and sort my life out....' 
He stepped away from me and I found myself pulling him back in to me again. 'Tell me Gretchen’ he almost groaned as he spoke, 'how bad do you want this?' 
I drank him in and kissed his chest, then his neck, before our mouths found each other again. 'So much, ‘I gasped as his eyes searched mine and he nodded. 'You are fucking mine.' His hand ran through my hair, tugging it slightly as he bit my lip softly. I arched my body into his and felt his hard cock against my body. My hand trailed down and before I could reach for it, his hand clamped on mine, forcing it against the door.
‘You are stopping me?’
I demanded as he breathed heavily. He stared at me, as he seemed to battle internally with his emotions. I swear if we were being watched by anyone they would be able to see the sparks flying. 
‘Not like this.’ He whispered. 
I didn’t get it. Not like what? I wanted him so much, and he was saying no? What was his deal? I stood, smoothing my clothes down. 
‘Shall we go?’ I said this coolly and he raised his eyebrows in confusion. I went to open the door when he pushed his hand on it, stopping me from leaving. My heart pounded as he brought his face close to mine. 
‘What’s wrong?’ He searched my eyes with his green wonders. ‘Are you angry that i won’t fuck you now, up against this door?’ he smiled softly, trailing his fingers down my arm. ‘I think you have enough to think about without me adding even more..’ 
Wow. He was doing this for me? He was right, I did have enough to think about, but now all I can imagine is him fucking me against the door. My insides were like jelly as he reached behind me and pulled the door open. We made our way downstairs, my legs still shaking from our doorway encounter.
I stood by the kitchen door in the clothes I had slept in when there was a sharp knock, which made me jump, my eyes widened in fear. Cal frowned and looked at me.
 'Who the fuck...'
He opened the door and in walked Drake. 'Dude i forgot my keys. Been a heavy night.' 
He looked at me in surprise. 'Hey, aren't you Luke's girlfriend?' 
He sat on the kitchen worktop as he drank orange juice from the bottle. What was with the men in this family? Drake’s tight t shirt clung to every contour in his arms and his torso, as I tried not to stare. 
'No man, shes not.' Cal growled, arms folded as he stood in front of me. 
Drake raised his eyebrows at us and shrugged.
 'Whatever. I need to hit the hay. Have fun kids.' 
He jumped down from the counter and made his way upstairs, smirking at me as he passed. I felt my cheeks burn. Cal turned me towards him and watched me carefully.
'if we are going to do this Raven, you're gonna have to get used to people having a problem with it.' 
He brushed his finger over my cheek as he stared into my eyes. I wanted him so much it hurt. I leaned up and met his mouth with mine. I couldn't believe i had the right to do that- kiss Cal Fallon! I felt like the luckiest girl in the world. Except now i had to go and face reality. Cal handed me his duffel coat which i quickly zipped up.
 'Ill get the car keys,'
He made his way past me into the hall as I pointed out I lived a mere block away. He laughed, looking at the heels i had worn last night in my hand,
'It’s your call babe, didn’t think they matched your outfit.'
He smirked at me as I rolled my eyes. We made our way to the car, me glancing around terrified, in case we saw anyone we knew. Cal glanced at me. 'Relax. It’s early. Drake was just getting in from his night out, everyone will be asleep.' 
He pulled up a little past my house and turned off the engine. He leaned back and watched me as I gathered my dress in one hand and my heels in the other. I looked at him longingly as I went to open the door. 
'How can i miss you when you are right in front of me?'  I asked, voice heavy with desire.
He smiled. 'Is that your next question?'
 I laughed. 
'Text me.' He ordered.  His eyes locked on mine as i nodded. I climbed out of the car and made my way into the house praying no one was up. The house was silent and I heard Cal’s car driving away. I crept up the stairs and into my room catching sight of myself in Cal’s clothes and quickly stripped them off. I pulled on my pjs and used a makeup wipe to remove what was left of my dance face. I climbed into bed as my phone pinged. 
'Bed is cold without you.'
I felt a rush of excitement as i imagined him lying in bed thinking of me. My phone pinged again and this time it was Luke. 
'Ring me. Please. We need to talk.' 
My heart sank. How can I be so happy yet so sad at the same time? I texted Cal,
'Luke wants to talk. Don't know what to say.' 
He replied instantly. 'That you're mine? Or let me do the honours.'
 My heart began to beat rapidly. How had this happened? How am I supposed to explain this? I dialled Rosie’s number. I didn't care how early it was. She eventually answered, whispering into the phone. 'Babes, I'm asleep. Ill ring you later!' 
She hung up. I stared at my phone in disbelief. How rude! I called Sienna. She answered immediately. 'Gretchen what the actual fuck. Where are you?' I quickly explained i was home. 'It’s really complicated Si, and I don't know how to explain....
She abruptly cut me off. 
'The thing is Gretchen, we were out at the dance, having a great time. Then you disappeared,  no one knew where you were. We all sobered up pretty quickly, looking for you. We were really worried. Then Luke went looking for you, and he didn’t come back!.'
I winced at the mention of Luke. I couldn't even bring myself to open my eyes. She exhaled down the phone. 'So. What happened?' 
I sighed and felt tears stinging my eyes. This was going to be difficult.
 'I was with Cal.’ I said it matter of factly, like I always had been with him.
I whispered into the phone. I heard Sienna inhale sharply.
'Cal Fallon? Are you shitting me Gretchen? With him HOW?!'
I didn't give her an answer.
 'I need to call Luke Si.'
 I hung up and stared at my phone. How the fuck was I going to explain this?
Luke answered on the first ring, his voice gruff. 'Gretchen....?'
Hearing his voice made me want to cry. 
'I'm so sorry Luke..'
He was silent at the other end.
 'Are you at home?' he eventually asked. 
I sniffled. 'Yes, why?'
'I'm coming over.'
He didn't wait for an answer and hung up. Fuck. I sat up in bed wondering what I was going to say. The doorbell went fifteen minutes later and I slowly walked down to answer it. I opened the door and there he stood in the doorway. His hair was tousled and he looked tired and annoyed. He sighed and I moved so he could come in. I stood looking at the floor, unable to meet his gaze. I walked to my room and he followed me silently. I sat on my bed my head in my hands, wishing I was anywhere but here. Luke sat in front of me on the chair by my desk. He was so handsome, yet I felt nothing for him like I felt for Cal. I tried to draw strength from this, remembering how happy I had felt earlier that morning. He glanced at the photos above my desk of us with our friends.
 'Are you going to tell me what happened Gretch?' His voice broke slightly and i took a deep breath. 
'Last night....i am sorry i left like i did....,' he stared at me, his eyes narrowing. 'Where did you go? I came looking for you.' I bit my lip and i finally met his gaze. 
'I was with Cal,' i whispered softly. His eyes widened and his mouth opened then closed.
 'What?'
His voice was quiet and deadly. I closed my eyes.
 'I went home with Cal.'
I said it matter of factually. His fist clenched so tightly i could see the white of his knuckles. 'Why?’ he spat. 'Why?' He was standing now and for the first time ever I felt afraid of him. 
'Luke I'm sorry....' he paced my bedroom running his hands through his hair.
 'So you spent last night with my cousin. Are you telling me it was a stupid mistake Gretchen?' 
My heart hurt so much looking at his face, the face i had kissed so much over the past year. 'I'm sorry....' 
He glared at me. 'Yeah you said that. What exactly are you sorry for?' He stared at me, his voice dripping in sarcasm.
'For hurting you. I swear i had no idea, this has happened so quickly.....' I knew I sounded like I was trying to make excuses for something you couldn’t excuse. My mouth was dry.
He sat back in the chair. 'I need to ask you something and i want the truth.' his eyes were full of hurt. 'Did you sleep with him?'
I met his eyes then and said 'No, I did not.' I didn’t add that I didn’t purely because Cal has amazing self-control and I didn’t...
 A look of relief passed over his face as he breathed out. He stood up. 
'Luke-' he raised his eyes to meet mine.
 'I don't want to speak to you right now. I don’t even know what to say. I’m fucking gutted. I don’t need to ask if you kissed him. I can see it all over your face.' He spat in disgust.
He turned and walked out of my room, down the stairs and out of my house. The tears came then and I didn't know if they were ever going to stop. There was a soft knock at my door and my mom walked in, her silk robe trailing behind her.
 'Baby? Was that Luke? It's really early.....is everything ok? What's happened?' she came over and wrapped her arms around me. 
'Oh mom I don’t even know where to start' I sobbed. She held me tightly and we sat silently. I pulled away and looked into her lovely face, so full of concern. 
'I don't think I love Luke anymore,'
She blinked a few times before speaking. 'It’s completely normal to fall out of love baby. You are seventeen. Did he hurt you?' Her eyes met mine and I shook my head. 
‘No, no he didn’t. It's not him….It's me….’ I cried.
She kissed the top of my head, 'Look. Get yourself a shower and put your make up on. Everything seems better when you look the part, even if inside you are crumbling. Then why don't you call Rosie or Sienna? Surround yourself with your friends baby.' She smiled as she stood up. She was right. I needed to take charge of the situation I had created.
My phone rang as I was drying my hair. 'Rose!' 
I was so happy to hear from her. 'Hey lady. Are you ok? Bit of an early call from you this morning...' She yawned. I apologised and arranged to meet her at The Lounge. I dressed quickly and checked my reflection in the mirror. I had an aqua green jumper on over my ripped jeans. I took a deep breath and made my way out the house. I turned at the end of my street and made my way to the bus stop into town. 
 
Rosie stared at me aghast. 
'You spent the night with CAL?!' She screeched.
 I glanced around us making sure no one heard.
 'Please keep your voice down, my god......' 
'Does Luke know?' She demanded, her eyes wide. 
'Yeah,' I admitted. 'I told him this morning, it wasn't great,' I sighed and looked at her. She shook her head and laughed. 
'I had my suspicions. I thought there was someone else, but Cal? Did NOT see that one coming. Fuck! What was it like?' I gazed dreamily in the distance as I remembered his lips on mine, his hands unzipping my dress…
‘Hello?!.' Rosie clicked her fingers in front of my face. I glanced at Rosie, breaking out of my reverie. 'I'm sorry, it was fucking amazing I am not gonna lie. I just feel bad.....' 
'No shit you do. I bet you are looking forward to school tomorrow. Two of the hottest guys in school fighting over you.’ Her voice was full of envy as she glared at me. 
'What am I gonna do Rose?' I held her hands over the table and she sighed.
 'I suppose you have to go with your heart....I thought Cal seemed a bit of a prick if I am honest. Plus he's been with KRYSTAL who is let's be honest, the biggest slut in school.’ She shrugged, as inwardly I seethed at the thought of him with Krystal, I didn't want to think of his hands anywhere other than over me.
’I think,' she continued, 'if you aren't happy with Luke you need to tell him and break it off. He deserves that Gretch. You did spend the night with Cal.....Wow. I still can't believe I am saying that to you. So, did you fuck him?' 
I shook my head, so grateful that Cal hadn’t allowed me to have my wicked way with him that morning or I would be feeling even more of a jerk right about now.
‘What?! So both said hot guys want to bone you and you aren’t giving it up to any of them? Can I be you for a day?’ Rosie begged.
 I rolled my eyes then, opened my phone and sent a text to Luke. He didn't respond. 
'So erm, how was your night? I saw you dancing with Finn that was quite the surprise....' I sounded like the coward I was, trying to deflect the subject away from me.  Rosie waved her hand dismissively. 'You know what he’s like. I just entertained him because I was drunk. I went home when we couldn't find you.'
 I nodded, 'I know, I’m sorry again for just leaving. It wasn’t planned. I just thought you and Finn seemed, a little cosy on the dancefloor....' 
She laughed. 'Cosy? Me and Finn? I can assure you we are anything but.' She flicked her hair over her shoulder. 'So what are you doing today? Seeing Cal?' Her eyes flashed with mischief. I bit my lip and said, 
'I should really see Luke but I don't think he wants to.' I checked my phone again. Nothing. Why was life so difficult all of a sudden?
 'Well I am heading home babes. I am beat. Last night has really took it out of me.' She slid out of the booth. 'Do you want a ride home?' 
I shook my head, 'No thanks. I need to clear my head anyway, the walk will do me good.' 
She kissed the top of my head. 'Love you Gretch. Chin up ok? You spent the night with the hottest guy in school' 
I smiled to myself as she walked away. So why didn't I feel happy? I left the Lounge and decided to walk the long way home. I needed to think. I crossed the road and walked down a street lined with pretty houses, picket fences, kids playing outside and sprinklers on the lawn. They looked so happy. I watched a girl playing with her sister, chasing her around with what looked like a snail. The girl shrieked for her mother whilst the other laughed so hard she held her stomach. I smiled, then realised I was staring, so made a move. My phone rang. Luke. I gulped and answered the call. 
'Hey,' I said softly.
 'Where are you?' His voice sounded tired.
 'Near the lounge. I am just walking home,' 
'That’s a long way to walk. Stay there I will come and meet you.' He hung up before I could respond. I sighed and stuffed my hands in my pockets. I glanced around and sat on a low wall near one of the houses. I didn't know what I was going to say, or even if he would listen. He was a good guy and I had treated him like shit. His car pulled up a short while later. 
'You getting in?' He snapped.  He watched me cross in front of his car and I sat in the passenger seat, not daring to look at him.
 'Look Gretchen. You made a mistake, right? I get it. He's a handsome guy. You got a bit tipsy.....We all make mistakes.' He reached over and grabbed my hand and for a minute he looked like the Luke I knew. 'We all fuck up. This is pretty fucking big though. Family meals are out of the question from now on.' He gave a bitter laugh. ‘Was this the first time?' He gripped the steering wheel.
 'Yes' I said in a small voice. Other than the time I nearly begged him to bend me over the sink in your bathroom...I closed my eyes at the memory. I am such a bitch.
 'Luke I am sorry. But I do like Cal, I just feel so confused...' He leant over and kissed me, hard on the mouth. I felt my back against the car door as he pulled me close to him, and I as I am so used to, I kissed him back, his familiar taste in my mouth. I put my hands on his shoulders and pushed him back.
 'I can't Luke,'
 He glared at me, his face close to mine. 'Why? Do you feel disloyal to him?' He spat the last word. 'I didn't think you felt disloyalty Gretchen. You sure didn't last night.'
My lips hurt from the force of his kiss. He started the car and pulled away. I felt scared as I pulled my seatbelt on and asked him where we were going. He stared ahead in stony silence, not responding. I thought quickly. He was a nice guy, he wouldn't hurt me. He was hurting. My phone rang and I reached for it. 
'Don't answer it.' He snarled. 'I just want your attention for a little while longer, if you would be so kind.' I sat back in my seat and stared out of the window. 'A year, Gretchen. Are you going to throw that away over a punk like him? Do you even know anything about him? He's a fucking dick. I assume you know that he's got a temper?' I didn't speak, just stared silently ahead. 'Oh boy has he got a temper. Why do you think they moved here?' I glanced at him as he continued. 'Why don't you ask lover boy that?' He pulled up not far from my house. 'Home sweet home honey.' He whispered. I released my seatbelt slowly.
‘This is BULLSHIT.’ He leant forward, pressing his lips down hard on mine again. This time I didn't kiss him back, pushing him away angrily. He pulled away and nodded slowly with realisation. 
'You want him don't you?' 
Tears filled my eyes. 
'Get out of my fucking car.' He stared ahead. My body trembled as I swung my legs out of the car. He barely let the door close before he sped away. I stood on the street, tears running down my cheeks. What had I gotten myself into? 
CHAPTER 6 
I walked into school the following day with Rosie. I didn't make eye contact with anyone as I made my way to my locker. 
'You ok?' Rosie said, looking at me with her eyes full of concern. 
'Yeah, of course. It’s a real shitty situation. I am literally the worst girl ever.' I sighed as someone leaned on my locker door, causing it to shut. 'Finn?' 
He glared at me, his arms folded. He looked furious. 'You have got to be fucking joking me Gretchen. You've ditched Luke for that prick? I can't believe you would do that to him. You know how much he adores you. He could've had anyone.' He looked at me in disgust and walked away, swinging his bag over his shoulder. Rosie stared at the floor. Why didn’t she defend me? 
 'Come on, let’s go to class....' Her voice trailed off as we saw Krystal standing at the bottom of the corridor, staring daggers at me. I rolled my eyes and followed Rosie into class. I looked around for Cal, but he wasn't there. I slid into my seat and tried to avoid the stares from everyone. I got my phone out and texted Cal. 
'Where are you?' 
He replied instantly, 'Bit of something to deal with at home. I'll text you later...are you ok?' I texted back furiously, 
'You aren't coming in to school?! Cal don't leave me on my own here.....It's fucking horrible...' 
I put my phone in my bag and held my hands over my eyes. The door opened and Finn, Ethan and Luke walked in. I looked out of the window, trying not to make eye contact with any of them... All eyes were on me as Luke sat beside me. I got my books out of my bag causing my phone to drop out between us on the floor. He glanced down and saw the envelope with the name 'Cal' on display. His eyes met mine. 
‘So where is he? Left you to face the music alone? What a lovely guy.' 
There were a few sniggers around the class. 'Then again, I don't suppose he gives a shit about you, or school.' The teacher cleared her throat. I closed my eyes as I felt tears pricking them. I suppose I deserved that. I opened the text from Cal.
 'Coming.'
 Relief coursed through me, I could not wait to see him. Luke glared at me. 'How could you do this, seriously?' he hissed at me.
 'Luke, do you have to, here? I have said I am sorry....' He pointed at my phone, 'Yeah you keep saying. So why are you still fucking texting him?' The teacher addressed us then, hands on her hips.
 'Is everything alright there Romeo & Juliet? If you would like to have a lovers tiff you can do that in your own time.' There was laughter around the room as I felt my cheeks flushing. 
'Fuck this.' Luke stood up and stormed out of the class, followed immediately by the teacher. All eyes turned to me.
 'This is none of your business, why are you all so fucking involved!' I snapped. I gathered my things up and left the class. Luke was sat on a bench with the teacher walking back to the class. 'Deal with your trauma, and get your asses back in here. We don't have time for these ridiculous games. I won't have it disrupting my class. In here working, or the principal’s office. Your choice.' She glared at me, then shook her head as she walked away. I stared at Luke. 'I'm-' 
'Sorry. Yes. You said. Do me a favour Gretchen and don't fucking talk to me again. You've made your choice.' He stood up and pushed past me into the class. I sat down on the bench and realised I couldn't stay in school today. It was too much, too hard. I walked out of the doors and straight into Cal. I fell into his arms, tears falling.
 'I can't do this Cal, its fucking awful. He doesn't want to speak to me and the whole school hates me,' I sobbed as he wrapped his strong arms around me.
 'Come with me.' He held my hand and took my bag. 'Fuck this shit today. We don't need it.' We walked to his car and drove away from the school. I sniffled and stole a glance at him. His hair was messy and his eyes looked tired. 
'Are you ok?' I asked, concerned.
He shrugged. 'I'm alright, don't worry about me.' He pulled into a deserted car park near a crappy diner. 
'What happened?' He turned towards me, listening intently as I told him everything. 
'Babe if you ever left me I would be fucking angry. If you left me for someone else, well.....' He didn't finish the sentence.
 'I wouldn't.' I said firmly. He tilted his head and looked at me. 'No, you wouldn't. You won't ever leave me.'
 My heart soared as he pulled me over to him, 'Are you mine yet?' He breathed into my neck as he kissed me softly. I kissed him back, unable to believe he wanted me as much as he did.
 'Yes ,' I breathed. He groaned and kissed me harder. 
'Cal,' I pulled away from him and stared into his beautiful green eyes. 'I need to go back to school. My parents will kill me if I don't.' He nodded. 'Whatever you want.'
 I moved back to my seat 'Are you mad with me?' I asked. 
He frowned at me, 'Why would I be mad with you?' He genuinely seemed puzzled. 
I felt a flush of embarrassment as I mumbled, ‘You know....for not....'
'Fucking me in the seat of my car?' He laughed mischievously. 'Not at all. It will be worth the wait, I have no doubt.' His hand squeezed my thigh. 'Let’s go face these fuckers.' 
When we got back it was lunch. He squeezed my hand as we walked into school, He lifted our hands up to me. 'Is this ok?' I almost burst with happiness. '
Yeah....although I don't think Luke will....' Cal put a finger to his lips. 'Fuck Luke.' We walked into the canteen and a hush fell. I saw Rosie and Sienna sat with Ethan, Luke and Finn. My heart was in my mouth. Cal and Luke stared at each other. Ethan whispered something to Luke and I saw the hurt in his eyes. I pulled Cal towards a table away from them. 
'Cal,' I whispered, 'Cal please....' I tugged his arm and pulled him away from the staring competition he seemed to be in with Luke. Luke stood up and Ethan tried to pull him back down. Rosie stood up and came over to us. 'Gretchen, why don't you guys leave? It’s really raw for Luke right now....' I stood to leave and Cal remained seated. 'Why? She has apologised. She can't help how she feels.' His voice was low and strong. Rosie glared at him. 'Because it’s courtesy, CAL. Less than 24 hours ago Gretchen was his girlfriend, or did that slip your memory?' 
Cal fixed his eyes on her bemusedly. 'I'm sorry, I thought you were Gretchens best friend, I didn't realise you were the president of Luke’s fan club.' 
'Cal! Please can you be nice? Rosie, I am sorry, we should go....' Rosie folded her arms and shook her head, walking back to the table. Why was she being loyal to Luke? I didn’t want to voice this in front of Cal, as I knew he would probably waste no time telling her exactly what a shit friend she was. Luke glared at us, Ethan and now Finn were now sat either side of him. 'Cal, please....’ I was aware my voice was pleading with him, I didn’t know what he was capable of and I didn’t want Luke to antagonize him in any way, no matter how wronged he felt. Cal turned and looked at me. 
‘He will see it sooner or later. He may as well get used to it. ' He brought my hand to his lips and kissed it. 'If you want to go, we will go.' I nodded pathetically. He swung his legs out and still holding my hand, gestured for me to walk ahead of him towards the exit. 
'Cal.' Luke’s voice rang through the canteen. I froze, my hand gripping Cal’s. Cal turned slowly. 
'Luke?'
It felt like the whole school was holding its breath. 
Luke stood, flanked either side by Ethan and Finn, who glared at me and Cal. 
'You're welcome to her. She's frigid as fuck and I'm glad to be rid of her.’ His words cut through me like a knife. Cal didn't blink. Rosie's hand flew to her mouth and she stood up in my defence. 'Luke, you can't say that....!' Luke put his hands in the air, ignoring her. 
'I'm a single guy now girls. Let the games begin.' He stared at me as he sat down, smiling wickedly as a phew whoops went around the canteen. 'Good luck cuz. You will need it.' Cal turned to me and held my head so I was looking into his eyes. 
'Listen to me. He is hurting. He's behaving like a fucking prick because he has lost you. If you want me to go and deal with him, I will. But i think the fact he hasn't got you anymore is punishment enough. I really don't mind punching him in the mouth though, the disrespectful little bastard.' Cal turned his head sideways towards Luke who seemed to be taunting him by opening his hands out in a beckoning gesture. I shook my head and he put his arm around me and we left the canteen. Rosie ran up behind us,
 'Hey Gretch, wait up.' Cal rolled his eyes and pulled out a cigarette as he leaned against a locker. 'Can we have a minute?' She snapped at him. 
He looked into my eyes and kissed me softly. 'I'll be outside.' 
I watched him leave longingly. 'Rose please don't be mad with us, we can't help it...' She shook her head. 'Listen to me. There are rumours. Bad rumours. You need to be careful. '
'Rumours? Started by Luke probably.' I said sadly.
'Its his family Gretchen. He wouldn't spread rumours about Cal, you know how much he values family. Despite the stunt Cal has pulled, Luke isn't like that.' she hugged me tightly. 'I love you Gretch, please be careful.' She turned and walked back to the canteen. 
My mind reeled. What rumours? Where had they started? I realised I knew nothing about Cal really, other than the fact when I was with him everything felt right. The rest of the day passed agonisingly slowly. When I left school Cal was waiting for me by the stairs. I walked over to him and he pulled me in, kissing me deeply. I apologised for keeping him waiting.
 ‘As I said earlier, you are worth waiting for.’ He breathed. My entire body screamed for him, his touch making me shiver. 'So, what we doing tonight?' I asked in between kisses. A smile played at his lips.
 'I have a few ideas....' I swatted his arm playfully. 
'We need to work on our presentation.....' I reminded him sternly. His arm circled my waist bringing me close enough to feel his hot breath on my face. 
'Ah yes, therapy. Come to mine now and we will work on our....presentation...'he laughed and I silenced him by kissing him. I felt giddy I was so happy. I know what Luke had said was hurtful but I also know Cal was right, he was hurting. I followed him to his car to find Luke sitting on the bonnet. 
'Get the fuck off my car.' growled Cal. Luke jumped down and stood squarely in front of Cal. 
'See I thought seeing as you was fucking my girlfriend I could sit on your piece of shit car,' he spat. I held Cal, feeling his body tense as he replied.
 'She’s not your girlfriend.'
 'Oh, but you ARE fucking her?' Luke pushed Cal and I begged him to stop,
 'Luke, please don't.' 
He continued as though I hadn't even spoke. I saw Cal’s eyes narrowing as he took a deep breath. 'I don't want to hurt you Luke.' He spoke through gritted teeth.
 Luke pushed him again.
 'No? You should've thought about that last night you slimy bastard.' 
He swung his fist out suddenly, connecting with Cal’s face with a crack. I shrieked and tried to drag Luke away. He threw me onto the floor. 'This is all your fucking fault. You could've said NO!' I fell back then, moving backwards as he towered over me, his eyes wide with rage. He turned back to Cal. ‘Did she tell you we kissed yesterday? Twice actually.’ He sneered. I saw confusion pass over Cal’s eyes as he registered what he said. I scrambled to my feet and stood close to Cal. 
‘That’s bullshit and you KNOW it Luke. You kissed me and I kissed you back out of habit, I stopped straight away. It was you that forced yourself on me the second time after I had said no.’ I started to cry, how had this happened?
Cal grabbed Luke then by the throat and held him down over his bonnet.
 'I asked you fucking nicely. She doesn't WANT you. She wants ME. She is MINE. Get that into your fucking skull. If you ever touch her in any way again, I will fucking kill you and no one will find you. Do you understand me?’ He spoke so calmly it frightened me. Luke’s hands pulled at Cal’s, as he was struggling to breathe.
 'Cal, let him go, let him go!' I shrieked, pulling at his arms.
 Cal threw him onto the bonnet. 'Get the fuck away from us. ' 
Luke sat up, gasping for breath. He stared at me in horror. 'You chose this? This fucking monster?' He slid off the bonnet and started to walk away. 'Oh and Luke,' called Cal, 'She's not frigid, not in the slightest,' he smirked as Luke’s face fell. 
'But you said, Gretch, you said.....' 
Cal stood in front of me. 'Get in the car. Now.’ His voice shook with anger as he guided my arm to the passenger door. 
Tears fell down my face. Cal’s eye had started to swell and blood trickled from his lip.
 'I'm ok,' he snapped as I put my hand to his face. 'So you kissed him?' He slammed his hand on the steering wheel, turning to face me. ‘He kissed you, and you fucking kissed him back? You are MINE.’ He roared. Tears fell down my face as I reached for him, despite my terror. ‘I did it because I am used to it! It's a shit reason but it is the truth. I felt NOTHING Cal, and I knew I was doing the right thing.’ 
He started the ignition and the car screeched away, causing me to fall into the side of the door. He looked at me in alarm and I held my hand up. ‘I’m ok…’
‘Don’t ever kiss anyone else, ever again. Those lips are mine, you belong to me.’ His voice was husky, my body felt alive with passion. I should have felt worried, scared or wary but all I felt was content. 
We drove to his house in silence. As we walked in we saw Alice at the kitchen table drinking a glass of white wine. 
'Cal! Honey what happened!' 
She barely glanced at me as I followed him in, exhausted from the day. I quickly sent a text to my mom, telling her I was studying with Cal and that I would be home later. It wasn't far from the truth, not really. Cal reassured his mom he was ok and he held his hand out to me. 'Gretchen is...not with Luke anymore' 
Alice gazed at him, her green eyes seeming to mirror his. 'Is that what this is? You had a fight with your cousin over Gretchen?' 
I put my head down in shame. Cal ran his hands through his hair. 'She is with me now.' 
His mother looked over at me. 'I see. Well if you are happy, I'm happy. But try not to cause any more trouble with your cousin. I'm sure he is hurting quite a bit losing a beautiful girl such as yourself Gretchen. '
I blushed as i smiled. 'Thank you Alice. Cal is...amazing.' she nodded as she saw the two of us exchange a look.
'But we really do have a project to work on. So we will go and do that now if that’s ok.’ Cal smiled and pulled my hand towards the stairs.
His mother sat back down and drained her glass of wine. ‘I hope that girl knows what she is doing. ' 
 
We walked into his room, and he pulled me over to the bed. I kissed him carefully, avoiding his split lip as best as I could.
 'I'm so sorry he hit you. '
 He licked his lip. 'It’s ok, you are worth it.' He stared at me as he ran his hands through my curls and down my body. He continued to kiss me, lying me down on his bed, his hair falling into my eyes. 'I really want you. All of you.....' I allowed myself to relax into his arms, unable to fight my bodies’ wishes anymore....
'Cal I haven't, I haven't done this before.' 
He stopped and stared at me. 'Really? You've never slept with anyone?' He was in total disbelief. I shook my head, biting my lip. His eyes moved to my mouth. He sat back and exhaled. 'I'm not going to make you do anything you don't want to do. I can always have a cold shower you know.' He smiled at me, then grimaced as his lip let out fresh blood. I leant forward and kissed him. 'I don't want to wait. I want to be with you in every way possible..' 
He pulled me onto his lap. 'I'm not gonna lie, I really find it difficult being with you and not being able to completely fuck you the way I want to.' I sucked in my breath and slid my top over my shoulders and onto the floor. 
'So do it then.' I breathed, terrified of what was about to happen, but at the same time feeling incredibly sure it was what I wanted. He was the most beautiful man inside and out, and not fucking him felt wrong. He gazed at me. 'You're perfect Gretchen, honestly to fucking god. I have never felt this way, ever. But there are some things you need to know about me.....' I raised my fingers to his mouth and said, ' This first. Therapy after yeah?' He laughed then, climbing onto the bed with me, kissing me so hard I could taste his blood in my mouth. 
CHAPTER 7
I felt like everyone would see there was something different about me. Did I look different? I certainly felt different. I felt like a woman. I'm so glad I didn't do it with anyone else. Cal was perfect, in every way. He took his time, continually asking me if I was ok throughout. I have never felt yearning like it before. I almost got angry with how slow he was making us go. But then he took it to a different level entirely, and I felt as though those final moments were out of this world. If I thought I wanted him before, it was nothing compared to the way I felt for him now. I leant on my side and smiled at him. 
'I don't suppose we can do more of that....' I whispered.
He looked over at me, his hair messy. 'Come here' he pulled me close to him. 'I fucking adore you.' 
I pulled the duvet close to my chin, snuggling closer to him.
'I don’t ever want to go home,' I murmured. I buried my face into his neck, inhaling the delicious smell of his aftershave. He sat up and looked down at me. 'Finish school first, then we will be together. Properly.' 
I gazed up at him. 'You serious?' 
'You make me want to be a better person Gretchen. You make me wish I could rewind my life and do things differently.' He rubbed his head and seemed to be lost in thought.
 'Rewind your life how?' I asked, my fingers trailing down his chest.
He sighed. 'I've done some unsavoury things babe. With some pretty nasty people. I would never want you to get involved with any of that, ever.' He seemed so angry, his jaw clenched as he thought. I felt scared, not of him, but of what he had done. I sat up, pulling the duvet around me for modesty, my dark curls spilling over my shoulder. ‘Do you wanna tell me about it?' He shook his head. 
'Not today. Today has been pretty strange as it is. But we just made it spectacular didn't we?' 
I blushed and held his gaze. 'Yeah we did....' I reached over and grabbed my phone out of my bag. I had a text from my mom asking me what time I was due home. I groaned and Cal looked at me with exasperation. 'What now?' 
'No it’s cool, just my mom wanting me home soon.'
He laced his fingers through mine. 'Until tomorrow then?' He whispered softly.
 I stood and dressed quickly, still feeling odd about him seeing me completely naked. He watched me, sliding my jeans back on. I stared at his tanned body and remembered my legs wrapped around it less than ten minutes earlier. He caught me staring.
 'Want me to walk you home like this or shall I get dressed fully?' 
He winked at me and I giggled. 'You might cause quite a stir walking around like that,'
He walked over to me and kissed me slowly. It felt different, more intense, more passion.
 'I really don't want you to go' he muttered. 'How long we got left of school?!' 
I met his gaze and I bit my lip. 'Don't keep biting those lips, Raven. It’s my job.' 
My heart thudded in my chest. 'You don't have to walk me home you know,' I said half-heartedly. He didn't respond other than to roll his eyes at me. We made our way downstairs and thankfully no one was in. I had an image of his mother glaring at me like she knew what we had done. To be fair, if anyone was in, surely they would have heard it? I smirked to myself. He held my hand and walked me home. He waited at the end of the drive until I blew him a kiss from the front door and closed it. I leaned against the door and breathed in the delicious smell of casserole. 
'Mmm something smells good' 
I dropped my bag down on the stairs and walked into the kitchen where my mom stood over the stove.
 'Hey stranger! I feel like I barely see you these days. Where have you been?' I was so nervous she would look at me and just KNOW. I shrugged. 'I have been with Cal, studying remember?’' she put down the spoon and looked over at me with interest.
 'So, this Cal...' She raised her eyebrows, clearly wanting me to elaborate. I couldn't stop smiling. 
'He's really nice mom, he’s new in town. They don't live far from us.' 
She nodded. 'I see. Does this Cal have anything to do with you falling out of love with Luke?' I stopped and stared at her. 
'Oh! Erm, maybe a little......' 
She wiped her hands on a towel and frowned at me. 'Are we going to get to meet Cal?' 
I rolled my eyes and headed towards the stairs. 'Yeah of course, not sure when though. I'm just going to shower.' I pulled my phone out and saw a text from Rosie. 
'The Rink, tomorrow night, girls ONLY.X'
 I texted her back happily. 'Yes, thank you. Just what I needed. Hope you are ok, lots to tell you....wink emoji' She immediately replied with a
 'OMG- you didn't!' 
I laughed and skipped into the bathroom to have a shower. 
Cal picked me up for school the next morning. I smiled at him as I saw his sexy self-leaning against his car waiting to see me. His face looked a bit better, swollen but not as bad as it was yesterday. I kissed him softly and he kissed me back urgently, his hands sliding into the back pockets of my jean pulling me closer to him.
 'Morning baby,' he whispered. We got into the car and I smiled. '
What you smiling about?' He asked me as he pulled away. 
'Nothing. You need your seatbelt on.' I warned. He laughed but made no move to put it on. We reached school and as I went to get out he put his hand on my arm. 'Baby I am not going in today. I've got some things to take care of. I will pick you up after and take you home. Will you be ok in there?' His eyes searched mine.
 'Cal you can't keep skipping school.......' he rolled his eyes. 'Listen beautiful. You don't need to worry about me, just focus on yourself.' I glared at him. 'But what are you going to do when it’s time to find a job Cal? You need to pass......' 
He looked at me seriously. ‘Are we having our first argument?'
 I smiled then. 'Maybe.' I kissed him intensely and then dragged myself to class as he watched me appreciatively.  
 
I put my arm through Rosie’s.
 'You seem very happy indeed,' she winked at me. 'How do you feel?' 
I leant back and pouted. 'Like a woman?!'
 She laughed. 'So, where is he today?' I bit my lip. 'He has some things to take care of....' 
Rosie rolled her eyes. 'He's cutting school again? Attractive.' I nodded sadly. 'I know, its shitty. But you can’t help who you fall in love with.' 
She turned her head and looked at me. 'Love?’ Her mouth agape.
I stopped at my class, cheeks burning as I giggled. Rosie looked past me and mouthed 'turn around’ before walking away to her class.
 I turned around to see Luke walking towards me, followed by Finn. Finn ran past to catch up with Rosie and I braced myself for more verbal abuse from Luke. 
'Hey.' He stuffed his hands in his pockets. I stood waiting for him to speak. 'I need to talk to you. It’s not about us or anything like that.' he added quickly.
 I folded my arms.
 'Right. So go.' 
He fixed his blue eyes on mine. 'Not here. After class, meet me near the bleachers. Please?' I walked past him into class muttering that I would meet him after class. He smiled to himself and walked away. 
The bell rang and I checked my phone. Nothing from Cal. I texted Rosie to tell her I was going to meet Luke- and that he wanted to talk. She wished me luck. I pushed through the doors and headed to the bleachers. I saw a couple kissing pretty heavily, and I tried not to stand too close to them. Where the fuck was he? I checked my phone and then sighed. The couple to my right broke apart and I saw it was Krystal. I rolled my eyes. I was just pleased she had moved on. Krystal smirked as she walked away and I saw the other half of the couple kissing. It was Luke. I felt like I had been punched in the stomach.
 'Krystal? Really Luke?'
 He wiped his mouth and smiled at me. 'Sorry princess, didn't see you there. '
 I folded my arms and stared at him. 'What did you want to tell me?' He flicked his black hair out of his eyes and leant back against the bleachers.
 'You can come closer, I won't bite. Unless you want me to.’ He winked and I stared at him in fury.  I walked closer to him and stood in front of him, my hands on my hips. I didn’t have time for his fucking games. 
 'What? What did you want to tell me?' 
He moved his eyes from my lips down to my chest. 
'Did you really fuck him G?'
 I blinked, caught off guard. 
'What?! It has absolutely nothing to do with you.’ I was seething. He did a low whistle.
 'You really did. Wow.' He looked over the field as I furiously wondered who had told him.
 Rosie? Surely not? He looked back at me and said coldly 'So what, I wait a YEAR and he waits a DAY?' 
We stared at each other in anger. Finally I spoke. 'Is that what you wanted to talk about?' I said coolly.
 'No actually it’s not.' He cleared his throat. I waited. 
'Has Cal told you anything about himself? Anything you might not have liked princess? Or do you not talk?' he said the last part bitterly. I felt my heart go out to him then. 'I'm really sorry Luke, I can't help how I feel.' 
He nodded. 'Yeah I know. So did you know why Cal moved here?' I didn't want to hear this from Luke, of all of the people. 'Luke don't you think Cal should tell me?' He laughed. 'Absolutely. He should have told you by now. The thing is, he’s family. So you will hear it from me, and no one else because no one else will know. If he thought anything of you, he would've told you that you could be in danger.' He fixed his eyes on me at that point. 'I actually care about you. I didn't think for one second you would have left me to be with him, so it would have remained a secret. But you did, so now you need to know.' I frowned as I watched him kick the floor with his foot. 'He took part in a robbery. They got away with a fuck load of money and jewellery. There was a girl there. She ended up in hospital.' I couldn't breathe. 'The problem was, she was the daughter of a very important gangster in New York. Cal got arrested, sure. But then there was money on his head, and all his family.' I blinked furiously as I stared at Luke. 'They want to kill him?' He looked at me his eyes flashing in annoyance. 'He is a bad fucking person Gretchen. His family had to go into witness protection and move here. He isn't even Cal fucking Fallon.' 
CHAPTER 8
My head was spinning. This was serious. I was a seventeen year old girl in love with a criminal. I scolded myself immediately, criminal according to Luke, who had many reasons to lie to me. I had a sinking feeling he wasn’t though. My phone flashed on my desk. I picked it up. 'Hey,' 
Cal spoke. 'Where are you?' 
'I am just getting ready to go to The Rink with the girls...' He went silent on the other end. 'Can you pick me up after?' I asked sweetly. 
'Yeah. Text me.' Just like that he hung up. I stared at the phone in my hand. He didn’t sound overly happy that I was going out, I am not entirely sure how I knew that, it was just the impression I got. I sighed, as I packed my skates in my bag. I skipped downstairs and out to Sienna’s car. She had a gorgeous Fiat 500 in mint green, I loved it. I really needed to learn to drive, every time I saw Sienna I was reminded of the fact.
 'Hey girls!' I climbed into the back and smiled.
 'Hey yourself' said Rosie as she climbed back into the car after letting me get in. She turned around to face me and we chatted aimlessly on the way to The Rink when I got a text on my phone. 
'I hope you are ok. I do care about you. Luke' I felt gripped with anxiety briefly. I hadn’t told anyone what he had told me, even Cal. 
 'Who’s that?' asked Rosie as Sienna swung the car into the vacant space in the lot. 
'Luke.' I replied, my head pounding.
They exchanged a look. 'Everything ok? More hot guys fighting over you?’' Rosie giggled. 
Sienna nudged her. 'Yeah but this is a good sign right?' I know she would just want us all to be friends, especially as I was her best friend and Luke was Ethan’s. It just made it simpler. I felt bad for fucking up the dynamics of our friendship, but I was starting to care less and less the more secrets that came to the surface. 
I shook my head. 'I don't really want to talk about it guys. Let’s skate!' 
We walked into the stadium and joined the queue to pay for the skate only fee, whilst the other long line had people without skates queuing. I paid up and went and sat down on the bleachers by the rink. I started to lace my skates up whilst I listened to the beat of the music. The ice glistened in front of me and I couldn't wait to slice through it with my recently sharpened skates.  I hugged my coat closer to me as Rosie came up dancing next to me. Finally we were allowed on the ice. I loved the feeling of the wind in my hair as I picked up speed, making patterns with my skates. Rosie slid next to me and we held hands, skating to the music in silence. After a while we made our way to the bar and ordered a hot cocoa each. Rosie smiled at me. 'Feeling better?' 
I nodded gratefully. 'Yeah I really needed this. It clears the mind.' 
I frowned. 'Where is Sienna?' 
Rosie sipped her hot cocoa and glanced around. 'Oh god, she is with Ethan, I said girls only! Did she miss the memo?!' 
My heart sank as I turned around to see Ethan, Luke and Finn laughing with Sienna on the rink.
 'Shit Gretch, I'm sorry. I honestly didn't know he would be here.' Rosie’s face fell and I knew she was genuine.
'I just don't want to spend my evening with my ex of 3 days, I really don't.' Rosie laced her arm through mine and we walked under the DJ booth to where some booths were well hidden from view. 
'I think we will be quite safe in here,' she smiled, glancing at the ice.
 'I am so sorry Rosie. I have dragged you into this mess with me.' I sniffled sadly. 
She grabbed my arm. 'Hey! What are best friends for? I LOVE you Gretchen, I really do. If this is what feels right for you then I've got your back. But, if it doesn't work out then know that I will still be here too, ok?' 
My eyes shone with appreciation as I grabbed her hand back. 'I know. ' 
Suddenly we were joined at the table by Sienna and Ethan. 
'Where did you guys go, we couldn't find you hiding under here,' Sienna sat down next to Rosie meaning Ethan sat next to me. I glanced around awkwardly and Ethan nudged me.
 'Hey listen, it’s cool. Your problem with your life is just that- yours. I am not getting involved.' He smiled at me and I thanked him for being so awesome. We all sat and chatted for a while until Finn and Luke wandered over. Rosie rubbed her leg against mine under the table in what I could only imagine was empathy- she had after all, promised a girls night out, and this felt like I was back in school again. I asked Ethan if I could squeeze past him and I told the girls I was tired and needed to go. 
'That’s a shit excuse.' Finn said drily. 'Fuck off Finn, it’s got nothing to do with you.' I hissed. He totally ignored me and sat down next to Ethan. I don’t get him sometimes. He sat and told us all how much better it was being single, how we would never work out. Now he was Mr Morals? I wondered how many times he had fucked someone’s relationship up. I walked away and got my phone out, ready to ask Cal to come and get me.  I typed in a text then started to unlace my skates. This was a fucking ridiculous situation. I wondered if it would ever get easier. I glanced up and saw Luke skating on the ice backwards chatting to a girl I didn't recognise. She laughed and smiled at him as she wobbled on her skates, him holding his hands out for her to hold onto. I yanked my skates off and started lacing my trainers when Cal texted me to say he was almost there. I stood up and walked down the stairs when suddenly I was sprayed with ice from head to toe. I gasped with the cold and wiped myself down. I looked up and saw Luke hold his hands up apologetically. 'Sorry, didn't see you there.' 
I glared at him and muttered 'prick' as he skated away. I left the stadium and saw Cal’s car. I made my way over to it and saw his beautiful face staring at his phone intently. I opened the door and he gave me a once over. 'Do you even know how to ice skate?!' 
I exhaled and closed my eyes, throwing my skates into the back seat. 'Yes, I know how to ice skate. No I didn't know Luke was going to be there with his friends and no, I didn't know he was going to spray me head to toe just before I left. ‘He stared at me, his jaw tight.
 'Fucking dick. Let’s go to mine, no one is home and you clearly need a hot shower and fresh clothes...' He smiled mischievously. I stared ahead, so many thoughts going on in my head. Why did it feel like in order to be happy, I had to sacrifice so much? ‘'That’s a good idea, but I need to be home at some point tonight. My mom is getting suspicious that she's not seeing me much lately.' I answered, holding my head as I leant against the window. I wondered why he hadn't started the engine. 'Luke spoke to me today.' I hadn't intended for it to come out that way, but it did.
 'Did he now.' Cal said coldly. 
'He brought me up to speed with you.' I heard Cal take a sharp intake of breath.
 'How much up to speed, Raven?' I turned to face him. 'To the point that you aren't really called Cal.' He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the seat. 'Argh, he really is a fucking dead man.’
'You fucking need to explain yourself to me.' I shouted, the past couple of days coming to a head. I was losing my tolerance.
'It’s complicated.' His voice was quiet and non-confrontational. 
We faced each other in the car, my arms crossed. 
'So who are you, really?' 
'I can't tell you that,' he said, 'Please understand, I can't tell you a great deal other than I really fucked up. I tried to tell you the other night...' 
He trailed off as he saw Luke coming out of the stadium, arms around the girl he was skating with earlier. The hatred in his eyes scared me. 'I want to go and kill that bastard for ever having you. Do you know what it does to me every time I see him? I hate him. Now he has told you something I couldn't even have told you, and it was mine to tell.' 
'Cal, whoever the fuck you are, you have to tell me what you did. I need to know who I am falling in love with.' He turned to me then. 'You're falling in love with me? It’s been three days....' 
'Yep tell me about it. I spend a year with someone who I don't sleep with, or fall in love with. I spend three days with a stranger and I do both.'  
He stroked my face and I closed my eyes and breathed in his smell. 'I don't want to hurt you.' he whispered.
 'Then don't.' I said. 
He sighed and glanced around. 'When I was a kid I just wanted to be rich. I spent my days researching rich people, what did they do to get to where they were.’ I listened, afraid to interrupt. 'Some were bankers, most were famous and some invented things. I didn't want to be rich from inheritance, I wanted to earn my money, myself. When I went to school I made out I didn't have much money. I smoked pot, I stole and lied. My parents didn't know what to do. They tried moving me schools, but I still ended up with the crowd I felt that I identified with. The ones that were cool, but for the wrong reasons. Anyway, there was a girl at our school. She was rich, arrived to school with her driver, designer clothes and bags. Her pops was stupidly loaded.' He closed his eyes. 'Someone suggested we rob her house. It was researched, all I can tell you is that I did what I was told to do. I was fifteen.' I slid my fingers into his hand and held it tightly. 'We broke in. All I had to do was throw the loot onto the ground. Easy. Except the girl was home.' My heart raced.
 'She was fifteen,' his eyes looked sad. 'I promise you I had no part in what happened to her. But I didn't try to stop it either. I was a coward. I was there with boys of my age and up, the oldest was a man in his forties.' He leaned his head back and I saw the pain in his eyes. 'They left her for dead. I just ran, and I didn't look back.' I felt like I had been holding my breath. I squeezed his hand tightly. 
'So what happened?' 
He cleared his throat. 'Well, she survived. Only just. Turns out her dad was rich very illegally as well as legally. He had his fingers in all the pies. We were all caught. There was six of us in total. Four are now dead.' He smiled sadly. 'So I got a hefty fine, which my family paid, and we moved here under witness protection. I have no idea how long I will be here though, her father won't let me get away with it.' 
I sat absorbing the information, my ears ringing. 
'But you didn't hurt his daughter,' I stated as he shook his head, 
'No I didn't. But I didn't stop them did I? That’s as good as doing it- in his eyes, I know that much.' His voice was so soft I barely heard the last part. 'Look, I understand if you want to leave us, where we are. I don't want you to get hurt. If they find me, which I think they may do, I don't want them coming for you. You mean too much, and I couldn't protect you, no matter how much I would try.' 
I reached for him. 'I won't lie to you I'm fucking terrified. But I meant what I said, I really am falling for you. I can't be without you,’ I meant it. It seemed that his life was at risk, which made mine at risk too. But could I really break off with him and carry on like he didn’t ever exist? What is something did happen to him? I shuddered at the thought. 
He kissed my head. 'Now you see why school doesn't matter overly to me,' his attempt at humour fell short. ‘Just focusing on surviving currently.’ His eyes were full of anger and sadness.
 'Can we go somewhere, anywhere where no one will know us?' I asked him, not thinking of anyone or anything else. He started the car and pulled away. We drove in silence for a while as he pulled onto the freeway, pulling in to the second motel we passed.
 'What was wrong with the first one?!' I yawned.
 'Nothing. But I won't ever use the first one we get to.' He turned the engine off, pulled some cash from his pocket and pushed it into my hands. 'Go get us a room, Theodora,' 
He grinned at me as I walked up to the little door and pushed it forwards. A bell rang somewhere as I walked into the reception. A bored looking man sat playing on his phone. He barely glanced at me. 'Yes?' His voice sounded scratchy, like he needed to clear his throat like, yesterday.
 'Uh, I need a room?' 
'Fifty bucks. Seventy if you want Wi-Fi.' I handed the cash over and he handed me the key, no questions asked. Was it really that easy to rent a room?! I came out with a chunky keyring with a key attached to it. Cal read the number and held my hand as he led the way to our new home for the night. The room seemed basic, a bed in the middle and a small tv set on a stand at the end of the bed. The bathroom was at the other end. 
'Well I don't think it’s too bad,' I commented as I slung my bag on the bed. Cal stood against the door and watched me. He looked like he was a million miles away. I put my hand out for him to come over to me and he slowly walked towards me, shrugging off his jacket as he did. His eye was turning slightly yellow and didn't look as bad as it did yesterday. I moved his hair out of his eyes as he turned to look at me. My heart felt full of love for this boy. He had been through so much.
 'I meant what I said Raven. You don't need a part in any of this.' His voice was gruff and his eyes full of sadness. I felt a lump in my throat as I stroked his face.
 'I know that.....but I can't imagine myself not being with you,' I swallowed as he held my face in his hands. '
You could go back to your life, living the American dream babe. You will always be mine though.' He smiled sadly, his hand on my thigh.
 'Cal. Ever since the minute I met you I knew I would have to have you in my life in any capacity....I literally don't know how I existed before you.' 
He kissed me then, holding my face with both hands. 
'I really didn't want to fall in love with you, you know.' he murmured. I held my breath as he rested his forehead against mine. 'But fuck it.’ his green eyes stared into mine.  
We fell onto the bed, legs tangled together as our mouths searched each other urgently. It felt as though there was no world other than the one we existed in, right at that moment. He lifted his t shirt off revealing his tanned torso. I pulled my vest off, my hair covering my face as I did so. He reached behind me and unclipped my bra with ease, my breasts revealed to his delight. I laid back on the bed as he leant down, kissing my stomach and causing me to squeal with laughter. 
'Really?' 
He smiled and slid his fingers under my jeans and underwear, pulling them down and throwing them on the floor. My breathing deepened as he stood and loosened the buckle on his belt, tugging it open to get to his jeans. He dropped them and I stared at his body in awe. He climbed back on the bed and kissed me softly, and I felt myself responding hungrily. This was only my second time with him and I didn't feel any nerves this time. I wanted him so much it felt like it was a psychical yearning. He was so careful, checking I was ok throughout, kissing me and taking his time. The pleasure was intense. He held me after, his fingers stroking my arm. 'That was amazing, wasn't it?' I asked, reaching for my vest and underwear. 
He sat up, reaching for his cigarettes. 'I would struggle to label it, it was fucking delicious. You are fucking delicious.' His eyes wandered over me as I dressed. He leant back and watched me. I sat facing him and smiled. 'Do you feel ok?' He asked, as he did last time. He seems to be scared of hurting me. I nodded happily. I yawned and crept into bed next to him, my body curled against his, my eyes fighting sleep just to look at him. He put the cigarettes back on the bedside table and laid next to me.
 'Get some sleep beautiful.' He kissed my eyelids softly, and I fell asleep to the sound of his breathing. 
CHAPTER 9
I knew I would be grounded. In fact I thought I would be murdered, so grounded was an improvement. I was seventeen, and after going out with friends and not got in touch ALL NIGHT. Of course, I could have sent a text. I was so wrapped up in Cal I didn't think of my parents, and I was in serious shit. I was sat in the lounge with my parents standing in front of me, talking about me as though I didn't exist.
'She is changing, Ted. Trust me, I was her age once. This is NOT a good sign.' My mother looked at me, worry creasing her beautiful face. 'Staying out all night, without thinking to tell us where she was? She barely sees her friends- there’s some new boy called Cal she is hanging around with-.'
'Leave Cal out of it.' I said angrily. 
My father raised his eyebrows at me. 'Don't you understand how scared we were? We didn't know if something had happened to you. We woke up this morning to see your bed empty, all your things gone. Then you walk in in the clothes you wore yesterday?' His voice was full of hurt. 'What’s happening Gretchen?' 
'You wouldn't understand,' I whispered as my mother folded her arms. She narrowed her eyes as she said, 'Actually I think I might. Luke came over last night to see you.'
 I looked up in shock. 'What?' 
'He is worried about you. So are we, Gretchen. Luke said this boy is his cousin. He said he was expelled from his last school for fighting and that he skips school regularly.' She swore under her breath, her hand on her head. 
My father’s mouth opened and closed as he stared at me. 'Good God Gretchen, I absolutely forbid you to see him anymore. What were you thinking?!' I started to cry then, huge sobs racking my body.
'Go to your room Gretchen, you are grounded. Completely. Until you are out of college.' He shouted, walking away from us. My mother was clearly furious. I grabbed my bag and ran up the stairs to my room, my chest heaving with the thought of not seeing Cal anymore. I had to calm down, I just couldn’t. I felt like I was having a panic attack. Why was Luke doing this to us? I know he is hurting but he had his tongue down Krystal’s throat earlier, and not to mention the girl at the rink.
My door opened and my father stood with disappointment etched on his face. 'Give me your phone and your laptop. I will not have you communicating with him. We will take you to school and drop you off from now on. The only way you could see him would be at school, and by the sounds of that, he doesn't go.' He shook his head in disbelief. 'This is for your own good.'
 I threw myself onto my bed in floods of tears as my father disconnected my laptop and left my room quietly. How was I going to cope?
Cal
So it had begun. A letter address to Mr C Fallon reached me today.   I stared out of my window into the street. I felt fury rising within me and I punched the wall, hot white pain shooting up my arm. 'FUCK!'  I heard the door open behind me. 'Dude? What’s wrong?' I turned to see Drake. 'As usual, fucking everything.' I threw the letter at him. He unfolded his arms and read it quietly. 'His eyes burned into mine. 'We left you to it. You needed to try and live a normal life...but your cousins girl wasn't really the best idea, knowing what he knows about you.' He attempted to smile then, but it faded quickly. He closed the door behind him and walked over to me. 'I love you, even though you've fucked up, quite a lot actually over the years. You know what i think?' I closed my eyes, not wanting to hear what he had to say. 'Mom and dad like it here. They've been through so much.'  His voice went quiet. ' I think we should leave. You and me.' I whirled around to him. 'What?' Drake’s eyes fixed on mine. 'Yeah. You heard me. Leave. I'll come with you. Fuck school. Fuck the girl, if you care about her then this is the best thing you can do for her. If anyone finds out you care for her, she is as good as dead anyway.' I felt sick. How had all my shitty decisions lead me to someone so fucking incredible, yet I couldn't be with her? 'I can't leave her Drake. I've ruined her fucking life. She will be alone if I am not here.'  Drake sighed and looked at the letter in his hand. 'You don't seem to have much choice.' 
CHAPTER 10
My parents had cooled down after a few days and agreed I could have my phone back, but I was still grounded. I was sat in my room scrolling through Facebook idly, catching up on the events I had missed in such a short space of time. I hadn't heard from Cal, but I didn't know if that was because my parents had been particularly extreme and blocked him on my phone, or whether he had simply tried not to contact me. I pushed the thought out of my mind and decided to dress for school. I literally couldn't wait to see Cal, I hoped that he would be at school today, purely to see me. I swept my curls into a clip and slid on a blue t shirt and jeans. I looked in the mirror, relieved to see my eyes weren't so swollen from crying anymore. I remembered Cal preferring my hair down so I took the clip out, letting the curls fall. My phone pinged and I grabbed it, feeling my heart sink a little when I saw it was from Rosie. 
'Can we talk today? Miss you.' 
I typed back, 'Sure, see you soon.' reply and grabbed my bag. 
My mom was waiting for me at the kitchen table, car keys in hand. 'Ready?' She asked, her eyes narrowed at me. She was still angry, purely because I had worried her so much. I tried to understand but whenever I thought of that night with Cal I realised it was so worth it. She stood, her blue eyes piercing into mine. 'Keep away from Cal, for your own good. I can't force you, but I am trying to help you. Now get in the car please.'
 I nodded and sighed, this was so hard. I couldn’t keep away from him if I tried. Nothing compared to him, ever. I just would have to not be so vocal about him at home. We left the house and my eyes searched the road, just in case Cal was waiting for me. I felt disappointment that he wasn't there, and slouched into the passenger seat of my mom’s car. We drove in silence, and she dropped me off right outside.
 'I will pick you up after school.' I tried to speak then, 'Mom I -' 
'No, Gretchen. You don't get to say anything about this. Until you learn how to behave like an adult, you will be treated like one.' She leant over me and opened the car door, signalling for me to get out. I climbed out and watched her drive away. Jeez. She was really pissed. I don’t get it- I’m safe. It clearly didn’t matter, this was clearly her way of dealing with it. I followed the throng of people making their way painfully slowly to school and I found myself searching for a familiar face. Eventually I saw Sienna leaning on her car, wrapped in a winter coat. She spotted me and began waving frantically. I walked over to her and she held her arms out. 'Hey, are you ok? I texted you, called you, no reply? Was you with lover boy?' Her eyes rolled as she spoke, her arm linking with mine as we walked into school.
 'Its complicated, I am sorry I didn't get back to you. My dad took my phone from me...' 
I unhooked my black leather bag from my shoulder and dropped it at my feet whilst I opened my locker. I was stopped by the sound of a basketball being bounced loudly in the hallway, to hollers from the guys who were attempting to actually play the game in between throngs of people. 
'No shit, why?!' She exclaimed, her eyes wide.
I pulled my books out and slammed my locker shut and turned to face her,
 'Oh Si. I spent the night with Cal and I didn't tell my parents...' 
She made a face and held her hands out, 'Ok, who are you and what have you done with Gretchen? You're a real rebel now!' She said this proudly but her face changed when she saw the sadness in my eyes.
 'Then Luke went to my house, I wasn't there.....' I sighed as we walked forwards, trying to avoid the basketball that was still being tossed about. 
Her eyes flashed as she threw her hair over her shoulder. 'What the fuck did Luke go to your house for?!' She furrowed her brow, as confused as I was about the whole situation. 
‘I know right? I saw him the other day with Krystal, and then he was with some random at The Rink….’
She shook her head. ‘Well I mean, there's moving on, and then there's that.  So why turn up at yours?’ She slipped a gum into her mouth and offered me one.
I took it, popping it into my mouth. We started walking through the crowds, the different voices and sounds dulling our conversation. 'To see me, but I wasn't there. So he told my parents Cal was a waster, pretty much. Then I didn't come back home....' I shrugged, as she pieced together the rest in her head. 
'Oh no.....So they took your phone away?' I nodded as we found ourselves in the Psychology Class.
 'I can't see him anymore, and I'm grounded for life.' My eyes threatened to fill with tears again as she squeezed my arm. 
‘This is horrendous Gretchen. Listen, we will talk more after class, yeah?' Sienna nodded at me sadly and made her way to her seat. 
My eyes swept over the empty seats behind mine and felt a pang in my chest. I noticed Luke walking in, his hair clearly still wet from the shower. He saw me and avoided my furious glare, sliding into his seat and joking with Finn. Finn glanced at me and gave a half smile, which I coolly ignored and stared out of the window. I hope Luke didn’t expect me to speak to him. I wanted to poke his eyes out with my nails. He looked relaxed and happy, not like someone who was actively ruining two lives. 
Cal didn't show that day. Or the next, or the one after that. Against my parents strict orders I texted him. He didn't reply. My heart felt like it was being crushed. I was sat in the library with my feet curled under me, reading my favourite book. Whenever I felt stressed reading always soothed my soul. The rain lashed on the windows, the sky dark and foreboding. I shivered and pulled my hoody around me tighter for the extra warmth. I flipped my hair over to the side parting and leant back, trying to get back to the book. Pretty soon I was absorbed and didn't realise how much time had passed when the bell rang. I sat up to gather my things, dropping my book in the process. I leant down to pick it up when I saw someone else’s fingers beat me to it. I looked up in surprise to see Luke. He handed me the book whilst I marvelled at his audacity. I snatched it from him, pushing it deep into my bag. He looked at his feet, hands in his pockets. 'I know you hate me Gretch,' he put his hands up, his eyes wide and genuine. 'But I need to explain....I did that for you, not for me.' 
I swung my legs down and stood to face him. 'Is that right?' I spat. 'Well thank you but I'd much rather you hadn't had bothered.' I was tired of apologising to Luke, taking his name calling and now this. I moved to go past him when he grabbed my wrist. 'Wait,' he begged. I pulled my arm from his like I had been burned and turned to face him.
 'No I will NOT Luke. Don't ever think you have done anything for me. I never want to speak to you again.' I saw the hurt in his eyes as I span on my heel and stormed away. My eyes were blurry and filled with tears as I made my way out of the school, heading for my mother’s car which was waiting in the pouring rain. I slammed the door behind me as I climbed in, tears spilling down my face. My mom looked at me with concern. 
'Baby? What's happened?' she attempted to move my hair out of my eyes, and I moved away. She drew her hand back slowly as I shook my head and stared out of the window. She REALLY didn’t get it did she? My life was falling apart in front of my eyes and all she can do is ask what had happened? How could I say, well hey Mom, I am in love with a felon who I stayed out all night fucking, and for some reason you won’t let me see him and now my ex is making my life as hard as possible. Oh and now I haven’t heard from Cal in fucking DAYS.  My tears fell as I stared stubbornly out the window, refusing to communicate with my mom.
Time passed and I struggled to function. I was going to school, avoiding everyone, coming home and crying, sleeping then repeating the pattern. I hadn't heard from Cal, and I was worried something had happened to him. He would never just leave me, not without explaining it to me first. My mind was in overdrive, my thoughts meshing together and causing a chaos I couldn't even begin to make sense of. My parents were happy though, I heard them laughing at ridiculously mundane tv shows and living their life. Together. I felt empty inside, but I was powerless. The only options I had was to break more rules and go and see Cal at his house, or sit and wallow in my self-pity. I lay in the darkness, listening to the silence. My phone pinged and instead of leaping up like I had been, I ignored it, slipping the volume key to silent. I didn't want to speak to anyone. Without Cal in my life I didn't feel I could exist successfully. I remembered his arms around me and felt my heart break with longing, his soft lips on mine, his striking eyes. His fingers as they laced with mine as we lay in bed, in a world that was totally our own. The pain I felt pretty much every day was becoming so familiar I felt like I had to do something. I heard a knock at my door and I turned on my side, refusing to acknowledge it. I was so angry and hurt, this hadn't eased for me at all. I heard the door open softly and I felt the bed go down as someone put weight on it. 
'Gretchen.' 
My father’s voice caused a fresh lot of tears to fall down my cheeks. 'Gretchen, you need to look at me honey.' 
His voice was soft and calm as I shook my head. Didn't he know the damage was done? My father sighed and I heard him sip from his glass of wine. There was silence between us until he spoke again.
 'The day you were born was the happiest day of my life. I didn't think I could've loved anyone like I loved your mother, until I met you.' I closed my eyes. 'You always have amazed me. I watched you learn to walk, to talk, to laugh. I love the person you have become. You are intelligent, beautiful and usually, very sensible.' He chuckled at this part. 'When you didn't come home the other night, when we couldn't reach you...I haven't ever felt fear like it. Then Luke came over and told us about this boy you were seeing and I actually hoped you WERE with him.' I opened my eyes in surprise. 'The thought of you being with someone who cared about you was a damn sight better than those I was imagining.' His voice broke a little then and I sat up. He looked over at me, his eyes wet. 'Your mother and I didn't sleep at all that night. I wanted to call the police but your mother knew it had something to do with this boy.' He shook his head. 'Mothers are always right you know,' He said softly. I stared at my hands. 'So anyway Gretchen. We were so worried. I'm sorry you feel so sad, it kills me seeing you this way. I don't want you anywhere near someone who could hurt you.' 
My head snapped up at this. 'Cal cares about me Dad, he really does. He would never hurt me. I love him Dad.' He nodded sadly. 'I thought as much. If that’s the case, nothing or no one will keep you apart. So, you have a curfew young lady, but you aren't grounded anymore. One red flag and you are back to grounded. If your grades slide, it stops. Am I clear?’ 
 I threw my arms around him. 'Thankyou Dad.' Immediately I wanted to run to Cal’s house, in my pjs, barefooted. I needed him so much I felt like I was slowly dying inside.
He patted my arm and kissed my head. 'Please Gretchen, don't ever do that to us again.' 
I squeezed him and nodded. 'I won't.' 
I wouldn't. 
 
CHAPTER 11
That winter was the longest I had ever known. They say absence makes the heart grow fonder, but they also say time heals all wounds. I am not entirely sure which applies to me just yet; if any. I am trying to move forward, but it feels like I am doing it with a rock attached to my back. My dreams are so vivid, so painfully real- bringing intense joy and comfort- only to be shattered upon waking.  I sometimes think I see him in crowds of people- I have since read though that this is a form of a coping mechanism, the brain giving us comfort in a time of extreme grief or sadness. 
Because that is what this feels like, like he has died.  
I walk past his house every day, which is always empty. No sign of life, but no for sale sign either. I've knocked on, peered through windows. I've sat on the porch and sobbed like a mad woman but still, nothing. How could he just leave me? I can only imagine he had no choice, and that terrifies me. 
I have found it easier these last few months, I have started skating again, I read more, and I spend a lot of time in my room. I recently got accepted to the college I wanted- I should have been elated, my parents certainly were. Nothing held any excitement for me now. I know it sounds maudlin but I have never felt like I did when I was with Cal. The end of the school year loomed which inevitability brought prom. I had decided I was not going to go. The last time there was a dance was the happiest day of my life- how could I put myself through that again? I had promised to go dress shopping with Rosie and Sienna though, I was so happy for them. So this is where I found myself, in the mall waiting by the doors impatiently. I watched an elderly couple laughing together as they walked past me, a private joke only they would understand. The familiar pang in my chest came and I breathed deeply. The one good thing about my new college was its location- it wasn't anywhere near Winterburg and I didn't know anyone who was majoring in Psychology there like I was. I notice Rosie walking towards me, drawing approving glances from a group of guys from the year below us as they called out to her. Her slender frame was encased by jeans that look like they had been sprayed on, with a cropped long sleeved shirt- her skin glowed and her eyes shone.  She laughed and came up to me, bringing me into a big hug.
 'Hey girl! How are you?! I can't wait to pick my dress! Thank you so much for being here with me, I know it must be really hard for you. ' She stuck her bottom lip out in an attempt at humour to lighten the mood.
I plastered a fake smile on for her, taking her arm as I said, 
'Do you have a colour theme?' 
We linked arms as we walked in to the mall, the stores all showcasing the most beautiful dresses in the windows. 
'Yes and no. I was thinking like, gold? Or maybe red? Like a dark red, obviously.' 
She wandered over to look at a dress and I spotted Sienna in the distance. 
'Sorry I am late,' She said breathlessly. 'How are you Gretchen? I’m so glad you are here today. I need a green dress. Emerald green.' I held my hands up, laughing.
 'Ok, let’s go and see if we can get you both ready for the ball!' 
Sienna regarded me sadly.
 'I can't believe you aren't coming Gretchen. So many boys would have taken you!' 
I shook my head. 'Si, really this isn’t as big of thing for me as it is for you so honestly, please don't worry about me...' I tried not to think about what I would be doing if Cal was here. He would've took me to prom, for sure. I would be picking my dress too. We walked into Camille, one of the larger dress shops. 
'So what’s with the green theme Sienna?' I cleared my throat, desperate to change the subject. 
I noticed Rosie texting on her phone, and tried to sneak a peek. She clutched the phone to her chest and giggled. 
'Nope, you are not seeing who I am texting.'
 I shrugged and walked around, my fingers touching the different fabrics, the embellishments shimmering under the store lights. I turned to see the girls gasping over a deep crimson dress, in a mermaid off the shoulder with split front style. Rosie selected her size and I walked with her to the changing rooms to try it on.
 'Omg it is so tight Gretch,' I heard her cursing as she wriggled around. 'Almost got it!' 
She pulled back the curtain a few minutes later and I gawped at her. 'Shit Rosie....'
'How is it possible that this is THE dress?! The FIRST one I have tried on?!' 
She twirled around and I clapped my hands. 'You look absolutely amazing, I bet your secret date will feel like the luckiest man in the world!' 
She laughed as she fixed a diamond choker around her slender throat. She was beaming, she clearly knew how good she looked. 
'I am sure he will. Stop fishing, its tradition in my family that we NEVER share out dates name until the actual prom. Even to my bestie.' She gave me a puppy dog smile that made me laugh. 
I felt a pang of regret that I wouldn't be doing this tonight, but I know there would be no way I could. Rosie went back to get changed and as I came out Sienna passed me in a flurry of green. I sat in the plush red armchair reserved for people giving their verdicts on the dresses, pulling my phone out to see an empty screen. I slid my phone away and smiled as Sienna came out in the first of what would be many dresses. 
A few hours later we sat in 'Guilty Pleasures' finishing our delicious ice cream, a comfortable silence between us. We had gossiped about who was going with who to the prom, the latest scandal being that Luke was taking Krystal. It didn't matter to me at all, being with Luke felt like a lifetime ago.  The girls hugged me goodbye as they headed off for their hair and makeup appointments. I gulped down tears as they hugged me tightly. 
'Ah group hug!' cried Sienna. 
'I feel like such a shit friend,' sobbed Rosie as she pulled away. 'How can you not be coming to prom....' I wiped her eyes and squeezed her hands. 
'This is my decision ok, don't you dare let this ruin your night. You will be making memories that you will remember forever! But will you do me a favour? Can you PLEASE text me the name of your date?!' I had a lump in my throat as I said it. 
Sienna rolled her eyes and started reeling off names of potential dates to which Rosie ignored.
 'Yes, of course. It’s just a silly family tradition....' She blushed. 
We said our goodbyes and I walked back to the car park, slipping my earphones into the socket of the phone to play my latest mix. I walked down the stairs, not looking where I was going in particular. I came out onto the street, the sky already dull, the clouds dark and the air was charged with the promise of a storm. I huddled my coat around me until I reached the bus stop, music blaring in my ears. I didn't notice the car pull up beside me until it was blocking the bus stop, and I saw a familiar head lean out the window. 
'Gretchen, let me give you a lift. Please.'
 I took my earphones out and walked over to the car. His blue eyes were full of concern as he motioned to the seat beside him. I just couldn’t understand this boy. What makes him think that I would ever get in a car with him again? Better yet, why did he want me to?
'Luke, I would rather walk, you know this. Please leave me alone.' I went to put my earphones back in when he touched my arm. 
'You know what Gretchen, we both kinda fucked up this past year. You really hurt me, you did. But then I was a dick, and I really upset you. I'm truly sorry.' He sounded genuine and I finally met his gaze with mine.
 'I love him Luke. I'm sorry that I hurt you, but you and I have nothing else to say to each other.' I noticed the hurt in his eyes when he nodded. 
'I know, but you know what G, he isn't here, and I am. I just want to be friends.' He said softly, his eyes on mine. Part of me wanted to scream at him and beg for any information on Cal, but I couldn't bring myself to. 
'Thank you Luke, I really do appreciate your offer of a ride. I hope you understand why I am saying no. Have fun tonight.' I said this as firmly as I could, aware his eyes were still on me. I stepped back as the rain started to fall. He gazed at me for a beat before smiling sadly and then pulled away from the curb with speed. 
The bus eventually came towards me like a beacon in the night, and I gratefully climbed on board. I sat by the window and stared out into the darkness, the music filling my ears yet not able to banish the thoughts in my mind that were ever there, reminding me that once I had felt something instead of this constant state of nothingness. I got off not too much later, the rain heavy now. I thought of my friends in their beautiful dresses having to contend with this weather. My boots disappeared into the small puddles that were forming on the ground as I put my face back to feel the rain on my face. I walked past Cal's house, my heart rate increasing as it always did, to see it shrouded in darkness. I stood for a minute, the tears that fell from my face blending with the rain, making it impossible to tell the difference. Would this pain ever end? Would the thoughts ever go away? I pushed away from the fence, heading towards my own home. The rain was heavy now, I could barely see in front of me. Typical Winterburg rain. I didn't mind it tonight, it soothed my soul. I could see an orange glow in front of me for a split second and I stopped in my tracks. I searched for it with my eyes but it was gone. More mind tricks Gretchen. Maybe I was finally losing it, hallucinating along with everything else. I shook my head and started to move faster, head down now against the wind. I ran up the drive to my house, peeling off my coat and shouting hello. It was warm and welcoming in the house and I was grateful to be away from the world. I wandered into the kitchen to find a note from my parents letting me know they had gone out for dinner. I sighed, I knew they felt guilty for my unhappiness, but really it wasn't their fault. I pulled the elastic from my hair and flipped my head over, shaking the curls out. I flipped my head back and left it loose. I headed upstairs, thoughts of a bath and a book coming to mind. I walked into my room which was shrouded in unusual darkness. I frowned, feeling the wall for the light.. my fingers brushed the switch and flipped it on. That was better. I slung my dirty clothes into the laundry, unclipping my bra with relief. What was it about taking your bra off at the end of the day? Sheer relief. My phone pinged and I reached over and picked it up. It was Rosie.
'Finn.'
I gasped. FINN? He was her date to PROM? How did I not guess? A million questions ran through my mind as I texted back a simple,
 'Omg! Have fun, i love you!' 
I walked into the bathroom smiling to myself as I imagined Finns eyes falling out of their sockets when he laid eyes on his date in that dress. I turned the taps on, hearing the rain battering the windows outside. I drizzled some bath crème into the hot water and watched idly as the water turned soapy and full of bubbles. Just then the doorbell rang, and I frowned. Who could that be? Part of me was concerned, Luke seemed to be having a hard time actually leaving me alone. But surely he would be at prom, or getting ready for prom? If it was him, I was going to lose my shit. I will hand deliver him to Krystal in a body bag. I grabbed a towel and quickly turned the taps off. I made my way downstairs and tried to see through the glass who it was. Whoever it was they had a hat on. Cautiously I leant close to the door. 
'Who is it?' I demanded. There was no answer. I started to feel uneasy. Why would someone ring the bell then not answer when asked who it was? It had to be Luke.
Fucks sake. Fuck, fuck, fuck. I gripped my towel around my body tighter, wondering what the hell I was going to do. The doorbell rang again. 
'Who is it? I'm not answering the door until you tell me who it is!' I practically screamed this, my heart pounding.
'It’s me.'
CHAPTER 12 
He leaned against the doorway, dirty blonde hair longer than i remembered.
‘Do you always answer the door dressed like that?’ His eyes twinkled as he drank me in.  My hand flew to my mouth. The black skinny jeans hugged his legs, the thin white t shirt soaked through so i could see his skin and incredible body. I took in the rough beard and intense green eyes that started into mine. It couldn’t be, it just couldn’t. 
'Cal?' I tried to sound strong, my voice shaking and coming out like a squeak.
He strode towards me, his long legs closing the distance between us easily. His mouth met mine roughly, the hands through my hair as he kissed me fiercely. I returned the kiss, my heart racing and jumping around ecstatically in my chest. He kicked the door shut behind him and he pulled away so he could see me properly. I started to cry, hot tears of anger falling down my cheeks. 'What the fuck Cal....what the fuck.....'
'I know.' His voice was gruff with emotion. He smelt so good and my body screamed for him in every capacity but the tears continued as I shoved him in the chest. 
'You fucking left me! Just LEFT. Do you have any idea what you have done to me? You can't just walk in here expecting to pick up where we left off like nothing has happened! I thought you actually loved me.' 
I sobbed again, my heart felt like it was shattering to a million pieces. He grabbed my shoulders, and put his face up to mine, eyes blazing.
 'I've got some explaining to do. If you'll let me. But don't for one second think I stopped loving you. I've thought about you every single minute of every day.' 
His thumb ran under my eyes, wiping away the tears. 'I'm so fucking sorry baby. But I really didn't have a choice.' 
I stared at him, unable to comprehend my reality.
 'But I'm here now.'
He pulled me towards his, burying his face into my curls. I breathed in his scent, wrapping my arms around his strong body. My mouth kissed his throat with soft kisses until he turned his mouth to mine and once again we kissed so intensely I thought I was going to bear physical marks from it. I grabbed his hand which was around my head, pulling me in deeper to him. I broke away.
 'My parents will be back soon......' I stammered, backing away slowly. 
He was breathing heavily, kissing my throat whilst his fingers slid under my towel. 'I’ve missed you so much.' he groaned, my body responding to the touch it had yearned for months, despite my brain screaming at it to remain still. I pulled away, holding my hand against his chest, the other gripping my towel. He leant back against the door and watched me, a confused expression on his stunning face.
 'Give me a minute. Stay there.' I ordered, turning towards the stairs.
 I ran upstairs and pulled the plug from the bath. I dropped my towel and slid on some underwear, sprayed some deodorant and slipped my hoody on. I pulled some jeans and boots on and picked my jacket up. He was back. As much as I wanted to have his body wrapped around mine for the rest of my life I felt like I deserved some answers. I made my way downstairs to see him with his hands in his pockets, his broad chest still wet from the rain. He looked solemn, and my heart skipped a beat. What was he going to say? What could possibly explain leaving me without even a text?
'My parents will be back soon. I need to hear why, when, where and most of all why!' I folded my arms in front of me.
'Come with me.'  He commanded gruffly. Another command, for his hand held mine and opened the door. Regardless of everything he had put me through I was powerless to fight this. I wanted my explanation, and more than anything I wanted him. I followed him outside, relieved to see the rain wasn’t as heavy as it had been earlier. His car was parked opposite my house, and I got in the familiar passenger side. I clipped my seat belt in as the car pulled away, the wipers clearing the sodden screen. He flicked the heaters on to clear the windows, which would take a while, given how cold it was. Why was I thinking about the fucking windows? I didn’t ask where we were going, I didn’t really care. I texted my parents to say i had gone for some food and I would be back later- I would not make that mistake twice- and stared at the road ahead of us. The rain wasn’t letting up at all, causing the road hard to see at the speed Cal was driving. We were on the freeway, and I took this moment to sneak a look at him. His eyes were fixed on the road, concentration on his beautiful face. I wanted to pinch myself. I couldn’t quite believe he was there. My phone pinged and it caused him to glance over at me. I could’ve told him it was from my parents but I wanted him to wonder who it was. I allowed myself a smile and slid the phone back into my jacket. He frowned and bit his lip, deep in thought. We pulled off the freeway, heading through roads that all seemed exactly the same as the one before that. I didn’t know this area too well, so I asked him where we were going.
‘Not be long Raven, you’ll see.’ 
The mention of my pet name from his lips made me shiver with longing but I couldn’t shake the anger.
‘You don’t get to call me that.’ I snapped. 
He raised his eyebrows as he pulled onto a dirt road surrounded by trees and shrubs, which we followed up a long and narrow driveway and as my eyes focus, a house came into view that you couldn’t see from the road. 
‘You live here?’ I murmur.
 He shrugs and gets out the car, and I do the same. The house is beautiful, with shutters adorning the windows, Ivy climbing up the old brickwork and steps leading to a rustic porch. He got his key out and opened the door, confirming that yes, he did indeed live here and that he wasn’t about to break in. I followed him in, walking into a hallway with shiny wooden floors, a sweeping white staircase and mirrors on the dark walls. Cal slung off his jacket, tossing it on the banister, then peeled his wet t shirt off. I gulped as I watched the muscles on his back rippling as he did this, and averted my eyes to the floor. I couldn’t be distracted. He walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge, pulling out two beers. He popped the lids off, and indicated for me to follow him. He handed me a beer and threw himself down on a grey sofa covered with throws, and raised his bottle to me as he took a sip. I placed my beer down without touching the contents and continued to stand. I folded my arms and waited.
He sighed. ‘This hasn’t been the easiest thing for me either Gretchen.’ 
I remained silent, I couldn’t be trusted to tell him to fuck himself. How dare he? He rubbed his head, his strong, tanned body still glistening with rain. 
‘I couldn’t contact you. I had to make a decision, quickly.’ he confessed, eyes on me the whole time. 
 He inhaled slowly, sipping more of his beer. 
‘Couldn’t or wouldn’t?’ I whispered. 
He looked at me directly and continued like I hadn’t spoken.
 ‘I got a letter Gretchen. It was addressed to ‘Joshua Miller’ It was handwritten.’ 
I frowned, confused. Who was Joshua Miller? Why would that make him leave?!  But I bit my lip to stop me interrupting. ‘No one knew my address or my real name, aside from family. The letter told me that my identity was no longer a secret, and that it was only a matter of time until I joined the others.’ His voice was flat as he stared at the floor. 
My heart was in my mouth. ‘The New York father?’ 
He nodded. ‘Me and Drake split. You were in danger- I couldn’t remain here, fucking around like we were just two teenagers in love.’ He smiled sadly. ‘I didn’t know what he knew, if he knew about you- but I couldn’t risk it.’ 
I took a huge slug of beer at that point because I felt like I was going to be sick and it was the only thing I could think of to do. I sank into a bean bag on the floor in front of him. ‘You were in danger and you left? I thought the worst. I thought you were dead.. I don’t get it, you ran again, but you’ve come back? I don’t understand.’
He didn’t raise his eyes to look at me, but winced. ‘I went back to New York Gretchen.’
If I wasn’t already sitting down, I would’ve collapsed. ‘WHAT!’ I began to cry then, not sure what had happened, or how he was still alive in front of me. ‘You are in WITNESS protection!’ He raised his beautiful green eyes to me then and I started to cry. ‘I need you to tell me what happened to you.’
He shook his head slightly, his voice gruff, his expression unreadable. He started to peel the label from the beer bottle, and absent minded I remembered reading that it was a sign of sexual frustration. Why did that make me feel happier?! He made me jump when he spoke.
‘It’s fucking hard Raven. But you are safe now. That’s all that matters. I don’t want to tell you everything, I just...can’t ok? Not yet. Give me time, please…..’ 
He held his face in his hands and I crawled forward to where he was. I peeled his hands away from his face to look at him.
‘It’s been months. I get that you may have moved on, and if you have, I swear I will never bother you again.’ He whispered this, as he held my face in his hands. ‘You deserve to be happy, with a decent human being who isn’t in trouble with less desirable fuckheads..’
 I cut him off with my lips on his. He pulled me onto his lap effortlessly, his fingers sliding up my back as I kissed him harder. I ran my nails down his chest, biting his neck as he lifted me up to throw me down on the sofa. I gasped and looked up at him as he pulled my jeans and panties down, tossing them aside. He knelt over me, unbuckling his belt without taking his eyes away from me. I knelt up, surprising him as I pushed him down onto the sofa, straddling him. I lifted my hoody off to sit on him completely naked. He pulled his jeans down, and I could feel him against me, causing me to moan softly. I leant forward and kissed him slowly on his face, his lips, his throat. His hands ran along my body, his fingers tracing down my thigh until it slipped easily inside of me. My body reacted so intensely I felt like I was going to be done there and then. I reached down and grabbed his cock, which was thick and hard. He lifted me by the hips and pushed himself deep inside of me. I arched back in pleasure as I lifted myself up and back down on him, taking the full length of him inside of me. 
‘You’re fucking perfect, fucking perfect’ He repeated as our bodies rocked in perfect rhythm. 
CHAPTER 13 
I woke a little after 2am, Cal shaking my shoulders. 
‘Babe, wake up!’ His voice sounded urgent, worried. I sat up, confused. I was drenched in sweat and completely naked. I took in my surroundings and then my gaze rested on Cal. ‘Cal, what’s wrong?’ I still couldn’t believe we were entwined together on his sofa.
 ‘You were having a nightmare,’ He said softly, kissing my head. 

I dreamt he was dead. I had dreamt it before of course, but this was so final. I watched his casket being lowered into the ground, and people walking away sadly. I had sat on the soil screaming his name. 

‘I’ll get you some water.’ He rose from the sofa and I pulled the throw around me and shuddered despite the warmth of the house. I watched Cal pad over from the sink, a glass of water in his hand. I could watch him all day. I couldn’t help but stare at his body which he smirked at. 

‘Seen enough?’ He sat on the sofa, his hand running up and down my leg. I swallowed the water gratefully and checked my phone. He watched me as I put it back on the floor and sighed contentedly.

 ‘Everything alright?’ his tone was casual but I know he was worried. 

‘Yeah, my parents bought that I was staying at Rosie’s. I think they would let tonight slide either way with it being prom.’ I sipped the water, before placing it on the floor beside my phone. 
‘Prom?’ He groaned, wrapping his arms around me and scattering kisses all over me.
‘Yeah but I was hardly going to go was I?’ I shrugged, not meeting his eyes. 
‘I bet you had lots of opportunities to go. I can’t even imagine how much attention you got the minute I was out of the picture. It kills me actually.’ His hand found my hand and he brought it to his lips and kissed my fingers softly. ‘You’re mine. You always have been Raven, and you always will be. I just hope you always want to be.’

I smiled as I nodded my head. ‘Always baby.’ I noticed his eyes cloud over with something, which quickly passed. ‘Are you back now? For real?’ I asked carefully. I needed to know, there was no way I was going through that hell, ever again. 

His finger stroked my cheek. ‘I left because I had to. I’m here now, and I know there is no reason for me to have to leave again, know that.’ I frowned and despite myself I asked the question I most wanted to hear the answer to. 

‘What happened in New York?’ 

His eyes narrowed. ‘I know you need the truth, but I just don’t feel I can. Not yet. But I will never leave you again. Ok?’ I watched him and realised suddenly he looked a lot older than his seventeen years. ‘Can we go and sleep in a proper bed now?’ He yawned and smiled at me lazily. I couldn’t push it. Not at 2am. I stood, bringing the throw with me and followed him upstairs, my mind racing with the possibilities of what had happened in New York. His bedroom was simple, floor length curtains adorned the windows, a thick grey rug on the varnished floor. His bed was a up against a plain wall, white sheets lay crumpled on the mattress and I noticed an ashtray on the floor. I rolled my eyes, some things don’t change. I crawled into the bed, tiredness overtaking me suddenly. Cal slid into bed next me and kissed my head before exhaling. ‘I can’t tell you how much I have missed you.’ I smiled as my eyes closed, our fingers laced together. 

The next morning was Saturday. I turned over to see the bed empty next to me and I immediately panicked. Where was he? I looked around the room, and saw a pile of clothes strewn over an armchair in the corner. I made my way over to it and slipped a Ramones t shirt on that covered my butt. I walked out of the door and was hit by the delicious smell of bacon cooking. I hadn’t even realised how hungry I was, so I quickly made my way down the stairs. Cal was over the stove, dressed in grey bottoms as he frowned at the pan with concentration. I took pleasure in watching him, knowing he wasn’t aware I was there. He was fucking delicious. Suddenly I wasn’t hungry for the bacon. 

He turned his head and saw me, a huge smile breaking over his face. ‘Morning sleepyhead,’ he opened his arms and I slipped into them easily. 

‘I could SO get used to this,’ I said, kissing his mouth. ‘There’s OJ in the fridge, help yourself.’ he nodded at the fridge and I dutifully took the juice out and looked in the cupboards for the glasses. The first cupboard had nothing in at all, the second one had three plates and some mugs. I frowned and went to open the third and final cupboard. 

‘Yeah, it’s right at the back baby, whatever you are looking for.’

I turned to see Cal watching me hungrily, the t shirt raising up to give him a wonderful view of my naked self. I rolled my eyes and instructed him to find the glasses himself, making my way to one of the stools by the kitchen bar. I wondered how he had this house, who did it belong to? I gazed around it, imagining that it was ours. I remembered my phone on the side and leant over to grab it. My parents had texted me asking how I was today and if I had fun. Oh if they knew, I smiled wickedly to myself. Cal slid a bacon sandwich over to me and I thanked him, taking a bite. 

‘So do you have any plans today?’ He leant on the counter before taking a bite of his sandwich. 

‘No, you?’ As I spoke crumbs of bread fell out of my mouth and he laughed shaking his head. 

‘I wondered if you wanted to go to LA?’ He said it so casually, whilst my mouth dropped open. LA? That was over 2000 miles away.

 ‘How exactly are we going to do that?’ I asked, staring at him. 

He smiled and winked at me. ‘Do you think we could get a night away, or not?’ 
I laughed nervously. ‘Are you serious? First of all, thats a FLIGHT away from here, the nearest airport is like, Minnesota. What would I tell my parents?!’ 

He nodded. ‘Yes, we could do it another time, maybe for your birthday?’ His eyes met mine.

‘My birthday?’ I squealed. ‘Oh I would love that.’ But my face fell. ‘But Cal, I really need my parents to be okay with us.’ I stared at the remnants of my sandwich. He walked around the table, swivelling my stool around so that he was in between my legs. 

‘Hey’ He said softly, lifting my head back. ‘I would love that. I want to be with you. Properly. Whatever I have to do, I’ll do.’ He was thinking of my birthday, which was six months away. He was willing to do anything to be with me. Tears threatened to spill down my face as our mouths met. It wasn’t a long walk back to the sofa……

I couldn’t bear to be away from Cal, but I knew I had to return home or my parents would start to become suspicious. He drove me home, our fingers laced together as much as we could.

‘When will I see you next?’ I asked as he pulled up near my house. ‘It’s not like you are near me anymore.’ I cast a sad look in the direction of the home he used to be in. 

He turned towards me, kissing my hand.  ‘I will take you for dinner later.’ He said simply. 

‘But Cal, what will I tell my parents? I can’t keep lying.’ I put my head down, frustrated. Why was everything so difficult? 

He watched me for a moment, biting on his lip. ‘Right, come with me. Let’s do this.’ 

He got out of the car and walked around to open my door. I stayed seated, confused. ‘I’m sorry, do what?’ 

He smiled at me. ‘Come on. If this goes completely wrong, I promise you, I won’t leave you. Ok?’ I stared at him open mouthed. He leaned on the car door, a smile playing at his sexy lips.

 ‘Baby, if I have learnt anything at all, it’s that life is too short. I love you. Let me meet your parents.’ I finally slid my legs out of the car, and struggled to stand as they felt like jelly. 

‘Cal-’ He put his finger to my lips, and shut the car door behind me. He leaned against me and kissed me hungrily. ‘Let’s go.’ I felt breathless from his kiss, his touch, damn even his presence. He laced his fingers through mine and led the way up my drive, towards my house. 

‘They thought I was at Rosie’s,’ I hissed as he smiled at me, ringing the doorbell. ‘Cal I don’t need to ring the doorbell at my own home.’ I rolled my eyes. The door swung open and my mother stood in front of us, her eyes creased with confusion as she saw Cal, then me. She looked back at Cal and widened her eyes. 

‘Gretchen?’ she said questionably. 

Cal stepped forward, moving his hair out of his eyes.
 ‘Hi Mrs Red. I think it’s time we met. I’m Cal.’ 
Their eyes met and I watched as my mom went through about a million different emotions. She frowned, then looked back at me, my cheeks flushed with happiness and eyes shining with love and adoration.
 ‘I thought you stayed at Rosie’s last night Gretchen?’
 She was looking back at Cal, who hadn’t missed a beat. ‘She did, I gave her a ride home this morning as I didn’t want her walking home alone. ’ He smiled at her then and I saw her face relax slightly. 
‘I see. So, are you going to come in Cal?’ I nearly fell over when she said this, whilst Cal nodded and held his hand out for me to go first. I walked in, staring at my mom whilst she closed the door. 
‘So Cal. It’s good to finally meet you, but I have to say i thought you and Gretchen had cooled it off somewhat lately?’ She sounded hopeful until he laughed.

 ‘Certainly not. I decided to give Gretchen some space to concentrate on her studies. I know how much she wants to be a therapist.’ He sat down in the chair beside him. I stared at him, this smooth talker who seemed to have the answers to everything. He glanced over at my mother who was watching him suspiciously. 

She cleared her throat and fixed him with her fierce gaze. 'So, it is graduation soon. What are your plans Cal?' 
He frowned as he seemed to be deep in thought. 'Well to be honest, I am not entirely sure which path is best to take. I could follow my father down the acting route, or I could stick with sports therapy, which I am better at, to be honest,' He laughed at that point. I couldn't hide my surprise as I took this information in. He was interested in sports therapy? His dad was an actor?! His eyes met mine and he tilted his head to the side, acknowledging my confusion.
 'So I assume you won't be keeping my daughter out overnight anymore without letting us know first, right?' My mom’s voice had softened slightly, but she still made it clear she meant business. Cal held his hands up, eyes wide. 
‘M’am, I can only apologise about that. It will not happen again.’
We were all quiet for a moment until Cal rose from his chair, smiling at my mom as he did.
 ‘It was a pleasure to meet you, but I have to head home. I have so much to be getting on with. Oh, Gretchen, I didn’t know if you were free this evening but I wondered if you would like to come out for dinner with me.’ 
My mom folded her arms, and looked at me, her eyes wide. I actually couldn’t have loved him any more than I did at that point. ‘I would love to. Mom, I will be back home after.’ 
My mother pursed her lips and nodded.
 ‘Does Cal know you will be going to Hayville?’ She said this part proudly, beaming at me as my eyes met Cal’s. The colour drained from his face as he recognised the name, and more importantly, the location. He recovered quickly, nodding enthusiastically. 
‘Its great news, I am so proud of her. That’s what tonight is about, celebrating.’ His voice hadn’t changed at all. Wow, an expert liar. I needed to take note of this. 
 My mother nodded her approval. ‘We are so proud of her, I have no doubt she will excel at everything she does.’ 
I walked Cal to the door as he said goodbye to my mother. I pulled the door closed behind me and leant against it, my eyes closed. 
‘I’m sorry I didn’t tell you…’ I mumbled, refusing to meet his gaze. ‘You weren’t around, I didn’t know….’ He nodded slowly. ‘New York hey?’
I gulped, unable to take the pain in his voice. ‘He stood up straight then and leant over to kiss me lightly on the lips. ‘I’ll pick you up later, about 7?’ He skipped down the steps from the porch, walking backwards. I couldn’t stop staring at his beautiful face, his hair in his eyes. ‘So the beard- are you gonna lose it?’ He laughed then, running his hand over it slowly. 
‘Hmm, you seemed to like it this morning?’ He laughed and walked round to his car. I watched him longingly as he swept his hair back, pulling on his aviators to avoid the glare of the bright sun. He looked at me one last time, his lips curling into a smile before he pulled off back in the direction we had come. I sighed, not entirely sure what to think. There was so much to consider. What had happened to him in New York? What would happen when I moved to New York? How did he feel about it? My mind buzzed with questions as I made my way back to the house. My mother sat on the kitchen table, coffee in hand. Her sapphire eyes locked on mine when I walked in, a small smile playing on her lips. ‘He was….. Interesting. I can’t think what you see in him.’ We both laughed, thawing the ice between us. I took a seat in front of my mom who watched me quizzically. ‘Everything ok honey?’ she asked quietly, watching me. 
‘Its really complicated Mom….I am so in love with him.’ She didn’t blink, instead sipped her coffee silently. ‘He is all I think about. I know me moving to New York is going to be a big thing for him… but I also know he supports me entirely.’ I sighed, absentmindedly playing with one of my dark spirals. 
‘I don’t doubt you are in love with him. I think it is quite clear you are in love. Both of you. But I know long distance is hard, really hard. Where will he be able to study sports therapy?’ She coked her head to the side as she gave it some thought. 
I looked at her, answering her honestly. ‘I have absolutely no idea.’ 
She shrugged then, reaching for my hand. ‘If it’s meant to work it will. Now why don’t you go and have a relaxing day before your date tonight? I have to go to the supermarket if you want a ride to the mall?’ I wanted to pinch myself. My mom actually understood? Since When?! I smiled and grabbed my phone, dialling Rosie’s number. She answered yawning, asking what time I called this.
 ‘Rosie, I need to see you. I need your help.’ 
 CHAPTER 14 
I stared at my reflection in the mirror. I didn't recognise the woman staring back at me. I had met Rosie at the mall earlier that day, begging her to help me get sensational for my date. 
After Rosie had squealed and danced at the news Cal was back, she immediately went into Diva mode, dragging me to the hair salon. I wasn’t holding out much hope they could fit me in, it WAS a Saturday after all. A petite blonde girl called Molli (yes with an I!) had a cancellation and was all too excited to get her hands on my unruly mop. She had scrubbed, snipped and blow dried to within an inch of her life. I was astounded someone so small and slight could have such strength! She teased my hair into silky curls that tumbled down my shoulders, complete with caramel highlights. Molli ran some ‘product’ through my hair and some three hours later from walking in I was ‘done.’ Rosie stared at me agape as I paid Molli, making sure to give her a heavy tip. Wow. I felt awkward, not wanting to mess up the curls. Rosie walked over whistling. 
‘Ouch. Cal is going to DIE, you look insanely hot momma!’ 
I giggled, linking arms with her as we made our way out of the salon, watched by a smiling Molli. Next stop was all the stores- we trawled through so many- Rosie getting agitated because she didn’t know where I was going that evening. In the end I sent a text to Cal asking for a location as I needed to know what to wear, to which he replied with ‘Dress however the fuck you like- you won’t be wearing it long. We are going somewhere nice, I promise.’ I had butterflies in my tummy as I read it. 
Rosie rolled her eyes. ‘They really do just think with their cock’s don’t they?’ 
I shrugged, remembering that morning. In the end we settled on a simple yet figure hugging black dress, the back exposed. I stared at myself in the mirror again, waiting anxiously for Cal to pick me up. I wore a diamante choker, and I had gone all the way with the makeup. I followed a tutorial on YouTube on ‘smoky eyes’ and nude lips. I finished the lip liner on my lips as the doorbell rang. I squealed, grabbing my black fur collared jacket. I was careful walking down the stairs in my heels, desperately trying not to slip. My father had answered the door, and was standing at the bottom of the stairs talking with Cal, a relaxed expression on his face. Clearly mom had had a word. I smiled as they broke off their conversation to watch me descend the stairs. My mother walked in from the kitchen, her eyes resting on me. She smiled in delight, her hands flying to her mouth as I saw tears fill her eyes. I felt for them- they didn’t get to see me go to prom, this was as good as that to them. It was Cal who took my breath away, as his jaw dropped watching me walk towards him
 ‘You look absolutely, beautiful, wow I am a lucky man.’ I could tell he was trying to behave in front of my parents, but as his eyes drank me in I could see his thoughts were not that of a behaved man, more likely depraved. 
My father watched him carefully, as did I. He wore a suit, black, with a black tie. His long hair had been cut back to its previous length and slicked back, making me focus on his chiselled jawline which was now devoid of any hairs. 
He raised my hand to his and kissed it softly, eyes on mine. 
My parents stood watching us, my mother coming over to kiss me lightly on both cheeks, whispering ‘be safe, and if you aren’t coming home, text me.’ 
I looked at her i surprise and she winked as she slid an arm around my father’s waist. 
‘Have a good night honey and Cal, look after her.’ My father raised his eyebrows at him as he said this, and Cal nodded his head. 
‘Absolutely Mr Red, you have my word.’ My father crossed his arms and watched us go, his chest puffed out with pride. We left into the chilly evening air, the door closing behind us. 
‘Oh Cal you look amazing, can we just go to yours?!’ 
He held my hand and indicated in front of him. ‘Or the back of this?’ I followed his gaze to see a sleek black limo stretched out in front of my house. I gaped, standing still as I took it in. ‘A limo?!’
Cal laughed, clearly pleased with my reaction. A driver stood at the door which he now held open for me, holding his hand out as I climbed in. I had never been in a limo before and I couldn’t believe my eyes. I slid into a seat which curled its way from the door and around the length of the limo, a bar in front of that complete with champagne on ice. I turned to see a huge bouquet of roses lying next to the champagne there was a note attached. My heart thudded in my chest as Cal slid in the seat next to me, kissing my shoulders. 
‘You look and smell good enough to eat,’ He looked up at me then, following my gaze to the roses. He handed me the bouquet and I reached for the note. I realised the limo was moving and I squealed with excitement. The note slid out and it simply said ‘Mine’. 
CHAPTER 15
The limo sped through the streets of Winterburg as I sipped the champagne in between kissing the most amazing man I had ever met.

‘Where are we going?’ I murmured, glad I had gone with the nude lips, considering how much we had kissed. 

He smiled that smile and gazed at me adoringly. How had I managed to end up this lucky?! He really was absolutely gorgeous, but also addictive on about a thousand other levels. He leant back against the leather seat and ran a hand through his hair, the other entwined with mine. ‘Somewhere different. You missed prom so..’ He shrugged, looking down. I rolled my eyes and sipped my champagne. I can’t remember feeling this happy, especially when I noticed Cal watching me.

‘What?!’ I giggled nervously. 

He ran his finger over my knuckles before raising my hand to kiss with his beautiful mouth. His green eyes met mine and I felt an electric bolt shoot through my body. How did anyone have an effect on anyone just by looking at them? I swear he had some sort of magical power, there was no other explanation. Voodoo maybe? As I pondered this the limo started to slow before coming to halt. I looked at Cal shyly as he smiled. 

The door opened and the driver held his hand out for me to get out. As i stepped out I felt the wind greet me, taking my breath away. I gasped as I realised we were at the marina….

‘Cal?!’ I turned to him, my eyes wide as I searched his. ‘What are we doing at the marina?!’ He laughed, and turned me around to face the direction behind me. 

‘We are spending the evening on that…’ he nodded to a beautiful yacht in the near distance. It was lit up against the dark, and I squealed in excitement. He beamed at my reaction, grabbing my hand after tipping the limo driver. My heart thudded in my chest as I stared at the yacht. The ramp on board had rails which had roses around them, small lanterns lining the path to it. I went to walk on it and Cal stopped me, removing my heels, and then removing his shoes. I looked at him puzzled as he winked at me. ‘You need to take your shoes off before you board a yacht my lady, it may damage the decks. ‘ I was relieved, I was worried how I was going to manage the walk in heels. I wanted to take so many selfies it was unreal! I walked up the ramp and on board. I was immediately greeted by a lady in a crisp white shirt and pressed black trousers. Her hair was swept up into an elegant French roll as she handed me (another) ice cold glass of bubbles. I thanked her as I turned to take in my surroundings. I felt Cal’s arms slip around my waist as he kissed my neck. 

‘Do you like it?’ He sounded nervous. I rubbed his hand as I whispered how much I loved it. He led me by the hand to a table surrounded by small lanterns, candles and more roses. The chairs were so soft and comfy, with at least room for three people on each side. I slipped into one and Cal slid in opposite me, his eyes dancing with happiness. The waitress came over and we ordered our food- chicken for me and steak for Cal… and more champagne. 

‘You look absolutely amazing Gretchen.’ He said softly, his eyes drinking me in. I blushed and he noticed, smiling further as he leant back into his chair. The waitress poured more champagne and fluttered her eyelashes at Cal as he thanked her. 

‘No problem Sir.’ She swung her hips gently as she walked away, casting a sly glance behind her to see if he was watching. Unfortunately all she saw was my furious glare. 

‘Does she want to offer to take you below?!’ I muttered, annoyed that she was having the audacity to try it on with my boyfriend on a date! This was the problem with being with someone stupidly hot. He raised his eyebrows and flashed me a wicked grin. 

‘Now that is an idea. We should totally go below at some point Raven.’ He licked his lips suggestively and I felt my face burning. It must be the champagne, because I was genuinely considering it….

After dinner Cal and I went to the other end of the yacht and stared at the sky together, complete with a thick blanket to shield us from the cold. I couldn’t believe how many stars there were, it was such a clear night. 

‘It's so beautiful’ I murmured. Cal pulled me towards him, our lips meeting urgently as his mouth explored mine. Immediately I found myself pulling his hair and felt him pull me onto his lap. We were kissing hungrily and I found myself moaning as he pulled me down onto him, the blanket covering us. I could hear the waves lapping the boat, the movement of the boat on the water slight, creating the most wonderful moment. I pulled away from him and he groaned. ‘I think, it's time for a dance.’ 

I frowned at him happily. ‘What?! Here? But..’ 

He lifted me up and stood me on my feet. He turned and held out his hand which i took, laughing softly. At that moment the lights on the yacht went out and I gasped and went closer to Cal, who smiled. ‘It’s ok.’

I looked up at him and realised I was smiling stupidly. I was standing in the dark under the stars, on a yacht, in a dress and bare feet, whilst Cal held me in his arms. He swayed me to invisible music and I felt tears prick my eyes. I sniffled involuntarily and he tipped my head back to look at him. 

‘ I love you, you know that? Nothing will ever tear us apart again.’ His voice was strong yet soft as his lips brushed against mine. 

‘I love you too. So much.’ Our lips met properly then, as we danced under the stars. 

CHAPTER 16 
I woke the next morning completely naked in Cal’s arms. I looked up at him and watched as his lips moved as he breathed, his chest rising and falling slowly. He was as content as me, I was sure of it. I peeled myself away from the warmth of the bed and made my way to the bathroom. I stared at myself in the mirror and realised that my make up from last night was still on, probably most of it was on the pillow too! I ran the water in the shower and waited until the temperature was hot enough to step into. I walked into the steam, letting it cover my body. I ran my hands over my face and in my hair, humming to myself. I washed my hair, taking time to massage the conditioner in before rinsing it out. My hair is an absolute nightmare if it isn’t conditioned. I couldn’t believe what Cal had done for me last night, I felt like I was going to burst with happiness. I didn’t hear the footsteps come into the bathroom, and nearly jumped out of my skin when I heard a deep voice say, 

‘Well, you must be the reason he isn’t answering any of my calls.’

 I gasped, grabbing my towel from the top of the shower, turning it off as quickly as I could. Through the steam I saw a tall muscular man standing in the doorway watching me with a lazy grin on his face. I gulped, wrapping the towel around me in horror. Who the hell was this?! Why was he staring at me like I was breakfast?!

‘What the fuck are you doing in my house?’ I heard Cal growl. 

The man didn’t even turn away from me as he ran his eyes down my body. ‘See. I was just telling this young lady here now I understand why you haven’t returned my calls.’ His voice was thick with a New York accent and I felt panic take over, my whole body shaking.

 Cal pushed in front of him, standing in front of me angrily. ‘What the fuck is this Andre?

’ I hid behind Cal, my heart pounding. I knew nothing would happen to me whilst Cal was there, but I was still totally out of my depth and terrified. 

The man’s eyes reluctantly left me as Cal walked towards him, standing squarely in front of him. Andre spoke again. ‘Let’s go downstairs. Let the lady…...get dressed.’ The man licked his lips and I shuddered. Cal didn’t move and the man stepped backwards out of the bathroom slowly as he made his way out of the room. 

Cal moved then towards me quickly. ‘Get dressed Gretchen, do not worry. You are safe with me.’ he kissed my head and fixed his eyes on mine, before turning in the same direction the creepy Andre had gone. I quickly picked up a stray t shirt and some jeans that were going to be way too big for me. I wanted to cry, why didn’t I have any clothes! I should have left some here. I found a hoody and pulled that on, grateful for the large size. My hair was dripping wet, curls starting to form. I grabbed a towel and scrunched some of the moisture out, realising my hands were shaking. I tiptoed to the stairs and listened to the voices as best as I could. I heard them but I couldn’t make out what they were saying, and all I could think of was what I was going to do if something happened to Cal. I screamed inwardly as I tried to calm myself down. How could we have been dancing on a yacht last night and now I was hiding upstairs from a lecherous prick who had let himself into Cal’s house?! I gripped the handrail as the voices got louder and less muffled. 

‘’If you had answered my calls I wouldn’t have had to make this trip especially Leo.’ 

Leo?! Who the fuck was Leo? My heart beat hard in my chest. 

‘I told you. This is over now. What the fuck are you doing here?.’ Cal’s voice said angrily. 

‘You can’t ignore what happened. Does your pretty little girlfriend know?’ Andre sneered. 

‘Don’t even mention her. Forget you ever saw her.’ Cal was furious.

‘It's hard though, she is such a pretty little thing. Remember the last pretty little thing you had? I liked her a lot too.’ He started to laugh and I heard deathly silence. ‘Are you still getting the threats Leo?’ 

I heard Cal bang his fist on the counter. ‘You come to MY house, let yourself in and fucking stare at my girlfriend in the shower? Then ask me that? You are one sick fuck.’
Andre laughed.

‘But we are quite alike are we not Leo?’ His voice was softer then. 

‘No we are not, we are NOTHING alike.’ Cal spat this out in anger. I wanted to go and hold him back, but I knew I needed to stay upstairs. ‘You deserve to die.’ 
My hand flew to my mouth. He clearly meant that, his voice was menacing. I had never heard him like that before, ever. 

‘I may go and see your little girlfriend. I hope she hasn’t got dressed. I much preferred her naked.’ I gasped then, running to the bathroom and locking the door. My heart pounded and I felt like I was going to be sick from pure fear. Tears started streaming down my face as I heard footsteps running up the stairs. I heard scuffling and shouting, and I felt the terror running through my veins. 
‘You are a weak little boy. Maybe she needs a man? When I have finished with you I will make sure she knows what a man feels like.’ 
His vile words made me retch and I racked my brain thinking of what I could possibly do. My phone wasn’t in the bathroom, and if I went out there then I will be at risk. I couldn’t leave him there though. That man was bigger than Cal and clearly fought dirty. I glanced around the bathroom, desperately searching for anything I could use as a weapon. FUCK! All I could see was bottles of shampoo and shower gel. I could hear banging outside the door and then a thud. I started to panic. Fuck this. I opened the door slowly, peeking through the crack in the door. I couldn’t see anything. I opened the door more, slowly peeking around the door. I could see legs sprawled next to the bedroom door and I started to weep as I walked towards them. They weren’t moving. I walked forward, my hand over my mouth as I saw what once was the face of Andre. Blood covered his face and Cal was leaning against the wall, his eyes wide and his face swollen. 
‘Baby,’ I whispered. He didn’t look at me, he didn’t even blink. ‘Baby I need to call an ambulance ok?’ I looked around for my phone, desperately. I saw it on the stand next to my bed and I ran over. 
‘Don’t.’
I heard Cal’s voice order harshly. I stared at him, stunned. 
‘But -’

‘No. He needs to die ok? I will explain. But he needs to.’ He sounded almost calm. He nodded towards his phone which was on the floor near the bed. ‘Can you pass me that please? I am not sure I can move just yet.’ He made an attempt at laughing and winced. My mind raced as I handed him his phone. What was going on? I knew the man was bad, but did he deserve to die? I slumped onto the floor against the bed as I closed my eyes. Suddenly Andre started to gurgle and cough, and Cal’s eyes widened as he jumped up, crying out in pain as he did, to put his hand over Andres mouth and nose. I gasped, covering my eyes as I saw Andre trying to fight Cal pointlessly. Andre’s eyes were wide as he tried to speak, Cal stared at him as he leant close to his ear. 

‘This is for Lucia you sick fucker.’ he spat in his face then as the light died from Andres eyes. Cal didn’t remove his hands, pushing down repeatedly until he was sure he was dead. 

I started to sob then, and Cal glanced at me, as though he had just remembered I was there. He leant back and reached for his phone, indicating for me to come to his side. I shook my head. No. Cal made a call, his hands on his head. 

‘Can I speak to Verno? It's Leo.’ I stared at him, a million questions going around in my head. LEO CAPE? Was this his name? His real name? I closed my eyes and tried to breathe. I was sitting in a room with a corpse, who moments before was most certainly going to try t kill my boyfriend then do awful things to me. Cal didn’t have much choice. Well, Leo didn’t. I had zero grip on reality right now. 
I listened as Cal explained to whoever Verno was that Andre was dead, and that he needed someone to remove him. REMOVE HIM? I felt like I was going to be sick and the room started to spin, was I now an accessory to MURDER? Cal hung up the phone and crawled over to me, holding my hands in his blood stained ones. 
‘I will tell you everything. Right now. Just please listen to me.’ 
My hands shook but I nodded, desperate for some light on what the hell had just happened. 

‘Ok,’ Cal took a deep breath. ‘First, we need to get out of here. Let me clean myself up.’ He managed to stand, grimacing as he did. I stood and helped him into the shower. He washed away the blood and I saw he had deep black bruises covering his ribs and chest. He winced as he washed but he soon was out drying himself. He dressed with my help, and we stepped over the body of Andre, Cal pulling me close to him as we did. We made our way downstairs and outside to his car. 

‘You are leaving him there?!’ I stare at him aghast. He nods and reverses down the drive and onto the road before speeding away. 

‘Text your parents. We have to talk.’ He commanded and I quickly shot off a text to my mom. Luckily I had texted her last night to gush about my evening before falling to sleep. I realised my hands were shaking as we pulled into a diner not far from the house. We walked in and I was relieved to see it was mostly empty, so we chose a booth towards the back as a waiter came over and took our orders. 

I stared at Cal waiting. He met my gaze and nodded. 
‘What the fuck just happened?’ I whispered. 

‘So, New York. The house we broke into? It was my girlfriends.’ He had the grace to stare down then, as he continued,’ Lucia. No one knew we were seeing each other. She wasn’t meant to be in.’ He closed his eyes, clearly remembering that night. ‘We were almost done. She came in, saw us all.’ I didn’t know what to say, so I just remained quiet. 
The waiter came over, placing our milkshakes in front of us, which we both left untouched. 
‘You could do with the sugar, for shock.’ He nodded at mine. I folded my arms and stared at him. 
‘Carry on.’
He looked at me through those dark eye lashes.
‘I told her to run. She didn’t. They dragged her upstairs. I ran towards her and tried to stop them. They were men, Gretchen. She was a young girl. I lied to you before. I didn’t run...But they weren’t about to let me stop them. They punched me hard enough to knock me out. When I came to there was police everywhere.’ I realised I had tears running down my face. He was struggling now, his face creased with emotion. ‘She never told them we were seeing each other. The police guessed I had a part in it.’ 
I swallowed, barely able to breathe imagining a young Cal going through this. 

‘I had a good lawyer. Lucia survived, but only just. She can never have children and she doesn’t leave her house. She has no life, not really.’ His voice was full of sadness. ‘I admitted to taking part in the robbery but not that. Not that, ever.’ His voice was full of disgust.
‘So yeah, Verno was Lucia’s pops. He wanted me dead. In his eyes even if I didn’t touch her, I didn’t help her either.’ I reached out and held his hand and he looked at me in surprise. 
‘Carry on.’ My voice was broken but I wanted him to tell me everything, 
‘I got a fine and a caution. I was the youngest. Four of the men went to prison for what they did. They got 5 years. It was a mockery of the justice system. So Verno created his own justice system. They died in there.’ He said this with no emotion. 

‘So Andre?’ I asked, ‘What did he do?’ 

Cal’s face changed to that of pure anger. 
‘He was vile Raven, really fucking bad. Like, to the core. He went on the run. I never heard from him or saw him until today. He was the worst of them all- what he did to her-’ 
He shook his head violently as if trying to erase the memory.
 ‘It was just me and he left and Vernon wanted us both dead.’ 
I stared at him, trying to process everything he had just told me. I reached forward and drank my milkshake in a few gulps. I wished it were wine. Cal watched me carefully. 
‘He must’ve found out she was my...girlfriend.’ He looked like he was in psychical pain. I couldn’t even begin to comprehend what he was telling me. We sat in silence as we absorbed what had been said. 
‘So that's why you killed him today.’ I said softly, my voice lower than a whisper. 
He didn’t confirm this verbally, but he didn’t need to. His face said it all.
‘He would have really hurt you Gretchen. I could not let that happen again, no way. I just couldn’t. What he is capable of-’ He closed his eyes and his hand tightened around mine. He killed a man. For me? For Lucia too, I realised. He killed an awful man, who would have probably killed us given the choice. 
‘So the body-’ I started before Cal placed a finger to his lips to silence me. 
‘Will be gone shortly. I have to go back to meet with Verno. I have to end this baby.’ 

WHAT? Is he actually fucking insane? Verno will kill him surely?

‘No Cal. No. I am going with you.’ I stammered, wondering why I was saying this. Love really is blind, and fucking stupid too. 
His eyes met mine blazing and I sat back in fear. 
‘No Gretchen, you are not. This is NOT up for debate. I will not have you at risk. But I need you to be safe. I can’t leave you alone. I need you to know how much I love you, ok. No matter what.’ His eyes burned into mine as he grabbed my hand and squeezed it. ‘I can’t believe what you had to see today. I am so, so sorry. So fucking sorry. I swear I think you need time to process-’

This time I snapped. 

‘No. No I don’t. Because unfortunately for me, you don’t get to choose who you fall in love with. I fucking love you. You saved me.’ 
His eyes shone with love as he gazed at me. 
‘So I killed a man and you still want to be with me? Wow. You are marriage material indeed.’ He attempted a smile. ‘I am going to get you home. I have to be back at mine shortly.’

CHAPTER 17

As the aircraft touched down on the runway I looked out of the window in excitement. New York City. Anything was possible! I leant back in my chair and waited for the seatbelt sign to come off so I could grab my bag. This past year had been such a whirlwind, I felt like I had aged 10 years. Finally I was off to college, to pursue my dream of being a therapist. It was actually happening! I glanced around the cabin and noticed most people were business passengers or families on a trip. I turned my phone off flight mode and sent my parents a text to let them know I had landed. This was so exciting! I had arranged accommodation with the University, it was off campus but not far from Manhattan so I was ecstatic. I was so nervous though, there was so much going on here and I was just from a small town. I reached up and grabbed my bag when the sign went off, stretching. I followed the line of impatient passengers from the aircraft through the tunnel and into the airport. It was bright and busy and my heart lurched. I was really doing this! My phone beeped and I saw my parents were sending me good lucks and be safes. I smiled as I searched made my way to baggage collection, managing to spot my bright pink suitcase immediately. I heaved it off and looked for the signs to the taxi ranks, moving carefully through the crowd. I already loved the buzz of the city- everyone was already on their phones and moving quickly. I grabbed a free paper from someone handing them out and made my way out of the revolving doors and into the crisp New York air. 
I stood and breathed in the air as I checked my email on my phone for the address. I was concentrating so much I didn't notice someone falling straight into me. 
'Oh shit, I am sorry. I didn't mean to literally fall into you.' I looked up and saw a handsome guy with a football jersey on grinning at me. 'I'm Josh.' He stuck his hand out and I smiled. 'That’s great Josh, but I am not talking to a strange guy in a strange city.' 
I stared back at my phone as he laughed. 'No, that’s a good point to make actually. Are you here on business or pleasure?' I saw the address and looked around for a cab. There were a long line of them and a queue of people waiting. I made my way over to the line with Josh in tow. He was certainly persistent. ‘Look Josh, I mean this in the nicest way. I am not going to engage in conversation with you so I will see you around, ok?’ I smiled and moved away from him. 
His face fell as he held his hands up. ‘I’m sorry, just a sucker for a pretty face.’ 
I laughed as he moved onto another girl, who seemed a little more receptive than I. Eventually I was in a cab, riding through the bright lights of the city heading for my apartment! I was excited to meet my roommate, the rent was surprisingly good so I had hoped it wasn’t going to be in too bad an area. I marvelled at the Skyline as it fell into view and I inherited that famous New York Gawp I had heard about. The cab made its way through the traffic, the driver reluctantly answering my many questions, he seemed bored to tears to be honest. I sat back in my seat and marvelled that I was finally here! Slowly but surely my cab pulled onto a residential street that actually was very pretty, considering it was still quite central. I pulled out my dollars and paid him, being sure to give him a tip as he pulled my luggage from the boot for me. 
I had a longing for Cal suddenly, as I felt exposed and vulnerable. He hadn’t been in touch before I left, telling me he was really shitty at goodbyes but that he would try the long distance thing. I sighed, pulling my suitcase up to the steps to the door that read 11A. I searched my phone once more, making sure I was pressing the correct buzzer. I waited patiently as I heard footsteps come towards the door. I gulped trying not to be nervous, this was after all, my new roomy. The door opened to reveal a very striking brunette with large brown eyes studying me. 
I stuck my hand out. ‘I’m Gretchen, from Winterburg? You must be…’ I racked my brain to recall her name. 
‘Nancy.’ She shook my hand limply and moved back so I could walk in, not offering to help at all. She wore black thigh high boots which left a gap of flesh between them and a long red shirt that hung over one shoulder. Her dark hair was poker straight and her lips were painted red. She closed the door behind me as I dragged my case in awkwardly. She folded her arms and sighed. ‘So we share the top floor.’ She eyed my bags. ‘There's no elevator so it's gonna be a struggle with your things.’ She reached into her pocket and pulled out a silver key. ‘This is yours. I will see you around.’ She turned on her heel and walked out of the door I had just come in. I closed my eyes and wished more than anything Cal was here. How the hell was I going to get this case to the top floor?! Why was my roommate such a bitch? She literally had waited to let me in then she had left, without offering to help. Urgh, was this what all New Yorkers were like? I gazed at the stairs, trying to think of a solution. My phone beeped and I felt my heart lurch when I saw it was Cal. 
‘Settling in ok? I miss you already.’ I felt tears prick my eyes as I imagined him back in Winterburg, in his cosy house all alone. He better be alone, I thought, texting him back quickly. 
‘Roommate isn’t too friendly. I have to get my case up three flights of stairs. Any suggestions?’ I tried to be jovial but I just sat on my suitcase. 
‘Leave it downstairs and pay someone to take it up for you later. Are you ok Raven?’  I laughed in spite of myself. That was so Cal. Pay someone to sort it for you. I started to type back my response as I heard footsteps come down the stairs. The guy had platinum blond hair, a shirt complete with a scarf and the tightest jeans I have ever seen. He glided past me and opened front door. I turned to see the guy from the airport beaming at me. ‘Hey it's you! Ooh are you my roomy?’
‘Erm no..I am sharing with Nancy? You have just missed her actually..’ I mumbled, looking at his case pointedly. ‘There are no elevators.’
The guy with the blond hair looked bored. ‘Floor 2. I’m Nicholas.’ Josh reached his hand out to which Nicholas shuddered. ‘I don't shake hands unfortunately. Germs.’ He sniffed and ran his hand through his perfect hair. I stared at his waist which must’ve been the width of my thigh. Wow. Josh laughed. 
‘You’re kidding me right? I'm sharing with a germ phobe. Brilliant.’ Nicholas glared at him. 
‘I am NOT a phobe of any kind. I just don’t like to take risks with strangers.’ I smiled secretly, aware that was the second time today Josh had been called a stranger. Nicholas looked at me disdainfully. ‘Are you going to sit on that until an elevator magically appears?’ I flushed, standing up quickly. ‘No. I am going to probably break my back getting it upstairs. But thank you for your concern.’ I found myself replying sarcastically. 
Nicholas’s eyebrows rose approvingly. ‘Oh, you have spirit. I like that.’ I glared at him. I wanted to dislike him but his demeanour had something about it I quite liked. 
Josh yawned. ‘Look curly, I can take it up for you. You can buy me some beers later. Deal?’ 
I felt myself smiling broadly. ‘Yes, deal. I cannot face this on my own, I hate being such a girl...but I really can’t do that. Thank you so much.’ I gushed. He nodded, his playful side suddenly replaced by a tired version. ‘No worries Curls. I got this.’ He reached down and carried my suitcase in one hand and his in the other. Nicholas and I met eyes and lifted our eyebrows up. ‘How noble of him. He must be very strong.’ Murmured Nicholas watching Josh as he walked up the stairs effortlessly. I was truly grateful as we followed him up the steep stairs. By the second floor I was completely out of breath and holding onto the railing for dear life. I heard my phone beep as I pulled it out. 
‘Raven, don’t tell me you are trying to drag that case up three flights of stairs…..’ I grinned as I typed back, 
‘No, someone else is doing it for me. Gretchen 1, NYC 0’ No sooner had I sent the text did a ping come straight back. I smiled knowingly. 
‘Who is he? Don’t forget, you are mine. I do NOT share.’ 
I heard Josh calling me from the floor above. ‘Curls! Come on I am not up here for my health.’ Nicholas had disappeared in to his room. I followed the direction of the stairs, legs protesting. I made it to the top floor and gasped. 
Josh eyed me carefully. ‘Are you ok? You really need to get fit. You are gonna be doing this at least twice a day?!’ I pulled out my key and ignored his comment, rolling my eyes. 
‘Thankyou Josh. I owe you.’ 
The door swung open and Josh pulled my case in for me. ‘There you are my lady. Right, I will meet you on the second floor at 7. You owe me those beers. Ask your roomy to come. Is she hot?’ He looked at me wickedly. 
‘Stupidly actually. Really hot.’ I shrugged walking into the apartment. 
‘Yeah?’ Josh looked interested. ‘Definitely bring her. Laters baby.’ He tipped an imaginary hat and smiled as he backed out of the door closing it softly behind him. I walked into the main room and saw a mustard sofa with cream throws and cushions tossed over it casually. The floor was natural wood, the windows were bay fronted and overlooked the street. It was open plan so the kitchen was tiny, a coffee machine and a hob dominated the small side. I smiled to myself and squealed. Omg I am in NEW YORK CITY! I opened a door and saw a small but tidy bathroom, complete with a mirror over the basin and a shower in the corner. I walked on and saw what must be Nancy’s room, it screamed her. Black sheets on the bed and a blood red chair in the shape of lips. There was a floor length mirror with fairy lights hanging over it with make up on the floor in front of it. I could smell her perfume and imagined she had zero problems with me smelling and looking as she did. I moved along and opened the door to what was clearly to be my room. The bed was in front of the three large windows with a bedside table on each side. A lamp sat on each table, and along the side of the wall near the bed I saw a wardrobe. A desk was on the other side, with room for my books and my laptop. I loved it! I pulled my case in, and started to put my things away. My phone rang and I saw it was Cal. 
‘I wasn’t joking.’ I heard his voice and my insides melted. I fell backwards onto the bed. 
‘I know. His name is Josh and he was kind enough to bring it up to my room for me. He is probably going to be more interested in my roomy than me, so please don’t worry. I just owe him some beers.’ I twirled with my hair, remembering Josh calling me ‘curly’ and thought I would leave that bit out. ‘Your roommate cannot be hotter than you. Although I am praying she actually is. Are you coming back yet?’ I heard the longing in his voice. 
‘No, I ‘m not qualified yet.’ I teased.
‘So what’s your plans city girl?’ He asked curiously. 
‘Well Josh said I owe him some beers so he is going to come here at 7. He wants to meet my hot roomy.’ 
There was silence on the other end and I laughed nervously. 
‘I have to get to know people baby….’
Silence. I rolled my eyes. This was ridiculous.
‘Cal?’ 
‘Yeah? Listen, be safe. Don’t be on your own with him. Ok? Don’t trust anyone. I love you.’ With that he hung up and I started at my phone in surprise. I get that he is jealous but what did he expect me to do? Not speak to anyone? I sat up and hugged my knees. I had no idea where we were heading tonight but I should probably get a shower and get ready. It was 5pm now. 
New York City waits for no one. 
By seven I was dressed and ready for wherever the night was going to take me. Nancy still wasn't back so I imagined Josh was going to be disappointed. I had jeans on with a silk grey top that tied at the neck and bottom of my back. I left my apartment, feeling slightly nervous as I made my way down to the second floor. I knocked on the door of Josh & Nicholas apartment and smiled as the door opened to reveal Josh. He whistled and ran his hand through his hair. 
'Looking good Curls.' I rolled my eyes and told him my name was Gretchen to which he shrugged. He looked behind me hopefully and I laughed. 
'She hasn't come home. Sorry....' We heard the entrance door slam as our eyes met. 'Ooh...' I teased as we watched the staircase curiously. Sure enough it was Nancy. But she wasn't alone. An older man followed her in a suit with his tie loosened, his salt and pepper hair loose. Nancy stopped and I smiled as I introduced her to Josh and Nicholas, who had peered over Josh's shoulder to see the new arrivals. I stepped back as Josh stepped forward, totally unfazed by the man by Nancy’s side. Nancy eyed him appreciatively, taking in his muscular body and all American good looks. 'I'm Josh. You must be Curlys roomy.' Nancy raised her eyebrow at me then looked back at Josh. 
'Have you anything to drink in there?' She walked past him into his apartment, to which he smiled wickedly, following her. The man in the suit smiled and I looked at him awkwardly. 
'I'm Tate, Nancy's brother.' His voice was deep and masculine, but friendly. Unlike his sister I noted. I smiled. 
'I'm Gretchen. Nancy’s roomy.' His eyes twinkled. 
'Lucky you.' He laughed sarcastically and I laughed with him. 'Shall we follow?' He gestured into the room behind me. I jumped, laughing. 
'Yes, better than congregating in the hallway....' I felt nervous as I noticed his eyes on mine a beat longer than they should've been. 
We followed into the apartment to find Nancy and Josh doing shots. Josh beckoned us over and I looked at Tate and Nicholas who looked as uncomfortable as I did. 
'To NYC!' Shouts Josh, raising his shot. He nodded to the table where many other shot glasses lay full. Tate shrugged and leant over, picking one up for me and one for him. Nicholas grimaced as Nancy pushed one into his hands. We all knocked it back, and I began to cough. What the hell was that vile liquid? Josh laughed, handing me another. I shook my head, no way was I having another of those. 
'You owe me little lady. One more!' I met his eyes and sighed. I was a student after all. 
 
I woke to beaming sunlight in my face. I blinked, shielding my eyes. Urgh. My head hurt. And my mouth felt like it was filled with cotton wool. I glanced around the room, looking for my phone. It was strange waking up to my new bedroom, but even so I was happy to have made it home in one piece. We didn’t even make it out the apartment last night, instead we ordered pizza and sat drinking. It was quite enjoyable but today I was meant to be looking for a job. I felt so sick and wondered again what those shots were. I needed water. I groaned as I swung my legs out of bed, I really needed to pick up some blinds. I opened my door to see Tate laying on the sofa in a pair of navy joggers, his top half bare. I averted my eyes and cleared my throat so he knew I was there and could pull a top on or something. He tilted his head and smiled. 
‘Good morning. What a night eh?’ 
I nodded and walked over to the tap, pouring water into a mug from the draining board. I drank it gratefully before pouring another. I walked over to the sofa, tapping Tate’s legs so he could make room. He sat up and stretched. The buzzer went off and I looked at Tate who shrugged as though to say he didn’t know how to answer it either. We both laughed as I saw Nancy come out of her room and press the buzzer angrily. ‘Who is it?’ She hissed. The reply was muffled as she rolled her eyes and allowed the stray inside the building. She only had her underwear on and make up was smeared all over her face as she stomped back to bed. Tate and I started laughing, trying not to let her hear us. ‘Coffee?’ Tate asked, getting up to make his way to the kitchen. I felt strangely at ease, and reached for my phone. Nothing from Cal. I checked my calls and it seemed I had called him last night, twice. He hadn’t answered though. I missed him so much, so I thought I would call him later. Really odd of him to not answer my calls though. I studied Tate and wondered what his story was. He was older than us for sure, definitely in his thirties. He walked over, handing me a mug of steaming hot coffee. I moaned appreciatively and sipped it. Suddenly there was a knock on our door, and I realised that whoever Nancy had let in had finally managed the stairs. Tate stood and walked to the door, peering through the spy hole. 
‘Looks like another of my sisters admirers.’ He said drily and I laughed as he opened the door. I curled my legs under me and watched as Tate greeted the guest. I almost dropped my coffee when I saw Cal standing in front of me. He was taking in the scene- Tate half dressed, me with wild messy hair dressed in my nightwear- then back to Tate, then me. I stood, putting my coffee on the table. 
‘Cal?’ I murmured, in shock. He studied me for a minute, a frown on his face as his eyes met mine. 
‘Am I interrupting something?’ It was said so softly I almost didn’t hear him. My eyes widened and flew to Tate who looked as puzzled as I was. At that moment Nancy came out of her room heading for the bathroom. She left her door open and there in her bed was a very content Josh. 
‘Sup Curls!’ He called.
Cal turned back to me, looking at me with anger in his eyes. 
‘No, it's not what it looks like.’ I said, desperately looking at Tate for help. He leaned against the counter, arms folded as his watched Cal, clearly refusing to help the situation. WHY?!
‘Tate, this is Cal, my boyfriend. Cal this is Tate, my roommate’s brother.’ I babbled as fast as I could. My god he was so beautiful I felt my body screaming for his. Cal walked towards me, taking me in his arms. When our lips met I felt like I was finally home. He pulled away from me slightly and his green eyes burned into mine.
 ‘God I’ve fucking missed you.’ He picked me up and my legs wrapped around his waist as he kiss me deeply.
I kissed him back, my tongue exploring his mouth urgently as his hands cupped my ass. 
‘So, you are who woke me up.’ I heard Nancy say. We broke apart and Cal turned to see who was talking. 
‘Looks like it. So you are Nancy.’ I frowned. I didn’t recall telling him her name. She beamed at him. ‘That’s right. The one and only.’ I saw a smile play at the corners of Cal’s mouth and I felt a twinge of annoyance. Did he like her? It was obvious she liked him. Josh leant in the doorway of her room, clearly coming to claim his woman. ‘I’m Josh, good to meet you erm…’ 
Cal nodded at him, ‘Cal. You too. I owe you a thank you for helping Gretchen with her case last night. I take it that was you?’ Cal eyed him suspiciously. I snaked my arm around his waist and snuggled close to his chest, hearing the familiar heart beating. 
‘Yeah it's cool. Nancy thanked me actually.’ He winked and Cal laughed in understanding. Nancy glared at Josh. 
‘Urgh. My brother is standing right there. And you can leave now.’ She walked past him into her bedroom, closing the door behind her. Josh stared at the door in shock. 
‘Wow. She was MUCH friendlier last night.’ He laughed awkwardly. ‘Guys I’m beat. I’m gonna hit the hay. Nice to meet you, Cal.’ He nodded at Cal and Tate as he left. Cal turned back to me. 
‘Where were we?’ He smiled as he leant down, kissing me softly. I pulled away and glanced at Tate who was still in the same position, sipping his coffee. 
‘Come to my room.’ Cal smiled at Tate. 
‘The ladies wish is my command man, what can I say?’ We went into my room, pulling the door shut behind us. I couldn’t believe he was here, in New York! I kissed him so much my tongue actually hurt. We fell into bed and he leant above me. ‘Only you could make me come back to this fucked up city.’ He kissed me in between words, driving me insane. My body arched towards him, begging for him to just take me. 
He trailed kisses down my stomach as he pushed my underwear down with his tongue. 
‘I didn’t like what I saw when I walked in, Gretchen.’ His eyes met mine as my body shook with anticipation. 
‘What?!’ I gasped as he kissed me further down. 
‘You’re mine, and I don't fucking like him.’ His tongue licked my clit as he slid my underwear off with his long fingers. I almost screamed there and then the electric shot I felt inside when he did that was incredible. 
‘Who do you belong to Gretchen?’ His tongue flicked again as he sucked and played with my clit. My hands pulled at his hair and I tried to find my voice. He slipped his tongue all the way from the top to the bottom of my sex, before slowly easing his finger inside of me. My body arched and lost any grip on reality. He pumped his finger in and out of me, as I gasped. He sat up, loosening his belt as he gazed down at me. 
‘Gretchen? Who. Do. You-’ He entered me roughly, causing me to moan loudly. He thrusted hard, pulling my hair back as he gazed into my eyes, pausing as i clawed at his back. ‘Belong to?’
‘You.’ I gasped as the thrusts got deeper and faster, his mouth on my neck.
‘Say it again. Say it.’ His voice commanded. I would have said anything in the world at that point but I meant it. 
‘You. You Cal, you!’ I was shouting now but I didn’t care. I could feel my body building up to the point of explosion. His mouth met mine and I felt him release, deeply inside of me at the same time i gasped, my body shaking and shuddering underneath this amazing man. He breathed heavily, still inside me. He kissed me slowly and I wanted him so much it hurt. 
‘Don’t leave me. Please.’ I begged him softly. He raised his eyes to look at me, rolling away from me. I pulled my underwear onto my legs from the bottom of the bed as he slid his boxers on. He ran his fingers down my back as I lay beside him. He was my everything. 
‘You left me if I recall?’ He teased. I closed my eyes and wrapped my arms around him. Maybe if I held him tight enough, he wouldn’t go. 
‘Why are you here?’ I whispered, looking up at him. He kissed my swollen lips and softly bit them. 
‘Other than the obvious? I fucking love you. I can’t be away from you. If you are in New York, so am I.’ our mouths met again. 
‘But…. I will be living here. You have a house in Winterburg...how will it work? We said long distance- you said you couldn’t be in New York.’ 
He leant back on his arm, looking at me happily. 
‘Thing is Gretchen.’ I felt myself shudder when he said my name. Will this man ever cease to have an effect on me the way he does? ‘I want to be with you. You want to be here, so I am here. Last night you called me when I was at the airport. You were drunk, and I couldn’t bear the thought of dirty bastards taking advantage of your innocence.’ He growled, looking towards the door, clearly indicating Tate. 
I shook my head. ‘No, he’s not-’ Cal silenced me by pushing his finger that onto my lips. 
‘If not him, it will be countless others. I am not fucking sharing you. You wanna be a student? Do it. But I want to be able to protect you and I can’t do that from Winterburg baby.’
I stared at him. ‘What are you saying?’ 
He smiled lazily. ‘I’m saying, shall we do New York together? I have sold the house in Winterburg, I can move here.’
I panicked at the mention of his house in Winterburg, remembering the reason I could never go there again. He sold it?! How did I not know this?!
‘Verno?’ I asked him, my eyes meeting his, my heart pounding. 
Cal kissed my fingers, something he had done since the day we met. My body tingled as I ran my hands through his hair.
‘I think I have redeemed myself in his eyes. He took care of the body. He isn’t a friend, but he doesn’t want me dead anymore.’ 
Relief coursed through my body. This meant Cal could stay in New York. Excitement ran through my veins. I sat up like a kid on Christmas morning and Cal watched me with a bemused expression on his beautiful face. 
‘Seriously?’ I breathed, staring at him in adoration. 
‘Seriously.’ He laughed. ‘On one condition.’ 
I met his eyes with mine, prepared to do anything to be with this perfect man forever. ‘Anything.’ I said confidently. 
‘You call me Leo.’ I fell onto him, kissing him all over his face.
 ‘Deal.’ His mouth met mine and I realised that whatever his name, he would always be my moody Cal. I would always be his and he would always be Mine. 
 
THE END  





 
 









 
 







 


