

"Victor Merkel has created a real page turner.
__A great read!
___I highly recommend it."
____Shirley Ernst, winnebago county reader




Misery Mountain
Victor Merkel
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2009 Victor Merkel




Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





MISERY MOUNTAIN
by Victor Merkel




Chapter 1
 "God damn, you shot them in the woods. Didn't you?" He opened his closet door, turned around and stared at me with steel blue eyes, his face red and twisted, as he pointed to the shotguns inside.
 A frothy, prickly feeling swept over me. My breathing grew distorted and burdened. A sense of doom overwhelmed me. He'd found out my secret. I wanted to shrink, run to a safe place and hide.
 "I'm sorry for taking them," I whispered. "Murray, Bobby and I just wanted to target practice. We didn't."
 "What the hell's wrong with you, boy?" he ranted in a foul, grinding voice, before I could finish. Didn't I tell you to stay away from those guns?"
 He cocked his fist and smashed it into my face. I catapulted through the air, landing on my back. My senses reeled - fear, anger and pain intertwined as he towered over me, a look of raw hatred on his mug.
 I reached up to rub at the wet feeling from my nose and pulled back fingers covered in red. Part of me wanted to hit back. Yet my conscience reasoned, take your punishment. As I struggled to get up, drops of blood fell to the floor in a speckled array.
 Repulsed, I muttered, "It'll never happen again."
 The color in Pop's face returned to its normal, sun beaten, leathered tan.
 "Damn right," he responded in a cold, stern voice. "After I sell those guns, at least you won't be able to shoot your fool head off."
 Pop stepped back but assumed the position of a prize fighter, ready for the next round. I braced to be knocked down again before getting my bearings. Instead, he watched me like a panther contemplating its prey. Once on my feet, I looked him in the eye and sensed his rage had come to an end.
 As if in a disturbing dream, I walked past the gnarled old man I called father and traipsed down the hallway. I wiped at the pain, leaving a red streak on my sleeve.
 Entering the bedroom, I unbuttoned my shirt and threw it into an old hamper. I grabbed a fresh one from the top drawer of my dresser and went through the motions of tucking it in. The events of the last few minutes started to wash over me. I cursed under my breath and bristled with anger.
 How could he treat me like this? I would have given anything to go shooting with Pop instead of my friends. Yet he always found himself too busy or tired to spend time with me. We lived like strangers in the same house. What had I done to offend him? Questions. Questions but no answers.
 Entering the stairway, I walked down to the kitchen. Mom seemed busy washing morning's dishes at the white porcelain sink. Her worn and faded summer dress hung loose, hiding the bruises she'd endured over and over as long as I could remember. Mom's brown hair, neatly combed, fell just short of her shoulders, framing a grim face and Roman nose, broken from some long ago encounter.
 Walking closer, I noticed her red, puffy eyes. At that moment, I realized Mom had been crying. My mother must have heard everything. She looked at the dried blood on my face and daubed it with a wet towel. Then Mom returned to the dirty cups and saucers immersed in the soapy solution.
 She muttered to herself at a rapid pace while shaking her head back and forth. "It's not right. It's not right. God, please help us get through one more day and?."
 I struggled to hear more but couldn't understand anything as she went into a state of existence in some other place. The, some other place, I had seen her go before. With glazed eyes, staring into space, she could leave her agony, if only for a moment.
 My stomach knotted with sadness. Feeling helpless. All jumbled together when I saw Mom?.lost. Despair pulled me close, to try and save her, yet I feared her soul could vanish in an instant, leaving me alone. I wrapped my arms around her and held on tight. "I'll be okay, Mom."
  She looked up at me with hazel eyes, a pained expression on her face. "I know he can act like a bastard and seems angry all the time. It doesn't excuse your father one iota but the world turned sour on him a long time ago. And we've all paid a price for it."
 "You're right about one thing, Mom. I'll never forgive him."
 "Don't fret about what you can't control, dear. Just?go wash up and try to stay out of his way for the rest of the morning."
                                                            ****
 As I splashed water on my face, from a small sink behind the kitchen, thoughts raced back to an earlier time. I played with toys in the front yard by the east fence line. Mom had washed several loads of laundry and hung them out to dry on the line. Running out of rope, she'd draped one of the bed sheets over a bush in front of the house.
 Sometime late morning, Pop had returned home early from a bricklaying job. He came up the driveway and parked his 1938 Chevy, motor still running, in the middle of the driveway. Slamming the door with all his might, cursing non-stop, he bounded to where Mom stood. He stopped in front of her, yelling all the while. "You bitch! Get the god damn bed sheet off that bush!"
 He'd raised his arm high in the air. His open hand smacked her loudly across the face. As her body recoiled, she stood there, stunned at what had just happened. A moment later, she ran to the house, crying, while I could only stare at my father, unbelieving and afraid to move or say anything, lest he take his rage out on me too.
                                                            ****
 Now, eleven years later, I understood the depth of pain Mom had endured.
 Every day after, I embraced a bitter brew of love and hate that simmered below the surface. Although we tried to achieve some level of harmony, Mom and I waited, anticipating the next skirmish.
 The only beacon of light in our world took the form of letters from my brother Miles in Japan. Mom looked out the window, watching our carrier stuff a handful of mail in the box, set on a post next to the blacktop. She walked past our rusted water pump to the front yard and picked them up. Treading back to the house, Mom sorted through the envelopes, one by one and after a moment stopped. With a smile on her face, Mom opened one and exclaimed, "It's from Miles."
 She read to me how my older brother and his wife, Betty, settled near the Army base in Osaka. After Mom read the letter, I sat down with my note pad and wrote to them.
Dear Miles and Betty:
 We received your letter today. I'd do anything to get away from here and visit but I just started tenth grade. Any idea when you will be coming home? Mom misses you. Well, I do too.
 Paul sent a note several weeks ago. He still works on C150 cargo planes and electronics at the air base in Frankfurt, Germany.
 Buck dropped by on Sunday. He drove his new Dodge with the big fins. Sure looks fancy.
 Nothing has changed with Pop. He lays brick all day then comes home and pulls weeds in the garden until dark. Thank God.
 Don't worry about Mom. I'll take care of her.
 Please write soon.

Chapter 2
 Life settled into a nauseating routine of school and home. I obsessed about finding a reason, any kind of purpose, for my existence.
 When summer arrived, I helped Pop in the garden. We planted, hoed, pulled weeds and harvested a multitude of fruits and vegetables consuming the back yard.
 One of his favorites, scallions, required little maintenance and grew in abundance. I loaded them into a wheelbarrow then Pop stripped the outer hull and cut off the bottom. We tied the skinny onions, as I called them, in bundles of 25 and stacked them in a wicker basket.
 Peddling door-to-door, I started with the neighbors and worked my way into the valley. When all the bundles sold, I walked home, my basket filled with nickels, dimes and quarters. Dumping the money on our kitchen table, Pop counted out half and left the rest for me.
 Although my father and I reached an agreement to sell vegetables from our garden, I couldn't have known it only played a small role in the crusades yet to unfold.
 In spite of hating this man, I also loved him. Ignoring all else, he embodied the qualities of a brave and fearless champion.
                                                            ****
 So often, my thoughts drifted back to 1952. We had just finished listening to the radio on a Saturday morning when Pop received a call from Kipe Construction. A large stone had fallen off the Keystone apartment complex in Tamaqua. No other bricklayer would take the work. Without hesitation, he volunteered.
 "Vance, get your coat. We're going on a job."
 He packed his bricklaying case in the back of the Sky Blue, 1947 Chevy and headed for town. When we pulled up to the apartment building, we noticed a small crowd milling around the site. They watched with interest as Pop hauled trowels, brick hammers, joint strikers and numerous other tools from the trunk.
 "You stay out here on the street, Vance."
 My father walked inside and several minutes later appeared at an open window, eight stories up. The scaffold looked small from the street. Pop crawled onto the fragile wooden structure without any safety harness, only his trowel and a small pile of lime and sand on the mortar board.
 Pop grabbed a small can of water, poured some onto the cement and mixed them together. Two men inside handed him a large stone as the scaffold flexed under its weight. My father stood up and troweled the mud into a hole over the window. His body strained as he reached down to lift the shaped granite.
 He gripped the stone and fought to stand up. Seconds later, it slipped from his grasp and crashed to the fragile scaffold. Dust puffed into the air as the granite almost rolled off the loose boards, into the river below.
 Pop fell to his knees and stared, first at the stone and then the gaping hole where it came from. It seemed like an eternity. Then all of a sudden, he jerked the stone up into the opening in one quick movement.
  My father completed filling in the cracks and struck the joints. As Pop started packing up his tools; he looked down for the first time. Our eyes connected. I think he observed the proud look on my face.
 I exclaimed to a girl standing on the sidewalk, "That's my Pop."
                                                            **** 
 July bristled with heat, the sun beat down without mercy as we tended the garden each day.
 Pop harped, "Pull every weed and hoe them beans all the way around, boy. Our survival depends on every plant in this garden. These fruits and vegetables get us through winter."
 On one of the scorchers, we stopped for lunch and headed toward the house. As we rested at our time-worn oak table in the kitchen, the phone rang.
 Mom answered and several minutes later wiped tears from her eyes.
 "Walter, you better take it. Bill Miller has bad news."
 Pop looked puzzled as he pushed away from the table and walked to the 1930's style wall telephone.
 "What the hell? I haven't talked to the Millers since leaving their place in 1910, just after becoming an apprentice bricklayer."
 My father didn't say much, he listened with an occasional yep and ok. However, Pop's face looked pained and his eyes watered. I never saw him like that before. My father seemed on the verge of crying for a brief moment but then Pop shook his head and the familiar hard expression came back.
 "The old man can burn in hell," my father rasped as he hung up the telephone.
 Mom shook her head. "He deserves to rest in peace. Let him be, for God's sake."
 Walking back to the table, Pop sat across from me. He leaned forward, jaw set, eyes squinting.
 "Your grandfather, Charles, passed away last night. You should know the truth about him. He had never accomplished anything worthwhile, worked as a baker for a couple years then jumped from job to job the rest of his life. According to the Millers, Charles died a drunken pauper in the lousy downtown halfway house in Allentown.
 "His second wife kicked him out years ago, she didn't want him. Neither did I. We won't be going to his funeral.
 "I let him know where he stood with me when your brother Buck came into this world. Back in 1924, I took him to see the bastard.
 "Baby Buck lay in the front seat next to me as I pulled my 1921 Ford up to Norton Apartments on Willow Street in Allentown. The neighborhood looked run down with garbage on the sidewalk, windows boarded over and unshaven, long haired men looking like gangsters congregated on the street corner.
 "I gazed up and down the street several times before stepping out with baby. Entering the front door of Norton Apartments, I walked into a lobby with aged rosewood panels and cheap wrought iron chandelier. Several frowzy old men looked up from their newspapers and gave me the once over. When I appeared to offer no threat, they went back to browsing their tabloids.
 "A set of wobbly stairs lie at the far end of the vestibule; marked with a small sign - ROOMS 20 to 25. I paused for a moment to get my composure, clutched tight to Buck, then climbed, step by step, to the top.
 "Looking down the shadowy hallway, I started walking with caution while my nostrils inhaled a musty smell of neglect.
 "After several tense moments, I found apartment 24. Knocking on the portal several times, I heard the creaking of footsteps on the other side. My old man, thin, unshaven, with jumbled hair, opened the door. Our eyes met as we scrutinized each other with somber faces.
 "I told Charles he looked like hell. A strong hint, I knew he started drinking again. My old man didn't deny it but blamed me for not calling ahead. After settling our initial grievances at the transom he asked me to come in.
 "Cradling Buck in my arms, I walked to a small living area. Old wallpaper, grimy and loose at the corners emphasized the despair in his place. A clump of chewed carpeting revealed mice had found their way to a warm spot near the radiator.
 "Charles sat on a dusty brown chair next to an end table. I perched on an overstuffed couch next to the front window where light flooded the room.
 "The old man stared at the small bundle in my arms. I asked if he wanted to hold his grandson.
 "Although Charles seemed timid about the whole thing, he agreed.
 "I handed my first baby boy to the arms of the man who had abandoned me years ago. He rocked him back and forth while I watched, as if the three of us had a normal relationship.
 "He asked what I decided to name the baby. My old man seemed pleased and pained when I told him - Jr., Walter Charles Remke, Jr.
 "Charles started talking about how bad he felt for the early years I spent in an orphanage and then with the Millers after my Mama died.
 "He rambled on saying he just wanted me to stay with my grandparents in Spinnerstown until he could get on his feet but they could only afford to take in my sister, Mary.
 "My old man tried to tell me he understood how tough it must have been, growing up without Mary after she died. How the hell could he begin to know anything? Charles ripped my heart out when he took her away from me?
 "Then he went into a tirade about how he screwed up all our lives. He apologized for being an alcoholic and never getting his life together.
 "Charles babbled on and on how he loved my mother and sister. I only agreed with one thing, he bought Mama the best tombstone money could buy. Fancy Italian marble, it should last forever.
 "After Charles stopped talking, I noticed him swiping at tears while rocking Walter Jr. in his arms. We sat in silence while the world outside went about its business.
 "An eternity passed before I stood up and reached for my child. Charles handed the small new life back to me with a strange look on his face. My guess, a realization, he failed everyone, me, Mary and my mother.
 "I told him Buck needed a noon feeding and nap soon. We walked out the front door and into the hall. I faced my old man and asked him if he enjoyed the visit with his grandson.
 "Before he could answer, I grated the words slow and steady so he understood - it would be the last time he'll ever see him.
 "Charles fell apart and begged me to forgive him. Without a word, I turned my back and started walking down the narrow hallway. Before entering the stairway, I glanced at my father as he fell to his knees, sobbing, out of control.
 "Reaching the lobby, I could still hear his pathetic cries until the front door closed behind me.
 Pop gritted his teeth and sat quiet for a few moments then looked at me.
 "Now you know why we never talk about him in this house. The old man got every ounce of pain he deserved."
 My father reached out and grabbed his fedora, smacking it against his leg as if loaded with dust. Before I could say a word he trod out the front door, lighting a Camel on the way.
 I felt sad for my grandfather, a stranger to me. My gut tied in knots thinking of Pop ripping away his own humanity, no forgiveness for Charles or chance to know him.  My father clutched at his hate and anger, holding it close to his chest, making us all pay a terrible price.

Chapter 3
 The school bus wound its way eastward on New England Valley Road headed for Tamaqua High School. As we descended a steep incline, I looked at our town's black, ugly mountains.
 I still remember Pop grumbling, "Those damn earth moving trucks dumped tons of black slag from the top of Tamaqua's mountains, killing everything in its path."
 Our transportation turned left onto Owrigsburg Street, navigating the bumpy macadam to school, which perched on the south west side of town in the middle of a residential area. We sprang off the shuttle next to the fire station and entered the brick, two story building.
 The corridors buzzed with raucous talk as I walked to morning study hall. Sitting on the right side of the room about half way back, I expected a boring morning until the principal called our teacher to his office.
 Unnoticed by most of the class, Joe Blatt pulled a jock strap out of his gym bag. Without looking back, he flung it high over his head to the rear of the room. It landed almost dead center on the top of Jane Moley's head. She screamed but didn't move, appearing panic-stricken, afraid to touch it. One of her girlfriends grabbed the sweaty strap and threw it in a garbage can. As the end of the period bell rang, the class rolled in laughter, much to the expense of Jane.
 As I headed to English 101, Ron Keler pulled up beside me.
 "Hey Vance, what do you plan on doing this summer?"
 "I don't know. Maybe work for my Pop as a bricklayer's helper."
 "Did ya hear? They pay one fifty an hour over at some of the wildcat coal mines east of town. It sounds a lot better than anything at the mills."
 "One fifty an hour. Wow. I'd be earning more than Kenny, who works full time, over at the auto parts store.
 "With summer coming in a few months, I want to earn five hundred bucks to buy a used Chevy. I plan to get my driver's license by February of next year."
 Daydreaming through class, I envisioned myself getting one of those jobs. The rest of the day my head filled with thoughts of cruising Main Street with my own car.
 When school let out at three thirty, I walked a quarter mile through inclined streets to the downtown area. I had promised to meet my girlfriend, Reese, at the 5-point diner on Route 309.
 The restaurant shined with polished aluminum panels on the outside and a massive lighted sign on the roof. I opened a large glass door in front and walked down the aisle until I saw her at the last booth.
 Sliding into the seat, I wrapped my arm around Reese and kissed her sweet and yielding lips. We engaged in small talk about school, classmates, roller skating, dances, oblivious to the people around us until I heard a familiar voice.
 Classmate Darryl Grainger exclaimed, "Hey guys, did you hear about the flying jock strap at first period study hall?"
 Darryl, followed by Ron Keler loaded into a booth in front of us.
 I responded, "Heard hell. I saw it happen. Joe is going to get a big detention slip for that one."
 Darryl chuckled, "Ron tells me you want to work for one of the mines this summer."
 "I might be thinking about it."
 Reese didn't say a word but I could feel her disapproval. She hated the mines and the haggard old men, covered in coal silt that walked up Mauch Chunk Street on her way home from school.
 "Well, you couldn't get me to mine coal. Too hard and dirty", Darryl boasted.
 "Yeah, but it pays more than working for my Pop as a bricklayer's helper", I reasoned.
 I felt Reese pinch me on the leg, hard, my queue to change the subject.
 Ron pitched in, "Would your Pop be okay with you bootlegging?"
 "Maybe?.Hey, I could go for something to eat. How about you guys?"
 We bought Cokes, fries and hamburgers with tons of catsup, ate our fill then headed for Route 309 Rink. With rented skates we hung out together and bopped to rock and roll music. Surrounded by Reese and my friends, nothing could touch us. But unknown to me, by day's end, I would tread down a path to change my life forever.
 When evening arrived, I walked Reese up the hill, past St. Joe's Church, to her red-brick house. We sneaked onto the porch and kissed, ignoring the neighbors and even her parents inside.
 Time drifted by, enjoying the sweetness of her company, and only with great reluctance, took my leave. "Reese. I should be getting home."
 She grabbed my shirt and pulled me near.
 "Don't forget. You need to fill out an application at some of the stores downtown. A lot of the kids plan to work at Rexall for the summer. Do it for me, please."
 "Sure Reese. But I haven't made up my mind about anything yet. Besides, whatever I pick, it'll just be for three months."
 "You promise to apply, soon?"
 "Hey, I will. I will. Promise."
  With one last heady kiss, I said good night and sauntered back down the hill. I planned to hitch a ride home with Mr. Michek, an old miner, who could be found at the Brine Bar on the south side of town, just about any evening.
  As I reached the Brine and stepped through their open door, I could smell a strong odor of beer and cigarettes. Mirrors lined the room which made it seem twice its actual size. The bar curved into a large U, occupying most of the room except for some small tables in the corners.
 Beer tap controls dominated most of the middle counter and a bartender, blonde, shapely, maybe twenties, seemed busy serving drinks. The jukebox played loud, raspy ballads and competed with the muted, pulsating voices of the patrons.
 Miners and other blue collar locals crowded the bar. Some of the men engaged in intimate conversation with overdressed women in tight skirts and gaudy jewelry. The gossipers in school said these whores could be bought for $100. They looked out of place from the other females dressed in old faded Levi's and dirty sneakers.
 I stopped for a moment, in awe, to see Cassie Hanks sitting at the bar, a large draft of ale in front of her. She attended the same school and sat in identical classes as me which made her underage to be drinking beer.
 To my surprise, she allowed some bearded, unkempt old guy to put his hands all over her though when Cassie saw me she pushed him away. The degenerate said, "Go to hell," grabbed his beer and bothered one of the harlots at the other end of the bar.
 She grabbed her drink and walked over by me. Cassie appeared to look embarrassed about my unexpected presence.
 "Hi, Vance. What brings you in here?"
 I could have said to mind your own business but answered anyway.
 "I want to catch a ride with Mr. Michek. Cassie, this place reeks of trouble. Why would you want to spend any time here?"
 "Well, I, uh, live across the street."
 Cassie nodded at an old woman engaged in conversation with the bartender. The haggard female looked foreboding with hunched over shoulders and dark bags under her eyes.
 "My Mom and I come here all the time."
 She never answered my question and I didn't care enough to press the issue. I just wanted a ride home.
 "Cassie, I have to go. See you at school"
 "Yeah. I guess so. Bye."
 I spied Mr. Michek sitting at the end of the bar, waving his hand at me. I worked my way through the cigarette smoke and crowded tables.
 "Vance, come on over here. Hell, you must have grown four inches since last year, a few more and you'll be tall as me.
 I couldn't help staring at his clothes, bathed in black.
 "Hey, you can't stay clean when you shovel coal silt all day."
 He took one long draw off a hand rolled cigarette and ran his hand through uncombed salt and pepper hair.
 "Hi, Mr. Michek. Will you be going to the valley soon?"
 He looked down at his half glass of ale.
 "Yes, I should have left about five beers ago. Mama will raise the roof if she has supper waiting on me too long."
 I stood there, shuffling back and forth, while he gulped down his drink and threw some change on the bar. Following him out to the parking lot, I climbed into the passenger seat of his black, 1947 Chevy Sedan. Not surprising, the floor reeked of damp coal silt and the upholstery looked ragged and filthy.
 As we pulled out of the parking lot, Mr. Michek asked, "So, tell me Vance, do you like school?"
 Bewildered he even had an interest, I answered, "Yes. I just started tenth grade."
 After a long pause, he surprised me, "Well, you best earn good grades so you can get out of this place. Most of the mines shut down and the town doesn't have work for anybody. Only two kinds of people live here, folks who can't leave and those getting ready to abandon this hopeless place. The rest, including my son, have already gone.
 "I should have headed for West Virginia back in the '40s, after the big mines shut down. But, it doesn't help anybody to fester on the past."
 His old Chevy wound its way up the mountain and into the valley past clap board and brick houses occupied by neighbors I knew since my earliest recollection. Minutes later, I saw my father's house.
 "You can drop me right there," pointing at the two story, cinder block and brick building with a semi-circular Quonset roof.
 He hit the brakes and pulled to a stop on my side of the road. Before getting out, I confronted him.
 "Mr. Michek, school will be out soon and I need a summer job. Do you have any work at your mine?"
 "Well, that depends. Have you ever bootlegged coal? I mean the dark world of illegal mining on state land."
 "No, but I have experience digging and shoveling. I helped my Pop dredge a hole for our septic tank and excavated a basement."
 "Well, mining can be a thousand times more dangerous with guaranteed filthy work. Could you live with those conditions?"
 "Yes sir. I think so."
 "Good. Bootlegging doesn't tolerate the weak or fearful.
 "I don't compete with the big mines because my coal sells by the bag not per ton. Most of my customers tend to be dirt poor. They live from week to week. I pay a buck thirty an hour and forty percent of the profit on every bag sold."
 Hesitating, I mulled it over in my head, then responded, "I hear the other wildcatters pay $1.50 an hour."
 "Yeah, but their help doesn't sell door to door. They just shovel coal all day.
 "Look, I've wanted to work an abandoned mine for the past year over on St. Mary's Mountain. My son, Jake, used to help me but he married an uppity girl from the east side of Tamaqua and moved to Philadelphia.
 "I can't get to the best part of the vein by myself. If we worked together, some nights and Saturdays, we might fill, maybe twenty bags. On Sundays, we could sell them to the needy people on the west side of Tamaqua.
 Before I climbed out of his car, Mr. Michek said, "Best I can offer would be one thirty five an hour. You think it over, Vance."
 I slammed the car door shut and looked through the open window, "I will, sir, thanks for the ride."

Chapter 4
 Walking into the living room, I noticed Pop sitting in his reclining chair, staring into space and deep lines of worry filled his forehead like furrows in a corn field.
 "We'll be taking a trip to Aunt Cleona's this weekend, boy. Pack some clothes and be ready to travel in the morning."
 Mom, Pop and I left before sunrise. The drive south through Harrisburg to Cumberland seemed foreboding. During the silence, I asked Pop why we set out on the trip in such a hurry. He seemed evasive, without a reasonable excuse. Something felt wrong.
 We arrived in front of Aunt Cleona's two story brick townhouse on Laing Avenue about eleven. The day put in an appearance - excellent with blue sky and warm air. However, my mood felt overcast and gloomy.
 Auntie greeted Mom and me as always, smothering us with kisses and attention. She welcomed Pop with a cordial, "Hello Walter." Those two never seemed to feel comfortable in each other's presence.
 We sat and talked about the benign things in our life, Pop's work, my three brothers and high school. As the conversation grew thin, Cleona asked Mom to help make lunch in the kitchen. I felt nervous and fidgety, sitting in the living room, alone with Pop. Several minutes later, Auntie rejoined us.
 "Walter. Thank you for coming right away so I can tell you about Bernice, face to face. I've kept a secret for several months now. You need to know the truth about your wife, my sister.
 "Just like you asked, I took Bernice to be evaluated by a psychiatrist while she visited in March."
 Tears fell down Auntie's face like flecks of spring rain. My heart sank watching her in obvious torment.
 "I don't know how to tell you. She stands on the edge of a precipice. The doctor says she suffers from acute depression and early stage dementia. He thinks the condition may have been triggered by traumatic events she endured throughout her life.
 "The psychiatrist doesn't offer any easy answers. Shock treatment, morphine, opium and a dozen other drugs offer no guarantees and might reduce her to little more than a zombie. It terrifies me but the doctor says any ordeal could drive her over the edge into a place where no one will be able to reach her."
 Pop sat there with a grim look on his face, unresponsive to anything Auntie said. Holding back tears, I tried to understand what this meant until anger started to ooze out the sides of my grief.
 I ranted, "Why didn't you tell me she came here to see a psychiatrist?"
 "Listen boy, your mother and I grappled with this for a long time. We decided to spare you the anguish."
 "Baloney! You should have let me know. I live in this family, too."
 The conversation ended as Mom came in from the kitchen.
 She barked, "Come and get some lunch, everybody."
 As we ate, I tried to sort it all out in my mind. What happens to Mom now? Everyone seemed to avoid talking about it in front of my mother. Maybe she already knew. I decided to wait until the ride home for my two cents worth.
 After lunch, Aunt Cleona took us on a tour of the city, visiting the shopping district and museums. Staying busy kept me from thinking about Mom too much, at least for the moment. I dreaded being alone with my thoughts.
 Since the trip back took about six hours, we stayed overnight. Next morning, at first light, we drove through the Appalachian Mountains of Central Pennsylvania.
 My thoughts recounted the first time I heard Mom in her bedroom, late at night, talking to someone, even though no other presence existed there. She rasped so loud we couldn't get to sleep.
 Buck threw a shoe against the wall and everything went silent. Later, she started up again in a much lower voice. I slipped out of bed, tip toed to her door and overheard two distinct voices coming from inside. I recognized Mom's voice but the other seemed husky and evil.
 "You bitch. I'll slit your throat from ear to ear."
 "No. You can't. God?..please have mercy on me."
 "Go ahead, cry, you little whore. I'll throw your body in the garbage."
 "Get out of my head. Ahhh. Stay away from me."
 I felt numb as the sinister voice continued to spew its curses and talk of violence and death.
 From my earliest memory, I knew Mom walked alone in a world of torment. But no one made it official. We wrote it off as Mom's quirky way. Now, bright sunlight had been cast and labeled her. My mother's days became laced with depression and at night she fought an enemy within.

Chapter 5
 Mom, Pop and I arrived back from our trip late Sunday afternoon. My father had refused to talk about Mom's condition during the drive. I felt frustrated, sad and alone with my feelings, unable to share my thoughts or seek consoling.
 We went through our normal routines as if nothing had happened. Mom washed clothes in preparation for the week ahead. Pop relaxed in his favorite recliner, reading the Sunday paper. I reviewed my home work for Monday and later walked to the front yard where a swing hung from our large maple. Rocking back and forth, I tried to make sense of everything happening around me. I dreaded going to school the next day.
 On Monday, with my brain wading through a gray fog, I sat in class, unresponsive, going through the motions of being a student. By Tuesday, I felt better and concentrated on my homework. Come Wednesday, I returned to the Brine Bar, looking for Mr. Michek. I wanted?.no, I needed the mining job, for my sanity.
 "Have you thought about what I proposed?"
 "Yeah, I'll take the buck thirty five. Maybe the commission on each bag will make up the difference from the bootleggers at the Coaldale digs."
 "Good. You won't be sorry."
 "When can I start?"
 "How about Saturday?"
 "Sure. What time?"
 "I'll pick you up at seven."
 The weekend seemed in perfect harmony, brilliant sunshine, warm temperatures with a sky of deep blue. I waited in a wicker chair next to the front window so I could see him as he pulled in the driveway.
 Mom kept busy making coffee and Pop worked in the garden, on the back two acres, picking strawberries. Soon afterward, I saw Mr. Michek pull into the driveway with an old Ford pickup truck. I scurried to the kitchen and gave Mom a kiss on the cheek.
 "I'll see you later."
 "When will you be home?"
 "Sometime before dark, I suppose."
 "Please be careful out in those mountains, dear."
 "Okay Mom."
 I raced out the door with my old work jacket in hand and slid into the passenger's seat.
 "Morning, Mr. Michek."
 "Good Morning, Vance. We have one stop to pick up bags and shovels, then we'll head for the mine."
 We drove into Lewistown Valley. A rural area with some farms spread here and there over the landscape. As we pulled into a narrow dirt driveway, I noticed an assortment of discarded, rusted appliances, cars and trucks dispersed about the front yard.
 Two young girls came running out of the two story farm house which sat back from the road. Soon after an older woman and teenage girl emerged and walked in our direction. I recognized the teenager, Anna Michek. She also attended Tamaqua High School and we even shared some of the same classes.
 "Papa, why have you brought Vance here?"
 "He will be helping me at a mine just outside of Mary-D. You know the one, way up on top of St. Mary's Mountain.
 "Vance, meet my wife, Mary, and our twin girls, Zofia and Ewa. It appears you already know Anna."
 "Hello Mrs. Michek, Anna, Zofia and Ewa."
 The young girls jumped and down, yelling, "Hi! Hi!"
 Anna looked grim as she nodded but her mother greeted me with a big smile and warm handshake, "Nice to know you."
 "Vance, wait here. I'll get the tools and come right back", Kooba proclaimed.
 Mr. Michek and his wife walked to an old red barn at the back of the property. They opened two large doors and disappeared inside.
 After several minutes of silence, Anna snipped, "So, you help my father with the mine. Do you know about the dangerous work? Did he tell you?"
 "No, but he didn't have to. I grew up knowing about mining cave-ins and how they killed people. Everyone who lives in these parts remembers when Mr. Kreiger died in the Schulykill Mine last year"
 Kooba interrupted Anna when he approached us, carrying his mining equipment. We didn't have a chance to finish our conversation.
 Mr. Michek laid his tools in the truck bed and latched the back.
 "All right, two pick axes, two chip hammers, two shovels, assorted winch and pulley parts and gloves. Oh, I almost forgot the pigeon. Be right back."
 A moment later, he ran back with a bird cage containing one small, pathetic pigeon.
 "We always test the air before going down any black hole. Methane will kill you in minutes.
 "Okay, I think we have everything. Let's go, Vance."
 Boarding the truck, he yelled to his family as we left, "I'll be back by dark!"
 I looked out the side window at Anna as we pulled onto the macadam. The sour look on her face seemed obvious; she either had a problem with me, bootlegging or both. Should I be concerned? Nah. What could a skinny, teenage girl do anyway?
 Kooba's old truck chugged East through Lewistown Valley and then North over the mountain. It looked like another world once we crossed Route 209. A terrible Armageddon laid the entire region to waste. Ugly black chunks of earth and rock had been heaved about in nauseating contortions, dominating the terrain, unending to the horizon.
 We turned off the narrow blacktop highway onto a winding dirt road and headed up the mountain. Overgrown trees whipped at the sides. The incline seemed so steep at times I felt we would tip over.
 "The mine sits near a crest overlooking a range of trees," Kooba instructed, sounding like a tour guide.
 Rusted, mining equipment littered the peak, parked at random angles, appearing abandoned, as if without care and in a hurry. Old Polish women with babushkas around their heads walked the road, bags of coal slung over their shoulders. And open strip mines, deep trenches, with black residue around the edges. I imagined how those, holes to hell, must have intimidated anyone who dared to come near.
 Kooba pulled over and we stepped onto to the flat area of a slag dump. I helped lug empty bags, a wheelbarrow, picks and shovels off the truck. The first chasm I walked past looked so deep, a black void overwhelmed the bottom. I felt frozen in place, afraid to move any closer. After several long moments, we gave a wide birth to the menacing gash and the darkness within. We climbed the summit of St. Mary's Mountain to Mr. Michek's abandoned diggings.
 I noticed an old 1949 Ford, pinned to the ground with thick stakes. It had no tires, just one metal rim. A thick metal cable coiled around it and threaded its way through a pulley to a rusted boxcar on metal rails. This mishmash of parts sat next to the opening of the mine.
 "Have you ever used a pulley and bucket before?"
 "No."
 "Okay, I'll show you everything you'll need to know."
 He unlocked the driver's door, crawled in and started the car. After letting it run several minutes, he shifted gears into reverse and lowered the boxcar until the cable went slack, signaling the car hit bottom.
 Then he shifted to first gear and started raising the bucket. I heard the creaking and groaning of metal on metal. The weight stressed and pulled on the stakes holding the car in place until it reached the top.
 "All right, now you try it."
 Taking a deep breath, I managed an unsure, "Okay, I'll do my best."
 I ground the gears in an effort to find reverse. Then, I hit the gas and started to release the clutch. Without warning the bucket fell several feet.
 "Hey! Hey! You don't need to goose it so much to lower the bucket."
 Nervous, I strained to control the pedal. After several attempts, I succeeded in lowering then raising the bucket. For almost an hour, I lowered, raised, lowered, raised, over and over. With sweat beading on my forehead and the sun beating down, Mr. Michek grabbed my arm.
 "Hold up. I think you can do the real thing now. You ready?"
 I felt my heat beating fast.
 "Sure."
 "Good, we just might get some mining done today."
 He pointed to a small metal box mounted on the dash.
 "This alarm has wires all the way to the bottom of the mine. I'll buzz twice to stop, once to start."
 He loaded the tools and empty bags then climbed in the bucket. Kooba smiled at me, showing crooked teeth and nodded his head.
 "Just continue what you've been doing most of this morning."
 I took a deep breath. Everything moved in slow motion and the loud engine seemed little more than a hum as I tuned it out of my consciousness.
 Taking short breaths, I lowered him down. After several agonizing minutes, I heard the signal rasp twice. I turned off the car and locked the pulley so it couldn't move. Almost an hour later, I felt relieved to hear the irritating sound of the buzzer. As I brought the bucket up to the top, I saw Mr. Michek, flashing a big thumb's up, sitting on ten full bags.
 "Now it's your turn. I chipped enough coal for at least ten more bags."
 Looking at the black abyss in front of me, I climbed in the bucket and knelt on the floor. It rocked gently from side to side as I positioned myself in the middle. When Mr. Michek started the hoist, a band tightened across my chest. I couldn't breathe for a moment but soon focused on the thrill of my first venture underground.
 Turning around with my back toward Kooba's mine, the bucket started down an inclined track and sunlight became displaced by velvet black. I fired up the sulfur lamp attached to my helmet while a battle between courage and fear waged on in my head. Under the light of my small lantern, I saw the walls of the shaft pass by and then the pile of coal ore that Mr. Michek talked about. I signaled twice and the bucket lurched to a stop.
 Putting my anxiety aside, I concentrated on breaking the large coal chunks into smaller ones. Then I shoveled the anthracite into bags. At first it felt awkward trying to hold the sack and then shovel the fist size pieces into the opening. After several bags, I became proficient at it.
 With the last sack, I sewed the tops shut using a large needle and cord. Finished with my task, once again, I sensed cold darkness swelling around me.
 I rang the buzzer and a moment later the bucket jolted forward. Filled with excitement, I felt an overwhelming sense of achievement. I shoveled coal, just like miners of an earlier generation.
 Loading our eighty pound bags of anthracite into the truck, we headed back to Tamaqua. Kooba and I pulled onto Owrigsburg Street in the old section of town and started knocking on doors.
 At the first house, an old woman answered. She wore a plain summer dress with old, scuffed shoes. Unkempt salt and pepper hair flowed over her shoulders to the middle of her back. The lady's skin looked pale and her body, rail thin. She looked abused with open sores on her face and it appeared the woman struggled to keep her balance.
 "Afternoon, Ma'am. You need some coal? Five bucks a bag."
 She looked up at me with a somber expression and negotiated, "Make it four and you've got a deal."
 I wanted to hold my ground. But for some reason, I couldn't say no. The beaten, burned out look on her face ran through me. This old woman melted my defenses and rendered me at her mercy.
 In a calm voice, I consoled, "Okay, four dollars."
 I walked back to Kooba's truck and carried the bag into her kitchen. Over in the corner sat a small pot belly stove with an old, beat-up coal bucket next to it. I cut the bag open and filled her scuttle.
 "Just leave the rest next to the stove. I can't lift nothing heavy."
 "Yes Ma'am."
 I stood there for a moment wondering who provided her with coal before me. It shouldn't have mattered but it chafed at my curiosity. I hoped someone had cared enough to tend her needs.
 Before I had a chance to ask for the money, she blurted out "Now, let's see about getting you paid, sonny."
 She disappeared into a back room and soon returned with a brown leather purse. The old woman opened it and pulled out four dollar bills. She held the money, pressed tight between her fingers as if she didn't want to give them up. Then, with a look of reluctance, she handed them to me.
 "Will you be coming through here again?"
 "Every Sunday, Ma'am.
 "Well, you stop in next time. Ya hear."
 "Yes Ma'am."
 Leaving the frail lady at her front porch, I started knocking on more doors. As I busied myself with the task of selling, I felt an aura of exhilaration. These people, down on their luck, needed my coal and they respected me for it. It seemed a new, wonderful feeling.
 Bag by bag, the pile dwindled until we sold all twenty. With each sale, Mr. Michek put our money in a cigar box he kept under the front seat.
 Exhausted, we collapsed in the truck and headed up Route 209 toward his house. Twenty minutes later, we pulled into Kooba's driveway.
 With the case under his arm, we walked around the house to the back and came into the kitchen.
 "Have a seat, Vance. The girls decided to pick wild raspberries up the mountain They won't be back until dark."
 He tipped the cigar box upside down on the kitchen table and started to sort the bills - tens, fives, ones and a fist full of change. After counting the money into piles, Kooba scratched his head, looking puzzled.
 "Hmmm. We only have ninety nine dollars, not one hundred?"
 Vance volunteered, "Oh. Yeah. I gave the lady at 288 Owrigsburg a dollar off."
 "Well, it'll come out of your commission. Stand your ground or they'll take advantage of you."
 "Yeah, but I don't think she had five dollars. You should have seen the lady, Mr. Michek. She looked sick and maybe abused. How could I say no?"
 "Vance, I don't want to sound heartless but business comes first. We sell at half what the coal companies would charge and make such a small profit for our efforts.
 "You have to make a decision. Sell at a loss or walk away. But remember this, once word gets around, they'll all want four bucks a bag."

Chapter 6
 The wind slapped against my face as I cranked up the window. I held tight to the steering wheel in the ten and five position, trying to drive my best.
 "Pop, thanks for letting me take my driver's license test today."
 He nodded without saying a word and continued to look out the windshield.
 I took the back road through Lewistown Valley bordered with bright green mountains on both sides. It felt less intimidating on the country road than Route 209 expressway.
 As we passed Dobson's Turkey Farm, my father tried to instill a sliver of confidence in an otherwise nervous teen.
 "Just remember everything you learned over the last month and you'll do fine."
 "I still feel a little shaky on parallel parking."
 "You can do it. Take a deep breath and focus just before you make the first turn."
 "I'll do my best."
 We pulled into the driver test station about 20 minutes later. I could feel the apprehension building as I parked near the front door. We went inside and looked for the examiners. Behind one of the desks sat a muscular looking man with a buzz haircut. His clothes looked tailored and well pressed, like someone in the military.
 "Good Morning. How can I help you?"
 "My son here wants to take the drivers test."
 He pulled a clipboard from one of the drawers, wrote down my name and address then barked "Well, let's get to it."
 My father remained in the lobby. The examiner and I slid into Pop's, 1957 Chevy and went out on the road. He issued directions to stop, turn and parallel-park. I executed every one of them with precision and felt great.
 We pulled back into the driver test lot and followed a white line drawn on the asphalt. It led to a dead end where railroad ties had been arranged into the shape of a square but with one side missing.
 The examiner droned matter-of-fact, almost like a recording, "All right. Pull into the square and turn around without touching the sides. You get one try."
 Pop had not trained me for this. I pulled in too fast and hit the frame even before trying to turn around. The car lurched back and stalled.
 "Drive back to the office, now, before you get me killed."
 Embarrassed and ashamed, I parked the car and watched as the examiner got out. He offered no help or explanation, just silence. Pop came out of the office, looking bewildered.
 "I guess you'll have to practice some more before taking the test again. Tell me what happened?"
 "I didn't understand what the examiner wanted me to do at those railroad ties."
 "Let's walk over there and see what you're talking about."
 He stood there for a moment, deep in thought, seeming to analyze the area.
 "Well, it appears to be the same as turning around on a two lane road without going off the edge."
 In one brief moment, Pop made it so clear to me. My embarrassment and shame evaporated. I felt aglow, basking in the love I felt for my father. In my heart, I had already passed the test.

Chapter 7
 While my life at home became a delicate balancing act, school and mining consumed my every waking moment.
 Waiting for the weekends with eager anticipation, I escaped to the camaraderie of my mentor, Mr. Michek, and the adrenaline rush every time I entered the mine.
 I also gained street smarts, learning to deal with our regular customers. If they couldn't pay right away, I'd loan them the money at ten percent interest. An arrangement that worked out well since word traveled fast if someone didn't pay their debts. No one wanted to be branded a dead beat.
 On a Saturday, we started work as the sun cleared the top of St. Mary's Mountain. By noon we loaded twenty five bags on the truck and headed back to Tamaqua.
 Mr. Michek drove quite slow, careful not to go over forty five miles an hour. I had my suspicions about the steering being worn out since it seemed hard to control at higher speeds. During the 20 minute drive, Mr. Michek talked about the town and its people.
 "Ya know, we've been avoiding the downtown area. I have good reason for us to stay out of there."
 "How come?"
 "Those uppity business people with their new cars and nice clothes. They can afford to buy from the coal companies and live the high life while most of the town lives in poverty."
 Surprised by Kooba's understanding of the differences in the lives of Tamaqua's townspeople, I muttered, "I never thought of them that way."
 "Well, they look down on the rest of the people. Our customers may be poor but they're proud."
 "Mr. Michek, why don't they move? I hear about plenty of jobs in places like Virginia and New Jersey."
 "Well son, the outside world can be a scary place. Some people don't trust anything. Most families here go back to the 1700s. I've seen kids who grew up, married and never lived more than a few blocks from their parents and grandparents. They sacrificed opportunity for the security of family and this town."
 The significance of his statement overwhelmed me. All my brothers abandoned Tamaqua after high school. Some scattered to the most distant places in the world like Japan and Germany. I wondered if they left to pursue ambition or to get far away from the churning turmoil at home.
                                                            ****
 By Memorial Day, I saved enough money for my first car. Checking the car lots downtown, I found out they only had expensive, newer cars.
 Several weeks later, a school friend approached me with news about a deal on the west side.
 "My uncle has a 1946 Chevy for sale over at the gas station on Grove Street. He wants three hundred for the car, as is."
 "Thanks. I'll take a look at it tomorrow, after school."
 The following afternoon, excitement filled every moment as I walked down Skids Hill to the west end of town. My step had a bounce to it as I passed a smorgasbord of humanity. Young housewives nursing babies while sitting on their front porches. Small taverns, front doors wide open, tending to their regulars. High schoolers walking home.
 Reaching the gas station, I gazed at the slate black machine with a sign propped in the windshield. It looked pugnacious, like a beast ready to scream down the road. And for an eleven year old coupe it seemed in good physical condition. No dents, no rust, good tires. But did it run?  A test drive became my next concern.
 I walked into the gas station looking for the owner. A middle age man, bent over the fender of a car, looked absorbed in the task of performing some sort of repair. I felt repulsed by his appearance, clothes, face and hands smeared with grease.
 "Do you own the Chevy out front? The one for sale."
 "Yep, I performed all the maintenance myself."
 "I'd like to take it for a test drive."
 He looked at me for a long moment, appearing to be sizing me up.
 "You have a drivers license?"
 "Yes." I pulled out my wallet and flashed it at him with pride.
 The dirty mechanic walked to a board filled with keys hanging on hooks and grabbed the one labeled - FOR SALE.
 He handed them to me and proclaimed, "I'll hold your drivers license until you get back."
  I drove the fastback Chevy up Sliders Hill and everything seemed to work fine. Good acceleration, good brakes, ran smooth. Feeling satisfied that everything had been checked, I pulled back into the gas station.
 Approaching the owner, I challenged, "I'll give you two hundred for the car."
 The owner looked surprised. I'll bet he didn't expect a sixteen year old, street smart, negotiator.
 "Make it two fifty. Any lower and I'll be losing money."
 "Okay. You've got a deal"
 I pulled a thick wad of twenty, ten and five dollar bills out of my front pocket. One by one, I counted each bill and laid them on the counter.
 With a puzzled look on his face, he handed me the title.
 "Where did you get that kind of money?"
 "I've been working at the Michek mine."
 "Oh yeah, you look too young to be a miner?"
 "I'm not a miner. I'm a student. I just work there on weekends."
 "Well, it looks like you've bought yourself a car. I'll write up a temporary tag and you can be on your way."
 My heart pounded as I floated on air. A tenth grader who owned a car. Everything seemed perfect at that moment. All too soon, however, there would be consequences for my decision that day.
                                                            ****
School let out for summer about the middle of June. I looked forward to spending time with my friends and working in the mine, full time. On a Friday morning, Pop and I sat in the kitchen enjoying Mom's special egg cobbler. He talked about the garden and a batch of strawberries due for harvest in the next few weeks.
 Without warning, Pop dictated, "By the way, I want you to work for me this summer as a bricklayer's helper."
 "I can't do that. Mr. Michek needs me to help him."
 His voice raised, "Look, I've watched you take off every weekend with that uneducated coal cracker to do god knows what."
 "We mine coal, Pop. He may not have schooling but Kooba knows everything about bootlegging."
 "Well, you've had your fun, earned some money and bought a car. But you live in my house and you'll work for me, if I say so."
 "The hell I will. My plans have already been made for this summer."
 I recoiled out of my chair and bulldozed my way past Pop to the front door.
 Pop yelled, "Damn you! Come back here!"
 Without a word, I walked to my Chevy, purchased with pride only a week earlier.
 In the meantime, my father grabbed an ax handle from the garage and flung it toward me.
 Like an enraged animal, he bellowed, "You get the hell out for good and don't ever come back!"
 I ducked as the ax handle flew over my head and landed in the driveway.
 My voice exploded back, "Don't worry, I won't!"
 Getting in my car, I squealed out of the driveway. Temples pounding, fist bashing the steering wheel, yelling over and over, "Damn it! Damn it!" all the way into town.
 While I waited for the red light at Cedar St., I thought of Reese. She might be home and I needed to talk with her if for nothing more than to preserve my sanity.
 I drove up Mauch Chunk Street, pulled in front of her house and started beeping the horn. A minute later, she came running out.
 "Sssssshhhhh. Do you want to tick off the neighbors? My father just went to work, otherwise he'd be out here."
 "Can you take a ride with me?"
 "What? No. I have to help my mother clean the house."
 "Please. Please. Just for a couple of hours."
 "Okay. Okay. I'll tell her an emergency came up."
 We drove to the highest point on Blue Mountain and looked out over the broad, rolling landscape below us. How peaceful it looked. Forests bobbed up and down like waves on an ocean, interrupted only by green pastures and farms. As if set there by some random design.
 "What should I do, Reese? I feel boxed in. Looking out for Mom and treading around Pop. I found something worthwhile and he wants to take it away from me. I can't even leave because you have to be eighteen to go in the service or get a job."
 "Only you can decide the answer. You've got two more years of high school. I think you should do whatever it takes to graduate."
 "Yeah. I guess. Ya know, my life feels like such a drag."
 "She smiled, "You have me."
 I treated Reese to brunch at Hometown Restaurant then drove back to her house.
 "Thanks for listening, Reese. I apologize for messing up your day. Sometimes the only thought holding me together seems to be how much I love you.
 She smiled, enhancing a face already beautiful, "I love you too, valley boy."
 I kissed her goodbye and headed back up the mountain.
Returning home, I found Pop reading his newspaper. For a moment, he looked at me with a blank expression and then resumed reading. I sensed he had cooled off and this would be the best time to talk with him.
 Eating humble pie, I muttered, "Pop, I'll help you on the bricklaying job."
 To my surprise, he seemed calm and reasonable.
 "Okay. Be ready to go by seven. Go ask your mother to make a lunch for tomorrow."
 After talking with Mom, I phoned Kooba, "I can't help you at the mine for the next several months. Not that I don't want to but my father needs me on a bricklaying job."
 "Okay, Vance. I understand. I'll work an old mine further down the mountain. The coal tests out low grade but sits just a few feet below the surface. I can bootleg it by myself."
 The weather forecaster on the radio predicted hot conditions, topping the nineties for the next several days. We rolled in at the job site by seven thirty that morning. Pop always arrived thirty minutes early to plan out the day. He took inventory of the bricks, bags of cement, sand, scaffold and tools.
 "Vance, once we get started, you'll have to keep us supplied with mortar and bricks. You can't run behind. Understand?
 "Yeah, I get it. Don't worry, I won't embarrass you."
 At eight sharp, I started mixing cement, sand and water in an old beat up mortar boat and served up the first bucket of mud.
 "It's too wet, Vance. Hurry up and mix in some more cement."
 After several batches, I blended the mud dry enough. Once I mastered the mortar, I started carrying bricks. By noon, I worked up quite a sweat.
 Collapsing by Pop's 1957 Chevy station-wagon, I gnawed on a ham sandwich and chips from my bag lunch. Pop ate on the move. He inspected the overall progress of the job and talked with the other bricklayers like Yeller Swento about how many courses they expected to lay in the afternoon.
 For the last few minutes, he sat in the shade with Yeller and the gang and talked about how the governor planned to revitalize the area. New industry meant factories and bricklayers to build them. Everyone wanted it but nobody except the most nave expected help anytime soon. Our town didn't have the size or glamour of Harrisburg or Allentown.
 Pop signaled the end of lunch by heading back to the job. Yeller looked down at me from the scaffold and pointed to his mortar board.
 "Okay, Vance, let's get some mortar up here."
 We started on the second half of the day with endless buckets of mortar and bricks. The pace rambled on without mercy. Sweat rolled, muscles ached and I wondered if hell felt like this. Scorching heat and never ending torment.
 I escaped my bondage at four thirty in the afternoon. Pop secured the job site, collected his tools and stowed them in the back of the station-wagon. On the ride home, he puffed on a Camel and smiled.
 "You did good today."

Chapter 8
 We finished the project at the West End Florist, a short time later. Working outdoors, I tanned a dark brown and chuckled to myself how this could never happen at the mine.
 Over the next several months, we worked every possible bricklaying job - chimneys, walls, fireplaces, large buildings, small buildings, homes. I developed a high level of skill at the trade and anticipated the bricklayers' every move. I proved myself and they respected me.
 However, the advances I made at work became meaningless one hot August night. Pop and I just came home from work and he walked straight to the refrigerator. My father peered inside, leaning on the open door.
 He yelled into the living room, "I have a meeting with our subcontractor tonight. Got anything quick?"
 Mom responded, "Take the left-over chicken soup. Oh yeah?I baked some bread. Look in the top cupboard."
 Pop heated the thick yellow broth with large chunks of chicken in a sauce pan on the stove. I smelled the strong essence of wheat and rye as he cut a slice of the fresh bread. He ate alone at the head of the table, while Mom and I watched TV in the living room.
 Halfway through the evening news, I heard running water and the clinking of dishes. It surprised me since he never rinsed anything.
 Pop must have walked to the front door before he volunteered, "I'll be at the VFW. Don't wait up."
 "Okay," Mom acknowledged.
 She didn't seem to care when he would be back or who he planned to see.
 Seconds later, I heard the screen door slam and the crunching of gravel as the station-wagon slowly rolled out to the road.
 Everyone knew about the meetings at the West Side VFW. They discussed the next new bricklaying project and afterward sat around drinking beer all night.
 Mom and I made Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches covered with lots of fried onions. Eating our fill, we settled in for an evening of watching TV.
 I tried to enjoy the Milton Berle show but Mom started to fidget. She sat down, stood up, paced back and forth. Without warning, she shut off the TV.
 With a pained look on her face, she murmured, "I don't want to tell you this."
 Deafening silence filled the room.
 "But, my precious son, I have no one else to talk with."
 I felt my body tensing up like waiting for a bomb to explode, "What happened, Mom?"
 "Your father approached me last night with his filthy animal urges. He disgusts me."
 Feeling awkward and embarrassed, I didn't know what to say. I sat there with a queasy expression on my face.
 "Did he hurt you, Mom?"
 "No, but he never stops. I love all of you so much but I wanted nothing to do with your father ever since Buck came into this world. Instead of finding a woman to satisfy his urges, he victimizes me, over and over.
 "Haven't you ever wondered about your brothers, so far apart in age or why I sleep in the spare bedroom?
 Absorbing what Mom told me, I started feeling nauseous. All my reflexes tightened like rubber bands at the snapping point. Without thinking, I ran to the toilet.
 My dinner, the consistency of thick brown syrup, flooded the bowl with the force of a fire hydrant. After several minutes of involuntary contortions, my body collapsed on the floor of the bathroom. With labored breathing, I reached for the toilet paper and wiped my mouth. I sat up and pushed myself back into a corner wrapping my arms around my knees. I wanted to stay there forever, not hurting anyone and no one hurting me.
                                                            ****
 I thought of the first time her emotional baggage became more than she could bear. Seven years earlier, Mom made a valiant effort to change her life and mine. I didn't know the ordeal laying in wait for both of us.
 It started like any other day, up by six, washed, dressed and on the bus by seven, at school by seven thirty. My morning classes breezed along, since I enjoyed school. At noon, I ate lunch and talked with my friends. My teacher, Mr. Boyer, interrupted our midday banter.
 "Vance, go see your mother in the lobby. Put your books away before you leave."
 Mom picking me up? She didn't drive and Pop went to work early in the morning.
 "Hi, Mom. How did you get here? What happened?"
 "I'll tell you later. I have a cab waiting. Let's go."
 There must be an emergency. A cab, in the middle of the school day?
 As I got in, Mom divulged, "Your brother, Miles, caught a terrible illness and needs our help."
 I didn't want to believe her. We just visited Miles several weeks ago at college. He looked fine. How can he be so sick that we need to be there? Did he contract a disease, or worse, could he be dying?
 "Does Pop know? Will we meet him at home?"
 "Must you ask so many questions? Let's just concentrate on getting to Miles."
 After the cab started moving, she took a thick wad of bills out of her purse and counted them. But wait, Mom didn't work.
 "Where did you get all that money? Did Pop give it to you?"
 "I'll explain everything later. Right now, trust me. I did the right thing for both of us."
 What did that mean? I felt confused. A sense of something very wrong permeated the air.
 The cab headed east, toward home. But it didn't slow down as we approached our house.
 As we went past, I yelled, "Mom? Stop!"
 The cabby let off the gas and looked in the rear view mirror.
 "You need to stop, Ma'am?"
 In a gruff voice, she barked, "No, just keep going like I told you."
 She frowned at me but didn't say a word. We continued on to Tamaqua, south on route 309, over Blue Mountain and down the other side through the rolling countryside.
 As the cab pulled into Schnecksville, Mom instructed, "Please slow down through the next few blocks."
 I watched my mother stare at each building until she saw one particular house with a ROOM FOR RENT sign in front.
 "Pull over right here, please."
 She slid out of the cab and walked to the front door. Mom looked back at me for a moment as if deep in thought then took a deep breath and knocked several times. A middle aged woman answered the door.
 "Yes, can I help you?"
 "Do you still have a room for rent?"
 "Yes, it has a refrigerator, bathroom and comes furnished. I charge fifteen dollars a week, payable in advance."
 "I'll take it."
 Mom walked back to the cabby, "How much do I owe you?"
 "Thirty five plus five for my tip."
 She pulled the wad of cash from her purse and peeled off two twenties. The cabby carried our luggage to a small bungalow on the back lot. Then we walked him to his cab and watched as he drove away.
 "Vance, give the lady this fifteen dollars. I'll start unpacking."
 I walked to the front door of the bungalow where the landlady stood. Looking at the floor, I thrust out my hand, "For you, Ma'am."
 She smiled, welcomed us to the area and sauntered back to her house.
 We started settling into the unfamiliar and empty quarters. Mom pulled our few meager possessions from the worn suitcase as she sat on the bed. With our belongings stowed in dresser drawers and nothing further to do, she seemed ready to talk.
 "Vance, I have something to confess. I lied about Miles. I just couldn't bear to live with your father another day, another minute. I don't know where we'll go from here. We'll take it one day at a time."
 She grabbed my hand and appeared to want my approval. I shrugged my shoulders, the way a kid would do when confronted with something more than they can comprehend.
 "I'll miss school, Mom. Do they have one here?"
 "Sure. And you'll make new friends, just like out in the valley."
 We tried to assume the movements of a mother and son living some sort of normal life. Mom entered me in the Schnecksville middle school, four blocks away. Not knowing anyone, I felt nervous about going and meeting new kids. The son of our landlady attended the same classes and walked to school with me. We forged a friendship and he introduced me to the other students.
 Mom spent each day looking for work. However, she soon discovered Schecksville to be nothing more than a small farming community. They didn't have any jobs.
 People commuted to Allentown, about 15 miles away. But my mother didn't have a car or work skills. After several days, she gave up and read or shopped during the day.
 On our second Saturday, we walked down Route 309, wound our way onto Schneck Street and stopped at a pond. Mom sat on a small grassy stretch where a stream flowed into the pool. She stared at the farm house on the other end of the property.
 "For a few precious years, your father and I found happiness there."
 "I don't understand Mom."
 "We moved here from Cumberland and raised your brother Buck. We lived here for three years before moving on to Tamaqua."
 "Why did you leave?"
"Your father couldn't find work and I became pregnant with Miles. After Schnecksville, nothing seemed the same. Whatever we had perished like a withered flower denied all nourishment. He should have left me in Cumberland. At least I had your Aunt Cleona."
 We sat for several hours talking about the dwelling and her life there. Now I understood why Mom wanted to come to Schnecksville. Peace and harmony existed for my mother on this property. After exhausting all conversation, we took one last look and started walking up the asphalt road.
 "When we get back, I'll call your father. It's time to go home."
 "I wish you could be happy, Mom. Just like when you lived here.
 "Vance, you remind me of dad. He just wanted me to be at peace too."
                                                            ****
 Thoughts of my mother and me in Schnecksville disappeared. The noise of Mom banging on the bathroom door brought me back to an unwanted feeling of anguish.
 "Vance? I didn't mean to upset you. I heard you throwing up. Can I help you?"
 "Give me a minute Mom."
 Struggling to get up from my refuge, I walked to our small sink and ran the cold water wide open, splashing it onto my face. I looked into the mirror at the wet, sad eyed boy looking back. Grabbing a towel, I dried my face and unlocked the door.
 "I feel fine, Mom."
 "You shouldn't have to bear this sorrow at your age. I apologize."
 "No. No. Who else could you tell? What can I do?"
 "Nothing. I just want you to understand."
 I nodded and bowed my head. She breathed a deep sigh.
 "Why don't you watch the rest of your show? I have some ironing to finish."
 The secret she carried for so many years became mine. Did my brothers know? Should I confront Pop? Questions I couldn't answer.
 My mother and father bound themselves to each other with this sick commitment. Not capable of admitting failure. Divorce? No. Come to think about it, I didn't know any divorced people. A few widows and widowers? Yes. But divorce? It seemed reserved for celebrities.
 As the television flickered in our darkened living room, I reached a compromise with myself. I would honor Mom's request to do nothing unless she asked me to.

Chapter 9
 I worked with Pop for the next three weeks, all the way to Labor Day. On a Friday, I bid farewell to Yeller Swento and the other bricklayers I befriended over summer.
 Yeller gave me a hard slap on the back. With his gravel voice he proclaimed, "You ever need a job, let me know. I can always use an apprentice bricklayer."
 Pop interrupted, "No chance, Yeller. Vance will go into the service just like Miles. Then he'll use his GI benefits for college."
 How strange, I thought. Pop and I never discussed my plans after high school. Yet here he had it all figured out. Not that I disagreed. We just never sat down together and talked about it.
 Yeller gave me a wide grin, "I imagine we'll see you at least one more summer."
 I nodded, "If Pop needs me."
 Pop stated with conviction, "He'll be back."
 We loaded our tools and headed out the parking lot. I waved at the gang as we pulled onto the highway.
 Arriving home, we prepared ourselves for the long holiday weekend. Pop drove into town and stocked up on groceries. Mom made an abundance of hamburgers, hot dogs, beans and potato salad. For desert, we indulged ourselves with apple pie and vanilla ice cream.
 I also called Reese and asked her to go out Saturday night.
 "Would you like to see a movie at Hometown Drive-In? They have a new one out called Blue Denim."
 "Sure, but come inside to pick me up. My dad didn't care for you beeping the horn last time."
 Nervous, I knocked on the front door. As it opened, Reese's father looked at me with squinted eyes.
 "You the Remke boy?"
 "Yes sir."
 He waved me into the living room.
 "Reese will be out in a minute. So, what do you guys plan on doing tonight?"
 "Movies, Sir."
 "Well, young man, you have my daughter back by midnight. You hear?"
 "Yes Sir."
 Soon Reese appeared, looking miffed at her father.
"Reese, remember what I said."
 "Yes, Daddy. Let's go, Vance."
 We spent the time, driving up 309 to Hometown, consumed with spirited conversation. She would be starting tenth grade and exuded enthusiasm for the new school year.
 But I also sensed negative tension concerning her father. When I questioned her about it, she vented every detail and divulged that her dad frowned on anyone dating at her age. Reese disagreed and argued that she would follow her heart. Reese ended our conversation by planting a hard, wet kiss on me. I felt her raw passion penetrate me to the marrow.
 As we approached Hometown Drive-in, the sky turned dusk, signaling the movie about to start. We scurried to find a parking space far in the back and hooked up the window speaker. I put my arm around her and settled in.
 Half way into the show, she looked at me with those big beautiful eyes. We slid down on the front seat, her body pressed against mine. My hands found their way to all her beautiful places, building a rising tide of pleasure. Lost in the love we shared, Reese and I watched little of the movie.
                                                            ****
 The weekend passed much too soon and Monday morning found me driving my own car the mile and a quarter to school for the first time. I made a point of driving the full length of the street in front of Tamaqua Senior High School. As I ran the gauntlet, students screamed everything from "Cool!" to "Where the hell did you get the car?" Once through seemed more than enough so I parked on a side road in back.
 Walking up the steps toward the main lobby, I met Ron Keler and Darryl Grainger.
 "Can you dig it?" Ron exclaimed. "We rule the tenth graders this year."
  "Aaaah! Eleventh grade," I decreed like a conquering Viking. "You just gotta love it."
 After growling our superiority to every tenth grader in sight, we strutted into the hallway while avoiding the second floor, home to twelfth graders.
 As we settled into home room, Ron inquired, "How did everything work out with the bootlegger?"
 "I worked a while for Mr. Michek at one of the old Tuscarora mines. But then I had to quit. Pop wanted me working for him over summer."
 "Do you want to go back?"
 "I don't know. I guess so. If Mr. Michek hasn't found someone else.
                                                            ****
 Later that week, I pulled into a dirt parking lot behind the Brine Bar. As I walked around to the front, I noticed Cassie Hanks sitting on the front steps. I didn't question why.
 "Hi Cassie. How do you like eleventh grade so far?"
 Seeming passive, indifferent, she sighed, "Okay, I guess."
 A black, 1950 Ford sedan, pulled to the curb, interrupting our conversation. A middle age man, overweight and sporting several days' stubble, reached across the front seat and opened the passenger door. Cassie stood up, her face devoid of any emotion.
 She glanced at her mother sitting on a porch across the street and mumbled, "I've got to go."
 Puzzled, I countered, "Yeah. See you later."
 Feeling uncomfortable, fidgety, I watched her get into the car.
 "Ready for some slap and tickle," the obnoxious driver grunted.
 Her door slammed shut and seconds later they pulled into traffic.
 I tried to put Cassie out of my mind and walked inside the bar. A thick swirl of dense gray cigarette smoke permeated the room.
 Stifling an urge to cough, I scanned the room for Mr. Michek. I saw him across the room, perched on top of a bar stool in the back.
 I tread past the animated patrons raising their drinks, waving lit cigarettes back and forth, bobbing about in vigorous conversation.
 Mr. Michek shook a leather dice cup in a wild circular motion and smashed it on the bar.
 "Damn it. Snake eyes again," he wailed.
 He reached in his pocket and threw a dollar at the bartender.
 "You can keep the dice. Just give me another beer."
 I leaned up against the bar next to Mr. Michek.
 "Looking for any miners?"
 "Huh? Hey. Vance?  What brings you here?"
 "I need a part time job. Since school begins this week my Pop replaced me with a full time apprentice. Do you have someone helping you?"
 "Well, Vance, I did find somebody. That lasted until July. Couldn't keep the guy. He complained it seemed too dangerous for the money. I worked for the railroad a couple of weeks. Now, I spray weed killer around high voltage towers for the Pennsylvania Power and Light Company. But that'll only last a few more weeks. You really want to do this? "
 "Yeah, Mr. Michek, I do."
 "Okay, Vance. You got yourself a deal. But we'll have to check out all the equipment first. Somebody stole the drive shaft off my Ford. I'll bet those god damn thieves would swipe the wings off an angel, given the chance. Does next Saturday sound all right with you?"
 "That'll work for me. I've got my own car now. Can I meet you at your farm?"
 "Vance, tell you what. Let's make a day of it. Meet me by seven at my place. We'll go over to the mine and work on the equipment. Then, I'd like you to come to my place for dinner that night. Can you make it?"
 "Well, I guess so."
 "Good. See you Saturday morning."
 On the drive home, I felt happy. September brought high school, football, cheer leaders and coal mining. My world seemed complete.

Chapter 10
 Saturday morning we surveyed the damage at the mine and created a list of repairs. Later that afternoon, we acquired parts from an abandoned mine in Middleport.
 "Ya know, Vance, in the 1930s, a West Virginia coal company strip mined ten square miles of this mountain. After taking the richest pockets of ore, they abandoned all this equipment."
 We took what we needed and adapted it for our use. Exhausted by that afternoon, we quit for the day. On the way home, I stopped in Tuscarora and removed a drive shaft from an abandoned carcass then drove home to shower and change clothes.
 I felt nervous about meeting Mr. Michek's family for dinner. Mrs. Michek treated me with respect, but her daughter, Anna, displayed a dark side, moody and insulting.
 I showered, shaved and sorted through my dresser for some nice clothes. Finding a pair of blue jeans, not faded, and a white shirt, I dressed and splashed some of Pop's after-shave lotion on my face.
 As I bounded downstairs, my father asked, "Going out tonight?"
 "I'm having dinner with the Micheks."
 "I've been meaning to ask. What faith do they practice?"
 "I don't know. They never mentioned it."
 "Well, you let me know. Some religions in this area band together to keep people from the good jobs. They show up for work wearing a pin on their lapel. The foreman picks them first.
 "The bricklayer's union fought long and hard to make sure everyone gets a fair chance to land a job.
 "It all started with the Molly Mcguire Gang in the late 1800's. The mines gave them the worst jobs. The gang fought back the only way they knew how. They killed their tormentors out of desperation.
 "When the sheriff tried to stop them, the Mollys killed him. One hot summer night, they shot him in the back, while he lit a street lamp.  No simple answer to it. Both sides right?.and wrong."
 "Well, if God comes up in the conversation, I'll let you know. I have to go now or I'll be late."
 I paced my steps out the front door, across the crushed stone in the driveway and into my 1947 Chevy. The sun started going down as I pulled into the muddy driveway of Mr. Michek's farm. The two youngest girls came running out.
 "Hi, Vance!" they hollered. "Come in the house. Mama almost has dinner ready."
 The two story farm house had a big front porch. The faded white paint had started to peel. A swing hung on one end and children's toys lay scattered everywhere.
 Entering the front door, I smelled the aroma of roast beef. Mr. Michek greeted me inside and offered a seat next to an old radio. With a solemn look on his face, he listened to the world news out of New York.
 "Do you listen to the news on radio, Vance?"
 "No. But I listen to music. Stuff from Elvis, Gene Pitney, Roy Orbison."
 "I understand. I listen to Benny Goodman and recordings of the Glen Miller Band. But you should listen to the news too. Every day something happens in the world that might affect you."
 "I'll do that, Mr. Michek."
 He smiled. A big amiable grin and suggested, "Why don't you call me Kooba."
 "OK, Mr., uh, Kooba."
 From another room, Mrs. Michek yelled, "Dinner is on, everybody!"
 I followed Kooba into a large dining room. The walls, painted flat white, supported a tall ceiling. Their large oval table, covered with a frilly white tablecloth and surrounded by six brown chairs, dominated the room.
 Hot dishes of roast beef, boiled potatoes, green beans, cut loaves of bread and glasses of red wine adorned every square inch of table surface.
 "You can sit next to me," Kooba instructed, pointing to a chair next to the head of the table.
 As we gathered around, I noticed Anna coming down the stairs. She wore a black skirt with white blouse and around her neck hung two thin gold necklaces. A slim girl, her jet black hair fell straight to her shoulders. As she reached the bottom of the stairs, she stared at her mother.
 Mrs. Michek looked at Anna with a frown, "I hope you had a chance to think about your attitude. Go over there, next to your sisters and pass the bread."
 As she reached the far end of the table, we all sat down.
 Without warning, everyone bowed their heads and Kooba prayed, "I want to thank the Lord for this food and the company of our guest. Amen."
 Uncomfortable, I felt my face blush as I squirmed in my chair. Pop never gave thanks for anything. Also, I noticed that Kooba didn't give the sign of the cross at the end. Whatever his religion, it didn't appear Catholic.
 I felt relieved when Kooba said, "Let's eat."
 Kooba and Mrs. Michek started passing food around the table. The two youngest girls stared at me and giggled. Anna appeared to tune out the activity around her by picking at the food on her plate.
 I felt shocked when, without warning, she tried to have a polite conversation, "So, Vance, how do you like school so far?"
 "I don't seem to have enough time. Otherwise, I enjoy it."
 "Do you like working in a mine too?"
 "Well, sure. It takes a lot of hard work but I enjoy bootlegging."
 Mrs. Michek inquired, "Do you plan to work after high school?"
 "No. My Pop wants me to attend Penn State but?.it seems so far off."
 "Well, I hope you succeed at whatever you choose, Vance."
 "Thanks ma'am."
 The rest of dinner, we filled the air with light conversation about the farmers and trades-people we both knew in Lewistown Valley.
 As we finished desert, Anna fired a question at me with squinted eyes, "Did you know that my father has a crushed vertebrae in his back?"
 "Well, I, uh. No."
 Before I could say anything further, Kooba interrupted, "Stop it. Enough, Anna. Vance didn't come here to discuss my physical problems."
 Yelling, Anna shot back, "You promised, daddy! After the accident, you agreed not to go back there!"
 Anna bolted from the table and ran upstairs. Kooba excused himself and followed her.
 Silence overpowered the room, while I stared at the remains of what had been a nice dinner.
 After several moments, Mrs. Michek ordered, "Girls, start taking the dishes out to the kitchen."
 She looked at me with a kind but painful expression, "I apologize for her outburst. Anna has always been a sensitive girl. She adores her father and seems to feel a need to protect him ever since the accident."
 "I didn't know Kooba had a problem with his back."
 "He suffered extensive injuries in the North Tamaqua mine about six years ago. A shelf of coal broke loose and fell onto the loader he operated. Kooba couldn't work for almost a year. He doesn't like to talk about it."
 "Well, I never would have asked Kooba to go bootlegging, knowing his injuries."
 "My husband follows his own mind. No one can tell him what to do, not even me.
 "In any case, I'm glad you came tonight. We don't have guests very often."
 "Thank you for dinner. I should be getting home. It'll be a long day tomorrow."
 Mrs. Michek walked me to the door. As I stepped out on the front porch, she confided, "When our son married and moved to Philadelphia, Kooba struggled with depression. Since you started helping him, he has improved so much. He enjoys working again."
 After bounding down the steps, I countered, "Please tell Kooba I'll see him at the mine by daybreak tomorrow. Goodnight Ma'am."

Chapter 11
 Arriving home, I set my alarm clock for five. The next morning, I took care not to wake anyone, put on my work clothes and drove over to St. Mary's Mountain just as the sun started to rise. Tool box in hand, I started making repairs. A few minutes later, I heard Kooba's truck rattle up the bumpy trail.
 As he approached, I complained, "Kooba, this rusted equipment can't last much longer. God, some of this stuff has to be ten or twenty years old."
 "It'll last. Those steel couplings and cable are three inches thick. If we have to pay cash for something new, we'll cut copper wire from the telephone poles over at the abandoned rail spur in Middleport. Once we burn off the insulation, the Hometown salvage yard will buy it for thirty five cents a pound.
 We spent most of the day checking support beams, rigging, and cable equipment. Kooba lowered a pigeon down the shaft to check for toxic gases. I changed plugs, oil and most of all, installed a replacement drive shaft on the Ford. Kooba ran the ore bucket down the mine several times. Everything checked out fine. We decided to start mining the following weekend.
 Crisp fall weather signaled the turning color of leaves and their eventual flight to the ground. On the mountain, white birch trees stood out and gave the terrain a salt and pepper look.
 Bundled up with coats and gloves, we worked fast to stay warm and keep up with the increased demand for coal. Now, our customers demanded anthracite, not only for firing water boilers but also for heating homes.
 We always gassed up his truck at the station in Mary-D. As Kooba started the pump, a pugnacious looking teenager got out of an old Plymouth and walked my way.
 The boy, dressed in shabby clothes, growled, "You Vance Remke?"
 "Yeah, who wants to know?"
 He sneered, pulling back one side of his mouth to reveal yellow teeth.
 "You stole the driveshaft out of the old Hollister wreck."
 "I didn't steal anything. That's an abandoned car on public land."
 "Well, you're a thief and I want it back."
 "Forget it." I dismissed, walking back to the truck.
 Kooba yelled, "Look out!"
 I felt a burning sensation in my back then fell to my knees for a moment, trying to regain my senses. Curling my right hand into the hardest fist I could make, I sprang up and reeled around, hitting him solid in the face. He tipped over backward, hitting his head as he landed onto the cement.
 "I'll kick your ass!" he screamed while struggling to get up.
 Before I could react, my mentor smashed a fist into his stomach and the teenager doubled over in pain.
 Kooba leaned over him with an open hand pulled back, ready to unleash a painful smack to his face.
 "Listen, punk. You bastards from Tuscarora don't own everything in sight. Understand me? You just opened a bad peck of trouble, attacking my friend here."
 "Screw you!" the teenager shouted while he limped back to his car.
 "I'll be back with seven guys," he rasped, as he pulled out onto Route 209.
 Kooba roared back, "Oh yeah! Well, we won't be here! We don't have time to waste on the likes of you!"
 "You all right, Vance?"
 "Yeah," I groaned, rubbing my back. "Who the hell made him king of old auto parts?"
 "Nobody. We don't need to be concerned about him. Just a fool with bad attitude and not much else."
 Kooba finished filling the truck. After clinking the nozzle back on the pump, he pulled five dollars from his front pocket.
 "I'll settle up for the gas and we can get out of here before the dolt returns."
 We headed back to Tamaqua with a conviction neither of us had before. We worked hard and no one would deny us our success.
 In November, we checked the weather report every day. Waiting for the first major snow fall. The balmy days allowed us to work late into the year but only as long as the remote access road remained open.
 By Christmas, twelve inches of snow covered the area. We couldn't work over the holiday so I invited Reese to go skiing. I picked her up early for the drive to Promised Land Mountain in the Poconos.
 We parked at the base and unloaded our equipment. I took off my sunglasses and stared at the natural beauty of the mountain, untouched by the coal pirates that vandalized Tamaqua.
 With skis perched on our shoulders, we trudged through the drifts of Culver Pass. Half way up, Reese and I put on our equipment and wedge stepped the rest of the way to the start of the trail. We positioned ourselves at the rim and checked our gear.
 Reese observed, "This path seems wide open. Don't forget, we'll have to slow down at the base to get through the tree line."
 We pushed off with our ski poles and launched ourselves down the broad uncluttered white surface before us. With bent knees, I leaned forward, feeling the rush of air against my cheeks.
  Looking behind me, I saw Reese pushing her poles with unbounded intensity.
 We whooshed down the precipitous incline, gaining speed on the clean, fresh snow. Time, people and places seemed irrelevant. All thoughts disappeared as I absorbed the exhilaration of careening down the mountain at brisk speed.
 Our skis drew endless lazy Ss in the untouched white powder.
 Jolted out of my serenity, I saw the wide green line on the horizon. Another few minutes and we would reach the tree line near the base. We skidded to the left and right, trying to decrease our speed before we encountered the forty foot pine trees and uneven terrain.
 We bobbed and weaved back and forth, skis bouncing and twisting, trying to remain upright. My left ski must have hit a rock buried under the snow. I flipped high in the air, cart wheeling over and over. Snow dashed upward in a wide arc and settled in a light dusting, all over me.
 Reese must have spotted my blue jacket as I tried to sit up. She came straight toward me and then skidded to a complete stop.
 Pulling off her sunglasses and staring down at me, she stifled a chuckle, "What happened?"
 Moaning, I mumbled, "Damn rocks."
 Breaking out in laughter, she held out her hand and helped me get up.
 I checked out my arms and legs. Everything seemed to work okay.
 Offering a sheepish grin, I surrendered, "How about we head for the coffee shop?"
 Looking full of the devil, she challenged, "Race you there."
 We rounded up my skis and poles and whizzed down the rest of the mountain to the resort below.
 After stacking our skis on the car rack, we tromped up the rustic log steps to the restaurant.
 Pushing our way past the throng of holiday skiers, we found an open booth near the front window overlooking the immense mountain range.
 We ordered coffee and donuts, listened to Ricky Nelson on the juke box and enjoyed each other's company.
 Reese sounded concerned, "You took quite a spill."
 "Yeah, guess I came down the mountain a little too fast."
 "It's just like you, Vance. Always pushing the edge.
 "Anyway, thanks for bringing me up here. I haven't seen much of you lately."
 "Yeah, I've been busy, Reese. School and the mine."
 "I worry about you. Two people died in those mountains last summer. The Stoiber boy fell into an open strip mine and a cave-in crushed one of the Teklers. Look, the bakery still hires extra students for the holidays. The work doesn't pay much but no one dies there. Please consider it."
 "Don't fret. I enjoy being my own boss and accept the risk. Only a fool would take mining for granted. We check and double check everything. Besides, Kooba and I have a deal.
 Reese sat there for a moment, staring at me. She reached out and touched my cheek. Sadness replaced her smile, as I watched her eyes start to water.
 "I can't tell you what to do. You have to pursue whatever you think is right. But I see danger and for some reason, you don't. Please, just be careful."
 "Hey. Hey. I promise. I will."
 I kissed her hand as we looked at each other. Just Reese and me, as the world around us faded away.
                                                            ****
 My life seemed to have reached a plateau of normal pursuits. I busied myself with day to day rituals. Pop worked some long hours so we almost never saw him. Reese and I put our differences behind us.
 The holidays came and went. Winter passed and yielded to the first warm days of spring. But my existence had all the earmarks of shifting sand, reluctant to let my complacency last for long.
 After school, on a warm afternoon in May, I pulled my car up the driveway and strolled into our house. Silence thickened the air. No television. No radio. I could hear my own breathing.
 "Mom? I yelled, over and over."
 I hurried up the stairs and checked the bedrooms, nothing. I checked the garage, bathroom and laundry room, same thing. Panicking, I ran across the yard to the old house which Pop built in 1938. It used to be a rental but now doubled as a storage area. No sign of Mom.
 Although she would never visit the next door neighbors, I called them anyway. No one had seen her.
 My heart stopped pounding when I saw Pop's 1957 Chevy pull in the driveway. He would know what to do.
 I ran out the front door and met him in the driveway. Trying to control my fear, I yapped, "Mom's gone, I can't find her anywhere."
 "God damn it. Where the hell did she go this time?"
 "Should we call the police?"
 "Nah. We'll have to wait twenty four hours for that. I'll make some calls first."
 Pop and I headed for the phone in our living room. He pulled out his address book and started calling people in the valley. No one had seen her.
 Around five, we decided to take a short break and get something to eat. While we sat at the kitchen table, eating left over roast beef and potatoes, the phone rang. Pop answered it.
 "Hello? Effie? Okay. We'll be there in thirty minutes."
 Pop turned to me, "Your mother walked to Tamaqua. She doesn't want to leave Effie and Yeller's place."
 We put the leftovers away and drove into town. Yeller's place sat at the bottom of Poe Street. Nerves frazzled, we walked up to his front door and rang the buzzer. Effie greeted us with a look of concern then led Pop and me to the living room. Mom sat on an overstuffed, black couch with a small suitcase beside her.
 As we entered, she proclaimed, "I won't go home."

Chapter 12
 Embarrassed, my cheeks flushed red. I considered the problems in our family a private matter. Now, Mom involved Effie, Yeller's wife.
 Effie's living room looked beautiful. The walls, brilliant white and adorned with all sorts of elegant knick knacks. Horses, poodles and other assorted animals, all painted a glossy black. She backed up, as if not wanting to be in the middle of Mom and Pop's confrontation, about to start.
 Pop walked on thick black carpeting past their luxurious furniture, colored in what appeared to be a flat black lacquer. He stopped at a large coffee-table covered with numerous pictures, framed in gold.
 I thought of how different our living room appeared. Small, austere, with old, worn furniture on a cheap tile floor. 
 I walked to the couch and sat down beside Mom.
 "Please come home", I pleaded.
 She frowned, eyebrows arched, arms folded in front of her, "That depends on your father."
 Pop wore a poker face. Not exhibiting any emotion at all.
 Ignoring her statement, he demanded, "You've bothered Effie enough. Let's go."
 "No. You've got to do an about face on our life before I'll go anywhere."
 "I won't stand here and argue with you. We can settle this at home."
 She looked up at him for a moment and then rose to her feet, "Settle? You and I have wasted years trying to lead an orderly life. Instead, we cling to this fantasy, yet accepting less than happiness, less than respect.
 "You can't even admit to yourself that I need help. You let me sneak away to Maryland and see a psychiatrist. But you won't let me see anyone here. You fear what the neighbors will say. Poor Mrs. Remke. She went crazy, you know. Each day, I feel myself slipping away a little more. If you can't help me, let me go."
 Pop, unresponsive, just stood there. Rigid, like a stone wall. Silence flooded the room. I sensed that Mom and Pop reached an impasse.
 Effie interrupted, "Bernice can stay the night. You both need time to think. Walter, why don't you and Vance go home, get some sleep, and come back in the morning."
 Pop looked at Effie and shrugged his shoulders, "I apologize for you getting in the middle of this. I can put her up at the Majestic Hotel for the night."
 "No. I insist. You and Bernice have been our friends for a long time. I couldn't let her stay alone in a hotel at a time like this."
 Mom, looking less defiant, offered, "Thank you, Effie, for your kindness."
 I wanted to say something, anything. But this involved Mom and Pop, not me. Unlike before, she couldn't pick me up from school and leave for Schnecksville. As a teenager, I had my own life now. Besides, Mom no longer had access to the family savings account.
 As we paused at the front door, Effie warned, "Walter, she needs your support and understanding. Bernice seems adamant about leaving. I'll do what I can but the rest is up to you. Perhaps with a fresh start in the morning, you two can sort it out."
 I understood why Mom fled to the Swento's and felt helpless to do anything about it. My mother made me promise not to say anything about her years of turmoil.
 As we drove home, Pop cursed in a low voice, "Damn her. She'll find out what it's like to be on the street soon enough."
 Hearing him talk about her that way made every muscle in my body ripple with anger. I felt like a volcano, pressure building higher and higher, ready to blast the top off with a massive fury. I fought an internal battle with my conscience and pure animal rage. I couldn't hold it inside any longer.
 With madness shattering around me, I roared, "Why don't you leave Mom alone? You've made her suffer enough. "
 Pop recoiled and shot back, "What the hell do you know. Nothing. Less than zero. So shut up."
 "I know what you've done to her. She told me. Mom should have left you years ago."
 We careened down the road, yelling back and forth. Minutes later, Pop squealed into the driveway and mashed hard on the brakes.
 As we got out of the car, he ignored me and walked straight to the front door and unlocked it.
 "Admit it. You don't love Mom. If you did, she wouldn't want to leave. You failed her. She needs your help, damn it. Do something."
 With a stone cold voice, he grated, "You've had your say, boy. Now, I'll have mine. I'm not letting you in here tonight. You can sleep in the street for all I care."
 Before I could react, he walked into the house and locked the door behind him. My mind reeled with everything that happened, not only the last few hours, but my whole life. Visions of all the physical and mental abuse welled up like a massive tidal wave.
 Driven by raw emotion, I slammed my body against the door. Bits of wood and splinters exploded everywhere as the door-frame gave way. When I entered the house, Pop came toward me, a pipe clenched in his hand. With a vicious look on his face, he lifted it high in the air. Before he could strike, I ripped the weapon from him. For the first time in my life, I saw fear in his eyes. At that moment, I understood that I could never be like him and let the pipe drop to the floor.
 High on adrenaline, I rasped, "If you don't call the cops, I won't either."
 Without waiting for an answer, I turned to the stairs and walked up the fifteen varnished pine steps to the top. I looked down at Pop as he stared into space.
 I strode into my bedroom, turned on a light and closed the door behind me. I felt comforted, seeing things so familiar to me. My Tamaqua High School pennant, pinned to the wall. A portrait picture of Reese sat on an end table. Assorted black and white pictures of friends from high school, stuck everywhere at random angles. Magazine pages with photos of James Dean and Marilyn Monroe, ripped out and added to the collage.
 Without warning, I heard what sounded like someone pounding and cutting wood. Yes. Yes, of course. It had to be Pop repairing the door. My father, the perfectionist. He couldn't wait until morning.
 I could visualize him trimming out the jagged pieces of wood and fitting a replacement strip in its place. The mating of the door hardware would have to be flawless before he considered the work completed.
 As my emotions calmed, I tried to reflect on what happened in the last several hours. A line had been crossed. A position taken. But my brain just couldn't deal with it all. I started to feel exhausted from this irrational roller coaster ride.
 I sat on my bed, looking at the mementos that I had accumulated for my little world. Several minutes later, I laid down, my clothes still on. Eyes blinking, trying to stay awake. Sleep brought peace for a small amount of time.

Chapter 13
 Slumber dominated my existence until something jabbed my shoulder.
 "Vance. Wake up. Come on, boy. Get up."
 My mouth smacked of dry sand as I tried to focus. Pop stood at the head of my bed and sipped from a large white mug. My nostrils flared as I smelled the aroma of fresh brewed coffee.
 "Come on. Clean up. I called Effie this morning. We can get your mother in an hour."
 "She wants to come home?"
 "Yeah. I know. She wanted to leave this time, for sure. Well, let's face it, boy, she has nowhere to go. Her sister can't take her and her parents died years ago."
 He turned and left the room. I heard him walk downstairs to the kitchen. Rolling out of bed, I pulled off my clothes and stumbled to the door. With clean clothes under my arm, I marched to the shower. I lost sense of time as the steaming water sprayed down on me.
 Pop shouted from the kitchen, "We leave in thirty minutes."
 Annoyed at his deadline, I finished, dried and slipped into fresh blue jeans, white shirt and sneakers.
 Minutes later, I searched the kitchen cupboards and fridge for food. I made a bowl of cereal and poured a cold glass of orange juice. Hands loaded, I sat across from Pop, at the kitchen table.
 He read the morning paper, as if nothing had happened last night. I went about eating my breakfast.
 We sat in silence. What else could be said? I wanted Mom safe at home.
 Before long, Pop instructed, "Don't forget to wash your plate before we leave. No need to have your mother come home to dirty dishes."
 "Sure, I'll clean it, soon as I finish."
 How strange, I thought. Our family, on the verge of collapse and he wants the dishes clean. Yet, I sense a conciliatory tone in his voice. How can I understand this man, my father? Just when I've made up mind that he has no feelings, he bewilders me with his kindness.
 I finished my meal and walked to the white porcelain sink. Setting the dirty dish and spoon inside, I washed, wiped and stowed them in the cabinet.
 As I finished, Pop ordered, "All right, let's get going, boy. No need to keep your mother waiting."
 The muscles in my neck tightened as I prepared for the approaching trip to Effie's place.
 I forced a stiff smile and offered, "I want to bring Mom home, too."
 Pop straightened out the couch pillows as he approached the front door.
 "Scanning the rest of the room, he observed, "Okay, everything looks tidy. We can go now but we'll stop by the florist on the way."
 We closed the repaired door behind us and walked into the bright sunlight of a fresh new day.
 Optimism flooded my heart and mind. I thought of my parents reaching some neutral place, keeping the last few members of our family together.
 As we walked to Pop's station-wagon, I gazed at the world around me. The pine forest on the horizon to the south, the rich green mountain behind me and the valley in between. How could misery exist in such a place of tranquility?
 We climbed in and slammed the doors closed as we rolled down the driveway.
 Quiet dominated as Pop drove past the neighbors' houses and down the winding half mile past the city limits.
 Without taking his eyes off the road, he mumbled, "No need to tell your mother about last night."
 "Yeah. Sure."
 I wanted to put that ugliness behind me. My feelings grew nauseous every time I thought about the events that cast me on that violent path.
 We drove down Main Street, turned left toward the west end of town and pulled up in front of the florist.
 Pop fidgeted for a moment before divulging his feelings, "I blew off some steam last night. Matter of fact, I could never throw your mother out. Vance. I won't abandon this family, like your grandfather deserted me.
 I sat in shock. For sixteen years, I looked for a chink in his armor. Something that showed he loved us. This day had finally come.
 My father opened his car door and beckoned, "Come on, let's take a look inside."
 Pop walked to the counter next to a flower chiller at the far end. He smiled at the young girl busy cutting and arranging flowers.
 He ordered, "I want six roses, red ones, ma'am. Make them with short stems and fancy gold paper."
 The girl stopped her activities and walked to the large cooler. Pulling out six flowers, she snipped the stems to length and bundled them.
 He pulled a wad of bills from his front pocket and peeled off three dollars.
 With the roses tucked under his arm, he commiserated, "I hope these will help smooth last night's disaster. Let's get your mother."
 We headed back to Main Street and turned up Becker Hill toward Swento's place. We arrived several minutes later to find Mrs. Swento sitting on the front porch. Before we could reach the sidewalk, Effie, arms folded in front of her, walked with short, brisk steps to meet us.
 "Walter, before Bernice comes out, we should talk."
 Pop looked puzzled and questioned, "Okay, what has she told you?"
 Effie's face pursed in anger.
 "What happened to you, Walter? Yeller and I have known you for over forty years. But we don't really at all. Yes, Bernice and I talked about how you've been treating her. Now that I know, I'll be talking to Bernice often. She better not have to go through this ever again. For God's sake, help her. Okay, .I've said my piece. I'll let her know you're here."
 Effie walked into the red brick townhouse and returned several minutes later with Mom. She looked tired with dark circles under her eyes.
 I reached for the suitcase clutched under her arm and put it in the trunk.
 Pop opened the passenger door and looked down at his feet as Mom approached.
 With a sheepish grin, he offered the flowers and sighed, "For you."
 She took the flowers and stared at him with glaring eyes, saying nothing as she slid into the front seat.
 Effie walked up to the passenger window and blasted, "You call me anytime, day or night, for anything, you hear."
 Mom nodded and whispered, "Thanks for your kindness and understanding."
 I jumped into the back seat, feeling relieved that Mom decided to come home.
 As we drove away, I looked back at Effie, her face etched with worry, watching us as we disappeared down the street.

Chapter 14
 Mom and I lived a subdued existence as the weeks drifted by. We worked hard to stay out of Pop's way.
 After school, the mine dominated my life. On weekends, Kooba and I sold our bags of coal on every street of the northwest side.
I saw Reese during lunch and on Saturday and Sunday nights. We hung out at the soda shop, took in a movie or went roller skating.
 Early one morning, I met Reese and her girlfriends in the school lobby next to the basketball trophy case. As I approached, she seemed upset.
 "Vance. Have you heard the news about Ron Keler."
 "No. Did he finally take the day off and go to New York City? He's been talking about it for weeks."
 The tears rolling down her face told me something terrible had happened.
 "His parents found him last night on their farm in New Ringold. He drove a tractor into the foothills. They say he turned too sharp on a steep incline. The tractor rolled over and killed him."
 Dazed, my thoughts jumbled, racing. My stomach tied in knots.
 "Ron? No, it can't be. Our road trip to Fort Lauderdale. We have to go there next summer after we graduate."
 I wrapped my arms around Reese and grieved as students walked past us, oblivious to a world without my friend.
 The following day, school posted a notice on the bulletin board. Services for Ron Keler would be held at Zion Lutheran Church, New Ringold at six in the evening.
 Reese and I took off after school and drove through the gentle rolling countryside south of Tamaqua to the white clapboard church set in the middle of rich farmland.
 As we approached, a preacher dressed in black met us on the front steps.
 His brown hair, slicked straight back complemented a thick, bushy moustache and beard.
 He looked at us with compassion, a bible held tight between his hands.
 "Did you know Ron?"
 I responded, "Yes. We considered him a good friend."
 "Thank you for coming. Please take a seat inside."
 We walked past the large wooden doors to austere looking pews. A rustic cross and alter dominated the lectern.
 Other people sat in front, engaged in restrained conversation. Reese guided us to a pew in the back.
 As we sat down, I saw Ron's coffin. At that moment, I realized the finality of it all. I would never see him again.
 I watched as people continued to come in, filling all the seats, leaving only standing room in the rear.
 Several minutes later, the preacher walked up the aisle to the pulpit. The room turned quiet. All eyes turned to him. He opened the bible and gazed at the room filled with the lives that Ron must have touched.
 A broad array of people filled the pews. Men dressed in suits and others in overalls, my guess, having just finished their farm chores. Women in dresses with frilly Dutch embroidery. Students from Tamaqua High School.
 His attention focused on the front row for a few moments as he offered comforting words to Ron's parents.
 I listened with a heavy heart as he eulogized the sum existence of a boy and his pointless death.
 As relatives carried Ron to the waiting undertaker's limousine, we tendered our final goodbye.
 On the drive back to Tamaqua, Reese cuddled up to me. We felt no need to talk, taking comfort in just being there for each other.
                                                            ****
 Over the next two weeks, I prepared for the close of school and the beginning of summer.
 I completed final exams and turned in my books. Free until September.
 Kooba made arrangements to work for the Pennsylvania Power and Light Co. He hated spraying weed killer around high voltage lines. The fumes burned his lungs but they paid a buck seventy five an hour.
 As for me, Pop set up a construction job. A new appliance products factory in Pottsville.
 As we arrived at the job site on a Monday morning, Yeller shouted from the scaffold, "Hey! You sure have grown since last year. I'd guess at least a couple of inches taller and maybe even put on some muscle."
 "Yeah, I imagine so. I've been working part time at a bootleg mine. It keeps me in good shape."
 Pop kept busy with the inventory of people and materials before starting time. Then he headed to the construction shack to meet with the company manager.
 Yeller climbed down from the scaffold and walked toward me.
 "Effie tells me Walter made peace with your mother."
 "Yeah. They haven't killed each other, so far."
 "Good, no one can claim perfection, including your parents."
 "Why do you care so much about them?"
 "Your father and I fought a war together. Terrible things happened. To survive, we watched out for each other. That kind of thing bonds people for life."
 Our conversation ended when I heard shouting and ran to the construction shack.
 A loud noise resonated from the door as Pop slammed it with all his might.
 I felt uneasy as he walked toward us with clenched fists.
 "Those god damn Heims. They hold the contract for this construction job. The sons a bitches think they can bring in scab labor and cheat us out of our union wages. To hell with them, we'll make those bastards pay."
 Yeller chimed in, "Walter, you know those Heim brothers. They have more violations than any other contractor in the county. Don't mess around, let's take it to the union rep this morning.
 Pop rasped, "You damn right. Come on, we have some business at Union Hall."
 We piled into Pop's station-wagon with vengeance on our mind. The ride to downtown Pottsville took about fifteen minutes. Enough time to think about how the Heims won a bid on this factory.
 My father surmised, "Those good-for-nothing cheats. Of course. I should have seen it right away. The new Pennfield Industrial Park. If they bypass the union on this contract, they win every new job in the park by low balling the bids, using scabs. I won't let that happen."

Chapter 15
 We pulled up to the old four story brick building, home to Union Hall. Over the front door, a large bronze plaque with raised lettering proclaimed to the world - Union Local 317. We swaggered into the lobby and met a cute brunette seated behind the reception desk.
 Pop announced, "We need to see Stuey right away."
 "Mr. Mcbride is in a meeting until noon."
 "Look, we don't have time for this," Yeller sighed.
 She tried to stop us but with Pop leading the way, we kept walking all the way to a portal marked - Stuart McBride, Union President.
 Pop opened the large oak door and we barged in to see three men sitting around a table covered with documents, maps and drawings. Two of the men grabbed the papers and scrambled to stuff them into several briefcases.
 A barrel-chested man with a full beard and wrinkled suit, stood up and shouted, "Walter, what the hell! Have you gone mad? I'm in the middle of a meeting!"
 The other two men, dressed in expensive looking suits, stood up and excused themselves.
 My father raged, "Stuey, we need your god damn help. The Heim boys stole the contract on the Colabs plant by low balling the bid. Over half the bricklayers turned up scabs."
 Stuey inquired, "When did this happen?"
 "This morning. The construction super thought he could walk all over me. I almost slugged the bastard," Pop grated with indignation.
 "But you didn't. Good," Stuey retorted with confidence. "Bad publicity won't help us. We need the city council on our side."
Yeller questioned, "What do we do now?"
 Stuey proposed, "Walter, the men respect you. We need to rally all the union bricklayers to a meeting here on Saturday. Can you handle it?"
 Walter affirmed, "You can count on me."
 I felt inspired. This imperfect father had a side I never knew.
 Pop instructed, "Looks like you're going to work a telephone instead of a cement boat."
 Stuey left the meeting room. Several minutes later he returned with several boxes.
 "These files contain all the names of the rank and file members of Union 317.
 Pop grabbed a hand full of folders, sat down and started dialing. Yeller and I followed his lead, taking as many files as we could hold. Soon we immersed ourselves in a non-stop quest to call everyone before the Heim boys found out.
                                                            ****
On Saturday morning, Pop and I prepared to leave for the rally. I didn't want to attend but he insisted.
 "This rally concerns the union. I don't belong there, Pop."
 "Listen, these men will be looking for solidarity. The union wants them to go on strike. We need everyone there. That includes you."
 We drove west through Lewistown Valley past all the farms and thick forest to the south side of Pottsville. Arriving at Union Hall, we found the meeting place overflowing with people. Pop and I worked our way through the noisy crowd to the front. We joined Stuey, Yeller and the rest of the crew from the Colabs job.
 Several minutes later, Stuey cracked a heavy wood gavel on the table in front of him. "All right. Simmer down. Let's get this meeting started."
 I heard the noise level fall from a loud roar to silence. A sense of reverence fell over the hall. Those walls enclosed the best bricklayers, journeymen and apprentices in Schuylkill County.
 "The union appreciates your coming to the meeting this morning. A rogue contractor threatens all our jobs and we need your help. We have to take action. Now, I'll turn this over to Walter Remke."
 "Thank you Stuey. You know the Heim Brothers Construction Company and their reputation for shoddy work and bid rigging. Well, this time they committed the greatest sin. Scabs. They hired scabs for the Colabs project. They work for half the pay, sucking the strength out of everything the union stands for."
 "You want us to go on strike? You know, we have families to feed," yapped someone from the audience.
 "We can support a strike from the union fund for the next six months, if needed," Stuey chimed in.
 Pop asserted, "Look, the Heims and everyone like them threaten our way of life. The union has to take a stand and fight them. We need to strike."
 Without warning, the crowd sprang to their feet, chanting, "Strike! Strike! Strike!"
 A wave of excitement washed over me as I stood up and yelled along with the crowd. I had no idea what tomorrow would bring but looked forward to every minute.
 By morning, as the sun peered low over the horizon, Pop and I joined a throng of strikers in front of the job site. A cement slab, piles of cinder blocks, steel beams, bulldozers and back hoes dominated the lot. We formed a barrier to stop access to the work area.
 Several hours later, a black Lincoln Continental pulled into the driveway and the back door opened. A figure wearing tailored gray slacks, white shirt and aviator style sunglasses stepped out.
 "Well, if it aint old man Heim," Yeller grated with sarcasm.
                                                            ****
 I remembered the elder contractor from five years earlier when Pop and Buck volunteered to lay block on construction of the New England Fire Company. After finishing the building, local firemen held a bean soup supper for all volunteers and their families. Bitter resentment existed even then between Pop and Dobby Heim.
 During the meal, old man Heim walked to our table and belched his caustic bile, "My boys tell me you and Buck lay four hundred blocks on the fire station in one day. How come you never laid that many for me?"
 "Well Dobby, when you start paying union scale, we just might accommodate an equal measure of work."
                                                            ****
 My daydreaming ended when Dobby Heim approached Pop.
 "What the hell have you done, Remke?" the stocky, white haired man snarled, putting his hands on his hips.
 Pop declared, "You best leave now, Heim. The bricklayers' local 317 voted to strike as of yesterday. No one works here until we say so."
 The strikers yelled, jeered and cursed the old man. However, Dobby Heim looked unemotional, detached. He stood there, hands still on his hips, staring at each man on the line.
 "Do you think it ends here, Remke? You better start looking over your shoulder from this day forward. No one gets in my way for long."
 Pop seemed calm as he folded his arms and smiled. Dobby Heim sauntered back to his car and slammed the door. The union held the line. No one dared to cross.
 As the days passed, our efficiency improved. Everyone worked a rotating shift. Women made soup and sandwiches. Men set up picket signs and carried news from Union Hall. Our confidence bolstered by a lack of resistance from the Heims.
 Pop and I drew the afternoon shift. We arrived around four, walked the picket line, ate dinner, walked some more. As each hour passed, the sun descended over the horizon.
 Engaged in conversation, I didn't pay any attention to the old Ford pickup truck parked at the far end of the street. Without warning, it screeched onto the road, speeding past us.
 In the truck bed, two men holding what appeared to be shotguns, took aim. I heard a barrage of loud, short bursts like firecrackers and saw the flashing of gun fire. Deafening, soul piercing screams and a racing engine interspersed as I watched the truck disappear down Cider Road.
 Numerous strikers lay on the ground, moaning for help. I ran to one of the men riddled with buckshot. Tearing off my shirt, I wrapped his wound and applied pressure to stop the bleeding.
 Seconds later, I heard Pop yell, "Vance, beat it over to the gas station on Fifth Street! Call the police and an ambulance! Hurry!"
 My senses floundered as Pop limped toward me, his pant leg covered in blood. He collapsed on the ground, clutching his thigh, a look of intense pain on his face.
 "My God. You've been hit. I'll try to stop the bleeding."
 I removed my belt and started to wrap it around his leg.
 He grabbed my arm and commanded, "I told you to get moving, boy. Yeller can take care of this."
 I stood up, looking at Pop, not believing the catastrophe before my eyes. Blood started to pool on the ground beneath his leg. Part of me wanted to sass, No. I'm going to finish this. But I knew better. He never gave in. Never compromised. It had to be his way.
 So, instead of arguing, I scrambled to the car, parked two blocks away. Arriving, out of breath, my fingers fumbled for the keys.
 Come on. Turn the ignition, get it in gear. Go.
 Minutes later, I squealed into the only gas station for miles. Car still running, drivers door wide open, my feet pounded the pavement toward a phone booth. Shoving my way inside, I grabbed the weathered telephone book inside and flipped through the yellow pages.
 A swirl of violent scenes kept running through my mind as I made the calls. Hanging up, I took a deep breath, paused for a moment, then continued my frenzied pace back to Pop.
 I heard a low wail of sirens in the night as I pulled into Pennfield Industrial Park. People scurried about, talking, animated. I ran toward the throng of strikers.
 I roared, "Pop! Pop!" bobbing and weaving through the crowd. A familiar voice called out, "Vance. Over here."
Pop seemed unconscious, his body motionless, on the ground. Yeller bellowed above the chaos, "I bandaged Walter's leg but he lost a lot of blood. Damn it. We need a meat wagon, now."
 Frantic, I turned and ran to the middle of the street. The sirens continued to wail. They sounded close now.
 "Come on!" I screamed, looking for any sign of the ambulances. Pacing back and forth for what seemed like an eternity, at last they pulled in front of all the turmoil. I ran to one of the paramedics and grabbed him by the arm. "Over here."
 The paramedic checked Pop for vital signs and prepped him for transport to the hospital. They lifted him onto a gurney and rolled it into the ambulance. I climbed in and sat next to him. He looked so vulnerable. Not the man I feared for so many years.
 The siren warbled while a noisy two way radio barked information to the paramedics. I grabbed onto the edge of Pop's gurney as the ambulance pitched back and forth, picking up speed.
 When we approached the emergency entrance, his eyes opened and he tried to sit up. Leaning forward, I put my hand on his shoulder.
 "Don't worry. I'll call Mom once the docs look at you."
 In a raspy voice, he responded, "She doesn't need to know the details. Tell her I've been hurt. No more."
 I nodded in agreement, pushed back on the bench and breathed a deep sigh.

Chapter 16
 I lied to Mom about the bullet wound but not for long. News of the shoot out hit the local papers by next morning. When Mom and I arrived at the hospital, she scolded us like school children. I had to restrain my giddy mood because Pop didn't have the energy to fight back. He could only lay there, passive and compliant.
 Later in the afternoon, I took Mom home for lunch and came back alone. Pop dozed in and out of sleep while I sat in his room, reading a magazine. However, a knock at the door interrupted our comfortable solitude. To my surprise, Stuey's secretary walked in.
 "Hi. Remember me? Mona Banks from Union Hall. I'd like to talk with your father."
 I looked across the room. Pop seemed peaceful, having just taken a pain killer after lunch.
 "Can you come back later?"
 "Please, it can't wait. I have to do this now."
 Sensing urgency in her voice, I tapped Pop on the arm until he opened his eyes.
 "Pop, Stuey's secretary, Ms. Banks, wants to talk with you."
 He wiped his eyes and propped himself up with a pillow. Pop looked puzzled.
 "What can I do for you, Mona?"
 "I have information about Mr. McBride and the Pennfield Industrial Park."
 She sat in the chair next to his bed. After a long pause of silence, Mona pulled a file from her purse and handed it to Pop.
 "Stewart has been involved in the Pennfield Project since last year. The Heim brothers kick back five percent on every project they win.
 Pop looked shocked. He stared at Mona for a moment as if he didn't believe her.
 "He supported the strike. Helped us organize."
 "I believe Stewart gambled that everyone would accept the contract after the strike fund ran out. He never expected strikers to be shot or how determined they would be to win."
 "Why tell me?"
 "The men look up to you and I believe only someone they respect can end it. This whole thing went too far when you and the others could have been killed."
 She leaned over Pop's bed, pulled some papers from her purse and handed them to him.
 "The file should give you everything you need."
 He flipped through the documents, page by page. Pop's forehead wrinkled as he appeared to read with intense focus. Several minutes later, he nodded.
 "This looks bad."
 Ms. Banks questioned, "Will you call the police?"
 "Yes, this afternoon."
 Mona reached over and touched Pop's arm.
 "Good. I come from a family of bricklayers. I want them safe."
 "I'll help anyway I can," Pop assured.
 She added, "Mr. McBride has a meeting with Heim Construction Company tomorrow morning. He'll pull this file from his personal safe before the conference. I'll need to put it back before then."
 "You can have it this evening after we copy the information."
 "Thank you, Mr. Remke and good luck."
 She stood up and walked out the door.
 "I need pen and paper," Pop instructed. "Go down to the gift shop and pick up one of those ruled tablets and a good pen. Not a cheap, foreign throw-away. And before you go, bring that phone over here."
 Pop continued to read the file as I positioned the telephone next to him. Then I hoofed it downstairs to the gift shop. Upon my return, I found him talking on the phone, his demeanor, serious and intense.
 "Yes. I have the file with me. Then you'll send someone over this afternoon? Okay. St. Joseph's Hospital, third floor, ask the nurse for my room. Yes. Okay. Goodbye."
 He hung up, exhaled a long, deep breath then lay back in the bed.
 "The police want to look at the file. You'll have to copy it. I can't. Too exhausted." 
 He handed the brown manila folder to me and closed his eyes. I started copying the pages, detailed with project names, dates and dollar amounts. After several hours, I finished, closed the file and neatly stacked the sheets of lined paper on top.
 Standing up, I stretched, walked the floor for several minutes and later relaxed in the lounge chair next to Pop's bed. Just as my eyes started to close, a tall man tapped on the door-frame. He took several steps into the room and showed a badge.
 "Pottsville Police. I need to talk with Walter Remke," the dark, square jawed, man declared.
 Pointing to Pop, still asleep, I shot back, "He's been expecting you."
 With a commanding voice, he yapped, "Mr. Remke. Mr. Remke. We need to talk."
 As Pop stirred from his afternoon nap, the officer looked at me and in a no-nonsense tone apprised, "You'll have to leave."
 Looking at Pop, I suggested, "I'll be in the visitor's room."
 An hour dragged by as I watched local news and Kate Smith on television. My patience exhausted, I walked back and sat in the aisle just outside Pop's room. A constant mumbling emanated from inside. Anxious, I placed my ear against the door.
 "Do you think Ms. Banks had any involvement?"
 "I don't know. She seemed concerned. My gut says she just wants justice."
 "Well, until we know for sure, one of my men will tail her."
 "What about the file?" Pop questioned.
 "Give it back and tell her you've talked with us. Nothing more. I'll keep the copy as evidence."
 "What else do you need?"
 "I can't think of anything. With the file, Ms. Banks as a witness and your testimony we have probable cause to search Heim's office tomorrow. I'll let you get some rest."
 Silence flooded the air. Sudden anxiety hit me when I realized they had finished. In a panic, I stumbled to a chair just as the officer opened the door. He stopped for a moment and looked straight at me. I felt flustered and hoped it didn't show. Squirming, I tried to look uninvolved.
 In a husky voice, he inquired, "You Walter's boy?"
 "Yes sir, the youngest."
 "Well, take good care of him. He needs rest. You can go in now."
 "Thank you, sir."
 I watched the officer disappear down the hall before walking into Pop's room. He had propped himself up with a pillow and looked alert.
 "They serve dinner in twenty minutes. Do you want to join me or go home?"
 I looked at the clock on the wall. Twenty minutes to five. My curiosity at a high pitch, I wanted to be with Pop when Mona came back. So I opted to stay.
 "The hospital food tastes bad but I'll join you for dinner anyway, Pop."
 "Fine by me. Grab a deck of cards from the end table. We can have a quick game of duce's wild."
 Pop and I played until supper came, ate meat-loaf, mashed potatoes and Jello. Shuffled some more cards. Read magazines. Just before eight, we heard a knock at the door. Pop motioned to Mona as she walked in. She fidgeted, wiping strands of hair behind her ears.
 Mouth pulled tight and eyebrows arched, she questioned, "Did you talk to the police, Mr. Remke?"
 "Yes. This afternoon. I told them everything."
 "Did they say anything about me?"
 "The police want to talk after you return the file. No matter what happens, just tell them the truth. It took a lot of courage to do the right thing."
 Pop reached over to the end table and opened the drawer. He grabbed the file and handed it to her.
 "You best return this right away."
 "I'll put it back early tomorrow. Mr. McBride doesn't come in until nine."
 "Well. You stay safe. This will all be over soon."
 "I hope so. God bless you, Mr. Remke. Goodbye."
 She retraced her steps out the door and into the hall. Pop did all he could. Now, everything depended on her.
 We played another game of cards but my mind drifted elsewhere. Wondering how tomorrow would unfold. Around nine, as the last remnants of sun disappeared, I prepared to leave for the drive home.
 "Do you want me to bring anything back?"
 "Yeah, a fresh change of clothes. I'm going home tomorrow."
 "But you just got here. Did the doctor say you could leave?"
 "You just do what I told you, boy. I'll decide when to leave, not the doctor."
 An old feeling started to seep back into my consciousness. The one where I raise my mental shield. To protect me from him. We had been through so much the last few days. How foolish to think that anything changed.
 "Mom will have something to say."
 "Now boy, you leave her the hell out of this. Just go."
 I held myself back inside. A part of me wanted to say more but experience tempered my response. He had a will of iron that couldn't be moved.
 "Okay. I'll be back tomorrow morning. What time?"
 "The administration people come in at eight. Be here about then."
 The drive home raced by as my mind filled with thoughts of Mona. So many events hinged on her. Lives would be changed. And Pop. Will he ever walk the same again?

Chapter 17
 Arriving home, I found Mom sitting in the living room watching television, a book nestled in her lap. She looked at me with anticipation. I forced a smile, holding back my frustration with Pop.
 "Your father okay?"
 "Yes. He slept at lot. Except when he had visitors."
 "You look tired, dear. Can I fix you something to eat?"
 "Nah. I ate dinner at the hospital."
 She opened the novel and started to read. I plopped onto the couch and tried to watch television. After several minutes, unable to sit still, I confronted Mom with my anxiety.
 "Pop wants to come home and he doesn't care what the doctor says. Can he do that?"
 She stopped reading and stared at me for a moment. A tight lipped smirk on her face.
 "Yes. If he can get out of the bed."
 "I don't know but he appears to believe it."
 "Well, I can't stop him. Wouldn't try."
 Pop didn't follow the rules that most people live by. Mom accepted it and although reluctant, I did too.
 The events of the day drained me. My eyelids felt heavy and could only think about going to bed.
 "He wants me at the hospital by eight. Can you pick out something for him to wear?"
 "Of course. And you don't have to face him alone. I'll go with you."
 "Thanks, Mom."
 "You should get some sleep."
 "Yeah. Wake me at six. Okay?"
 "I'll have the coffee on."
                                                            ****
 The morning sun ascended over Blue Mountain as we arrived at the hospital. The start of another hot day. A few people sat in the lobby near the admissions office. Mom carried a paper bag filled with clean clothes. Stepping off the elevator, we ambled down the hall. Reaching Pop's room, through the open door, we saw him yelling.
 "Look, girly girl, you get my doctor. Right now."
 The nurse responded, "But Mr. Remke, I can't. He doesn't start until nine."
 "Well, I'll be gone by then."
 A thick knot formed in the pit of my stomach. Feet unable to move, I didn't want to enter that room.
 My mother, jaw thrust forward, eyes squinted and the demeanor of an attack dog, marched inside.
 "Go ahead. Beat her. Strike the nurse just like you hit me. See how far you get."
 The nurse looked shocked and bolted for the door, running past me. My body tensed, waiting for Pop to react.
 Mom thrust the paper bag at him and stood by the bed, her posture aggressive.
 "You can't just ram rod your way out of here. Have you even tried to walk?"
 "You stay out of this. I have a strike to settle and it can't wait. Not for you. Not for this hospital. Not for anyone."
Pop yanked his clothes out of the bag, stared at me for a moment, then waved his finger upward. "Close the curtain, boy."
 Mom stood by the door as I encircled his bed with the blue checked drape. Cursing and thrashing sounds emanated from behind the sheet for several minutes. Then a moment of silence followed by an abrupt, "Okay, let's get the hell out of here."
 I pulled the curtain back and found Pop rolling up the sleeves on his khaki shirt. Several minutes later a doctor entered the room. He walked to the clipboard hanging at the foot of the bed and started to read the chart, a serious look on his face.
 "The nurse tells me you want to leave this morning. Mr. Remke, your wound will take at least four weeks to heal and you'll need physical therapy. Without proper care, you risk gangrene or a limp for the rest of your life."
 "Doc, you have a job to do. Me too. The biggest labor scandal this town has ever seen will hit the streets this morning. I'll be with my men on the picket line when it happens."
 My eyes watered as I fought to hold back a tear. Men don't show their feelings. But pride overwhelmed me.
 The doctor, who seemed so sure of himself a moment earlier, now seemed at a loss for words. He looked at my father in awe, nodded his head and scribbled something on the chart.
 "Your bandage must be changed every day. Your worst enemy right now is an infection. I want to see you twice a week for the next four weeks. Can you do that?"
 My father, less defensive, assured him, "Yes. Thank you."
 The doctor and Pop shook hands. A tone of mutual respect permeated the air.
 "The nurse will bring crutches, bandages and some papers to sign. Good luck, Mr. Remke."
 With the efficiency of a drill sergeant, the doctor completed his writing and marched out of the room and down the hall. Mom and I gathered Pop's few belongings. As we waited for the nurse, Yeller dropped by with an update on the strike.
 "Our men held the line for the last two days, Walter. They want revenge, for you and the others. We can win this strike, no matter how long it takes."
 Pop confided, "We have the law on our side, unlike Dobby and his sons. And perhaps we'll see them get what for, today. The cops plan to raid Heim's office. I believe they'll find plenty of evidence to put them away for a long time.
 "I also have bad news. The Heims got to Stewie, damn it. He took their money. Now, he'll go down with those bastards."
 "Not Stewie. All those years. He built the union from nothing," Yeller lamented, shaking his head.
 All my nerves stood on edge, alert and ready for anything. Like waiting for a disaster to happen. I had to stand with Pop when he went back to the strike.
 The nurse brought a wheel chair for his exodus from the hospital and fitted him with crutches. With caution, he propelled himself from the edge of the bed to an upright position on the walking sticks. After several awkward minutes, he became comfortable with his new wooden companions.
 Pop had an entourage joining him as we left the room. Not only Mom, Yeller and me but also several tall, muscular guys, waiting in the hall. Strikers, according to Yeller. As we passed the attendant's station, the doctor and nurses took time out from their duties to see him off. Then down the elevator, through the lobby and out the front door.
 Pop cursed under his breath as he struggled out of the wheelchair. After settling into the passenger's seat, I heard him whisper to Yeller.
 "Would you give Bernice a ride home? Too much going on today."
 "Sure, Walter. I'll meet you at the Colabs building."
 "Thanks, Yeller."
 Pop closed the door and we pulled out of the hospital parking lot. Looking in the rear view mirror, I noticed the brawny strikers following us.
 My curiosity aroused, I inquired, "Do you work with those men?"
 "Don't worry about them, boy. They just want to make sure nothing happens to me."
 The drive through Pottsville seemed uneventful. People went about their lives, not knowing the law would soon punish several bad men.
 Arriving at the Colabs job site, a feeling of excitement coursed through me, seeing all those strikers. More than a hundred men strong, committed to a single purpose. Protecting their way of life.
 Parking near the crowd, I pulled Pop's crutches from the back seat. He opened his door and maneuvered himself in an upright position. Some strikers noticed Pop and flocked around him. A brother. A kindred bricklayer, come home.
 Like a fire running fast through a forest, strikers stopped talking and looked Pop's way. A few started clapping. Then more. Soon everyone. Pop worked his way through the crowd, shaking hands, talking with the men.
 My eyes followed him, absorbing every moment. This man, respected and admired by so many. My father.
 After several minutes, Pop raised his arm.
 "Thank you, thank you."
 He paused, as the din of the crowd died down.
 "Thank you, brave men of local 317. The Schuylkill Haven crew just told me great news. Their two boys should be out of the hospital in the next few days."
 The strikers let out a roar. The intensity so loud, it echoed through the valley.
 "If everything goes as planned, this strike will end soon. The Heim clan will no longer have the power to control new construction in Schuylkill County."
 Before Pop could say anything further, a police car pulled in front. I recognized one of the detectives from the hospital. He stepped out of the vehicle and walked toward us.
 "The hospital told me you'd be here, Mr. Remke."
 "Yeah. They did a good job of patching me up. What about the raid?"
 "We plan on taking McBride and Heim into custody this morning. If we hurry, you can watch them being transported to county jail.
 A broad smile came across Pop's face.
 "I'd like that."
 "Follow me. I'll get you through midtown traffic."
 Without hesitation, Pop hobbled toward my car.
 "Come on boy. We've got to get moving. Follow that police car."
 My heart started to race. Adrenaline pumped. Hands sweaty as I ran to my car. Pop not far behind. Seconds later, I pulled behind the black and white. Without warning, the police car screamed down the road, siren wailing. Groping for first gear, I rammed the gas pedal, struggling to keep control.
 "Stay with him, boy."
 "Yes sir. I'll do my best."
 My fingers curled tight around the steering wheel. Eyes focused only on the black and white. We raced down narrow streets and through red lights. An eerie whizzing sound filled my ears as we passed within inches of cars, parked on the side.
 Reaching the outskirts of town, we pulled onto the freeway. I watched the speedometer quickly climb to 90, 100, 110 miles an hour. I sensed the old car being stressed to its limits. A new kind of fear raced through my mind. At this speed, could we survive an accident?
 Fifteen minutes later, we slowed to enter East Pottsville Office Park. Every muscle in my body unwound as we drove several blocks into the campus. Building after building looked new and expensive. Suddenly, we saw several police cars with lights flashing. The black and white pulled in right behind them. The officer jumped from his vehicle and ran into one of the suites.
 "Pull over right here, boy. We'll walk the rest of the way."
 Pop shuffled from the car to the sidewalk. I paced my steps so Pop could keep up. A small crowd of passers-by formed around the police cars and the entrance to Heim Brothers, Construction Company.
 The minutes dragged by as we waited for someone to emerge from the front door. Finally, several policemen came out. Then, one by one, four men in handcuffs came out, each escorted by a policeman.
 I recognized Mr. McBride, head down, trying to hide his face from the crowd. Then old man Heim, looking angry, tugging against the grip of the policeman.
 Pop forced his way to the edge of the crowd as Heim walked toward the police car.
 "You lose, you son of a bitch. The men of Union 317 get their lives back today," Pop declared, as he grabbed old man Heim's arm.
 Dobby drew back against Pop's grip and could only muster a blank stare as the cop pushed him forward.
 The policeman who visited Pop in the hospital walked behind the last two men, both wearing handcuffs. The cop paused by my father, "These two Heim boys just confessed to the drive by shooting on the picket line. Facing attempted murder charges, they won't be out anytime soon."
 Pop beamed, "Thank you for bringing the Heims to justice."
 "Glad to help. Take care of that leg."
 Pop nodded as the Heim boys entered one of the police vehicles. We stood there until the last car faded from sight.
 My father declared, "Let's head back to the strike, boy. We have good news to deliver."
 The return drive seemed uneventful, until we arrived at the line. A van from the Pottsville television station parked near the picket line.
 Pop observed, "Looks like word about Heim reached the street."
 My curiosity ran high, as we walked toward a cluster of people, animated in conversation. I spotted Yeller talking to a well dressed woman. She held a pad and pencil, writing lickety-split. Yeller waved to us.
 "Come here, Walter. You can fill this young lady in on what happened this morning."
 "How did you uncover this scandal, Mr. Remke?"
 She recorded Pop's every word as the men formed a circle around them. I stood back and watched as this woman documented places, times and events. History would remember Pop for his integrity and commitment. But I saw through the aura enveloping my father. A man both heroic and oppressive. How will I ever reconcile my feelings with the two sides of this man? I can't.
 With our bricklayer's battle over, the men packed up signs, coffee pots, and clothes, getting ready to head home. While the afternoon wore on, Pop, Yeller and a small number of strikers remained, talking of plans for a new union president and protecting the integrity of the membership.
 Walking to my car, I waited for them to finish. As I started to drift into a nap, Pop opened the door and slid into the passenger's seat. He reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a pack of Chesterfield cigarettes. Snapping a smoke from the pack, he lit up and took a long draw.
 Leaning back in the seat, he enlightened, "Just received word from Mona at the union. Colabs cancelled its contract with Heim Brothers Construction Company today. It goes up for bid tomorrow. With any luck, we'll start work on Monday. We've had one hell of a day. Let's go home, boy."

Chapter 18
 The rest of the week, I talked about the strike to anyone who'd listen including the milk man and postal carrier. Celebrating my short term unemployment, I slept late, washed my car, hung out with friends at the 5 Point Diner.
 Saturday night, I invited Reese to Route 309 Bandstand. As we entered, I noticed girls lined up against the back wall and guys milling about, working up the courage to ask someone to dance. Couples on the dance floor embraced, swaying to a slow ballad. The lights, low and colored, complemented the cool music which resonated throughout the building.
 "Dance with me, Reese."
 "Not right now. Can you bring me a soda?"
 "Sure. I'll be right back."
 As I walked to the pop machine, someone behind me grumbled, "Vance Remke."
 I spun around to see Kooba's daughter, Anna, marching toward me. A hot, damp sweat crept across the back of my neck. She never stopped blaming me for bootlegging with her father.
 I looked for Reese. But she had walked to the other end of the building, engaged in conversation with her girlfriends.
 Anna stopped just short of my nose and looked straight at me through squinted eyes. Her breath hinted of cinnamon, my guess, from the gum she smacked between her teeth.
 "I don't like you, Remke. So I'll only say this once. Just in case you didn't get the message when you came for dinner. Stay away from my father. He doesn't need you pulling him back into one of those damn mines."
 My forehead wrinkled, eyebrows arched high, anger backed up in my throat.
"You don't understand. Or don't want to. He mines coal because he loves it. Not because of me. Accept it or not. I don't care. Now, have you finished?"
 "No. I don't think so. We'll settle this soon enough, one way or another."
 She turned and disappeared into the throng of high schoolers.
 Walking to the Coke machine, I juggled in my pocket for a dime and fed the metal contraption. A cold bottle of pop thumped out the bottom. I snapped off the cap and headed across the dance floor, dodging the bodies swaying back and forth to the music. Still angry, I thrust the bottle in Reese's hand.
 "You look upset. What happened?"
 "Anna Michek. She has a problem, with me. Her concern, not mine."
 "Do you want to talk about it?"
 "Nah. Just something I have to live with."
 She smiled, leaned forward and kissed me on the lips. Not a peck but firm, moist and exciting.
 "In that case, I'd like to dance now."
 "Okay. I can't wait any longer either."
 A slow song saturated the air as I grabbed her hand and walked backward to the dance floor. Reese passed her soda to a girlfriend.
 Sliding into my arms, her smooth skin touched mine and aromatic perfume filled my nostrils. She laid her head against my shoulder. I closed my eyes and absorbed the ecstasy of the moment. Breathing slowed and deepened. Bodies pulsed as one to the harmonic sounds. I wanted it to last forever but too soon, it ended. With reluctance, we left the dance floor and joined her girlfriends.
 We jitterbugged, talked and laughed, savoring every moment of each other's company. As the evening came to a close, we walked to the front door and said goodbye to our friends.
 Out on the sidewalk, stragglers milled about, talking, waiting for rides home. Without warning, the crowd scattered for a shadowy figure, cursing, goose stepping, heels clicking his way toward us. Under the illumination of a street lamp, I recognized Ace Borman.
 This useless example of the human race never graduated from high school. He seemed dense as a plow mule and looked just as ugly. Now in his twenties and rejected by the Army, everyone knew him for an unemployed nothing.
 "Remke. You don't listen so good. Anna told you to back off. Now, I gotta kick your ass."
 My muscles, thick and bulked, tensed like rubber bands and massive fight or flight juices rammed head long through my veins. With my left hand, I forced Reese to one side. The crowd backed off, leaving me face to face with this animal. His breath reeked of sour beer.
 "Since when does Anna tell you what to do?"
 "Shut up! She belongs to me!"
 "Well, my beef is with Anna, not you."
 "Doesn't matter. Gonna happen."
 He lunged at me with his right fist. I pulled back. Not fast enough. Blood dribbled down my chin. Lip numb. Anger. No, rage.
"Aggggggh!"
 Lunging at him full force, left arm deflecting his next blow, I bashed my fist squarely into his face. I heard the squash of flesh hitting flesh. Blood spattered a bystander.
 Borman recoiled out of control but stayed on his feet. Having lost the advantage of surprise, I dodged every swing he took until he lost his head of steam.
 Stepping forward before he could recover, I kicked upward and smashed my foot into his head. He fell to the ground, his chest heaving up and down. I pulled back my fist, ready for his next move but he just lay there, holding an arm over his face.
 "Enough. I've had enough."
 My senses ran wide open like an engine in neutral but screaming at full throttle. I fidgeted, ready to strike at any second. A gentle hand grabbed my arm. I felt Reese's warm body next to me.
 "Let it go, Vance. He can't hurt you."
 My breathing slowed and I started to feel the throbbing in my mouth. Reese dabbed at my lip with a tissue.
 With a disgusted look, she irked, "Let's get out of here."
 The crowd started to disperse as I looked down at Ace Borman, lying in a heap on the sidewalk.
 Not expecting an answer, I scoffed, "Guess we have nothing left to talk about."
 Wrapping my arm around Reese, we walked into the night.

Chapter 19
 Monday morning, Pop and I sat in the kitchen eating scrambled eggs, fried potatoes and scrapple. Mom, wearing a blue house dress with full length apron, busied herself at the grill. She enjoyed cooking and always made more than we could eat.
 "Dig in. I have a heaping plate of eggs coming up."
 The black, 1930's style phone rang with a loud clanging noise, interrupting our morning meal. I jumped up and answered, "Hello, Remke's house."
"Morning. Benny Kipe here. Looking for Walter."
 Cupping my hand over the receiver, I whispered, "For you, Pop. A Mr. Kipe?"
 He propped himself on one crutch and ambled to the phone. Pop smiled as he put the receiver to his ear.
 "Benny, you old rascal. Good to hear from you. Tomorrow? Okay. My youngest boy works for me now. Just this summer. Good. See you then."
 Pop seemed elated as he hung up. I couldn't hold back my curiosity.
 "What happened, Pop? Do we have work?"
 "Yes. Just as I expected. Kipe Construction took over the Colabs contract. Benny wants the whole crew back tomorrow. I want to get there early so be ready to go by six."
 "Okay. But what about you?"
 Pop looked down at his leg, still fragile, not able to bear the full weight of his body.
 "Yeah. I'll be riding shotgun for the straw boss until it heals."
 Mom grumbled, "All right you two. Breakfast will soon be getting cold. Let's eat. You'll need to build up your strength for tomorrow."
 Although she seemed agitated, I knew better. A fragile harmony prevailed as the men in her life returned to work. She thrived on tending a busy house.
 Pop and I arrived at the Colabs site early Tuesday morning. Bricklayers carried their tools to the scaffolds. Bulldozers roared, scurrying back and forth, leveling the terrain. Pop inspected the materials and equipment then headed for the supervisor's shack. I busied myself with the first batch of cement. A sense of order and stability prevailed.
 Several minutes later, Yeller ambled by on his way to the work site, carrying a large canvas bag filled with trowels, hammers, set lines, etc.
 "Good Morning, Vance. You look in good spirits today."
 "Yeah. After the last few weeks, it feels great to be back."
 Setting his tools down, Yeller pondered, "I've seen my share of strikes. But this last one. The worst I've ever experienced. It reminds me of the skirmish at Bellean Woods, France, 1918."
 My forehead wrinkled. I didn't get it. "What does that place have to do with the strike?"
 "A fight for power. Good against evil. World War I raged out of control. After our allies suffered massive losses in human life, the U.S. Army needed young men like your father and me."
 "Did you know Pop back then?"
 "No. I lived in Tamaqua. Your father, forty miles south, in Palm. But we had one thing in common. We finished our apprenticeships and the Army wanted tradesmen."
 "Huh? What did the Army want with bricklayers?"
 "Rebuilding bombed out houses for command centers. Bridge footings. Abutments. Anything that helped the war effort."
 Yeller glanced at his watch then picked up the tool bag. Like my father, he took pride in being early, always.
 "Well, time for work, Vance. It'll be a hot one. Keep the cement extra wet today."
 "Wait. You didn't finish. What exactly happened over there?"
 Our conversation came to an end as the straw boss came out of the supervisor's shack with a clipboard under his arm. Pop followed close behind.
 "Gather round, men. I have something important to say. Kipe Construction holds the contract for this project. We recognize Union 317 as your bargaining agent. In addition, a bonus for every man if we bring the project in ahead of schedule."
 "What about overtime pay?" yelled one of the men.
 "Time and a half for everything over eight hours. If you have any more questions, see Walter at the control shack. He'll be working for me, straight-away. Welcome aboard and work safe."
 The men, looking upbeat, started back to their jobs. Before Yeller could leave, I asked, "Can we talk about the war during lunch?"
 "Sure. But haven't you heard most of this from your father."
 "No. Pop seldom talks about it. Except that he blames the politicians for sending good men to their deaths."
 "Yeah. Sounds like him. Okay. See you at lunch."
 Curiosity provided the energy needed to heave bricks and mortar to the scaffold. My body performed the tasks but my brain immersed itself in a time over forty years ago.
 What happened to my father during that terrible time? Did the war change him? What secrets would be revealed?
 The sun baked everyone, without mercy, by late morning. Sweat saturated my shirt and rolled down my face. When the lunch whistle blew, I ran to grab my bag and looked for Yeller. Across the yard, I saw him headed for the shade of some old oak trees. Catching up to him, I sprawled on the cool green grass and started to devour my bologna sandwich.
 "Yeller. What happened after you and Pop joined the Army?"
 "They shipped us by railroad car to Fort Mead near Greenville, North Carolina. We lived in tents during our basic training. Nothing but an open field in the middle of rolling green countryside. The camp housed over ten thousand men including the commissioned officers."
 "This basic training thing. Did you meet Pop there?"
 "Yeah. During rifle and pistol training. He earned sharpshooter status on his second week. So did I.
 "We didn't like each other, at first. I thought he had an obsessive love affair with the Army. At the time, I didn't know it served as the family he never had. My folks lived in Tamaqua and loved them with all my heart but the Army gave me a chance to get away from the boredom of a small town.
 "We competed for everything. Marksmanship, hand to hand combat, running. We tried our damnedest to outdo each other."
 "When did you get to the war part?"
 "Not soon enough for us. After eight weeks of training, Construction Company Number Ninety craved the excitement of going to Europe.
 "In April, we sailed on the Masitania from New York, crossed the Atlantic and billeted in Blackpool, England, Kensington Attachment.
 "Our orders stationed the company there for the next month, building soldier's barracks. A task that kept us busy but didn't satisfy our desire to be near the front lines.
 "The waiting paid off when we received our first field assignment. Attached to the First Infantry Division, we followed their artillery brigade across the English Channel using a frigate commandeered from the Germans.
 "Disembarking at the French coast line, the war seethed, not more than a hundred miles to the west, through the flatlands of central France. We didn't know that hell waited for us on the other side of Belleau Woods."
 I leaned forward, listening, absorbing every word. The war never seemed real before. I closed my eyes and envisioned Pop dressed in his olive drab uniform. The one that hung in his closet. Riding britches with bumps on the sides, leggings up to his knees, thick wool shirt with insignias sewn on the arms and medals pinned to the left pocket. Topped off with an infantry hat.
 "Did you guys carry guns?"
 "Pistols. Army issue thirty eight caliber with cavalry style holster. They made holes half an inch wide and left no survivors.
 "On a humid June morning, sixty tradesmen, boarded military trucks loaded with construction supplies and headed for Champillon, a supply station, close to the front lines.
 "Your father and I bounced about on dirt roads for hours, passing small, thatch roofed, farm houses, fields of grain, abandoned armament and military vehicles. Although canvas enclosed the truck-bed, dust got into everything. Uniforms, equipment. I breathed that damn red dirt all morning.
 "By midday, tired and hungry, we arrived at a staging area near Champillon. When the truck motors turned off and I set foot on that desolate soil, the air came alive with the crackle of gunfire interspersed with the blast of canon shells exploding just over the horizon. A smell of gunpowder and mustard gas hung heavy over the terrain. Plumes of black smoke drifted toward the sky. We stood at the edge of oblivion."
 Yeller paused. A look of anguish froze across his face. Head lowered, he covered his eyes. I didn't move. We just sat there, in silence.
 "You okay?"
 "That accursed war. Thought I put it behind me years ago. I can't talk about it any more, Vance. Listen, I have to get back to work."
 He seemed to look beyond just upset, more like angry, sad and shaken to the core. I felt numb and grasped for words but instead offered nothing as he walked back to the construction site. He always laughed and joked with me but not on that day. 
 Pangs of guilt washed over me as I folded my lunch bag and drank the last of my thermos coffee. I had no right to ask Yeller to unearth the past. Yet I had no one else. Pop refused to discuss it.
 That afternoon, work seemed to drag by. Troubled by Yeller and his description of the war, I thought of all those young men in that dangerous place.
 What brought them so close to the front? Did their excitement turn to anxiety? How many met their death?
 The next day I approached Yeller at lunch time, hoping to continue our conversation.
 "I need to know about Champillon. Please tell me more about being at the front?"
 "Let it alone, Vance. Generals soothed their egos and good men died. The story ends there."
 We went about work as if his answer solved everything. But a craving ate at me. An overwhelming need to know about my father in that place.
 Compelled by a strong yearning for the truth, I drove the winding road to Tamaqua on Sunday afternoon. I pulled in front of Yeller's house. The walk to his front door seemed to take forever. I forced myself to knock. Effie looked surprised when she saw me.
 "Vance? What brings you here?"
 "Good afternoon, Mrs. Swento. Can I talk with Yeller?"
 She nodded and gave me a warm smile.
 "Come in. You'll find him watching television in the living room."
 The steps to the second floor, steep and narrow, winded me, as Effie led the way. Entering the living room, I struggled with my thoughts.
 What will I say to Yeller? How dare I ask him to bare painful memories? What if he tells me to leave?
 Hands in my pockets, feeling stupid, I walked across the dusky room. Yeller, laid back, relaxed, in a black, recliner chair. A quart of Yingling beer sat on the end table next to him. He drank from a glass of the yellow liquid then sat up and stared at me.
 I glanced at her and a moment later, Yeller, afraid to begin a conversation.
 Effie suggested, "I'll leave you two alone. I need to finish some work in the kitchen."
 As she left the room, Yeller, with brows furrowed and sad eyes, bummed, "Why can't you leave it alone?"
 "Sorry Yeller. I don't mean to be disrespectful. But has your father ever hugged you?"
 "Well, sure. What does that have to do with anything?"
 "Has he ever told you he loved you?"
 "Not in those words. But I guess so."
 "My Pop never did any of those things. In my whole life. Ever. What had the war done to him? I've got to know. Please."
 Yeller breathed a deep sigh and shook his head.
 "The war's legacy to your father? Death of his comrades and the heartbreak of a lost love."
 "Wait. I understand the war and death part. What do you mean by lost love? Did Pop have a girlfriend?"
 "A thin, brown haired girl named Gwennie. A WASP from the upper class section of London who he almost married. But I don't want to get ahead of myself.
 "On the afternoon we arrived at Champillon, the First Army Mess fed the company a lunch of beef and chips. One of the few hot meals we ate in that place. For the rest of the day, we unloaded the trucks of their railroad ties, cinder blocks and supplies at the mouth of the Cierges River. "Our mission - finish a narrow-gauge railroad over the river and all the way to Bellean Woods. Of course, that depended on the First Artillery Division advancing and securing land across the no-man zone. Land that came at a very high price.
 "We finished unloading our provisions by late afternoon. Dog tired, we didn't rest until every two man team set up tents and stowed their gear. That night, no one slept well except maybe from sheer exhaustion. The sound of war, still in the distance became less intense and drifted to sporadic silence."
 "Yeller. What about my Pop? Did he look scared?"
 "No. He always had a poker face. You never knew what he thought. But I've got to believe he felt as I did. The fear that Germans could over run the no-man zone during the night and kill us all in our sleep.
 "Next morning, our commanding officer organized the company into teams. About fifteen men, all officers, claimed professional skills like architecture and engineering. They did the planning. Fifteen men had backgrounds as stone masons, bricklayers and cement finishers like your Pop and me. The balance, about thirty men, built train tracks and trestles.
 "A surveyor determined the best location for the bridge and an engineer, its construction. Our purpose in that war had begun.
 "Within a month, we finished constructing the base. Seven cement piers across the river, designed to hold the trestle's massive wood frame. Your father and I worked hard on that project. Proud of our achievement, we strutted about with pride for days. But the Germans took it away in minutes."
 "Did they break through the lines like you thought?"
 "No. They ravaged our work from the air. I can still hear the biplane engines screaming as they dived down on us. The bastards threw bombs. Black powder, lead encased grenades from their cockpits. They'll rip a man to shreds.
 "Everyone ran for cover. But the explosives came too fast. I still remember hearing the ear splitting bursts. Water and dirt flying everywhere. Seeing men fall. Feeling my heartbeat pounding out of control. Then as fast as the bastards came, they disappeared."
 "What happened to Pop? How did he survive the bombing?"
 "He had duty on one of the river barges. When the bombing started, he dove into the water. Damn lucky too. Some of those bombs went off in the river.
 "The commanding officer ran back and forth, as if he had gone mad, barking orders at everyone to account for those around them and assemble on the east shore. Waist high in water, I busied myself with the task of helping men from the river. Then I saw him. Your father, about fifty feet out, struggling to swim. He held a fellow soldier in his arms.
 "Swimming with all my strength, I reached them in minutes. We carried the man to shore and tried to revive him. Too late for our friend. Riddled with shrapnel, I figured the soldier died before he hit the water.
 "Though Walter would never admit it, after we carried our dead comrade to the clearing, he cried. For a brief moment. Then just as quick, wiped his face and continued searching for bodies. It never happened again."
 "I've never known that side of him, Yeller. What happened next?"
 "After several agonizing hours of search, we accounted for everyone. Six men wounded. We tended them best as possible. No medics available. Just a couple of medical kits. First Army Battalion had assigned all medical personnel to the front.
 "Three men didn't make it. We wrapped the bodies in blankets and trucked them back to Normandy. The war ended for those heroes. Unlike us, they would be going home.

Chapter 20
 "The following day, marines trucked in heavy artillery. Fifty-caliber machine guns set up on both sides of the river. The damn place crawled with gunners and marksmen. Next time, it wouldn't be so easy for those sons a bitches to kill us.
 "Headquarters sent for replacements from England but they wouldn't arrive for two weeks. In the meantime, the rest of the division, including your father and me, checked for damage. Six piers survived, just some nicks and scrapes. One took a direct hit. Black powder burns all over and chunks of concrete, blown away.
 "I hustled, chiseling at loose stone. Walter fixed the biggest holes with a mix of small pebbles and cement. By nightfall that pier stood in good shape. Battered but ready for the trestle.
 "Our job done, Walter and I carried rails and lumber for the railroad men as they framed the bridge. Slow but sure, it became a hell of a creation designed to carry some pretty hefty equipment like tanks and canon as well as men.
 "As the days passed, we tried to tune out the nagging drone of battle, just beyond the skyline. Reports from the front didn't give much hope for a quick victory.
 "After much waiting, replacements arrived. Progress continued. Rail men laid track about a half mile behind us. By the time they caught up, the trestle stood ready."
 "Did you guys finish the mission across the river into Bellean Woods?"
 Yeller heaved a deep sigh. He reached for the quart of beer at his side, filled his glass and gulped from the brew. I sat motionless, on the black couch across from him, waiting for his next words.
 Tamaqua and 1959 faded to a gray haze. My senses burned raw, experiencing death and destruction through Yeller's eyes. I walked in his shoes. 1918, Bois de Belleau became now and consumed my every thought.
 He finished the beer and lit a cigarette. His mouth pulled tight across a tanned, worn face from too many years outside.
 "Your father and I just wanted to complete the god damn thing. Not everyone got that chance.
 "Our construction company pushed across the bridge and into thick wooded flatlands. Hot weather, mosquitoes and trees became our enemy. Work slowed. But it took our minds off the war. A big mistake.
 "On a sunny day in early June, the world we knew came to an end. It started with breakfast at the mess tent. Then six of us picked up tools and reported for work with the lead crew.
 "We cut a rough path about twenty feet wide for the track bed. Midmorning, while busy clearing brush and trees, I heard a loud gunshot. On my right, one of our guys fell like a sack of lye soap. A bullet ripped through his skull.
 "Krauts. Stinking, rotten Heinies ran from the tree line. Looked like only two of them. My guess, advance scouts.
 "Before I could react, a whole bunch of shots zinged by. A railroad man standing next to me jerked backward. Blood spattered across my uniform. Then he plunged to the ground.
 "Like rabid dogs, they rushed us. Screaming and shooting at the same time.
 "One of our best bricklayers clutched at blood surging from a hole in his chest, then collapsed.
 "Then another fell next to him. The bastards must have thought they could kill us all real fast.
 "As they closed in, your father slung his shovel full force at the closest son of a bitch. It hit him hard in the neck with a loud, hollow thump. A look of disbelief froze on the Heinies face as he gasped for air. I lunged for my dark blue thirty eight and shot him twice. He fell face first in the dirt.
 "Before I could aim at the second Kraut, Walter drew his pistol and fanned off six rounds. The son of a bitch jerked and twitched for the longest time before he toppled like a tree.
 "Then silence, except for ringing in my ears and the smell of gun powder. Walter ran to our men. Their bodies limp like rag dolls, tossed aside without care. Your father checked them for signs of life. All dead.
 "Mad as hell, I rifled through the Kraut's pockets looking for information. I wanted to know how they got through the front lines and if the bastards came alone. Found their wallets but couldn't read a thing. All in German. Understood the pictures though. Family pictures. Wives, children. Felt sorry for the kids. God damn war.
 "Walter and I left the Heinies where they dropped then carried our men to the side of the clearing, in the shade. We expected to walk back to base camp for help. The enemy had different plans.
 "I spied them first. More Krauts, in gray uniforms, maybe infantry regulars this time, coming out of the woods. At least ten or fifteen. They must have heard the shots and came looking for their scouts.
 "We ran like hell to the tree line for cover. Bullets followed us like fleas to a dog. Falling hard on the ground, I checked the ammo belt at my waist, loaded with twenty four rounds.
 "Crouched down on one knee, I laid eyes on the bastards running in my direction. Breathing like a race horse at full gallop, I pulled back the hammer of that thirty eight and steadied my right hand. I drew a bead on them and pulled the trigger, over and over, until the firing pin's dull click, click on empty casings reminded me to reload. Three Krauts dropped. The rest took cover.
 "Walter, about twenty feet to my right, squeezed off several rounds. Two more Heinies fell. Your father dumped the shell casings, reloaded, then yelled to head for the ammo dump about a quarter mile back. The Marines had fire power. All we had to do is make it back alive.
 "Your father and I started running. No time to even think about those poor souls left behind. We bobbed and weaved through a maze of dense brush and trees. The Krauts, no more than two hundred yards back. That forest saved us. Otherwise, the sons a bitches would have shot us in the back. I wanted to make it to the ammo dump so I could kill them all.
 "I heard a bunch of shots going off behind us and men shouting in German. We kept the sun at our back, running toward the Marines. The Krauts advantage of surprise, gone.
 "Darting through the woods, Walter hollered that we should head for the second crew. A cold chill ran up my back. I forgot about them. Railroad men started laying track that morning about a quarter mile behind us. I wondered if they heard the shots. We needed to warn them.
 "I pointed to the left, jabbing the air with my finger. We changed direction and ran as fast as our boots would carry us toward the track bed. After fifteen or twenty minutes, we emerged at the clearing and fell to our knees, out of breath and exhausted.
 "As I reloaded my pistol, your father stood up, looking down the track bed both ways. He ripped off his helmet and threw it to the ground, cursing in whispers so the Krauts wouldn't hear him. No crew in sight. I panicked. I didn't know if we came out behind them or in front of them.
 "I wiped at beads of sweat running down my forehead and sprang to my feet. If we came out behind, they would be dead in minutes. Walter motioned not to make any noise as he strained to hear the slightest sound. A slight breeze through the trees, birds chirping. No gunshots except for a low murmur at the front. Seconds seemed like hours.
 "Nothing. Nothing.
 "Then a sound so low, we almost didn't hear it.
 "The sound of hammers driving spikes into ties. At that moment, we knew the crew worked somewhere just ahead of us.
 "We wanted to let out a cheer but instead ran like hell, bounding over the flat ground, leveled for the wood ties. Several minutes later, the Heinies ran out onto the track bed. By then, we saw the second crew.
 "Walter and I waved our arms, screaming that Germans breached the line. The crew of ten men looked shocked for a moment, stopped work and drew their weapons.
 "As we reached them, a barrage of gunfire erupted. Everyone scampered for the safety of a large stack of ties at the side of the road bed. We returned their fire but couldn't match the Kraut's rifles for accuracy. They advanced, taking cover behind trees at the edge of the woods. I wanted to run toward the ammo dump but out in the open they'd take me down in seconds.
 "Within minutes, the standoff became one sided. Several of our men suffered flesh wounds. I watched your father load his last six rounds. He focused on making every shot count because they would rush us as soon as the ammo ran out.
 "Not expecting to survive, I reached for the identification tags around my neck. At least my parents could claim the body. I pulled my knife, a razor sharp, twelve inch blade and prepared to defend that pile of wood to the end.
 "Sounding like the voices of angels, my ears filled with whoops and hollers coming in behind me. Marines. Damn Marines. At least a hundred of them. They must have heard all the commotion. But I wondered what the hell took them so long. Another thirty minutes and it would have been too late.
 "They ran past us, laying down a volley of rifle fire. Those poor Heinie bastards didn't stand a chance. In the end, about thirty German soldiers of the 461st Regiment lay dead, stacked like cut timber on the railway to Bois de Belleau.
 "After the skirmish, we helped recover our fallen comrades and shipped the wounded back to Champillon for medical treatment.
 "Construction stopped for several weeks until the Marines swept through Belleau Woods. A general even came to congratulate us for our work while taking out a few Heinies in the process.
 "The captain tried to patch our group together until we received new orders. To our surprise, recruits shipped out from the states to replace us. First Army Brigade scheduled Construction Company Number Ninety for rotation back to England.

Chapter 21
 Without warning, the room filled with silence. Pulling me away from the carnage in my mind's eye, jerking my senses back to the present.
 Yeller stared at the smoldering cigarette pinched between his fingers. He flicked the ash and inhaled from the butt. Then mashed it out in the ash tray across from me. As he sat back in the plush chair, our eyes made contact, his face immersed in sadness.
 In school, I dismissed the war as boring. Stuff old people talked about. Now, as my mind reeled from the horror of that time, I struggled to say the words in my heart.
 "Yeller. You and Pop lived through hell. I'll never forget, not today or ever."
 "We just wanted to survive. Call it luck or fate, everyone from Team One died, except your father and me. From that day forward, we became close pals. Forty years later, we still watch out for each other."
 All of a sudden, Yeller stood up and walked to the front window. As he pulled the curtains open, I noticed the sun descending over the mountains to the west. Hours slipped by since we embarked on our journey to the past. I lost all reference of time.
 He rasped in his deep, rough voice, "Listen Vance. About this girl named Gwennie. Whatever happened between Walter and her, it shouldn't come from me. Besides, I feel tired, real tired. You best go on home. Your Mom and Pop must be wondering where you've been all afternoon. I'll see you at work on Monday."
 Reluctant to leave, yet afraid to upset him, I smiled and capitulated, "Okay, thanks for everything, Yeller."
 Stretching, yawning, I stood up and walked toward the steps. To my surprise, Effie emerged from the kitchen and grabbed my arm. She straightened my collar, like Mom did so many times, a concerned look on her face.
 "You've grown up so fast, Vance. It seems like yesterday when I held you in my arms at Saint Emmanuel Church. The day I became your godmother. I can't believe in a few more years you'll be a man."
 I felt the warmth of embarrassment wash across my face. Looking down at the floor, I fidgeted, not knowing what to say.
 "Take care of yourself, Vance, and tell you mother I asked about her."
 "I sure will, and about Mom, thank you for being a good friend to her. She doesn't have anyone else to talk with except maybe for me."
 "Well, she can call me anytime. You tell her that."
 "I will. Thank you, ma'am."
 Effie joined me as I walked down the carpeted stairs to the front door. Saying good night, I stepped off the porch and crossed the dark street to my car.
 Driving through the west end of town, I tried to put together my father's life. Now, thanks to Yeller, I knew about the horrors Pop experienced during the war. For the first time, I hoped to understand him and find a sense of peace from it all.
                                                            ****
 Lost in my thoughts, I turned left onto Owrigsburg Street, driving slow past all the houses, worn and discolored from years of built up coal dust.
 Without warning, red lights flashed and sirens wailed several hundred feet ahead. Cops waved me onto a side street. Stuck in traffic, impatient, I parked on the shoulder, stepped out of the car and walked toward the commotion. When I reached the crowd, mayhem prevailed in front of a white, two-story house. Police cars parked on the front yard with cops everywhere.
 Then I realized, my god, Darryl lived there. Where did I see him last? Oh yeah. At lunch time, on the last day of school. A bunch of us went across the street to the red brick house we called the Folk Store. They didn't have burgers or fries that day, only stuff like Snickers and Coke. Most of us hung out there because we didn't bring a bag lunch.
 Darryl and I bought our sweets and sat on the curb out front, talking about girls and cars, devouring candy bars and soda until the bell rang. Later that afternoon, we finished English and Science classes. At the end of the day, Darryl and I said goodbye. I didn't expect to see him again until after Labor Day.
 Standing on my toes, I tried to see over the cluster of people in front of me. Then someone exclaimed, "He did it. I knew it would happen sooner or later."
 They pointed to a shape lying on the grass, next to the front porch, covered with a green Army type blanket. All my senses bunched up with the thought of a body underneath that spread.
 I pushed to the front of the mob, trying to see inside the house. Silhouettes of heads bobbed about, back and forth, on the shade, as I tried to look through the window. Several minutes later, police emerged at the front door with Darryl leading the way. His hair looked disheveled with puffy, red eyes. Only half his shirt tucked in. He appeared tired, hunched over, as the cops walked him to one of the police cars. Then I noticed the handcuffs.
 Ducking past the barrier, I walked up on the lawn. As I came closer, a cop held up his hand.
 "Hey kid, get back to the sidewalk."
 "Yes Sir. I just want to talk to Darryl."
 "I won't say it again. Turn around. Now."
 I stepped to the curb and yelled, "Darryl, what happened?"
 He tried to look past the police car headlights shining in his eyes.
 "Who wants to know?"
 "Vance Remke."
 He smiled for a brief moment but just as quick, sobbed, out of control, as one of the cops opened the car door.
 Darryl cried out, "I shot the bastard! I killed him and he deserved it!"
 "Who?" I hollered back.
 "My old man."
 Everyone in school knew about the restraining order against Darryl's father. A drunk who had a reputation for stealing, writing bad checks and violence. According to local gossip, he liked to beat up his wife. The last time made the newspaper when he knocked her down a flight of stairs, putting her in the hospital for three weeks. He served a year in prison down near Philadelphia for it.
 Darryl's words triggered my memory to the violence in our family. Yeah, I thought of killing Pop for the times he hit us. But only for a brief second because my father lived on a different plane than most men. He not only provided food, clothing and shelter for Mom and me but commanded respect from everyone who knew him. Did that make it right? No, but neither would revenge. I had no answers. One thing I knew for sure, although Darryl and I both endured troubled families, we walked very separate paths.
 I watched a middle aged woman, my guess, his Mom, run from the front door and wrap her arms around him. One of the cops grabbed Darryl and pushed him toward the squad car. Another drew the woman aside and walked her to a second black and white.
 Darryl yelled, "Vance. You still there?"
 "Yeah. I can hear you."
 "Please tell my girlfriend the cops arrested me."
 "Who? I don't know your girlfriend."
 "Sure you do. Cassie Hanks."
 I felt my eyes widen as the shock of his statement settled in. Did he know the real Cassie? About what she did at the Brine Bar after dark? That the sorry excuse of a mother pimped her to every beer belching, greasy misfit that had twenty bucks in his pocket.
 This had nothing to do with me. I should have walked away, hopped in my car and drove home. And what about Reese? What would she think about me acting as messenger boy for the likes of Cassie Hanks? I didn't like it but I considered him a friend. Someone who would stand by me if something bad happened. Besides, what possible harm could come from dropping by the Brine Bar?
 "Yeah, I know Cassie from school. Don't worry. I'll tell her what happened."
 "Hey Vance. God bless ya, pal. I owe you."
 The police shoved Darryl inside the cop car and closed the door. Minutes later all the squads pulled onto the street and headed toward downtown. An ambulance pulled up and two men dressed in white, moving with quick efficiency, loaded the remains of Darryl's father into the back.
 I wanted to get the hell away from there. His death reeked of overwhelming finality with no second chances. No last plea for understanding or forgiveness between father and son.
 As the rescue squad departed, the crowd dispersed down the sidewalk. Traffic on the street started to move while I climbed into my car.
I drove down the steep incline of Spruce Street to the sleazy side of Tamaqua and pulled into the Brine parking lot. Finding every space filled, I ended out on the street next to the Reading Railroad tracks.
 On Saturday night, the Brine filled with miners and other locals, many I imagined on state aid, spending the last of their checks for the month. I pushed my way inside, past the high pitched vibrations of Peggy Sue on the juke box and bodies gyrating about on the dance floor.
 How different I felt, entering this place filled with the foul stench of alcohol. No longer the nervous, intimidated, teenager of two years ago, I strode down the length of the bar, looking for Cassie. Nowhere in sight.
 Turning to the bartender, I yelled over the noise and music.
 "Have you seen Cassie Hanks tonight?"
 The young blond, dressed in Levis and a revealing t-shirt, pointed to the door behind me.
 "Yeah, back room but she has a friend with her right now."
 "Thanks but this can't wait"
 I shoved through some curtains spanning the doorway to find a dark room and a few tables occupied by couples engaged in conversation. In the corner, I saw Cassie sitting with an old guy, maybe in his fifties. I clenched my fists, chin up and started walking. I stopped in front of her, leaned over and whispered, "Darryl has a message for you."
 The old guy drooled, "Damn it, kid, get the hell out of here."
 Cassie, looking bewildered, snapped, "I'll meet you at the bar."
 I sneered down at the grizzled old slob next to her and backed away without a word. The hell with him. I came here to tell Cassie about her boyfriend and leave, nothing else.
 I swiped the curtains aside, filled with anger, and walked to the bar.
 "Hey, blondie. Give me a Coke. Please."
 She nodded but continued mixing drinks at a frantic pace.
 "Be there in a second."
 I dropped twenty five cents on the counter as the bartender popped the cap, filled a clean glass with effervescent soda and never missed a beat.
 She inquired, "Don't you bootleg coal with Kooba Michek?"
 "Yeah, used to, but I haven't seen him in the last two months. Does he still come in here?"
 "A couple of times a week. He usually gets drunk, bitches about the hot weather and his crummy job."
 "Well, tell Kooba that Vance Remke asked about him."
 "Okay. But I have a poor memory for names. Why don't you leave your handle?"
 She shoved a note pad across the bar. I scribbled a short message along with my phone number and pushed it back to her.
 I felt a tap on my shoulder and spied Cassie standing next to me. She seemed irritated, looking back and forth as if someone would hear.
 "How do you know about Darryl?"
 "I talked with him tonight. He told me about you."
 "What the hell? He wouldn't do that to me."
 "He didn't have any other choice. The cops took Darryl to the police station."
 Cassie's face filled with shock as she reacted to the news.
 "What happened?"
 I shook my head, struggling for the right words.
 "He shot his old man."
 "Oh my god. Did they take him to the hospital?"
 "He died on his front lawn up at Owrigsburg Street."
 Lucy's face distorted in anguish, a low pitched sob emanated from her quivering lips. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she walked toward me. Without thinking, I wrapped my arms around her as she convulsed, out of control.
 How strange, she had feelings like a real person. A real person? Had I discounted her humanity? Perhaps, on a subconscious level. I didn't feel very pleased with myself.
 A few moments later she regained her composure and pushed away from me.
 "Sorry, Vance. I didn't mean to, well, you know."
 "No need to say anything. I understand."
 "Damn, what should I do? I can't just stay here. I have to see Darryl. Can you give me a ride to the police station?"
 "I can't. I, uh, have to go. My father expects me home soon."
 "Ooh, okay. I know how parents can be. I'll ask around. Someone should be going that way."
 I turned into quite a liar. On a Saturday night, a lot of my friends would be out and about. I couldn't let anyone see her in my car. Ever. But what about Darryl? I pondered if he would do the same for me.
 As she started to walk away, I interjected, "Wait. My parents would understand if I took a few extra minutes to run you over to the cops."
 I hoped that I wouldn't regret it. We walked past the dance floor, to the front entrance while a few patrons stared at us. I knew what those bastards thought. Another paying customer. I felt indignant and wanted to punch somebody in the face. Yet Cassie's dilemma touched me and stirred emotions I struggled to understand.
 The side street leading to the railroad tracks and parking lot out back immersed itself in darkness except for a lamp overhead. Unlocking the door for Cassie, I wondered about her and Darryl. I didn't think anyone at school knew about them.
 As she climbed into the car, I questioned, "How did you get together with Darryl?"
 "We met at a beer party just outside Mahanoy City."
 "I heard that town has a tough school."
 "Yeah. He attended there. Every weekend, Darryl guzzled beer up by the water tower till he passed out. He drank to get away from his father. But hell, most of the high school blitzed out on tower hill. Kids parked their cars in a circle and shared quarts of beer.
 "About three years ago, my half brother and I crashed one of the parties. We brought a case of quarts with us so no one cared. I met Darryl back then."
 "Did you guys date for very long?" I asked, while starting the car.
 "Yeah. Darryl and I liked each other from the start. We met on weekends in Mahanoy City for about a year until he transferred to Tamaqua High School. He accepted me and never asked any questions. But when he started senior high, I knew he'd find out."
 Pulling onto Huber Street, I inquired, "Find out what?"
 "Don't insult me. You know. Everyone in town understands how my mother sold me on the street since I turned twelve. When I graduate, she'll see the last of me. I'll head for New York."
 "Sorry. I only heard rumors. Guys talking in the locker room at school. Stuff like that. So, did you tell him?"
 "Yeah. I told him everything. It broke his heart and he left me."
 "Darryl never told anybody at school. Stuff like that gets around," I offered, as I drove through the back streets of town.
 "Last year, his old man beat him so bad, he needed stitches. He didn't want to worry his mother, so he came to me. Old Doc York, down the street, stitched him up. He had no where else to go so I took him in for a couple of days. After that, we got back together."
 I pulled onto Coaldale Street and observed the police station a block ahead. A squad car parked on the street with the motor running. Several officers stood on the sidewalk, smoking cigarettes.
 "You can drop me off by the cops, Vance. Thanks for the ride."
 "Uh, listen. You don't have a ride back. I could hang around for a while."
 "You don't have to do that."
 "Nah. I don't mind."
 Parking behind the black and white, we walked to the police station and entered a dark gray lobby. The room crawled with cops and reporters. I overheard them talking about Darryl and the murder. An overweight police sergeant, maybe in his forties, sat behind a large metal desk in the center of the room. He glanced at us while hunched over, phone to ear, writing on a large yellow pad.
 "You can wait over there," he barked, pointing to several chairs against the wall.
 We sat on the hard seats, our patience wearing thin, looking for any sign of Darryl. I wondered if the cops would let Cassie talk to him. She loved him but that didn't make her family.
 About fifteen minutes later the sergeant inquired, "Okay, people. What can I do for you?"
 Cassie and I walked to the officer. I felt uneasy standing there, waiting for her to ask about Darryl.
 "You arrested Darryl Grainger this evening. When can I see him?" Cassie asked.
 The sergeant, who had considered us a minor distraction, now gave us his full attention.
 "Well, that depends. You got a name?"
 "Yes Sir. Cassie Hanks."
 "Hey? You that Hanks girl over on Wells Street?"
 "Yes. I live there with my mother and brother."
 A twisted smile formed on the cops face as he looked around the room, then at her.
 "Look. Grainger can't see nobody except his lawyer. But I might be able to make an exception. You do something for me and maybe I can work it out. We keep a storage room in back. A real quiet place where, uh, we, heh, heh, won't be interrupted."
 I felt anger welling up inside of me as I grabbed her by the arm.
 "You don't have to do this. Let's leave, right now."
 She turned to me, eyes watering and a single tear rolling down her cheek.
 "Vance, thank you for everything. You've done all you can. Go on home."
 I watched the cop lead her past all those people in the lobby to a doorway in back. My guess, to that grimy little room where she would surrender herself, yet one more time.
 Strong emotions overcame me. I wanted to slug the bastard and send him flying across the room. But then I'd be in a jail cell just like Darryl. A sense of injustice, devoid of hope, set in my stomach like a brick. Now I understood her world and it sickened me.

Chapter 22
 I felt helpless, standing there alone, yet not alone, surrounded by a cacophony of sound from the grown-ups chattering back and forth about my friend. State Police, dressed in tailored brown uniforms, reminded me of the Nazi pictures my brother sent home during World War II. The others, wearing blue uniforms and lacking the spit and polish of the State Troopers, must have been local cops. Journalists, with press badges pinned to their suit lapels, wrote non-stop as the cops gave their details of the murder.
 Cassie, branded a prostitute, paid a heavy price that night. I wondered if she could survive the burden of it all - Darryl's murder, the cops, her mother and this town.
 I tried to understand what had just happened. My promise to Darryl evolved far beyond the simple task of messenger. He exposed me to a disgusting comprehension of the violent and fragile relationships in his life. Under my breath, I whispered, "God help you, Darryl."
 As I walked to the front door, unnoticed and irrelevant, the significance of the last few hours seemed so clear to me. My world of friends, enemies and parents could change without warning. Shifting, moving like the fine coal silt on Saint Mary's Mountain.
 Stepping onto the sidewalk, past the squad cars, into the hot summer night, I thought of Reese. At that moment, I needed her arms around me, to lose myself in the sweet smell of her hair and feel her smooth lips against mine. She gave me refuge, a place to suspend my concerns about the present much less the future. Maybe I could just drop by her place for a couple of minutes.
 I glanced at my watch. Twenty to ten. My god. Time stole my night like a common thief. Damn. Pop will kill me. I just wanted to see Yeller and go home. The night is half over and I have to get up in seven hours.
 Running to my car, I started the motor and shifted to first gear but took care not to squeal out of the parking slot. I came to the end of the block and turned left at the Elks Club, out of sight from the cops. I revved the engine several times then rammed the gas pedal to the floor, peeling rubber all the way to Main Street.
 Guilt rode me for not being able to help Cassie and although the evening drew to a close, I needed to see Reese. At the stop light, I drove up Mauch Chunk Street and pulled in front of her house. It stood dark as I grabbed some pebbles from her front lawn and threw them one by one until the light in her second story window came on.
 Meeting her at the front door, we talked in whispers between kisses. I explained my visit with Yeller and the sad details of Darryl and Cassie.
 "Vance, you already helped more than most people. Go home and get some sleep. You can be a friend but they will have to sort it out for themselves."
 "I suppose you have a point. Guess I'll head to the valley so you can get some rest. Hey, who loves you?"
 "You do, silly."
 She smiled and then kissed me. A long smooch, leaving my heart beating faster. I felt warm and loved. In my mind, the world filled with sunshine, flowers and goodness. Pure happiness in the form of Reese Arkov.

Chapter 23
 The fast back sedan labored, climbing the steep mountain road out of Tamaqua. I looked down on the city lights sparkling below, beautiful yet deceiving. Flickering shards of light hid Cassie's misery and the loss of hope that Darryl must feel tonight.
 This town wrapped its arms around me and stirred my emotions. It pulled me into its whirlpool of humanity, feeling the suffering of others.
 Now, I faced my own quandary, racing to get home, where Pop waited. A tense knot formed at the base of my neck as I followed the weaving blacktop road out to the valley. Pulling into the driveway, light shined from the living room and spilled out onto the front lawn. I took a deep breath and walked in, trying to look as if nothing in my life changed since morning.
 Pop sat in the old wicker chair with his back to me, watching television. As I passed through the living room, he scrutinized me for a moment then growled, "You have supper tonight?"
 "Uh, no," I confided, realizing that I hadn't eaten since lunch.
 "Well, your mother made pot roast tonight. Look in the fridge."
 "Okay. I'll just make a sandwich."
 I mashed chunks of meat between two pieces of bread, poured a glass of milk and sat at the kitchen table.
 As I consumed the snack, Pop walked to the bathroom and went about his nightly ritual, brushed teeth, mouth wash then two Alka-Seltzers for his persistent heart burn. Several minutes later, he sat at the kitchen table across from me and drank the bubbly water. Wiping his mouth and without warning he stared at me and queried, "Where you been so late tonight, boy? Out with that girl, Reese?"
 "Yeah, yeah, just hanging out. Pop, I have to ask you something."
 "What do you want?"
 My mind bristled with anxiety. I wanted to ask about that other woman in his life, before Mom. A voice deep inside me screamed, ask him.
 "Pop, nothing. Nothing important."
 Gwennie can wait. No need to bring her up now. Tomorrow will be a better day.
                                                            ****
 The sounds of pots and pans clanking on the stove downstairs woke me. I stretched and yawned, then pulled the window curtains back. Still dark outside.
 An aroma of bacon wafted into my room and pulled me from the warm sanctuary of my bed. I fought the urge to roll over and with reluctance turned on the lamp behind me.
 I fumbled through the closet for a washed pair of jeans and my cement caked work boots. Then to the dresser for a t-shirt.
 I heard a thumping sound coming from the hallway. Seconds later, Pop stood by my door, balanced on one crutch.
 As usual, he dressed in khaki shirt and pants, matching Fedora, cocked forward on his head and boots like mine, scuffed and stained with cement.
 "We have a busy day ahead, boy. The contract deadline comes up in five weeks so Benny needs everyone to give his best. You'll wish you had those extra hours of sleep by this afternoon."
 "Don't worry about me. I won't let the crew down."
 He nodded, looking at me with a solemn expression on his tanned, leathery face.
 "Okay, I'll see you downstairs."
 I knew what he meant by the tone of his voice. Don't let him down. Not Benny, not the crew. Pop expected me to protect the Remke reputation and I understood why but he shouldn't have been so concerned. In spite of our disordered relationship, just being his son drove me to outdo the other summer help. Yeller nicknamed me Speed last year and no one dared challenge it.
 Grabbing my comb and wallet, I raced downstairs, catching Mom's attention. She hustled about the kitchen for a moment then piped, "I didn't hear you come in last night."
 "Yeah. I got home about eleven."
 "You okay? I mean, a lot has happened since the strike, what with the Heims and Pop's leg."
 "Nothing like that, Mom. A friend from high school got into trouble last night. I tried to help him."
 "You want to talk about it?
 "Nah."
 "Okay. Then how about some breakfast? You hungry?"
 "Sure. I didn't eat much yesterday."
 She scooped fried potatoes, scrambled eggs and bacon on my plate while I grabbed a chair at the kitchen table.
 Soon afterward, I heard Pop in the garage, cursing and the heavy sound of metal crashing against concrete.
 "He sounds angry. Why doesn't he come in for breakfast?"
 "Already ate. I don't think he slept much last night or for the last several weeks. My guess, he relives the shooting every night. He woke me up around four, making noise checking his tools, then loading them into the station-wagon even though he can't use most of them with his leg out."
 After breakfast, Mom asked me to help carry bed sheets and clothes to the laundry room. As I loaded the washing machine, she grabbed my hand.
 "Effie called me last night. She overheard you and Yeller talking about Pop and the war. You did the right thing going to him because I can't help and your father won't ever talk about it."
 The dirty clothes fell from my hands onto the floor in a heap. I wanted to talk with Mom about it, but not today. Now I had no choice.
 "I have something important to say, Mom. Yes, Yeller told me about the war but he also talked about Pop meeting a woman named Gwennie from England. He loved her but for some reason it didn't work out. I wanted to know more but Yeller wouldn't tell me. He suggested I ask Pop."
 A pained expression came across Mom's face. She backed up against an old chair, sat down and exhaled, a long deep breath. My mother's voice quivered as she confided, "I know all about her. The first time your father and I ever argued, he screamed that I could never compare to his Gwennie."
 I knelt by the chair and hugged her.
 "It's okay, Mom. You'll always come first with me."
 She dabbed at her watery eyes with her shirt sleeve and started to get up.
 "You need to get ready for work. And if you talk to your father about that woman, be careful. I don't think he ever got over her. You might stir up a lot of hurt for him and us."
 After we walked back to the kitchen, Mom started to pack lunches. She pulled two brown paper bags from a drawer and filled them with sandwiches and chips then handed them to me.
 "I notice sunlight starting to break over South Mountain. Go check on your father. He wants to leave at seven sharp."
 With caution, I poked my head into the garage and saw Pop shuffling tools back and forth in the station-wagon. Last year, he bought the rust colored 1957 Chevy from the Kovich Chevrolet dealership in town. He didn't believe in credit and paid cash for the vehicle. For my father, I think his being debt free represented power, control and pride.
 "You about ready to go, Pop?"
 He pulled on his watch bob and clicked open the metal face plate.
 "Don't rush me, boy. We can leave in about ten minutes."
 As he slipped the watch back in his pocket, I noticed his hands. Raw and chaffed from years of laying bricks, he had wrapped tape on each finger to keep them from bleeding. For the first time since talking to Yeller, I looked at my father through different eyes.
 "Mom packed lunches. I'll put them in the back seat."
 "Good. Open the garage door on your way."
 When he spoke, his voice radiated crisp authority with a hint of accent, Pennsylvania Dutch style.
 I pulled the door upward, letting early morning sun flood the garage and onto Pop. Bathed in light, I noticed how fit he looked for a man in his sixties. It puzzled me. Why did these things seem different today or had I changed?
 We loaded the last of the equipment and a five gallon decanter of water into the back then closed the hatch door. I climbed behind the wheel while Pop struggled to stow his crutch and hobble into the passenger's seat.
 As I started the engine, Mom scurried into the garage, still in her slippers, up to my side of the car.
 "Enjoy the day, dear, and do your best. No one can expect more of you."
 She patted my shoulder, then walked to the other side of the car and talked to Pop in a low monotone voice.
 "Don't push your son too hard. It'll be over ninety degrees."
 He looked at her with a blank stare.
 "I can't treat him any different than the others."
 "I know. Just show a little tolerance."
 Without responding, Pop looked over at me and motioned to back up.
 "Let's go, boy."
 I shifted the car in reverse and engaged the clutch, while Mom stood at the entrance to the garage with a lost look on her face. As I pulled onto the macadam, I promised myself, nothing will stop me from asking about that woman, Gwennie.
 The drive through Lewistown Valley seemed to take forever. Silence dominated the air inside the station-wagon. Pop lit a Chesterfield cigarette and puffed on it, sometimes flipping ashes out the window. I kept both hands on the wheel and tried to think of what to say. Should I bring her up now or wait? Later. Definitely later. Maybe at lunch? Yeah. I'll ask about Gwennie at lunch.
 Pop took off his hat, revealing his neatly trimmed gray hair, flat-top style. I tried to imagine how he looked in 1918, a young man wearing his military uniform with blond hair, short on the sides and wavy locks on top.
 Yeah. I had changed. I could see through the hardened old man sitting next to me. Beyond the limitations of the eye. From that day forward, part of him would be the courageous soldier that Yeller had described to me.
 We arrived at the job site about seven thirty. Pop hobbled toward the supervisor's shack. I carried our water to the lunch area and then headed toward the long line of scaffolding on the west side of the building. The walls stood about five feet tall with another ten to go.
 Some of the men arrived and started their morning task of preparing for the day's work. Just like Pop, I walked past the stack of cinder blocks, counting the rows, estimating how many might be laid today.
 Yeller showed up minutes later, talking with several of the old timers, then went into the supervisor's shack. At five to eight, he came out and stopped by as I started loading bags of cement into the mixer.
 "Good Morning, Vance."
 "Morning, Yeller. I wanted to thank you for everything last night. It meant a lot to me."
 "No need. I probably would have taken that story with me to the grave. It felt good to get it off my chest. Well, enough said, I best let you get back to work."
 He climbed on top of the scaffold, checking the set line, cleaning the mortar board, getting ready for my first load of mud.
 The late morning air sizzled with heat but didn't slow our pace. Pop and Benny came out later to inspect our progress. By noon, Yeller and the other bricklayers laid three courses of block on the massive structure. We made great progress.
 As we knocked off for lunch, my stomach churned and sweat drenched my palms, thinking about the showdown. The apprehension overwhelmed me even though I stood about an inch taller than Pop.
 Over the last two years, I had developed a muscular body with broad shoulders and narrow waist. In my daydreams, I fancied myself competition for the likes of Steve Atlas.
 I grabbed my bag lunch and headed for the break area. Some of the crew walked to their cars for the comfort of a padded seat and radio. The rest sat under the cool shade of some trees toward the back of the property.
 Sitting on the grass, I started to eat my sandwich. Waiting. Waiting for Pop. Almost ten minutes later, he ambled to an open spot and sat down.
 I downed my bologna with white bread and walked over by him. Opening the decanter, I poured a cup of cold water and slowly sipped, biding my time. Near the end of lunch, most of the guys headed back to the job site. Now. I had to do it now.
 "Pop. I want to ask you something."
 "Yeah? About what?"
 "Someone in your past. A woman named Gwennie? What happened to."
 Before I finished, the sting of his hand slapping my face, surprised me. My head recoiled but moved very little unlike three years ago when he knocked me to the floor. Had I grown so strong in such a short time? I rubbed my cheek and looked at him through narrowed eyes.
 Pop bellowed, "You son of a bitch! You crossed the line, boy. You got no damn business asking about her. Your mother started this, didn't she?"
 "Leave her out of this! If you want to pick on someone, look right here. I asked the question."
 "I knew you'd be trouble from the day she brought you home from the hospital. Always fussing over you. Well, you're going to keep your nose out of my past."
 "Go to hell! You never wanted Mom. That woman came first. Didn't she? You couldn't even hold on to her so you had to settle for us."
 "Shut your mouth, boy. You don't know what the hell you're talking about. I'm done with you."
 As he struggled to get up, I felt angry, expelling heavy breaths like an aggravated bull, but relieved that I demanded an accounting for our lives. Pop headed straight for the supervisor's shack with some of the other workers following behind him. A few laborers remained in the break area, talking between themselves and glancing at me from time to time.
 With minutes left before work, I gulped the last of my water and started to get up. As I looked around, I spied Yeller walking toward me from the tree line. He must have been there all the time.
 "Look, uh, Vance. Why don't you drop by the house on Saturday. I guess we'll finish that conversation after all."
 A feeling of gratitude washed over me, "Thanks, Yeller."
 As we started walking to the job site he advised, "Don't be too hard on your father. His life hasn't been easy."
 I immersed myself in work that afternoon, trying to forget what happened. The drive home filled with bristled tension. At home, Mom tried to keep us apart as much as possible. The week dragged by living under a cloud of unresolved questions. So much for the admiration I felt for him just a few days ago.

Chapter 24
 On Saturday morning, I drove to town filled with anticipation. I went straight to Yeller's place and knocked on the door. Effie met me, smiling, wrapping her arm around me as we went inside.
 "Yeller told me you'd be dropping by. Have you eaten lunch yet?"
 "No, ma'am."
 "Well, come join us then."
 We walked through the living room to a large kitchen area. Yeller sat on one end of a white Formica table. An urn of steaming clam chowder soup sat in the middle and next to it, crackers, neatly circled on a plate. She led me to a chair across from him.
 As Effie sat down, she directed, "Help yourself and don't be afraid to have seconds."
 I ladled the hot soup into a bowl in front of me and started eating as Yeller pushed the plate of crackers toward me.
 We engaged in conversation about school, my girlfriend Reese, what I wanted to do with my life. As we talked, I though about how strange it felt, my enjoying this delightful meal with pleasant discussion. A feeling of harmony.
 After lunch, I helped Effie put dishes and silverware in the sink.
 "I'll finish up here. Why don't you and Yeller go into the living room?"
 We walked into the cozy alcove and sat down. I took the overstuffed arm chair and Yeller, the recliner he seemed to prefer.
 He drew a cigarette from his pack of Marlboros on the end table next to him and tapped it against the hard marble top. Pulling a lighter from his pocket, he lit the smoke and puffed until the tip reached a bright red.
 Yeller leaned back and asked, "Have things simmered down between you and Walter?"
 "We don't talk much. He spends most of his time reading the newspaper or brooding over his bad leg."
 "I feel responsible for the whole damn mess. After all these years, he never got over Gwennie and took his anger out on you."
 "Yeller, I don't blame you. Sooner or later, Pop and I would have had it out anyway. If not Gwennie then something else. Besides, he only gives a damn about the union and his men, not Mom or me.
 "It might seem so but in his own way, he does care about you and your mother. Give him some time. He can't stay mad at you forever."
 "I'll try for Mom's sake."
 "Good."
 "About the war, Yeller. What happened after Construction Company # Ninety went back to England?"
 "We said our good-byes to the Marines, packed our duffel bags and arrived in London two weeks later. Our barracks lay just outside the city in Tiffany Square. The Army gave us two day's leave before we started our next assignment. After Belleau Woods, it felt like a holiday.
 "Wearing our best uniforms, we headed for the glitter of downtown. The streets filled with cars and trolleys. Throngs of people scurried about on the sidewalks. Walter and I took in the sights. Museums, London Tower, changing of the guard. Walked until our feet hurt. Then ate fish and chips from a street vendor. That evening we headed for the Armed Forces dance hall.
 "The building looked old. A large two story structure made of cut stone with twin lions on both sides of the entrance. As we entered the massive room, the air came alive with bouncy, snappy, band sounds. Doughboys, Navy and Marines, wall to wall, dancing with girls. Lots of them.
 "But dancing held no interest for us at that time. The pub at the far end of the room suited our thirst for a tankard of warm ale. We pushed in among the young girls and soldiers lining the long oak bar trimmed with fancy scrolls and cherubs.
 "Without delay, the bartender filled our order for two large mugs of brew. We toasted to the men lost at bois de Belleau, chugged our drinks then ordered another round.
 "In the quest to satisfy our thirst, we paid little notice to the people next to us. Civilians. Two men dressed like dandies. Probably from the affluent north side of London. And a girl. A real beauty. Well dressed in a low cut, black satin dress that enveloped and accentuated her shapely curves. Short, brown hair, framed an oval face with milk white complexion.
 "Your father smiled when he noticed her. And he never looked pleased about anything. Stunned, I watched as he interrupted the three engaged in conversation. With unexpected politeness or at least unnatural for your father, he asked the lady to dance. I held my breath, expecting a fist fight to start any minute. Instead, she agreed and he escorted her to the dance floor. They soon disappeared into the sea of bodies swaying back and forth on the gleaming white marble.
 "I remember feeling homesick at that moment. My girl lived thousands of miles away."
 "Do you mean Mrs. Swento?"
 Yeller forced a grin for the first time since he started talking.
 "Yeah. She waited for me through the whole damn war.
 "While I watched for Walter to return, the dandies struck up a conversation. They called the girl Gwennie. Gwennie Blair. Seems her parents insisted those two fine gentlemen, family friends, chaperon the girl. She attended Cambridge, lived several blocks from the college and liked to come to the dances on weekends.
 "Soon, the music ended and they returned from the dance floor, walking hand in hand as if they'd known each other for years. Your father beamed as he engaged her in conversation.
 "Walter and Gwennie spent the night absorbed with each other, most of the time on the dance floor. The dandies and I talked and drank ale. We stayed until the band stopped playing and the bartender started to sweep the floor.
 "As we walked outside, your father said good night to Gwennie. He kissed her as she climbed into the chaperone's roadster. Seconds later, as they drove off, I hailed a cab back to the base. After that night, we walked different paths.
 "Did you guys still hang out together after that?"
 "Sure but things changed. Over the following weeks, Walter and I settled into our new duty assignment. We started work on an addition to the brigade officer's quarters. During the weekends, I stayed on the base, writing letters to Effie, playing poker or watching silent movies at the square. Gwennie picked up your father in her parent's roadster on Friday evenings and they disappeared until Sunday.
 "He seemed happy. A big change from the serious man that I knew. But the guys in the regiment gossiped about him. It didn't take long to find out Gwennie came from a family of barristers and she intended to follow that line of work. They thought she just wanted to party with a Yank, for fun. But I believe she loved him.
 "Walter and I talked about her several times during the following months. He fell heavy for the girl and wanted to marry her after the war. That day came sooner than both of us expected.
 "We just finished the south wall of the officer's quarters when the news came in. On a sunny afternoon in the fall of 1918, the Krauts surrendered. We jumped up and down, screamed until our lungs gave out. The war. That god damn war, with all its misery, finally came to an end.
 "Everything turned upside down that day. Even though I still had to serve our country, to complete the project, I could only think about being with my parents and most of all Effie. I marked time with the passing of winter then spring and home.
 "How did Pop feel about the war being over?"
 "Your father planned on proposing to Gwennie. I even helped him pick out an engagement ring from one of the jewelers on the Abby. That weekend, he asked her to become his wife. She accepted and took him to meet her parents. Your father told me the Blairs acted cordial enough. They wished the couple well but seemed distant. Walter dismissed the event, saying they just caught her parents by surprise.
 "We wrapped up the officer's quarters in late October, just before the first cold rains. The roofers finished a week later. And except for the brickwork on several fireplaces, your father and I spent the rest of winter helping to build the walls and floors inside.
 "Harsh winds gave way to the gentle breezes of spring. With the new officers quarters completed we worked on constructing U.S. Army barracks next to the Queen's Regiment.
 "Late in April, we received final orders to ship out of Portsmouth Harbor, back to America. I scurried about trying to wrap up loose ends. Surrendered my bricklaying tools to quartermaster, returned some books to the library, said good by to friends.
 "Your father spent little time if any on the base. Walter and Gwennie stayed at her parent's summer cottage in the country planning for the future. He had such high expectations for a fresh start back home.
 "They agreed, Walter would send for her after he arrived at Fort McKellon, New York and started to muster out of the Army. Walter and Gwennie planned to wed in New York and live there or Philadelphia.
 "On a bright morning in early May, we stood in troop formation to say one last goodbye to our English hosts. The commanding officer of Fifteenth Commando Brigade said old Ninety served with integrity, courage and represented the finest men he had ever known. Yep, I remember him saying those exact words like it happened yesterday.
 Yeller mashed his cigarette in an ash tray, wiped his eyes and stood up.
 "I have something you should see. Just relax. I'll be right back."
 He left the room for several minutes and returned with two boxes. One had the words Queen and Country embossed on top with a flip up lid. Yeller lifted it to reveal a medal. It seemed like brand new with a multicolor ribbon and bronze medallion. The other box, with U.S. Army on top, held a decoration with solid blue ribbon and silver colored star.
 "This came from the queen herself. England's highest medal for valor. The other from our President. A silver star for courage above and beyond the call of duty. Your father and I both received commendations that morning."
 He set the medals on my lap as a tidal wave of emotion swept over me, tearing me apart inside.
 "My god, Yeller. Pop never told me. I don't think he ever spoke about receiving medals, to any of us. Why would he do that?"
 "I can only guess but they might serve as a reminder of the war and Gwennie."
 "What happened after you received the medals?"
 "We climbed on flatbed trucks that afternoon and rode for several hours to Portsmouth Harbor. Straining under the weight of our gear, Walter and I boarded the SS Johnson and settled in on the lower deck. One of the aft cabins served as our home for the next several weeks.
 "Early next morning we headed for New York. The transport ship held forty knots with over a thousand men from four divisions on board. Once we made state-side, every soldier would receive fourteen days leave.
 "We played poker, wrote letters and cleaned our gear during the day. At night we went on deck, watched the stars and listened to some of the boys sing and play harmonica.
 "The journey seemed to take forever but on one clear morning, I saw a beautiful sight, New York's skyline. After cheating death in France, I felt damn lucky to have made it back alive.
 "What happened when the ship landed in New York?"
 "An Army band played music, confetti fell from the tops of buildings and we waved at everyone dockside until our arms hurt. Your father and I prepared to disembark as a long line of soldiers entered the gangplank to meet with their families.
 "We finally stepped on dry land and waded through the crowd. Minutes later, out of nowhere, Effie ran up and kissed me. My parents came too. We just stood there and hugged for the longest time.
 "Then I noticed your father, all alone, leaning against one of the military trucks lining the dock. No one came to see him and it showed by the empty look on his face. His old man, Charles, would have come that morning but Walter didn't want him there.
 "Did Pop end up spending his vacation at the base?"
 "Hell no. I knew if he got on one of those trucks, he'd be cooped up in some empty barracks. After two years at war, I'd be damned if he'd waste his leave. I invited him to stay with me at my parent's house in Tamaqua. At first he didn't want to come. Said he'd be in the way. But Effie and I insisted and after much prodding, he accepted.
 "We drove from Staten Island to Tamaqua that afternoon. To my surprise, the old town hadn't changed and my parent's house looked exactly the same with the worn tarpaper shingles and red brick chimney."
 Yeller stood up, walked to the large picture window and pointed to a row of houses across the street.
 "There it sits, second from the end. The new owners fixed it up after my parents died. Damn. Your father and I had a great time there. I introduced Walter to the neighbors on the block. They treated us like royalty. Soldiers, defenders of liberty. I can't put into words how it felt.
 "The family next door held a party for us our first night back. Some single girls hung around your father like dogs in heat, even though they didn't stand a chance. Effie brought some food, kept me company for a few hours and left early in the evening. Then your father, some old friends and I stayed up half the night drinking beer and singing to the music of an old player piano.
 I joined Yeller at the window and looked for what used to be his parent's house as he continued to talk about coming home.
 "We woke up around noon, feeling like we'd been hit by a freight train. I found empty beer bottles and ash trays filled with cigarette butts everywhere. It took several hours to clean up but I didn't care. Walter and I had lived to see a better day.
 "I showed your father around town. Main Street sported a bunch of little shops, restaurants and the local blacksmith. Up on the west end, the fire company served beer every day except Sunday.
 "At night Effie and I went out on the town, dancing, fancy restaurants or taking in a silent movie at the Majestic. We had a lot of making up to do. And my parents kept your father busy playing Bingo at the fire house or Canasta with the neighbors. They adored him and never forgot the courage he displayed at Beleau Woods.
 "Later in the week, we drove out to some of the big coal mines like the Number Six Colliery and met the guys I grew up with. The mine buzzed with activity back then, hauling coal to the foundries as fast as the miners could get it out of the ground.
 "I saved a trip to the new construction sites in South Tamaqua for last. Bricklayers had as much work as they could handle building coal processing plants. Shaker and sieve plants sorted coal by size for the foundries.
 "I told Walter we'd make a great team, laying brick for the big coal companies. He didn't want any part of it though. Gwennie wanted to live near a major city where she could practice law and have access to theater and museums. I never brought it up again until your father contacted me eleven years later."
 As Yeller and I stared out the window, absorbed by the past, Effie entered the room with what smelled like a pot of tea and a tray filled with two cups, sugar, cream and spoons.
 "Sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt. Thought you might like something to drink. Vance, help yourself."
 Without another word, she walked back to the kitchen. We filled our cups and sat on the large couch next to the coffee table.
 "Let's see, Vance. I told you about the trip to South Tamaqua. On our last night, my parents, Walter, Effie and I went out to dinner and ended up at the West End Fire Company. A local band played jazz and blues on weekends.
 "Effie and I danced most of the evening. Your father entertained my parents except when the local girls kept him busy dancing the Bustle.
 "Those two weeks seemed to pass in an instant. Early Saturday morning, Walter and I packed our clothes in anticipation of the trip to Fort McKellon. Your father told my parents how much he enjoyed his stay and thanked them for their kindness. I also said my goodbyes, knowing it would be several months before we received our discharges. Later that morning, Effie drove us back to New York.
 "We settled into the First Army Division as instructors for the Corps of Engineers. Seems the Army thought your father and I knew a thing or two we could teach new recruits about building bridges and railroads.
 "After Walter settled into a routine at the base, he looked for a place to rent. Several weeks later, he found a small, second floor apartment, just outside Yonkers. It sat a short distance from the Hudson River plus the community flourished with an affluent middle class.
 "He seemed happy, filling the place with used furniture from a second hand shop a few blocks away. I helped him move the larger pieces as well as paint walls and lay carpeting. The place looked nice when your father finished.
 "The weather grew hot as July approached and we motored trainees out to the construction projects in Tuckahoe. Every morning, your father worked the Army Privates until they dropped. Had em laying brick, casting cement and clearing track beds. In the afternoon, they received arms training. Walter told me that in the next war, they'd have to be faster, stronger and more weapons savvy, just to survive."
 "What about Gwennie? What happened to her?"
 "I'm getting to that. He wrote to her often and she answered every letter. Sometimes he read her postcards to me, especially the parts about her preparing for the trip to the U.S. She planned to take the Masatania, scheduled to leave England at the end of July and arrive in New York by early August.
 "Your father acted like a school boy, giddy and full of life. He even bought an ice box, of all things. Much too expensive for a soldier to own but he wanted it for Gwennie. Walter also made plans for their wedding at a Protestant church several miles away in Mount Vernon. Not that your father had any commitment to the religion. Hell, he always embraced atheism, but he probably would have become a Protestant to make her happy.
 "I remember the day Walter received word by telegraph that the Masatania had finally left Portsmouth and set course for America. He looked nervous as a mother ready to give birth. I don't think he could concentrate on anything. Your father rambled on about weather patterns over the Atlantic and iceberg sightings near Greenland. Memories of the Titanic, seven years earlier still remained fresh in everyone's minds.
 "Walter bought his first cake of ice for the cooler from a street vendor and stored some milk, meat and cheese. He also seemed to plunge into his work during the day, probably trying to keep his mind busy. At night, we ate dinner at the non-commissioned officers club then sat around swapping war stories and drinking beer until midnight.
 "On the fourth of August, 1919, a Thursday, as I remember, Gwennie's ship docked at New York harbor. We had been out on the shooting range when Walter received the news. After work, your father dressed in his best uniform, borrowed a friend's roadster and drove twelve miles to port. After months of preparation, the day had arrived to claim his future bride."
 Yeller paused, shaking his head, with a look of sadness. He reached out and touched my shoulder for a moment.
 Without a word, I stared back at him, trying to understand the feeling of anguish flooding my senses.
 "In 1919, Walter turned twenty seven and had already seen more than his share of misery. But it seems life had plans for sending a lot more hurt your father's way.
 "That afternoon, I stayed at the barracks and busied myself with getting ready for the next day. Several hours later, as I sat on my bunk, spit polishing boots, I heard someone raising a commotion outside.
 "I swung open the front door to find your father kicking over garbage cans and cursing everyone in sight. His breath reeked of alcohol, mud stains covered his uniform and his tie, pulled out of place, hung like a noose around his neck.
 "I'll never forget the expression on his face. He looked like a man who had been kicked in the stomach. Rage filled his eyes.
 "He screamed at me, asking what he'd done wrong. I didn't know what he meant as I grabbed him by the arm and pulled him inside the barracks. If the Lieutenant saw Walter in that condition, he'd be written up for public drunkenness.
 "He threw up on the floor and stumbled back and forth past the foot lockers, rambling about how he hated Gwennie. After some coaxing, Walter calmed down long enough to fall asleep on my bunk. I pulled the blanket over him and kept watch all night in case he woke up.
 "Around five the next morning, I forced him into the shower. After he regained his bearings, we walked to the mess hall. Over coffee, eggs and toast, we talked about what happened that previous afternoon.
 "Your father told me he arrived at port around five and entered the ship's Provost Station but they wouldn't let him on board. Instead, they handed him a letter from Gwennie. Confused, he ripped open the envelope and read it.
 "The damned note said she couldn't marry him and intended to return on the next ship back to England. Gwennie wouldn't even see him to give a reason why. The hand written letter said she still loved him but he should start a new life without her."
 "Yeller, how could she have be so heartless? Damn her to hell. I hate Gwennie for what she did to him."
 "Whoa. Let me finish before you cast judgment. Yeah, it seems rotten, the way she treated Walter but hear me out.
 "After reading her letter, I got angry, damn angry. Who the hell travels a couple thousand miles only to turn tail and run away? I told your father to get dressed because this time, I planned to board that ship and nobody would stop me from seeing Gwennie.
 "After trading duty with our fellow drill sergeants, we arrived at port about mid-morning and marched straight to the ship's office. Walking up to the Provost at his desk, I leaned over him, almost nose to nose and asked what it would take to see Miss Gwennie Blair.
 "He looked up at me with a blank stare and asked my name. Before he could blink, I ground out the words, Sergeant Yeller Swento, and said that he should make it snappy because it had been a long night and I wouldn't tolerate any flimflam.
 "The bastard must have understood that I meant every word because he picked up the ship's phone and dialed Gwennie's cabin. He talked to her for a moment then hung up. Without hesitation, the Provost spun around and faced me. Sporting a somewhat more cordial tone, he directed, "The lady will see only you."
 "What about Pop? I've never seen my father back off from anything. Why didn't he demand to see her?"
 "Listen, after Walter sobered up, he wanted to crash the gate and ramrod his way onto the ship. I talked him out of it because if the CO got wind of something like that, he would have busted your father to Private.
 "Walter trusted me to find the truth and make sense of it all. At the time, I didn't comprehend just how crazy a young woman's life could turn out. Overwhelming events that fall outside a person's control and render them helpless."
 "I don't understand at all. They loved each other and it should have been enough."
 Yeller shook his head and smiled at me as he lit another cigarette.
 "You can't be more than seventeen, right?"
 "Yeah. So what?"
 "You don't know all the things that can go on between a man and woman. I mean the push and pull of family, friends and meeting each other's needs."
 "No. I guess not."
 I sat back on the couch, exhaled a long deep breath then poured another cup of tea.
 "What happened after the Provost gave you permission to board the ship?"
 "Well, as I remember, I had to find my way to the aft deck, first class cabins. The hallways buzzed with activity as I passed other human beings dressed in fancy clothes, all going somewhere in a hurry.
 "Getting lost didn't help but after walking the corridors for about twenty minutes, I found Gwennie's cabin. I stood there, trying to decide what to do and vowed to get some answers.
 "Ready for a confrontation, I banged on the door and prepared to wade into her. A moment later, Gwennie appeared and gawked at me through red, puffy eyes. Her skin seemed pasty white when contrasted against the black bathrobe that hung loose on her shoulders. The silky dark hair that I remembered from England jutted here and there as if it hadn't been combed in days.
 "Words I had memorized and prepared to use like weapons left me and could only think to ask if she felt okay. She said no, forced a troubled smile and invited me inside.
 "The cabin, dark but roomy, smelled like a rose garden. Several vases with fresh cut flowers decorated the foyer. Gwennie walked to a large drawing area and sat on one of the classy looking parlor chairs positioned around a fancy coffee table.
 "Before I could join her, she picked up the ship's phone and ordered a bottle of scotch for two. As we started to engage in conversation, a knock echoed at the front door. One of the ship's waiters held a sterling silver tray with a pint of McGintey's Reserve, decanter of ice and two crystal glasses with HMS Masatania etched on the side.
 "He popped its cork, poured the glasses half full then departed. She belted down the drink and poured another while I sipped at mine. I felt uncomfortable about the whole damn thing, drinking in the middle of the day with Gwennie while your father waited on the dock.
 "Before long though, I realized she might need the brew to help her explain the note she left for Walter. Gwennie stared at her glass for a moment then confronted me, a solemn look on her face."
 As Yeller continued, I started to feel uncomfortable, like I had become too close to their private lives. A peeping Tom. My senses told me to back off but I couldn't stop now.
 "Yeller, does my Mom know about the note and why you met with Gwennie?"
 "I can't say. Bernice never asked and even so, I figured by all accounts, she didn't care. It happened years before Walter met your mother.
 "Anyway, Gwennie thanked me for coming aboard to see her. In the same breath she finished her second scotch. Then she asked about Walt. How strange, in almost forty years, I've never heard anyone but Gwennie use that nick name - Walt.
 "I told her how he got crocked and risked getting thrown into the stockade, renting the apartment, wedding plans, everything. She didn't take the news well. Her face drew up tight and a multitude of tears found their way down her cheeks.
 "She cried while I sat like a stupid jamoke, not knowing what to do. So, I waited, staying quiet, and shared her sadness. Several minutes later, as Gwennie wiped her eyes, she pulled a piece of paper from her bathrobe pocket, unfolded what looked like a telegram and pushed it toward me.
 "The document looked like it had been crumpled into a ball then smoothed flat. As I struggled to read it, the message chilled my soul. Gwennie's father sent the telegram two days before the ship docked and brought bad news.
 "Her mother lay in the critical care ward of All Saints Hospital in Ireland. Mrs. Blair had traveled to Dublin, serving as barrister to several members of the Irish Republican Brotherhood. These men had been conscripted by the British Army to fight in World War One. They had challenged the right of England to force them into servitude.
 "While Mrs. Blair argued their case, the guerilla faction of the IRB blew up the court house, killing or wounding four judges, nine lawyers and twenty seven civilians.  She suffered massive second degree burns and internal injuries. Gwennie's father asked her to return right away. The worst part, even if Mrs. Blair survived, she might never see again."
 Listening to Yeller, I felt a knot forming in the pit of my stomach. How could I stay unemotional and separated now? Gwennie became more than just a name. I sensed her loss and agony.
 "The news devastated her, Vance. I tried my best to comfort Gwennie but it didn't help.
 "She couldn't bring herself to see Walter, breaking his heart and knowing she had to return home. "She pulled your father's diamond engagement ring off her finger and handed it to me. Gwennie wanted Walter to give it to someone who could be there for him.
 "I put the ring in my shirt pocket and finished the drink. As I stood up to leave, once again, she thanked me for my kindness and understanding. I offered a humble prayer for her mother and wished Gwennie, God speed back to England. I never saw her again, neither did your father. She boarded the US Filbright, bound for Europe, the next day."
 Yeller stopped talking and stared out the large picture window overlooking the mountains. I bowed my head almost in reverence of my new found understanding. No one can predict where life will take them.
 After that day, I felt older and tired, very tired. I searched for truth, knowledge and found it but the burden of knowing weighed on me.  At least my parents held no more secrets or did they?
 At work, Yeller and I talked several more times about when he returned from the Army, but we never mentioned it to my father.
 As for Pop and me, we seemed to reach a compromise in our relationship. We kept to ourselves. He stayed close to the supervisor's shack for the next several weeks until his leg started to heal then tried laying brick for a few hours every day. I tended to mixing cement, carrying brick and wondered what unknown events lay ahead in my life.

Chapter 25
 About the middle of August, after a hot day at work, Pop and I pulled in the drive way. We grabbed our lunch pails and thermoses and headed for the kitchen. I found a snack in the refrigerator and walked into the living room. My father trudged upstairs to change out of his cement laden clothes.
 I turned on the TV then looked for Mom. Most times, she busied herself working in the kitchen or sewing room.
 I called out, "Mom? You upstairs?"
 Pop yelled down, "I don't see her. Check out back."
 I looked in the shed behind our house, walked to the back yard, behind the small vineyard of Concord grapes. Nothing.
 Out of frustration, I walked part-way up the mountain where the back yard gave way to dense foliage. Again, nothing.
 When I returned to the house, I found Pop talking on the phone. Minutes later he hung up, shaking his head.
 "Nobody saw her, not the Swentos or the neighbors."
 I looked at the wall clock and noticed the time. Five minutes to six.
 "Pop, in three hours it'll be dark. What should we do?"
 "We'll head for town, check out the stores on Main and the park too."
 Pop and I piled into the station-wagon and headed for Tamaqua.
 When we arrived downtown, Pop let me off at the east end by the fire company. I started running from shop to shop, slowing down only long enough to check inside. My heart began to beat faster but not just from running. This time, I sensed something bad happened.
 The last store on Main, Acme Grocery, had just closed its doors for the day. No sign of Mom inside. I ran past the residential area with its blocks upon blocks of row houses, toward the west end of town where Pop searched through Bungalo Park.
 Coming up on the recreational area, I saw Pop's station-wagon in the parking lot. Some children played on a swing set, a few adults walked through manicured grass, appearing to enjoy the evening.
 I walked into the park, past the baseball diamond and swimming pool to the tree line and followed it to the picnic area. In the midst of barbeque pits and wooden tables, Pop sat on one of the benches looking out on the horizon.
 "She can't be downtown, Pop, I looked through all the stores."
 My father seemed lost, overwhelmed as he shook his head.
 "I couldn't find her either. Maybe this time she left for good."
 My body tensed in disbelief because Mom wouldn't have gone away without saying good bye or taking me with her and besides where would she go? Aunt Cleonas? Schnecksville?
 "No. She wouldn't do that to us, not after all we've been through."
                                                            ****
 My memory thought back twelve years to 1947, as a five year old, first grader.
 "Vance Remke, you get over here, right now. Didn't I tell you not to take your father's tools out in the yard? Saws and hammers can hurt you and they'll rust sitting on the grass. I want you to find each one and put them back in the toolbox.
 "If your father saw those tools in the yard, he'd take it out on me, not you."
 "I'll be good, Mama. I promise, I won't do it again."
 "Yes, well, it won't matter if he finds out. I swear, if he touches me one more time, I'll leave and never come back. You hear me, I'll never come back. "
 "Maaamaa, pleassse don't leave me. I'm zzzorrry. I'll be good. Pleassse, pleassse don't leave me."
 As if someone flipped a switch, Mom stopped yelling at me and the expression on her face turned from anger to grief. She dropped to her knees and reached out to hug me.
 "My God, what have I done? Of course, I'll take you with me."
                                                            ****
 My daydream evaporated as I heard Pop trying to get my attention.
 "Boy. Hey, boy. Let's go. We have to check the valley. It might be a long shot but I don't know where else she would go."
 "Yeah, Pop. Also, she could have walked to the Ressie or visited with the Delk family in the hollow."
 We boarded the wagon one more time and headed back up the mountain, past our house and the pine tree forest across from the Johnson family.
 Parking in the New England Valley middle school lot, we ran across the busy road, ducked under the iron-gate and walked down the dirt road to the hollow where the Delks lived. I felt reluctant to bother them but Pop marched up to the front door and knocked until someone answered.
 After a few moments, an old, white haired woman came to the front door and peered at him through the screen door. Pop introduced himself.
 "Good evening Ma'am, Walter Remke here. My wife, Bernice, well, she seems to be missing. I know she visits you from time to time. Have you seen her today?"
 The woman sneered at him and crossed her arms.
 "So you come looking for the Misses? I know about you, Mr. Walter Remke. She told me everything. Like when her brother Gene beat the hell out of you in Cumberland. You hit her for the first time then, didn't you and her brother made you pay for it. But as fate would have it, you moved her to Schnecksville, away from her brother's justice. You seem to be one lucky bastard.
 "You hear me good, Mr. Remke, I don't know where Bernice might be but she deserves better than you. Now get the hell off my porch."
 The door slammed shut with a loud bang. Pop stood there, appearing dazed, looking at the ground and hands in his pockets. He seemed unable to say anything.
 I took several steps backward because knowing Pop, he would launch into a tirade of cuss words aimed at the door where Mrs. Delk had stood only a few moments ago.
 Instead, Pop turned toward me, a disgusted look on his face as he cursed in German.
 "Gott fir dumm seit. Listen to me boy, it never happened except in your mother's mind. One night after she had an argument with Agnes, your mother became quite upset. While in our room, she seemed to lose all control. I tried to calm your mother down but she took her rage out on my face. Your mother decked me and left a pretty good shiner.
 "I called your Uncle Gene to help out and between the both of us we managed to get her to sleep. He stayed overnight and when we left for work the next morning, some of the boarders saw my black and blue eye.
 "Nobody knew the real story, so the gossipers made up their own. Your mother didn't remember anything about what happened that night and I didn't want her to fester over the fact she hit me. To this day, she thinks Uncle Gene gave me the shiner."
 He spit on the ground, wiped his mouth in slow motion and shook his head. Pop continued to curse in German, but this time under his breath, as we walked down Mrs. Delk's driveway.
 I kept my distance because I hadn't seen him this mad in a long time.
 As we headed back toward the road, he grouched, "Let's get the hell out of here, boy."
 "Pop, we need to check the Ressie next. Sometimes, Mom likes to sit by the falls and listen to the roar of water on the rocks below. She might be there."
 We continued to walk the sloping road down to the broad murky reservoir and followed the shore line to the old dam constructed by federal workers in the 1930s.
 I followed the foot path so familiar to me, Pop right behind as we approached the deafening sound of water falling several hundred feet below at the mouth of the dam.
 Pop and I searched everywhere around the edge of the falls. No sign of Mom. I peered into the froth below, holding back the fear that she fell by accident or worse. Nothing.
 After searching for almost an hour, we gave up and walked back to the main road. And like a bad omen, the sky started to darken with black clouds. A sense of foreboding filled me as daylight gave way to evening.
 Without warning, it started to rain as we rushed to the vehicle and drove further out in the valley. First the light pitter, patter of small rain drops fell on the windshield as we passed the Garners place and Shoup's egg farm.
 Several minutes later, a heavy downpour fell, sounding like someone beating on the metal roof. Pop turned the windshield wipers on high as the rubber blades smacked back and forth on the glass.
 We passed Poter's place, Tasler's farm and Ladam's property. Now, I felt scared because I didn't know any of the houses beyond Wanamaker's Woods. Pop and I didn't talk as we stared out the windshield, in a trance-like state, looking for Mom.
 Houses gave way to dense wooded forest on both sides of the road. Bursts of lightning like photo flashes illuminated the rough textured tree tops covering the mountain as we ground mile after agonizing mile further into the valley.
 "She can't be here, Pop. No human being would walk through this place tonight."
 "Just keep looking, boy. We'll go all the way to Pottsville then we can head back home."
 Rain beat against the road like a beast gone mad while I watched Pop struggle with the steering wheel against the violent deluge. With each clap of thunder, my heart seemed to skip a beat.
 On the edge of my seat, I peered through squinted eyes at the shadows, real and imagined, that moved back and forth on the horizon.
 Trees and road, trees and road without end. Please, God, help us find her.
 Minutes ticked by in agonizing procession as we drove through that lonely stretch of road.
 When we climbed a small hill, I strained to see something moving at the top. At first, nothing more than a small speck bobbing up and down on the horizon.
 "Pop, I see something up there, on the right side of the road."
 "Yeah, let's take a look but don't get your hopes up. It could be anyone.
 My anticipation grew as we pulled up behind the sole figure walking through the rain. I looked for something familiar about this entity just ahead of us but darkness obscured everything.
 Pushing my face up to the side window, I strained to see this isolated person on the road. Shocked by the sight before me, I gasped for air.
 "Stop the car! Stop the car!"
 Mom, wearing only a house dress and full length apron, like she had just come from the kitchen, looked back at me then continued walking.
 I pushed the door open with all my strength, reached out and held her, yelling all the while, "Mom! Mom!" We just stood there for a moment as the rain pelted us, our clothes soaking wet.
 She acted strange as I opened the back door and helped her inside. Mom didn't seem to recognize me, the warm, loving look in her eyes, gone. My mother just stared at the torrent of rain coming down outside.
 Pop, looking almost uninvolved, just sat behind the steering wheel, a pained expression on his face.
 "Mom, please look here. It's Vance, your son. Do you know me?"
 A look of acknowledgement came back to her face.
 "I have to go home, dear."
 "We'll head back right now and get you dried off. Right, Pop?"
 He stared at the windshield without saying a word.
 "No. No. Aunt Cleona needs me. She'll make everything right once I get to her house."
 I forced the words, "Mom. Aunt Cleona lives over four hundred miles from here."
 I watched the life drain from her face as she looked past me to the rain outside.
 Pop turned the car around in the middle of the road and started the trek home, our home.
 My worst fear came true. Mom lost ground in the battle for her mind. She could walk away at any time and never return.
 As I struggled to cope with the emotions welling up inside me, I longed for the happy times about thirteen years earlier. I couldn't have been more than four.
                                                            ****
 The sky, powder blue, competed against the lush green of the surrounding mountains on a warm sunny day.
 A gray metal tub stood before me on the dirt driveway that ran from the road up to our small frame house. The receptacle had been filled with cold water from the well for my bath.
 "Vance, take off your underwear and get in."
 "Mommy, people will see me."
 "It's okay, dear, nobody will notice."
 I looked at my mother's warm smile and realized I had no choice. She reached under my arms, lifted me into the tub and washed the total of my physical existence until I met her inspection and approval.
 Mom dried me with a towel then I scurried to the house where she dressed me with clean clothes. We played and talked and enjoyed each other's company.
 I would never feel that closeness again.
                                                            ****
 Pop drove at a tedious rate of about forty miles an hour through the downpour, while Mom and I sat in the back. We salvaged our family for one more day, until the next time.
 When we arrived home, he pulled the station-wagon close to the front door so I could help her into the house.
 My mother walked to the laundry room, pulled a clean towel from the closet and headed upstairs. I followed, not far behind.
 "Mom, if you need anything, just let me know. Okay?"
 She stopped at her room, smiled at me and nodded, then closed the door behind her.
 I headed downstairs while Pop heated a pot of coffee on the stove. He sat at the kitchen table with a deck of cards, shuffling them over and over. I joined him, watching my father distracted in mindless activity.
 "Pop? Pop. We have to do something. There must be a way to help her. She can't go on like this, my mother one minute and no-one the next."
 Our eyes met and I observed a stranger, yet still my father. He seemed beaten, defeated and burdened with every trouble in the world.
 "What the hell do you want me to do? Send her to a shrink at fifty bucks an hour until he drains me dry. Those bastards can't help her. In all my life, I have never known anyone cured by those quacks.
 "And forget about the state institution. If you think she has problems now, just see what a year at Danville would do. I helped build an addition to the place in thirty nine.
 "I laid brick next to the Yard, a fenced-in place where crazies roamed the grounds. Some loonies screamed until they became hoarse, sitting in the sun all day, rocking back and forth with white froth running down their chin. Others just cried or moaned, hitting and slapping themselves until they keeled over.
 "Madness. Madness without end, surrounding her twenty four hours a day. Do you want that for your mother?"
 I felt numbness creeping through my arms and legs up to my face. No answer? No solution? No way to make things normal again? Silence filled the room as I struggled to find an answer.
 "So we do nothing?"
 Pop's eyes watered, as he dealt five cards to me and five to himself.
 "Deuces wild. Your play."
 I never saw my father show emotion before. It scared me because Mom's sickness seemed to go far beyond his control. He appeared to be deadlocked, unable to deal with the reality. In my heart, I knew Mom would only get worse.
 We played poker, hand after hand, as if we could ignore what had just happened. After an hour of losing more than winning, my stomach reminded me that we never had supper.
 "You hungry, Pop?"
 "Yeah. Go ask your mother to come down. We'll have something to eat, the three of us. I'll cook some hot dogs and maybe fry up some taters."
 I heard Pop rummaging through the fridge as I strode upstairs and knocked on Mom's door.
 Waiting for what seemed a long time, the knob turned and the door opened a few inches.
 "Mom? Can you come down? Pop has a mess of frankfurters and spuds cooking on the stove."
 I noticed she had dried off and changed clothes. Mom seemed better, in control and a look of determination on her face. She reached out and touched my cheek in a loving way.
 "In a minute, dear, right now, I need to tell you about the Laing Street house before it leaves me. You should know what happened at our family's boarding house in Maryland. Terrible things."
 "Sure, Mom, we can talk but just for a couple of minutes. Pop will be finished making dinner soon."
 I walked to the bed and sat down next to her. She grabbed my hand and gazed at me, as if struggling to find a place to start.
 "Your father and I met during the summer of twenty one. He stayed at my stepmother's boarding house where I worked as a cook's helper and server.
 "Pop worked for the Federal Construction Company, laying brick at the Corriganville prison. Your father stayed to himself but came to meals on time, had polite manners and drove a fancy black, Model T Ford. In the mornings, he wore denim overalls and after work, a dark blue, pinstripe suit.
 "Unlike a lot of the other boarders, he had a trade. Most of the men worked in the local tire plant as day laborers.
 "Your father seemed different than most folks. Always serious, his eyes, piercing, intimidating.
 "People in Cumberland knew everything about their neighbors but not a soul perceived the slightest clue as to the make-up of this man, Walter. A mystery which made him exciting to be around."
 "Mom, you never mentioned this before. Why now?"
 "Well, some days, I can't remember any of it, the boarding house, stepmother Agnes. Nothing."
 Not surprised, I understood and accepted the reality of Mom's illness. Like some bandit, it ransacked my mother's memories, leaving behind an empty soul.
 "I hated my stepmother. She tormented me every day, from the age of five, after my poor father, Harry, married her. It all started about a year after my mother died of Tuberculosis.
 "He had to wed the harpy for a lot of reasons besides the loss of Mama. He lost his right leg while working for the Baltimore Railroad. From that day forward, he couldn't support me, my sister, Cleona or brother Gene.
 "Harry coupled boxcars for the New York freight run. One day a steam engine lurched backward while my father sat spread eagle across the track, working on a hitch. The wheel cut his leg off just below the knee. No leg, no work.
 "Growing up, Agnes forced me to eat spoiled food, making me sick, sleep without blankets in the middle of winter and a thousand other acts of meanness. I can still hear the shrew's trash, You poor loveless child. I have no love to give you.
 "But I also feared Agnes. Soon after she married my father, the hag had an argument with him. When he turned his back, she hit him on the head with a piece of fire wood and sent him to the hospital.
 "Rumors also had it she stabbed a man in the chest because he demanded money owed him. The police questioned her but without witnesses, they had to release her. Many nights, I lay awake, listening for footsteps into my room, waiting for her to kill me.
 "The abuse didn't end there. She threatened to throw me out on the street unless I quit school and started work in her boarding house. What could I do? At sixteen, I felt trapped in a life of drudgery, until your father came along.
 "One evening, after finishing dinner, Walter stopped by the kitchen to scrape his plate. He asked me if I would join him for dinner and movie on a Saturday night."
 "Mom, did you and Pop, you know, for real, like each other back then?"
 "Yes, and I accepted his offer of a night on the town. Your father took me to one of the best restaurants. We ate thick porterhouse steaks smothered in mushrooms and drank sweet apple cider from champagne glasses. Later we watched Perils of Pauline at the cinema. His attention overwhelmed me.
 "Several days later, when Agnes learned of our date from a nosy boarder, I expected her to lash out at me. However, to my surprise, she seemed pleased. Then a cold sense of anxiety swept over me. Something felt very wrong. Agnes never acted happy about anything.
 "Your father and I dated through the summer, riding horses in the country and picnicking at Pinellas Park. Many times, we rented a row boat on the Potomac River, brought wine to drink and an umbrella to protect us from the midday sun. We stayed there for hours. Those times remain some of my happiest memories.
 "We married in October of twenty one, almost six months after your father and I met. The wedding, held at a justice of the peace on Dixie Street in Cumberland seems so clear to me today. A small reception took place afterward with some family and friends.
 "Agnes wasted no time welcoming my new husband to the family. The hag repulsed me with her sappy sweet talk about being delighted for us. I tried to warn him before the wedding, so many times, about the evil she possessed. Fear ruled my life, afraid of what she might do to me or worse, to the man I loved.
 "I moved from the servant's quarters to your father's room on the second floor the same night we married. However, several days later, my stepmother insisted Walter and I move to chambers on the ground level. She offered the large bedroom with its own bath as a wedding gift. Your father accepted her offer but I wanted to leave, move to another boarding house or a small apartment, anywhere away from Agnes."
 As I sat on Mom's bed, caught up in her turmoil from almost 40 years earlier, a voice interrupted us. Pop's voice.
 "Vance, Vance."
 "We'll talk later, Mom," I offered then walked to the stairs.
 "Yeah, Pop?"
 "We can eat now. I just put vittles on the table."
 "Okay, we'll be right down."
 "Your father cooked supper? This must be a special occasion."
 Curiosity tugged at me like a five year old with a hundred questions. Mom and Pop as lovers? And what about Agnes? Her name didn't exist in our house but during a visit to Maryland, I once heard Aunt Cleona say she earned a long, agonizing demise.
 We walked downstairs to find the table set with plates and silverware in perfect form. A steaming plate of wieners sat in the middle with bread, mustard, ketchup and sliced onions. The aroma of hot butter wafted from a dish of cubed taters.
 Pop, next to the stove, poured coffee into three white, porcelain cups. He set them on the table, then pulled out Mom's chair and waited for her to sit down. He nodded to me and we joined her.
 Silence flooded the room, until I reached out and helped myself to one of the frankfurters and a big helping of spuds. Seconds later, we indulged ourselves with eating and chatting about local gossip as if nothing had happened.
 My curiosity would have to wait. I didn't want to think about anything, not her illness or past. Only to savor the warm glow of a fleeting moment. Mom, Pop and me. A family.

Chapter 26
 Pop woke me early the next morning to get ready for work. I could hear Mom banging around in the kitchen, making breakfast. Before he started downstairs for coffee, I asked him about Agnes.
 "Last night, Mom told me about her stepmother. How she treated Mom so mean and even killed somebody. Did it really happen?"
 An awkward moment of silence prevailed as a look of surprise crossed Pop's face.
 "Your mother hasn't talked about her since we left Maryland and with good reason. Agnes could lie, steal and even kill with no conscience whatsoever. She put a hurt on your mother that will never go away. I don't understand why she would want to scratch open an old wound after all these years."
 "I think Mom wanted to tell me while she still could. She said terrible things happened at the boarding house. What bad stuff took place there?"
 "Agnes would have killed me and a lot of others, if not for your mother. Listen, boy, I've put that time behind me. If she wants to shovel up that heap of old memories, I can't stop her. But heed my words, don't go pushing her for answers if she changes her mind."
 "I won't. She wanted to talk about Agnes so I listened."
 Pop turned and walked downstairs, leaving me to ponder the significance of it all. Did events from so long ago push my mother to the brink of madness or would it have happened anyway?
 I dressed and prepared for another day of mixing cement and hauling bricks. The Colabs plant stood six feet tall with another four to go. The roofers would start delivering lumber and roof tiles soon.
 Before going downstairs, I crossed off yesterday from my calendar. But instead of putting my pencil away, I found myself tracing the X over and over. Then, as if possessed, filled with anger, I stabbed the small square on the calendar, again and again until the pencil point broke off. I wished yesterday had never happened.
 I took a deep breath, pushed it out of my mind and joined Mom and Pop in the kitchen. We ate breakfast, talked about the day ahead and acted like our world had never been altered by last night's events.
 Daily activities seemed the same but in the furthermost reaches of my mind I felt a compelling obligation. An imposed calling to be ever vigilant, watching for the slightest hint of irrational action or senseless rambling. I planned to tell the neighbors and ask for their help. I would assume the role of my mother's watchman.
 After we finished the morning meal, Pop checked our tools and loaded them into the car. We rolled down the driveway, turning west to Pottsville. The ride to work stirred up memories from last night, using the same road we found Mom wandering. What drove her to such lengths? A search for Aunt Cleona? Escape? Peace? I didn't know but I intended to find out.
 Pop and I pulled onto the grass field next to the Colabs plant, about thirty minutes early. A few bricklayers and apprentices arrived soon after and milled about. At seven, we started raising the scaffold for the final courses of cinder block. I hoped the walls would be finished soon, at least before school started.
 My father pointed toward the car, "Get my tools, boy, this block won't lay itself."
 "You sure about the leg, Pop? The doc said you should keep weight off it for another month. Besides, this scaffold sits awful high, you could get hurt if you fell off."
 "Just get the tools, boy. Let me worry about my leg."
 During my walk to the station-wagon, I saw Pop standing on the first rung then in slow motion, climb to the next and the next until he reached the top. My father took charge of organizing the area, lining up cinder blocks and checking scaffold boards.
 I brought his trowels and levels to the top and headed back down. As I started filling the cement mixer, I heard a familiar voice.
 "Hey, Speed. Let's get some mud up here."
 Squinting toward the top of the scaffold, the sun in my eyes, I saw Yeller working next to Pop.
 "How do you want it, Yeller? Firm or wet?"
 "Looks like a hot one today. Make it wet."
 "You got it."
                                                            ****
 The last two weeks in August passed much too soon. On my last day, a hot and humid Friday, one course of block remained. A crane started unloading steel beams from a flatbed truck, ready to set them as soon as the cement cured. I had hoped to be there when the roof went on but the following Monday, I'd be in school, a senior at Tamaqua High.
 At sun-up, I hustled back and forth from cement mixer to scaffold, moving mud and block. Morning gave way to noon and I joined our crew one final time, gathering in the shade of maple trees for lunch and local gossip. Apprentices, only a few years older, ribbed me about leaving a real job.
 The rest of the afternoon, I engrossed myself in labor but my mind raced, thinking about the direction of my life. Why couldn't I quit high school and become an apprentice? The crew respected me and it felt like I belonged. Why? Because Pop would never have allowed it. Yeah. I'd go back to school that year, because I had no choice but after graduation, I'd decide my own future.
 At four, I cleaned out the last of the cement and straightened up. In a few days, a new apprentice would take my place and I'd be sitting in a classroom. I looked around me, absorbing everything about that day, the building almost completed, bright blue sky overhead and lush green on the mountain range. Everything seemed in its proper place, in harmony, except for me. I felt like a transient, without roots, not belonging anywhere.
 Bricklayers and apprentices started coming down off the scaffolds packing up their tools and lunch boxes, getting ready to go home.
 As I waited for Pop, one of the apprentices walked over to me, "Hey Remke, good luck. Most of us wondered if you could tough it out for the summer but your old man said you wouldn't quit. Well, you proved him right and you worked just as hard as the rest of us."
 Before I had time to think about what he said, the apprentice shook my hand and headed toward his car. Then one by one the bricklayers came by and wished me well. Each had words of wisdom about life or surviving twelfth grade.
 As the crowd thinned out and cars started leaving, I saw Yeller coming down the scaffold, then hoist a bag of tools to his shoulder. He walked toward me with the tired gait of an old man.
 He dropped his tools, fidgeted for a moment, then asked, "So. You ready to head back to school?"
 "Yeah, I guess."
 "Well, if you ever want to talk, you know where to find me."
 "Thanks Yeller, that means a lot."
 "Okay, you take care of yourself."
 Yeller started to reach out his hand then gave me a bear hug. Just as quick, he grabbed his tools and walked toward the parking area.
 As I watched him drive off, I fought back tears and whispered to myself, "Goodbye Yeller."
 All the events in my life during the summer of 1959 had a great influence on how I viewed the world. Pop's leg seemed to be healing in spite of his pushing it to the limit. A strong friendship had been forged with Yeller because of our shared secret. Mom? I feared for her sanity and the disturbing story about Agnes upset me but I needed to know the rest. I hoped she'd have the chance to tell me.

Chapter 27
 Saturday morning arrived with the sun peeping over Sharpe Mountain and the smell of coffee waking me from a restless sleep. I struggled to get out of bed and find a clean pair of Levis. After several minutes, I wandered downstairs to find my mother tending the kitchen stove. She had water boiling in a tea kettle and bread toasting over hot coal embers.
 Rubbing my eyes, I mumbled, "Morning Mom."
 "Good morning, dear."
 "Pop out already?"
 "Yeah. He headed to the garden a while ago to tend some plants. Says he has a taste for rhubarb pie."
 I walked through the front door, followed a concrete pathway to the side and gazed out back. Somewhere between tomatoes and corn, Pop knelt on rich black soil, cutting stalks of the red fruit, then loading them into a wicker basket. He cultivated the ground around each plant before moving on to the next. My father seemed engrossed, inside the acre of bounty with everything from asparagus to zucchini. Without making noise, I walked back, careful not to disturb him.
 When I returned, I found Mom sitting near the kitchen table, dunking pieces of toast into a cup of what smelled like brown tea.
 "It looks like Pop will be out back most of the morning. Do you need help with the pies, Mom?"
 "No, but I'll bake one just for you, dear."
 "Thanks. I love fresh rhubarb from the garden."
 I grabbed the old coffee pot with a hot pad, poured a mug of brew and joined her. Strong morning sunlight poured through the kitchen window as I stirred sugar into my coffee and prepared to ask questions only she could answer. A wave of anxiety consumed me when I turned my chair to face her.
 "Mom, do you remember talking about your step-mother several weeks ago?"
 "Huh? No. Why would you say such a thing? I have no step-mother."
 Mom stared at me, appearing puzzled, struggling to respond.
 "My mother, Ida Mae Mosier Ridenbaugh birthed me in the summer of Nineteen Hundred. She gave me life and loved me. Do you understand, she loved me."
 In the time it took my body to recoil from her outburst, Mom pushed away from the table and walked to the garage. I thought she wanted to be alone, away from my prying question.
 Several minutes later, a loud horn sounded from the garage. I knew it had to be Pop's station-wagon. Over and over it blared. I ran to find Mom behind the steering wheel, bashing the horn with her fists.
 I pulled on the driver's door handle only to find it locked then tried the passenger's side, also secured. Panicked, I yelled and waved at Mom to stop. In the midst of my frantic efforts, I felt a hand on my shoulder. Pop walked past me to the front of the car, pulled the hood up and disconnected several wires.
 Silence, except for the rasp of my heavy breathing, saturated the air. My mother sat motionless, staring ahead, her bloodied hands on the wheel. I started to walk toward her side of the vehicle.
 "Just leave her alone. Can't do nothing until she comes out of it. You and I best head back to the kitchen."
 I felt helpless as I glanced at my mother one more time before leaving the garage.
 Pop demanded, "What the hell happened? She never went violent like this before."
 "Mom seemed so, normal. We sat around the table, just talking. Then I asked her about Agnes."
 "God damn it, boy. Didn't I tell you not to push your mother? Why do you think we never talked about Agnes before? She doesn't need you reminding her of the past."
 "I didn't force her. I only, well. Okay, okay, it'll never happen again."
 No explanation of good intentions could have made it right. I thought about Mom and my heart sank to depths I'd never felt before.
 "Listen boy, you be here when she comes out. Ya hear?"
 "What? You can't leave. She needs our help, right now."
 "You heard me. Stay here. I'll finish up in the garden and be back soon as I can."
 "What if Mom doesn't get better?"
 "Don't argue with me boy, she'll be okay."
 My father walked out and with reluctance, I started to clean up the kitchen. Every few minutes, I peered at the door to the garage, wondering how Pop could be so sure she'd recover.
 In an attempt to stay busy, I washed the morning's dishes, swept the floor and put more coal in the stove. Then I sat on the old wicker couch and waited. A constant tick-tock from the wall clock lulled me into a half sleep, half wake dimension where sub-conscious thoughts played tricks on my reality.
 Abrupt noises jarred me from my fuzzy world as I bolted up-right like a gazelle, head flitting back and forth. Mom stood at the sink, running water wide open, washing her hands. I rushed to her side then felt queasy, looking at my mother's raw, swollen knuckles.
 "Mom, Mom. What can I do?"
 She looked haggard with deep set, dark eyes.
 "My hands hurt. Did I fall down?"
 "Uh, yes, yes, you had an accident."
 I retrieved a tube of ointment from the medicine chest and lightly patted it on her hands.
 "I feel so tired, worn out to the bone. Please help me upstairs, dear."
 "Sure. Mom. You can hold on to me."
 She grabbed my arm and we walked up each step to her room. As my mother lay down, I found a quilt in the closet and covered her.
 "If you need me, I'll be downstairs."
 Before I left, she confided, "Tell your father I can't make the pies. Not today."
 "Soon as he comes in, Mom."
 She seemed to force a smile and then closed her eyes.
 I backed up to the door, trying to be quiet as possible and shut it behind me.
 Once downstairs, I looked for Pop in the bathroom and garage. Nowhere to be found. The garden? He still had to be there. I walked out back and saw him busy working the soil.
 "Hey Pop. You said you'd be right back. It's been over an hour. What happened?"
 "Couldn't come in until I sprayed the beans. Damn bugs chewed the hell out of these leaves."
 "You should have been there when Mom came out of the wagon. She seems drained, like the life has been sucked out of her. But this garden must be more important."
 Wiping sweat from his brow, he yapped, "Shut your god damn mouth, boy. I've been married to your mother for over thirty seven years and watched her get worse every year. From a frightened teenage that couldn't be alone to an adult who trusted no one."
 "But you left me, with Mom out-of-it and hurting herself."
 "Look. When we first married, I spent countless nights holding her until she fell asleep and smoothed over arguments with neighbors, who, your mother claimed, plotted against her. After leaving Cumberland, I couldn't take it any more. She'd have a spell and I'd nurse your mother until she recovered. Somewhere along the way, I realized, nothing helped but she always survived."
 "But you said Mom will only get worse. Where does it end?"
 "How the hell do I know? When she completely loses her mind and kills someone?"
 Pop seemed frustrated so I didn't want to ask any more questions. Feeling numb and depressed, I told him I'd be in the house. He went back to gardening. As I followed the path back, my mind raced, thinking about this strange bond that formed between us. And what about school on Monday? None of my friends knew about Mom and they never would.
 But someone did understand. My love, Reese. Once inside the house, I headed for the phone and cranked the handle.
 "Operator, I want the Arkov household on Mauch Chunk Street.
 After several long rings, I heard the sweetness of her voice.
 Reese? Can I come over? I need to see you."

Chapter 28
 Driving down the mountain with Tamaqua spread across the valley far below gave me time to think about Mom's craziness and Pop's inability to deal with it. I wanted to run far away from home, blend in with normal people and know peace. But guilt also consumed me. How could I leave when my family seemed to be festering like an old wound?
 Reese's two-story house sat on top of Mauch Chunk Street about four blocks from St. Joe's Church. I parallel parked on the narrow street in front, walked to the door and knocked. Soon, I heard footsteps and Reese appeared, wearing dungarees, white blouse and sneakers. Shoulder length, brown hair caressed her face. A vision of beauty, from petite nose to bewitching eyes.
 "Vance. Come here, you."
 She wrapped her arms around me and placed a kiss on my lips. I felt a rush of warmth across my face as I stepped back.
 "Reese, promise me you'll never change. You wear your feelings outside and I love you for it. I can't share the mixed up thoughts running through my head with anyone, except you.
 "Remember the first time we met? I'd just started Junior High down town and came to the malt shop for lunch. You hung out there with your girlfriends."
 "Yeah and you oozed of shyness, a farm boy from the valley. If I hadn't decided to pick on you, we never would have met."
 "Well, you reminded me of a spoiled kewpie doll. Always dressed up, hair never out of place and full of yourself. Without mercy, you teased me about being from the country."
 "Yet every noon you showed up at the Dairy Barn, ordered a chocolate milkshake to go with your bag lunch and stared across the counter at me."
 "I came because I knew you'd be there."
 "Did you like being tormented?"
 "No, I had a crush on you, even back then, only I didn't have the courage to say so."
 She reached out and put her hands on my shoulders.
 "You asked me out on a date several weeks later. Remember, farm boy?"
 "Yeah. You floored me, Reese."
 "Well, I can't believe it's been almost three years since we started going together."
 Her smile faded to a look of concern.
 "What happened at your house this morning? You sounded upset over the phone. Did you have another argument with your father?"
 "Well, sort of, but more. Listen, can we talk over lunch at the Five Point?"
 She grabbed my hand and pulled me close.
 "Sure. You know I care about your parents. The first time you brought me out to New England Valley to meet them, your Mom made such a fuss. She showed off her hand crochet doily collection, red tulips in a little flower garden out back and my favorite - your birth certificate, custom framed at Blatt's Framery in town.
 "Your Dad never said much though so I figured he didn't approve of me. When we first arrived, he seemed more interested in reading his newspaper. Things changed when we sat down to dinner though, your father and I started talking about high school and me being on the honor roll. Before we left, he actually smiled, thanked me for coming and hoped I'd visit again. I'll never forget."
 "He likes you, though he'd never say it out loud.
 "Hey, Reese. My watch says quarter to eleven. Let's head down to the diner before the lunch crowd."
 We jumped into my car and I peeled out, row houses whizzing by like smudged paint on a wall. Reese laughed as I indulged my sudden compulsion to speed down the biggest hill in Tamaqua. Adrenaline consumed every nerve ending. I mashed the gas pedal to the floor and watched the traffic light at the bottom turn red. It seemed to race at us like a freight train. Seconds ticked by while we passed the half way point.
 "Whoa. You pegged the speedometer, Vance. Slow down."
 "Just a little longer."
 Feeling free, like a bird, I didn't want to stop but certain destruction awaited us if I failed to make the signal. Hitting the brake hard, the car chattered as I watched the speedometer dive from 100 down to 70.
 Now, only several hundred feet separated us from traffic on the cross road. I grabbed the gear shift, pushed the clutch and rammed it into second. As the transmission engaged, a loud whine screamed all around us. The hood dipped and the speedometer charged toward zero within a few feet from the light.
 I smiled, then reached over to Reese, my heart racing, and kissed her hard and long until the sound of a horn bellowed behind me.
 She shook her head and looked at me like a disappointed mother, "Someday you won't be able to stop in time."
 "Maybe, but I can't help it. When I feel down, speed seems to kill the gloomy shadows inside."
 Reese snuggled up to me as I drove a reserved thirty five miles an hour for several blocks. I parked on Route 309, a one-way street running past Five Point and opened her door.
 "Come on, we'll have to hustle. It seems like everyone is in town this Saturday."
 Both of us ran across the busy intersection trying to avoid traffic. Once inside, we walked to the back, our favorite place, where a kiss could be stolen without incurring the wrath of a grouchy waitress.
 A pot belly man with greasy white pants, T shirt and cook's hat tossed some menus on our table.
 "Stella here will take your order."
 The woman smacked gum between her teeth as she reached for a pad in her apron.
 "What'll ya have, kids?"
 I asked Reese, "You want the usual burger?"
 She approved with a nod.
 "I'll have a cheese burger with ketchup. She'll have a burger with pickles and mustard. Also, two orders of fries and two chocolate milkshakes." I pulled a dollar from my pocket. "And some quarters for the Wurlitzer."
 Slugging the juke box, six for a quarter, I picked ballads like, Love Me Tender and True Love Ways."
 As we ate our meals to the background of romantic music, I confided in Reese all the disturbing events of the morning.
 "In two more days, I'll be off to school and Pop will head back to the Colabs job. Mom will be alone all day."
 "What about Mrs. Delk? She only lives a few houses away. Couldn't she drop in during the day for a few minutes?"
 "Yeah. My mother likes her. I think Mrs. Delk would be willing to check in on Mom."
 "Why don't you see her tomorrow and explain what happened. Then find out if she can start Monday. I'll go with if you want. And if it doesn't work out, we'll try something else."
 I smiled at this beautiful, caring girl in my life and would have surrendered my soul if she asked.
 "Okay. Yeah, I'd like you to come with me."
 We finished lunch and walked downtown, hand in hand, gazing through the store windows. The shops displayed jewelry, furniture, fall clothing, toys. Just past Hunter Street we stopped in front of the Bridal Boutique while Reese stared at the fancy dresses inside.
 After several moments, she smiled at me but not in the usual way. Her cheeks seemed bright red. Reese never blushed at anything except maybe the time her father caught us kissing on the front porch.
 I felt at a loss for words because wedding dresses might as well have been aliens. Struggling to say something, I blurted, "What?"
 She pointed to a white gown with sparkles from top to bottom and a tail that seemed at least five feet long.
 "Do you think I'd look pretty in that dress?"
 "Hell. You'd be the most gorgeous lass, this coal town has ever seen."
 Reese brushed a lock of hair from her face, took a deep breath and closed her eyes.
 "I've dreamed of what it might be like to throw the biggest wedding ever and walk down the aisle at St. Joes in a beautiful gown."
 "How come you never mentioned it before?"
 "Vance, you have so much to deal with, the time just never seemed right."
 "I don't understand."
 "We never seem to get past your parent's troubles long enough to talk about us. I love you but sometimes I wonder if we have a future."
 My heart skipped a beat as her words crashed into me like a twister through Kansas. I felt stunned by the pure truth of it. Problems, always my problems, heaped up like old baggage onto her shoulders. Never leaving my troubles on Sharpe Mountain long enough to share or understand her world.
 "How long have you felt like this, Reese?"
 "Since you returned from Cumberland and told me about your mother's illness."
 Thoughts buzzed around in my mind like a dog chasing its tail.
 Have I really changed since last year? Reese says so but I don't want to believe her. Why can't I feel it, sense it?
 I clenched my fists, determined to find some sort of balance between her needs and mine.
 "Don't give up on me. Someday I'll be the groom at the other end of that aisle. I mean to keep that promise, Reese Arkov."

Chapter 29
 I drove Reese back to her house then headed to the valley even though the thought of what I might find there, scared me. Pulling in the driveway, I noticed a blue 1939 Ford in front of the house. A vehicle I had seen somewhere before.
 Parking my car, I walked to the front door and heard a man's voice, although muffled it seemed familiar, a deep baritone like Orson Wells. My curiosity ended when I heard, Amen."
 I grimaced, knowing Pop had called the preacher, Brother Hawkins, from Lewistown Valley. Although my father embraced atheism and told the parson so in very clear terms, he'd call the old man, when Mom asked for him. This man of God looked like a vagrant from the mountains with long white hair and a grizzly beard. He wore farmer bib overalls and a red flannel shirt, even in the middle of summer.
 He worried me with his talk of fire, brimstone and salvation but if bible thumping could bring my mother some kind of solace, so be it.
 Entering the house, I found Mom and the preacher sitting at the kitchen table. Pop stood at the sink, cleaning rhubarb, cutting it into pieces then throwing the chunks into a large pot.
 My father stopped for a moment and inquired, "Where you been, boy?"
 "I drove into town to see Reese."
 "Yeah? Next time, bring her for a visit. Your mother would enjoy her company right about now."
 "I'll ask her."
 "Well, you know Brother Hawkins here. He'll be joining us for dinner."
 I glanced at him, afraid to say anything, lest he start preaching at me. Mom, looking pale, glassy eyed, held onto her dog eared, Old Testament handbook while the parson paged through a large bible sitting on the table in front of him.
 "Will you join us, son? Your mother and I have gathered in God's name to discuss the good book. The Apostle in Acts 28:8-9 says prayer will bring healing and cleanse the soul."
 I wanted to tell the preacher to leave me alone, that he should go back to the mountains and bother someone else. But I didn't. Instead I smiled and walked over to my mother. She gazed at me and I saw desperation.
 Sadness welled up inside me and my heart said stay, for Mom's sake, but I also thought of Reese. I wouldn't let myself drown in a tempest of emotion.
 "No Sir. I have to get ready for school on Monday but thank you for asking. Please, continue with your reading.
 "Mom, if you need me, I'll be upstairs."
 She gripped the handbook tight to her chest and nodded. A flick of my eyes to the right showed Pop with his back toward me. When it came to the bible thumper, he didn't much care what I did, as long as nothing interfered with Mom and her redeemer.
 I headed to my room and sorted through the dresser for a new looking pair of jeans and shirt. My clothes, worn and faded from many washings, filled most of the drawers. On a bottom shelf, I found two pair of virgin Levis, each the unblemished color of sky blue. Rummaging through my closet revealed several good hand-me-down cotton shirts in brown, blue and grey. Not much of a wardrobe but at least a start.
 Spread across an end table lie a stack of college brochures from places like Penn State, Pitt U, Lehigh University. I never had the motivation to look at them before. For the first time, I felt compelled to think about tomorrow. My future.
 Plopping down on the bed, I grabbed several catalogs and paged through, looking at the black and white pictures of students engaged in college life. It all seemed so far away from the little, rural community, I called home.
 Several hours later, the sound of someone traipsing up the stairs interrupted my reading. As I put away the brochures, Pop appeared at the doorway, a towel slung over his shoulder.
 "They finished. You best come down now. I need help cooking dinner while your mother talks with the parson."
 Jumping to my feet, I rubbed my eyes then peered at the stairway.
 "Do you think he can help Mom?"
 "I don't know, but for certain she believes in religion and God. Hell, just maybe, Brother Hawkins will give her whatever she needs to find a way back."
 We walked down to the kitchen where various pots and pans sat on the stove. I smelled the aroma of pot roast simmering while steam wafted from string beans and boiled potatoes.
 "I just drained the water off those spuds. Mash em up, boy. I'll handle the rest."
 Down on one knee, I poked around several kitchen drawers looking for the masher. After pulling out half the contents, I found it under the cake pans.
 Busy churning the taters, I watched the preacher and Mom, who now sat on the old wicker couch, talking back and forth. She seemed more animated, involved, than before while he appeared to be listening, hands folded together, eyes closed, nodding his head from time to time then responding.
 "Boy, scoop the spuds into this bowl and put em on the table."
 Pop slid a large white tureen in front of me then picked up the pot roast along with string beans and set them between plates on the table.
 My father interrupted, "Soon as you can break away, Brother Hawkins, we'll be serving dinner."
 Several minutes later, the preacher and Mom joined us. Before I could dig into the vittles, Brother Hawkins announced he'd say a prayer.
 "Lord, bless the food and family gathered around this table. Deliver Mrs. Remke from the power of Satan and the foul stench of his domain. Protect her soul from darkness. Make your light a shining beacon, so strong, all will know, this woman walks in the path of God. Amen."
 Pop, looking solemn, commended, "Thank you for those mighty fine words, reverend. Let's dig in."
 The table came alive with the passing of dishes and clinking of silverware. A strong taste of herbs from the garden permeated the pot roast while the green beans and taters needed salt. Pop set out two quart bottles of whole milk, delivered from Heisler's Dairy that morning.
 "You put on quite a meal, Mr. Remke. Where did you learn to cook?"
 "I led a bachelor's life back in 1910 during my apprenticeship in Palm. You can't eat out every day so you pick it up."
 For most of dinner the kitchen filled with the light banter of community gossip, politics and the weather. When the conversation ran dry, the preacher started treading on old ground. He failed so many times to win the battle of God against Atheism, yet he never gave up and neither did Pop.
 "Mrs. Remke needs the healing support of faith from her loved ones. If you accept God now, she will have a better chance to rally."
 "Reverend, I respect what you do for Bernice but save the lecture for your flock. You haven't heard me trying to convert you to Atheism."
 "But what about your soul, Mr. Remke? Don't you want to enter the kingdom of heaven with your wife?"
 "Listen Padre, you should worry more about meeting the test of your own faith. I can die with a smile and at peace because I've always lived true to my beliefs. Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to start cleaning dishes."
 I grabbed my plate and followed Pop to the sink, trying to stay busy cleaning up so Brother Hawkins wouldn't take his soul saving out on me. He helped Mom up from the table and walked with her, back to the couch but didn't sit down. Instead he grabbed his jacket, talked with my mother for a few minutes then stepped toward Pop.
 "Thank you for the delicious supper, Mr. Remke. I have a sermon to prepare for tomorrow so I must get back. By the way, for the record, you represent one of my greatest challenges."
 "Likewise, Brother Hawkins. Glad you enjoyed dinner. The Mrs. always looks forward to your visits."

Chapter 30
 I washed a sink full of dishes while Mom sat on the couch reading her bible. Pop emptied half a bag of sugar over the pot of rhubarb before setting it on the stove to simmer. Later, we finished the evening watching Bonanza and Milton Berle. It seemed so peaceful, the three of us in the same room enjoying television even as I fought off a sense of impending mayhem.
 Around nine, Mom trudged upstairs to her room while Pop stayed long enough to see the news. He refrigerated the pot of rhubarb before calling it a night and I watched wrestling for an hour then turned in.
 Exhausted, I welcomed sleep as an escape from all the events of that day. However, when I dozed off, dreams, horrible visions of being eaten alive by shadowy, vicious beings, consumed me. Thrashing about in a grey mist, I tried to scream, watching the flesh from my body being ripped away.
 Bolting upright and gasping for breath, I felt sweat all over my body. Reaching for the light, I squinted at the alarm clock.
 "Damn. Only a little after midnight."
 Too upset for sleep, I walked on tip toe in the dark, down to the kitchen for a glass of milk. Opening the refrigerator door, I heard something moving behind me.
 "You can't sleep either?"
 I found Mom sitting in the old rocking chair, her raw hands perched on the armrests.
 "What? Yeah. I had a night-mare and couldn't get back to sleep. How about you?"
 "I've been thinking about what happened yesterday morning, dear."
 I poured a glass of cold milk and sat next to her on the foot stool.
 "Do you recollect what took place after breakfast, Mom?"
 "Yes. I remember everything. You asked about Agnes and I flew off the handle. Sorry, you didn't deserve that. I'll try to reveal everything you want to know.
 "After Walter and I married, we moved into the first floor room of Agnes' boarding house. Life seemed better for a while. I found work at the knitting mill and your father continued to lay brick for the new prison.
 "At night I helped Agnes in the kitchen. I didn't want any part of her boarding house. But your grandfather, Harry, couldn't stand on his artificial leg anymore. At least not for long periods.
 "He used to prepare food and wash dishes for all the meals but his strength left him. No longer a railroad man, dad lost the will to fight. He sat in the living room by the front window. Invisible. I tried to help him but he just gave up.
 "Before your grandfather lost his leg to a boxcar, he raised Gene, Cleona and me, as best he could. When he married Agnes, she tended us along with her bastard child, Georgia.
 "Georgia's father, an alcoholic, spent most of his days at Murphy's Bar in the Irish quarter. He died from psoriasis of the liver and ended up buried by the side of the road near Siler's farm outside Cumberland. His fair weather friends wouldn't even take the time to bury him in potter's field.
 "She had two skills, running a boarding house and manipulating people for her own twisted purposes. Agnes used both to influence your father. She'd wait until Walter took a smoke on the back porch after supper and then joined him to work her evil. Agnes knew I hated cigarette smoke and wouldn't interfere with their little twosome.
 "I tolerated it for a while but my suspicions waved red flags when Walter started talking about considering an investment in the boarding house. He knew how I felt about anything to do with Agnes and her damn house so we argued about it all the time.
 "One night after supper, instead of starting dishes, I crawled on the floor, from our kitchen to the back door. Down on all fours, I pressed my ear to the wall and struggled to understand their voices, reduced to little more than mumbling.
 "I heard the shrew going on and on about raising room rents, kicking out tenants who couldn't pay, hiring a cook. She talked a great story but I knew better. Cumberland attracted poor people from the mountains who came looking for menial jobs. You had to go all the way to Baltimore for professionals with real money to spend.
 "They started to come in so I scurried to the sink and made noise, pretending to be in the middle of work. Your father walked toward the living room. I imagine he joined the rest of the boarders listening to the radio. Agnes stopped in the kitchen for a moment with an arrogant smirk on her face. She didn't know that I aimed to take it off, some day."
 "Mom, why didn't you and Pop just leave?"
 "In the beginning, I wanted to but then it turned into a personal vendetta. All my life, she offended me in every way possible. But when Agnes inserted herself amidst your father and me, I filled with anger beyond comprehension and prayed for the strength to commit murder.
 "My daydreams ran over and over like a film, as I wrapped my hands tight around her throat and squeezed with every muscle in my body. Her smirk replaced by shock, I could see the life drain from those evil eyes and feel her body go limp. In my mind, Agnes' fate had been chosen, and I welcomed my role as her executioner.
 "Your father never knew I eavesdropped on their private conversation. Our relationship had rubbed itself raw because he couldn't see through Agnes' veneer of sweet ooze to the foul ogress underneath. I lived in a world of compromise, holding a rising tide of rage at bay and being a dutiful wife.
 "Several weeks later, after a long day of weaving cotton at the mill, I came home to find several men installing a new gas heater in the basement. Cornering one of the installers, I asked who ordered the equipment. A sense of dread ran through me when he explained that Agnes paid cash for it. She always complained that the boarding house never made a profit. Deep down, I knew, your father ignored my pleas to stay away from her schemes. He had taken sides with my enemy."
 "Why would he do such a thing after you warned him about that despicable woman?"
 "At the time, I didn't care about answers, only a showdown. My emotions at the boiling point, I waited in our room, pacing back and forth like a caged animal until he came home. When Walter appeared at the door, I screamed at him and threw a book, striking his face. I punched him over and over until he grabbed my wrists then I kicked his shins. He yelled for an explanation and I screeched curses back.
 "A loud banging on the door interrupted our fight as voices in the hall demanded an explanation for the noise. Deadlocked, your father threw me backward, sending my body to the floor. He walked out, leaving me to face the boarders. I explained that we had an argument but it ended and everyone could go back to their own business. Soon afterward, I crawled into bed and cried myself to sleep.
 "The next morning, I dressed for work then looked for your father in the living room. I thought he might have slept on one of the couches but couldn't find him anywhere. Agnes sat in the kitchen, drinking coffee and chain smoking cigarettes. I bit my tongue and asked if she knew where Walter had gone. I figured she already knew about the fight but not why.
 "Agnes tried to upset me by saying my marriage failed. I ignored every word coming out of her mouth and started to leave. Before reaching the door, she told me he left for good because I had the smell of weakness, just like my dad. Refusing to show even the slightest reaction to her verbal bile, I turned around and walked to within inches of her face.
 "Fueled by hot, white coals of hate, I reached out and pinched the meaty part of her arm and told the hag to stay away from my husband. Looking annoyed, she pulled away from my clamped fingers, saying they had a business arrangement and I couldn't do anything about it. Poker faced, I warned Agnes that Walter would not tolerate her conniving for long.
 "As I stood there, staring at her, all I could think about was the milk white skin covering her Adam's apple and how easily it might be crushed. But not now, I whispered to myself."
"Mom? My whole life, you've never hurt anyone. I can't believe you could just, kill her."
 "Her death became a consuming obsession. However, finding your father and talking to him presented a much larger challenge. I called the mill from a phone in the lobby and told them not to expect me. Walter never missed work so I knew he'd show up there.
 "Blisters formed on the heels of my feet, walking seven miles from Laing Street to the prison. Few women drove cars back then so I had no choice. I reached the front gate around nine and asked the guard to see my husband. He gave me an escort to the far end of the property and pointed at an empty shell of a building devoid of windows and bars.
 "I waited while the escort went inside to find him. Several minutes later your father appeared, dressed in the same clothes he wore the previous day. When I saw his lip, red and swollen, I felt so bad, knowing my book throwing must have caused it.
 "Tears rolled down my face as I reached out to touch him. At first he stared at the ground then his eyes met mine. I wanted to say so much, explain my violent actions and beg his forgiveness. All that came out of my trembling lips sounded like a feeble attempt to ask if we could talk.
 "Your father told me everything about their bargain. In exchange for fifty percent ownership, he'd finance improvements in the boarding house. I shuddered, listening to him talk about the pact. A good investment, he called it.
 "I asked if he put their understanding in writing. He reached for his wallet and pulled out a folded piece of paper. As soon as he opened it, I recognized Agnes' scribbled handwriting. Without a doubt, Walter had signed a contract with the devil."
 Mom stopped talking and heaved a long sigh. I stood up and stretched, staring at the wall clock. It showed quarter after one and except for several lights on the horizon through the kitchen window, the world outside remained pitch black. My glass empty, I refilled the milk and pushed my footstool closer.
 "In spite of everything you told him about Agnes, why would Pop go through with such a venture?"
 "He had an urge that drove him to take risks. At first I thought your father hurt me on purpose but later found he couldn't control it. Long before you came into this world, Walter had started a chicken ranch and even manufactured socks during the late '20s. In the '30s, he formed a construction company that built homes. The boarding house became the first of his many obsessions.
 "We made up that morning but had an uneasy relationship over the days that followed. Although he shared the details of their agreement, how could I ever trust him again? I wanted to be involved with every improvement planned for the boarding house. The projects worried me because they seemed to cost a lot and included new carpeting, painted walls, more lighting and a new menu every week.
 "As for Agnes, on a chilly October morning in her basement office, I put the shrew on notice. I dealt myself in as part of the arrangement. No more kitchen duty and a say in all the upgrades.
 "She tried to intimidate me, sitting there with her arms folded and a repugnant look on her face. Her brown hair, pulled back tight, sat in a bun perched on top like a school nanny. Although she stood taller than me, I thought of how her thin, wiry body would surrender itself when I collected my due.
 "I chuckled to myself how this woman kept me in the grip of fear for most of my life. She hadn't changed over the years, still mean, petty and dangerous. At that point, I represented little more than an aggravation to her. No doubt, she wouldn't hesitate to turn Walter against me or worse, if I threatened to derail her scheme. But I didn't care anymore.
 "We stared at each other, looking for any sign of weakness. The only thought consuming me, remained the fact she had crossed the line, involving my husband. Agnes never acknowledged the declaration of my intent to be her watchdog. However, she threatened me, saying my dad might not be able to keep up his medicine if the improvements fell through. So, the game had begun, Agnes and I locked in a battle of wits with Walter and my dad as pawns.
 "The next few weeks turned into an unending string of hard days at the mill followed by afternoons confronting an array of installers, painters and a short-order cook. Although Agnes had full rein over those people during the day, I made sure everyone knew my husband paid their wages."
 As I listened to Mom recount those grim events, I saw anger, no, more like matter-of-fact conviction, spread across her face. Pride filled me. Despite her mental illness, she survived a terrible life filled with fear and hate. I needed to know everything, no matter the outcome.
 "Weeks slipped by and one by one, the workers completed their tasks. The boarding house had never looked so new and clean. Soon after, Agnes raised rents by fifty cents a month. Enough to make a nice profit but not so high it would drive the tenants away. The boarders groused at first but in the end, paid up.
 "With the boarding house starting to return our investment, December became a wonderful time, buying presents for Christmas and spending many hours visiting my sister Cleona nearby. I let myself get caught up in the rush of excitement; believing everything had worked out for the best.
 "After the holidays, when alone, disturbing thoughts rippled through the wake of my mind. I felt Agnes slithering in the shadows like a viper, waiting to ruin everything. Day and night, a sense of danger stabbed at my last shred of happiness, destroying it.
 "Although I struggled with the demons in my head, life went on. The winter of '22 pounded Cumberland with one snow storm after another. During the bad weather, most bricklayers filed for unemployment but your father had the good fortune to work inside. All the cell walls of the prison lie six inches thick, set with reinforced brick and the new wing had hundreds of them.
 "Bitter cold held the town captive almost until the end of March but the boarding house stayed warm because of Walter's investment in the new gas heater. God, I hated that furnace because it bound us to Agnes.
 "Spring came late in April with trees budding and grass standing tall on the lawns of houses bordering the entire distance of Laing Street.
 "The payments from our investment came on the first of every month, without fail, creating some doubt about my skepticism. But everything changed one evening when a boarder complained about his rent being raised twice in six months. I felt no surprise. Without a doubt, Agnes had surrendered to her greed, thinking we would never find out. My feelings had been vindicated but offered little satisfaction. I felt compelled to break into her office and find out if she took advantage of any others.
 "Finding a hammer and chisel from your father's tools, I broke the knob off her door and pushed it open. Light from the hallway streamed into her work space as I reached for a pull chain. The clicking sound of a light switch accompanied the harsh glare from a ceiling bulb over her desk.
 "The work table had four drawers but only one with a lock. I rammed a chisel behind the catch and hit it hard, sending splinters everywhere. My heart raced, hoping no one heard the noise. As I pulled on the compartment, stacks of dollar bills fell to the floor. I kneeled down and started to pick them up when something hit my head. Then nothingness."
 Without warning, silence filled the room. Mom's eyes welled up with tears. She seemed so sad that I reached out and hugged her. We just sat there, listening to the ticking of the wall clock.
 "Mom, you don't have to talk about it anymore."
 "No, dear. I must tell you. You should know and I need to be free of this heavy burden.
 "I awoke, on my back, feeling cold and my head throbbed. At first it seemed like a hallucination until I tried to move my legs. Struggling to sit up, I looked around and discovered loose soil covered me from the waist down. Then panic invaded, as my eyes adjusted to the dark. I lay in a shallow pit, inside a root cellar, at the far end of the basement.
 "Swallowing the urge to scream, I started to work free while scraping sounds echoed from a corner of the vault. Then, for a moment, silence, followed by a shuffling of feet toward me. I lay flat with my eyes closed, praying for God to protect me. A spray of rock and dirt hit my stomach while I held my breath.
 "As the sound of walking, moved away, I squinted long enough to see the back of a thin woman with brown hair. Agnes, dressed in her night gown, carried a spade to the back of the room. She scooped at the dirt floor and headed back toward me.
 "Adrenaline rushed through my body as each second ticked by, listening to her approach. Sensing when she poised to throw the black grit, I opened my eyes, reached up and grabbed the metal spade.
 "Agnes froze, long enough for me to wretch the shovel from her hands. I swung the handle in a long arc smashing into her knee. She fell like a handful of pick-up sticks.
 "I fought to pull myself from the musty earth as Agnes reached out for the shovel. I slammed my fist into her mouth, sending saliva and blood everywhere.
 "She lurched backward, rolling on her side. I stood up and walked toward Agnes, cautious of the evil laying in front of me. Pulling her over, I looked for a sign of life. Nothing, or so I thought.
 "Before I could react, she clutched my hair, pulling me down on top of her. Agnes threw a handful of dirt at my face and while I tried to clear my eyes, she hit me, breaking my nose. Even though she seemed like a hazy blur, I saw well enough to bite her hand. She emitted a guttural cry of pain, clutching her fingers and giving me time to get on my feet.
 "The furnace room had tools, something I could use to defend myself. I limped to the doorway, looking behind long enough to see Agnes struggling to get up."
 Mom's voice trailed off and her eyes closed. I felt relieved to see my mother fall asleep after recounting such violence. The time approached two as I wrapped a quilt around her. Huddling next to the rocking chair, I also claimed sanctuary from the world.
                                                            ****
 My slumber came to an end with a constant nudging at my shoulder.
 "Vance. Wake up, dear. I brewed a pot of coffee."
 Mom shoved a steaming mug of java into my hand. I stretched my legs and arms, trying to shake the fog from my head.
 "How long have I been asleep, Mom?"
 "About an hour."
 "Did you make it to the furnace room?"
 "Yes. A small bulb provided the only light as I plowed into an array of garden rakes, hoes and hand-trimmers. A clamor of noise rang through the cellar as I thrashed about. In an instant, I gripped a metal fence post then held my breath as someone moved behind me.
 "Agnes swung her shovel at my head, but missed, hitting a gas pipe instead. A rush of noxious gas filled the room, catching her off guard. I ran headlong into the unholy woman, knocking her to the ground. Raising the metal post high over my head, I imagined the feel of her skull crushing under the force of my swing.
 "Looking down at her face, I saw stark fear. I commanded all the forces of heaven and hell to sentence her to death by my hand. With arm muscles so taut they ached, I slammed the rod down.
 "I couldn't kill her. The pole rested inches from her head. All my dreams of revenge, unfulfilled.
 "Seconds later, I felt a burning in my lungs and struggled with every breath to stay conscious and keep my balance. The gas. Propane hung heavy in the air. If it reached the first floor, the pilot light in the kitchen stove would unleash the force of a thousand sticks of dynamite.
 "Agnes struggled to get up and managed to walk a few steps toward the door, clutching at her mouth. My only thought at that moment centered on the safety of the boarders. Fear pitted me in a race against time. I had to wake everyone and get them out of the house.
 "Somehow, I found the strength to get up the basement stairs, taking only a second to glance back and witness Agnes not far behind.
 "I screamed to get out while running through the hallways and banging on doors. Lights turned on. My Dad and other boarders came into the vestibule. I kept yelling until I reached our room. Pulling the covers off Walter, I shook, pinched and slapped your father until he woke up.
 "Wearing only his night clothes, he followed me to the front door where the foul smell of propane had already started to accumulate. Seconds, we only had seconds to get down the front porch. We never made it. I remember hearing a powerful, hollow sound. As if the world had burst into millions of pieces.
 "The force of the blast threw us onto the front lawn, rolling, bouncing through the grass and into our tulip bed. Several boarders helped us to our feet as we checked for broken arms or legs. Everything seemed okay except some minor burns and bruises. In the panic, I also forgot about dad, not knowing if he made it out.
 "Agnes' two-story, prairie house, lay in a smoldering heap in the middle of the lot. Chunks of roof, wall, window frame, even chimney sat there like some odd, violent, mural.
 "The wailing of sirens and bright lights coming down our avenue consumed my attention. Several huge, thundering, fire trucks with hordes of firemen soon covered the area, pulling up bits of debris, listening for anyone still alive.
 "Walter and I yelled into the crowd, looking for my dad, hoping he escaped in time. Pushing through the on-lookers, we found him sitting on the curb, without his artificial leg. He must have crawled on hands and knees, down the porch and out to the street. I hugged him, relieved, until he asked about Agnes.
 "Without warning, all the horrible events of the previous hours came back. Then it dawned on me, no one had the slightest inkling what occurred in our basement. I explained everything to your father including the fact Agnes may not have made it out alive.
 "The night passed like a slow cargo ship through the locks of Panama until the morning sun found its way to Laing Street. Heavy machinery equipped with thick gripping claws removed debris and loaded it on a truck. When they found a body, everyone stopped while medical attendants brought the poor soul from the wreckage. I demanded to look at the corpse and recognized the kind old gentleman from 2B, upstairs.
 "Later, your father and I, covered with blankets, sat on the running board of his 1921 Ford. We waited for Agnes. Since no one had seen her since the explosion, we assumed her body had to be in there, somewhere. Just before nine, we heard workmen yelling. Someone had been found alive. I prayed it would not be her.
 "We ran to the stretcher and tried to recognize a face covered in black silt. The figure, not even human looking, had no hair, burned to the scalp. I couldn't even look at it much less know if Agnes possessed that decimated carcass.
 "To my surprise, it struggled to speak. Not able to understand the inaudible ramblings, I leaned over and held my ear next to its mouth. Ripples of anger, repulsion and closure ran through my mind as I listened to Agnes' feeble threat to kill me.
 "Without hesitation, I grated back that she would soon wish she had died in the explosion. And that her days of killing anyone have come to an end.
 "I sneered at the place where her face used to be, spit in its eye and walked away, never looking back.
 "Walter nodded to the attendants and they took her to an awaiting van. I never saw Agnes again, except in my mind.
 "My sister, Cleona, took us in until the police and fire department examined the site. Poor, loyal dad stayed by Agnes' side at the hospital, even after they charged her with attempted murder.
 "How odd, she tried to kill me and in the process, blew up the house. Too bad, but she would never see the inside of a court room. No, Agnes didn't die but the woman's severe burns left her a crippled shell.
 "Days after the explosion, neighbors found dollar bills in their shrubs, trees, everywhere. We managed to salvage some pictures and an old brass clock. Everything else burned in the explosion. It didn't matter though, because something beautiful came out of all the ugliness. I carried a new life inside me, your brother Buck.
 "Your father and I wanted a fresh start for our baby, somewhere far away from Cumberland. Walter decided on his boy-hood town, Schnecksville, about sixty miles north of Philadelphia.
 "On a hot day in July, we packed a few possessions into the Ford, said our goodbyes to Aunt Cleona and dad then headed out of town. Traveling down Laing Avenue, one last time, I cried as we passed empty lot 306 with burnt grass, deep tire marks from all the fire equipment and exposed basement, sitting there like an open sore. After all the years of cruelty I endured at the hands of Agnes, God saw fit to return the same to her.
 "You know the rest, dear."
 I looked out the window at the orange glow of morning sun creeping over Sharpe Mountain and noticed the time on our kitchen clock, approaching five.
 Mom spent most of the night talking about a way of life which could have driven anyone mad. I no longer felt sorrow for her. She had the determination to survive the horrors of that fateful night. The woman sitting next to me on the old rocking chair became more than my mother. She fought with courage, like a warrior, and beat Agnes in every way possible.

Chapter 31
 Sunday morning, I felt so tired but wouldn't let myself sleep. So many things to do. Pick up Reese at eight and see Mom's friend, Mrs. Delk. Prepare for school on Monday and visit with the Michek family. I hoped Kooba and I could mine coal at least until the snows set in. His daughter remained a sore spot but it didn't matter. I planned to deal with her when and if the time came.
 We heard Pop stirring upstairs so Mom pulled eggs from the refrigerator and started frying potatoes for breakfast while I headed to the shower. As the hot spray washed over me, I reflected on my newfound knowledge.
 Nothing about our family had changed but now I understood. The two people who brought me into this world each carried the weight of having lived through an apocalypse. Gut wrenching, fight or die stuff. My thoughts of them seemed so different on that clear September day. I clenched my teeth and resolved to get on with the things important to me. Like they would.
 As I slipped out of the shower, Mom yelled, "How many eggs, dear?"
 "Just a couple, scrambled. Nothing else."
 I ate breakfast when Pop came downstairs but finished in double time, so I could get to Tamaqua and pick up Reese.
 The sky spread blue from the valley and beyond as I drove to town. Pulling up to the Arkov house, I knocked on the door and waited by the front porch as the Mrs. yelled for Reese. Her mother, dressed in a knee length, black skirt and starched white blouse, always looked so formal. It made me uncomfortable. Even more so, when she started asking questions. 
 "So Vance, what do you think about the new school season?"
 "Well, I hope for a better year. Last session, one of my friends died and another killed his father. I've given up trying to make sense why those things happen. I just want to have fun and graduate."
 "You know, Reese won't finish for two more years. What do you plan to do after high school?"
 "I don't know. It seemed clear last fall. My father expects me to enlist in the service to get GI benefits. But now, going straight to college looks better even though my Pop would have a fit."
 About the time Mrs. Arkov started to ask another question, Reese swung the screen door open and stepped toward me. She put her arm on my shoulder and hugged me briefly. All the while, her mother looked us over, serious, but never offered a word.
 We said goodbye and climbed into my car. As I started the engine, an aroma of intoxicating perfume invaded my nostrils.
 "You smell good this morning, Reese."
 "Thanks. I wore it just for you, valley boy."
 Grabbing the gear shift, I pulled into first and headed down the hill. With Reese snuggling up to me, I put my arm around her and drove back to the valley. Turning left onto the frontage road just past Albert and Emma Johnson's place, I parked in a clearing near the Delk house. After walking down a dusty path, I knocked on her old, weathered, screen door. Reese stayed close, holding my hand.
 The door opened slow, rubbing against a warped board on the porch floor. Mrs. Delk appeared, wearing a bathrobe and looking sleepy until she saw me.
 "Good Morning, Ma'am."
 "Vance Remke, what brings you and the pretty girl here on a Sunday?"
 "Mrs. Delk, meet my girlfriend, Reese. We came to talk about my Mom."
 She nodded and ushered us into her living room, a small but clean place with white walls and uneven plank floor. A black and white television sat in one corner with a worn brown couch and recliner near the door.
 "Make yourself at ease while I fix up some mint tea."
 Mrs. Delk disappeared into another room where the sounds of metal and china clinking together overwhelmed any silence.
 We sat on the couch and looked at pictures hanging from her wall. Old shots of bearded men and stern looking women, frozen in time.
 The frail woman emerged, carrying three cups of tea. I lurched forward and grabbed two of them. She sat on the recliner and pulled several small bags out of her pocket and put them on the end table next to us.
 "Help yourself to the sugar, kids. Sorry, but I ran out of fresh milk."
 "Sugar will be fine, Ma'am. I noticed the stills on the wall, over by the television. They look like prints from the 1900s."
 She walked to the black framed pictures and straightened one, then stepped back, gazing at them with a look of warmth across her face.
 "Yeah. 1907 to be exact. They remind me I had a family once. My mother passed from old age, brother died in World War I, and lost a sister in childbirth at Coaldale Hospital. I have my husband yet. He works for the railroad on the Baltimore run.
 "I miss my father the most. He hanged himself at our farm out in the valley. My sister found him swinging from the barn rafters in the winter of 1920. My mother said he languished for several years, depressed over my brother's death in the war. I don't remember much. I couldn't have been more than five or six.
 "But enough about me. Has something bad happened to your Mama? You wouldn't be here otherwise. What did he do to her?"
 "This has nothing to do with my Pop. I came to ask for your help. Mom has been unsettled, long as I can remember. For years, just little things. Now, she wanders off and even injured herself last week while having a spell.
 "I start school on Monday and Pop will be working at the Pennfield Industrial Park until winter sets in. She rambles around our house all day without a soul to talk with. If you could visit with Mom once in a while during the week to check on her, I'd be at your service."
 Mrs. Delk looked at me with tired, old eyes.
 "I always felt this day would come, Vance."
 Tears rolled down her wrinkled face as she reached out and grabbed my hand.
 "Over the last twenty years, your Mama told me lots of stories. Some crazy, some not, about your Papa, neighbors and strangers. Most of the time, she considered everyone her enemy. Except you, your brothers and me. I never judged her, even when she rambled on about people trying to kill her. I must admit though, she scared the Hades out of me. Someday, I expected to read about her murder in the newspaper. Listen, your Mama needed someone to talk with and we enjoyed each others company."
 "I didn't know, Ma'am. Mom never talked about her visits. Thank you for being a good friend."
 "Well, we've been close since before you came into this world. I don't think anyone can help what ails your Mama but tell her to expect me in the mornings for a bit, after my husband leaves for work."
 Mrs. Delk reached into her pocket and pulled out a red flannel handkerchief. This kind lady dabbed at her eyes while I fought to control my own feelings. Sadness choked at my throat and knotted my stomach. Reese nuzzled her head against my arm and wiped at her cheeks.
 "How can I ever repay you, Ma'am?"
 "Just take care of your mother. She would do anything in the world for you."
 I nodded in agreement then stood up, feeling we had bothered her enough.
 "We should go now. Thanks for the tea."
 Reese and I headed for the door with Mrs. Delk behind us.
 As we walked onto the porch, I hugged the old woman and whispered, "God bless you, ma'am."

Chapter 32
 A fragile sense of triumph prevailed on the drive back to Tamaqua. Mom now had someone to look in on her. I just hoped it would be enough.
 But in the end, my thoughts pulled me to Mr. Michek and Pop. My father didn't approve of Kooba, unskilled, without a trade or union. Yet I intended to visit him one last time to discuss working in a black hole under St. Mary's Mountain.
 Bootlegging tugged at me like an addiction. I felt part of an exclusive club, knowing only a few would risk their lives just for independence, beholding to no one.
 "Reese, I'll see you tomorrow at school. Okay?" This afternoon I want to visit Mr. Michek about working the Tuscarora mine.
 "Please, not again. Haven't you had enough of that filthy work? You need to focus on school not some stupid job."
 "We've gone through this before. I don't know how to do anything else except maybe sling cement. One more season, then I'll call it quits."
 "Just shut up and drive me home."
 Reese didn't speak a word on the way back. When we arrived, she opened the car door and started to get out.
 "Wait a minute. Can we at least talk about it?"
 "No. No. You do whatever you want."
 She walked toward her house, never looking back. I sensed something very wrong. Reese had never been so upset before.
 Running after her, I yelled, "What the hell do you want from me?"
 With tears in her eyes, she wailed, "Everything about you fills me with pain. I need time to think, about us."
 I reached out to her but she backed up and shook her head, rebuffing any further discussion.
 "Just leave me alone."
 She stepped to the porch stairs and disappeared behind the front door.
 Numb with denial, I pulled myself together and headed to Lewistown Valley. I couldn't stop thinking about Reese, trying to understand what had just happened. Our relationship felt like a handful of sand sifting through my fingers. Helpless to stop it.
                                                            ****
 Warm air rushed through the car's wing window and flapped against my face as I pulled into Kooba's driveway. The farmhouse seemed deserted without his truck parked on the side and his youngest daughters running out to greet me.
 I debated whether to knock on the door or leave. Except for the prospect of confronting Anna, I wanted to see if anyone remained in the house.
 The sting of my argument with Reese, still fresh, pushed me to get out of the car. Knocking produced silence in return. As I started to leave, the sound of a motor hummed somewhere behind the house.
 Walking through high grass to the back yard, I found Kooba loading apples into a cider press. The smell of fresh Mackintosh squeezing filled the air. After finishing the batch, he turned off the machine and wiped his hands.
 He dressed in farmer overalls, flannel shirt and an old straw hat. Not the coal dust smeared clothes I remembered from last spring.
 "Good Morning, Kooba. I tried the front door but no one seems to be home."
 "Morning, Vance. Yeah. Sent the family off to church and breakfast at the Hometown Diner. It gives me a chance to make some Jack and talk with God right here, surrounded by his mountains.
 I felt self conscious, embarrassed by his words. Pop cursed Sunday as unholy. A day for the weak and confused. But I've learned to bury those thorny feelings and smooth them over with zombie, glaze-eyed nothingness.
 "You need to go back up there, into those mountains. Don't you, Vance? My family doesn't understand how the calling drives someone. But I know."
 His words struck me like a bolt of lightning. Reese just doesn't get it. My feelings, still chaffed and bruised, now turned to anger. I'll do what pleases me, not her.
 "Yea, Kooba. I want to mine some coal this fall. Do you?"
 "A part of me says yes but since last year I've had a bad feeling. Nothing ever bothered this old bootlegger before. I just can't shake it."
 "You don't want to work the mine anymore?"
 "Not so. I have to go back in spite of my gut acting up. We'll need some time to check the equipment. Two weeks okay?"
 "Yeah. I've don't have any obligations. Not anymore."
 One last time, Kooba and I shook hands, sealing our agreement to dig coal and sell it on the streets of Tamaqua.
 I faced the balance of the day fighting off a sense of emptiness. My world felt dead, flat, without Reese. And even though I wanted to see her, to reason things out, I had to concentrate on school.
 The early morning light of Monday found me dressed and sipping coffee at the kitchen table. Pop headed to Pottsville about an hour earlier and Mom started laundry. Anxiety filled me on this first day of school, something I had felt before, yet different, changed from last year.
 Waiting until the last possible moment, I satisfied my need to know Mom would be okay then headed to town.
 Instead of driving past all the students in front of school, I found a parking place several blocks away and pushed through the crowded entrance. Once inside, I searched the hallway for Reese but never found her. Walking upstairs seemed strange, it took three years to reach the top floor. Now my time had arrived.
 I pushed through a sea of classmates passing me down the hall. Some familiar, others not. Reaching home room, door 214, fellow students stood just inside, joking with some girls. But silence reigned when they saw me.
 "Hey, Vance. Anna Michek came through here looking for you. She seemed angry."
 "Yeah? It doesn't surprise me since we sort of have this bond. She hates me and I don't give a damn. Her father and I plan to work the St Mary's mine and the whole thing just doesn't agree with her."
 The first morning bell rang and I pushed any thought of Anna out of my consciousness. The day filled with excitement, experiencing new teachers and subjects. I refreshed old friendships, forged new ones and during lunch, looked for Reese. One of her girlfriends snitched that she had been avoiding me. I felt angry but didn't show it because she couldn't evade me forever.
 As the afternoon came to a close, I headed through the back alleys to my car. Turning the corner at Base Street, I saw some one sitting on the fender. A teenage girl, thin with black hair, wearing tight denim pants and a plain sleeveless blouse.
 I didn't have to see her mug to know who violated my space. Anna, of course. A reckoning had to happen some time so it might as well be now. She leaned back on one elbow, puffed on a cigarette then slid to the ground. She sauntered several steps toward me, took a long drag then blew smoke at me. My patience, grated thin, had come to an end.
 "You want to stay off my property."
 "Hmmph. You mean the junker behind me."
 She started to take another puff but never finished. I grabbed her wrist, clawed the butt out of her hand and threw it to the ground.
 Anna appeared to look startled or maybe just outraged. Before I took another breath she reached out with both hands and pushed me back, her sour puss staring at me. I couldn't hit a girl but it tempted me.
 "You have something on your mind, Anna?"
 Without warning, she started swinging at my face. I blocked her punches until she appeared to quit in frustration.
 "Not a fair fight, huh? You should have sent your boyfriend, Ace."
 "You mean that jerk ex-boyfriend? The son of a bitch cheated on me. Besides, I don't need him to fight my battles."
 "Too bad," I chuckled.
 "Don't change the subject, you bastard!" she yelled, "I told you to leave my father alone. He can't go back to bootlegging."
 "Look. Talk to him. Leave me out of this. I can't help you."
 "Oh no you don't, Vance Remke. This sits on your shoulders. No one else."
 "Don't try to blame me. He has a mind of his own."
 "Damn you! I'll make it easy to understand. His only son went off to Philly to get away from these mountains. You replaced him. Now get the hell out of his life."
 I never thought of our relationship in those terms. A good friend and business partner, yes. A father figure? Maybe I should have seen it. I just didn't know.
 But no matter how much she complicated things, it changed nothing. I gave my word to Kooba.
 "This can't be settled with fists, Anna. Go home."
 "Yeah? Maybe so. But I'll square you away somehow. I swear it. Don't get too comfortable. Anything can happen in those mines."
 "You try to threaten me? Get the hell out of here. From now on, I don't want to see you anywhere near me. Ever."
 As I shoved past her to my car, she scoffed, "Give my best to your girlfriend, Reese. Oh, I forgot. She broke up with you. Seems she doesn't like coal crackers either. My mistake. Ha, ha, ha."
 Ignoring her cynical comment, I jammed the gear shift into low and laid a patch of rubber. The screaming tires kicked up stones and dirt leaving her in a swirl of dust.
 Seething, on the ride home, I vowed to embed myself in school and illegal coal peddling. My mind had been set and just like Pop, stubborn about changing it.
 The days flowed like a fast stream on South Mountain, immersed in the daily study of Algebra, English, German and other academic subjects. But could I survive in this narrow corridor of pursuit once we went back into the coal business? I hoped time would prove me victorious.
 Mid September continued to be warm, delaying the change of leaves and fetching perfect weather for shoveling anthracite. Early on a Saturday morning, Kooba called and suggested we meet at the site.
 I felt excited yet apprehensive. My desire would soon be fulfilled but at the price of standing up to Pop. He hated the mines because too many good men died the same predictable way. A vein of coal would break free, killing anyone working underneath those tons of raw ore.
 The Tamaqua Courier bore witness with articles and pictures of each disaster. And somewhere in those columns, a sentence or two of the families left to mourn. But such a calamity would never befall us. We inspected everything, hoist, cable, cross beams, leaving chance or fate for others.
 Hanging up the phone, I noticed my father, in his favorite lounge chair, watching news on television. Forced to this moment in time, I would have preferred not to confront Pop but my path stood clear.
 At the coal stove, I poured a cup of coffee from our old aluminum percolator and sipped at the hot brew. My thoughts turned to just a few years earlier when I had feared him so. A child, filled with uncertainty and so many questions about my life in this family. Now, I prepared to talk, son to father.
 Finding my way to the couch, I sat on the edge, leaning forward like a cat, resting but capable of springing at any moment. Pop must have sensed my nervous tension. He interrupted watching the news, a curious look on his face.
 "Seems sort of early for you to be talking with Reese?"
 "She didn't call, Pop, not now or anytime soon. We had an argument and broke up."
 "Hmmph. Too bad. Your mother liked her."
 "Yeah. I know."
 "So who called?"
 "Mr. Michek. We aim to open the mine at St. Mary's again. Yes. I know how you feel about bootlegging but I've made up my mind."
 Without warning, I had his full attention as he stood up. Coming to my feet, his eyes riveted on mine.
 "You have it all figured out. Don't you?"
 "I don't want to fight, Pop."
 "God damn you. Those poor stinking souls, including your Mr. Michek, don't have a choice. Coal grubbing. Hand to mouth living and dying. You wallow in their misery long enough, it'll rub off, boy."
 "You don't understand. This will be my last year. Kooba knows it. Besides, he taught me everything about safety."
 "You got your head on sideways, boy. I saw a young man pulled out of the Run Hill mine in 1941. I worked right outside laying brick on their new electric sieve. You ever see a crushed body up close? They don't look human anymore. No chin or nose, just three holes about where you'd expect eyes and a mouth. And the rest of his corpse like a wrinkled balloon with the air sucked out.
 "Big-time company owned the mine and ran it. Hired the best diggers, had the best equipment. Yet there he laid, dead. Couldn't even show his body at the funeral.
 "Keep going back and the odds will catch up with you, boy. Nothing can guarantee you won't end up like him."
 "We just don't look at life the same way, Pop. I can't see us budging an inch from either side. But for sure, you and I share the identical stubborn will. Only one thing seems true, I made a commitment and have to follow it through. I believe you would do exactly the same."
 Pop stared at me for several seconds.
 "The danger rests on you, boy. Your mother would never survive if anything ever happened. Don't let her down."
 Filled with nervous exhaustion and unable to respond with words, I nodded my head in agreement.
 On the drive to Tuscarora, thoughts raced back and forth in my head. Pop and I reached some sort of fragile understanding. Would it last? And what about Reese? She pulled at all my emotions; love, anger and sadness while I struggled with the idea of opening the mine.
 Arriving at the base of St. Mary's mountain, I noticed Kooba's old truck parked in an open field, overgrown with weeds. He climbed out as I pulled up next to his vehicle.
 Nodding, he welcomed, "Vance."
 I responded, "Kooba."
 "Well, young man, you ready?"
 Looking up the steep incline, filled with trees and coal shale, I declared, "Yeah. I need to do this more than you know."
 Kooba reached into the bed of his truck and grabbed a tool box.
 "Vance, could you grab my gas can?"
 Stretching over the tailgate, I swung it to my shoulder and prodded, "Okay. Let's go."
 We paced ourselves, slow but constant steps with a break halfway. Resting, I sat next to Kooba as he puffed on a cigarette. The forest lay quiet, like a cemetery at midnight, except for an occasional chirp from the birds overhead.
 With time to reflect, my thoughts spilled over. Should I bring up the feud with his daughter? Yes, he deserved to know.
 "Kooba. I have to tell you about Anna."
 "Shhhh."
 He stood up and turned an ear toward the top of the mountain.
 "Can you hear it?"
 I closed my eyes and strained to listen. But for what?
 As the seconds ticked by, struggling to detect a single vibration in the ether, I sensed it. A motor, labored and intermittent.
 "God damn it, Vance. We've got claim jumpers. Follow me and try not to make any loud noises."
 He stepped forward, his pace energized but cautious and hunched forward like a cat on the prowl. As we approached the crest of the mountain, close to camp, Kooba motioned to stop.
 He whispered, "They might have a lookout so keep you eyes open."
 Kooba reached for his tool box and pulled out a tray. Stowed in the bottom, a dirty towel, smelling of motor oil, wrapped around something oblong. As he unfolded the rag, I gazed on a jet black handle, then blue stained hammer, cylinder and barrel. A pistol, with flawless finish, like it had rarely been used. He raised it up to eye level turning the cylinder, click by click, looking at each shell casing and its gray metal slug.
 The sight of his gun and the way Kooba handled it sent alarms clanging in my head. Somehow, we changed from simple bootleggers to vigilantes. A sense of panic filled me as he tucked the firearm under his belt.
 "Come on," he directed, as we circled in a wide arc around the mine.
 An intermittent roar of the hoist engine hid the sound of our steps as we took care to stay in the woods, just outside of camp. Unexpected, he grabbed the front of my shirt, forcing me to stop in mid stride. He crossed his lips with an index finger and pointed just ahead.
 A skinny lad, maybe early 20s with greasy hair, sat in front of a large oak tree. A shotgun rested on his lap and his head nodded forward every few seconds. He appeared to be falling asleep.
 In concert with the hoist, we approached him from behind. Kooba waited for silence then aimed his pistol at the lookout's head. The homeless looking fellow appeared startled and reached for his shotgun.
 Kooba pulled the hammer back on his pistol and the lookout stopped cold, surrendering his weapon. I grabbed the double barrel and pointed it straight at our claim jumper.
 We walked our hostage to the rear of the old Ford which had been converted to a hoist and Kooba knocked on the side window pointing his firearm direct at the driver's head.
 "Bring it up! Bring it up, you son of a bitch!" Kooba screamed.
 The operator, who couldn't have been more than sixteen, looked like a frightened mouse. First he put his hands in the air then at the urging of Kooba waving his pistol upward, pulled the bucket to the surface.
 Nothing could have prepared us for the digger riding our ore car to the top.
 "Ace Borman?" I exclaimed.
 He squinted at Kooba then smiled at me as he lit a cigarette.
 "Well, look at you, Remke. Big man with a shot gun. Hey, I've been sober for a whole week. Maybe this time, I'll kick your ass."
 Kooba shouted, "Shut the hell up and get off our equipment! You got a smart mouth for someone stealing our coal!"
 Borman edged off the bucket and stretched his arms as if on a country stroll.
 "Listen, old man, Anna doesn't even want you here. Yeah, I know her. In fact, we used to go steady. Now run home before you get hurt."
 Kooba pointed his gun at Borman's face, "Never mention my daughter's name again."
 "Okay. Okay. You win. How about letting us go?"
 Borman nodded at his bungling accomplices standing in front of me with their hands in the air. What would I do if they bolted for freedom? With the safety off and my finger on the trigger, I tried not to think about it.
 Whatever happened next hinged on Kooba. He appeared to be deliberating what to do with the claim jumper. But Borman started to become fidgety, with sweaty face and eyes darting from side to side.
 Like a clap of thunder out of nowhere, Borman yelled, "God damn it old man! Call it! Don't just stand there like a fool."
 As Kooba started to reply, the claim jumper snapped a hand inside his coat and pulled what seemed like a small silver pistol. The sound of a single gunshot rang through the forest.
 My two prisoners started to run but before they reached the edge of camp, I fired a round over their heads. They stopped and this time I made them lay on the ground.
 A light puff of smoke trailed from Kooba's pistol as Borman lay on the ground holding his arm. The color red oozed through a bullet hole in his jacket.
 To my surprise, Kooba drew a bead faster than summer lightning. While my heart beat like a steam locomotive at full speed, I felt a new-found admiration for my mentor.
 "Let's see what you got there," Kooba demanded as he reached for the tiny pistol and started to examine it. "You like sporting a Derringer? I always fancied it the pistol of choice by low lifes, card sharks and women. Guess we know where you fit in."
 "What should we do with these claim jumpers, Kooba? Turn them over to the police?"
 "The law can't arrest them unless the landowner files trespassing charges. Since the State of Pennsylvania owns this property, they'd take us all in. Bootleggers settle their own grievances. Once word gets around about these boys, they won't be welcome anywhere."
 "Give me your belt. Now," Kooba snarled as he walked to the youngest teenager. Grabbing the leather band, he kneeled over Ace and strapped it tight around his arm.
 "At least you won't bleed to death on my watch. Now get the hell out of here and don't even think about taking your bags of coal. They belong to us now."
 I watched the three misfits traipse out of camp like jackals denied their prey. My gut told me Borman would either seek revenge or move on to jump some other bootlegger's claim. Perhaps next time he won't be lucky enough to walk away.
 "Vance, I think you should have this toy. Maybe you can give it a better reputation than its former owner."
 He placed the Derringer in my hand. I stared at the gun, puzzled by everything that happened. This world of coal mining now seemed more threatening than cave-ins or Methane gas poisoning. I never thought of bad men looting god-fearing miners, maybe even killing them for a bag of coal. I didn't choose this but it'll take more than Ace to make me back off.
 "Kooba, do you think they might come back?"
 "I don't think so. But we need to keep this place safe. I'll bring my daughters up to handle lookout."
 "Uh, I've been meaning to tell you about Anna. We had a run-in last week."
 "She told me about the argument. You, me and the mine. Anna can be like her mother; head strong, protective of the family. But I don't blame you, she picked the fight. Look, we each have our own reasons for being here. Let's try to put it behind us. Okay?"
 "Sure. I just wanted to be straight up with you. If you need Anna to guard the camp, I'll just have to live with it."
 "Ha. Anna can't handle a piece. She hates guns. I wouldn't trust her. She'd shoot her damn foot off. I plan on asking the twins."
 "But your girls, I'll bet a shotgun weighs as much as them."
 "Yeah, but I taught my babies to shoot quail and pheasants since they could hold a gun without tipping over. Good shots, both of them."
 From that moment forward, I could feel a new reality chafing at me like black grit. Kooba and I went about setting up and inspecting the equipment like we always do. The sacks of coal Borman swiped sat near the entrance to the mine. We decided to load the bags into my trunk and sell them in town. Peddling from door to door in the same old neighborhoods as last year, I found familiar faces greeting me like a lost son.
 I had become a bootlegger again and it felt scary yet exciting at the same time. Time raced by as weeks turned into months and winter stripped the forest of its green, leaving the mountains a cold gray.
 Finding a life of my choosing, I adjusted to the pull and push of school, home and the mine.
                                                            ****
 Noon became a ritual of eating my bag lunch downtown at the 5 Point Diner then hanging out with friends in front of the school. On an uneventful day, my peace became interrupted when I heard someone yelling, "Help! Help me!"
 I saw a girl struggling to get out of a beat up 1947 Ford parked across the street. Also, a shadowy figure remained behind the steering wheel.
 At first I thought a couple might have started an argument and decided to let off some steam. But as the teenager limped across the street, I recognized Cassie Hanks.
 Her hair looked savaged like caught in a wind storm and blouse, ripped from buttons to armpit, flapped to the ground. She didn't even have a coat.
 Cassie stumbled toward me and collapsed in my arms. I could feel her shivering from the cold. Up close, I saw her bloody nose and both eyes, a puffy bluish black. I took off my jacket and wrapped it around her.
 "My God, what happened, Cassie?"
 She couldn't stop crying and managed to eek out the words, "He raped me."
 "Who did this?"
 "Ace, Ace Borman."
 Anger welled up inside me as I shouted at the driver, "Get out of the car, you god damn coward!"
 The Ford started up and pulled into the street. With the engine still running, Borman exited the vehicle and walked toward me. He sported a look of arrogance.
 "The bitch wanted twenty bucks for a piece of ass. Nobody charges me for something I get free. All she had to do is spread her legs for ten minutes. The little whore brought it on herself. Now, you want to do something about it, Remke?"
 "You bastard. You destroy people's lives like a plague, chewing up everything in your path. Somebody needs to put an end to you."
 "And you think you can do that?"
 "Maybe I will."
 Ace stepped forward and I pulled Cassie behind me. He stopped when my friends from school joined me. Borman looked at them, as if debating whether he wanted to fight all of us.
 "We'll meet again, Remke. You always seem to have some advantage going on, first Michek and now your buddies. Next time, maybe you won't be so lucky."
 "I don't think so but you know where to find me, Ace."
 He walked back to his car and peeled out, almost hitting a car. His muffler belched a deep bellows of sound that rattled out for blocks.
 "Thanks guys, for backing me up. Cassie, you need to see the school nurse and then the cops."
 "No. I just want to go home."
 "Listen, you need to get back at that bastard. He needs to be stopped before he does it to someone else."
 "Don't make me do this. No one wants to help me. I'm not worth saving."
 "Jesus Christ. You're a human being, not some lost animal. Please, let me help you."
 She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and whispered, "Okay, let's just get it over with."
 As we turned to head toward the nurse's office, we confronted the entire student body surrounding us. Word must have spread about what happened. I could feel her pull back as we faced them.
 "Just follow me, Cassie."
 After a few steps, she grabbed my arm, almost falling down. I picked Cassie up, her head lying against my shoulder and forced my way through the gathering of classmates. Their grim faces passed me, one by one as I walked up the marble steps to the lobby.
 "Once inside, more students held quiet like solemn observers. My eyes focused on the Nurses Station at the far end of the hall. Just when I thought this day had reached its worst moment, Reese appeared at the door to Sophomore Algebra.
 I tried not to watch but my heart wanted to soak in her vision. She glanced at me, a somber look across her face. Our time would come to talk, but not now.
 The door to the nurse's office stood propped open. As I lowered Cassie to one of the chairs, the attendant rushed to her, asking questions and tending to her wounds.
 Cassie begged, "Please stay?"
 "I'll just be in the way. Listen, about Ace, I promise, he will pay for what he did to you. Someway, the score will be settled."
 Forcing a smile, I backed up to the door and closed it behind me.
 She never showed up in class the next day or the weeks that followed. Rumor had it, she dropped out of school.
 When I turned to the hallway, a few students milled about waiting for the afternoon bell. Before reaching the stairs, I heard Reese's beautiful, honey coated voice behind me.
 "The whole school knows what you did today, standing up for her against a brute like Ace. Even someone like Cassie doesn't deserve to be raped. I just wanted you to know."
 Facing her, I fell in love all over again, yearning for her touch. Before I could say a word though, a student walked up and put his hand on her shoulder. I wanted to punch him in the mouth but instead blamed myself. I caused our break up.
 "We have to go. Class will start any minute now," uttered the kid who dared to put his fingers on my girl.
 "Ignoring the student, I probed, "How long until you forgive me, Reese?"
 She stared at me with troubled eyes, "Has anything changed?"
 "Yes. You avoid me instead of talking things out. What happened to us?"
 "Stop it. Don't make this about me. I've asked you not to go up in those mountains but you went anyway. I must not be important enough to you."
 Before I could respond, the bell spewed its raspy clanging sound throughout the school. Without a word, Reese walked past me to the west hallway. I watched her until she entered one of the classroom doors. Out of sight and no longer a part of my life.
 A few students ran down the corridor, trying to make it to class on time. But I felt no such urge as silence fell over the hallways. It didn't matter if I arrived late or ever, to my next class.

Chapter 33
 It seemed strange, surveying the woods around camp and waving at Kooba's two girls, each toting shotguns. One sat on a large boulder by the North gulley and the other perched on an oak limb near the South rim.
 "Don't worry, Vance, they can handle any trouble coming through those trees."
 "I believe you, Kooba, but everything seems so different now. Instead of just mining coal, we've become an armed camp. Three years ago, bootlegging came so easy. We dug up ore, chipped and bagged the black rock then headed for Tamaqua to sell it."
 "Times change, Vance. You should have seen the 1940s. Big time mines lay off workers by the hundreds. Everyone combed the mountains from Tamaqua to Pottsville looking to strike a claim. The desperate ones formed into gangs and jumped camps by force. Either run the owners off or killed them and then dumped the bodies at the bottom of a strip mine."
 We labored all that Saturday until late in the afternoon, taking our cue from the sun hanging heavy on the horizon. Kooba and I loaded the truck so it would be ready to go by first light on Sunday morning.
 "My truck needs gas for tomorrow's trip, Vance. Why don't you follow me over to the gas station in Mary-D? Then we can both head back to the valley from there."
 "Yeah. I should fill up, too. Meet you at the station."
 We headed out the dirt lane to Route 209 and traveled west for about a mile. The old station, dirty but efficient; provided gas, car repairs and local gossip for anybody who wanted to listen.
 As I pulled in, a familiar gonging sound, alerting an elderly attendant that he had customers. He limped out to the pump and started to fill our tanks.
 Kooba and I walked inside the station while the girls stayed in the truck. The old man finished and rang us up. Handing back some change, the attendant asked, "You hear about the suicide?"
 "No," I responded.
 "They found a kid over at Sutter's Park. The cops gassed up a few minutes before you and headed over there to check it out."
 "Any idea who?"
 "One of the deputies said they found a driver's license on the body. It sounded like Darryl Grainger."
 I stopped counting my change and looked at the old man in disbelief.
 "Darryl Grainger? My God, I go to school with him. Look, uh, Kooba, I have to go over there. I'll meet you tomorrow, first thing in the morning. Okay?"
 "Sure, Vance. I understand. Be at the farm by seven."
 Everybody in those mountains knew Sutter's Park. On warm, sunny days, you could see picnic tables or blankets spread along the tree rows. Families relaxed in the shade or lovers pitched woo in some remote corner. I never thought of it as a place to die.
 On a back road out of Mary-D, I saw the park ahead and came to a stop at the shoulder near the entrance. Two cop cars, an ambulance and a tow truck parked in the small lot out front.
 The police and what looked like a medical attendant clustered around a '50 or '51, green Buick. The hood and trunk had been popped up plus both doors swung wide open. I couldn't see anyone inside.
 I walked past the vehicles and headed toward an old man standing next to the tow truck. His face sported day old stubble and he smelled like sour cheese.
 The grizzled fellow nodded, "You related to the boy?"
 "No sir, but I knew him. We both went to Tamaqua High."
 "Well, no doubt, they won't let you over there. Maybe family and the newspaper people, nobody else."
 "Do you know what happened?"
 "According to Mary-D's police chief, the teenager just made bail on a murder rap yesterday. But he must have thought about killing himself for some time. See that hose jammed into the exhaust and run up to the driver's side window. The cops found a piece of plywood with a hole in it fitted to the opening.
 "He also had to be liquored up because they found a half bottle of Seagrams in his hand. Autopsy should confirm it. Looks like the boy didn't leave himself any way to back out of the deal at the last minute."
 Ignoring the tow truck driver's advice, I stepped toward the activity, hoping to get a glimpse of Darryl.
 All of it seemed so unreal. Perhaps seeing his body slumped over the wheel, I could accept his death.
 My fears became truth as I gazed through the open doorway and recognized his blond hair and lifeless face. I felt grief start to well up inside. Fighting to control the sadness, I asked myself why Darryl ended his life and in this place. Neither God nor man had an answer for me on that day.
 I stood there for a long time, unnoticed by the cops while they huddled over the car, taking pictures, wiping, dabbing and taking notes. Before flickering remnants of sun faded over Saint Mary's Mountain, the medical attendant and one of the cops walked to the ambulance, pulled a gurney and retrieved Darryl's limp remains.
 The other policeman, appearing to be finished, noticed me standing about ten feet away. He walked over, introduced himself and asked some questions about Darryl.
 As we talked, the other men took a second gurney to the passenger's side of Darryl's Buick, raising my curiosity. I watched as one of them leaned on the front seat and tugged at something. After struggling for a time, they covered the gurney with a blanket and headed toward the ambulance.
 Unable to hold my silence, I asked, "Who's on that gurney?"
 "A girl. We found her lying on the front seat."
 "Huh? Who?"
 "Can't say right now. She doesn't have any identification on her. But if you knew Darryl Grainger from school, we could save a lot of time if you recognize the girl's body too."
 Shock recoiled through me. Apprehension. Denial of what might be. I couldn't breathe and my legs refused to move.
 Forcing myself to walk toward their ambulance with the cop, I stood with the others, hovering over the blanket clad body.
 He pulled the shroud back, slow and steady, as brown hair emerged and framed a face that looked at peace with the world. Her eyes stared straight at the sky, unmoving.
 Feeling a rush from my stomach, throat and mouth, I staggered to the grass on all fours and threw up. Raspy, guttural, heaving sounds disguised my sobs as I mourned the death of a friend. A girl, lost to the ugliness of this place.
 "You all right, son?" one of the cops asked.
 "Yeah, yeah. I just need a minute."
 Struggling to my feet, I stepped back to the gurney and put my hand on her shoulder. So many words ran through my head. Something to express my sadness but my voice failed me. After a few moments of silence, I tried again.
 "Why? Why? You could have made it, Cassie. Now you'll never leave these mountains."

Chapter 34
 My life became a merry-go-round of bootlegging and school. Sometimes I didn't know where one started and the other ended. Kooba and I worked the mine after school then sold our bags on the weekend. Every morning, I woke before daybreak, started coffee and talked with Mom.
 If I had homework, it became a struggle to complete in the few hours before school or out of desperation, ended up stuffed in my textbook, undone. A sense of my life, unraveling, out of control nipped at the edges of my subconscious.
 At school, I wandered from class to class, unable to focus on any subject. My need for sleep and just not caring anymore became overwhelming.
 By afternoon, I fought to stay awake and often lost that battle. My head nodded back and forth or collapsed on the desk.
 How long could I keep pushing myself? The seeds of my fate had already started to show their ugly heads.
 Early November signaled the start of the first marking period. A two month summary of how well students performed. A time I did not want to face.
 I met the devil of my torment at the end of a cold, overcast day as students filed out of German class. As I walked past Mrs. Gruber's desk, she asked me to stay.
 "Vance, we need to discuss your progress."
 "Why? Have I failed the class?"
 "No, but If you don't pick up your grade, you won't pass for certain. I know you've been working at one of those wildcat mines after school. My father worked the number six colliery until 1952. He died in Coaldale Hospital last year of black lung. Why you want to risk your life bewilders me but I think it may be affecting your school work.
 "Well, thanks for the warning. Can I go now?"
 "Not yet. I taught your brothers German and they all passed. Bet you didn't know that.
 I sensed Mrs. Gruber about to lecture me on the need for a good education. The same talk our principal gave during a rally at the beginning of the semester.
 "Walter Jr. seemed quiet but had good manners and treated me with respect. He always tried his best. When the Army Recruiters showed up in January of 1942, he volunteered without hesitation to join the war effort. It seemed odd but after he signed on, your brother appeared eager to go and in fact, his grade improved by the time he graduated."
 "I didn't know," I responded and glanced at my watch.
 Folding her arms, I watched my teacher's eyes turn into slits of no-nonsense.
 "Vance, whether you like it or not, I'm going to have my say. Your bootlegging can wait. Understand?"
 Looking at the floor, I dragged a yeah out of my mouth.
 "I know the head of the class reunion committee of 1947. He tells me your brother Miles moved to Japan to work on a secret project for the government.
 "His classmates considered him one of the most popular students in school. He never seemed to let his celebrity get in the way of completing the course. Miles passed which means he cared enough to study his homework."
 By now, anything I might say would be useless. I felt glued to that spot until she let me go. Even though my brothers never discussed their school experience and everything she conveyed, sounded new to me, I didn't care.
 "Your brother Paul earned the nick name Senator. He had a natural talent for promoting the latest public opinion whether debating our involvement in Korea or criticizing the principal for eliminating our music program. He took this course, studied hard and passed with ease. His old classmates tell me he's stationed at an Air Force base near Frankfort."
 She stared at me, arms still folded, but not saying anything further. Silence flooded the room, making me nervous. I felt that she wanted some enlightened response like I had seen the light, I'm cured. Hallelujah.
 "What do you want from me? They passed, so what?"
 She stared at me with her lips pursed and eyebrows arched high. I sensed her anger.
 "When you start failing this class, it becomes my business. I suggest you think about what's more important, graduating from high school or working in a mine. That's all I have to say. You can go now."
 Her words echoed in my head as I left the room and walked down the hallway. Students prepared to go home, heading to their buses, while I struggled with questions invading my every thought.
 How did my life get to this point? Why couldn't I save Cassie, help my mother or get along with my father? And Reese, my only island of sanity. How could she turn her back on me with such ease? Answers evaded me like a baby chasing butterflies on a spring day.
                                                            ****
 The mine became a refuge from all the stings, bites and hurt in those mountains. I wore the grimy coal dust on my hands, face and in every fiber of my clothes like a badge of failure. I deserved to be there.
 While I struggled to survive, one day at a time, word traveled to other poor people that we had cheap coal. Although reluctant, we decided to split our efforts. I chose the south side because South Mountain with its treacherous incline had to be crossed into New Ringold. My car's trunk and seats didn't carry a lot of coal like Kooba's truck but the engine ran fine.
 On a Saturday morning, I headed out from home before daybreak. My Chevy labored in second gear, up the mountain's narrow and winding trail, straining under the load. I felt abandoned, isolated, looking at nothing but tree after tree for miles. Coming down the other side, I could smell brake pads smoldering as I struggled to keep the car from careening down an embankment.
 Once on the other side, I sold my bags of coal to farms that dotted the countryside. Everyone in Schuylkill County knew how those croppers struggled. They barely made a living off the red clay. A sorry excuse for top soil. The Chevy emptied fast and after selling the last bag, I headed back to Tamaqua to help Kooba.
 Soon, every week end became a ritual of ascending South Mountain. Not only to satisfy my life but for the needy souls on the other side.
 November passed and gave way to winter with its cold and snow. Unable to get through six foot drifts on St. Mary's Mountain, Kooba and I closed the mine until early spring.
 Just before Easter, we started bootlegging again. The mountains on my southern route became less scary and offered solitude, time to think. I traveled east on Route 895 toward 309 like so many times before with a full load of coal.
 But without warning, my peaceful journey came to an end. It started with the sound of metal crunching metal, my head snapping backwards and the screeching of tires on black top. Someone behind rammed my bumper and started to push me off the road. Panic set in as I struggled to keep control.
 The car pulled around me at high speed, its front fender mashed.
 Screaming, "Son of a bitch!" I recognized Ace Borman's beat up Ford fish tailing down 895.
 My 1947 Chevy spun across the road of oncoming traffic toward a steep ditch. As if in slow motion, I watched my car broadside the incline and start to list like a sinking ship.
 Rolling, rolling, upside down, right side up. Early on, my body soared through the driver's window, onto an embankment. Lying flat in the dirt, I endured the full weight of the Chevy twisting onto my back. I fought to breath but nothing moved, as if paralyzed. A second later, it continued, descending, turning over and over until it finally came to rest at the bottom.
 I looked around me, feeling my arms and legs for broken bones and breathed relief, except for some lacerations on my hands, everything seemed okay.
 My first thoughts made no rational sense for someone injured, lying at the bottom of a ditch. I'd have to bum a ride to town and find Kooba. He needed to pick up the load and make my rounds. Then I'll go looking for Ace.
 The reality of what happened set in when a car pulled to the shoulder of the road. A well dressed guy, maybe in his thirties, stood at the rim. He ran down the embankment and knelt next to me.
 "Anything broken?"
 I struggled to talk, "I don't think so."
 This Good Samaritan noticed the cuts on my hands.
 "You're bleeding."
 Reaching into his rear pocket, he pulled out a handkerchief and wrapped it around the worst gash.
 He ran back up to the shoulder, looked around and fixed his gaze on something in the distance.
 "One of those houses should have a phone. I'll call an ambulance. Try not to move."
 "Hey. I don't want a meat wagon. I have to get to Tamaqua. Can you give me a ride?"
 "What? Have you gone mad? You need to get to a hospital."
 He looked shocked for a moment then ran off.
 I had to move, even though spikes of pain ran through my body. A bloody trail followed me as I crawled up the incline to the road.
 Forcing myself to sit upright, I looked down at the hulk that had been my car. The roof appeared flattened and the doors sat open at odd angles. All my coal, twenty bags, seemed to be inside, untouched.
 My hands, wrapped in my shirt, had stopped bleeding and I managed to stand up by the time an ambulance arrived. Two guys, appearing to be in their twenties, sprang out of the meat wagon and started checking me over. When they brought out a stretcher, I held up my hand and waved it back.
 "Forget it, guys. Just patch me up."
 One of the attendants queried, "You sure you want to do that? You might have internal injuries that won't show up for days."
 "You don't understand. My car is loaded with coal. I have to get it picked up right away."
 "Okay, we'll put it in our report. You refused to get checked out at the hospital."
 I walked with a limp and had bandages on both hands but I managed to talk a bystander into giving me a ride.
 Before we could leave, the sheriff arrived in a black and white, four-door Plymouth with its siren wailing and a gizmo on the roof flashing red.
 A thin, almost frail old man, swiveled out of the car with a clipboard in hand and marched to the rear of the ambulance. He talked to one of the attendants, looking at me every once in a while. After some time, they shook hands and the cop scribbled something on his note pad.
 I felt nervous as the officer approached me even though he didn't seem intimidating.
 "Looks like you've had a nasty accident, son."
 "You want Ace Borman. He ran me off the road."
 "Whoa, hold up. Let's start at the beginning. The medic tells me you refused to get treatment at the hospital. Any particular reason you don't want the docs to look you over?"
 Gazing down at my car, I lamented, "I don't have time."
 "Because of the coal?"
 "Yeah."
 "Did you mine it?"
 "All twenty bags."
 "You don't look old enough to be a real bootlegger. The old timers, they know the hardship. My father scavenged coal out of the Middleport mines during the 1940s when times hurt real bad."
 "Can I go now?"
 Peering at the ambulance, he confessed, "I've always looked the other way when someone's just trying to get by. But I have to file an accident report with the state. Unless you can show a certificate of origin and tax stamp, I'll have to take you in."
 Letting out a long sigh, I reflected, "I don't have anything except the sweat it took to get that anthracite out of the ground. What happens to my coal?"
 "They'll impound it over in Pottsville. Every month, the state troopers auction off confiscated goods to the highest bidder. My guess? A coal dealer would buy your load."
 "At least arrest that bastard, Ace Borman. He rammed me into the ditch and then took off. Put his ass in jail, too."
 "Borman? I know him. He's been in our lock-up more than once. It looks like he's created a whole mess of trouble for you. We'll see about arranging some accommodations for him up at county"
 "Thanks."

Chapter 35
 The officer took me to Coaldale Hospital for x-rays and then the town jail. Several hours later, sitting in a dark, gloomy cell, one of the cops let me know my father posted bail.
 As I picked up my wallet and keys, I saw Pop in the lobby talking with the old cop. They seemed to take forever so I waited by the front door until my father finished his conversation.
 Pop strode out of the police station with me following behind. He didn't say a word until we reached the car. Once inside, he lit up a Camel and blew the smoke out his window.
 "They towed your car to the South Tamaqua junk yard. The damn thing is beyond repair.
 "From what the arresting officer told me, you've got trouble, boy. Some of it not your fault. But just the same, do you remember what the hell I said about bootleggers? They run with bottom-feeders. Now you'll have a chance to wallow in their brand of misery."
 I didn't want to argue with Pop because a big part of me already felt crushed, defeated, humbled outside of words.
 Slouching in the front passenger seat, my memory replayed the moment Borman hit my car and then his Ford swerved around me. I imagined chasing him down and smashing a baseball bat into his head while he begged for his life.
 Kooba called my house when I didn't show up at Owrigsburg Street by four in the afternoon.
 "Vance, I can't believe Borman ran you off the road. The boy has to be crazy."
 "The cops issued a warrant for the bastard's arrest but I want to find him first."
 "Listen, let them handle it. You don't need any more grief. Do they know the location of our mine?"
 "No. They only seemed concerned about their tax money."
 "Good. Tell them you bootlegged from the old McCabe dig over by Pottsville. Everybody has almost picked the place clean over the years and the cops know it.
 "They'll give you a smack on the hand, maybe tender a fine and send you home. In the meantime, I'll shut down the mine until this mess passes."
 Monday morning, it felt odd, standing out by the road, waiting for the school bus. As I climbed aboard and walked down the aisle, some familiar faces greeted me. Betty, sweet as a peach out of my father's orchard, greeted me with her beautiful smile. The guys from Lewistown Valley nodded then resumed their horse play.
 Arriving at school, I entered home room and started the day's classes but my life seemed different. A void followed me, the usual sense of urgency and overwhelming exhaustion, gone. In its place, a long breath of strange relief.
 As the next few weeks passed, I caught up on school work and watched in amazement as my grades improved. Mrs. Gruber smiled as she saw me enter class. Reese and I even started to talk again.
 But it didn't last. As I studied government in Civics class, a secretary called me to the principal's office. Once there, she opened his door and ushered me inside. He looked serious.
 "Sit down, uh, Vance.
 I expected he wanted to lecture or expel me for the trouble with bootlegging. But my misery was about to reach a new level.
 "Son, the Drivers Ed teacher will run you home right away. Take whatever time you need."
 "What? Why?"
 "Your mother called. The New England Fire Company responded to an alarm about thirty minutes ago at your house."
 My feelings went numb as I struggled to cope with the words he spit at me. Thoughts rattled back and forth without meaning as I stared at the floor.
 "Vance, Vance? Do you understand?"
 "Yeah, yeah. I better go."
 I ran through the halls to the back of school in the faculty parking lot. The driving teacher, Mr. Seger pulled up by me and reached over to open the passenger's door.
 "Hop in, Vance. Sorry to hear about your house."
 "Yeah. Thanks for giving me a ride."
 He crept through the back streets until we reached the town limits then everything came unglued as we whizzed up the hill over 100 mph. A loud rushing sound filled the car all the way to New England Valley.
 In minutes, we came up to the flat just past Millers barn. Ladder trucks, water trucks and an ambulance sat parked in my father's driveway while firemen scurried about.
 Mr. Seger pulled close to the fire equipment and stopped.
 "If you need help, let me know," he consoled, before I could grab the door handle. I nodded and jumped out of his car.
 As I sprinted up the driveway past noisy water pumps, cold spray hit my face, bringing me to a grim reality. My father's house, the place we lived, had caught fire and I couldn't stop it.
 Yellow flames licked inside the second floor window while hot burnt air invaded my nostrils. I jumped over several hoses, ran to the front door and tried to look inside but saw nothing but thick black smoke.
 A wet hand grabbed my shoulder and pulled me back. A burly fireman, I knew as Motto, yelled, "Get the hell out of here. If we get a back draft, it'll kill you, boy."
 Pulling away from him, I shouted back, "Have you seen my mother?"
 "Some of the guys took her over to the old house."
 "She okay?"
 He shook his head, "You better get over there."
 I ran to our unused rental home on the west end of Pop's land. Aged by time, the roof had started to sag and the doors wouldn't close unless given a firm kick. Just inside, Mrs. Kostner, from a few doors down, stood next to Mom.
 The neighbor, voice filled with strain, groaned, "Thank God, you've come. She can't stop crying."
 Grabbing an old wood chair, I sat down and wrapped my arm around her while a hodgepodge of people ran back and forth outside fighting the fire.
 I tried to sound composed, "We'll get through this, Mom."
 My forced calm turned to shock when I observed thick smears of black char on her face and hands. The bottom of her house dress framed with gnarled chunks of burned material.
 "I tried to stop it but the flames had me. My dress, then everything."
 "Mom? What started the fire?"
 She bowed her head and sobbed, "I don't know. Something smelled like burning rags. In the laundry room, I found a basket of towels on fire with flames high as the ceiling."
 We stayed in the old house, several neighbors, Mom and me. Listening to the sounds of chaos just outside. At least until Pop arrived.
 He stomped over the transom like an invading titan. His jaw squarely set, Pop grabbed his hat and threw it to the floor.
 My father barked, "What the hell have you done, woman?"
 She stood up and tried to yell through her sobs, "Kill me! Just kill me, you bastard!"
 "You burned the house down! Admit it!"
 I walked between them, "Mom says she's not sure what set the blaze."
 He looked at me with hardened eyes, "We'll find out soon enough."
 Pop walked out and started to talk with the firemen. He had a way about him that demanded attention, respect. It appeared, no matter how frantic the moment, each took time to explain their activity.
 Several hours later, the raging sound of fire equipment and crackling of burning wood came to an end. In its place, dripping water and the aroma of foul charcoal.
 Firefighters busied themselves rolling up hoses and checking equipment. One of the older firemen poked at some of the wood framing and electrical wiring. Pop stood near the front door watching the inspector until he finished then talked with him, pointing to different parts of the house.
 In the meantime, Salvation Army trucks pulled by the road, carrying boxes to the old house. It hit me like a fist to the gut. We had nothing. No clothes, bed, food, television. All gone.
 I waited until Pop finished talking with the fireman to approach him. He stood just inside the front door looking up through the burned out ceiling to the roof.
 After a long silence, my father spit on the wet mangle of charred floor.
 "The inspector can't be certain what started the fire. He'll bring in an expert from Harrisburg tomorrow.
 "Your brother Buck and I built this house from the ground up. The cinder block came from Allentown and bricks from Pottsville. It took us over a year, working in our spare time."
 "You can rebuild it. Can't you? The walls and roof seem okay."
 He laughed, "Look at me, boy. I'll reach sixty five in July. My days of building houses on weekends will never happen again.
 "We have some insurance but not enough to hire a contractor. I'll board the damn thing up and think on it for a while.
 "Take a good look at the old wood frame place we've been renting out for years. All we have left sets right over there. So help me, if she started this fire, I'll commit her to the state."
 I couldn't believe what he had just said about Mom. So casual, like it happened every day. Maybe he only wanted to blow off some anger. With everything happening around us, I tried not to think about it.
 Looking at the faded old house, I recalled a middle-age couple had rented the place about ten years ago. But when they left, it festered, empty. A coal stove sat in the living room, rusted from top to bottom. A few pieces of furniture sat scattered throughout the house. Old, unwanted remnants from a time long past.
 I watched the men finish their chores and drive the fire equipment back to the station. As we tried to find some way to busy ourselves, a stream of neighbors, Pop's co-workers and strangers dropped by with hot food and clothes.
 When the day came to an end, Pop lit several oil lamps given to us by a family friend. Mom and I sat on a mattress in the living room, talking through the terrible events of that day.
 "What happened after Pop and I left this morning?"
 "I, I washed up the breakfast dishes just like any other day. Started a load of laundry. Mrs. Delk came to visit around nine."
 "The laundry room. Do you remember anything out of place?"
 Mom looked peeved, "Dear, I know one thing for sure. My washing machine, laundry tub, iron, everything looked the same as it's always been."
 Swallowing hard, I prepared to ask, forced myself to mouth the words.
 "Can you remember everything about today?"
 Puzzled, she asked, "What do you mean?"
 "Well, sometimes you forget, stuff."
 "No. No. I remember everything. Even those strange noises inside the house."
 All my senses came to attention, stomach knotted, throat numbed.
 "Uh, what did the noises sound like?"
 "The floor in our laundry room creaked like someone walking on it. I looked but never saw anything."
 Mom grabbed my arm and rasped, "It had to be real. I swear."
 Gazing at my father across the room, reading a newspaper, I whispered, "Mom, please don't tell Pop about the noises. He has enough on his mind figuring out what to do tomorrow."
 "Okay, dear, for you."
 Thoughts of the state asylum stabbed at my brain, shredding all rational feelings, leaving me with a throbbing, assaulting headache. Even if Mom set the fire, how could Pop even consider sending her there?
 Next morning, I stayed with Mom, helping to make our aged rental house livable. Newspaper served as window curtains, a card table for meals and several weather beaten chairs filled out the living room.
 A large metal basin served as the sink for washing dishes. I brought water from a hand pump in the front yard.
 Pop drove to the hardware store in town, looking for sheets of plywood. He returned with a flat bed truck following behind. Two men, sporting dirty work clothes and day old stubble, unloaded the wood.
 We started to cut sheets to fit over broken windows. Pop, cigarette hanging off his lip, hissing some unrecognizable tune, measured the length and width then marked it off with a carpenter's pencil. I used one of Pop's saws he kept in the rear of the station-wagon with the rest of his tools.
 As the morning sun grew warm, a red Plymouth pulled into the driveway, interrupting our work. Large white letters on the door read Pennsylvania Fire Inspector.
 A young guy, looking not much older than me, stepped out of his car and unlocked the trunk. He gripped two black suitcases and clipboard then headed toward us.
 "Good Morning," he greeted, while trying to flip through several pages on his board. "I'm looking for, Mr. Remke."
 "You found him but people around here call me Walter."
 They shook hands while he responded, "I go by the name of Denis."
 "You the state arson specialist?"
 "Yes, among other things, uh, Walter."
 "Well, you'll find what used to be the front door just past the garage. I'll walk you over there."
 As the inspector prepared to enter the burned out hulk, I overheard Pop confide, "I need to know what happened in there, Denis. Can you do that for me?"
 "If someone started this fire, I'll be able to tell you where and how."
 My father sanctioned, "Well then, I'll let you get to it."
 We returned to the plywood and continued cutting our sheets.
 During a break, I confronted Pop, "I hope he doesn't find anything wrong but what if Mom started the fire? Did you mean it, about sending her to an asylum?"
 "What choice would I have? A rational person doesn't burn down their own house. It crosses the line between crazy and outright dangerous."
 I wanted to plead with him not to do it. Hearing Pop call my mother dangerous just didn't fit. Mom couldn't threaten anyone or anything.
 As we continued our work, Pop kept looking at his watch and at the burnt out door. The sun floated straight overhead when the inspector emerged, dirty and appearing immersed in note taking. After several minutes, he walked toward us, shaking his head and a grim look on his face.
 "I have bad news, Walter. It appears someone might have used an accelerant in the laundry room. The state police will want to start an investigation."
 Pop retorted, "What started the fire?"
 "Looks like cigarette lighter fluid. The stuff can be hard to trace. It has almost no smell and burns clean. Did you store lighter fluid in the house?"
 My father grimaced, "Yeah, I kept a can in the hall cabinet, next to the laundry room."
 "I'll put it in my report and advise the state police. They need to find that can or what's left of it."
 The inspector stowed his cases, talked with Pop for several minutes then drove away. My father stood in the driveway, watching his car until it disappeared over the horizon.
 I waited for him to return to the plywood, neatly stacked on top of our saw horses. As Pop approached me, I could see his face filled with anger.
 "You best go spend some time with your mother now."
 "What about the plywood? We could have all of it hung by the end of the day."
 His head reared, "Did you hear me? Get out of here, boy."
 "You can't do it, Pop. Please don't throw her away like a worn out pair of shoes. She deserves better from us."
 "Shut up. Just shut the hell up."
 He stepped past me, walking through the backyard garden. I watched as he disappeared into the tree line just below our mountain.
 From my earliest memory, it towered above our home like a mute sentinel. I wondered. Could it feel the misery in our lives?
 I avoided my father when he returned and Mom seemed quiet, moody, since the inspector left. What if she heard me arguing with Pop and put the pieces together?
 In the afternoon, with few words spoken between us, my father and I nailed up plywood over windows but left the door open for police. When we finished, a cold chill ran through me. Our home no longer existed.
 After we finished, my father washed up and drove into town. He wanted to spend some time at the West End Fire Company bar. No doubt, to drink beer with his bricklayer buddies and forget everything that happened over the last few days.
 Meanwhile, as the last remnants of sun slipped over the mountain, Mom and I cleaned laundry in a donated wash tub. We struggled to hang wet clothing on a line strung between two trees out behind the house.
 We waited for Pop to come home. Holding off supper while the hours dragged by. He never showed. Tired and hungry, Mom warmed tomato soup over a camp stove and made peanut butter sandwiches. We sat at the card table and ate by the light of an oil lamp.
 Later, as Mom washed dinner dishes and I dried them, she asked, "When do you plan on telling me about what happened today?"
 Then I knew. She had overheard everything. My eyes welled up as I tried to respond.
 "He wants to put you in a mental institution."
 Her mouth tightened, "Because of the fire?"
 "The inspector found traces of lighter fluid in the laundry room."
 "I, I remember smelling something like that just before the fire."
 "Mom, did you start it?"
 "No. Damn it. I don't know. Do you think I burned our house down?"
 Struggling with all the emotions inside me, I tried to give an answer from my heart.
 "You couldn't have done it. You walked twenty miles through desolate countryside in the rain and I watched you beat your hands until they bled. You only hurt yourself, Mom."
 I reached out and held her hand while we sat in the silence of that tired, old house. A place where my three older brothers and I ate, played, slept, and lived over fifteen years ago. Long before the new house had been built.
 As the night pushed beyond ten, Mon and I set up bedding on the floor of the living room. We gave up on Pop and decided not to wait for him. It became obvious he didn't want to come home. We turned off the lamps and settled in.
 I couldn't sleep though, thinking Pop might still be sitting at the bar getting drunk or worse. What if he ran off the road or hit someone? During the night though, I heard him stumble through the front door and collapse somewhere in the front bedroom. Relieved, knowing he made it home, I dosed off.

Chapter 36
 Morning light filtered through my squinted eyes as the damn mattress wiggled back and forth. I noticed Pop, kicking at it and pointing his finger toward the front door. Mom, still asleep, lay with the sun at her back. Grabbing my pants and shoes, I dressed while tip toeing outside.
 Pop whispered, "Your last semester wraps up in a month. I appreciate the help around here but you need to get back in school. I can take care of everything from now on."
 "Forget it. I know why you want me out of here. You'll pack up Mom and haul her off to the Harrisburg nut house."
 Pop curled his hands into fists and backed up.
 "Listen to me, boy, you've been off almost a week. Get the hell on the bus this morning and quit giving me grief. As for your mother, I'll make the decision, one way or the other, not you."
 My father demanded I go back to school although my gut said to stay home. Something told me, nothing short of a fist fight would have changed his mind.
 "She didn't set the fire. Just leave her be."
 Pop seemed matter-of fact, without emotion, "It depends on the docs. We'll talk when you get back."
                                                            ****
 I went to school but this time anger drove my every move. My mind focused on getting through one day to the next. In the meantime, I needed to get back to bootlegging. Not just for the money but to keep my mind off the fire and Mom.
 I asked around if anyone had a car for sale. Two days later, Mike Leotti, a fellow student, told me his father had a 1946 Chevy. Mr. Leotti could bring the car by the Five Point Diner in the afternoon.
 After school, instead of catching the bus home, I walked to the diner. Entering the front room, with its red and white, vinyl seats, I thought of Reese. So many times, we sat in one of the back booths, laughing, talking and enjoying each other's company. My heart couldn't deny it, I missed her.
 Pushing those bitter sweet thoughts out of my mind, I looked around and spotted Mike and a guy appearing to be, maybe, in his forties.
 "Hey, Vance. Over here. Meet my Dad."
 The adult thrust out his hand and pointed to the other side of the booth.
 In a measured, baritone voice, he welcomed me, "Vance, please, sit, relax."
 "Thank you, uh, Mr. Leotti."
 He sighed, "Such terrible times we live in. It broke my heart to read in the Tamaqua Courier about your place burning down. If your family has a need for anything, it would be my privilege to help."
 "Thanks, we put up in our old rental. It seems to be okay for now."
 "Good. It concerns me, about your father. We met about nine years ago. In the winter of '51, he built a fireplace in my living room.
 "Except, he did more than that. Walter restored my faith in people.
 "I needed the hearthside finished before Christmas. My two brothers planned to drive in from New York for the holidays.
 "You must be familiar with the mess of construction. I wanted everything wrapped up, spic and span before they arrived.
 "Your father came in two hours early every morning. He laid the last bricks in place a day before everyone arrived. Nothing could have humbled me more than when he refused to accept a penny for all his overtime. Walter told me to consider it a Christmas present.
 "When I have guests over, many times they talk about how elegant it looks. And I tell them about Walter. You must be quite proud of him."
 I tried to force a smile and forget the anger stirred up inside me from morning.
 "Yeah, everyone admires him."
 "My boy says you've had a run of bad luck. Rolled a '47 Chevy? And need a new car."
 As he talked, I noticed his nice clothes, clean shave and combed hair, unlike most of the men in town.
 "Yeah. I don't care about the body and interior but the engine and tires have to be in good shape."
 "Then I may have the vehicle for you."
 We left the restaurant and walked to the parking lot on Main Street. I paced around his black, fast back sedan. It looked used but well cared for. Climbing inside, I test drove the Chevy through town. Unlike my first car, I lacked any passion to inspect it further. The vehicle appeared to run well and would serve my need to haul bags of coal. I didn't even want to argue about the price.
 "I'll take it, Mr. Leotti. How much?"
 "That depends. Do you still own the '47 Chevy?"
 "Yeah, I have the title. But the damn thing sits in the South Tamaqua junk yard. It can't be fixed."
 "Does the engine still run?"
 "It should. All the damage seemed to be on the body."
 "Vance, I restore cars as a hobby and could use a '47 Chevy engine for my next project. I'll sell you this car in exchange for the engine and thirty dollars. How does that sound?"
 "More than generous, you have a deal. I have to be honest though, you could get a couple hundred for it, easy."
 Listen, Vance, in my line of work, I sometimes pass along a favor here and there to good people. Maybe someday you can show me the same consideration."
 "You have my word on it, Mr. Leotti."
 I felt torn between gratitude for the car and resentment that Pop's good will stole my sense of self reliance. My feelings melted down and swirled into an unrecognizable brew of guilt, love, hate and respect.
 After I pulled back into the parking lot, we discussed the details of our agreement. He planned to remove my engine on Saturday and I could pick up his car on Sunday.
 Before he left, we shook hands. I wondered, as they drove away, what line of work would let him restore cars as a hobby? I knew several guys who tinkered with the body or engine but they drove those autos every day. It puzzled me, how different Mr. Liotti seemed, from most everyone in my life.

Chapter 37
 I walked to the outskirts of town on Hunter Street and thumbed a ride home with one of my neighbors. Squeezing out of their Packard, I started running up the driveway, looking for Pop's station-wagon. Scurrying back and forth, I soon realized, this place, my world, stood silent, empty as the inside of our old rental. All the while, my mind raced with one question. What happened to Mom? I feared to know and just sat on the steps, staring at the mountain until the sun went down.
 Moving inside, I kneeled in front of an oil lamp and ate cold Spam in an attempt to quiet my growling stomach. Thoughts wandered to the outer boundaries of anxiety. If Pop and Mom didn't come home soon, I'd call the state police from my neighbor's house.
 After a sparse dinner, I lay on the floor, staring at peeled whitewash on the ceiling. It lulled me into a half sleep until flickering lights through the front window roused me. The mechanical churning of a car engine, idled and then went silent.
 The front door creaked open and Pop stood half way through the threshold for a moment, as if taking inventory of me before entering.
 Anxiety seeped into every crevice of my soul as I looked for Mom somewhere in the darkness behind him.
 He sighed then closed the door behind him.
 "The shrinks want to hold her for a few weeks to run some tests."
 I turned away from him and continued to stare at the chips of paint curled up from the drywall.
 He yelped, "Yeah. Yeah. I know how you feel. Get off it. Just look at the burned down house every time you want to blame me."
 "What if they decide to keep her there forever?"
 "I've don't want her in Harrisburg Refuge any more than you do. But she can't be trusted anymore. What if your mother burns this place down in our sleep?"
 "You won't even consider someone or something else started the fire."
 "Who? What? I haven't seen any evidence to the contrary."
 Ignoring his question, I turned the oil lamp higher and poured us some coffee from a hot plate.
 "I bought a car today."
 Pop forged a skeptical look.
 "You didn't waste any time. Where'd you find an auto?"
 "Mike Leotti's old man sold me a '46 Chevy."
 My father bolted upright, set his cup of mud on the table and pulled his chair facing mine. His brows pulled up tight, framing eyes bulged wide.
 "What did you give him for the car?"
 "The engine out of my '47 Chevy and thirty dollars."
 "What else?"
 "Nothing. Except I thought he could get a lot more."
 "You did it this time, boy. Vito Leotti runs gambling for most of eastern Pennsylvania. His brothers own all of the Brooklyn boroughs when it comes to prostitution."
 "How the hell could I have known?"
 "Just shut up and listen to me."
 "Finish the deal as agreed, to the letter. No changes unless he requests it and on time. What day?"
 "Sunday."
 "When?"
 "I don't know."
 "Jesus Christ. Call him and find out. Not Vito. The son, Mike."
 "Okay. Okay. I get it. Don't cross the man."
 "Boy, do not screw this up. He can hurt you. And decline any offer to work for him. Tell him you want to become a bricklayer, like me. Vito can understand the concept since he wants Mike to follow in his footsteps.
 "I gave him a pained expression and mumbled, "Fine."
 "Look, I consider Vito a friend. We don't judge each other. But he believes in a different moral code than us. He has killed men who crossed him. Believe me. You do not want to enter his world. Buy his car, but end it and walk away. You understand me, boy."
 "Yeah. End it and walk away."
 On Sunday, I met with Mr. Leotti and his son at their house just west of town. It sat back from the road, hidden by a curtain of trees and brush. They showed me the 1947 Chevy engine, pulled from my wrecked car, dangling from a hook on the back of their tow truck. A man dressed in greasy overalls, maybe their mechanic, had already started to strip it apart.
 Nervous, I squeezed, over and over again, the three ten dollar bills in my pocket. Afraid if I didn't, they would disappear and Mr Leotti might shoot me when it came time to pay.
 We walked into his garage, huge compared to my father's and sat around a black wrought iron table. He shuffled through some papers, looking at each one in detail. After some time, he signed one and placed it in front of me.
 "Okay, Vance. That takes care of the title. Any second thoughts? You seem quiet today."
 "No., No. I like the car."
 I handed Mr. Leotti the limp and sweaty money from my pocket.
 He grabbed one of the bills, "Let's just make it twenty for the car and use this ten to transfer the title."
 "Thanks, Mr. Leotti."
 "Hey, it makes me happy to do a favor for Walter's boy." He leaned over and confided, "If you ever need anything, I hope you would come to me."
 I remembered Pop's warning not to get involved. "You've been very generous to me, Mr Leotti. I'll never forget it."
 We walked to the driveway where my new car sat with all the windows rolled down. Mr. Leotti opened the driver's door and I slid inside.
 "I had one of my cogs clean it up for you, Vance."
 "You didn't have to do that."
 "Nonsense, I take care of my friends."
 I adjusted the rearview mirror and fidgeted with the radio. Before I started the car, Mr Leotti leaned in through the window.
 "My boy says you have a gripe with Ace Borman. He ran you off the road and you can't find him. I happen to know Ace works on an assembly line at one of the Ford plants in Detroit. Borman stays with his parents at 56 Elm on weekends. He lays low while in town because the cops have a warrant out for him."
 "How, how did you know where to find him?"
 "One of my friends knows his family. It came up in conversation when he paid them a special visit."
 "I don't know what to say."
 "No need. I hope this will be useful to you."
 "Yes. I have a score to settle with him."
 "Be careful. That sorry excuse for a human being believes in nothing. He has no honor."
 "I will, sir."
 "Well, Vance. I won't keep you any longer. Aarivederci, amico."
 "Goodbye, Mr. Leotti."
 As I drove onto the highway, revenge seemed within my grasp. Yet a nagging thought wouldn't let me alone, now I owed Mr. Leotti a favor.

Chapter 38
 My self respect seemed restored as I drove to school on Monday. But having another car brought no joy to me. I parked on Owrigsburg Street, far away from Tamaqua High, so no one would see it.
 Life deprived me of Mom, Reese and even my home, everything I valued. Anger and pain sat in the pit of my stomach like too many green apples.
 At school, classmates occupied their time with giddy talk of our graduation ceremony, asking a date to prom and road trips to New York.
 My thoughts floundered with visions of grimy bootlegging, revenge and emptiness. I felt like hitting someone.
 Later that day, I drove past Ace Fowler's house. A pugnacious appearing woman, middle aged, with salt and pepper hair, stood on the front porch. She wore faded Levis, tie-dye T-shirt and puffed on a cigarette like an out of control smoke stack. My desire for pay-back pushed me to go around the block and park in front of her.
 "Afternoon, Ma'am."
 "Can I help you with something?"
 "I have a message for Ace."
 "You know my boy?"
 "Yeah. Tell him Vance Remke dropped by. You let him know the cops will pick him up real soon and take his ass to jail."
 She looked puzzled for a moment then put one hand on her hip while stoking that ciggy butt like crazy. Then the woman broadcast the meanest expression I had ever seen.
 "Listen, you son of a bitch. I'll come over there and smash your face. No one threatens me or my family in front of my own house."
 "Yeah. Well, I don't give a damn. Ace can try and hide but he should give himself up. It'll go easier on him in the long run."
 As she jumped the porch railing, I shifted into low and pulled away, watching her in my rear view mirror. Even though it tempted me, I wouldn't fight a woman. Not even Ace's mother. She stood in the middle of the street and snapped her smoke toward the rear of my car. Her final act of hostility.
 Smiling, everything inside me sensed that Ace would know about my visit before I reached the police station.
 Stepping into the familiar lobby, I approached an athletic looking sergeant.
 "How can I help you, son?"
 "I have information on a fugitive."
 "Name?"
 "Ace Borman."
 "Okay. Let's just take a look at your Mr. Borman."
 He opened a drawer and thumbed through numerous files before pulling one out.
 "Yep. Open warrant. Flight to avoid prosecution. Hit and run.
 "Looks like he's been arrested before, drunk and disorderly, theft, domestic violence, assault with a deadly weapon, sexual assault. Whew. He has been busy.
 "Well, well, what have we here. Attempted murder, two years in juvey before he reached fifteen years old.
 "Son, you better avoid him like a bad case of polio. He appears to be a real nasty fellow."
 No surprise, shock or even fear. Everything I felt could be distilled into a massive brew of revenge.
 "So, what kind of information do you have about our Mr. Borman."
 "You can find him in Detroit at one of the Ford plants or at his parent's place here in Tamaqua on weekends."
 "Appreciate your help, son. We'll notify the Detroit Metro Police of his whereabouts over there."
 The sergeant took my name and a neighbor's telephone number so he could let me know when they arrested him.
                                                            ****
 I parked behind our rental house so my car couldn't be seen from the road. A strong dose of paranoia dominated my actions from then on. Before entering the old property, I looked for cars on the road and scanned the property line in all directions. Seeing nothing but a few neighbors next door, I went in and closed the door behind me.
 Walking to a small fridge donated by the fire company, I opened a bottle of coke and slouched onto my mattress with a pillow propped behind me. I grabbed my English text book and read through several chapters. My assignment for the next day.
 Not long after, my father arrived with hoagies for dinner and I made a pot of coffee. What a pair we had become without Mom. My diet consisted of sandwiches and java.
 As darkness started to creep over the valley, Pop settled in with his second cup of brew. He reached for his coat, pulled out several pieces of mail and tossed one to me.
 "This has your name on it, boy. From the return address, it looks like the Schuylkill County Court caught up with you."
 I stared at the official looking, brown envelope with Vance Remke typed in bold black letters. My heart raced as I ripped it open and read the letter inside.
 "It says I have to appear in front of Judge Adams on May tenth at nine in the morning."
 "Well, you better be there. Whatever punishment he gives you, take it like a man. You hear me?"
 "I'll be there but what about you? Can I expect you to show up?"
 "Don't worry about me, boy. I'll check in on the job site around six to make sure everything gets set up for the day then meet you there."
 The Pottsville courthouse looked old and depressing with Roman pillars and weathered concrete steps. I trudged up a long series of stairs to the huge oak front doors. Just inside, a fat, bald guard eyed me over as I scanned the hallway for courtroom number five.
 I pushed myself to walk a dark hallway, littered with seedy looking characters milling about, while following signs leading to a door marked Court of Schuylkill County. End of the line.
 In contrast to the corridor outside, I shaded my eyes, adjusting to the bright lights of the courtroom. And quiet. Every creak of the floor resonated throughout the room. I took a seat in the back, hoping to be unnoticed until my turn to face the judge.
 I combed my hair straight back instead of the usual Elvis look and wore a pair of my brother Miles' hand-me-down black slacks and white shirt.
 As the minutes ticked by, most of those unshaven, unwashed men, I had seen in the hall wandered in and found seats up front. They had an air of familiarity with the room and each other. I kept my head down and hoped they wouldn't notice me. All the while, I glanced at the door, expecting Pop to enter at any moment.
 At nine the bailiff entered, barked out an order to rise and announced the judge. A short young man sporting black hair and flapping robes walked with vigor to the bench. In a prompt manner, he called the court to order and picked from the top of his neatly sorted files.
 As the bailiff called the first man up, I panicked. What the hell happened to Pop? Sweat ran down my neck and into my shirt collar. The urge to vomit seemed so real even though I had no breakfast.
 These men, pathetic human beings, one by one, answered for an array of petty crimes - public drunkenness, petty theft. My brain pulsed. When? When would he call my name?
 I flinched, jerked and twitched like a crazy man. Looking. Looking over my shoulder for Pop.
 "Vance Remke. The State versus Vance Remke."
 It felt as though someone slapped me in the face. Struggling to my feet, I held onto the bench for a moment, waiting for my legs to catch up.
 Thinking my father had abandoned me, I stopped expecting him and walked toward the bench.
 "You have been charged with tax evasion and illegal possession of anthracite. How do you plead?" the judge asked.
 Before I could answer, a well dressed, older man, walked up next to me. He looked familiar. In the recesses of my mind, I fought to remember. Then it hit me, one of Pop's friends.
 How long had it been since the last time we met? At least ten years ago. He laid brick, just like my father but studied at night to become an attorney. I always wondered what happened to him.
 I turned around again, searching for my father but only strangers met my gaze.
 "Your honor, I represent Mr. Remke."
 "Mr. Horton, please be on time while in my court."
 "Yes your honor."
 "How does he plead?"
 "Nolo contendere, your honor. The boy has no prior convictions. He mined the coal from abandoned state land and intended to sell it to the underprivileged, below market value. He transported the bags within the state only, in his personal car, therefore not violating any interstate laws on conveying bulk bootleg coal."
 The judge skimmed some pages in his folder and motioned to the attorney.
 "Please approach the bench, Mr. Horton."
 I watched their heads bobbing and hands flicking, as if engaged in some sort of contest about who could be the most animated. At some point they stopped and the attorney stepped back.
 "Mr. Remke, on behalf of the State of Pennsylvania, I sentence you to one year probation and pay a fine not to exceed one hundred dollars. If at the end of that year you have not committed any other crimes, all charges will be expunged from your record. Dismissed."
 I stood there for a moment, my head swimming from what had just happened. I could have ended up in jail. No one ever anticipated this.
 Mr. Horton shook my hand as we walked out to the lobby. He motioned to a seat, pulled a tablet out of his brief case and started writing.
 Your father will not be happy when he gets my bill. I don't like to take on cases with only two hour's notice. Walter gave me your background over the phone. Lucky for you, I knew the judge and we worked it out.
 "Sir, what does probation involve?"
 "If you get into trouble for anything, speeding, jaywalking, spitting on the sidewalk, over the next year, you will go direct to jail. Understand?"
 "Yeah. I get it. What happened to my father? He promised to be here."
 "I don't know but he must have had a good reason."
 He tore a page out of his tablet and handed it to me.
 "I listed the address of the court and secretary. You owe the state eight dollars and thirty three cents on the first of every month for your fine. Don't be late. Well, good luck young man and give my best to Walter."
 "Uh, thank you for everything."
 He nodded, then stood up, walked to one of the other courtrooms and disappeared inside.
 I stuffed Mr. Horton's information in my pocket and stepped to the lobby where the same guard watched my every move with a critical eye.
                                                            ****
 At school, my afternoon seemed to creep by, like a barge on the Schuylkill River. I needed to confront Pop. What could have been so important that he failed to be there for me?
 So empty, lonely, angry. Those painful feelings washed over me as I parked the Chevy at home and waited for Pop.
 I sat in one of the old chairs and faced the front door, listening for his car. When Pop motored into the driveway, I stood up, waiting for him to come across the transom.
 "Where the hell have you been?"
 "Simmer down, boy. I just got home."
 "You left me there. No doubt, I've been a lousy son. In fact, a complete disappointment and don't deserve your support. But at least tell me up front. Don't send a lawyer in your place."
 Pop took off his hat, sat down without saying a word and stared out the dirty front window. I felt bewildered, expecting a stinging response. But instead, he seemed withdrawn, lacking the energy or desire to argue with me.
 Awkward. Uncomfortable. I stood there without purpose. My role as his adversary ripped away. Now, I wanted to make excuses for my outburst. Apologize somehow without sounding stupid.
 "Mr. Horton saved me from jail. If he hadn't been there, I might be in the county lock up right now."
 For the first time in my life, I noticed tears in his eyes. My brain screamed, noooo! Something wrong, ungodly, must have happened. I felt afraid to know and stepped back. My world tilted, swinging back and forth, out of balance while sirens wailed and bells clanged. Bur only in my head.
 "Your mother. Uh. The doc called me. So I drove to Harrisburg Refuge this morning. Oh God. She needs help. Uh. More than I thought."
 A long period of uneasy silence passed before I questioned, "Did she have a spell?"
 He exhaled a sigh and lamented, "She, uh, tried to kill herself. Your mother punched through a window and cut her wrists with the glass. She lost so much blood before they found her. A few more minutes and she'd have been gone.

Chapter 39
 The smell of disinfectant filled the lobby as Pop and I followed a prim looking nurse to the hallway. She led us past an array of somber men in white jackets escorting what looked like patients in gray uniforms. Some perched on wheelchairs while others shuffled like war wounded.
 Our guide directed us to a room, looking like all the others until I saw my mother. They only allowed one visitor at a time so Pop stayed in the hall. I walked to the bed, grabbed Mom's hand and noticed her wrists bound to the side rails by thick straps. Tubes ran to different parts of her body and bags of liquid hung from an assembly of hooks.
 I kissed Mom on the cheek and sat next to her. She looked so pale. We stared at each other for a moment then she struggled to talk. I leaned over and tried to understand her whispers.
 "Help me. Every day. Drugs, needles, crazy people. I can't be here No more, please."
 I tried to control it. But hot, wet tears rolled down my face without permission.
 "Mom. We need you. I, uh, I'll find a way to get you out of here."
 My head filled with visions of breaking in and rescuing her.
 She tried to smile and shook her head.
 I wiped my tears before anyone noticed.
 "Pop wants to see you next. Just hold on, Mom. Please, don't give up."
 I hugged my frail mother goodbye and backed up to the door. My promise seemed overwhelming. How will I ever make good on it?
 Driving home, neither Pop nor I seemed to have any passion for conversation. Once my father set a course, he never changed. Asking him to get Mom out of that loony bin would be useless. But I had to try.
 Breaking our silence, I exclaimed, "She can't stay there."
 Pop announced so calmly, it scared me, "They haven't finished looking her over yet. The doc told me his nurses will take precautions so it can't happen again."
 "What kind of precautions?"
 "Hell, I don't know. Maybe keep a nurse with her all the time. Something like that."
 "They had her tied up."
 "Yeah?"
 "You should do something. She deserves better. Animals get tied up, not human beings."
 "I don't like it any more than you but the docs know best. Face it, boy, Harrisburg Refuge might be the end of the line for her. But I hope, maybe, they can help her in the long run."
 "Not from what I've seen"
                                                            ****
 Arriving home, we saw two Pennsylvania State Police cars parked in front of the burned out shell. Several men in coveralls emerged through the open doorway with some sort of equipment in their hands. Pop walked over and started talking with them.
 I hoped their efforts would find the truth, whatever it might be. But most of all, I wanted them to prove my mother innocent.
 Standing by Pop's station-wagon, I watched the stateys fire questions at him. They seemed so intent on interrogating my father, my presence appeared to be irrelevant to them.
 It didn't last though. The police turned toward me and Pop motioned to come forward. I felt myself flinch, caught in the spotlight of attention.
 "Come here, boy. These gentlemen want to talk with you."
 One of the older stateys divulged, "The school principal confirmed your presence at Civics class the morning of the fire. We need to look at this case from every angle. Do you have any enemies? Someone who has a grudge and might want to torch the house?"
 I felt so steamed up. Hell yes, I had enemies. But Pop couldn't see beyond his damn obsession with Mom as the arsonist.
 "Yeah. I know two people who would be happy to see our house go up in flames.
 "Anna Michek threatened me at the beginning of the school year. She promised to get revenge somehow for working with her father, uh, up on St. Mary's Mountain. Yeah, I know, it doesn't make any sense. But her craziness about the whole thing leads me to believe she might be delusional enough to do it.
 "Also, Ace Borman, the bastard who ran me off the road several weeks ago. Before that, in front of my friends at school, he promised to put a hurt on me. The guy has no conscience."
 It came easy. Explaining all the details of my antagonists. Did they burn our house down? Maybe the police could find an answer before I extracted my own revenge.
 But most of all, I wanted Borman put away, to pay for all the grief he caused in these mountains.
 The officers took finger prints from areas that escaped incineration and informed us they planned to run them through the state files. I hoped they might identify someone, anyone, who didn't belong in that house.
 After they finished, the stateys packed up their equipment and bags of evidence. Pop talked with them for a few more minutes, shook their hands and watched as the entourage rolled out onto the highway.

Chapter 40
 My father and I tried to resume our lives or what seemed to be left of our pitiful existence. Pop left for work early and came home late, sometimes stopping by the VFW until after midnight. I concentrated on school and yearned to start bootlegging again.
 The threat of going to jail for selling illegal coal loomed in the back of my mind like a dark, ominous cloud. But I pushed it deep into the recesses of my thoughts as if it didn't exist. I kept telling myself it could never happen again.
 With only a few more weeks until graduation, I hadn't even thought about taking someone to Prom. At least not until one of the girls in my class asked me. I had known Shelly, a cute brunette, since ninth grade.
 I could never tell her about my bondage to another human being. Reese may have turned her back on me but I had never let go. I'd become a lost soul, unable to move on.
 Trying to let Shelly down easy, I explained how mining would consume all my time. On Prom night, I expected to be loading coal into my car for the next trip over South Mountain. A lot of poor families in New Ringold Valley depended on the anthracite I delivered.
 She managed a smile over her disappointment. "Oh, I thought since you and Reese broke up, well, you know. So, you don't want to go at all? Not with anyone?"
 "Yeah. I just want to keep things simple in my life right now. Listen, you won't have a problem finding someone else for Prom. And I know you'll have a great time."
 I felt chafed with regret. Life strutted by, thumbing its nose at me. Beyond my control.
                                                            ****
 On Saturday morning, I drove the familiar, old route to Kooba's farm. Green mountains dominated the horizon on both sides of the valley and an early summer had started to warm the air.
 His house looked the same with its faded white siding and gray slate roof. Grass had overgrown ruts in the front yard, the only clue that a driveway existed there.
 I pulled in and knocked on the front door, not knowing if friend or enemy would answer. Floorboards creaking inside worked their way toward the front door.
 After a moment of silence, I heard a latch turning and saw a shadowy figure in the entrance. As someone stepped forward, the morning sunlight illuminated Kooba's smiling face.
 "Good Morning, Vance. You look good for someone who's been through hell."
 "Thanks, Kooba. I never thought of it that way. But maybe I do."
 "The Tamaqua Courier had an article about you going before the judge. I apologize for not coming to the court but it would have gone bad for you if they knew we worked together.
 "Back in '56, I spent thirty days in the county jail for trucking bootleg coal to New Jersey. The law does not like us crossing state lines."
 "It doesn't matter. The court let me off easy. They just want me to stay out of trouble for a."
 A loud shot rang out, interrupting my conversation. And an adrenaline rush overwhelmed me as I looked for a safe place.
 Kooba and I both fell to the porch floor and looked back and forth, searching for the direction of gun-fire. My eyes focused on the enemy I had been trying to avoid, coming toward me.
 "Get the hell off our land, you son of a bitch!"
 Anna, red faced and yelling, poked the front end of a double barrel at me like a broom stick. She favored her right arm. A sign, for sure, Anna didn't know anything about shooting the gun. They give quite a kick.
 Kooba leaped off the porch toward her, "Anna, have you lost your mind?"
 "I told him to stay away, Papa. Make him leave."
 Grabbing the shotgun from her, he commanded, "Go to your room, right now."
 She yelled past him, "I warned you, Remke. I warned you."
 After venting her poison, she scurried away, disappearing behind the house.
 He walked toward me, carrying the gun and shaking his head.
 "I think she has become obsessed with you. Please accept my apology."
 "Don't blame yourself, Kooba. I should have called instead of just showing up."
 "Well, we both know why you've come. But so much has changed, Vance. What with claim jumpers and your run-in with the law. And what about school? Won't you graduate soon?"
 "All of that just doesn't matter right now. Bootlegging coal and selling it seem the only things that won't let me down."
 Kooba rubbed his chin, appearing deep in thought. A serious expression on his face.
 "We can check out the mine on Sunday morning while the girls go to church."
 "Okay. I'll see you there by eight."
 It felt so strange, as I headed back home. Anna had tried to shoot me. I should have been afraid but all I felt inside remained this nagging urge to go back up the mountain.
                                                            ****
 Pulling up my driveway, I saw Pop on the front lawn holding his bricklayer's tape measure. Three wooden stakes had been driven into the ground and after careful measuring he started to pound in the fourth with a sledge hammer.
 Walking up behind him, I questioned, "What goes in there?"
 "A trailer. I can't wait any longer. Our damn insurance won't settle until the police submit their findings. And if they prove your mother, well, it'll come out of savings.
 "An outfit down in Allentown promised to deliver a twenty-footer in the next two weeks. At least we'll have hot running water, toilets and a. furnace before winter."
 "What do you plan on doing about the house?"
 "Nothing. It can sit there until forever. I'll let someone else worry about fixing up the hulk."
 I helped him shovel dirt from the rectangular area then he checked it with a level. When he felt satisfied it looked true, I raked the surface of rocks, clods and tamped it firm.
 My forehead glistened under the mid day sun when I finished. We broke for lunch, making baloney and cheese sandwiches. Pop had a beer and I drank soda.
 I had to tell my father about Sunday, so I waited until he downed his meal and lit a cigarette. He pushed back on his chair and inhaled deep, then propelled the smoke high in the air.
 "I'll be checking out the mine tomorrow. If everything goes okay, I plan to start up next week."
 Pop took another drag. After a long silence, he stood up and mashed his smoke in an ash tray.
 "I've tried to be reasonable but this bootlegging thing has a strangle-hold on you. Your mother kept me from saying a lot of things on my mind. But she can't stop me now.
 "You graduate in a few more weeks. Come that time, you have two choices, go to college or join the service. Hear me, boy. In June, you will pick one. If not, I promise to pack your clothes and throw them out on the road.
 "And if you screw up probation, you're on your own."
 Shocked, my senses ground to a halt. I had been drowning in bitterness for so long that my world looked like scorched landscape without hope or future.
 Soon, my life would change. I accepted it.
 "Yeah. I'll make a decision. But not because of you."

Chapter 41
 Route 209 seemed abandoned on Sunday morning as I left Tamaqua and headed for St. Mary's Mountain. To my thinking, most people had already gone to church or slept in.
 I tuned the radio until one of the up-state New York stations came in. Gene Pitney filled the air with a mellow ballad.
 Without warning, a Ford pulled up behind me and rode my bumper. I strained to see who sat behind the wheel but couldn't make anyone out.
 Reaching behind my seat, I grabbed a tire iron and set it next to me. If Ace Borman had the gall to show up, I'd make him sorry.
 I slowed down to forty around the curves and held it there on the straight away. Both hands on the wheel, I looked for a place to pull over.
 The car shot around me like a bullet and continued to speed down the road until it disappeared from sight.
 Could it have been Ace? Maybe, playing a game of hunter and hunted. Until I knew for sure, the tire iron stayed on the front seat.
 As the roadway crept by, my eyes darted left and right, looking for that Ford. I imagined Borman parked in some secluded spot ready to smash into my car, trying to kill me.
 Fifteen minutes later, the Mary-D gas station came into sight. Exhaling a long sigh, I started to think, perhaps, my fears drove me to the brink of paranoia.
 My fuel gauge sat near empty so I pulled up to one of the pumps and filled the tank. Pulling five dollars from my wallet, I headed inside where the attendant operated his cash register.
 "That will be four fifty, young man."
 Handing him my money, I asked, "Have you seen a black '49 or '50 Ford coupe come through here?"
 "Hmmm. Can't say for sure. A lot of cars have been out this morning."
 "Well, I'd sure be interested if you ever did."
 Ringing up my gas, he pushed two quarters across the dirty, top glass of his display case. I pushed them back.
 "Keep the change," I suggested.
 The old man responded, "Check with me next time you come in. If it stops here, I'll let you know."
 "Thanks."
 I started walking to the door.
 "Hey. Young man. I almost forgot. Kooba's old pickup passed by in a hurry for the mountain road about thirty minutes ago. I swear, he almost took the corner out front, on two wheels."
 I left the station and started up the same road. At first, nothing seemed wrong. But as my thoughts wandered, it seemed odd. Kooba favored his beat up truck from the first day we met. He never speeded.
 Following the macadam as it wound through the hills of slag, I parked in the usual place, at the base of the mountain. Kooba must have driven further down the road because I couldn't see his pickup anywhere.
 Ignoring an odd feeling in the pit of my stomach, I slipped on my jacket, grimy with coal silt and grabbed the tool box. Slogging up the worn path we made from our many treks to the mine, memories clicked in my head like pages of a photo album. Most of them good recollections, the first load of coal mined with my own hands, customers who became friends, the wisdom I gained from Kooba about bootlegging and life.
 As I reached the top of St. Marys, something seemed different. The sky, unblemished, filled in a solid blue. Birds chirped and a slight breeze tasseled leaves about, just like they should, on a good day.
 But something in the air, almost unnoticeable, smelled sweet. I must have been downwind of it. Deer had a musky odor and roamed the mountain but not so much in the summer. This scent didn't come from an animal.
 I moved with slow, light steps, looking in every direction. When the diggings came into sight, I scanned the horizon for Kooba. He should have been there, waiting for me. But the camp appeared abandoned.
 The old hoist sat motionless. Fresh rust had started to form on the cable, threading its way down the shaft. A layer of coal dust still covered the ground. A reminder of the three years we cracked anthracite into small pieces with nothing more than a pick hammer.
 Setting my tool box on the ground, I knelt down to open it. As I sorted through the wrenches, a voice behind me, young and angry, sliced the air.
 "Stand up, Vance."
 I obliged the command and turned to face the hostile owner of those words.
 "Ewa?"
 "No. Zofia."
 "Hmmph. I never could tell you two apart."
 "It doesn't make any difference."
 She held a shotgun, muzzle toward the ground, like an extension of her arm.
 "What the hell, Zofia. Do you plan on shooting me?"
 "You had to know this day would come. Anna told you, plenty of times, to back off but you kept dragging Papa back here. She sounds tough but doesn't have the guts to stop you for good."
 "Listen. Listen. You need to think this out. Your father will be here any minute. He'll take a switch to your hide for this."
 "Hah. My father drove Anna to Coaldale Hospital. She came down with, well, a convenient illness. And such good timing on her part, just before Papa planned to meet with you. Mama and Ewa don't know and it'll stay that way.
 "I'll bet he won't come here until tomorrow. By then you'll be sleeping forever at the bottom of the strip mine just over that ridge line. It'll be like you never existed."
 "It won't work, Zofia. The old man at the gas station saw your father's truck this morning. He told me just before I came up here."
 "Yeah? I should have parked my father's truck in Tuscarora and walked through the woods. Thanks for telling me about the guy at Mary-D station. I'll see him on the way out."
 "Jesus Christ. Kill me, then him? You just turned, what, fourteen? I don't believe a word. Now give me that gun."
 As I stepped forward she snapped the safety off and pointed that smoke wagon at my face. Looking at both barrels from the wrong end, an ice cold chill coursed through my body and breathe evaded me.
 "I can bring a pheasant down before it gets two feet off the ground. If you come any closer, I will execute you. Then the surprise will be ruined."
 Staring into her eyes, my voice grated," What? Don't play games with me, girl."
 "Consider this a farewell present. I planned on breaking in and trashing your place, last month, but never got further than the laundry room. Somebody out front started yelling, crazy stuff about ghosts. By accident, I discovered some lighter fluid, torched the laundry and got out of there. It felt good, setting your house on fire. Bet you didn't have the smarts to fig."
 I screamed, at the moment of my insanity. Lunging at her to extract revenge, gripped my brain like a vice.
 My ears filled with a loud explosion, like standing close to a cherry bomb on the Fourth of July.
 It felt weird. When the haze cleared, I saw sky and Zofia, looking down at me. My senses came into focus when I raised my head but couldn't get up. Then all attention turned to the pain coming from my left side. A big circle of wet red seeped through my jacket, heaving up and down with each breath.
 "You lucky son of a bitch, Remke. Look's like it'll take more than a chest full of buckshot to finish you off. I give you credit though, it showed some spunk, trying to take the gun away from me."
 I struggled to reach a hanky from my jacket pocket in a desperate attempt to stop the bleeding. Pushing my hand inside, I found salvation, not from God, but my enemy.
 Zofia looked calm as she raised the stock of the shotgun to her cheek and took aim at my head.
 "Any last words, Remke."
 I struggled to whisper, "Stop. Last chance."
 She chuckled, "I thought you'd beg for mercy. Guess I figured wrong. Goodbye."
 How odd, the trigger had almost no resistance and the shot coming from the muzzle sounded anemic. Not like a real pistol.
 As a small waft of smoke floated skyward, Zofia dropped her shotgun, a startled, unbelieving look on her face. My hand, holding Ace Borman's Derringer, pointed up toward her chest. His pistol, forgotten until now, saved my life.
 She fell, the full weight of her body hitting the black grime with a thud. Zofia laid a few steps away, her face turned toward me. Her eyes open and staring into nothingness. I managed to pull myself within arms length and tried to shake her. Begging Zofia to wake up.
 Buckshot must have penetrated my lung because each breathe seemed more labored. Time lost its importance as visions of Mom, Pop and Reese filled my mind. So much undone yet so weary, a bone deep tired. I welcomed sleep.
                                                            ****
 Noise. Annoying shouting. Someone lifting, jostling me about. Disturbing my peace.
 "Boy. Hey boy. Look at me. Don't close your eyes. Stay awake."
 Trying to speak, I muttered, "Pop? How did you find me?"
 "Mr. Michek called. But we can talk later. Right now, I need to get you off this mountain."
 Grabbing my father's sleeve, I asked, "Zofia?"
 I observed several men kneeling over her limp figure. They seemed frantic, pressing on her chest, checking for a pulse. And Kooba, standing just behind them, a pained, lost expression on his face.
 Pop shook his head, "I don't think she made it."
 As tears slid down my cheek, I grieved, "Zofia set the house on fire, not Mom. Not Mom."
 Seconds later, drifting in and out of a mental haze, I sensed tree limbs brushing against me followed by the wailing of a siren. Somewhere in my nether world, I experienced the ultimate conflict. They carried me into a place with the brightness of a thousand suns. Yet after a nurse prepped me for surgery, everything went black.

Chapter 42
 Blinking, struggling to see; an illuminated white ceiling came into focus. A thick gauzy bandage covered my chest and the sterile backdrop of a hospital ward surrounded me.
 "Vance? Can you hear me?"
 "Mom?"
 With great satisfaction, I recognized my mother standing next to the bed.
 "Thank God. You've been unconscious for the past week."
 "How? How did you get here, Mom?"
 "Your father brought me. I've been at your side every day since the shooting.
 "He never questioned it, when you told him Zofia set the house on fire. He marched into Harrisburg Refuge that afternoon and told the doctors to release me.
 "Several days later, the police confirmed she committed the arson when they matched Zofia's prints to the ones taken off the back door."
 My mother looked haggard and bandages still covered her wrists. A reminder, Mom tried to commit suicide only a few weeks earlier.
 "And Pop? When can I see him?"
 "Oh, he went back to work today, after the doctors took you off the critical list.
 "That poor soul, Mr. Michek, wanted to drop by but they say you can't have visitors yet. He knows what happened, dear. When the hospital couldn't find anything wrong with Anna, he demanded answers.
 "She confessed to cooking up a vile plot with Zofia to get rid of you. Anna sits in Schuylkill County Jail. She's been charged with conspiracy to commit murder.
 "Mr. Michek doesn't blame anyone but himself. You acted in self defense. The police told him, from the angle of entry, you had to be lying on the ground when you shot Zofia."
 I spent the next several days struggling to make sense of it all. Choices made and their consequences. This self examination left me exhausted but determined to make peace with myself and move on. To where, I didn't know. Outside of these mountains? Maybe? But could I just leave everything behind?
 The next day, friends from school and neighbors came to visit. Kooba stopped by after Zofia's funeral with a copy of the church program. We cried together for her short life. No blame, anger or regret. Only sorrow. Before he left, we hugged and promised to keep in touch regarding Anna's trial.
 During the day, I slid out of bed and walked through the ward. My breathing seemed better and the wound started to itch. A sign that I could go home soon.
 Surprises have a way of being uncomfortable events. Nothing prepared me for the sight of Reese walking toward my bed. I felt cold and stiff as she leaned over and kissed me.
 "I don't know what will become of you, Vance Remke. One of your friends told me what happened. I came right away."
 She stroked my unruly brown hair, a wistful look on her face.
 "You look good, Reese."
 "Thanks. What about your wound? Will it heal okay?"
 "Yeah. The doctors say I'll be able to leave in a few more days.
 "Can we talk about us getting back together? Those mountains, I'll never go back. Not after what happened."
 Silence, followed by more silence. She stared at the floor as if deep in thought.
 "Our time has passed, Vance. I've been seeing someone."
 "Who?"
 "A guy from school. You wouldn't know him."
 "Listen, I don't blame you for dating other guys, after we broke up. Looking back, I acted like an idiot. But what about all that's happened between us? We have something special. Nothing will ever change that."
 She sat on the bed and looked at me, her gaze unyielding.
 "You won my heart a long time ago in spite of your restless yearning for danger.
 "And I know the boy in my life will never be you. But he just wants to be a carpenter when he graduates and stay in Tamaqua. I need someone predictable, safe. No matter how hard you might try, you will always be risking your life or future on something."
 I wrapped my arms around her, kissed those sweet lips and told Reese I loved her.
 She kissed me back, not a peck but the kind of intimacy between two people who share a soul.
 Wiping at the tears from her sad eyes, she whispered, "And I will always love you."
 She slid off the bed, held my hand for a moment and without another word, walked out of my life. It seemed like neither one of us had the will to say goodbye.
 I wanted to scream, plead, beg for her to come back but the harsh reality of her words came home to me.

Chapter 43
 Several days later, I walked out of Coaldale Hospital into the warm air and took a deep breath. Some pain still aggravated my lung but I forced it aside as my father pulled his station-wagon up to the curb.
 Opening the door, I glided into the passenger's seat, careful not to make any quick moves.
 "Your mother wanted to come but she decided to fix lunch for us instead."
 "That'll be nice, just the three of us. Like it used to be."
 Pop drove the short distance through city streets to Route 209 and turned left, headed for Tamaqua.
 For the first time, I scanned the horizon with different eyes. The slag heaps and coal pocked mountains no longer held any fascination for me. I felt lost with nothing connecting me to this place except those poor souls who bought my coal. They would always be in my heart.
 As I pondered all the events that brought me here, my father broke his silence.
 "Someone at the police station called. They said you might be interested to hear, your tip led to the arrest of Ace Borman. The cops found him hiding at his parent's house on a weekend, just like you said.
 "They booked him on hit and run charges as well as the rape of a school girl. Maybe you know her, Cassie Hanks?"
 I sighed, "Yeah. I do. Good. At least he won't hurt anyone else."
 "We need to discuss your friend, Mr. Michek. He and I had a long talk about what happened. You faced a terrible choice. Zofia died so you could live. Yet he holds you in high regard even after the pain of losing his daughter.
 "I've learned that a bootlegger can be an honorable, straight up man. He doesn't want you to fester over what happened and I agree with him."
 "Pop, how can I ever forget Zofia and the mine? Memories haunt me every waking moment. Just the sight of these mountains, remind me of all the pain I've seen over the last few years.
 "Every thought in my head says to leave this place so I've decided to join the Army. Can we stop by the recruiter's office on the way home?"
 He consoled, "Sure - son."
 As we entered the town limits, I looked at my father and one more time imagined him in his soldier's uniform. A handsome, young man with blond hair and a thirty eight pistol strapped to his hip.
                                                            ****
 Pop and I arrived at the old rental several hours later. Mom hugged me and kissed my cheek. It had been a long time since I noticed her so happy.
 We sat around the card table while Mom served her favorite, pot roast, boiled potatoes and green beans. Most times, she made the roast for dinner but not today. This lunch celebrated a coming home for all of us.
 Pop talked about the new trailer which would be delivered in a few days and Mom boasted of planting Geraniums in the front yard.
 After lunch, my father headed back to work. Mom and I washed dishes and cleaned the kitchen.
 Later, we stepped outside to the front yard and sat on the swing. As we rocked back and forth, in that quiet moment, I told her about my trip to the recruiter.
 She turned toward me and reached out to touch my cheek.
 "I knew you would leave someday, just like your brothers. How long do you have?"
 "They gave me a week to put my affairs in order. Pop wouldn't let me sign any papers. At least not until the recruiter straightened away concerns about my bootlegging probation.
 "I'll visit Mrs. Delk tomorrow and see if she can drop by in the mornings, just like before. You have Pop's phone number at work. Anything else you can think of?"
 "I'll wash and pack some clothes for you, dear."
 "Thanks, Mom."
 I scanned the horizon over South Mountain and lamented, "That mountain has been there as long as I can remember. It towers over the valley, unchanging, observing the good and bad in people's lives. I wonder if it knows how much my life has changed."
 She patted my shoulder, pushed the swing back and forth and proclaimed, "Let's go visit Aunt Cleona."
 I nodded, knowing she had just slipped away from me. Losing my mother again to a fantasy world of her own making. There would not be a trip to visit Aunt Cleona, except in her mind. I suspended my own reality to join her on the road to Cumberland and pushed the swing a little harder.
 "Okay. Okay. But I'll drive."
                                                            END