
Misfit Toys
by JC Doan
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously and are not to be construed as real. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, organizations, or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. Cover by germancreative.

Copyright© 2022

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced electronically or in print without written permission.
Dedication

Long live the Survivors’ Club.  
Chapter One

“Suspenders and porn. Now, there’s two words you never think you’ll use together.”
“Sure,” Hailey remarked, not bothering to glance up from the inch-thick stack of papers she was grading. Then she paused as the words sank in. “Wait. What?”
Her grandmother lowered the binoculars just long enough to deliver a stern look over her bony shoulder. “You should see what that man is doing over there, Hailey Marie.”
“What? What’s he doing?” Instead of chastising her grandma for spying on the new neighbor again, she dumped the clipboard and pile of essays on the couch. Suspenders and porn? “Let me see.”
Grandma passed the binoculars over. “Okay, but it’s ugly.”
The man in the house next door was naked except for a pair of Minions underwear held up by bright green suspenders. And Gran was right. He was watching a dirty movie. 
“Oh. My. God.”
“And they say nothing ever happens in Ohio.” Grandma made a grab for the binoculars. “It’s always the lesbians. I saw a whole thing about that on Donahue. Men love lesbians.”
Hailey snatched them back, then tossed them onto the couch. “Stop spying on the neighbors. It’s bad for business.”
“Is not. Beauty shops run on gossip. And business is booming ever since that one moved in next door.” Gran fluffed hair that, with a little help from a bottle in recent years, was almost as dark as Hailey’s. “If you need me, I’ll be in my room.” Where she undoubtedly had stashed a second pair of binoculars.
Hailey just shook her head and settled back onto the sofa before moving to the next essay in the pile. It took all of thirty seconds to check off every question on both sides of the page. 
Accepting a long-term assignment at Villa Grove Junior High had seemed like a good idea back in January. Four months covering a sixth grade English teacher’s maternity leave? Piece of cake. Hailey had been an English Lit major. Granted, college had been a few years ago, but things hadn’t changed that much. And while she’d loved spending the past seven years subbing full time, lately the constant sea of new faces and last-minute schedule changes had begun to wear on her. 
Three and a half months ago, Villa Grove had been a perfect opportunity for a much-needed breath of fresh air. A sound decision, one even her older sister, Treva, had supported. Talk about a shock. Treva was thirty-three—only a year older than Hailey—going on sixty and showed no signs of easing up anytime soon. Hailey couldn’t remember the last time her sister had offered praise instead of criticism. Really, Hailey? A substitute? Isn’t that for college kids and retirees? I know you dropped out of college, but still. You need to go back, you know. To school. Unless you actually want to live with Gran for the rest of your life. Speaking of Gran, how is she?
The only move Treva had fully backed within recent memory was Hailey’s decision to get rid of Michael, but that wasn’t saying much. Not even Treva could support staying with a man who’d been screwing around with his girlfriend’s younger sister.
Gran thought she’d had it rough dealing with one sister. Hah. Try living with Treva and Maddie. Hailey marked the page with a bold red zero before flipping it to the bottom of the stack. She was running on black coffee and nerves and was tempted to put off grading the rest of the essays until later that night, maybe even tomorrow during plan period. But considering that, at the moment, her options for entertainment were either window peeping or thinking about the day she’d come home from junior year finals to find Maddie in bed with Michael...
Hailey turned back to the essays, mentally bracing herself when she spotted the name at the top of the page. Dylan. 
Question one: Where do you see yourself in five years? In ten? Dylan had scrawled Happy wife, happy life on the line below the question. 
How did the speaker inspire you today?
His response? Keep slangin bro.
Hailey sighed. “Career day is a bitch.”
****
The twelve-year-old boy holding the newly sharpened pencil to his own throat wasn’t the worst thing to happen that week in room 209. In fact, it wouldn’t even have made the top five in the chaos that was Mrs. Clementes’s sixth grade English class. 
Hailey blamed the flamingos. The classroom was filled with them: flamingo clocks, stuffed animals, and a desk that was littered with the pink paraphernalia. None of which could be mentally healthy for a roomful of pre-teens. She edged closer to the boy, careful to keep her eyes locked on his and block out the whispers and stares of the other students. She barely noticed the sporadic lightning streaks firing in the sky, just outside the windows of their classroom.
“Tyler, come on, let’s talk about this.” Soft voice, non-threatening. The effort was rendered mostly useless by a boom of thunder. 
“No.” But this time, he lacked the conviction of a few minutes ago, when Rachel Lowe had rolled her eyes and thrown his note away at the start of second period.
Another tentative step. “You’re young. You have your whole life ahead of you.”
Tyler’s blue eyes took on a hard glint, and his grip steadied on the Ticonderoga number two. “Bullshit. I’m going to die alone.”
Die alone? You are twelve years old. Sweet baby Jesus, why did I agree to sub for this class? The point of the pencil dug into Tyler’s skin, narrowly missing a huge pimple just below the space where neck met cheek. Hailey froze, then lifted her hands. “Okay. Okay.”
Rachel stood up so fast she knocked her chair over. “Tyler, wait! I’ll go out with you.”
Hailey frowned. “You will not.” Then, “Tyler, you can’t just—” 
“You’re just saying that because you feel sorry for me,” he accused. 
“I’m not! I swear I’m not.” Rachel worried the pink strands in her black hair as she pleaded with him. The rest of the class held their breath as they took in the scene unfolding before them. Outside, the sky finally opened up, and rain began to come down in heavy gray sheets. 
The pencil pushed deeper, and when Hailey could no longer see the lead tip, she ditched diplomacy and jumped over the flamingo-print bean bag calm-down chair. Tyler panicked. He immediately dropped the pencil and ducked his head, using his branch-like arms as a shield and looking for all the world like he was about to be attacked, not saved. 
Then all hell broke loose. 
Chapter Two

“Riot!” a boy shouted.
What looked suspiciously like a hot-pink, flamingo-shaped metal stapler whizzed by Hailey’s head. It missed her by a mile, if she had even been its intended target, and hit the large window beside the chalkboard. Glass exploded, sending shards mostly outward to the sidewalk far below and leaving a jagged hole in the window frame. Warm wind and pelting rain quickly filled the space. Loose papers swirled in the breeze created by the storm. And over the noise of all that, thirty simultaneous voices, one of which yelled, “Tornado!” The announcement was quickly followed by screams and stampeding feet as several of her students began to flee. 
Hailey should have been shocked at the fact the room was spinning out of control around her. But not much about room 209 or its tween occupants surprised her anymore. Wild Things meets Shakespeare, with a side of Days of Our Lives. Yeah, what else was new? She stood front and center and planted both fists on her hips. “Everybody freeze.” 
Her teacher voice, honed to perfection in the trenches of middle schools all over Auglaize County, turned the words into a command that would be followed, or else. Two kids who’d been in the process of jumping ship halted in the doorway, backs going straight. 
“There is no tornado,” Hailey continued, hoping her tone carried out into the hall, where the majority of her class had disappeared to. The storm began to dissipate, dying down almost as quickly as it had come, just another Midwestern late morning pop-up shower. The damage was done, though. Most of her students were probably halfway to the office already, or in other classrooms, maybe even hunkered down in the bathrooms at the other end of the hall. She motioned for the handful of kids who were actually in the room to reclaim their assigned seats even as the hall began to fill with confused students and concerned fellow teachers.
“We aren’t having a tornado. Look,” Hailey insisted once Rachel crawled out from under Tyler’s desk and peeked up at her through the now messy strands of neon-colored bangs. “See? It was just a storm,” Hailey said before picking up the classroom telephone and calling the front office to let the school secretary know there was a broken window in her classroom but no injuries—and that she needed a janitor. And an assistant principal to round up her lost flock. 
“But the window—” Stacey began as soon as Hailey ended the call. The girl stepped out from where she’d been crouched beside a slate-gray shelving unit. Her fellow student and Villa Grove Gazette writer, Allison, remained kneeling on the floor, scribbling in her ever-present legal pad, probably recording the events for the school paper. Fabulous. Just fabulous. 
“But that window—” Stacey said again. 
“Was the flamingo stapler being launched through it,” Hailey finished grimly. “And Dylan is going to the office when I find him.” 
“Oh.” Stacey’s shoulders slumped. “There really wasn’t a tornado.” She sounded disappointed as she and Rachel and several other students disregarded Hailey’s earlier instructions to take their seats. Instead, the small group crowded around the two windows that weren’t broken. 
“Nope,” Hailey said as she came up behind them. “The clouds are even gone now.” A thin layer of mist hung over the city, and in the distance, a bright rainbow arced across the highway that separated the north and south parts of town. 
Rachel smiled. “Tyler, come see this.” 
The room was silent, save for the muted scrape of a chair on threadbare carpet. A minute later, Tyler—looking borderline embarrassed—stood shoulder-to-shoulder with Ethan and Rachel. Hailey walked briskly to her own desk, sidestepping bits of glass and wet spots where the rain had blown in through the broken window. Neighboring teachers, following the trail of chaos, were now rushing into the room. Mrs. Lyndstrom, the school secretary, wasn’t far behind. She stared in shock at Hailey and stammered, “Ms. Jones, what on earth…” Mrs. Lyndstrom paused, tugging on the hem of her tight sweater and looking overwhelmed. But she recovered quickly and said, “I’ll stay with your class. You have a phone call in the office. It’s your grandmother.” 
And just like that, Hailey knew that her day was about to get a whole lot worse. 
The principal was already giving her a stern look by the time she made it downstairs to the office and picked up the phone. One that clearly said we are going to talk later. “Gran,” she said, lowering her voice a fraction and choosing to ignore Mrs. Presley for the moment. “What’s wrong?” 
There was nothing but silence on the other end of the line, a quiet that stretched for so long Hailey almost thought Gran had hung up. But finally, “Hailey, it’s your sister. Maddie has been arrested. Her neighbor just called.”
 “Maddie? Arrested?” Hailey echoed, bracing one hand on the secretary’s padded chair. “For what?” 
“Murder. She’s been arrested for murder.”
**** 
Hailey sat on the bench until the ice had melted in her cherry slushy. Until the heat from the aluminum had seeped through her pinstripe pants and she was in real danger of not making it back to class on time. Today, she didn’t care. A lunch break was the last thing she’d expected to get from Mrs. Presley. She had expected to be shown the door earlier, to have her assignment terminated after the fiasco with the broken window and the students running amok that morning.
But, after the phone call with her grandmother, Hailey had turned to Mrs. Presley only to be waved away and instructed to return to her classroom. She’d been granted a stay of execution until classes ended that day at three, at which time, she would likely be fired. So she took the lunch break as soon as 11:30 rolled around, bypassing the cafeteria in favor of the parking lot and her car even though leaving campus was frowned upon. She picked up a sandwich and a drink from a gas station on her way to the park. Not because she actually thought she could stomach any food at the moment. But she had needed the break. She still needed … something. A do-over and maybe a good stiff drink topped the list. 
She chugged the sugar-rush of a slushy instead. She was probably going to be late. She was definitely going to be fired. Losing control of her classroom the way she had this morning was bad enough without compounding that sin by being late twice in one month. The first time had been after she’d gotten stuck chauffeuring Gran and all her friends from one bingo hall to the next in a rented fifteen-passenger van and overslept the next morning. The second time would be today in about nine minutes, she decided, glancing down at her cell phone. 
And why was she even stressing over her problems—was never darkening the doorway of Villa Grove Junior High ever again actually a problem, anyway?—when her little sister was sitting in a jail cell and staring down twenty-two to life for allegedly offing her latest boyfriend. Compared to that, Hailey’s job loss seemed totally inconsequential. Her phone screen went dark but almost immediately lit back up, showing an incoming call from Treva. She clicked ignore and set her phone down on the bench, then wrapped both hands around her slushy and stared off into the distance. 
Hailey had already made it through one more call from Gran and two from Treva. “Are you really surprised, Hailey? I always knew Maddie would snap one day.” 
Then there had been the text message from Mrs. Presley’s secretary, reminding her that they still needed to talk before she left for the day.
****  
Hailey rubbed the space between her eyes, on autopilot as she navigated the light traffic. She may not have gotten the ax—mostly, she suspected, because nobody else wanted to be overseer of Mrs. Clementes’s flamingo hell—but after today, she was sure to be legendary. Or maybe notorious was a more accurate term. News of the fake tornado and flamingo stapler incident had spread through the tween grapevine with astonishing speed. The story had gotten more distorted with each re-telling. 
At last count, and by the end of the school day, no less, rumor had it that one of Hailey’s students—no one was really sure which one—had been caught with a gun, which Hailey had failed to successfully wrestle away from said student, resulting in a window being blown out. Public opinion was evenly split between Hailey being massively incompetent and the coolest sub ever. On the upside, Hailey figured the student body would be set straight when the full account of her day of woe was published in the Villa Grove Gazette, thanks to the detailed reporting of Stacey and Allison. 
She made a concerted effort not to dwell on that during the rest of her drive home. Of course, that meant the mess her sister had landed herself in was shoved front and center in her mind. Maddie. Former captain of her high school dance squad, fake-as-hell perpetual “good girl,” voted most likely to succeed, even after getting pregnant at fifteen—nobody could schmooze and bullshit people like her little sister—had been arrested for murder. Hailey couldn’t believe it. Tax evasion or a drunken bar fight, she could have believed. Maddie was thirty now and a long way from the perky redheaded cheerleader she’d once been. 
Hailey hadn’t seen or spoken to her in seven years, but some of the veneer was bound to have worn thin with age to expose the person her sister really was deep inside, someone who was an expert at manipulating other people. But murder? No. No way. She couldn’t picture it, even though Treva had no problem making that mental leap. To the best of Hailey’s knowledge, Treva hadn’t talked to Maddie in nearly a decade, either. The only person in the family Maddie had kept in touch with since moving to Alabama with her daughter was Gran. Besides their great-aunt, of course. Gran’s lifelong feud with her own sister, Maisy, had made the woman not only willing but eager to take in Maddie and Violet. In less than two years, Maisy had died of cancer and left Maddie her house. 
Forty minutes later, Hailey turned into the ultra-wide driveway that was Shear Madness’s parking lot and shut the car off. She grabbed her purse and headed inside after entertaining only brief fantasies of hiding in the car for the rest of the night. The headache that pulsed behind her burning eyes increased two-fold the minute she stepped through the front door. Every light in the house had been left on, a virtual beacon in the night that spoke volumes about her grandmother’s mental state. Not good. Gran was in plan mode. Hailey checked the kitchen first, switching off Tiffany lamps as she went, then grabbing a sticky cinnamon bun from a platter in the center of the kitchen table. “Gran?” she called out around a mouthful. 
“In the bedroom,” Gran called from the back of the house. 
Hailey polished off the cinnamon bun as she made her way down the hall toward the bedrooms. She stopped long enough to wash her hands in the bathroom and pop a couple of Tylenol from the medicine cabinet, washing the pills down with tap water from the sink. 
“Hey,” she said a minute later, leaning against the doorframe to her grandmother’s bedroom, not seeing her, but craning her neck toward the attached master bathroom and walk-in closet. “I’m home.”
In answer, two loud thumps echoed from the closet. Then her grandmother appeared carrying a large suitcase, which she promptly tossed onto her bed. 
“Gran…”
“I need you to call the airport, Hailey.” She popped the latches on either side of the suitcase. “I don’t even know what the weather is supposed to be in Alabama this week.”
Hailey straightened from the doorway, walking full-on into the room. “This week?”
Gran nodded without looking at her, tossing a random mix of skirts, pants, and blouses into the open suitcase in the center of the bed. “Tomorrow, if possible. We need to leave as soon as possible. Unless you want to drive, but I hate driving this time of year, don’t you? So much traffic with the kids almost being out of school for summer break. It starts earlier and earlier every year,” she rambled, her back to Hailey now as she stood in front of the dresser. Bras and hosiery were tossed over her shoulder, some of which landed in the suitcase, most of which did not. 
Hailey strode across the room and put both hands on her grandmother’s shoulders, gently turning her around. “Grandma. Stop. Please. What’s going on?”
Gran froze, her fingers twisting in the satin fabric of a girdle before she exhaled and the fervent light left her eyes. Hailey let go and, with a sigh, Gran tossed the garment onto the bed and sank to the mattress. Hailey perched beside her at the other end and began tidying the suitcase.
Gran took her glasses off and rubbed tired eyes. “I’m sorry. How was your day, Hailey Marie? Have you eaten yet?”
“It was … fine. Why am I booking a flight for tomorrow?”
Gran sent her a warning look. “Your sister needs me. She needs you, too. Of course, we have to go down there.”
Debatable. Maddie had never needed Hailey, or Treva for that matter. She did need Gran right now, though, but the plan they’d discussed earlier had been for them to fly out next week, in order to avoid canceling their upcoming Shear Madness clients and also to give Mrs. Presley enough time to arrange another substitute for Mrs. Clementes’s classroom for the remaining two weeks of the school year. “I know that,” she said, pretending not to see the admonition in Gran’s eyes. Hailey would fulfill the obligation to her family, but she refused to feel guilty for not being overly sympathetic to her sister’s current plight. Maddie had cut Hailey out of her and Violet’s life a long time ago. But instead of bringing up ancient history, or pointing out that her sister and her niece were practically strangers to her now, all she said was, “Why are we moving up our timeline? I thought Maddie’s neighbor said Violet’s dad was coming to stay with her.”
“He was supposed to,” she said with a disgusted sigh. “He called this afternoon and said he can’t make it now. He can’t come get Violet until Christmas, he says.”
“Christmas? That’s ridiculous.”
Gran snorted. “That’s Scott. He’s never done anything for Maddie and barely acknowledges Violet. Are you really surprised?”
“I guess not. But what about the business? What about my job?”
“This is important,” Gran said quietly, looking older than her seventy-three years.
Hailey hung her head, recognizing a losing battle when she saw one. And really, she wasn’t surprised. This was not the first time Maddie had upended everyone’s life, although it was arguably the worst. “Fine. I’ll book the flight.”
Gran closed her eyes for several beats. When she reopened them, they glittered with moisture. “Thank you, Hailey. You’re a good girl.”
Hailey nodded before getting up to leave the room. At the door, she paused. “This is not your fault, Gran.”
Silence. Then, “I raised her.”
Gran had raised all three of her granddaughters after her son and daughter-in-law had died in a car accident coming home from the grocery store. Hailey had been barely ten years old at the time and remembered thinking her world had just ended. But Gran, for all her wild ways, had stepped up and taken excellent care of her and Treva and Maddie. At times, colorful … interesting, but excellent. 
“No,” Hailey said, turning to go. “Maddie makes her own choices. She always has.”
Chapter Three

The house still smelled like Chanel Number Five and Jose Cuervo when Hailey got up the next morning. She lay in bed until she couldn’t stand it any longer, half afraid of what she might find in the living room. Gran’s friends were a rowdy bunch. It had been barely six o’clock when Margie, Mable, Linda, Gertrude, Norma, and Helen descended upon Shear Madness, having decided that Gran needed a little liquid courage to get her through the week. They called themselves the Survivors’ Club, but as far as Hailey could tell, most of the remaining members of the class of ’63 were doing their level best to kill themselves. 
She flipped the switch for the bathroom light, relieved when the fluorescent bulbs didn’t reveal any old ladies passed out in the bathtub or curled around the base of the toilet. The sound of water splashing against the porcelain bowl of the sink was unnaturally loud against the backdrop of a silent house. Hmm. That was new. Normally, the hangovers would have been going strong this late into the morning. 
Going strong—something Hailey was not at the moment. Between packing for today’s flight and talking to her boss, then Treva, then verbally sparring with her niece—who had told her in no uncertain terms that she didn’t need a babysitter—Hailey hadn’t even attempted to sleep before midnight. A pointless task anyway, between the neighbor’s barking terrier and Grandmas Gone Wild. She spared the queen-sized, pillow-top bed a longing glance before turning to face the window and squinting into the too-bright sunshine that blasted the bedroom. A warm, mid-May morning waited, and there was a lot to do before their flight was due to leave at two thirty that afternoon. 
Then again, she was exhausted. What could it hurt to go back to bed for an hour? If she set her alarm, there would still be plenty of time to scrape Gran off the floor and into a pair of control-top pantyhose and a dress in time to get to the airport. Where they would fly nonstop to Alabama to retrieve her little sister Maddie’s very pissed off, ungrateful offspring. 
“It’s only two weeks.” She sighed as her head hit the pillow, some of the pent-up tension in her neck and shoulders releasing. Then it was Treva’s problem for a while. Her third phone call last night, after her boss and the airport, had been to Treva. Her sister had reluctantly agreed to take her turn housing their niece as soon as her—probably imaginary—business trip was over. 
Bang. 
Bang, bang, bang. Chime. 
No. Hailey was tempted to burrow deeper into the pillow and ignore the intrusion. She wasn’t expecting anyone, and with the way her week was going, she didn’t care who was at the front door at this point. Let one of the Golden Girls get it. Guarantee it’s more of the same. Stress and bullshit. 
Her unknown visitor continued the same insistent pattern, bang-bang-chime, for two or three more minutes before Hailey took a deep breath and got up, deciding whoever was out there wasn’t going away anytime soon. She stomped her way to the front door. Fluffy pinkish-tan carpet muffled the force of each step, making her approach virtually silent, but that didn’t take any of the sting from her greeting. She wrenched the door open, ready for a confrontation, only to pause in the doorway and blink owlishly at her next door neighbor. 
Suspenders—as she and Gran had taken to calling him, privately—coolly stared her down from the other side of the threshold. One finger hovered an inch from the doorbell. Steam from an overnight thunderstorm rose in thin wisps from warm, wet patches on the sidewalk behind him. It melded with the bright sunlight to give the quiet neighborhood an otherworldly glow. 
Words like ethereal and heavenly came to mind. Except Hailey’s life was going straight to hell as of late, and the man scowling down at her looked more demon than angel. An odd-looking kind of demonic, to be sure, Hailey decided, taking in the Mr. Rogers-meets-Hell’s Angels vibe her neighbor was rocking. Spiked, jet-black hair, wire-frame glasses, tattoos—full sleeves on both arms—and the ever-present suspenders and loafers, both of which were tan leather today, no bright colors like he usually wore. Her gaze dipped lower, just for a moment, and it was impossible not to wonder what kind of underpants he had on beneath his army-green trousers. So far, Gran, the Survivors’ Club, and several beauty shop regulars had documented Minions, Tweety Bird, man thongs, and something they called “the banana hammock,” whatever that even was. 
“Can I help you?” she asked, tailoring her tone to match his frosty stare.
“Where is she?” 
His voice was deep, not really what Hailey would have expected. The Devil’s Sock Puppet was proving to be a study in contradiction. “Who?”
“The old woman.”
“Oh, God, what now?” Hailey shoved her hair off her forehead and leaned against the doorframe, suddenly weary. If she shut the door and went back to bed, would he go away? Doubtful. But he did look surprised at her reaction, and he seemed to lose some of that hard edge. 
“Excuse me?” Suspenders said, squinting his dark eyes as if trying to decide how much Hailey knew about whatever it was that had his kinky panties in a wad this morning. 
“You’re looking for my grandma or one of her friends, I take it. Well, aren’t you?” she prompted, even though she hadn’t given him a chance to reply. 
“They do this kind of stuff all the time?” he asked incredulously. 
“That depends. But probably, yes. What happened?”
In answer, he pointed to the wide swath of lawn that separated his split-level house from Shear Madness. 
“Is that a tripod?” Hailey asked. Oh, Gran, why? Really? “And is that—”
“An empty champagne bottle?” Suspenders finished grimly, then nodded. “I caught them peeping in my bedroom window around three in the morning. They ran off, and I thought that was the end of it. Then I go take Mudgens out this morning and find all this crap.” He plowed a hand through his own hair, but, unlike Hailey’s soft, sleep-tousled locks, his, stiff with gel, barely moved. 
“I’m … sorry?” Hailey said, at a loss. 
“Where is she?”
“What are you going to do?” she countered, the question holding more curiosity than challenge. Gran could hold her own. But Hailey didn’t blame this guy for being miffed, and she had no clue what standard protocol was for videotaping your neighbor. And… “Who or what is Mudgens?” she queried as an afterthought. 
“My dog.”
“Oh. So, what are you going to do with Gran when you find her?”
He folded arms thick with muscle—for a relatively thin man—over his chest and simply replied, “What do you think I should do?” He leaned forward, arms still clenched around his midsection, getting angry all over again and coming this close to invading Hailey’s personal space. 
She pursed her lips, pretending to give the question great consideration. “I think you should do the honorable thing and marry her.”
He practically growled, “That’s not funny.”
Hailey sighed, growing tired of the back-and-forth at too-early-o’clock in the morning. “I don’t know where she is. I’ll speak to her about this when she gets home, though, okay?”
He shook his head. “Not good enough.”
“Fine. Then what do you suggest I do about it?” she demanded, struggling to tamp down fresh irritation as her dreams of a nap, or at least hot coffee and a stress-free morning, disintegrated before her eyes. 
“I want you to get the Hugh Hefner studio off my grass.”
“Done,” she begrudgingly agreed as she started off the porch in her bare feet and short-shorts.
Suspenders’s arm shot out to block her path. “Hold on. I’m not done yet.”
Hailey’s left eye began to twitch. “Go on.”
He leaned in so close she could practically taste the coffee on his breath. “I want you people to stop spying on me.” 
That pretty much went without saying. “I have never spied on you.” Not technically true, but it was hard to look away from a train wreck. 
He waved a hand and scoffed like he didn’t believe her but didn’t much care anyway. Clearly, he’d found her guilty by association. Which, she sort of was. For the spying. The rest, specifically whatever brand of crazy had gone on last night, Hailey refused to take credit for. But, as usual, there was no one else around to pick up the pieces. Literally. 
Resigned, she crossed the lawn and snatched the recording gear and bottle up, then turned to face him. “Look, I apologize. I know my grandma and her friends can get a little rowdy—”
“A little? Ha!”
“But maybe it would help if you, you know, closed your blinds once in a while, especially if you’re going to do something you don’t want the whole world to see. We’re running a business over here, and our lobby, sitting room, and two bedrooms face your house. It’s kinda hard not to look is all I’m saying.”
“What I do in my own house is my business. Or it was,” he muttered darkly, zeroing in on Hailey once again, “until Meryl Streep decided to make a porno. I want that tape back.”
She bit the inside of her cheek to keep the words—and the sudden, insane urge to giggle—at bay. “I’ll see what I can do,” she promised, shaking her head and using her hip to bump the door closed behind her. 
She carried her bundle to the kitchen and dumped both items on the table so she could make coffee. Only when she had an extra-large mug in hand, heavy on cream and sugar, did she take the time to inspect the paraphernalia from the Survivors’ Club’s latest episode of debauchery and sketchy decisions. Coral-pink lipstick smudged the rim of the bottle. A delicate, torn scrap of black lace clung to one of the tripod’s aluminum legs. 
Hailey continued to sip her coffee, once again beyond surprise. 
“Bottoms up, ladies.”
Chapter Four

Finding Gran took longer than Hailey thought. She had expected her to come stumbling in by ten at the latest. By eleven, she was already doing some quick mental calculations. Flats instead of heels. Jeans in place of her grandmother’s favorite hot-pink, flowered dress and her not-so-favorite pantyhose. And maybe, just maybe, she had a shot at getting them to the airport on time. When noon came and went, and calls to all of Gran’s friends went unanswered as well, she admitted defeat. Even if Gran made it home within the next ten seconds and jumped in the car stark naked without bothering to bring the luggage they had painstakingly—okay, hastily, of the randomly-tossed-crap-in-a-bag variety packed—they would still miss the plane. 
She was also starting to get worried. It wasn’t like Gran to blow off something this important. She could tie one on with the best of them, no doubt about that, but she was also responsible to a fault in several areas of her life. Her business being first and foremost. She had built Shear Madness from the ground up and taken a chance when small businesses were going out of business left and right. 
She’d worked at a salon downtown for less than five years before deciding to strike out on her own. The first year, she hadn’t even made enough money to pay the rent on the small office space she’d leased downtown on the square. So, Shear Madness had operated out of their ranch home on the corner of Fifth and Elm ever since. And Gran had been right to follow her dreams. Business was booming, with every year better than the one before it. Her only regret was that none of her granddaughters had inherited her gift with hair and makeup. There would be no one to pass the business down to when that time finally came. 
Which brought Hailey to the second area where Gran was responsible to a fault. Her family. She was always there when any of her brood needed her. Even those who may not have liked her method, or her mouth, had to admire her spirit and determination. It had been Gran who’d taken Hailey under her wing years ago, even before her parents’ death. As far back as Hailey could remember, her parents had been too busy keeping up with Treva and putting out fires for Maddie to pay much attention to the quieter, calmer Hailey who, at that age, had been painfully shy and awkward. Isolated, except for Gran. Which was why Hailey very much feared that something was wrong. Her grandmother wouldn’t ghost her like this. She paced the kitchen floor and tried to stay calm. Gran was in good health, but what if something had happened? She worked a hand across her dark hair, wiping tiny droplets of sweat from her forehead as she debated what her next move should be. Call the hospitals and, God forbid, the jail. Cops tended to avoid bringing in the elderly, but Gran liked to push the envelope, and Hailey knew it was only a matter of time. Still, she’d start with the hospitals. 
Before she could do anything beyond reach for the phone, however, Treva called. 
****
A light rain was beginning to fall by the time she made it across town to Treva and Kevin’s place. She could see the body on the grass from clear down the block. A lone figure stood silhouetted in the doorway of the two-story brick and white-sided house. Treva closed the front door quietly behind herself as Hailey barreled into the driveway. 
“Oh, what in hell,” Hailey said as she threw the SUV into park. 
Her sister hurried down the front porch steps, dark brown ponytail bouncing. She was dressed in yoga pants and a mauve tank top, and she kept casting glances over her shoulder, at the house.
Underneath the maple tree in the front yard, next to the immaculately manicured bed of begonias and marigolds that trimmed the base of the tree, was Gran. She lay face-up and motionless, although Hailey was somewhat reassured when a hard stare revealed the rise and fall of her chest. Hailey climbed out of her SUV and slammed the door extra hard, but still Gran didn’t move. Treva shot her a look and held a finger to her lips, meeting her halfway until they stood over their grandmother.
“How long were you going to let her just lie here?” Hailey demanded.
Treva opened her mouth to say something, then closed it with a snap and pressed her lips into a thin line and arched an eyebrow at Hailey. “Well, it looks like you weren’t keeping a very good eye on her.”
“I’m not her keeper, Treva. How long has she even been here?”
“God knows.” Treva peered cautiously around at the neighboring houses. Thankfully, it looked like the rain was doing a good job keeping everyone indoors. “All I know is she was like that when I came out to go to Pilates class. Which, by the way, I am late for.”
 That was so typical of her older sister to act like she was the only one with a problem. Hell. What Hailey wouldn’t give to have Treva’s problems. “She’s obviously drunk,” Treva was saying now. “Were you watching her last night at all?” she said again. “You had to know she’d be upset, with everything going on.” 
Hailey took a deep breath, attempting to slow the temper that was building steadily. “Sorry, I didn’t realize it was my night to babysit her,” she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm that flew completely over her sister’s head. 
Treva waved the comment away. “Never mind that. Just get her off my lawn before someone sees her.” 
Hailey put her hands on her slim hips. “Oh, come on, Treevs, you and Kevin have been married for how long? You might as well stop trying to shield him from the family. He already knows how Gran can be. And you’ve been living here long enough that your neighbors probably do, too. If you want her off your lawn so bad, then keep your two cents to yourself and help me get her up,” Hailey snapped, having had quite enough of her sister’s attitude for one day. That was the problem with Treva. Her digs tended to build up until the people around her exploded. At least, it had always been that way with Hailey—and to a point with Maddie, although Maddie and Treva had never been close.
“Well, my God, Hailey, you live there for free. Rent free. I assumed that you were there to help her out.” Her tone, along with her look and entire demeanor, was condescending. Again, classic Treva. 
“I do not live with her rent free. Not that it’s any of your business. And you know what? I am really not in the mood this week, Treva. Unlike you, I actually have real problems to deal with. Today. Starting with the fact that we are missing our flight as we speak. So, God forbid you miss out on yoga today.” 
“Pilates,” she corrected. “And I’ve missed out on a lot for you, so don’t start with me.” 
“Well, you know who is not missing out this week? Me.” Hailey and Treva leaned over their grandmother’s body, squaring off. 
“Hey, she’s my sister, too.” 
“Good. Then you can go get her daughter, and you can deal with Gran and with all the phone calls, and you can raise her kid if this all goes south.” 
This gave Treva pause, but only for a moment. “I have to work, Hailey. I’ve already explained this to you. I run an entire office. I can’t just take off whenever I want.” 
“How dare you—”
“My God, do the two of you ever stop fighting?” This from Gran, who had finally woken. She sat up unassisted and blinked groggily, wiping stray droplets of rainwater from her face and clothing. 
“Grandma, what are you doing? How did you end up here? Do you know what time it is?”
“Forget what time it is,” Treva countered. “Do you know that you’re sleeping on my lawn like a hobo?”
Gran glared up at her. “Do I ask you your personal business? No. No, I do not. Treva, go put on a track suit. Hailey, help me up. And for the love of all that is holy, will the both of you shut up.” 
Treva rolled her eyes and leaned down right alongside Hailey, each woman grabbing an arm and hoisting Gran to her feet. Hailey kept one arm around her grandmother to steady her when she started to list to the right. 
“Gran, do you have any idea what time it is?” she asked, deciding not to further point out the fact that she had spent last night passed out on a lawn. And probably making a porno of their next door neighbor. That issue, she wasn’t going anywhere near at the moment. She was solely focused on bundling Gran into the SUV and trying to see what she could salvage of the day and their, so far, ruined travel plans. 
Gran stepped forward only to stumble again on an exposed tree root. 
“Jesus,” Treva snapped. “Would you stop that? People are starting to stare,” she stressed, glancing up from beneath her ponytail when she leaned down to pick up Gran’s glasses. Her neighbors next door had just arrived home and were unabashedly staring at the trio beneath the maple tree.
“Get over it. So I fell asleep.”
“On. My. Lawn.” 
“Well, I had Mabel drive me over here last night so that I could show you something, but then I fell asleep. So, sue me. I’m old.” 
“Hah,” Treva huffed, clearly not convinced, but willing to let it go or at least not make a further scene in front of the neighbors—or, God forbid, in front of her husband in case he decided to come out and see what all the commotion was about. Treva shook her head and stalked away from her grandmother and sister, going back into her own house. She looked like she wanted to slam the door, but closed it smoothly and efficiently instead. 
When she was gone, Hailey felt like she could breathe again, and some of the tension lifted from her shoulders and neck. “Come on, Gran. We’ve got to get back.” She pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and with one hand clicked it on to check the display, then sighed again. “Yeah, there’s no way we’re going to make our flight. I’ll see if I can get a refund or book us on a later flight, but I don’t know.”
“Well, we can always drive,” Gran suggested as she buckled herself into the passenger seat. She pulled down the visor mirror and pursed her lips as she fluffed her hopelessly tangled hair. “Flying would have been faster, but…”
“Drive. All the way to Alabama. You’re kidding, right?”
“Why not? It’s not that far.”
“It’s more than nine hours,” Hailey pointed out. 
“Oh, I hate to fly anyway. You know that. So, maybe it’s just as well.”
“Maybe,” Hailey conceded, unusually quiet as she navigated the rain-slick streets on her way back to Shear Madness. Only in part because she was still reeling from her confrontation with her older sister. 
Truth be told, she didn’t like to fly, either. Hailey had only ever flown three times in her life—once to visit a school in Oklahoma. Once to see an aunt out in California after she graduated from high school, and then to meet up with her ex-fiance on one of his business trips. She hadn’t enjoyed any of those experiences. And after the week she’d had, the last thing she wanted to do was deal with airport security and huge crowds of people. And just thinking the words Gran and TSA was enough to make her break out in stress hives at the moment. Maybe Gran had a point here. And maybe, just maybe, a nice peaceful drive was just what Hailey needed to put things in order, to put things back into perspective and give her time to think and relax. 
Gran shifted around on the seat beside her. “Hailey, have you seen my underwear? I know I put some on before I left the house last night.”
Chapter Five

The sun had made a reappearance and was shining full force when they pulled into their driveway twenty minutes later. And Suspenders was waiting for them on his porch. Hailey hadn’t even fully shut the driver’s side door before the man had pushed away from the gleaming newel post he’d been leaning against. He advanced slowly but steadily on Gran, who paused at the edge of the driveway to eyeball him. 
Hailey hurried around the front of the SUV, in case the situation got out of control. But if Suspenders was still angry, he did a fantastic job of hiding the fact. He nodded politely to Gran, even as the look in his eyes hovered somewhere between deep-freeze and fake-polite. “Ma’am,” he said. 
“Well, if it isn’t our new neighbor, Hailey.” Gran planted her fists on her hips and tilted her disheveled head to peer into his eyes. “I feel like we … already know you,” she said with a smirk.
Hailey rubbed the space between her eyes and shook her head, deciding to cut to the chase. They were on a tight schedule, after all. Or they had been, until they’d missed their flight. 
“Gran, Susp—” She froze, her gaze darting to their stone-faced neighbor. “Ah, I don’t believe I caught your name earlier,” she managed. 
“It’s Mark.”
“Right … Mark. So, Gran, Mark is here because he caught you and your friends recording him last night. Through the window.”
Gran nodded sagely. “When he was playing with himself.”
Mark’s eyes widened. It was obvious he had not expected such a direct response. Hailey bit her lip and once again made a valiant effort to keep her focus firmly above his waist. Which was more difficult than it should have been now that he wore a jacket that covered all his tattoos. There wasn’t much else to look at. Other than his stunned face. “Right,” he said slowly. “When I was alone. In my own house.” 
Gran nodded again. “Well, yes, dear. Your windows were wide open. You really should close the blinds if you’re going to have … alone time with yourself. Which you seem to do quite frequently,” she added with what looked like real concern. 
“Jesus,” he muttered, glancing to Hailey for help. 
Hailey sighed. “I think what Mark is getting at is that he feels it’s impolite to video tape your neighbors while they’re…”
“Playing with themselves in front of an open window?” Gran helpfully supplied.
“Grandma, where’s the tape?” Hailey asked wearily.
She tapped a weathered finger to her chin. “I don’t know.”
Mark’s eyes narrowed, but his voice, when he spoke, was calm. “You don’t know.”
“No. I left it … somewhere.” She waved a hand dismissively. “You know how it is when you’re out with the girls and you’ve had too much to drink.”
Mark looked flummoxed as Gran patted his shoulder on her way into the house. “But don’t worry, dear, Mabel forgot to hit record. There’s nothing on that tape anyway.”
Silence reigned for long moments after the screen door slapped shut behind Gran. “What just happened here?” Mark asked. 
“Welcome to my life is what just happened,” Hailey muttered. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to go. We were supposed to be out of here hours ago.”
Mark’s hand shot out before she could move past him. “Wait. Please,” he added when she turned back toward him with one eyebrow arched. 
“Do you think she was telling the truth?” he asked, letting go of her arm and raking a hand through his ink-dark hair.
“Good Lord, what was on that tape? Something … weird?”
He mirrored her expression. “Me naked isn’t bad enough?”
“Point taken,” Hailey conceded. “As for if she was telling the truth or not, I guess.” But probably not. “I really need to get going now.”
Instead of taking the very direct hint and backing off, he fell into step beside her as she walked up the driveway. “Where are you going?”
She glanced over her shoulder long enough to say, “On the road trip from hell.”
He pulled a folded scrap of paper from the pocket of his leather jacket and pressed it into her hand. “My number. Call or text me if you find that tape?”
Hailey paused, staring up at him and steadfastly ignoring the warmth that spread through her chest at the contact. It’s a hand, she told herself. He’s touching my hand. And it’s Suspenders. Clearly, it has been way too long since I’ve had sex. Three years, to be exact. She curled her fingers around the paper and yanked her hand away from his.
“Maybe I should have your number, too?” Mark suggested, his expression unreadable. “In case I find anything, or—”
“Yeah, fine. That’s fine.” She rattled off the digits so fast she doubted he caught her phone number anyway. 
Gran chose that moment to toddle out the front door, loaded down with her large suitcase and an overnight bag. Her purse was slung over one arm and flopped against her side with every uneven step she took. 
“I could—” Mark offered, moving forward. 
“No, thank you,” Hailey said, and under ordinary circumstances, she would have felt bad for repeatedly cutting someone off. Between the chaos of the week, the uncertainty that still lay ahead, and the feelings a simple touch had evoked, ones she’d barely thought of in months, she was ready to put Shear Madness and the whole town in her rear view mirror at that point. “I’ve got it, but … thank you.” She quickly extricated Gran from her small mountain of luggage. The old woman gave them up without a fight, her shrewd eyes bouncing between Hailey and Mark, likely missing nothing. 
“I’ll put these in the car,” Hailey muttered, thankful for the excuse to retreat from the awkward situation that was brewing. 
“Is there more in the house?” Gran asked, still eyeing their next door neighbor.
“Nope,” Hailey called out as she wrestled the bags into the trunk. “I packed my stuff this morning.”
“Then I’ll lock the house and we can get on the road.”
“Okay,” Hailey called back. She closed the hatch, then just stood there for a moment, palms pressed against sun-warmed metal. From the corner of her eye, she spotted Mark standing a few feet away, at the edge of the driveway. She chose to focus on the SUV’s paint job instead, the glittery low-lights in the dark blue, while she took several deep, centering breaths. She was not going to lose her mind on this car trip. Her sister was not going to spend the rest of her life in prison. She was not getting the hots for a man who wore Minion underpants.
“Ready?” Gran called as she climbed into the passenger seat. 
“As I’ll ever be,” Hailey replied, hopping behind the wheel. She took her time buckling her seat belt, adjusting her mirrors, and, in general, avoiding her grandmother’s inquisitive stare. When she finally looked up, Mark was gone. 
****
They’d been on the road for an hour and a half when Gran realized she’d left her cell phone on the kitchen counter back home. “Oh, I can’t believe I did that,” Gran said with a sigh. “This will add another three hours onto our trip.” 
Hailey gave her grandmother a rueful smile while she waited for a break in the traffic. When the line of cars had passed, she executed a quick U-turn, heading back toward the house. “Look at the week we’ve had, Grandma,” she muttered, putting her blinker on and swiftly changing lanes. “If that’s the worst mistake you make, then I think you’re doing fine.”
“I’m sure it won’t be,” Gran said with a shake of her head. She picked a speck of lint from the sunshine-yellow cotton t-shirt she usually wore when traveling, then began to play with the turquoise beads on her necklace. Neither her permed hair nor her bright red lipstick were disturbed when she shook her head, then sipped at her extra-large latte. She set the drink in the cupholder and settled back against the seat. “I should have gone full-caffeine, Hailey. This is doing nothing for me today.”
“Take a nap. I’ll wake you up when we get home.” 
“I think I’ll take you up on that,” Gran murmured. 
Within minutes, Gran was fast asleep, her head resting against the passenger side window. Hailey tapped her hands on the steering wheel in an easy rhythm as she cruised down the highway. Like her grandmother, she wore a t-shirt, although hers was plain white instead of bright gold. Also like Gran, she had on light foundation and full eye makeup. 
That was where the similarity ended. Instead of jeans and flats, Hailey had opted for black leggings and her usual pink sneakers. Her long, dark hair had been left loose to tumble down her back and shoulders. 
She made good time and pulled into the driveway of Shear Madness just as the sun was beginning to slide lower in the sky. “Grandma,” she said as she killed the engine. “Wake up. We’re home.”
“Hmmm. What time is it?”
“Six thirty.”
“AM or PM?” Gran asked without opening her eyes. “Kidding, kidding,” she said a moment later. “I feel like a used dishcloth, Hailey Marie.”
Hailey smiled and shook her head. “That’s what you get for tying one on with the girls last night.” Then she sobered. “You know, I think this day is pretty much shot. If we leave in the morning, we won’t have to stop at a hotel. We can split the drive and go straight through.”
Gran smothered a yawn and nodded. “Good idea.” She stretched as soon as she stepped out of the SUV. “I’m heading straight to bed.”
Hailey handed Gran her purse, but hung back. “I think I’ll grab a bite to eat. Want me to bring you something back?”
Gran pursed her lips. “From where?”
“Wherever. What sounds good?”
“Nothing, really. I’ll just make a sandwich if I wake up hungry in the night.”
“Suit yourself.” She waited until Gran was safely inside the house before she turned to go. 
Next door, a screen door slapped shut, followed by, “Hailey. Wait.”
Mark. She glanced up to see him stepping out onto his front porch. He’d changed again. Now he wore dark jeans and a t-shirt that read GEEK LIFE: IT’S KIND OF LIKE REAL LIFE, BUT THERE ARE DRAGONS, a surprisingly normal ensemble for him. 
“Hi?” Hailey said uncertainly, twirling her keyring around her fingers and trying to forget the fact that she’d seen him naked. “What’s up?”
Mark shrugged, his long strides eating up the driveway until he stood in front of her. “I thought you were going out of town.”
“Oh,” Hailey said awkwardly, like she owed him an explanation? Stop it, she admonished, he’s just making conversation. “Gran forgot her phone, so we had to come back. It’s getting kinda late. We’re just going to start fresh in the morning. This day has been…” she trailed off, then snapped her mouth shut. Mark was her neighbor, her very awkward neighbor. They weren’t friends, and he didn’t need to know her life story. 
“Yes,” he agreed easily, coming closer. “It has. I seem to have a lot of those days since I moved in next to you.”
Hailey raised a brow and propped one fist on her hip, swallowing back an incredulous laugh. “I could say the same about you.”
“Point taken. So, what are you doing?”
“Gran decided to make it an early night, and I’m heading out to get something to eat.”
“Want company?” he asked. 
“Well, actually,” Hailey said, a million ways to backtrack from this conversation jockeying for position in her brain. 
“My treat,” he added. “We got off on the wrong foot this morning. Let me buy you dinner. To be neighborly.”
“No. You are not paying my way,” she blurted. 
“Fine, fine, if you insist.” He smiled. “So, where are we going?”
“Yeah, I’m not getting in a car with you,” she said bluntly. She’d never even spoken to him before today.
He looked momentarily taken aback, but quickly nodded. “That’s okay. I’ll follow you.”
She studied him, considering the pros and cons of having dinner with him. Finally, she shrugged. Gran was always telling her to get out more, to make spending time with people under the age of sixty-five a priority. “Do you like tacos?” she asked. 
****
Hailey was doubled over in the booth at the Mexican restaurant, her sides aching. She couldn’t remember the last time she’d laughed so hard. “No, you didn’t!” she protested. “You did not hack your boss’s computer and make it repeatedly play the theme song from Jurassic Park.”
Mark grinned. “I did. I swear, it’s all true. He couldn’t turn the thing off. It drove him crazy. I also may or may not have replaced his Altoids with mints from a sex shop. He always ended all his meetings by offering everyone a mint.” Mark snickered.
“You’re too much.” She shook her head. “My students would love you.”
Mark pushed his empty plate to the side and took a sip of his drink. “Hey, I was an immature twenty-year-old kid with his first job. And the guy was a jerk.”
“And now?”
“Now, I’m an immature thirty-five-year-old, but I freelance.”
Hailey rolled her eyes. “Probably a smart move.”
“Definitely. So, you’re a teacher?”
“Yes.” Honesty forced her to add, “I’m a substitute teacher. I work full time and sometimes do summer school.” It’s a real job, she protested in her mind, Treva’s words echoing in her head the way they usually did whenever someone asked her what she did for a living. 
Mark leaned forward, looking … interested? “Did you always know you wanted to work with kids? I bet you have some stories.”
“Actually, I wanted to design video games.” Hailey sighed. “I ended up majoring in English instead, in college. I thought it would be more practical. Fast forward a few years and I ended up taking a break from school. There was an ad in the paper, and I was looking for work at the time, so… And then I just made it a regular thing. The schedule is super flexible. It’s probably the best thing about the job, to be honest. But … I’m happy,” she said, which was mostly true. 
“It’s never too late to go back. Or start a new direction?”
“Maybe. After this mess with my sister and my niece is handled. I am not looking forward to tomorrow.” Hailey smiled at the waiter who had arrived to drop off their separate checks. 
Mark took his own check and extended his hand for hers. She kept a firm hold on the small slip of paper. “Are you sure?”
“Yes, but thank you. I … had a good time tonight,” she told him, surprised to find that it was one hundred percent the truth. 
They paid the bill together at the front of the restaurant, splitting the tip, and a minute later were standing awkwardly on the sidewalk outside, beneath a bright moon and a Main Street illuminated by plenty of lights, both from poles and shop window displays. “It’s still early. Want to walk down to the coffee shop?” he asked. 
Hailey smiled, even though there was no way this could not be considered a date at this point. Strangely, she didn’t mind. Who would have thought she’d end up having such a good time with Suspenders, of all people?
“What are you thinking?” he asked as they fell into an easy rhythm. 
“The truth?”
He glanced over at her, dark eyes warm and somber. “Uh-oh. This sounds serious.”
Hailey ducked her head, but then decided to be direct. “I didn’t expect to like you. And I keep trying not to picture…”
“Me naked?” he supplied wryly. “Sorry about that,” he said when she nodded. “The yards are so far apart, I didn’t think you guys could see … everything. I swear I’ll remember to close my curtains next time I…”
Masturbate, Hailey’s mind supplied, the word infusing her body with heat and light. No. No, no, no. No way. Although… No. She shut that thought down before it could fully form. There was one thing she was dying to know, though. “Mark, I was also thinking about, well…” What kind of underwear you have on right now. “You look so normal tonight, but other times you wear…” Interesting undergarments. “You know, one day it’s Minions, the next day it’s Dom gear, and I just wondered…”
He smirked as they approached the coffee shop. “For someone who has never spied on me, you know an awful lot about my underwear.”
Hailey bit her lip and refrained from commenting on that astute observation until after they’d paid for their lattes and were headed back to their vehicles. 
“I know it looks strange. The underwear.” He took a drink of his coffee and used the back of his hand to wipe a thin layer of foam from his lips. “I was married … before.” He shook his head. “My life is split in two now, you know? Before and after.”
“You’re divorced?” Hailey asked, her voice heavy with sympathy. 
“Widower. My wife died of breast cancer when she was twenty-nine.” He exhaled. “There was family history of the disease, but we were so careful, never missed a checkup. It didn’t matter.”
“I’m so sorry,” she murmured, her heart breaking for him, even as she wondered what any of it had to do with his questionable underpants choices. Now was obviously not the time to press the issue. As it happened, he satisfied her curiosity a moment later. 
“Thank you. My wife, her name was Cass. We met in design school. She had a wicked sense of humor. Every year, she bought me these gag gifts, crazy underwear and glow-in-the-dark suspenders, that kind of thing. It was our thing, you could say. I kept them all. I still wear them. It makes me feel like a part of her is still here.”
“I am so, so—”
“Don’t say you’re sorry. Just say you understand.”
Hailey pulled him to a stop beside their vehicles. “I guess everyone says they’re sorry, huh?”
“Pretty much.”
“In that case, I understand. And I think it’s sweet. How you keep her memory alive that way.”
His answering smile was filled with relief, some of his easy demeanor making a repeat appearance. “Thanks, Hailey.”
“No, thank you. I had a great time tonight. Did I say that already? I feel like I said that already.”
“We can do it again when you get back from Alabama.”
“I’d like that.”
She froze when he leaned forward and kissed her on the cheek. “Goodnight. Safe travels, Hailey.”
“Goodnight,” she echoed. 

Chapter Six

The next night, a thick, bright slice of moon was peeking through wispy clouds by the time Gran and Hailey left the diner and strapped themselves into the car for the last leg of their trip. They’d gotten a late start but had driven straight through, stopping only for bathroom breaks and to eat. They had just over twenty miles to go, and Hailey was determined to make every one of them count. On any other night, she would have opened it up, put the SUV through its paces. The drive should have been perfect. A crisp, early summer night, wood smoke and pine carried on a breeze that was strong enough to ruffle her hair but not blow it into her face, and a long, mostly deserted stretch of road that begged for speed. 
But this wasn’t any other night, and certainly it was no ordinary drive. Her sister was in jail, and she was minutes away from picking up her spoiled little viper of a niece. She had the sick feeling that it would be much more than that. As in, she would be raising her spoiled little viper of a niece. Because her sister probably wasn’t getting out anytime soon. If what Treva and Gran suspected proved to be correct, Maddie was headed for the big house.
What little information they had so far had come from Maddie’s neighbor, who was keeping an eye on things until they got there. What they knew at this point was only the tip of the iceberg, the bare bones of a story that was getting stranger by the minute. Maddie had been arrested. Fact. Maddie was currently being held on a four-hundred-thousand-dollar bond in a women’s prison. Fact. Her little sister had shot her boyfriend in the head. Almost fact. Maybe. Hailey couldn’t wrap her mind around that one. 
And that’s where the story began to take a turn for the weird. According to Mrs. Carlyle, the neighbor, Maddie had been talking to the police, and apparently to anyone else who would listen, since her arrest. Yes, she had killed her boyfriend, Matt, and left him right where he’d fallen, beside the dying embers of their campfire from the night before. Then, in the pre-dawn hours on the morning of May fifth, Maddie had taken Matt’s Jeep and driven herself home. Four hours later, she’d called 911 herself to report the crime. She had readily confessed to murder, adding that she had done so in self-defense. Fact. Yet after that, she had clammed up, refusing to elaborate or say anything further. 
Hailey lowered the window another few inches and breathed deep as the wind rushed into the car. Beside her, Gran sat in silence, her head turned toward the passenger window. Without asking, Hailey knew Gran’s thoughts were a mirror of her own. 
None of which could be reconciled to the Maddie Hailey knew. No. The Maddie she knew believed in strict gun control laws and had refused to kill her own spiders until she was seventeen. Her little sister hated bugs and had once said that nature belonged on television. Now all of a sudden she was camping? Her foot eased up on the gas pedal, and she tapped her nails against the steering wheel in an agitated rhythm. Truth was, seven years was in no way sudden. She had no idea who Maddie was anymore. None of them did, really. After Maddie took her daughter and moved away—after the whole Michael disaster—Treva hadn’t heard from her at all, and Gran hadn’t heard much from her, either. She’d talked to Hailey exactly once after that, which was just as well. Maddie had only reached out to the rest of the family at Thanksgiving and Christmas, or whenever she needed a loan. Until now. 
“I don’t know if you’re a praying woman,” Mrs. Carlyle had said to Gran when they’d spoken on the phone yesterday, “but now is a really good time to start.”
From the other room, she had listened as Gran gave Mrs. Carlyle some quick but polite response. A non-committal “mmhmm” sound masquerading as agreement, but which was really a brush-off. She tried to picture the last time Gran had been to church for anything other than Bingo night and came up blank. Years ago, she used to march Hailey and Treva and Maddie to the Easter Sunday service at the Baptist church by the old beauty shop, back when Grandpa was alive and before the girls had lost their parents. 
“Hailey Marie, if you drive any slower, we won’t get there till midnight,” Gran complained as she dug around in her purse. 
Good, she almost said. It occurred to her that if she dragged this out long enough, Violet might be in bed and silent by the time they got there. 
“Sorry,” she muttered, applying steady pressure to the gas pedal until they were cruising along at a sedate but efficient fifty-five. Who was she kidding? Sixteen-year-old girls didn’t go to bed at midnight on a Friday. They stayed up until two AM, talking on the phone or texting or Snapchatting or whatever the hell else sixteen-year-old girls did these days.
The most exciting thing Hailey had done on an average Friday night was stay up and read after lights-out or hang out in the beauty shop and listen to Gran and her friends gossip as they drank wine and played Bunko. If Treva was in a good mood—she usually hadn’t been—she’d let Maddie and Hailey tag along to the movies at the mall. Most of the time, Maddie had shut herself up in her room with nail polish and makeup pilfered from Treva’s supply. And she’d snuck out once or twice. But back then, Gran had hearing like a bat, and it didn’t take long for her to wake up when Maddie was coming back in through her bedroom window and bust her. After that, Maddie had joined their high school’s gymnastic team and started staying over at some of her teammates’ houses. Until she got pregnant during freshman year and went on total lockdown. 
Hailey had just taken the left fork in the road, the one that would take them into town, when the animal leaped out from the cover of the dense trees that had grown so thick they seemed to press in from all sides. The deer darted out, and then it stopped right there in the middle of the one-lane road, directly in front of the car. She hit the brakes hard enough to send Gran hurtling forward into the dash. She left one hand on the wheel. The other shot out to the side in a reflex to steady Gran as the car came to an abrupt stop only a few feet from the animal. A buck—and a big one, at that. Gran and Hailey strained against their seat belts before being jerked back as the car came to a halt and tires found solid grip on pavement.
“Oh my God, are you okay, Grandma?” Hailey asked in a rush, without taking her eyes off the deer. 
“I’m fine. I think.” Gran’s voice shook. She didn’t move and almost seemed to hold her breath as they fixed their gazes on the animal who remained unmoving in the middle of the road, frozen in the bright circle of the SUV’s headlights.
“Why isn’t it moving?” Hailey asked once her heart rate had resumed a more normal rhythm and several tense moments had passed. “Are they supposed to do that?”
Gran remained still, her bright red lips the only things moving. “How should I know? I suppose. Maybe.”
Another full minute passed. The deer remained firmly planted on the road. Glassy black eyes regarded them steadily. Hailey honked the horn, two quick bursts. Finally, the deer snorted, then darted into the forest. 
Hailey stared after it, chastising herself for not paying attention to the road like she should have been, fingers flexing on the wheel until a click and a hiss filled the silent car and had her swinging around in the seat. I dare you to say a word, Gran’s look said. The long, thin cigarette shook in her hands, though, rendering the warning expression null and void. 
“Oh, come on, Gran—not again.” 
“Don’t start with me, Hailey Marie.” She waved a somewhat steadier finger at her, then sucked nervously at the cigarette. “Did you see the size of that thing?” 
She had, but wasn’t about to be thrown off the scent. Literally. Hailey made a face as she cut a hand through the pungent smoke that was curling around the dark interior of the SUV. “It wasn’t that big. When did you start smoking again?” She glanced at the rear view mirror—amazingly, no one had come along and rear-ended them yet—before easing off the brake. “Put that thing out,” she instructed as they picked up speed. The request, as expected, went ignored as Gran continued to silently smoke in the passenger seat. “Geez, Gran, at least roll the window down.” After another minute or so, Hailey pressed the buttons to lower all the windows herself because Gran was in a mood and not inclined to be the least bit cooperative. 
“Hailey—”
“In one thousand feet, turn left.” The mechanical voice of the GPS filled the car, cutting off what Gran had been about to say. “I bought the cigarettes last night.” 
“You haven’t smoked in twenty years.” Hailey’s eyes left the road long enough to deliver a pointed look at her grandmother. “Are you sure now is a great time to start back up again?” 
“You mean because I have one foot in the grave?” she asked, then blew a thin stream of smoke out the window.
“You do not. You get around better than most fifty-year-olds I know.”
“See?” she preened. “I’m perfectly healthy.”
“I wouldn’t go that far. And Lord, but that thing reeks.” 
Hailey sighed, and they spent the next ten minutes navigating the streets of her sister’s smallish town in silence. They had pulled up to a modest-sized white house and killed the engine when Gran finally said, “I smoked a cigarette the day after Maddie got arrested. And I know you may not believe this, but I can quit anytime I want.”
She stared at the dark, just-this-side-of-shabby house in front of them. “And you’re not at all worried about things like cancer and emphysema?”
“I’m going to quit, Hailey.”
“When?” She winced when she heard the challenge in her own voice, something that was sure to put Gran on the defensive. “When?” Hailey asked again, softly this time.
“Soon,” she promised. “I quit once, and I can do it again. Just as soon as I get through…” She gestured bleakly at the house. “All of this.”
“Yeah. Speaking of that.” Hailey unbuckled herself and reached for the door handle. “Are you ready?”
“Not really.” Gran’s hand moved toward her coat pocket.
“Good enough. Let’s do this.”


Chapter Seven

All day, Hailey had pictured this moment in her head. She hadn’t seen her niece in almost eight years. She would be tall and thin like Maddie, with her mom’s auburn hair and golden-brown eyes. Violet had been a chubby little girl with braids and a baby face last time Hailey had seen her. She would open the door with guarded looks and a tentative smile, weary but grateful deep down that her aunt and her great-grandmother had come to her rescue. Despite her attitude on the phone earlier. 
So it was anti-climactic when the lights lit up the windows on either side of the porch, and a teenager with sleep-tousled silvery blue hair and a wicked glare open the door just long enough to say “Go the hell away.” And then she slammed it. In their faces.
After the chaos of the last few days, it was enough to finally push that last button and set Hailey off. “Violet! Violet, open this door right now!” Her palm connected with the door. No response from inside the house. “Violet!” The lights winked out. She turned to Gran and held up both hands as if to say now what.
Gran just shook her head, not looking at all surprised. “Let’s go wake up Mrs. Carlyle,” she said, and there was no mistaking the heat in her voice.
“Assuming she has a spare key,” Hailey muttered, but followed Gran as she marched down the porch steps and across the narrow strip of lawn that separated the two houses. Her visions of a hot shower and a warm bed or at least a couch evaporated with every step. Damn it. What on earth was wrong with her niece? “This is happening,” she said, incredulous as she stood behind Gran and waited for Mrs. Carlyle to come to the door. At least two dogs—big ones, from the sound of it—could be heard scratching at the door ever since Gran had rung the bell. Hailey took a deep breath and announced, “I am not dealing with this for the next two years.”
Gran turned her head and gave a rueful smile. “Two and a half, actually. Violet is still fifteen.”
“Great. That’s just great. This whole thing is great.”
Gran sighed. “Buck up, Hailey. Pull it together.”
Pull it together. Right. Because Treva was bringing nothing but excuses, and Maddie had finally gone off the deep end, and Gran was going to be up to a pack a day if one more thing went wrong. 
She pictured her rowdiest kindergarten class, then every hormone-soaked middle school she had ever worked in and tried to console herself. What was one kid in comparison to all that? Surely she could handle one teenage girl. I got this. The thought whispered through her brain as a tiny, fragile-looking old woman opened the door. Her cloud of white hair was done up in a shimmery blue rinse, a pale, muted version of Violet’s hair color. The minute she stepped onto her front porch, two decidedly unvicious-looking beagles rushed out to yap and bounce around Hailey and Gran’s legs.
“Peanut!” The woman clapped her hands together when the smaller of the dogs leaped up at Hailey. “Watch that one—he’s a jumper.” She herded both dogs back into the house and quickly shut the door. “Sorry about that,” she said. Her smile was warm and friendly, and her step was light, not what Hailey had expected at 10:45 PM from a woman who had to be pushing ninety. “Can I help you?”
Gran smiled as she extended a hand that was considerably less wrinkled and spotted than Mrs. Carlyle’s. “I’m Viola, and this is my d-granddaughter, Hailey. We spoke on the phone.” 
It was a frequent slip and one that didn’t escape Hailey’s notice now. Bittersweet, that slip. Close and yet not quite there. Because as many times growing up as Hailey had tried to pretend otherwise, she was always stuck in that awkward little box, the one labeled Gran’s almost-daughter. Mrs. Carlyle took note of the slip, and her eyes flicked to Hailey, curiosity written on her lined face. Of course, that was quickly followed by a warm smile. She was the kind of woman who made homemade tea instead of the powdered stuff, the type who always had snacks ready for guests and cooked too much on Thanksgiving. She smelled like talcum powder and oatmeal cookies.
“Ah, yes, Madison and Violet’s kin. It’s nice to finally meet you,” she said, then looked worriedly at the darkened house next door before digging a key out of the pocket of her blue-checkered housecoat. “Violet’s a heavy sleeper. I expect you’ll need this.”
“Yes.” Gran’s smile was tight as she accepted the key. “Yes, she is.”
Mrs. Carlyle put her hand on the doorknob behind her but lingered. Inside, the dogs began to bark. “I know you have a lot to do, but maybe I’ll stop by for a visit in the morning. Do you like tea?”
“Tea?” Gran repeated, the word sounding foreign. 
Tea? Not unless it was from Long Island. Hailey hurried to fill the silence before her grandmother could say something to that effect. “That would be wonderful. Thank you. Have a good night, Mrs. Carlyle.”
“And you as well. I’ll see you both in the morning.” She disappeared inside. A moment later, her porch light clicked off.
“She seems nice,” Hailey offered as they made their way back across the lawn.
She shrugged. “If you like teetotalers.”
“That is not a bad thing.” Hailey eyed the pocket that she knew contained Gran’s lighter and cigarettes but said nothing more. Not the time. Besides, as a general rule, she preferred to fight with one person at a time, and her niece had started a war tonight. So she decided to put Gran’s newest bad habit on ice for the time being. 
When they let themselves into her sister’s dark, silent house a minute later, they both decided to put everything on ice for the rest of the night. Violet was presumably sleeping behind the closed bedroom door at the end of the hall and didn’t disturb them as they took turns using the restroom and grabbed the single spare blanket out of the closet in the hallway. She gave it to Gran, who promptly curled up on Maddie’s overstuffed sofa and fell asleep. Hailey took her grandmother’s shoes off and set them at the other end of the couch beneath the end table. She didn’t stir. A few years ago, she had started falling asleep harder and faster. Hailey stood watching her for a moment. Beneath about four layers of makeup and attitude, Gran was getting older. 
The same could be said about Hailey’s niece. She spared a glance for the little viper’s closed bedroom door before silently invading what had to be her sister’s bedroom at the other end of the hall, only to find that it wasn’t her sister’s room at all. The Supernatural posters and black lace curtains and—Hailey peered at a label—size five jeans and t-shirts and stuffed animals that covered every surface suggested that this had to be Violet’s space. So her niece had taken over Maddie’s room. Possibly because she missed her mom. Probably because the room was bigger. Hailey resisted the urge to do any real snooping—for now, at least—and pulled a black crocheted blanket off the twin bed in the center of the room, then headed back to the living room. 
If anyone had told her a week ago that she would spend Friday night twisted like a pretzel in her jailbird little sister’s armchair, listening to a chain-smoking old lady snore, she would have called them crazy. “This is my life,” she said around a yawn as she drifted off to a restless sleep, surrounded by the commingling scents of pumpkin spice candles and Gran’s Camel cigarettes.
****
Hailey woke to several sensations and sounds all at once. Bright sunlight glaring through the living room window and shining directly into her eyes. Glass shattering at the back of the house? A scream. Gran shouting. And above it all, a man yelling. She was up and moving so fast she didn’t notice the couch pillow in the middle of the floor. 
Hailey went down, both hands and knees scraping the carpet as she came within inches of knocking herself out on the coffee table. Another crash. More shouting. “Gran!” she called out, up and running again. She barely registered the front door opening behind her or the startled gasp. “Shit, shit, shit,” she chanted all the way down the hall that dead-ended at the bedrooms. 
But nothing could have prepared her for what happened next. Her niece was in bed with a man. Not some skinny teen, although he was skinny, but an actual man with facial hair. Gran stood over the bed, a presumably loaded gun aimed dead center at his chest. Broken china cups and black coffee littered the floor. And her niece. Dear Lord, her niece.
“You’re naked,” Hailey blurted as time and space careened to a stop in the small bedroom, each person temporarily locked in place. Violet with the bedsheet clutched to her chest, the boyfriend crouched on the end of the bed, looking like he was about to attack or flee. As the seconds ticked by, panic began to glaze over his angular features. A bead of sweat dripped from his bright green goatee to make a navy spot on the blue-purple sheets. Truth be told, in that position he bore a striking resemblance to a gargoyle, and even though she had eyes, Hailey was tempted to ask her niece just what in the hell was going on. Just as soon as she talked her grandmother out of blowing his brains all over her sister’s sky-blue walls. Violet, for a change, dropped the uncaring act as she glanced nervously between her boyfriend and her gun-toting great-grandma. Then her eyes met Hailey’s, the expression in them pleading and slightly panicked. Without all her edges and angles and attitude, she looked like a kid.
“Gran, you can’t shoot him.” She spoke softly, flashing back just for a moment to flamingos and room 209. What was it with this month? Had everyone around her gone completely around the bend? Why, yes, the little voice inside her head acknowledged. Yes, that’s exactly what they had done. 
“Like hell I can’t.” Grandma adjusted her grip on the pistol and narrowed one eye.
“Oh, dear,” said a woman from the bedroom doorway. 
Hailey recognized Mrs. Carlyle from last night, but she didn’t dare turn around. Instead, she inched closer to Gran.
“You can’t,” she insisted. “And you’re scaring everyone, Grandma.”
“Don’t you move!” Gran hollered when the man on the bed shifted his weight forward.
“Stop!” Violet and Hailey cautioned at the same time.
“Oh, dear,” Mrs. Carlyle repeated, still frozen in the doorway, Hailey assumed.
“Gran, you are being ridiculous. Put the gun down now,” she said, using her teacher voice when gentle and coaxing had failed. 
“Fine, I won’t shoot him unless he moves.” She glared at the man and took a threatening step forward. He shrank back, having finally gotten the memo that Gran was—currently, at least—off her rocker. “And you won’t move, will you, pervert?” Then, to Hailey, she said, “Call the cops while I’ve got him covered.”
“The cops?” Hailey trailed off, immediately grasping the situation.
“Oh, dear…” Mrs. Carlyle dragged the words out this time, making them into something that sounded a lot like oh, snap, it’s about to get ugly in here. In pre-teen speak, it had just gotten real.
“Grandma,” Hailey began, wondering if what she was about to tell her would only make her more likely to pull the trigger. “I don’t think he broke into the house to jump into bed with Violet.”
Gran closed her eyes for a split-second and finally lowered the gun. When she opened them again, they were practically spitting fire. “How old are you?” she barked.
“Nineteen,” he said, defiant even though a fine tremor was making his whole body shake. Gran’s jaw clenched.
“Get out,” Hailey told the guy. “Or I’ll call the cops.”
“Brandon, wait!” Violet called after him, one arm outstretched—the arm that wasn’t holding a sheet to her chest to keep from flashing her family and 80-something-year-old neighbor. But Brandon made for the front door, in his underwear, in an all-out sprint. A minute later, the roar of an engine coming to life in the driveway could be heard. Violet focused on Hailey, the edges and angles and attitude firmly back in place. “You can’t just come in here and—”
“Get dressed.” Gran’s voice cracked through the room, and the frigid tone stopped Violet mid-rant. She threw her great-granddaughter a disgusted look. “We’ll talk when you’re decent.”
With that, she tucked her gun into the waistband of her jeans and shouldered past Mrs. Carlyle. Her hand was in her pocket before she’d even cleared the doorway. Click. Hiss. Then she was gone. In the tense, stunned silence that followed, Hailey ignored her niece and gave Mrs. Carlyle an apologetic look. “Good morning,” she said, feeling stupid but not really knowing what else to say. 
Mrs. Carlyle stared from Hailey to Violet, her gaze finally settling on Hailey. 
“Come on, Hailey, is it? I’ll make us all a nice pot of coffee,” she said in her sweet little old lady voice as she led her from the room and quietly closed the door behind them.


Chapter Eight

They found Gran chain-smoking in the kitchen a few minutes later. Her back was as stiff and unyielding as her face, which Hailey only saw in profile. She stared unblinkingly out the window. Every so often, she would tap her cigarette ashes into the sink, either not noticing or not caring about the small mountain of dirty dishes piled there. 
“Gran? Are … you okay?”
When she exhaled deeply and the thick plume of smoke spread out against the windowpane, Hailey reached around her to push up on the window sash. It opened easily, sliding up on its track to let in a gust of fresh air. Gran didn’t say anything, not at first. She just stood like that with her back straight and her head up, puffing away while she watched squirrels chase each other up the trees in the backyard. 
Hailey stood there with her, both of them in last night’s clothing and makeup. Behind them, Mrs. Carlyle moved efficiently through Maddie’s kitchen, setting out and uncovering a plate of cookies she’d probably brought with her from her own house, then brewing a fresh pot of coffee and, in general, giving Gran and Hailey a few badly-needed moments to regain their bearings. Again.
“Nice of Maddie to let us know that Violet is … is…” 
Gran looked at Hailey then, brow raised. The look in her eyes hovered somewhere between desolate and pissed off. Good, she was beginning to cool down.
“Okay, so this is a problem,” she conceded, gently plucking what remained of the cigarette from her grandmother’s fingers and running it under the faucet. 
“Hmm,” she agreed darkly.
“And to be fair, Maddie didn’t tell us anything.”
At this, Gran faced Mrs. Carlyle, who was pouring three cups of coffee and setting a fragrant-smelling tea bag in a fourth mug, which she filled with hot water. “How long has this been going on, Edna?”
The old woman hesitated. “Brandon started coming around about six months ago, I guess it’s been. Perhaps closer to seven.”
“And my granddaughter knew about this?”
Mrs. Carlyle nodded evenly as she steeped the cup of tea and gestured for everyone to take the coffee mugs.
“Cream? Sugar?” she asked. “Here, have a vanilla wafer. They’re from scratch.”
Hailey added liberal amounts of cream and sugar to her coffee—French roast?—while Gran settled herself gracefully into a kitchen chair and started drinking hers black. Even though Hailey wasn’t hungry, she took a cookie and dutifully began to munch. Anything to avoid talking about—
“Having sex. At her age.”
That.
“What is she thinking? What was her mother thinking to let this go on under her roof?” Gran demanded. She set her coffee cup down with a thunk.
Mrs. Carlyle cleared her throat. “Well, I think the important thing to remember here is—”
“And with him?” Gran went on, neatly circumventing whatever argument Mrs. Carlyle had been about to make. “Good God, what could my granddaughter have been thinking,” she repeated, “letting her carouse with that boy?” Gran lit a cigarette. Hailey stress ate another vanilla wafer.
“He’s not a boy. He’s a man. Not that you old biddies would know the difference,” Violet said from the doorway. She flicked her long, blue hair behind one shoulder and gave Gran the once-over. “Well, you might.”
“Violet.” The admonition was gentle but firm and had come from Mrs. Carlyle.
“You’re right,” Hailey told her niece. “He is a man. And that’s part of the problem.” 
Aiming for a fight, Violet advanced into the room.
“You don’t know anything about him! He’s a great guy. He’s—”
“He looks like the Lucky Charms Man,” Gran snapped. She pointed her cigarette at Violet, and Hailey hooked her foot around the empty seat between them and kicked it back a few inches.
“Sit. We’ve got bigger problems to hash out at the moment. Sit,” she repeated when Violet lifted her chin and stubbornly remained standing. 
Mrs. Carlyle looked disappointed, and that bothered Hailey for some reason. Apparently, it bothered Violet, too, because she took one look at the old woman’s face and dropped her gaze to the clean but faded black-and-white diamond tiles on the kitchen floor. A moment later, reluctantly, she sat. In what Hailey had quickly come to recognize as typical Violet fashion, she chose a seat beside Mrs. Carlyle. Not that Hailey could blame her exactly. She wouldn’t have wanted to sit next to Smoky the Bear, either.
“Gran,” Hailey muttered, gesturing to her smoldering cigarette. She put it out in her coffee cup, looking just about as reluctant as Violet had been to sit at the table with everyone. Hailey rolled her eyes. This bunch was seriously making the trenches of middle school look like a walk in the park. “Mental note,” Hailey said to no one in particular, “buy ashtrays.” And booze, she added silently. Lots and lots of booze.
Violet fidgeted in her seat for a few moments before she couldn’t seem to stand the awkward silence any longer. That or she finally snapped. “I don’t need you guys here. Just so you know. Mom and I get along just fine without you people.” She put an ugly inflection on the words. Like she hated them. She probably did. For all Hailey knew, Violet had been raised on stories of every bad thing any of them had ever done. That was so like Maddie to play the victim and make them out to be the bad guys. Hailey couldn’t help but wonder if Treva had fared much better than she had in that department. Likely not, since Treva had begged off from coming down here herself to handle this mess. Although, she at least had sent a Christmas card and a gift each year, Hailey was pretty sure. So had Gran, for that matter, and Hailey knew for a fact that she sent Maddie small amounts of money a couple times a year or whenever her car broke down or any other small crises popped up. And yet it was clear that Gran had been lumped in with Hailey as enemy number one. Why? She studied her niece for a minute, then sighed when her harsh, closed-off demeanor neither changed nor revealed anything beyond the obvious—that they were not welcome here, and Princess Violet had no use for them.
“Tough,” Hailey said easily, answering both her niece and her own private thoughts. “You may not want to see us, but you do need us. And why aren’t you in school?”
Violet rolled her eyes. “School ended a week ago out here. Unless you think I’m lying,” she challenged. “Why don’t you call the school and find out?”
Gran thumped her cigarette lighter on the table and leaned forward. “We have bigger fish to fry than you sleeping with the Lucky Charms Man or skipping school. Your mom is looking at doing hard time, Violet.”
Hailey nodded, quickly picking up the thread. “She’s right. Priority number one is getting a lawyer for Maddie. After that…”
“I told you,” Violet ground out, a vanilla wafer snapping between her fingers, “I don’t want you in my house.”
“Well, that’s awful convenient, young lady,” Gran snapped back, “because we don’t plan to be here for long. As soon as we get everything wrapped up here, you’ll be coming back to live with me and your aunt at my house in Ohio.”
The cookie disintegrated. The silence that follow that statement was tense and hostile. She expected her niece to fall apart, but she didn’t, and for this, Hailey was profoundly grateful. Mrs. Carlyle looked equally relieved that they had all managed to avoid a direct hit from Hurricane Violet. Apart from committing cookie genocide, her niece had simply narrowed her eyes in a yeah, we’ll see type of look. Grandma just looked like she was long overdue for another smoke. For the first time in her life, Hailey worried over her grandmother’s health. How long would it be before she started coming down with stress-related illnesses, stuff like migraines and insomnia or even chest pains. Other than a couple bouts of superficial skin cancer, more than a decade past, her grandmother had always been remarkably healthy and spry for her age. The mental agility, she attributed to the crossword puzzles she kept in her purse. The rest she claimed were simply the effects of all the salt and booze. According to Gran and the rest of the Survivors’ Club, they were all exceptionally well preserved. 
Treva thought they’d formed some sort of strange, pagan cult. One where they offered sacrifice to some deity who kept them young. Hailey couldn’t really tell if Treva’s theory was made in jest or not. Personally, Hailey believed the members of the Survivors’ Club had lived through the Depression and were firm believers in getting their money’s worth and as much mileage as possible from themselves. Still … she eyed the pack of cigarettes that sat between them like their own personal elephant in the room. Hailey was at some point in the not-so-distant future going to have to steer her into some less bad habits. But she was right—they had other, more pressing business at hand.
“So, first order of business,” Hailey announced. “Who wants to go visit my sister in jail this morning?” Somehow, she made this request without cringing. Much. Working around children every day meant she was no stranger to making odd requests. It kind of went with the territory. But lately the things that were forced to come out of her mouth had taken a turn toward the truly bizarre.
“I think I’ll sit this one out.” Mrs. Carlyle was the first to speak. “Violet, would you like to spend the morning at my house?” she asked gently.
“No way are you two leaving me behind,” she drawled, leveling another get real, don’t even try it look on her aunt and her great-grandmother. When Hailey nodded, Violet’s shoulders drooped a fraction of an inch in relief, and she pushed her chair back from the table. “Is there anything you want me to give her, Grandma Carlyle?” she asked sweetly, keeping her back straight. 
Grandma Carlyle? Hailey peeked at Gran to gauge her reaction to what Violet had obviously intended as a dig. The hit had scored its mark. Without another word, Gran scooped up her pack of smokes and hot-pink lighter and headed for the front porch. Violet didn’t turn around, but her back became even more rigid when the sound of the front door closing echoed with finality through the house.
Mrs. Carlyle looked sad when her eyes locked with Hailey’s across the table. Then she was patting Violet’s hand. A moment later, she pushed her own chair away from the table and stood up to go. “Yes, dear, I’ll be back in a few minutes with a bag of things for you to take to your mama.”
Violet nodded, then left the room, but not before casting a triumphant look at Hailey on her way out. Before she could stop to consider what a snotty teen with a mom in the slammer had to be triumphant about, Hailey was reminded that she was the one who’d been left to deal with the fallout.


Chapter Nine

Maddie looked like shit. Hailey and Gran sat across from her, thick prison glass separating them from the woman whom Hailey’s brain insisted could not be her sister. Her mind was suddenly filled with words that ended in over. Hungover. Death warmed over. Just … over. She clenched the hem of her black shirt, one chosen specifically to upstage her little sister. One shoulder was left bare. The fabric hugged her breasts and came to a point low over one hip, in an asymmetrical design. 
Like it would have been hard to upstage an orange jumpsuit anyway. But now she felt lower than dirt, seeing Maddie’s lackluster skin and lank hair. She was only slightly heavier than she had been as a teenager, and she’d been thin back then. She’d filled out some over the years. But right now she looked old, too old for thirty, anyway. And dang it all, but her eyes had lit up the moment Hailey had sat down. Like she was actually glad to see her. Guilt heaped on top of shame, and Hailey lowered her eyes. 
Until another image supplanted the hopeful look she had just seen in her sister’s big brown eyes. The triumph that had been there when she’d been caught in bed with her fiance seven years ago. Oh, sure, she’d said all the right things once they had been caught red-handed. She had done everything you would expect someone to do from that moment on. She had scrambled to the other end of the bed, then pulled the sheets up to her chin. She and Hailey’s cheating ex scum of a man had started talking at once while rushing for clothing and fighting for custody of the sheets. There were tears and apologies. 
But one thing about her sister—she was an actress. And a good one, Hailey would give her that. But she’d seen her face that day, reflected in the mirrored dome cap of the bedpost. When Maddie had turned her back to pull a shirt over her head—Michael’s shirt, a move that had set Hailey’s teeth on edge at the time—she’d glimpsed her face. Gone for the moment had been the crocodile tears, and the real Maddie had been revealed. One who smiled smugly after being caught screwing the man her sister was supposed to marry. 
Suddenly, Hailey felt foolish for feeling sorry for her now. How could she ever have forgotten that, as a general rule, Maddie looked out for herself. And possibly Violet, although the jury was still out on that one. Too many years had passed. Hailey had no idea what kind of mother her sister was now. Back then, when she’d lived in the same town in a little apartment a stone’s throw away from the beauty shop, in the same complex Hailey had lived in, she had been borderline absentee, always leaving little Violet with friends or Gran or Hailey or, less often, Treva. But she had been attentive to her child when she was there. She had kept her apartment reasonably clean, and Violet had always been well cared for. Her current state of affairs notwithstanding. Now she was fifteen years old, snotty, and silently fuming in the car because Gran and Hailey had refused to let her walk into the prison to see her mom. 
Hailey raised cool, assessing eyes to Maddie. Awareness slowly registered in her sister’s eyes. They dimmed, her fingers falling away from the glass. She kept her gaze focused on Gran after that, who was more welcoming than Hailey. Maddie pointed an unmanicured finger toward the telephones that hung on the cubicle wall on either side of the glass. Much to Hailey’s dismay and Maddie’s obvious discomfort, Gran did not pick up the phone. Oh no. She sat back in her folding chair and motioned for Hailey to have that dubious honor. And when she didn’t take the bait, Gran actually picked up the phone and pressed it into her hand. After a moment, Hailey relented, putting the phone to her ear. Across the glass, Maddie’s smile slipped, and a shuttered expression settled mask-like over her pale face. She slowly put the phone to her own ear. Neither of them spoke. Gran cleared her throat loudly, and Hailey sighed. “Maddie … hi.”
Wow. Seriously? Had she really just said that? After nearly a decade, she was sitting in an uncomfortable metal chair with her little sister rocking a prison jumpsuit across from her, and the best Hailey could come up with was hi? 
“How is Violet?” Maddie blurted before Hailey could say anything else. “You didn’t bring her here, did you?” She glanced around, then leveled her gaze at Hailey once again.
“Of course not. She’s in the car.”
“Alone? You left her alone in the parking lot of a prison?”
Hailey recoiled from the force behind her sister’s words. Gone was the timid, pale creature of only moments ago. Color infused Maddie’s cheeks as she leaned forward as far as the limited space would allow.
“What?” Gran demanded, a concerned edge to her tone. “What is she saying, Hailey?”
She held up a placating hand for Gran, at the same time telling Maddie, “Hey, calm it down, Mama Bear. Violet is fine. She’s waiting for us in the car. The locked car. She even has the keys.”
“Oh, God.” Maddie pinched the bridge of her nose between her thumb and index finger. “You left the keys with her?”
“Yes?” Hailey gave Gran a wide-eyed, what-the-hell-did-I-just-walk-into look. “What’s wrong with that?”
“What’s wrong with…” she stammered. Her eyes bugged and Hailey sat back.
“She has done lost it,” Hailey explained to Gran, figuring she was about to ask in a few seconds anyway.
“I see that,” Gran mused. “To quote Mrs. Carlyle—oh, dear.” She reached out to tap briskly on the thick glass. “Madison Elizabeth,” she said loudly, “you will calm down this instant. This is no time to fall apart.”
Hailey could have argued that point. This seemed like the perfect time to fall apart.
Maddie narrowed her eyes. “Hailey, what’s Grandma going on about?” she demanded.
“Why shouldn’t I have left Violet in the car?” she asked instead. “She’s a fifteen-year-old with no money and no job. Where exactly do you think she’s going to go after she steals my car?”
“If you came here to look down your nose at us or be mean to my kid, you can just—”
“I haven’t. And I would never,” Hailey was quick to say in her own defense. “Violet has been less than welcoming, I might add,” she told her, delivering a pointed and, yes, slightly superior look. So much for the whole not looking down my nose thing. Rein it in, Hailey, she told herself, struggling for calm.
“What did you expect? You practically disowned us both, Hailey. Your own niece doesn’t even know you. Can you blame her for not wanting to. Can you?”
Hailey refused to let the blatant guilt-trip phase her. “What did you expect? That I would ever trust you again after what you did? That I’d want to be around you?”
“Hailey,” Gran’s tone held a warning, “I think you girls are getting—”
“What’s really sad to see, though,” Hailey went on, “is that you have raised my niece to be every bit as rude and disrespectful and irresponsible as you are. Which maybe wouldn’t be so bad if either of you would for once learn to at least look out for yourselves while you’re screwing over everyone around you.”
“Off track,” Gran finished on a sigh, with that here-we-go-again look she usually got whenever she had to get between Hailey and her sisters. 
“You. Are. A. Bitch,” Maddie hissed. 
“And you are a slut,” Hailey retorted, shoving her face closer to the glass that separated them, the barrier feeling thinner by the minute.
“Have you been taking lessons from Treva?” Maddie asked sweetly.
“Don’t you dare trash Treva.”
“Why not? She’s a bigger bitch than you are. Or she used to be,” her sister added with a scathing once-over.
“At least I showed up,” Hailey pointed out. Beside her, Gran was now filing her nails with an emery board she’d dug out of her purse, evidently having decided to occupy herself while she rode out the storm that had been raging between Hailey and Maddie since high school. “And anyway, Gran is right. We’re getting off track. We are here. So what happens now?”
For a few beats, Maddie looked lost, and even the rhythmic swish swish swish of Gran’s emery board stopped. “I don’t know,” she finally said. “I’m, I…”
“What do you want me to do?” Hailey amended, trying to rephrase the question like she would have for her students. “You tell me.”
“Get me a lawyer.”
“We’re already on it. What else?”
Her gaze hardened. “Get my daughter far, far away from here.”
Hailey nodded. “Don’t bring Violet to the prison again. Got it.”
“No. I mean, after you get my lawyer, take Violet back home with you. To Ohio.”
She frowned, although Maddie’s request made sense, especially for a long-term solution. “You don’t think you’ll get out, do you?”
“Maybe. Maybe not.” Her expression became shuttered. “But if I do, I’ll be right behind you. Promise me, Hailey. You’ll get her out of here? You’ll take care of her?”
“And finish raising her?”
Maddie cringed. “It’s a lot to ask, I know.”
“I’ll take care of her.”
She closed her eyes briefly, and they were red-rimmed when she re-opened them. “Thank you.”
Hailey went silent, trying to figure out the least invasive way to pry, finally deciding there wasn’t one. “Maddie, what happened that night? In the woods?” When she didn’t answer, Hailey pressed on. “Mrs. Carlyle said… Did you really…” she trailed off, at a loss. 
“Yes.”
Hailey swallowed. “It was self-defense, though, right? What did he do, Maddie?”
Maddie lowered her eyes. “That doesn’t matter now.”
“Doesn’t matter? How can you say that? What—”
“Just get Violet away from this town. Don’t worry about anything else right now, you understand?”
“I get it, but—”
“You guys should go. I … I love you all. Okay? I love you, and I’m sorry.”


Chapter Ten

Hailey wasted no time grilling her niece once they got back to the SUV. 
“I want to know what you know, and I want to know yesterday.” Beside her, Gran was nodding in agreement as she buckled herself in and Hailey cranked the engine to life. Violet eyed Hailey coolly in response, sizing her up. 
“I know that you need to get off of my back,” she said, the words evenly spaced, shades of her mother showing through in the defiant tilt of her head and the I-dare-you glint of her eyes. She waited until Hailey was pulling out of the prison’s parking lot to add, “By the way, the Lucky Charms Man and I are getting married.”
The announcement had Gran reaching for the smokes. Hailey, however, was beyond surprise. She merged into a light but steady stream of traffic and plucked the cigarettes from her grandmother’s hand all without breaking stride. 
“Well, really,” Gran huffed as Hailey tossed her latest fix out the window. “It’s not good for the kid,” Hailey said, the phrase becoming automatic, unfortunately, by now. “You know what else isn’t good for the kid?” Hailey asked cheerfully. “Marrying the Lucky Charms Man because she thinks she has no other options. If that’s even legal.” Right then, her niece looked like she would happily kill her. 
“I told you he looks like the Lucky Charms Man,” Gran said. 
Through the rear view mirror, Hailey leveled a stern gaze into the backseat. “Violet, does he even have a job? Where did you meet this guy? And did your mother approve of this?”
Gran gave her “that’s right” nod with each question. Violet remained stubbornly silent, her jaw tightening like a wind-up toy that was about to pop its spring. 
A second later, all three of them heard the sirens. Hailey glanced back instinctively and swore. Okay. Maybe he wanted to get around them. She eased off the gas as Gran cried, “What are you doing? Step on it, Hailey!” 
The cop chirped his siren and rode their bumper. They were definitely being pulled over. She couldn’t for the life of her think what rules of the road she might have broken in the three blocks she’d traveled from the prison. “We are not running from the police.”
“Your sister would do it,” she groused as Hailey steered the SUV smoothly to the shoulder, somehow, with shaking hands. 
She braked and threw the car in park. “My sister is in prison.” She had to be talking about Maddie. Treva’s driving record was probably so clean it squeaked. In the backseat, her niece had snagged a small square notebook from somewhere in the decidedly unsqueaky vehicle. Hailey alternated between eyeing the tall, thin cop as he advanced on them, and her niece as she snagged a pen out of her purse and began to scribble something on a fresh page. 
“Quick, Hailey, pedal to the metal, now, while he’s too far away from his car to catch us.”
“What are you doing?” Hailey asked Violet, ignoring Gran completely now. 
She finished the last block letter and held it up for all to see. 
HELP I’VE BEEN KIDNAPPED filled the entire page. 
Hailey’s eyes narrowed. “Don’t. You. Dare.”
Violet held the notebook out of reach when Hailey twisted around in the seat and lunged for it. “Not so fast,” she taunted, a shrewd look in her devilish little teenage eyes. 
“What will it take?” Hailey asked through her teeth. 
“No more threatening to shoot my boyfriend.”
In the passenger seat, Gran stiffened and faced forward. “I make no promises,” she said. 
“Fine,” Hailey agreed. “Just put that thing away.” Not that anyone would believe her. Probably. Maybe. The cop had reached the car and tapped his flashlight against the glass. 
She pressed the button to lower the window the rest of the way and gave him her best don’t-arrest-me smile. 
“License and registration,” he said flatly. 
“Yes, sir.” She swiveled around in the seat and grabbed her purse from where it rested on the console, then rummaged around until she found her wallet—her purse wasn’t any more organized than the rest of the car—and handed him her license and insurance card. Gran slowly took the registration from the glove box and passed it over. Hailey sent Violet a warning glance before turning back to the officer. She returned the look with a smug smile as she drummed her purple fingernails against the notebook’s plastic cover. 
Hailey meant to say, What seems to be the problem here, Officer. Or something equally polished. A Treva response. What actually came out was, “What did I do?” Which, all things considered, was better than what do you want or can I help you. It was at least a few steps up the ladder from Gran, who yanked her top lower in a blatant attempt at exposing the greatest amount of wrinkled cleavage possible, or Violet, who glared from the backseat as she kept her death grip on that damned notebook. If looks could talk, this guy would be saying something like I didn’t ask for this. As it was, he lowered his mirrored sunglasses to expose clear blue eyes which were not amused. He used one hand to tuck the shades into the front pocket of his jacket, all while not only keeping hold of but perusing Hailey’s ID and registration. 
“Now, that’s skill,” she blurted, immediately wishing she could swallow the words back down. 
Officer Unfriendly raised a brow, his expression otherwise remaining unchanged. Disinterest met … not outright hostility, exactly, but something close to it. 
Yet another reason for her to avoid getting sucked into a conversation with the man. Now that she’d gone out on that limb, though…
“Ambidextrous,” she explained, gesturing toward his hands when his eyebrows pulled down into a sharp V above those ice-cube eyes. “You were using both—”
“I know what ambidextrous means.”
“Hands,” she finished lamely. 
Beside her, Gran muttered, “Oh, hell, should have just made a run for it,” and gave up trying to inch her shirt down to indecent-exposure levels. 
Violet and Hailey let out—surprisingly identical—sighs at that. Hailey wasn’t ready to acknowledge that she and the hellspawn could possibly have anything in common. The cop straightened, then took a step back on the curb as he instructed them to “Wait here.” 
Hailey turned her head in time to be at eye-level with his retreating package. “Oh my,” Gran murmured. 
“Yes, but you have to consider what’s attached to it,” Hailey replied without looking at Gran. “Not worth it.”
“You guys are so gross,” Violet complained. 
“Shame,” Gran tsked, as if Violet hadn’t spoken. “It would probably get you out of a ticket.”
She briefly eyed the officer in her rear view mirror. Shook her head. “Thanks, but I’ll take the ticket. Not that I’ll get one.” She hoped. “I don’t think I did anything, did I?”
Gran shrugged, then sighed. “What a waste of a penis.”
****
“Five hundred dollars,” Hailey fumed, slapping the ticket against the kitchen table. A full hour had passed, and she was still seething. “Five hundred. For your cigarettes, Gran.”
For once, her grandmother didn’t have a snappy comeback. Furthermore, she actually had the grace to look repentant. 
Violet pursed her lips, rested her arms on the table, and spun a can of coconut water lightly between her palms. “To be fair, Aunt Hailey, you were the one who littered the cigarettes out the window.”
She glared at her niece. “Who asked you?”
In answer, Violet blew her a kiss, and Hailey considered just rolling with her newfound life of crime and strangling her. 
Gran ignored them both and reached for her purse. “Of course I’ll pay the ticket, Hailey,” she said, going for her checkbook. And making her granddaughter feel like an ass, which, knowing Gran, had been her intention all along. But still… 
“I’m not taking your money.”
She was studiously ignoring her and writing a check a second later when Hailey’s phone buzzed in her pocket. A quick glance at the screen revealed “Bitch Goddess” was calling.
“Treva,” she told Gran, when she glanced up in question. “I’ll take it outside.”
“Tell her we said hello,” Gran called after her. 
“Well, hello, madam career woman,” Hailey said as she stepped onto the back porch, pulling the sliding door shut behind her. 
“You’re in a mood.” The observation was made lightly, for the most part, but her sister’s tone held a note of caution. 
“A mood,” Hailey reflected, frowning at the small collection of cigarette butts beneath the kitchen window. “You could say that.”
“How are … things.”
Hailey moved deeper into the yard as she considered that question. She followed a short path of paving stones to a white plastic patio set, nothing fancy, just a table, leaf-covered umbrella, and two chairs. Did her sister come out here to sit beneath the big shade tree on hot summer days? A faded brown circle stained one corner of the table. Did she drink her coffee here on cool autumn evenings?
“Hailey?”
She circled the patio set but didn’t sit down. Instead, she kept moving, wandering aimlessly through her sister’s backyard. “We visited Maddie in prison today. She looks like shit, in case you were wondering. Gran has turned into Smoky the Bear. Maddie isn’t talking. And Gran apparently packed her gun in her suitcase for this trip.”
“Anything else?” Treva asked weakly before shushing someone in the background.
“Who are you talking to?” Hailey asked.
“Kevin.”
“Oh. Hi, Kevin.”
“My sister says hi. No, not the one in jail. Why would… Never mind. Yes. Hailey. He says hi, Hailey.”
“Oh, and I almost forgot—our niece is screwing the Lucky Charms Man.”
“What?” Treva screeched into the phone. 
Hailey exhaled and came to a stop beside the patio set, metal scraping over stone as she pulled out a chair. 
“I see Maddie neglected to tell you, too. Not that it’s been any of our business until now.”
“Maddie has neglected to tell me anything. For years. I think the last time she called was six Christmases ago. And who the hell is the Lucky Charms Man?”
“Violet’s boyfriend. He’s nineteen. I think his name’s Brandon. He has green hair, Treva. Green. Hair.”
Weighted silence followed that statement. One Hailey was in no mood to touch. Going back to the past—and, okay, to the guilt that was maybe rearing its ugly head in sporadic bursts ever since they’d come here—was useless. Nothing was going to change their present situation except hard work and cooler heads. Good luck with that. The thought whispered through her brain with all the snark and sarcasm that her niece was so infamous for. That and the recurring theme of this weekend, thus far, which was marginally easier to voice to Treva: “We are so screwed.”
After a moment, Treva sighed. “You really think so?”
“Yes,” she answered through a throat that had suddenly gone tight. “I don’t know what happened, but Maddie is acting strange. She said she did it, Treev. And do you remember how her neighbor said Maddie had been claiming self-defense? Now she’s saying that doesn’t even matter. I hope the lawyer can get more out of her. I think…”
“What she did or didn’t do is here nor there at this point,” Treva said dismissively, back in her trademark take-charge, fighting form. Not unusual. Some people drank in a crisis. Others fell apart or got weepy. Gran smoked. Hailey’s older sister went on a rampage and steamrolled everything in her path. 
“What matters now is cleaning up her mess. The lawyer Kevin found today is good,” she considered, “but we’ll need to stay ahead of this thing. We’ll handle that from here. Her counsel answers to me. I want a phone call immediately if you see anything off going on.”
“You got it, boss.” Hailey tipped the chair back on two legs and let her head loll back, watching the waxy leaves of the shade tree sway overhead. “Except that Maddie wants us to get Violet out of town. Yesterday, if possible.”
“Why?”
Even though the gesture went unseen and was pretty much pointless, Hailey shrugged. “I don’t know. She isn’t saying. But something is off here. She seems … scared.”
“Retaliation, maybe? Who was Maddie’s boyfriend? Did he have connections?”
Hailey brought the chair back down on four legs. “We just got here yesterday, Treva. So, I have no idea. But that sounds like a fair assumption. Unless she’s worried about Violet being harassed in town. This isn’t exactly Mayberry, though.”
“We need more information. I think we should hire a PI.”
“Probably a good idea.” 
“You have explained to our fifteen-year-old niece that having sex with nineteen-year-olds with green hair is the height of stupidity, I assume?”
“Yes,” Hailey said slowly. “I have. And now she wants to run away and marry him.”
“Over my dead body. Talk to her again,” Treva seethed. 
“Treva, this girl doesn’t even know us anymore. She doesn’t seem to want to take advice from any of us, about anything. Literally, the little witch wouldn’t take a donut because I suggested it when we stopped for gas today. You think she’ll listen to me about a major life decision?”
“If she’s smart, yes.”
Hailey sighed. “She’s … stubborn. Thinks she knows it all.”
“Just like Maddie,” Treva said, matching her sigh. Hailey could practically see her shaking her head, even four states away. “Okay. So we pay her.”
“You want to pay her to dump a guy.”
She glanced behind her, to the lit-up house. Lowered her voice when she noticed the shadow by the kitchen window. Was said window open an inch at the bottom? She couldn’t tell. “You realize that sounds really—”
“Logical?” she supplied, talking over Hailey. “Yes, thank you. And it’s not paying her to do anything. It’s helping her to see reason. If she goes through with her plan, she’s going to be broke. Or you will be, once she comes back alone and pregnant at sixteen after this kid walks. But if she sees reason, does the right thing,” Treva explained patiently, “she will have all the help and support she needs. We’ll get her into a dorm after she finishes high school. Set up an internship in her chosen career.”
“And if she runs off with this guy, or keeps seeing him—or any one of a thousand she could find just like him—she gets nothing and she’s on her own?” Hailey asked, incredulous.
“If she continues to make unwise choices, she will have to be responsible enough to take the consequences of her actions,” she said tactfully. 
Hailey said nothing, not even sure where to begin.
“Well?” Treva prompted. 
“I’ll see what I can do. The bigger question is what are we going to do about Maddie?” she asked, worried for what felt like the tenth time that night. Her mind was stuck on a loop that went something like: Maddie, Violet, Gran, jail, gun, leprechaun. We are so screwed. 
“What we’re already doing. Damage control. How soon can you get back here?” 
“I feel like we should stay here for a while. In case…” Hailey trailed off. In case what? She didn’t know. She would be going against Maddie’s wishes. And she needed to get back home at some point in the near future, back to her actual life, where she didn’t have to live knee-deep in old memories and the messes and drama her little sister was so good at creating. Everything was so up in the air here, and she hated not knowing what each day would bring. Yet all she could say with any certainty was that leaving felt wrong. 
Chapter Eleven

“You lied.”
Violet was waiting for her in the kitchen, and the evenly-spoken assessment was nothing more than a smokescreen. Before Hailey could do anything but blink, let alone form a response, an angry torrent of words spilled from her niece’s dark purple lips.
“You’re not here to help us at all! You don’t give a shit if my mom rots in prison for the rest of her life for something that wasn’t even her fault! You don’t care about us. You sit there and tell everyone our business like you’re so perfect. Well, screw you! I’m not leaving this house. I’m not living with you—ever! I’ll leave in the middle of the night, and I’ll find a way to help my mom on my own. Brandon will help me. He’s actually there for me, unlike you.”
Hailey crossed her arms over her chest and silently counted to ten. Then twenty. “Are you done yet?” she asked when she felt calm enough to speak.
“Go to hell, Aunt Hailey.”
“Kid, I’m already there.” She started down the hall, brushing past her niece without looking at her. 
“Where are you going?” Violet asked, suspicion lacing her tone. 
“To get ready for bed. If you want to talk, you can come with. Or not. You can stand in the kitchen all night for all I care,” Hailey said tiredly, beyond done with this day and teenagers in general.
Violet bristled but turned to follow her. “You’ve got nothing to say, huh?” the kid asked snidely as she stood frozen as a statue in the bathroom doorway while Hailey brushed her teeth and ran a wide-tooth comb through her dark hair. 
Hailey eyed her niece through the bathroom mirror before turning to face her. “What do you want me to say?”
“I… Well, I…”
Hailey sighed. “Where’s Gran?”
“Out on the porch, smoking and talking on the phone to someone named Mabel.”
Hailey nodded before striding out of the bathroom and down the hall to Violet’s bedroom, where she’d stashed her suitcase the night before. She knelt, unzipping the bag and pulling shorts and a soft t-shirt from the top of the disorderly pile that was her packing job. Violet plopped down onto her bed and glared.
Hailey sat on the floor and leaned her head back against the wall. “I take it you were listening to my phone call,” she said, recalling the partially open kitchen window. “I was talking to your aunt Treva. And, yes, we were discussing your mother. And, no, it doesn’t look good for her right now, Violet.” She held up her hand when her niece leaned forward and opened her mouth to speak. “Let me finish. It doesn’t look good. But we—me, your aunt Treva, and your great-grandmother—are here to help. Treva and her husband found a lawyer for your mom. Gran and I will make sure you’re taken care of. But if you’re asking me to promise you that everything will be okay, I can’t do that.”
Violet’s eyes narrowed. “I can take care of myself.”
Debatable, but Hailey knew better than to argue the point. “Okay, well, I’m not sure how I lied to you.”
“By saying you’re actually here to help?” Violet shot back, as though it should have been obvious. 
Hailey’s phone buzzed in her pocket, two short bursts to indicate a text message, but she ignored it, keeping her attention on Violet. She propped one arm on her raised knee and watched as her niece began to angrily chip at nail polish that was the color of grape soda. Purple flecks rained down to litter the carpet. “You may not like the way we’re going about this,” Hailey said, carefully choosing her words. “But you do have to accept it. All of us have your best interest at heart, I promise you.”
“And my mom?” the teen challenged, abandoning her nail polish to grip the bedsheets and twist the fabric between her fingers. 
“Yes, your mom, too. We wouldn’t be here if not.”
“Yeah, well, you and Aunt Treva talk about her like she’s fucking trash.”
Hailey tilted her head, feeling her own eyes narrow. “You know, this conversation would flow a lot better if you stopped swearing every five minutes.”
“Tough.”
“Fine. Then you can go to bed.”
“Excuse me?” Violet looked incredulous. “Did you just tell me to go to bed?”
“That’s exactly what I told you. I’ve had a very long day, and I’m too tired to fight with you tonight. So, if that’s what you want, forget it. You want to fight with me? Do it in the morning, after I’ve had coffee.”
“Screw off,” her niece snapped before stomping out of the room. 
“Good talk,” Hailey called after her, wincing when Maddie’s bedroom door slammed across the hall a minute later. “You handled that well,” she muttered. She leaned back and closed her eyes. Maddie, Violet, Gran, jail, gun, leprechaun.
Her phone buzzed in her pocket again. With a sigh, she climbed to her feet and pulled her cell out. 
Mark: Hi
Mark: How’s your trip going?
Hailey brushed a few purple flakes onto the floor, then sat on the edge of her niece’s bed. Suspenders—she had to stop calling him that—was texting her. Could this day get any more strange? The fact that her next-door neighbor, who wore leather underpants and had spent weeks giving her grandmother’s friends and customers frequent if inadvertent peep-shows was texting her to ask about her day was … odd. The fact that it was the most normal part of her day should have been disturbing. The fact that in less than forty-eight hours, he had gone from weird neighbor to friend was … nice. And unexpected. But she couldn’t deny that a part of her had sparked to life at seeing his name on her phone. She idly tapped her phone screen for several moments as she debated how to respond. 
Hailey: Do you want the truth or a polite response.
Three dots blinked almost immediately, then: From you? The truth. Always. 
Hailey: Then it’s not as bad as I thought it would be. But I’m counting the days until I’m back home. 
His response took considerably longer this time. 
Mark: Yeah, you seemed a little … stressed out about it the last time I saw you. 
Hailey: Stressed out. 
She let herself fall back against the mattress, wondering why she found it so easy to unload on Mark. 
Hailey: You have no idea. 
Mark: Are you okay?
She twisted to her side and was tapping out a response before she’d even given herself time to think about it. 
Hailey: I saw my sister, and she looked horrible. I don’t know how much we’re even going to be able to accomplish down here, to be honest. It’s a mess. Oh, and my niece hates me. 
Her thumb hovered over the button for a split second. Then she shrugged and hit send. She’d changed into the shorts and t-shirt and shoved her feet into the fuzzy flip-flops she used as slippers when her phone buzzed again. She scooped it up from the bed and swiped her index finger over the screen, then snorted when she read his reply.
Mark: Your grandmother hasn’t made any more dirty movies, has she?
Hailey: No, but there’s always tomorrow. 
****
Hailey was up with the sun the next morning, a good two hours before Gran and Violet. She tiptoed through the house, slipping into leggings and a black racerback tank and her favorite pink sneakers. She secured her hair into a snug ponytail and set the coffeepot to brew while she was gone on her run. Her sister’s neighborhood was filled with an eclectic mix of single-story ranch homes, like Maddie’s house, bungalows, and towering old Victorians, some restored, some dilapidated. Her eyes drank in the beautiful flower gardens in several yards. She paused to snap a picture of one particularly impressive rock formation that housed a burbling fountain surrounded by colorful jasmine. She walked the last block back to her sister’s house, cooling down and just enjoying the morning. She pulled out her phone and scrolled through her contacts until she found Mark.
Hailey: Good morning. 
She attached the photo and hit send.
Mark: You’re up early. That’s pretty. Sightseeing already?
Hailey: Out for a run and had to show you that. What do you think of putting something like that in front of Shear Madness? 
Mark: Are you asking for my help? 
Hailey: No. Just your opinion. Why? Are you offering? 
Mark: Sure. Why not? We can probably YouTube it and figure out how to build one. 
Hailey: I’ll get back to you on that. Have a good day.
Mark: Aye, aye, captain. 
Hailey was smiling as she tucked her phone back into the side pocket of her leggings and sprinted up her sister’s porch steps. She poured her first cup of coffee and took it into the bathroom with her, setting it on the sink while she showered, then taking intermittent sips while she fixed her hair and put on her makeup. 
She was sitting at the table several hours later when Gran ambled into the kitchen, followed by a sullen Violet. “Well, good morning, ladies. Or should I say good afternoon?”
“It cannot be afternoon already,” Gran said around a yawn, pouring a cup of coffee and lighting a cigarette. Behind her, Violet made a face and stuck out her tongue. 
“No, it’s eleven thirty. And don’t you think you should eat something before you do that?” Hailey gestured to the cigarette. “You know, there’s a nice table out back that would be just perfect for having your morning coffee.” 
Gran raised a brow. “Maybe I will,” she said, sashaying outside in her pink robe and fuzzy slippers, a pungent cloud of smoke lingering in her wake. 
“Is she always like that?” Violet grumbled, grabbing a strawberry Pop-Tart and a cup of black coffee before—reluctantly, by all appearances—joining her aunt at the table. 
“No,” Hailey replied, turning her attention back to the list she was making. “The smoking is a new thing.”
“That’s not what I—”
“I know what you meant.”
Silence. Then, “What are you writing?”
Hailey glanced up. “I’m making a grocery list. I thought we could pick up a few things tomorrow. Today, I want to get the house cleaned up.”
Violet’s lips pulled down into a frown. “The house is fine.”
“Your mom’s been gone for a couple weeks now and it shows. If the three of us work together, we can knock out these chores in no time today.” She passed that list over to Violet.
“Wash bedding? Vacuum? Dust?” 
“What? Did I forget something?” Hailey sat back and folded her arms over her chest.
Violet rolled her eyes. “Whatever. Let’s just get this over with. Brandon is picking me up later.”
Hailey took a deep breath. “Yeah, about that—no.”
Her niece went deathly quiet and still. 
Here comes the war. Hailey waited, refusing to get sucked into a huge argument like she had the night before. 
“What do you mean, no?” Violet tightened her hand around the mug.
“Throw that at me, and it’ll be the last thing you do, little girl.”
“I wasn’t going to.” Her niece pushed the cup away. “Are you seriously telling me I can’t see Brandon?” she demanded, a whole storm brewing in her eyes.
“No,” Hailey calmly replied. “That’s not what I’m saying at all. If you were my daughter, you would never have started seeing him. But you’re not my daughter, and you have been dating him. By the way, if he touches you anytime in the next six months, I can have him arrested.”
“This is bullshit,” Violet fumed. 
“If you want to see Brandon, he can come here, to the house, and you can visit with him in the living room, in full view of me and your great-grandmother.”
Violet jolted so hard in her chair that her blue hair bounced around her thin shoulders. “Are you serious right now?”
“I’m serious about protecting you. Now pick a chore from the list, please.”
Violet stood up and slammed her chair back into place. “I’ll do the vacuuming. So I don’t have to hear you or Grandma.”
“Great. Shall I tell Gran to expect company later?”
“No,” Violet snarled before stomping back to her bedroom and slamming the door.
“Good talk,” Hailey called after her. She rubbed a hand across her forehead, where a headache was beginning to form. 
“That went well,” Gran quietly observed from the doorway. She refilled her coffee cup before taking a seat across from Hailey at the table. She picked up the loose pages and scanned the items on both lists. 
“How are you holding up?” she asked, handing the lists back to Hailey.
“Hanging in there. What about you?” Hailey tapped her pen against the tabletop. “Is it weird being in Maisy’s house?”
Gran took her time answering. She lit another cigarette, sipped at her coffee, and exhaled a thin stream of smoke before saying, “A little. But she’s been gone for six years. And we hadn’t talked for twenty years before that.” She shook her head, looking pale and tired without her makeup on. “That’s why I get on you girls so much about getting along, you know. I wish I could have gotten along with my sister. But…” She shrugged. “We were both too stubborn. It’s not too late for you and Madison, though.”
“Gran, please, can we not do this? I know you mean well, but it’s just not going to happen. Not yet,” she added purely for Gran’s benefit when the old woman’s face fell. “I’ll try. Later. Right now, I’m focused on keeping her out of prison.”
Gran nodded, seeming to accept that answer. “How good is this lawyer Treva and Kevin found?”
“I don’t know. Treva is supposed to text me his contact info, and he’s been instructed to keep us in the loop. I trust Kevin, and God help anyone who crosses Treva, so…” Hailey shrugged. “I just hope Maddie cooperates. I get the feeling there’s a lot she’s not telling us. Like why she wants us to get Violet out of town so fast.”
“Could be she wants her away from the boyfriend,” Gran mused.
“Maybe, but I doubt it.”
“Well, if Violet was in legitimate danger, surely Madison would have told us. Whatever the reason, we can be reasonably sure it’s not that.”
“Right.” She hoped. “So we keep the home fires burning while Maddie’s legal team goes to work. Make sure Violet is taken care of. The only question now is how long are we staying?”
Gran tapped her ashes into her empty cup and sighed. “I don’t feel right about leaving Maddie down here to deal with this alone. I know you want to get back home, but we can afford the time off, and at least we can see her on visiting days.”
Hailey nodded. “I’m good with that. I say we stay until we know something a little more concrete. If we can. The wheels of justice tend to move at a crawl,” she muttered. “Let’s plan on a month, to start?”
“Yes, I think so,” Gran agreed. “We’ll get through this, Hailey. Somehow, we will.”
****
They broke the news to Violet over dinner that night, after a productive but quiet day. The house felt airy and light after a thorough cleaning job, and Hailey, Gran, and Violet gathered around a table filled with grilled chicken, salad greens, and pasta with olive oil and Parmesan. A pumpkin spice candle burned in the living room, filling the house with its fragrance. 
The scrape of forks against china seemed unnaturally loud. 
When the levels of awkward reached unbearable, Hailey cleared her throat. “Violet, is there anything you want to add to the grocery list for tomorrow?”
“No,” she said without looking up.
“Okay, then. I wanted to ask you about something else, too.” 
Violet’s head came up. “What?”
“How much did you know about the man your mother…” offed “was dating?”
“Matt? Nothing,” she answered without heat. “I couldn’t even tell you his last name. He never came around. She always went to his house.”
“Was that normal for her?”
Violet shrugged. “She never brought her boyfriends around. Well, almost never. There was one guy who came around a lot, a few years ago. But it didn’t work out. After they broke up, she said she didn’t want me to be disappointed, or something like that.”
“Did your mom ever come home upset after dates with Matt? Did she ever have any strange bruises while they dated, anything like that?” Hailey asked. 
Her niece frowned. “No.”
“Oh. Because earlier, you said it wasn’t her fault, so I thought maybe you might have noticed something…”
“No, but I know my mom. She wouldn’t shoot someone unless there was no other choice. You’ll see.”
Hailey pursed her lips. “So, you didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary these past few months?”
“No, and what’s with all the questions?”
“I’m just trying to understand.” Why she killed him. Hailey left that part unsaid.
“Uh-huh,” Violet drawled. “And why clean the house and go grocery shopping?” she asked, narrowing her eyes at her great-grandmother and her aunt. “Aren’t we leaving for hell in a few days?”
Gran fixed Violet with a stern look. “If by hell, you mean Ohio, then no. Actually, your aunt and I have decided to stay here for the time being, in this house.”
Violet’s gaze flew to Gran’s, shock and something that almost looked like gratitude in her eyes. “How long?” she pressed.
“At least a month. Maybe longer,” Gran answered. 
“Thank you,” Violet said haltingly. Then she turned to her aunt. “Does this mean I can see Brandon outside of the house?”
“Not a chance,” Hailey replied. 
Violet shot her a glare that would have made a weaker woman wither. Gran lit a cigarette. Hailey reached for her water glass and gulped half of it down in one go, wishing it was wine, and the meal continued in silence as the night marched on around them. 
Chapter Twelve

The next morning, Hailey woke to the scent of fresh coffee.
She blinked, slowly stretching and sitting up in her niece’s bed, where she’d fallen asleep the night before. On the nightstand, the blue light on her phone flashed a notification. 
Mark: Hope you have a good day.
Hailey: With this bunch?
She set her phone down long enough to gather her hair into a loose knot on top of her head. 
Hailey: I’m actually tempted to sit in this bedroom all day just so I don’t have to face my niece. And I work with kids. I don’t think teenagers willingly get up at eight in the morning during their summer break, so it’s probably safe, but still… 
Hailey sighed as she stood, stretched out the kinks, then proceeded to dig through her suitcase. The sun was already creating a fiery halo around the curtains, and today promised to be another typical Southern early summer day: warm in the morning, humid in the afternoon. She swapped her sleep shorts for blue jeans and a tank top, but decided to leave her hair as it was, for now. 
She stopped only long enough to read Mark’s reply.
Mark: I haven’t spent a lot of time around kids. Wear a helmet? Sorry I don’t have better advice. There’s a reason I’m a computer programmer. Great with machines. People … not so much. 
Hailey paused in the doorway, staring down at her phone, then shaking her head and quickly tapping out: People can be overrated. 
Hailey: And it’s complicated with my niece. Hope you have a great day, too, Mark. 
She pocketed her phone and headed for the kitchen—and the coffee. Instead of Gran, she found Mrs. Carlyle at the kitchen table, a mug of tea and a small wicker basket set out in front of her. She looked bright and cheery in a floral sundress with a lace collar and shell-pink pearls. 
“Oh.” Hailey blinked, glancing around, but didn’t see anyone else. “Good morning? Where is everyone?”
The old woman looked up and smiled. “Good morning, dear. You just missed your grandma and Violet.”
“They got up this early?” she asked, pulling a mug from the dish rack and pouring fresh coffee. She turned to lean against the counter while she slowly sipped and attempted to jump start her body. Granted, she didn’t know much about Violet, but Gran was perpetually allergic to mornings. 
“They were going to the store, I believe.”
“Ah. So…” Was it rude to ask what she was doing here? 
“I came by to measure the kitchen window for the new curtains,” the woman said, as if reading her mind. “I had a lovely chat with your grandmother. Such a nice woman.”
Hailey nodded and slowly approached the table to sit across from Mrs. Carlyle. “You’re making curtains for the kitchen window?” she asked, glancing at said window and wondering what was wrong with the old curtains. They looked nice enough, white sunflowers on a blue background. 
Mrs. Carlyle nodded, gesturing to the basket at her elbow. She lifted a seamstresses tape measure and thick pencil, then set them back down in favor of two lengths of ribbon and a swatch of cream-colored muslin fabric. “Violet can’t decide between dark blue or red for the trim, but this is the fabric.” 
Hailey smiled politely. “They look pretty similar, actually.” The red and blue lacy ribbon both so deeply pigmented they were nearly interchangeable. 
Mrs. Carlyle nodded. “I think that’s why it’s difficult to choose.” She paused, took a sip of tea. “So, are things … easier, with Violet? The other day must have been quite the shock. For all of you.”
“Yes. I, ah, suppose you could say that. We haven’t seen Maddie or Violet in a very long time. Before this.” Hailey wrapped both hands around her mug, letting the warmth seep into her palms and ground her, give her something to focus on so she wouldn’t fidget under the old woman’s direct, but not unkind, stare. 
“Yes, I know.”
Did she? Somehow, Hailey doubted that. Maddie would never in a million years tell a story that would make herself look like the villain she was quite capable of being. 
Mrs. Carlyle waved a hand, pale pink nail polish winking in the bright overhead light of the kitchen. “Oh, I don’t know all the particulars. Madison never volunteered to share that information with me. And, well, I am not one to pry, really, but…”
Uh-oh. Here it comes. Hailey was bracing for the old woman to say something borderline shocking, as old ladies tended to do, in her experience. She breathed a sigh of relief when Mrs. Carlyle followed that up with, “But I know how hard it can be for families.”
Hailey took a scone from the middle of the table and picked out the blueberries, then began to methodically shred the pastry onto a napkin. “Do you have any sisters, Mrs. Carlyle?”
Her eyes were sad when she responded. “Not anymore. I’m the only one left, now. Ninety-two years young. I have some cousins left in Louisiana, and they come to visit every now and then. But I had four sisters.”
“Did you fight with them?” Hailey leaned forward, having a hard time picturing sweet Mrs. Carlyle saying boo over anything. 
“My Lord, yes.” Her eyes lit with mirth. “We drove our poor mother to distraction.”
“What about your father?”
Mrs. Carlyle smiled and began to tuck her sewing items back into the basket. “Oh, no. Absolutely not.” She drew herself up, then grinned sheepishly. “Well, on occasion. But mostly we were perfect angels around my father. Back in those days, it just wasn’t done. Misbehaving in front of your father.” She tsked. “But I remember when my oldest sister and I built a dam in the creek on our farm.” She shook her head. “I’d never seen my father so angry. He didn’t whip us, but I thought surely he would have, that time.” 
“You built a dam? That doesn’t sound so bad.”
“Not so bad? That creek supplied two other farms with water.”
“Oh. Well, yeah, that would have been bad. How old were you guys?”
Mrs. Carlyle was deep in thought for a moment, the already deep wrinkles in her forehead creasing as she considered the question. “I must have been eight, no, six. That’s right. I was six and Virginia was seven and a half that summer. And we built the dam in the creek, but we never intended to leave it there. You see, we lost track of time, and our mother called us in for supper. We meant to go back the next day and take it out, but I’d caught a cold by then, and Mother made Virginia stay inside, too. And before you knew it, one of our neighbors was knocking on the door, demanding to know why my daddy had stopped up the creek.”
Hailey shook her head, laughing with Mrs. Carlyle over the memory shared. “Then what happened?”
A wicked twinkle took over the woman’s usually calm, pale blue eyes. “My daddy yelled at us girls something awful, and then he took Virginia down to the creek and made her remove the dam by herself. And believe me, she never let me forget it.”
“I’ll bet.” Hailey tore the remaining corner off her scone and popped it into her mouth. 
“Oh, Virginia and I got along decent enough, I suppose.” Mrs. Carlyle shuddered. “Now, my sister Caroline, on the other hand…”
“No good?”
“No. Not for many years.” She surprised Hailey by reaching across the table and taking both hands in hers. “But I learned something, in all those years. Something that may help you in your dealings with Violet.”
The old woman’s hands were cool and papery and surprisingly strong around her own. “We speak from the overflow of the heart.” Mrs. Carlyle sat back, having delivered her bit of wisdom. 
Hailey wadded up her napkin and set it beside her cup. “What’s the overflow of the heart?”
Mrs. Carlyle regarded her quietly for a moment, maybe debating how to answer. “Have you ever read Psalm 4:24?”
“Um, can’t say that I have,” Hailey admitted. “My sister might have a Bible around here somewhere…” she trailed off, severely doubting that. 
“That’s okay. It’s one of my favorite pieces of scripture. It says we are to guard our heart, because everything we do flows from it. When we speak, it’s from the overflow of our hearts. Don’t you see? That’s why it’s so important, dear.”
“Okay,” Hailey said slowly. “But I don’t see how—” 
Mrs. Carlyle picked up her mug before asking, “What does the overflow of your heart look like right now? Has it been colored by your relationship with Madison?”
“No. Well, maybe. A little. But Madison and I… It’s complicated.”
“Yes, of course,” Mrs. Carlyle agreed. “But if you want to reach Violet…”
“Wait, I would never take out what happened with my sister on Violet. Of course I would never do that,” Hailey protested.
Mrs. Carlyle hesitated before giving her a sad smile and saying, “Maybe not intentionally. That’s the thing about being filled with one thing or another. It doesn’t always stay where we put it.”
Before Hailey could form a response or consider the words further, the back door burst open, and Violet swept in like a tornado, Gran hot on her heels. “Violet, get back here!”
“Just forget it!” the girl shouted, bolting down the hallway. The slam of a bedroom door echoed throughout the stunned silence she’d left in her wake. 
Hailey and Mrs. Carlyle turned identical wide eyes on Gran. 
“What happened?” they asked in unison. 
“Brandon broke up with her.” Gran set a paper grocery sack on the counter. Her mouth was set in a grim line when she regarded her granddaughter. “He called her phone when we were coming back from the grocery store. And brace yourself, because according to Violet, it’s ‘all our fault.’”
The Lucky Charms Man was gone? Hallelujah warred with oh, hell in her mind. She shoved her chair back from the table and squared her shoulders. Be brave, Hailey. Be brave. “I’ll talk to her.”
Halfway down the hall, her phone buzzed with a text. 
Mark: You won’t believe what I just found.
Hailey took a second to tap out a quick reply before shutting her phone off and shoving it into her back pocket.
Hailey: Can’t talk right now. Trouble in teen-town.
Chapter Thirteen

Rowdy classrooms had honed Hailey’s reflexes to a fine point. A skill for which she was profoundly grateful when, two seconds after she opened her niece’s bedroom door, she was forced to dodge a projectile. The teddy bear sailed past Hailey’s head and into the hallway, hitting the wall with a dull thwack. 
“Get. Out.” Violet’s red-rimmed eyes were narrowed to slits. Her mascara had left thick black streaks down her face. Beside her on the bed was a seemingly endless stack of junk to throw, everything from books to stuffed animals to thick leather cuff bracelets decorated with shiny silver studs. 
“Don’t even think about it,” Hailey warned when Violet plucked an iPod from the pile. 
“Then get out,” the teen retorted, fingers curling and uncurling from around a bottle of shimmery green nail polish next. 
“No can do, tiny terror.” Hailey took a seat on the bed, near the headboard, and regarded her niece thoughtfully. “So … I hear Brandon dumped you.”
Violet twisted away from her to face the opposite wall, but not before Hailey saw the misery flash across her face. Her thin shoulders hunched inward and she lowered her head, but Hailey knew better than to touch her or offer any obvious signs of comfort. For one thing, her prickly little cactus was more likely to throat punch her than accept a hug, not from her, anyway. For another, the girl was hanging by a fine thread and was liable to lose her shit at any moment. For all Hailey knew, one word of sympathy might be enough to tip the scales. 
That was how it had been after Michael. For weeks, Hailey had walked the fine edge of sanity. At her lowest point, she’d even hated going to the grocery store, because the cashier always said how are you, and Hailey was borderline afraid of what her own response might be. But time and patience—and burning everything Michael had ever given her—had eventually sealed the wound in her heart, deep scars notwithstanding. 
“How’d he do it?” Hailey asked, keeping her tone casual as she sifted through the pile currently occupying the middle of the bed. 
“I don’t want to talk about it,” Violet mumbled. 
Hailey pursed her lips, undaunted. “You know—”
Violet spun around, swiping fresh tears from her cheeks and further smearing her fright show of a makeup job. “Ugh, let me guess. I’ll feel better if I talk about it?”
“No.” Hailey dropped a CD back to the mattress. “No, actually, I was thinking this situation calls for some action.”
“Go on,” Violet said after a moment, sniffling. “Like what?”
For once, she didn’t stop to think if it was a good idea or what either of her sisters would say. Instead, she went with her gut. “Ever shot a gun before?”
Violet’s eyes widened. “You want to kill him?”
“No, of course not. Am I to assume you want to get rid of this stuff?” she asked, gesturing to the items between them. “These are all things he gave you, aren’t they?” she pressed when her niece remained silent. 
“You want to … shoot this stuff?”
Hailey shrugged, kind of amazed that her niece hadn’t lobbed any sarcastic comments at her in almost three whole minutes. Progress. “Only if you want to.”
Violet was silent for several long minutes. Then, slowly, she nodded. “Yeah. Yeah, I do.”
“Wash your face and meet me at the car in ten minutes. And wear actual shoes.”
By the time Hailey secured her long hair in a thick braid and swapped her sneakers for boots, Mrs. Carlyle was long gone and Gran was smoking a cigarette at the kitchen table, looking deep in thought. “Grandma, I need your gun.”
Gran startled, blinking up at Hailey, a mixture of surprise and disbelief written across her face. “Oh, God, what did he do? It must have been a doozy if you want to shoot him.”
Hailey rolled her eyes and leaned down to drop a kiss on her grandmother’s forehead. “Yeah, not looking to share a cell with Maddie anytime soon. And the gun is for target practice, not homicide. Can we borrow it?”
A slow smile spread across Gran’s face, something close to approval gleaming in her eyes. “Why, Hailey Marie, I thought you’d never ask.”
****
“Where are we going?” Violet asked. The noonday sun was bright enough to blind them through the windshield, so Hailey had passed her niece an extra pair of shades when they’d started out on their journey. The girl’s face was scrubbed free of makeup, but her eyes were still swollen and bloodshot, likely another reason she had gratefully accepted the sunglasses, even going so far as to mumble a thank-you. Her blue hair had been wrestled into a high, sloppy ponytail. Like Hailey, she wore jeans, boots, and a tank top. A backpack with Brandon’s offending items sat between her feet on the floorboard. 
Hailey’s purse was filled with bullets. The gun was in the glove box. The logical part of her brain was screaming at her that this was the height of stupidity. She didn’t have a concealed-carry permit—or a gun permit at all. Then again, this was Alabama. Was one required? She hadn’t bothered to check. Gran had one. Was it valid here? Shut up, her brain finally said, effectively shutting down her worry loop. 
“Um, Aunt Hailey? Are you okay?”
“Yeah. Yeah, why?” she asked, glancing at her niece before returning her attention to the empty road ahead of her. 
“You’re gripping the steering wheel kinda hard…” 
“Oh, that.”
“Do you want to go back?” For the first time, Violet sounded uncertain. 
“No.” Hailey made a conscious effort to loosen her fingers on the wheel and relax her shoulders, which had crept steadily closer to her ears over the last twenty minutes. “Besides, we’re almost there.”
“Okay.” Violet sat back in her seat. “Whatever,” she couldn’t seem to resist adding. 
“In five hundred feet, turn left,” the monotone voice of her On-Star navigator said a few minutes later. 
Beside her, Violet sat up straighter in the seat. She whipped off the sunglasses and stared in horror at the curved metal arch overhead as they drove into the woods. “Why are we here? Why are you taking me here?” she demanded, looking like she was considering jumping from the vehicle and taking her chances on the hard-packed dirt path that wound through the trees and stretched endlessly before them. 
Hailey hit the brakes, then threw the SUV into park. Her gaze did a quick sweep of the area before settling back on her niece. “What? What’s wrong?”
“Why did you come here?” she whispered, wrapping her arms around herself and staring at Hailey, muted panic in her eyes. 
“For target practice. These are the closest woods to the house. Why? Have you been here before?”
“This is where … it happened. My mom,” she added when Hailey still looked confused. 
“Oh.” Oh. Hell. “I’m sorry, Violet. I didn’t know. We can leave.” She was already putting the SUV in reverse. 
Violet took a deep breath, then stopped Hailey with a hand on her arm and a shake of her head. 
“No. It’s okay. I … overreacted. Sorry,” she mumbled, quickly yanking her hand back and twisting her fingers in her lap. “It’s stupid. This is just a place. It doesn’t matter.” She lifted her chin a moment later, some of her usual sass and vinegar showing through. 
“You sure?” Hailey started down the path. It looked ominous, now that she knew what this place was. 
“Yeah,” Violet said, staring straight ahead. “It’s cool.”
Cool. Uh-huh. Hailey followed the dirt road deeper into the woods, stopping at the first parking area she came to. It was deserted, like the rest of the place, from what she could tell so far. “Do a lot of people come here?” Hailey asked as she chose a spot near the back of the lot and pulled in, then cut the engine. 
Violet swallowed. “Um, yeah, sometimes. Not so much anymore. Not since…”
Since Maddie had offed her boyfriend on a camping trip out here. Right. “Noted,” Hailey said quietly. 
“Really it’s more like people avoid that part of the park. All the camping spots are labeled,” Violet explained. “Mom and Matt were camping in thirteen-C. Supposedly, it’s haunted now,” she mumbled. 
“It’s not too late to go somewhere else. It’s not like we’ll have a hard time finding another wooded area.”
But Violet was already scooping up her backpack. “Nah, let’s go. We’re already here. And the camping spots are up that way anyway,” she said with a vague gesture ahead and to the right. With that, she jumped out of the vehicle and slammed the door, stalking toward a picnic area at the other end of the lot. Really, it was just two rough-hewn tables with benches bolted to a pad of concrete, surrounded by a semi-circle of thinned-out trees. 
Hailey shrugged but grabbed the gun from the glove box and slung her purse over her shoulder, then made her way toward Violet. And that’s when it hit her. 
“You thought I was going to hurt you,” she blurted, stopping a few feet away from her niece. 
Violet froze, shoulders going rigid. She didn’t say anything. Then again, she didn’t have to. When she turned around, it was there in her eyes. 
“The gun, me driving to the woods, especially here… You thought I was going to, what, kill you?” Hailey asked, incredulous. “Good God, Violet. Why would you think that?”
That seemed to light a fire under the girl. “Why not? I—I don’t even know you. I mean, not really. I was, like, eight years old the last time I even saw you. You don’t even like me,” Violet said bitterly, kicking at a clump of overturned grass near the concrete pad. “Seriously, it’s so obvious.”
“You’re my niece. Of course I like you.” At Violet’s skeptical look, she relented. “Okay, okay, I’ll admit, you get under my skin sometimes.” Hailey shrugged, knowing better than to follow that statement up with something cliche like but you’re fifteen, so what did I expect. Instead, she held out her hand, motioning for Violet to give up the backpack. 
Hailey unzipped the bag and proceeded to pull out each item. CDs, books, a movie poster, a framed selfie featuring a grinning Brandon and a pouty Violet, all were lined up in two long, neat, evenly spaced rows across both picnic tables. “You know…” Hailey considered, setting a ridiculous-looking stuffed bunny that wore a crimson bikini and had obscene red lips on the end of the table. “When I first came here, I, well, I looked at you and … I saw my sister.” Hailey sighed as she dug the small pile of bullets out of her purse and set them on the table one by one. “Today, though, I looked at you and saw me.”
“What do you mean?” Violet asked suspiciously. 
Hailey began to load the gun. “I mean, a wise person once said that we speak whatever is in our hearts. Even if we tell ourselves we won’t.” She shook her head. “At least some of it comes from there.”
“From your heart?” Violet asked, deadpan. 
“Yes.”
“The wise person wouldn’t be Mrs. Carlyle, would it?”
“Maybe. And once may or may not mean this morning,” Hailey said with a wave of the hand that wasn’t holding the gun. “But that’s not important. The point is, I’ve been looking at you through the lens of your mom. And that’s wrong. Today, I looked at you through my own lens, and that’s wrong, too.” She smiled sadly at the girl. “You aren’t any of those things. You’re just … Violet. Do you understand what I’m trying to say?”
Her niece shrugged and stepped up beside her, facing the picnic tables. “That you’re sorry for being a bitch?”
Hailey ground her back teeth together for a moment, but then snorted. “Sure, why not. You know, you are a lot like me, though.” She palmed the gun and stared at the items lined up on the tables. “When I was in college, my fiance cheated on me.”
“Huh. How’d you catch him?” Violet asked after a few moments, looking at Hailey like her aunt was about to impart some great secret of the universe. 
“Don’t get too excited. It wasn’t any skilled detective work on my part. I walked in on him with another woman.”
Violet cringed. “Right when they were…?”
“Yeah.”
“Oh. Sorry,” Violet offered lamely.
“So was I. At first. For a long time, I thought I’d never get over it. Michael was my high school sweetheart. I had maybe two boyfriends before him, and a few since. Nothing serious. I don’t get close to anyone anymore. And it happened so gradually that I didn’t realize I was shutting myself away from the rest of the world. But maybe, if I’d had someone to help me let it out, all the pain and the anger I felt… Don’t hold it inside, Violet. That would be the real tragedy. Not this breakup.”
Violet had been watching her the whole time, quiet and serious. “Who did he cheat on you with?” she finally asked. 
Hailey bit her lip, shook her head. “It doesn’t matter. Now then—”
“It was my mom, wasn’t it?”
She exhaled, quickly debating the pros and cons of the truth versus a lie in this situation. Truth won out. “Yes. How did you…?”
“A guy named Michael used to call her all the time after we first moved here.”
“Oh,” Hailey replied, at a loss and determined not to ask her niece what Maddie had said when Michael used to call. 
“Wow.” Violet rocked back on her heels. “No wonder you hate my mom.”
“I don’t exactly hate your mom…”
“You don’t like her, though.”
“No, I don’t.”
“But you’re here trying to help her.”
Hailey nodded, watching her carefully for a reaction.
“Why?” Violet asked.
She sighed. “Because she’s still my sister. And she’s very important to your great-grandmother. I don’t know where we all go from here. But … right now, I believe we came here to blow some stuff up?”
The beginning of a genuine smile touched Violet’s lips. 
****
“I don’t know,” Violet said, taking off her sunglasses and lowering the gun. “I feel really bad shooting the iPod. It feels wrong somehow.”
Glass, paper, small bits of plastic, shredded fabric, and cotton stuffing littered every available surface of the picnic area. The only thing they hadn’t blown away was nail polish, and that was only in the interest of not completing an act of outright vandalism by showering the tables in paint that probably wouldn’t ever come off. 
Hailey wiped a hand across her brow and regarded the offending device, the last man standing, so to speak, on the picnic table in front of them. “Shoot the thing. If you don’t, you’ll take it home and listen to it, and then you’ll cry.”
Violet frowned, clearly torn. “Yeah, but it was really expensive. Maybe I should pawn it instead.”
“I’ll buy you a new one. Shoot it.”
Her niece raised the weapon, only to lower it again. She tapped the sunglasses against her thigh. “Do you know what the last thing he said to me was? Thanks for the sex, Violet, but I’m not really looking for a relationship right now. Face it, Aunt Hailey, we’re total rejects. Misfit toys that no one wants to play with.”
Hailey shook her head. “Great, we can start our own club and sell t-shirts. And who cares what he said? He has green hair and a patchy beard.”
Her niece nodded slowly. “Yeah, you’re right. Screw this.” Violet slipped the glasses back on, widened her stance, and took aim. A second later, she squeezed the trigger, and the last part of her life with the Lucky Charms Man went down in a hail of gunfire. 
A tear slipped out from beneath the glasses as Violet handed the gun back to her aunt. Hailey wrapped her in a quick hug. “It’ll be okay, Violet. All of it.”
“Uh-huh, right.” She stiffened beneath the touch, and she didn’t sound especially convinced, but the words were spoken without her usual fire. 
“Come on,” Hailey continued, surveying the retail carnage they’d left in their wake, “we’d better get this mess cleaned up. Grab the broom and dust pan from the backseat while I see what trouble Gran has managed to get into since we’ve been gone.” She pulled her phone from her pocket and turned it on, mentally cringing over the fact that she’d forgotten turning it off earlier. She waited impatiently for it to come to life and pick up a signal. When it did, she was relieved to see there were no missed calls from Gran. There were about twenty from Mark, though. Ping, ping, ping. Text messages continued to pop up alongside the missed call and voicemail notifications. 
Mark: Hailey, you need to call me RIGHT NOW.
Mark: Where are you?
Mark: Dammit, Hailey. 
She didn’t bother listening to the voicemail. Just called him back. “Mark, what—” she began when he picked up. 
“Where are you?” he demanded. “Tell me you’re someplace safe.”
Hailey glanced around at the silent woods surrounding them, the smell of gunpowder and pulverized plastic thick in the air. “Why?”
Static. Violet had returned with the broom and dustpan. She gave Hailey a questioning look. “It’s fine,” Hailey mouthed. Then, “Mark, I can’t hear you. What?”
“The tape! Hailey, I found the tape in the bushes outside my window.”
She pulled her phone away from her ear and frowned, then put it back up to her lips. “You found the porno? And this is urgent news because?”
Violet froze mid-sweep. 
“That’s not the important part. You need to see what else is on that tape. I’m sending pictures I pulled from it now.”
“Pictures from—”
“There was someone else on the tape, in the background. He was watching the old ladies. He got into your house after they left, Hailey.”
Hailey felt the chill creep along her spine. She held up a hand for Violet to stop what she was doing. “Tell me this is a joke, Mark.”
“I wish it was. Check your messages. It just went through.”
Ping. 
Ping. Ping. Ping. Ping.
“I’m looking at it now. Hold on.” She clicked on the messages app. 
The still-frame shots had been enlarged and lightened, and what they showed made Hailey’s blood run cold. The man was little more than a vague shape in several shots featuring Gran and her friends. But closer to the house, where there was more moonlight to pick him up and less shadow to cover him, he was impossible to miss. Dark clothes, average build, tall. A stocking cap covered his face. In the final two shots, he was standing outside Hailey’s bedroom window, then crawling inside. 
“Oh. My. God.”
“What’s going on?” Violet demanded, standing on tiptoes to peer over Hailey’s shoulder. 
“Where are you right now?” Mark asked.
Hailey pinched the bridge of her nose between her thumb and forefinger, focusing all her energy on staying on her feet and not scaring her niece any more than necessary. Now is a bad time to pass out. “My niece and I are in the woods right now … hiking.”
“I’m headed your way. I’ve been on the road since this morning. Text me your sister’s address. I should be there in a few hours.”
Hailey exhaled. “Okay, okay, let’s just calm down.” He was in my bedroom. She shivered. “Maybe it was some random robber.” He. Was. In. My. Bedroom. While I slept. 
“Had you noticed anything missing?”
“No … nothing that stands out. But that doesn’t mean he didn’t take something. And we don’t know that the guy followed us here.”
“We don’t know he didn’t, either. And with everything going on with your sister, can you really afford not to assume the worst? Think about it, Hailey. What are the odds that this is all unrelated?”
“They aren’t great,” she admitted. Hailey made a concerted effort to slow her heart rate. “I’m texting you the address now. Violet and I are heading back to the house.”
She’d no sooner hung up when Violet latched onto her back and pointed behind her. “Aunt Hailey, what is that?”





Chapter Fourteen

Hailey sat across from her sister, studying her with new eyes. That and a whole lot of determination. Maddie was not going to put her off this time. Her sister sat down and looked around, smoothing auburn hair that was only marginally cleaner than the last time Hailey had been here. Before her sister had even picked up the phone in the cramped prison cubicle, Hailey dug the photo out of her pocket and slapped it against the Plexiglas that separated them, holding it there while Maddie’s eyes widened and her skin lost all color. 
“Where did you get that?” Maddie whispered the second her sister picked up the phone on her end. Her gaze bounced wildly around before settling back on Hailey. 
“Talk,” Hailey said grimly, tucking the photo back into her pocket. “You know what this is. And you’re going to start talking, so help you God.”
“Where’s Violet?” she asked instead, borderline wild. 
“She’s in the car, with Gran and my … neighbor.”
Maddie swallowed. “How did you get that? Is Violet okay? Are you guys … okay?”
“Maddie,” she said, refusing to be put off. “What is going on?”
“Where did you get that?” her sister repeated instead, making Hailey want to scream. 
Fine. She would play her game—for now. “Gran made a dirty video of Mark before we left Ohio to come here. He found it in the bushes early this morning. He played the tape back to see what shenanigans Gran and her friends were up to that night, then was going to delete it when he saw a man in the background. The video shows the guy following the Survivors’ Club outside Mark’s house. Then it showed the same man crawling into my bedroom window. He was wearing all black. Mark had to enhance the video something like times ten to even get a good shot of him. Gran and the girls were probably too drunk that night to notice anyway.” Hailey gritted her teeth, thinking of how close the man had been to her grandmother. To her. 
Maddie looked like she might faint. Her knuckles turned white around the dinged-up beige telephone receiver. “Gran made a… Never mind.” She shook her head. “What about the Polaroid?”
“Whoever broke into my bedroom that night took this picture of me while I was sleeping. And he followed me and Violet today in the woods—”
At this, Maddie shot forward, earning a warning glare from one of the guards. “What were you doing taking her into the woods?” she hissed. “I told you—”
“Nothing. You told us exactly nothing. But you know who this guy is, don’t you? You knew there was a chance he would follow us, like he did today. Mark called to tell me what he’d found on the tape. Whoever this guy is, he was obviously close by, had been all afternoon, because one minute that photo of me in bed wasn’t there. The next, Violet turned around and saw it lying on one of the picnic tables.”
Maddie closed her eyes, like she was praying. When she reopened them, she looked weary, all the fight suddenly drained out of her. Tears turned her eyes to liquid gold. “He showed me a similar picture of you, when he came to visit me here. He … he has one of Violet, too.” She used the sleeve of her orange jumpsuit to scrub at her face. “He was so proud. He wanted me to know he could get to anyone close to me, at any time he chose.” She huffed out a sound that was a cross between a laugh and a sob. “That night in the woods, he said if I told anyone, he’d come after my entire family. I had to protect you all. Even if it meant spending the rest of my life behind bars. I didn’t talk, Hailey. I swear I didn’t. Why is he doing this now? Why is he—”
Hailey felt her own fingers tighten around the cold plastic of the phone, the object grounding her as her mind spun through several different scenarios. But, for the life of her, she couldn’t figure out what in hell her sister had gotten mixed up in. “What aren’t you supposed to tell?”
Maddie glanced around, then leaned forward and lowered her voice until it was a barely audible whisper. “That he killed Matt.”
****
Hailey was a bundle of pent-up energy when she climbed behind the wheel and turned to face the other three occupants of the SUV. Her gaze settled first on her niece, who sat huddled beside Gran in the backseat. “You okay?” she asked. When both women nodded, Hailey turned to Mark in the passenger seat. 
“Did you see anything out of the ordinary while I was gone?” 
“No,” all three responded almost in unison. 
“What did she say?” Gran pressed.
“Is my mom okay?” Violet asked. 
Hailey took a deep breath and, for good measure, clicked the locks on the vehicle. Even though they were unlikely to get ambushed in the parking lot of a prison, in broad daylight. Waning daylight now. A glance at the clock revealed it was after six thirty. “Maddie didn’t do it. She didn’t kill anyone.”
Gran breathed a sigh of relief. “Then who…?”
Hailey’s mouth tightened. “Matt’s brother. Maddie said he followed them into the woods. He shot Matt right in front of her that night. He told her if she didn’t take the fall for the killing, he would come after her entire family.”
Mark swore. Violet pressed her hands to her mouth. Gran reached for her cigarettes, but for once, she didn’t light one, just turned the pack over and over in her weathered hands. “Why?” she finally demanded. 
Hailey shrugged. “Maddie doesn’t know for sure. But Lucas is his stepbrother and would have been next in line to inherit everything. The family business, all of it. Apparently, Matt was loaded. We’re talking generations of modest but old money. She thinks he did it for the money.”
Violet frowned. “Then why leave a witness? I mean, wouldn’t it have been smarter to…” She stopped speaking when her lower lip began to tremble. She clamped her mouth shut and glanced out the window. 
Mark slowly shook his head, voicing what Hailey had already worked out for herself. “No. No, if he stood to inherit a bunch of money, that trail would have led straight back to him. It was safer to leave Maddie alive and set her up to take the fall in his place. Once she’s convicted, I bet he finds a way to get rid of her, too, though.” 
Gran bristled. “Over my dead body.”
“Damn right,” Violet added.
“Violet, language,” Gran chastised, earning an incredulous look from everyone else in the car. 
Mark drummed his fingers on the center console. “You all realize that right now, this is all pure speculation in the eyes of the law. How are we going to prove any of it? Other than some grainy video footage of someone with his entire face covered, we have zero real evidence. He must have already been getting nervous, waiting to see how much you all knew, if he was following you. I think we can safely say after my phone call, he knows the jig is up. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have left that picture on the table today.”
Hailey shook her head. “Maybe not. Could be he’s trying to scare us into leaving town.”
Gran nodded. “That would certainly make the little asshole’s life less complicated.”
Violet leaned forward. “Okay, but what are we going to do?”
“We’re going to call the police,” Gran said, looking to Hailey for confirmation.
“Yes, of course. Although, we’ve got a gun with Maddie’s prints on it, along with her signed confession. Even if we can get the cops to take another look at the case, I don’t know… This guy has had a lot of time to cover his tracks. But I agree we need to call the police. Gran, would you take Violet to Mrs. Carlyle’s house and keep her there until we get back? And keep this on you,” she said, handing over the gun and bullets from the glovebox. 
Gran’s eyes narrowed. “Get back from where?” she asked, suspicious. 
“I’m going to stop by the police station, then drop Mark off at his hotel so he can get his things. I think we should all stick together for the time being. Safety in numbers.”
Mark gave her an odd look but remained silent. 
“And call Treva,” Hailey added, cranking the engine to life. “She needs to contact the lawyer and that PI we were talking about retaining. We have to stay ahead of this thing.”
Gran nodded. “Can do. And, Hailey?”
“Yes?” she replied, keeping her attention on the road even though Gran’s stare was practically burning a hole in her back. 
“Promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
“Promise,” she murmured. 
Mark was on her the minute they dropped Gran and Violet off at Mrs. Carlyle’s. 
“What are you up to?” he asked, a note of caution in his tone. “I never checked into a hotel.”
Hailey swallowed, not taking her gaze off the road. “I know.”
Mark stilled. “You said you’d leave this to the police.”
“No, I said I’d call the police. And I will,” she added quickly before he could object. “But I need to get a look at that crime scene.”
“Oh, hell. Why?”
Hailey turned right, onto the highway that would take her to the place where Matt had been murdered. She slowed her speed, glancing around to make sure they weren’t being followed. 
“Because someone needs to take a closer look at it. Maybe the cops—if they can even be trusted—missed something. Something they weren’t looking for. Hair, a watch, a footprint. I don’t know. Something. It’s entirely possible, since they already had my sister’s confession.”
“How are you even going to find the exact spot? Do you have any idea how long that could take?”
“Thirteen-C.”
“What?”
“Thirteen-C. That’s the camping plot Maddie and Mark had that night. According to my niece, half the town thinks it’s haunted now.”
Mark eyed her like she’d lost her mind. “Hailey, are you listening to yourself? You’re putting yourself in danger to try to find a stray hair, a footprint? A watch that could have come from anyone?” Mark said, looking for all the world like he was wondering what he’d gotten himself into. “Hailey. Stop. Talk to me. This isn’t like you.”
“We had one date. You barely know me,” she answered evenly, steering the SUV underneath the metal arch at the entrance to the woods. 
“Not true,” Mark said quietly. “I’ve been watching you for months. Living next door, it’s impossible not to see things.”
“No kidding,” Hailey muttered. 
“You’re the calm in the storm. You’re usually the voice of reason. Why are you doing this?”
Hailey pulled as far off the road as the narrow path allowed and threw the SUV in park. Pressed her forehead against the steering wheel. She cut the lights but left the engine running. 
“Hailey…”
“Because she won’t talk to the police,” she said, fighting back tears now that she didn’t have to put up a front for Gran and Violet. 
Mark’s hand was gentle on her arm a moment later. “Why not?”
Hailey shook her head, remembering her sister’s words. “She’s too scared to talk to the police, or her lawyer, and she doesn’t trust me to keep Violet safe.”
She turned into Mark’s arms, accepting the hug and letting his scent—warm leather and citrus—wrap around her. She gulped down several deep breaths, two weeks of stress coiling tight and threatening to erupt. Years’ worth of emotions vying to take her under. “My sister and I have a long history.”
“I have two older brothers. I know how that can be.”
Hailey shook her head, the cotton of his t-shirt soft against her face. “The last thing I told my sister, before this year, was that I was done with her. And her daughter. I didn’t say that part in so many words. But she said ‘what about Violet?’ Seven years ago, I said that if Violet grew up without me, that was Maddie’s fault.”
Mark rubbed slow circles into her back. “What did she do?”
“She slept with my fiance. Two weeks before the wedding.”
“I take it back,” he murmured, his lips close to her hair. “I don’t know how that is. Wow, Hailey, I’m sorry.”
“Maddie was in the wrong. I’ll probably never trust her again. But I missed … everything. I let her cheat me out of everything. My niece growing up. My trust. I feel like I let them win, her and Michael.” The tears were coming harder now, the walls she’d put up almost a decade ago crashing down in the face of Mark’s quiet acceptance. 
“Shhh,” Mark whispered, pulling her over the console and rocking her on his lap. “It’s going to be okay,” he said once she’d calmed down and wiped the tears from her cheeks. 
“It will be,” she said, smoothing damp strands of hair away from her face. “Once I make sure this guy can’t hurt my family.”
“Hailey, listen to me. Listen,” he insisted, framing her face with both of his hands, “this isn’t the way. The best thing you can do for your family is to not get yourself killed trying to hunt this guy on your own after tonight. Let the police handle it. And odds are, you won’t find anything in those woods. And if you’re out here half the night, everyone will worry. Do what you promised your sister and your grandmother. Call the police. Call the lawyer. Go visit Maddie again tomorrow and try to talk some sense into her. Come on, Hailey, you’re smarter than this.” His thumbs were rough as he rubbed her cheek. “This is what he wants. You scared. Your whole family scared. Don’t give it to him. I’m here. Let me help you. Let me take you back home.”
Hailey went still at his words … and at his touch. Like the first time, he sent mini shockwaves off inside her, her nerve endings waking up in ways they hadn’t in three years. He touched her, and despite the stress of the day, and her current predicament—or maybe, in part, because of it—her body responded. She glanced up at him, intending to thank him for talking some sense into her, for driving nine and a half hours to make sure she was safe and bring her the tape, for offering to stay.
A second later, the driver’s side window shattered. 
Chapter Fifteen

For the second time in two weeks, all hell broke loose. Hailey screamed. Mark flipped her around and shoved her onto the floorboard, covering her with his body and yelling at her to stay down. Gunshots, shouts, and sirens flared to life around them to pepper the night with chaos. Flashing lights—some red and blue, others the bobbing white of flashlights in the half-light of dusk—could be seen when Hailey peeked out from a small gap between Mark’s arm and the seat. 
“All clear!” a gruff voice yelled, followed by, “Over here!”
Then the passenger door was yanked open to reveal a very familiar face. “Well, Ms. Jones, is it?” said the same cop who’d pulled her over a few days ago. “It’s safe to come out now,” he said, his expression giving away nothing. 
Mark lifted himself off of her and cautiously looked around. “What the hell just happened?” he said.
She listened in disbelief as a cop explained that they’d had a tip come in and had just stopped an armed assailant from firing another shot at the SUV. She stood beside him, her gaze bouncing around what had previously been a deserted forest. Several yards away, a body lay on the ground, surrounded by paramedics. 
“Is that…?” she whispered to Mark, clinging to his arm and leaning close to his ear. 
“Matt’s brother? I would assume so,” he replied, running a hand through his mussed hair. 
“Is he dead?”
“I sure as hell hope so,” he muttered. 
Immediately, she dug her cell out of her back pocket and dialed, holding her breath until her grandmother picked up. “Gran, are you guys okay?” she practically yelled into the phone.
“We’re fine. Why?”
Hailey exhaled in relief. “Just checking.”
“What—”
“I’ll call you back. Everything’s fine,” she added before hanging up. Ten seconds later, her sister was calling. Hailey tapped out a quick text telling Treva she’d call her back. Then she muted the ringer before shoving the phone into her front pocket. 
After that, Hailey and Mark sat patiently on the tailgate of the SUV as another set of paramedics inspected them for cuts from the blown-out window. Miraculously, the bullet had gone through the driver’s side head rest and ended up lodged in the back passenger door. The safety glass ensured the window had essentially broken into pebbles and not shards, preventing any injury beyond a scrape on Hailey’s hand that she didn’t even notice until she was sitting down and getting checked out. 
An official-looking man showed up as the body in the woods was being taken away and the cops were busy securing the scene. He was tall and wore a fitted gray suit. His hair was cropped close to his skull, and he walked with purpose. “Yes, ma’am,” he said into his cell phone before pocketing the device. “Hailey Jones?” he asked, coming to a stop in front of her and Mark. 
“That’s me,” she said, exchanging a wary look with Mark and straightening away from the bumper. 
He extended his hand. “Marshall Hatfield. I’m a private investigator on retainer by your sister Treva. Are you all right?”
Hailey shook his hand. “Yes, thank you. What on earth happened? The police won’t tell us anything other than that they stopped an ‘active shooter.’ They just took our statements.”
“Treva called tonight and filled me in on the new developments. Just as I was about to call her, oddly enough. I’ve been following you—and Lucas Coburn—all day.”
So, it had been Matt’s brother they’d seen. The body. Relief warred with confusion. “How did he find us here tonight? I made sure we weren’t followed.”
“Treva paid for round-the-clock surveillance on you. And Lucas Coburn has been tailing you all day. Likely before today. This morning, I watched him place a tracker on your vehicle.” He tapped the underside of the bumper with his boot-clad foot. “If you want my opinion, he’d probably planned to get rid of you and your boyfriend tonight to send a message to Madison. Then he could have used her daughter as even more leverage. You were both lucky tonight. And I’m that good,” he said with a shrug. 
“Son of a bitch,” Mark swore, disheveling his spiky black hair even more than it already was. 
Hailey knew the feeling. “I can’t believe it’s over. It is over, isn’t it?” she asked, eyeballing the PI, afraid to assume anything at this point. 
Marshall Hatfield nodded. “It should be. I’ll be cooperating with your sister’s lawyer and the police. Evening,” he said with a small salute before heading off to speak to a detective near the wrought iron arch.
Beside her, Mark was shaking his head. 
“What?” Hailey asked as they picked their way across pebbled glass and fallen leaves. 
“I was just wondering if this counts as our second date…” 
****
Two weeks later…

Violet tapped a bright orange fingernail to her lips. “I can’t believe I’m about to say this, but I’m actually going to miss you guys.”
“Ooooh, I feel the love,” Hailey said, rolling her eyes and bringing her niece in for a bear hug. 
“Hailey Marie, have you seen my cigarettes?” Gran asked, slamming the door of the newly repaired SUV. She was dressed in her traveling outfit today, gold blouse reflecting the light from the mid-morning sun. Her mirrored sunglasses were perched on top of her head. 
“No, and I thought you said you were quitting.”
Gran sighed. “I said that, did I?”
“You did,” Hailey and Violet confirmed.
Mrs. Carlyle stepped onto the porch a moment later, carrying two to-go cups. She handed one each to Gran and Hailey. “Iced tea,” she told Gran with a wink. “For the road.”
Gran beamed and air-kissed the woman. “You’re all right, lady. You’ll have to come visit us in Ohio sometime.”
“Why, thank you. I just might take you up on that. Hailey, where’s your fella?”
Hailey smiled. “Mark had to drive back yesterday. He had a meeting with a client this morning. Thanks for the tea, Mrs. Carlyle. And for everything else. We couldn’t have managed without you.”
The old woman waved a hand. “Think nothing of it. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have some errands to run. Drive safe, girls, and it was so lovely to have met you.”
“I’ll be back in three weeks to pick you up,” Hailey told her niece after Mrs. Carlyle had gone, and Gran had hugged Violet one more time and was ensconced in the passenger seat of the SUV. “I love that you’re spending two weeks with us in Ohio, but I have to warn you, things can get a little wild back home.”
Violet smirked. “Wilder than this?”
“God, I hope not.”
They both turned at the sound of the screen door slapping shut. Maddie stepped onto the porch, looking tired but healthy in a pair of cutoff shorts and a black t-shirt and sandals. Her auburn hair was twisted into a loose knot at the top of her head. She glanced between Hailey and Violet, then gave her daughter a pointed look. 
“I think that’s Mom’s way of telling me you guys need a minute. Bye, Aunt Hailey.”
“Bye, kid. I’ll text you when we get home.”
“Cool.” She waved at Gran one more time before disappearing into the house.
Which left Hailey and Maddie standing on the porch together. The silence was borderline awkward, as it had been for the last three days that had passed since Maddie’s release, anytime Maddie and Hailey found themselves alone in a room together.
Maddie exhaled and looked everywhere but at Hailey. 
“Have a safe trip. Thanks for coming out and saving my butt?” Hailey suggested with a rueful smile. 
Maddie’s head snapped up. Then she laughed, the ice effectively broken. “All that, yes. And so much more. What you did, I can’t… Thank you isn’t enough.”
“It is. And … I’m sorry I didn’t say this before, but I’m sorry about Matt. Are you going to be okay?”
Slowly, her sister nodded. “I will be. Matt was… He was nice. I wish we could have had longer than three months. I hadn’t dated anyone in such a long time before I met him. And then my friends convinced me to try again.” She exhaled, shook her head. “I think I’m going to be single for a long, long time, Hailey.”
“After all this? I don’t blame you.”
“Yeah.”
The silence stretched. 
“Well, thanks for agreeing to let Violet come visit next month,” Hailey finally said. “Did you want to come say bye to grandma?” she asked, halfway down the stairs already. 
“Gran and I already said our goodbyes in the house.”
She nodded. “Take care, Maddie.”
“Hailey, wait!” Maddie wet her lips. “I hated you,” she blurted. 
Hailey turned at that, eyebrow raised. 
“That didn’t come out right.”
Hailey sighed. “Unfortunately, I think it did.”
“No, it didn’t. I hated you, back then. You had Michael. You had Gran, and Treva.” Maddie’s shoulders sagged. “You had everything I wanted. Mom and Dad never so much as raised their voice to you. You always did what you were told. You were the good one. Treva was the smart one. I was just … the screw-up.”
“That’s not how I remember it. You were the baby of the family. Back then, I think you could have killed someone—for real—and all the adults would have made excuses for you.”
Maddie shook her head. “That’s not how it was at all,” she began.
Hailey held up a hand. “We could do this all day, but I don’t think it’s going to get us anywhere.”
“Right, well, I just wanted to say I’m sorry. I was a jerk back then. I can’t take back what I did. I don’t blame you if you never trust me again. But I just wanted to say—”
Hailey leaned forward and wrapped her little sister in a quick, impulsive hug, going with her gut. Again.
“—I love you,” Maddie finished, hanging onto Hailey. 
“I love you, too, Maddie.”
“Aww, how sweet,” Gran, who now stood beside the SUV, said, “finally, you girls are doing something besides fighting. I love you, Madison. Stay out of trouble, sweetie.” 
“I will, Grandma. I was actually thinking of coming home for a visit soon.”
“Oh, that’s nice, honey.”
“What?” Hailey said.
Maddie grinned. “Yeah, I might even drive Violet up there myself next month and stay a while. I’ve been thinking about a career change. Factory work isn’t bad, but hair and makeup might be fun.”
Gran’s eyes lit up at this announcement. 
“Okay, now, wait a minute,” Hailey began. There was such a thing as too much family togetherness, after all. 
“It would be great to get the whole lot of us back together again, don’t you think?” Maddie asked.
“Yeah, I don’t know if Ohio is ready for that…” Hailey trailed off. 
Behind them, their grandmother took a sip of her iced tea and grimaced. “Hailey Marie, did you know this is just iced tea?” Gran’s bracelets jangled as she shook her fist at the sky. “Lord, save me from teetotalers!” 

The End
