


Miss. Catherine William’s Forgotten Chose

By Charles Chanda
Copyright 2013 Charles Chanda
Smashwords Edition 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Chapter 1
In life, it is often said that the thoughts of one should matter to one’s self; regardless of other’s say.
Miss. Catherine Williams was one daughter who believed in that without a doubt. She thought of everyone in her own way and did not judge them, on others sayings. But like most women coming of age, the pressure of finding the right husband took its toll on her and her two sisters; and was fueled by their beloved mother. 
‘Emma finish your meat, you need to develop your check bones if you are to wed to a rich man’ said Mrs. Christine Williams
‘Mother, surely you don’t expect Emma to eat it; it will make her fat’ intruded Miss. Martha Williams 
‘What of you Christine, do you agree with your sisters?’
‘I have no thought on the mater mother; you have our best interest at heart and we should follow your example’
‘I see the special one is kissing up’ uttered Miss. Emma, before Miss. Martha jumped in agreement, ‘you never go against mother, do you sister?’
‘I do on occasions’
‘When have you ever gone against me?’ asks Mrs. Williams, as silence breaks into the dining room
‘Last month you asked of me to wear a pink ribbon in my hair, but I wore blue’
‘Oh come on, that doesn’t count’ shouted Miss. Emma
‘Quiet Emma; a lady in waiting doesn’t shout and much less at the dining table. You all should start behaving like women waiting for a prince to come and propose marriage to you’ Mrs. William said
The girls lower their head. They finish their lunch and head off to the gardens for fun and relaxation, under a close eye by their mother
‘I wish mother wasn’t so strict with us, so that we can have a little fun’ said Miss. Emma
‘She is like; you need husbands to wed and so forth’ Miss. Martha replied comically, as Emma joined her in a giggle
‘You guys shouldn’t be like that; you both know mother only has our best wishes in mind’ Miss. Catherine defended her mother 
‘That doesn’t mean that she should bore us to death; I mean, when was the last time we had fun’ cried Miss. Martha
‘Well I ‘am going to get married and leave this place as soon as a rich man claims me for a wife’ said Miss. Emma
‘And by rich you are not saying when Mr. Andrew Spencer, of the Spencer household are you sister’
‘And why not; his family is the richest in town with him and his sister, the only heirs to the estate.’ 
‘How could you think of such evil things Emma’ Miss. Catherine objected
‘Oh come on Catherine, we all want something from our future husbands, don’t we?’ 
‘I know what I want from my husband; a handsome face to look at every morning’ Miss. Martha declared
‘Really; a handsome face is all require of your husband’ questioned Miss. Emma
‘Of course; but I must admit the thought of leaving every girl with envy does give it that extra pleasure’ 
‘Oh really; in that case one might assume that it is Mr. Edmond Hadrian you refer to, is it not?’
‘Yes it is’ she giggled 
‘You’re lying; Martha’ Miss. Emma pressed 
‘Ok; it is Mr. Richard Stephen’ she giggled  
‘You two will never be happy’ Miss. Catherine alleged  
‘Let me guess Catherine, you are about to tell us your opinions aren’t you’ Martha grinded 
‘I just wish to point out that neither money nor looks result in a healthy marriage and those two gentlemen you seem to so interested in are not trust worthy’
‘Aren’t they sister; or is it because you have no man to fancy that you are to ruin our love lives’ Emma argued 
‘No; not at all’
It was at this time that their father Mr. Colbert Williams arrived and sat next to their mother, overlooking them
‘Have you had a nice journey, my husband?’
‘Why do you ask as if you were born yesterday; you know that I have come from London, paying your sons debt’
‘My son is he; I seem to recall you saying he was your son the day he was born’
‘I must have been drunk’
‘Come on husband, look at your daughters, ready for marriage they are. Soon you will be entertaining possible suitors’
‘Suitors you say. How can that be when we are not of great fortune or title; I fear our daughter will attract the local farmer ’
‘Speak it not husband; they are of great beauty and talent. I ‘am sure that the men of fortune in town will be attracted to them without question’
‘Then why have we not been invited to the gatherings they make; answer me wife’
‘I have no answer; but I have faith in my daughters to attract a worthy suitor’s attention, even if she has to do it in the street. 
‘And what of your son’
‘We both know our son has no hope of attracting a lady in waiting; it is bad enough he gambles, but his stupidity in gambling just worsens the situation indeed’
‘It is worse than you think my wife’
‘Why is that husband?’
‘I arrived in London at the debtors’ office to find he did not only gamble away fifty pounds, but a further two hundred pounds the previous night and a further three hundred pounds the day before’
‘He lost five hundred and fifty pounds; my God’ she cries in distress
‘I would fear my ruin had I not met Mr. Baldwin from Lancaster banker’
‘Lancaster bank? the investment bank that is making fortunes for whoever invests with them?’
‘Yes, he is the head investment banker and has taken me under his wing. He informed me of his bank, doubling investors’ money overnight’
‘Double; overnight’ she inquired 
‘Yes, double. But he said that currently they aren’t taking any more investors, but will inform me immediately they change their minds’
‘That is wonderful Mr. William, nothing would be better that doubling our finance and perhaps we will be richer than the Spencer’s’ she commits, as she slowly rises from the chair
‘Calm yourself and sit down, I doubt that we will ever be richer than them; plus I hear that they own shares in the bank’
‘Why not us’ she cries, as she falls back in her chair
Their daughters came from the gardens and greeted their father one by one, before Catherine inquired of their brothers whereabouts
‘He is still in London, but will be joining us shortly; don’t be afraid I made sure he has someone to ensure he gambles no more’
‘Oh father it hurts to see you in such distress’ Catherine said
‘Thank you my daughter, it is refreshing to see you are a still a good girl’
‘What of us father’ Emma spoke
‘I love you all and when you get to your bedrooms you will have something waiting for you’ Mr. William uttered causing Emma and Martha to run off as fast as they could with excitement to their rooms, leaving Catherine behind to ask, ‘Father; have you eaten at all since you came’
‘Oh that’s right, I have yet to ask’ gasped Mrs. Williams, as she ran the bell for the maids, but Catherine quickly ran off saying, ‘that is ok mother, I will do it’
‘From all our children we cannot deny, that Catherine deserves the most happiness in life’ Mr. William said and was agreed with by Mrs. William
The following day came and a letter of invitation arrived at the house of the Williams to a ballroom celebration
‘Girls; Girls, we have been invited to the Spencer’s house for a ballroom celebration and the letter specifically wants your presence girls’ Mrs. William shouted, as the girls ran down the staircases with the exception of Catherine who was contempt with a simple walk down 
‘What did you say mother’ Emma asked
‘You heard her Emma’ Martha said, as she looked at the letter of invitation, ‘we have been invited and by none other than Mr. Hepburn Spencer himself’ she celebrated 
‘He must be looking for a wife for Andrew’ suggested Mrs. William
‘We have to dress in the most wonderful cloths in town’ Emma said as she imaged herself in one
‘Well I ‘am not going’ declared Catherine 
‘And why not’ Mrs. Williams inquired of her daughter
‘Emma has already laid claim to Andrew and I do not want waste time, dressing for an event where I ‘m not needed’
‘Yes, but there will be other opportunities at the party; and I seriously doubt Mr. Spencer would have an event without other company, nor would Andrew would allow that none of his friends attend’
‘But mother’
‘No buts Catherine and that is that; you and your sisters will go into town this very moment and purchase the most wonderful dress available before the other girls do’ Mrs. Williams said as she walked off 
The girls walked in town as they went shop by shop looking for the best dress and jewelry as they notice that other ladies were also purchasing clothing and jewels for the event 
‘No doubt those girls are buying clothing for tonight’ Emma uttered
‘Yes everyone thinks they have a chance of landing Andrew at the party’ Martha added
‘You should be happy’ Catherine spoke as the girls quickly looked her in disbelief at her words, ‘there actions prove beyond a doubt that Andrew is looking for someone and perhaps under the instruction of Mr. Spencer himself; so if you were to gain his attention tonight then not only will you have him, but you have the satisfaction of every girl knowing it’ she explained as she left the girls behind to a giggle amongst themselves with excitement 


Chapter 2
On their way home the girls ran into Mr. James Willow; a twenty five year old handsome man and owner of the Willow Mansion. He stood there with his horse in hand as he seemed to be waiting for them.
‘God Lord, is that Mr. Willow waiting by the side of the road’ asked Emma
‘God Lord, yes it is’ answered Martha
‘I thought he never leaves his house’ Emma asked again before concluding. ‘what if he wishes to court one of us’
‘Then we simply inform him that we are already engaged to others; imagine one of us courting Mr. James; we would be the laugh of the town’ replied Martha as they reached Mr. Willow who greeted them 
‘Good day ladies’
‘Good day Mr. Willow’ they replied
‘Miss Catherine may I have a word with you’
‘Yes of course Mr. Willow’ she said as she nodded to her shocked sisters to go ahead  
‘Miss Catherine I ‘m not a man of words, but action and I happen to see you walking in town today and rode here ahead of you to seek your permission, to court you’ Mr. Willow with a now trembling heart 
‘Mr. Willow you honour me but’
‘Wait Miss Catherine; before you decide. I know of the rumors that surround me and I can tell you that they are false; completely false they are and if you are willing, I would like to show you why I don’t leave my house’
‘Alright Mr. Willow I will accept your offer; tomorrow afternoon I will pay you a visit if my father permits it’
‘Thank you Miss. Catherine; my father before passing away was fond of you because you never judge anyone on mere gossip’
‘I too was fond of your father; he was kind hearted’
‘So am I’
Catherine blushes at his words before bidding him good day leaving. Catherine catches up with her sisters who waited for her ahead
‘So what did Mr. Willow want’ asked Emma
‘For me to pay him a visit at his house’
‘At his house’
‘Yes his house’
‘You are not considering going are you’ asked Martha
‘I will go if father permits it’
‘He will most certainly not permit it; you have heard the rumours of him keeping his dead father’s grave in the house and that his mad not to mention he’s wealth is the lowest among the families’
‘Thank you sisters of mine with the rumours of the day, however, I intend to go to see him and make my own opinion on the matter’.
They arrived home where they found Mr. William in an angry rage 
‘That useless goat; that tormentor of my mind, why God was I cursed with this child’ he shouted from the top of his lungs when the girls entered the house
‘Calm down’ said Mrs. Williams
‘Mother what’s wrong with father’ asked Catherine as she saw her father moving like a mad man before falling in to the sitting room chair
‘Your father received disturbing news; your brother managed to gamble again and had made a fifteen thousand pound debt
‘What’ they all shouted together in shock of news they had heard
‘Half of my fortune will disappear if I pay that debt; and I fear that I will have nothing to offer you my daughters’ Mr. William said before bursting into tears
‘You have nothing to worry about father’ uttered Miss. Catherine, as she went and kneed before her father, ‘look at me father; you need not worry, tonight Emma will capture the heart of Andrew and Martha is so beautiful, it won’t be long before she is wed to a rich handsome man.’
‘And you, my daughter; what of you’
‘I will set aside my foolish opinions and make myself presentable as a lady to wed; father I promise you that. You need not worry father, I will be a lucky lady who marries a well off husband’ she says as a tear rolls down her checks
‘No my daughter; it will be the luck of a well off man to marry you; all of you’ he says as his other daughters gather next to him
It was not long before they were all at the ballroom as the music played. The girls stood in the ballroom watching Andrew, dancing with various girls
‘He dances well does he not’ Martha asked her sisters
‘Yes’ answered Emma as she caught Andrew eye
Andrew now with his eye on Emma walked towards her in the company of his friend Mr. Richard Stephen and Mr. Samuel Mills a banker from London
‘Good evening ladies’ uttered Andrew as he greeted them, ‘me and my friends, Mr. Stephen and Mr. Mills couldn’t help but notice you ladies are here without company and would be honoured if you could share a dance with us’ he asked politely
‘Why of course’ uttered Emma as she quickly grabbed Andrew by the hand while Martha took Richard to the dance floor. 
Miss. Catherine and Mr. Mills remained behind as he was reluctant to take her hand and she in turn was unwilling to dance
‘Forgive me for not dancing with you, I ‘m rather tired already’ said Mr. Mills 
‘Forgive? And here I thought you were waiting for my apology for not dragging you along as my sisters did to your friends’
‘No, your reputation precedes your Miss. Catherine’
‘What reputation do you speak off sir?’
‘I meant no offense by it; it’s just that when I arrived from London I was told of a daughter of the William’s who thinks a lot and utters her thoughts aloud and clearly to others, regardless of who they are’
‘Is that so; then I assume you are angry for being stuck with me’
‘Only a fool would be angry about being stuck with such beauty in their presence’ he uttered causing a quick blush from Catherine, ‘I hope I was not too direct in my complement’
‘Your complement sir may case me to blush, but so does the snow of winter, you may not think much about it’ she explained
As the girls went about the party; their parents along with the rest of the parents watched from above. The ladies gathered together to gossip among themselves
‘Mrs. Williams your daughters seem to be doing quite well’ uttered Mrs. Jean Arthur; an elderly widowed woman who leaved in the Claudette Mansion
‘Yes indeed; my Emma seems to have charmed Andrew and Martha seems to be unable to shake Richard off; but who is that with my Catherine’
‘That is Mr. Mills, a banker from London and in the company of Mr. Baldwin at the Lancaster Bank’ answered Mrs. Fairfax
‘Mr. Baldwin?’
‘Yes Mr. Baldwin; he and young Mr. Mills down there are in town to look for investors in the bank and as you may well know that all the investors who have invested in their bank have earned double their investment in a matter of weeks’
‘Then Mr. Mills would be a good match for my Catherine’ Miss. Williams concluded 
‘That, Mrs. William depends on whether you would call six thousand pounds a year guarantee, minus bonuses of two thousand upwards a good match’
‘I must inform my husband of this sudden development’
‘I fear Mrs. William you are a bit late for that’ Mrs. Fairfax says as she point to the gathering of men at the other end
‘Mr. William it is good to see you again’
‘Bless my soul, Mr. Baldwin what are you doing here’
‘I fear Mr. William that I did not manage to keep my promise to you; if you recall I said that if any openings are available at the bank of Lancaster for you to invest in, I would inform you first’
‘Yes’
‘Well the truth of the matter is that I unable to do that as I have already spread the news throughout the village that everyone can now invest in my bank, but I am to put you on a special list Mr. William; a list that include Mr. Hepburn Spencer himself’
‘What, Mr. Spencer himself’ asks Mr. William, receiving a node from Mr. Baldwin, ‘that would simply be splendid Mr. Baldwin, how could I ever thank you?’
‘That is not necessary among friends; now all you have to do is come down to London as soon as possible and I will take care of you and your money’
A handshake closes the deal between Mr. Baldwin and Mr. William
The following morning the Williams were having breakfast
‘Wasn’t last night wonderful ladies’ Mrs. William spoke
‘Oh yes mother, I think Andrew took a liking to me’ Emma answered
‘And what of you Martha’
‘Oh mother, Richard Stephen is simply so handsome, I couldn’t believe my eyes’
‘Catherine how was Mr. Mills’
‘He was everything I expected of a banker’
‘He’s a banker’ asked Emma
‘Yes he is and quite a rich one as I hear’ answered Mrs. Williams
‘And from where did you come about this information, if I may ask’ Mr. William spoke
‘Why from Mrs. Fairfax dear’
‘Is that lady still gossiping; one might think after her husband decided staying in London with his many mistresses, would have taught her a lesion’
‘Now husband you know you’re wrong about her; everyone in Sheffield knows that he only stays in London because he cannot give her a child’ Mrs. William defended  
‘Then why does she not divorce him’ asked Emma
‘It is said that their wealth combined is just enough for them to socialize with the rich, but upon divorce it will simply not due’ Martha explained 
‘In any rate, the woman should mind her own business; what use of the knowledge that Mr. Mills is a banker be to me when I have Mr. Baldwin by my side’ asked Mr. William, as he waved his hands to express his feelings on the matter
‘I wouldn’t be so quick to disregard the information Mr. William or was it not you who told me, Mr. Baldwin was to inform you last of the opportunities that were available at the bank’ Mrs. William said
‘To which he apologised and I fail to see its relevance in this matter’ 
‘Well it is just that Mrs. Fairfax was quick to point out that your Mr. Baldwin and Catherine’s Mr. Mills, both work at Lancaster Bank together and that Mr. Mills works closely with Mr. Baldwin on all matters. Now Mr. Baldwin even if he was to regard you a very good friend will still let know matters well after they are in motion, but a son in law, if Mr. Mills was to become one, would most certainly let his dear father in law know tomorrow’s weather today’
‘Yes; I suppose he would’ Mr. Williams thought to himself, before Catherine’s interruption 


Chapter 3
‘Father, may I visit the Willows estate this afternoon’
‘The Willows’ estate? Where that crazy boy James Willow lives, no most certainly not’ answered Mrs. William
‘Father he approached me yesterday to visit him today, it would be rude of me not to go’
‘Catherine you may go’ answered Mr. Williams
‘How could let your beloved daughter go to a mad man’s house’ cried Mrs. William
‘Now Mrs. William, I know for a fact James is not mad; when his father was still alive we would meet together and in those meetings he pointed out his sons habits of mechanics, but never did ever he suggest him mad. Now I will not lie that since his death I have been reluctant to pay the dear boy a visit for I would have no idea of what to say him; but if anyone would know of the words it would be you Catherine’
‘Thank you father’ 
‘But Catherine, when you go there; don’t lead the poor boy on; do not suggest to him that there is more to your visit apart from a kindness on your part. I ‘am sure that the boy is lonely and would be easily considering the notion of a lady of your beauty visiting him as a sign of more than friendship’ Mr. William instructed
‘Yes Catherine; James Willow will simply not due for a husband and much less for a son in law’ Mrs. Williams added
Catherine kept quiet about Mr. Willow’s proposal and disregarded her mother’s opinion about him, preferring to make her own mind on the matter when she saw Mr. Willow.
That Afternoon Catherine arrived at the Willows estate where she was shown in by Mr. Oliver, a long time servant of the household and advisor to James
‘Please follow me Miss. Catherine to the study; Mr. Willow is waiting for you there’
As she entered the study Catherine found Mr. Mills in the room and by the looks of the situation, Mr. Mills was not that happy with Mr. Willow
‘Mr. Willow; Mr. Mills’ she greeted
‘Miss. Catherine’ uttered Mr. Mills, as he walked towards her and greeted her with a kiss on her hand
‘Mr. Mills I had no idea that you would be here; are joining us’
‘No, Mr. Mills was just leaving; Mr. Oliver, be kind enough to escort Mr. Mills out’ Mr. Willow spoke
‘Yes Sir’ answered Mr. Oliver      
‘Well then I seem to be off, I hope to see you again Miss. Catherine as last night has filled my mind with unmentionable thoughts’ he uttered as he kissed Miss. Catherine’s hand goodbye, boiling Mr. Willow with anger and jealously as he left the study
‘I had no idea you knew Mr. Mills’ asked Mr. Willow
‘We met last night at the Spencer’s ballroom party’
‘The Spencers had a ballroom party; no doubt Andrew wished it not, the crazy man attends’
‘I ‘m sure he meant no disrespect by it’
‘Are you his defender now, or are you two more than friends?’
‘Of course not; I simply refuse to judge others without considerable information and in this case there appears to be none.’
‘Yes of course, how stupid of me to think of you in such a manner, when everyone knows how just you are and it is because of that you’re here’
‘I ‘am here Mr. Willow by your invitation to see why you never seem to leave this place and nothing more. I hope you will keep that in mind and as of my response for courtship, I will render it when I have seen everything that needs to be seen’
‘Yes of course’ answered Mr. Willow, as he stood there like a school child who had no idea of what to do next
‘Mr. Willow’
‘Yes’
‘Sometime this year if you don’t mind’
‘Oh yes I ‘m sorry, got a bit lost their’ he said as he walked over to her and intended to hold her hand so as to guide her, but she with draws it
‘I ‘m sure I can follow your lead Mr. Willow’
‘Yes of course Miss. Catherine, I meant nothing by it, I just thought you would be more comfortable if I held your hand, but never mind I will simply lead if you would follow me’
Mr. Willow took her around the estate, showing paintings and sculptures before taking her to the gardens where he showed her the rose bushes his mother had planted before her death
‘They are beautiful’ said Catherine
‘Yes they are, but not as beautiful as the woman who stares at them right now’
‘Mr. Willow your estate is wonderful, but you have yet to show me why you spend your time here’
‘If you will be so kind as to follow me into the shed over there I will show you’
They entered the shed and to Catherine’s surprise, were mechanical machines that she could not understand.
‘What is this’
‘I have been thinking over the years of the tasks that animals and indeed people do and have come to the conclusion a machine would do just as well if not a lot more. I just seem not to be able to get the machine to better utilize the steam to achieve it’
“And this keeps you here’
‘Yes it does’
‘How long have you been doing this for?’
‘For a very longtime now, but without successes’
‘Well then I leave you to it’ she says as she leaves
‘Wait Miss. Catherine, please, what do you think?’
‘I think Mr. Willow that you should grow up and discover life not to be mechanised; you have tried and you have failed; and if you wish to have wife then you should make an effort to change your reputation as a mad man’
‘But this isn’t madness, it is creativity’
‘That doesn’t seem to work by your own admission; this is surely not what your father wished for you or your mother’
‘My father didn’t believe in me, but my mother did Miss. Catherine and it is for her that I must do it’ he explained before turning his back at her
‘I ‘m sorry Mr. Willow, I didn’t mean to upset you. It seems to me Mr. Willow that you have your heart set on this, I fear a wife would have no place left in it.’
‘I think I have your answer to my proposal Miss. Catherine good day’ he says as he walks back into the shed were he breaks down in tears
Miss. Catherine leaves the estate and while heading back home runs into Mrs. Arthur in a carriage 
‘Will you like a lift Miss. Catherine?’
‘Yes Mrs. Arthur it would be most accepted and appreciated’ she answers, before entering the carriage
‘Are you coming from Willows Estate?’
‘Yes’
‘Poor boy, it was bad enough his mother past away, but his father to kick the bucket as well must have taken its toll on him’
‘Yes, its most certainly has’
‘He showed you his machine’
‘Yes, how do you know of it?’
‘Mrs. Willow and I were good friends; when I would visit them, she would often encourage him to build those contraptions believing that someday they would change the world.’
‘They do seem like a fool man’s dream’
‘You are sugar coating a disaster awaiting that boy when he dies of old age, without a wife or kids, but a dream that had never slept’
Mrs. Arthur noticed Catherine’s gloomy look on her face, ‘You seem to be at odds child with yourself and if I didn’t know better I would think you were interested in that young man’
‘When he showed me his estate, I felt his passion and loving nature; it is something I had only felt once before’
‘Yes behind his dream I would admit he is a loving man, but if I may say to you, a man that dreams is never awake for his wife; you would be wise to stay away from him’
The carriage arrived at the Williams estate; as Mrs. Arthur was to have words with Mrs. William over a cup of tea
‘Mrs. Arthur, welcome to my humble home and thank you very much for brining Catherine here at this very moment’
‘Why is that mother?’
‘Well Mr. Baldwin came here moments ago with Mr. Mills, who has been asking for your return time from Mr. Willow’s house with impatience I do believe’
‘Where is he?’
 ‘In the gardens’
‘Thank you once again Mrs. Arthur for the ride home’ Miss. Catherine uttered to Mrs. Arthur
‘Think nothing of it dear; now off you go before Mr. Mills is stolen by another lady’ Mrs. Arthur says
‘Shall we have that tea’ Mrs. William suggest to Mrs. Arthur as they see Catherine dash off to the gardens
‘Yes indeed’
Catherine arrives in the gardens and found her father in discussion with Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Mills. Mr. Mill who notice her arrival excuses himself from them and heads off to greet her
‘If you reach for my hand Mr. Mills I fear I may have to slap you’
‘Is that a threat I hear from you Miss. Catherine’
‘Yes I do believe that it is’
‘Well then allow me to tip my hat in greetings then’
‘Why have you come here?’
‘Mr. Baldwin wished to leave for London tomorrow and I convinced him, it would not be proper to leave Sheffield without visiting your father’
‘You convinced Mr. Baldwin to see my father’
‘Yes I do have my charm’
‘You certainly do Mr. Mills’
‘Miss. Catherine I would like to ask of you a question, but I fear it may strain our relationship’
‘No, please go ahead’
‘What is your relationship with Mr. Willow?’
‘I fear at this point there is no relationship with Mr. Willow’
‘Oh no; it is not because of my actions at his house’
‘No, we had no relationship to speak of. I was simply paying him a visit.’
‘Well then I will sleep better at night knowing that you have no connection to that immoral man’
‘Mr. Willow an immoral man?’
‘Yes immoral, have you not heard’
‘No I have not heard anything of that nature about Mr. Willow’
‘Well I ‘am not one to gossip, but Mr. Willow plans on evicting orphan children from a house in London simply because the orphanage cannot pay the huge rent he asks’
‘No’
‘Yes, he is also cruel to his servants at the estate as well as anyone he meets’
‘That cannot be true’
‘But it is, Miss. Catherine; I heard it straight from Mr. Oliver’s mouth as he escorted me out the door this very afternoon’
‘No, I can’t believe it’
‘Nor could most people; but I did and persuaded Mr. Baldwin to convince the bank to purchase Mr. Willow’s asset in London at a very reasonable price, but as I believe from what you may have seen earlier I was not that successful in convincing Mr. Willow to accept the banks offer’
‘I did feel a tension when I entered the study’
‘Poor those children, soon they will be sleeping in the cold harsh London Streets’
‘Is there anything to be done?’
‘No; only if Mr. Willow was to sign the banks contract of purchase would the children be saved, but even Mr. Oliver could not get him to sign without him happening to reading through’
‘You mean trick him’
‘More or less Miss. Catherine’
‘That is wrong and would have never thought of you in such a manner’ she answers angrily as she starts to walk off
‘And in what manner would you prefer me to be?’ he asked causing Catherine to halt her walk off, ‘would you ask me to do nothing; to let those children suffer along in the streets’ he argues. ‘If that is so Miss. Catherine, then kindly utter it to my face’
Catherine poses in thought, ‘if what you say is the truth then I will confront Mr. Willow with it and demand an explanation’
‘Surely you’re not serious; if you do such a thing than he will know that his servants utter the truth behind his back and alert him to my intensions of stopping his madness. You cannot confront him with this; I ask you to simply forget it’
‘How can I simply forget it?’
‘Well you seem to have no relationship with Mr. Willow and the children’s situation seems to not bother you at the very least, it should not be that hard for you to forget the matter.’
‘How dare you sir; to assume that I care not for the children. If you were to present me with those papers I would have them signed immediately’
‘I wouldn’t dare bring you into this Miss. Catherine’
‘You have not Mr. Mills; I have made my decision’
‘Very well then, I still have it on me and would gladly give it to you but you must get him to sign before noon tomorrow; so I may take it to London for a judge to make official’
‘I understand’
‘Very well’
‘Mr. Mills, let us take our leave’ shouted Mr. Baldwin 
Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Mills headed off in a carriage, called form them with Mr. Mills leaving the contract with Miss. Catherine
At dinner Mrs. William praised Mr. Mills for brining Mr. Baldwin to their house, ‘What did I say Mr. Williams about having Mr. Mills for son in law, what did I say’
‘Yes dear as always you were right and I believe I owe you an apology’
‘Well let’s have it’
‘Have what?’
‘The apology’
‘Oh yes; the apology will be delivered to you on my death bed’ uttered Mr. William followed by laughter from him and his daughter with the exception of Catherine who was deep in thought
‘Mr. Williams, with an attitude like that your death will be coming sooner than you expect’ replied Mrs. Williams
‘Catherine your very quiet today, is anything the matter?’ Martha asked
‘No, nothing at all’
‘Come on Catherine, what is it?’ Emma joined in questioning 
‘Mr. Mills just told me something that has me questioning myself’


Chapter 4
‘He proposed’ Emma declared as they gasped at the claim with excitement; with the exception of Mr. William who maintained a calm composure
‘No he did not’ Catherine replies
‘Maybe you have not given him proper incentive’ Mrs. William concluded 
‘What mother’ Catherine responded
‘I and Mrs. Arthur couldn’t help but see you two were arguing over something in the gardens’
‘We were not arguing, I simply couldn’t believe the words he was saying’
‘Oh my dear Catherine; every man lies, it how to trap them in their lies that women are good at; especially if it means trapping them in marriage as well’
‘Yes mother’
‘So from now on you will not disagree with Mr. Mills but rather tease him in doing what you want’
‘Is that how you got father mother’ asks Emma
‘No, I was unfortunate to be looking for a wife when all the beautiful ones were already taken.’ answered Mr. William, before asking Catherine, ‘how was your visit to Mr. Willows’
‘It was fine father, I ran into Mr. Mills there’
‘Mr. Mills and Mr. Willow are friends?’
‘No. He was paying a visit on behalf of the bank’
‘Even Mr. Willow is pursued by the bank; I wonder’
‘You wonder what father?’
‘Mr. Baldwin was telling me that the bank was on a massive investor recruitment project’
‘That explains all those sales men in town. They even go to the poorest parts of town. Miss. Emma noted
‘Yes, I know, but didn’t think they would go after Mr. Willow’
‘That is not the reason father. It was another matter which brought Mr. Mills there’ Miss. Catherine cleared
‘In any case; the bank seems to be on the move. It would be unwise to be left behind’ Mr. William pondered, before heading off to bed in a hurry
The following morning, Catherine went to the Willows estate and knocked at the door; in her hands were the documents Mr. Mills had left her; she recalled his instructions as she waited at the door
‘Now Catherine; here is the document, it is conceived under this document of list givers to the church; go to his house and have him sign right here. When Mr. Oliver opens the door tell him that I sent you; he will know what to do’
Mr. Oliver opened the door
‘Miss. Catherine, I thought we would not be having you soon’
‘Mr. Mills sent me’ she answered, a node from his head signaled his understanding. 
Mr. Oliver showed Miss. Catherine in, ‘thank you Miss. Catherine for what you about to do, from me and my fellow staff’
‘Than it is true’
‘Yes Miss. Catherine; behind the kindness he showed you yesterday is a man whose madness has taken his soul. He is not the kind little boy his mother raised, but rather the monster we all fear in this house’
‘But this document only saves the orphans; I know not of how it would help you’
‘Mr. Mills has been generous enough to arrange us all with new employment at Lancaster bank. We are doing this as a favour to him and the children’
Convinced beyond all doubt of Mr. Mills accusations; Miss. Catherine was convinced to get Mr. Willow to sign the documents 
Mr. Oliver opened the study door announcing Miss. Catherine 
‘Catherine what are you doing here’ asked Mr. Willow
‘I have come to ask a donation from you to the church on their behalf’
‘I didn’t know you collected for the church’
‘If you spent your time socializing Mr. Willow than doing what you do in your shed, you would know that I do not. However, after my visit yesterday it would seem the town believes you to have a friend in me and have gotten me to come on their behalf’
‘News travels fast’
‘Rumours travel fast, news is ignored’
Mr. Willow lowered his head, as he thought Miss. Catherine thought the worse of him. ‘We are not friends Miss. Catherine’
‘How could we, you left me outside your shed as soon as I’ Miss. Catherine said, before releasing that she might distance herself from him, before she could get him to sign, ‘offered my friendship to you’
‘You wish to be friends’
‘Yes Mr. Willow, I would like that. Now about your donation’   
‘Yes of course, anything for the church, but I must say I don’t remember the church ever asking for money before’ he asked
‘They used to ask when your father was still alive sir.’ answered Mr. Oliver
‘And what is it for’
‘It is for the roof sir’ 
‘The roof’
‘Yes sir, they wish to fix it before the coming of the snow’
‘Mr. Willow it is quite obvious that my presence is not welcomed here, if you accuse me of lying to you; so I believe it better I walk away and allow Mr. Oliver to clear your doubts ’ Miss. Catherine said as she proceeded to storm off
‘No’ shouts Mr. William, ‘I ‘am sorry if I made you uncomfortable; Mr. Oliver, please give Miss. Catherine fifty pounds from me to the church’
‘Yes sir’ answered Mr. Oliver as headed off to collect fifty pounds from the safe box
‘You need to sign this Mr. Willow so as to ensure the church knows of your generosity’ Miss. Catherine said as she placed the document on the table. 
Mr. William without thought signed the document, as his trust in Miss. Catherine was total in nature at this point in time.
‘Thank you Mr. Willow, the church and people of Sheffield are most great-full’ she says as she heads off
‘Wait’ shouts Mr. Willow as Miss. Catherine reaches the door, ‘I hope that your thoughts of me haven’t been tainted by my actions yesterday’
‘If they did, I would not have offered my friendship’ she answered as she left having not even collected the fifty pound from Mr. Oliver on the way out
Miss. Catherine stood on the carriage road to London just a few walks from town, when at half past noon a carriage approached from town with Mr. Mills and Mr. Baldwin inside
‘Good afternoon Miss. Catherine’ greeted Mr. Baldwin
‘Good afternoon Mr. Baldwin’ she replied
Mr. Mills exited the carriage to privately talk with Miss. Catherine
‘Have you done it Miss. Catherine?’
‘Yes, here, he signed it just were you wanted it’
‘Thank you Miss. Catherine; on behalf of the children I don’t know how we could ever repay you’
‘Think nothing of it, but what of Mr. Willow’
‘When I return to London, I and Mr. Baldwin will see a judge to have this document legalised; after which we will go to the bank and have it pay Mr. Willow in full, for the property and save the kids’
‘Will the bank relay keep the orphanage open?’
‘Yes, this is a good publicity for the bank as it shows not only that we make money, but save lives as well; I give you my word Miss. Catherine that the children will be taken care off. Now on to personal matters; Miss. Catherine would you allow me to officially court you’
Catherine is taken back by Mr. Mills offer as she thought of him as a flatterer and nothing more. ‘Yes’ she answers thinking of the joy it would bring her parents to hear her courtship with Mr. Mills.
‘Thank you Miss. Catherine’ says Mr. Mills as he kisses her on the check, ‘I will see you as soon as possible’ he says as he dashes to the carriage and waves goodbye
Catherine arrived home where her sisters and mother inquired of her whereabouts
‘I was seeing Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Mills off to London’
She said as she slowly walked up the stairs to her room
‘If you should seem to be so egger Catherine; Mr. Mills will not ask for courtship’ Mrs. William warned. ‘A woman must appear hard to obtain or man simply won’t take interest in her’ 
‘I doubt very much mother that Mr. Mills will ask for my hand in courtship in the future mother’
‘What; and why wouldn’t he? Have you done something to offend him or does he have another woman in his mind to think of’
‘Because he has already asked for it’ she says causing a massive celebration down stairs
‘Wait’ shouted Emma, ‘You accepted his offer didn’t you sister?’
‘I seem not to remember my answer’ she teased; ‘Yes’ she shouts as she rushes down stairs to celebrate with her sisters. Mrs. Williams heads off
‘Where are you going mother’ Martha asks
‘In to Town to shop and have my hair done’
‘In other words mother, to gossip the news’
‘My daughters let me tell you something; in life gossip is for the unwise and undesirable of which we don’t belong to and I ‘am simply going to inform the men of Sheffield that my daughter Catherine is now spoken for’ she says as she heads off for town 
News of the courtship reaches every corner of the town by midday the following day, as it’s past from high to low and east to west of Sheffield.
The women of the top families of the town would on occasion gather to discuss issues of the town and top of today’s gathering was that very courtship.
‘Do you believe it to be true Mrs. Fairfax’ asked Mrs. Molly Stephen who was wife to Richard Stephens’ younger brother Fredrick Stephen
‘Yes, it is true’ she answered with certainty, solidifying her presence in the gathering as the informer on matters of the town as opposed to a social standing. ‘It is my understanding that they become quite close at the Spencers ballroom party despite the fact that they did not dance together’


Chapter 5
‘And why do we concern ourselves with this matter; the Williams although well off are not of our standards or class’ Mrs. Bertha Wycliffe uttered as she sipped her cup of tea
‘Yes you’re right Mrs. Wycliffe’ Mrs. Molly agreed
‘If I may ladies’ Mrs. Fairfax intruded, ‘I hear that of all the towns that the Lancaster Bank has gone to, we are the last in the list and we all know of the huge returns the bank gives to investors. If Mr. Mills was to marry Miss. Catherine than the Williams would be ahead of all of us in knowing the bank’s happenings well before any of us and that is an advantage we might find useful’
‘Yes but there are not engaged are they’ Mrs. Molly added
‘True; but is it not universally known that a man in courtship, is a man trapped by a woman. Who can say what Mr. Mills will do for Miss. Catherine or the man whose permission is need for marriage’ Mrs. Fairfax utters striking a point with the other women
‘Perhaps we should invite Mrs. William to one of our meetings’ suggests Mrs. Arthur, calmly drinking her tea
The following day a visitor arrived at the Willows estate at the crack of dawn. It was Mr. Willow; he asked for Miss. Catherine from one of the servants but was instead greeted by Mr. Willow, who had gotten up early to catch a carriage to London.
‘Good day Mr. William; I ‘am here to see Miss. Catherine if I may’ Mr. Willow asked respectfully
‘What is the nature of your visit Mr. Willow?’
‘With all due respect Mr. Williams; it is rather personal’
Mr. William thought to himself that Mr. Willow had come to confront Miss. Catherine on her rumored courtship with Mr. Mills. He closed the door behind him before saying, ‘I knew your father very well Mr. Willow and because of that I will say this in a respectful manner. Leave my daughter alone’
‘Mr. Williams’
‘Say no more. I know her visit to your house may have given you reason to hope for something, but it was nothing more than kindness on her part. She is now courting Mr. Mills and I will not have it endangered by you.’
Mr. Willow was overwhelmed by the words Mr. William had just uttered and headed off without the politeness of a good bye.
Mr. William re-entered the house to find Miss. Catherine down stairs staring at him
‘Was that Mr. Willow’ Miss. Catherine asked
‘Yes it was’
‘What did he want?’
‘Nothing; he just came by for’ Mr. William said as he tried to think of a good excuse, only to have Catherine hug him.
‘You did what was best for us all’ she said with a smile, ‘now allow me to make you breakfast before you leave’   
 A week after, at the Williams home a carriage arrives; it was Mr. William with Mr. Mills in toll.
‘Mrs. Williams’ Mr. William shouts as he calls for her. Mrs. William walks out from within the house
‘What is it Mr. William’ she says while walking out from within the house, ‘oh Mr. Mills you’re here too’
‘Yes Mrs. Williams, I have come in the hope of seeing Miss. Catherine’
‘Well she is in the gardens alone at this very moment, if you wish to see her you may go ahead’
‘Thank you Mrs. William; Mr. William’ he utters as he heads off
‘What happened, Mr. William?’ Mrs. William asked her husband
‘I will tell all at dinner Mrs. William, but I can say it is good news’
Mr. Mills went into the gardens were he saw Miss. Catherine dipping a leg in a fountain. He approached her as silently as possible so as not to alert her of his presence
‘What are you doing, Miss. Catherine?’
‘Mr. Mills, please do turn around it is not advised for a man to see a woman’s exposed feet’
‘Miss. Catherine is following the advice of others as opposed to her own; soon the heavens will be on earth I fear’
‘Fear not Mr. Mills, for I too have thought on the matter and agree; now turn around before I splash water on you’
‘Ok Miss. Catherine, but I do protest to this; after all I ‘m your suitor’ he say, as he turns around
‘What?’
‘Yes Miss. Catherine your suitor; as I took the advantage of your father being in London, to express my views to him and asked his permission to court you’
‘And what was my father’s answer’ she asked
‘He said Yes’
‘Then Mr. Mills perhaps you may do me the honour of helping me in tying my shoe lace’ 
Mr. Mills turns back towards Miss. Catherine as the sunlight reflected by the water magnifies her beauty
‘There you are Miss. Catherine’ he says
‘Thank you Mr. Mills’ she says as they gaze in each other’s eyes, ‘may we take a walk in the gardens’
‘Yes Miss. Catherine’
As the walk in the gardens, in the direction further away from the house, Miss. Catherine inquires of Mr. Willow’s matter
‘You be happy to note that everything went according to plan; Mr. Willow’s estate in London, housing the orphans was purchased by the bank and it has turned it into a permanent orphanage for children’
‘Really’
‘Yes I have brought a newspaper for you to see, it has an article about it; here’
‘And what of Mr. Willow?’
‘You are afraid of meeting him and of him accusing you or worse holding you responsible for his losses
‘Yes I must admit that the thought has crossed my mind’
‘Have no more thought of it; Mr. Willow has left Sheffield’
‘He left his house’
‘Yes, he sold his house to the bank and has left to where, I have no idea’
‘Are you sure’
‘I sign the document on behalf of my bank myself yesterday’
‘Yesterday?’
‘Yes Miss. Catherine, I arrived in town yesterday to deliver Mr. Willow a document of purchase for his property in London; he was angry and may have said words I dare not utter in your presence, which he directed at me as I took full responsibility for the deception of having sign the document.’
‘You took responsibility ‘
‘Yes; I would never put you in danger or have your name tarnished if a scandal was to break’
‘The only scandal that would break is Mr. Willow’s cruelty to orphans’
‘Nether less, I was not to take that chance. I suggested to him that he would do better to leave and pursue his dreams somewhere else with some capital which he would get if he were to sell his house’
‘And he took the offer’
‘Took? More like jumped at it, in my opinion; that man lives in dream house if he thinks those machines shall replace a man in the work force’
‘Yes he does’
‘Do I detect sadness in your answer Miss. Catherine; I don’t suppose you have feelings for Mr. Willow’
‘Of course not Mr. Mills’
‘I don’t believe you Miss. Catherine; especially after the questions you just asked of me’
‘Forgive me Mr. Mills as I thought of Mr. Willow as a kind gentle man who loved his house without a chance of changing that emotion; but here I stand hearing of his cruelty and luck of wiliness to keep his house. What am I to think now, my thoughts on matters seemed to be easily deceived?’
Mr. Mills took Miss Catherine into his arms, ‘You are to think that you have a big heart and a kind soul’ he says before kissing her on the lips
‘Mr. Mills’ shouts Mrs. William as she catches their attention, ‘will you be joining us for lunch?’
‘Yes Mrs. William I will be honoured to be your guest for lunch’ he answers back
Mr. Mills and Miss. Catherine hold hands as the walk back to the house unaware of Catherine’s sister Emma and Mr. Andrew Spencer hiding in the bush without clothing, breathing a sigh of relief when the see Mr. Mills and Miss. Catherine returning to the house
‘Oh thank God’ utters Andrew in relief, ‘I dare not think of what your sister would think of me if she saw me naked’
‘What about me? Imagine Mr. Mills seeing me naked, the embarrassment would be more than I can bear to live for’
‘But there are gone and we can get back to our matter without worry’
‘No’
‘What?’
‘You heard me Mr. Spencer my answer is no’
‘But why not; is it because we were almost caught without our clothing or are you embarrass to be with me’
‘Both’ she answers as she gets up to reach for her clothing
‘Oh come on Miss. Emma, we were having such a good time’
‘You maybe, but I on the other hand must admit that I offered myself to you because at your ballroom you lead me to think you would ask my father’s permission to court me and become my suitor; but here I am like a brothel worker hiding in shame of being caught’
‘Please do not over react; I admit that I have not amounted to the stage I set for myself, but do understand that it is very difficult to tell a father such as mine that I will be courting someone he may not approve of’


Chapter 6
‘And why would he not approve of me’ she asked with hands on her hips and a frustrating look on her face
‘Not you dear’
‘Than my family’ she asks again leaving Andrew struggling for words to explain himself. ‘Andrew, you either court me in public or forget me all together because I may not be as moral as my younger sisters, but I ‘am not a prostitute as well. I should have waited for marriage like my sisters’
‘Sister’ Andrew whispers to himself but is over heard by Emma
‘What did you say?’
‘Nothing’
‘You said something, I heard’
‘No I didn’t’
‘Mother’ she shouts
‘What are you doing?’
Emma grabs Andrew’s clothing, ‘I will call my mother here and everyone else; they will see you there naked and come to the conclusion of what we have been doing here; mother!’
‘Ok, ok, ok’ he pleads, ‘give my clothing and I will tell you all’
Emma tosses him his shirts, ‘I will give the rest after you tell’
‘Your sister Martha and Richard have also been together’
‘What?’
‘Yes, they meet on occasions to; well you know’
Emma throws the remainder of his cloths in his face and rushes off to the house. She arrives and finds her father, mother and both Catherine and Mr. Mills having lunch
‘Where were you Emma’ asked Mrs. Williams
‘I was having walk in the gardens’
‘We didn’t see you Emma’ replied Catherine
‘I went over the hill into the forest’
‘Well that explains it’ uttered Mr. Mills
‘Emma you look distressed’ said Catherine
‘No, I am just tired from the walk; nothing but a bit of rest is needed’ she said, ‘now if I may be excused, I will go to my room and rest’
‘Do you need help’ offered Catherine
‘No sister, you need not leave Mr. Mills side I will be fine on my own’ she said as she left
Later that afternoon, Martha arrived home and went into her room where she fell on her bed, worn-out from her journey as Emma walks in
‘Where are you coming from’ Emma asked
Martha put a smile on her face in wonder of Emma’s presence, ‘I was in town looking at the latest gowns to arrive’
‘Is that all you saw’
‘Yes, why you asking me these questions sister’
‘So you did not happen to see Mr. Stephen; Mr. Richard Stephen at all’
Martha’s smile disappears as she gets up and rushes to the mirror to brush her blond hair, ‘I have no idea what you seem to be saying Emma’
‘I ‘am talking about you being his personal brothel’
‘How dare you! How dare you utter such word when you have no trouble satisfying the desires of a Mr. Spencer in our own gardens when it suits him?’       
‘How did you know?’
‘Richard told me; he and Andrew are close friends need I remind you’
‘Oh God’ Emma cries as she sits down on Martha’s bed, ‘we have been played for fools’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean you and I have fallen for the worst kind of a man’s trickery; the promise of a suitor’
‘That is not true Emma’ she responds as she sat beside her, ‘I know it seems wrong to bed a man before marriage, but a woman must on occasions do what is needed to secure a suitor.’
‘What are you saying?’
‘I ‘am saying that it must be hard for them to tell their families of us and that is the only reason they have not made our relationships public’
 ‘You stupid little girl; do you not see what has happened. Those men took the cloths off our backs and everything else we had to give in marriage; what would they have to gain from us in marriage now?’ 
Martha is stunned at her response, she did not think of it in that manner. ‘We have our thoughts, our beauty and we could bare them children’
‘A man does not marry a woman for her thoughts or beauty and as of children; don’t think it be wise for them to have children bared by a woman from a well to do family’
‘No!’ she shakes her head ‘what you say can’t be what they think of us’
‘It is Martha’
‘No! I simply refuse to believe your words and will not distrust my Richard based on your thoughts of the matter’
‘Martha’ she speaks as Catherine enters the room
‘What are you doing’ Miss. Catherine asks
‘Nothing’ replies Emma to Catherine’s question
‘Dinner will be served early today so as to allow father to tell us of his journey to London and of our little brother’
‘Ok’ answers Emma as Catherine looks at Martha who seems to her to be in misery, ‘we will be down stair shortly’ utters Emma as she wishes for Catherine to leave
‘Ok, I will see the both of you down stairs’ Catherine answers as she leaves the room
‘Keep calm Martha, we need not bring our family in this’ Emma instructed Martha
That evening while at the dinner Mr. Williams told the events that had happened in London to the family 
‘It was wonderful children; Mr. Mills took the liberty of meeting me at the hotel before going to the bank the following day and explained everything to me. He also accompanied me to the prison of debtors to see your brother. He looked desperate and was basically begging for me to help him. But I will not!’ 
‘Father, you cannot simply leave David there’ Miss. Catherine pleaded
‘It will not be for long Catherine; I need the fifteen thousand pounds to invest along with the rest of my fortune so as to get a maximum return’
‘You have invested your entire money father’
‘Yes, along with a small loan I got’
‘Is that wise?’ Mrs. William asked
‘Not to worry everyone; Mr. Mills explained to me that the bank had invested in various projects across the world and will be receiving huge profits within the week. Anyone who invest in it will be rich at the weeks end which is three days from now’ he uttered with a smile
‘But still father you shouldn’t had’ Catherine expressed concerned 
‘Don’t worry Catherine; Mr. Mills assured us that we will double our finances by the weeks end’
‘Who is us’ asked Mrs. William
‘Mr. Spencer, Mr. Stephen, Mr. Wycliffe and Lord Henry with Lord Frances who were representing other Lords’
‘You meet Lord Henry and Frances’ with excitement Mrs. William asked
‘Yes; it was the following day as I stood outside the bank along with others, when a worker came from inside the bank and request my entrances into the bank on behalf of Mr. Mills; where I was directed into a room, where they all were gathered investing. You can imagine my shock of seeing the Lords there along with everyone else, which I admit overshadowed the thought of me being there to begin with’
‘It must have been exciting’ Emma said
‘My dear children, that moment was the most exciting moment of life, as I Mr. William stood in the very room with the people of the upper class; and it is all thanks to Mr. Mills who at dinner that very day asked for my permission to court my Catherine’ he uttered as excitement and joy fills the room
‘What was your answer’ Mrs. William asked
‘Yes of course’ he answers as they celebrate and congratulate Catherine, ‘her courtship with Mr. Mills will be the second talk of the town’
‘Second? Surely you mean first Mr. William’ replied Mrs. William
‘No I do not’ he answered before explaining, ‘after all the formalities at the bank, I and the others were treated at lunching in the hotel where I overheard Mr. Stephen and Mr. Spencer talk of marriage between their children, Richard and Miss. Helen’ 
  ‘What’ screams Martha who until this point was reserved in her emotions, ‘are you certain father?’
‘Yes Martha I ‘am sure of what I heard and have no doubt about it; why?’
‘Nothing father’ she utters as she rushes off to her room
‘Martha’ Mr. William shouts to his daughter
‘Don’t worry about it father’ Emma says as she stands to follow her sister
‘But why did she react like that’
‘She grew fond of Mr. Stephen after the ballroom party the Spencers had a while back and must be distressed to hear of his engagement’ Emma answered her father
‘Oh my; but why had I not heard of her interest in him’ Mrs. William asked
‘Because mother there was nothing to tell, it is nothing more than a foolish girl’s fantasy’ Emma answered again before heading up to Martha’s room
‘Oh my; what a shame in deed for Martha to hear such news of a man she seems fond off’ Mrs. Williams uttered, ‘perhaps I should talk to her’
‘No Mrs. William, let Emma do it and lets continue to congratulate Catherine in attracting a well to do Man’ he said as he raised a glass, ‘Catherine when you knelt before me that time and told me not to worry, I must admit, I did not take your words to heart; but if I had seen Mr. Mills was to come into the frame, I would have not worried at all.’ He finished saying before drinking the glass
In Martha’s room; Martha burst in and throws herself to the bed. Emma walks in, closing the door behind her
‘Don’t cry Martha’
‘Don’t cry; don’t cry, you must think a fool of me’
‘We were both fools’ she responded as she consoled her
‘How could he? How could he do this to me?’
‘Don’t Cry’ Emma says, as Martha burst into tears
Meanwhile at a tavern in town; Andrew, Richard and Mr. Mills gather together for a drink
‘So you are to marry my sister Helen?’ asked Mr. Mills
‘Yes I ‘am’ answered Richard
‘What of Miss. Martha’ Mr. Mills inquired
‘You should know by now that the Williams Mr. Mills are not to be wedded’ answered Andrew drunk from drinking 
‘Why not’ he asked
‘The William think themselves as part of us but they are not; there house is nothing to speak of, with the exception of the large gardens that stretch to the tree filled hill top’ Andrew answered as he relaxed back in his chair, ‘yes the gardens’ 
‘It would seem you and those gardens are close together’ observed Mr. Mills
‘I tell you now Mr. Mills that if I was to have my way’ he utters before looking around for anyone observing there conversation, ‘I and Miss. Emma would spend a little more time in the gardens’ he winks
‘You and Miss. Emma; did it in the gardens?’
‘Yes, yes and yes’ he toasts
‘How did you pull it off; I only manage to convince Miss. Martha to go with me to one of the many broken down cabins in the forest Mr. Richard verbalised  
‘It is not hard to convince a woman to do such matters; just make sure she is grateful to you for something’
‘And what was Miss. Martha’s grateful for’ asked Mr. Mills
‘For me to become her suitor’ he chuckled, ‘but I doubt that Miss. Catherine would be easy pickings’
‘Would you be willing to bet on the matter’ Mr. Mills answers, grabbing both Richard and Andrews’s attention 
‘You want to bet on the matter’ asked Mr. Richard
‘Yes’
‘Are sure? Miss. Catherine is the most beautiful lady in town; everyman in town thinks an angel of her. Was it not for her annoying opinions and self-worth, I would have gone after her myself. She would never do such a thing’
‘So you are willing to bet on it’
‘Yes’ Andrew and Richard answer after a brief look at each other


Chapter 7
‘Five thousand pounds is my price’
‘Five thousand pounds’ gasped Andrew, ‘there is no way we could raise that amount; three thousand pounds maybe, but not five thousand’
Mr. Mills paused and thought on the matter, before looking around at the drunken men all-round, ‘you said before Andrew that Miss. Catherine is most beautiful woman in town and many men would find her attractive wouldn’t they’
‘Yes, but I do not see its relevance’
‘How much do you think men would pay to see Miss. Catherine without clothing?’ he asked
‘What’ replied Andrew with a shock on his and Richards face, ‘I would assume that every man here or anywhere else would spend a pretty penny for that opportunity’
‘Then go ahead and ask as many as you can until you reach that five thousand pounds’ he suggests
‘But how will you pull it off’ Richard asked
‘Leave that to me; just raise the money soon ’
‘What is the rush’ Andrew asked
‘Because Miss. Catherine will be very grateful to me soon’ he answered before drinking his cup
Andrew and Richard had in there possession Mr. Mills five thousand pounds that they had raised from ten men who the convinced to pay two hundred pounds each for the opportunity to see Miss. Catherine without clothing. The waited in the forest on a small cliff that overlooked a pool of water below, surrounded by beautiful flowers where Mr. Mills had set a picnic for Miss. Catherine who was at home with her sisters and mother as Mr. William had gone to London the day before to get his returns from his investment from Lancaster Bank.
They were in the house when a carriage approached the William’s house; Catherine left the house to see who was in it, suspecting it to be Mr. Mills, but was surprised when her little brother David stepped out
‘David’ she shouted as she rushed to hug him, ‘father just left yesterday and is expected to get his returns today; how is it you are out of the jail’
‘Mr. Mills paid my debts and they let me go’ he explained
‘Mr. Mills? Are you sure it was him’
‘Yes I ‘am, at least that is what I was told when the released me and not to mention these fine clothing they gave me or this carriage that brought me here, were all paid for by a Mr. Mills’ he explained
‘Miss. Catherine?’ the carriage driver asked
‘Yes’
‘Mr. Mills requests your company; if you would be so kind as to enter the carriage, I will drive you to him’
‘How do you know Mr. Mills sister?’ David asked
‘He is my suitor with father’s permission’
‘Thank him on my behalf sister, please’
‘I will; now get inside the house and tell mother of what has happened as well as where I have gone’ she instructs before ridding off in the carriage.
The carriage rides off near the forest until Mr. Mills pops from within the forest and waves it down
‘Miss. Catherine’
‘Mr. Mills’ she replies 
‘If you would be so kind as to wear this blindfold’
‘Ok Mr. Mills’ she says as she closes her eyes, allowing him to blindfold her
Mr. Mills escorts Miss. Catherine through the forest until they reach the picnic he had set. He removes the blindfold to Catherine’s surprise and amazement at what she was seeing; her eyes open wide as she seeks to soak up as much beauty as possible.
‘Will you join me Miss. Catherine’ he utters as he stands over the picnic with a two glasses and a wine bottle in hand
‘Yes Mr. Mills’
They sat on the mat as Mr. Mills poured the wine into the glass, ‘I hope you find this wine to your liking Miss. Catherine’
‘Thank you Mr. Mills for everything you have done for my family; words could not express how grateful I ‘am to you’
Mr. Mills sees an opportunity and goes in for a kiss; Catherine doesn’t reject his advancement and returns the kiss. The passion between intensifies as Mr. Mills kisses her neck and beings to seduce her body with his touches but causes her to stop the matter when he tries to reach under skirt’
‘I ‘am sorry Miss. Catherine; I meant no disrespect by it’
‘It would not be proper for us to do this before marriage’ she replies
‘I ‘m sorry; I will escort you back to your carriage’ he replies causing a fuss from the men on the cliff as they Whispered to each other
‘What is he doing?’
‘I came here for a show’
‘I want my money back’
‘Quiet before you reveal our presence’ Andrew instructed as they watched the events unfold below
‘I ‘am sorry Mr. Mills’ Catherine utters to him
‘Samuel’
‘What’
‘My name is Samuel, but you still call me by Mr. Mills; I guess I was mistaken to think you would be interested in courting me’
‘I ‘am interested in courtship; this picnic is the most wonderful thing a man has ever done for me’
‘I will remember that Miss. Catherine’ he said as he started to pack the picnic
‘We can still have a picnic’
‘I think it better for me to pack up and escort you to the carriage’
Words of praise of Mr. Mills that her father had said crosses her mind as she watches Mr. Mills packing the basket with disappointment on his face. She; fearing the disappointment her father would have if she was to loss Mr. Mills favour in her reluctantly stands in front of Mr. Mills before beginning to slowly undress from her blue gown to Mr. Mills gazing eyes and the excitement of men on the cliff. Miss. Catherine stood there without clothing in front of Mr. Mills before he takes her hand and lays her on the picnic blanket, where they commence in love making in full view of the men.
Hours had passed since they passionately made love, as Mr. Mills saw Miss. Catherine off in the carriage
‘Thank you Miss. Catherine’ he says, as she blushes and waves good bye when the carriage starts off for her home.
Andrew and Richard come out from the forest
‘I trust you have my money’ Mr. Mills asks
‘Yes we do ’Andrew answers; ‘and have to admit you have proved us wrong more than once today’
‘Have I’
‘Yes; we thought you to be truly in love with Miss. Catherine’ Richard replied
‘A banker is in love with one thing and one thing only; money’ he says before collecting the money from Andrew
‘By the way; why are you here and not in London with Mr. Baldwin at the bank?’ Richard asked
‘Mr. Baldwin doesn’t need my presence for what is about to happen there’ he replied
‘Which means you were free to provide the most wonderful sight a man can ever see; Miss. Catherine naked and in service of man, what a story it will serve in the bars’ Andrew uttered
‘Well, I will see you around’ Mr. Mills uttered as he walked off
‘That man will go far in life’ uttered Richard
‘Yes, but no matter how far he goes, like the William’s he will always be beneath us’ replied Andrew


Chapter 8
The following day came and none in the world would have known of the drama that would unfold on this day. Miss. Williams came from town having heard gossip among the women she could not believe. She burst into the sitting room where the children had gathered
‘Mother what’s wrong’ Emma asked, but Miss. Williams stood there in silence as if shocked by a ghost
‘Mother, are you alright?’ David asked as well 
‘I have come from town where I heard the most disturbing news’ she stumbles to speak. ‘Catherine, my Catherine is rumored to have slept with Mr. Mills, in full view of some of the town’s men’
‘What’ Emma cries, as they all turn to Catherine
‘Catherine, is this true?’ David asks
‘Yes, but we were along in the forest; how could it be that anyone saw us’
‘Mr. Mills arranged for everything; he had Mr. Andrew and Mr. Richard collect two hundred pounds from various men including my dress maker to see you unclothe yourself in the forest’ Mrs. William says before collapsing in David’s arms.
‘Mother’ David cries, as everyone else around stands in shock at what Mrs. William has uttered. ‘I will have words with Mr. Mills and in such a manner, that he will regret helping me leave the debtors jail’ 
‘He’s gone’ Mrs. William says in agony
‘What?’ David responds
‘I went to his lodgings to confront his actions and discovered him to be gone. The clerk said he left yesterday late afternoon, but to where he knows not’ Mrs. William cries aloud
‘Catherine, you are ruined and have shamed this family’ Martha shouts
‘Don’t you dare act like an angel Martha or you Emma’ Mrs. William comes to her defense, ‘word has also spread of your involvement with the engaged Mr. Richard and your engagements of Mr. Andrew, Emma in our gardens’. 
‘What have you girls done?’ David asks
‘Don’t you dare play the innocent one brother or have forgotten the debts that you brought in this house and scandalized our reputation’ Emma replies, ‘perhaps if you had not dragged our name through the mud we wouldn’t be in this situation’
‘So this is my fault sister’ David answers leaving Mrs. William on the floor to confront his sister Emma who is backed up Martha, ‘what I did I did for the sake of this family; I took a gamble and lost, so what of it’
‘So what of it’ Emma replies before a scuffle breaks out between them with Martha trying to break it up and Mrs. Williams still on the floor pleading for them to stop while Catherine still stands in shock and horror of what has just occurred.
The madness in the house stops as the sound of a rushing carriage is heard from outside
‘Who might that be’ David asks just to hear the front door burst wide open as a dashing Mr. William rushes in.
Mr. William stands in front of them gasping for breath when Mrs. William rises to his side
‘Mr. William you will not believe the horror that has fallen on this house’ Mrs. William speaks, only to have Mr. William brush her aside as he heads for a chair to catch his breath
‘No news you have will be darker than the news I bring for this town’ he uttered
‘What news father’ Emma asks
‘The Lancaster Bank is ruined and so is anyone who dared invest with it’
‘What’ they all screamed
‘It would seem that Mr. Baldwin created huge profits for the bank and investors by attracting as many people as he could, with the offer of huge returns from investments he would make. But it was announced yesterday morning that he and Mr. Mills were actually ruining a scum that paid old investors with new investors, which has led to a financial crush of the bank.
‘Where is Mr. Baldwin now?’ Mrs. William asked
‘Rumor has it; he boarded a ship bound for South America from Portsmouth’
‘Our house is ruined’ cried Mrs. William
‘It is not just our house Mrs. William; everyone in Sheffield is ruined, by decree from the House of Lords’. 
‘What do you mean?’ Mr. Williams
Mr. William clear in mind recounted the decree passed by the House of Lords that was printed in papers
‘We, The House of Lords have decreed that all those who invested in Lancaster bank are in debated to the Lords of England and must repay the debt with interest or be arrested and sent to the debtors jail until full payment. All belongings of the debtors are to be sized immediately as payment until full payment is made and may include housing, clothing and jewelry. ’
‘What?’ Mrs. Williams cries
‘Yes, we must pack everything now and head for Ireland; it is our only hope. Where are the servants?
‘They took the day off’ David replies 
Mrs. William instructs the children to go and pack their belongings, but has to snap Catherine from a trance she has developed in which she sees everything moving in slow motion
The whole town hears of the decree passed by The House of Lords and rush to gather their belongings to flee to Ireland, but are shaken when a man rushes the streets on horseback shouting
‘The collectors are coming’
A panic strikes the town as riders on horseback are seen from a distance coming to ravish the town. The riders arrive in the town and grab all the valuables the see in sight including women. Estate after estate is ravished with the collectors, arresting anyone and everyone they see. It is not long before they arrive at the William’s estate, but Martha had seen them coming and shouts to her father who quickly orders them to seek refuge in the forest.
The Williams looked from the hilltop behind the tress as their house is ransacked by the collectors. Tears are shed as they cry over their beloved home. Their watch is short as they decide to head into the forest.  
They wonder the forest for hours exhausted from their walk, when they notice other families walking besides them in both directions. The sight was simply amazing; the families looked as if they came from a war. Bruises could been seen on men, women and children; ripped cloths brushed against the grass as they walked, carrying like the Williams a few pair of clothing and cooking utensils
‘Is that the Wycliffe’s’ Mrs. Williams asks
‘Yes it is; none were spared from the decree’ answers Mr. William
‘Where will we go?’ asks Emma
‘There are old cabins in this forest; if we can find one before anyone else we can claim it for ourselves’
‘You mean live here; in the forest’
‘The debt collectors will never stop looking for us’
‘Father is right Emma; when I was in jail I met a Mr. Smith who went on the run from his debtors. For ten years he hid until they caught up to him and now he is forced to wear heavy chains as punishment’ answered David
‘So we must stay here’ Martha complained as well
‘The forest is too big for them to search; it will be the safest place for us right now’
‘In that case I know of a cabin not far from here, but we need to hurry if we are to get there first’
They hurried up so as to get to the cabin first; where Martha and Richard would meet at times to make love. Upon arriving they find it already occupied by none other than the Stephens.
Richard comes from inside to see to his brothers wife’s work outside when he sees Miss. Martha and her family
‘You bastard’ Miss. Martha screams, ‘You dare move here you bastard’
‘Weren’t you about to do the same?’
‘Yes, but it is my right’
‘There are no rights out here Martha; it’s everyone for them-selves’
The argument results in the remaining house hold emerging from the old four roomed cabin. Richards father Mr. Bolingbroke Stephen emerges accompanied by his other son Mr. Fredrick Stephen who stands by his wife Molly; are also joined by the Spencer house hold with Helen spencer standing by Richard.
The sight of Richard and Helen disgust Martha who turns away
‘Under the situation a good day greeting would be an understatement of the events that have unfolded; would you not agree Mr. William?’ Mr. Bolingbroke asks
‘Yes Mr. Stephen it would; since Mr. Spencers bank has destroyed the entire town’
‘I had nothing to do with the bank’s collapse Mr. Williams; Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Mills fooled us all. Including you Mr. William; wasn’t your daughter Catherine involved with Mr. Mills’ Mr. Spencers defends himself
‘Yes; regrettably she was involved with Mr. Mills, but we had no idea of his bad intensions toward us’
‘Nor did I Mr. Williams; nor did I’
‘This argument will take us nowhere; Mr. William we arrived here first and as such we claim it’ Mr. Bolingbroke spoke
‘Yes, Mr. Bolingbroke; that is alright. Goodbye’ Mr. William utters before directing his family away.
The William’s wonder on and find an old two bedroom cabin
‘Hello; is any one there’ Mr. William asks, but no reply is heard. The take it to be empty and walk in; there are greeted by decades of dirt and old rotten furniture.
‘It may not be much, but it will do’ Mrs. William comments
‘Snow’
‘What was that Emma’ Mrs. William asks of Emma
‘It’s snowing’
They all gather outside and behold the forest being covered with snow
Mr. William looks at the falling the snow and utters, ‘like the snow we have fallen; our white life to be dirtied by the earth and melted away in history’s books’
A year passes and a community is built in the forest; gone are the upper classes who have find themselves at the mercy of the skilled local folks. They are unable to hunt or build as successfully as the common peasants, who charge in exchange for their service the last of the upper class’s wealth. Lucky were the ones whose former servants now took them under their wing; such as Mrs. Arthur and Mrs. Fairfax. As the winter begins to return, everyone one now begins to stoke up on food and water. 
David tries to catch a rabbit with a trap he had set up. A rabbit appears, but doesn’t take the bait; David enraged, chases the rabbit, but in vain as the rabbit hides in a hole. David, exhausted decides to head on home when from the bushes three collectors appear. David quickly hides in the bushes as they pass on by.
‘Do you think those fugitives are still alive’ asked a collector
‘It is hard to tell, no sign of them has been noted for months; maybe they left’
‘That is impossible unless they crossed the t sea or climbed the steep mountains; those journeys have claimed the best of explores.’
‘So there still here’
‘Yes’
‘What do we do now?’
‘We carry on searching as we have all these months’
The debt collectors continue on their way, allowing David to escape from the area. 
Miss. Emma collects water at the stream when she spots Mr. Andrew behind her after she turns around to head on home with the water. Emma lowers her head as she tries to walk on by Mr. Andrew, but he would not have it and holds her arm before kissing her lips
‘Let go of me’ Miss. Emma shouts before slapping him
‘I miss you Emma’
‘You should have thought of that a long time ago Andrew’
‘Emma’
‘No Andrew; you and Richard are the worst thing that has happened to my family. You, Richard and that bastard Mr. Mills deserve each other in hell’
‘Emma what can I do for you to forgive me’ he asks, only to have Emma walk away. ‘Emma, I will do anything!’
Miss. Emma turns around and answers, ‘my interest in you then was for your wealth and class; your interest in me, was the warmth I offered your bed’. Miss Emma reaches down her dress and lefts it up; revealing her left thigh, ‘here is my warmth; where is your wealth?’ Miss. Emma utters as she turns her back to Mr. Andrew who is now filled with desire on his face.
‘Emma’ he shouts
‘It is Miss. Emma, Andrew; I suggest you remember that’ she says as she walk off, leaving Mr. Andrew in anger as observed by the rock he throws violently in the stream. 


Chapter 9
Arriving home, Emma finds Catherine nursing their father’s ill health as Mrs. Williams had gone in an unrecoverable depression over their situation during the long hard months. David walks in empty handed from his hunt
‘No meat’ Miss. Martha asks
‘No’ David responds
‘I ‘am sure you tried your best’ Miss. Catherine encouraged. ‘Martha can you take care of father’
‘Why, where are you going?’
‘We need more water’
‘But Emma has just gathered water’
‘I know, but we still need more’
‘I will go’ offered David
‘No David; you need to rest, I will go’
Miss. Catherine approaches the stream when from the bushes Miss. Helen appears; her dress looks a mess as she rushes past Catherine with two rabbits in hand. Catherine clearly sees distress and embarrassment on her face as she rushed past her. With curiosity Emma looks at the bushes Miss. Helen came from, when Mr. John Pym comes out. Mr. John Pym cleans himself up as Miss. Catherine walks by acting as if she had seen nothing, but realises to herself that Miss. Helen like many other women, offered herself in exchange for the rabbits Mr. Pym is known to catch.
Mr. John watches Miss. Catherine walk by with lustful eyes, ‘Miss. Catherine’ he calls.
‘Yes Mr. John’ she answers, remembering the towns former dress maker that she and her sisters had used on many occasions
‘I was there’ he utters
‘Sorry’
‘I was there when Mr. Mills had you’ he answers, causing Catherine to turn around and continue walking. ‘Would you love a rabbit’ he asked
 Catherine turns around, ‘excuse me Mr. John’
‘Would you like to have a rabbit?’
‘In exchange for what’
‘Now what makes you think I want to exchange it for something?’
‘So it is for free’
‘Yes you can have it for free’
Catherine walks over to collect the rabbit from Mr. John who collects six rabbits from the bushes that he had captured and killed
‘You can have this one’ he offers but withdraws as Catherine reaches for it, ‘you can have it for a kiss’
‘I thought it was free’
‘It was; but that was then and this now and now it cost a kiss’
Catherine looks at the rabbit knowing very well how badly they need the meat to survive the winter, ‘thank you Mr. John for your kind offer, but I think I will decline it’ she answers, turning away from Mr. john
‘Two rabbits, for you to take off your dress’ he offers
Catherine now offended by his offer rushes to the stream and proceeds to gather the water as Mr. John taunts her
‘I already saw you naked Miss. Catherine; you need not be shy about it. Three rabbits, my final offer’ he utters as Miss. Catherine having gathered her water walks past him to her house. ‘Six rabbits Miss. Catherine, for you to sleep with me’
Miss. Catherine turns back at Mr. John, dropping her bucket of water walks to Mr. John and starts a negotiation. ‘Three rabbits for a kiss’
‘A kiss and a grab of your breast’
‘That will cost five rabbits and one breast’
‘Four’
‘Five’
‘Four’
‘Five and if you say four I will make it six’, she threatens
‘Never mind Miss. Catherine, you are too expensive to buy’ he utters before Miss. Catherine turns around. Seeing an opportunity and filled with lust Mr. John jumps on Catherine, forcing her to the ground
‘Get off me’ Catherine cries as she struggles 
‘You may be too expensive to buy, but why should I buy when I can take you by force’ he says as he tries to reach under her dress.
Mr. John struggles with Miss. Catherine on the ground as she tries to fight back, but it is of no use as Mr. John overpowers her and proceeded to have his way with her when from behind a blow hits Mr. John, knocking him over.
‘Are you alright Catherine?’ asks David before proceeding to hit Mr. John with left and right punches. ‘You dare attack my sister’ with rage David shouts, continuing to punch Mr. John on the ground, who with his hands protecting his head pleads for his life
‘Please stop! Please! Take the rabbits but don’t kill me’ he shouted.
David stopped his assault on Mr. John and proceeded to get up, so as to check on his sister who was still on the ground. ‘Are you Ok’
‘Yes I am’
‘Let’s go’ David said, helping his sister up and picking up the rabbits. ‘If you ever come near my sister again, I will kill you’ he points at Mr. John, as he utters the warning before leaving with his sister.
At the Stephen and Spencer’s cabin Miss. Emma arrived with the two rabbits in toll. She walks past Andrew and Richard who sat on old furniture like old homeless men
‘I didn’t know my woman knows how to hunt’ Richard uttered as his alcohol breath could now be smelt by Helen
‘Have been drinking’ she asks
‘And what of it’
‘What of it; we are barely finding food and you are acquiring alcohol’
‘Leave me alone!’
‘No! I will not leave you along. Do you have any idea what I go through to put food on the table; do you have any idea what I do?’
‘Yes! I know what you do; I know you’re a whore’ he replies. ‘The whole forest knows it’
‘Just like they know what a worthless man you are’ she answers back when Fredrick and Molly walk in
‘Rabbits, where did they come from’ asks Molly
‘Do not ask a question, you have the answer to’ replies Helen
Andrew sitting on the chair leaves the cabin and runs into his father and Mr. Bolingbroke
‘Where are you off to Andrew’ asks his father
‘For a long walk father; I suggest you not follow me’ he answers as he walks off
Mr. Bolingbroke and Mr. Hepburn look at each other before walking in
‘Does anyone know what is wrong with Andrew’ Mr. Hepburn asks
‘Perhaps his is angry with me’ answers Helen
‘Why would he be angry with you daughter’
 Helen lefts the rabbits and shows them to her father, 
‘Rabbits’ Mr. Hepburn asks
‘Yes rabbits; rabbits that this whore gathered’ she angrily expressed. ‘I ‘am known as the whore of this forest all because the men of this house can’t build or hunt; and I ‘am sick of it. So from now own, we build, hunt or die and if worst come than Miss. Molly should get used to serving not just her husband’. Helen’s will was strong and her determinations sound as she dropped the rabbits to the ground and walks away.
As the Williams sat the following night in the cold winter night, eating on a hot bow of rabbit stew Martha heard a knock at the door. She answered it and found an old weary man standing there.
‘Is this the cabin of the Williams’?’ the old man asks
‘Yes’ answers Martha
‘Is Miss. Catherine here’ he inquires
‘Catherine’ Martha calls
Catherine walks to the crocked door. ‘Mr. Oliver?’
‘Miss. Catherine’
‘Do come in’
The old man walked in to the gazing eyes of everyone inside and sat in Catherine’s chair as she had directed.
‘Mr. Oliver, please take this bow of stew’ Catherine offered
‘No Miss. Catherine, I wish not to trouble you and your kind family’
‘But you look cold and tired’
‘I will endure Miss. Catherine, but it is the sin I ‘am to confess to you that I can no longer endure’
‘What sin do you speak off Mr. Oliver?’
‘Where am I to start Miss. Catherine’ he asked as his mind gathered the courage to tale the story that none had known until now. ‘Mr. Mills’ he uttered in a tired manner, ‘Mr. Mills deceived you’
‘Yes Mr. Mills, I and the whole forest is aware of Mr. Mills’ deception and of his trickery of unclothing me before many men, of which you were part of’
‘Yes’ he answers at her with amazement 
‘Be not concerned, I ‘am not angry at you or the other men over the matter. It was my mistake and it is I who should have known better than undress in public; so have this stew and speak of it no more’
‘But how did you know that I was among the men?’
‘Mr. John was kind enough to inform the whole forest of the juicy information both before we came here and after; especially when my brother and he had a fight yesterday, which my brother won and now we eat his stew’ she answers
‘Thank you for your forgiveness on that matter Miss. Catherine’
‘You’re welcome Mr. Oliver’ she answers as she hands him the stew and proceeds to walk away when he speaks
‘However Miss. Catherine, that is not the deception I came to speak off’
‘What; what other is there’ with a puzzled face she asks
‘Miss. Catherine; surely over the many months you have come to ask yourself of the extent of Mr. Mills deception have you not’ he asked, but no answer came from Miss.  Catherine. ‘Mr. Willow, Miss. Catherine’
Catherine is shocked at his words and horrified. ‘What of Mr. Willow, Mr. Oliver; tell me now and leave no details about it’
‘Mr. Mills lied to you Miss. Catherine, as did I; Mr. Willow was not a bad man, no not all. He was the kindness man you could have ever met Miss. Catherine, but as luck would have it he was too kind. Do you remember those documents you had him sign; they were documents that allowed the bank not only to size his London property, but all the property he possessed including his house without pay’
‘What’ Miss. Catherine screamed as she heard the news, ’then the orphanage’
‘The orphanage was run by Mr. Willow; he had started it when his father died in remembrance of his Mother, but as soon as Mr. Mills got a hold of it, he throw the children out into the streets like dogs before coming to London to kick Mr. Willow out of his house’. Mr. Oliver paused before he began to say what had happened when Mr. Mills arrived at Mr. Willow’s estate with about twenty men


Chapter 10
‘What is the meaning of this’ asked Mr. Willow as Mr. Mills burst into his shed with two men, while he worked on the contraptions
‘I have come from the bank to take hold of your property as per the agreement you signed’ Mr. Mills answered
‘What agreement; I did not sign any agreement with you or your bank’ he answered only to see a smile break on Mr. Mills face before he tossed him a copy of the documents. Mr. Willow read the documents and to his shock his signature was at its bottom
‘As you can see, that document allows the bank to sell all your property in exchange for shares in ventures it will undertake in the future’
‘I didn’t sign this!’
‘Yes you did, as you can see by the signature at the bottom’
‘I don’t know how you forged my signature, but I know I never signed this document’
‘You don’t remember signing that document’
‘No! I do not’
‘Not even in the presence of Miss. Catherine?’
Mr. Willow was shocked as he recalls signing Miss. Catherine church documents and now realises that he was tricked, rushes out the shed and calls for Mr. Oliver. “Mr. Oliver call for my solicitor at once’, but Mr. Oliver stood still as he watched the two men with Mr. Mills grab hold of him. ‘Run Oliver Run and get help’, but Mr. Oliver stood there as still as a rock.
‘Mr. Oliver is not going anywhere Mr. Willow unless I tell him too’ Mr. Mills uttered after emerging from the shed with long thin copper cables in hand. Mr. Mills ordered his men to turn Mr. Willow around so as to face him. ‘Mr. Willow, the document is sound, but I cannot have you making trouble for me or Mr. Baldwin until we are finished with this town. However, I would like you to take comfort; Miss. Catherine would have never been interested in you’ he uttered causing a slight struggle from Mr. Willow. ‘Turn him around’ he commanded his men before he began to whip him with the copper cables. Mr. Oliver looks on as Mr. Mills strikes him again and again before walking away as Mr. Mills strikes Mr. Willow for a long time, before stopping when he sees him past out with his back bleeding uncontrollably. ‘Get rid him in the forest; make sure he is dead when you do it’
Mr. Oliver finishes his recount of the day causing Miss. Catherine to collapse down.
‘How could you!’ Mr. Williams asked 
‘He paid me and was a man with greed as high as a mountain’ Mr. Oliver answered
‘What happened to Mr. Willow?’ asked Catherine on the ground, surrounded by her sisters
‘He must be dead somewhere in the forest’ he answered
‘What did I do?’ Miss. Catherine asked as hysteria of anguish takes hold of her
‘It is not your fault Miss. Catherine, but mine. I betrayed my master and am spending the rest of my life paying for it. I took the money Mr. Mills gave me and gambled it away, along with my wife and kids who I foolishly sold in a pub to a traveler for two hundred pounds, that I spent on seeing you unclothed’ he answered as he burst in tears. 
‘How could you Mr. Oliver’ asked Mr. William
‘I have no answer to your question Mr. William; all I know is that I cannot kill myself out of hope of seeing my family again’ he cried
‘Do you know where they dumped Mr. Willow’s body’ asked Miss. Catherine
‘No’
‘Than I will search the whole forest’ she said 
‘You cannot’
‘And why not’
‘Mr. Baldwin and Mr. Mills weren’t working along’
‘What’ said Mr. William upon hearing Mr. Oliver’s claim  
‘They were in league with Lord Henry and Frances, so as to make it look like Mr. Mills and Mr. Baldwin swindled all the Lords; resulting in the rest of the Lords to pass the law requiring them to be compensated by everyone who invested in the bank without suspicion from the King’ Mr. Oliver explains 
 ‘We were swindled by the Lords of England’ shouts Mr. Williams
‘Just Lord Henry and Frances; they others had no idea of the scum they were doing. Mr. Baldwin suggested to Lord Henry and Frances that if they could convince an entire town to invest the bank than they could take that town for everything it had’
‘Outrageous’ shouts Mr. William, ‘and you knew of this how’
‘Mr. Mills like many men, uttered many things when drunk. The day he stole Mr. Willow’s possessions he drunk long into the night in celebration in Mr. Willow’s house’   
‘We have to take this matter to the courts!’
‘There is no need of that’
‘Why Mr. Willow’
‘It’s the same reason Miss. Catherine cannot look for Mr. Willow’s body. The Lords have been challenged in parliament and they feel threaten. They have gotten debt collectors from all over the land and Ireland to come here. They will be searching for everyone who fled all those years ago’
‘What’ Miss. Martha uttered
‘They are planning to use you all as examples against those who challenge them. You will be dragged in the street of London before being thrown in the jail of debtors’
‘What can we do?’ David asks  
‘Run; it is the only option’ Mr. Oliver suggest
‘But the forest boarders the Sea and we will not survive climbing the mountains, not in winter’ Mr. Williams answers
‘Maybe I can help you and everyone escape through the town.’
‘Is it safe’ Miss. Emma asked
‘Yes, I have been walking the streets at night and it seems people sleep early due to cold nights’
‘How is it Mr. Oliver that you did not come here when we all ran here and how did you know where we were’ ask David who is suspicious of Mr. Oliver
‘I found you the same way they will. Mr. Andrew’
‘Andrew!’ Miss. Emma spoke
‘Yes. Mr. Andrew appeared yesterday in the town; I, Mr. David was caught when you all fled, but was brought into the house hold of a Lord by the name of Mr. Wilmot Kings, who acquired your house Mr. William for his own. He cleared the debts I incurred gambling, but without doubt he is an evil man; heartless soul that blackness the day. Andrew was captured and tortured; he spilled everything about where you were’
‘We have to go’ Mr. William said, ‘do you know when they are coming Mr. Oliver’
‘Yes, it is the day after tomorrow’ he answers
‘Then tomorrow we will gather everybody and you can tell your story’
Having gathered everybody and explained the situation; everyone became convinced of moving through the town under Mr. Oliver’s guide. All except Mr. Spencer who wanted to rescue his son
‘We have to rescue my son’ Mr. Spencer pleads
‘Mr. Spencer I know it must be hard, but we cannot risk it’ Mr. Stephen argues
‘That is easy for you to say, your son is by your side is he not; while my son is in a cage like a wild dog’
‘That is of, his own making’ Mrs. Fairfax said
‘I ‘am sorry Mr. Spencer, but I must agree with Mrs. Fairfax and I ‘am too old to allow myself to be taken to debtors’ jail for the sake of your son’ Mrs. Arthur said
Mr. Spencer is comforted by his daughter, who with a shake of the head suggests to him of the hopeless cause he is undertaking.
‘Than it is settled; I will wait for you at the edge of the forest at one o ‘clock at night when most of the town is asleep. You will use it to sneak past everyone and head on to Ireland where you can use a boat to head to France or any other place as far away from England as possible.
One o‘clock arrived and the people gathered at the edge of the forest, when the saw a man coming from town. It was Mr. Oliver, who had arrived.
‘They all seem asleep; follow me’
The followed Mr. Oliver through the streets as quietly as possible. They managed to pass the town without detection into the dark cold road to Ireland with the snow falling; a feeling of safety was among them as the saw their former town behind them when torch after torch lit all round them
‘Where do you think you’re going’ asked a voice. It was none other than Lord Wilmot Kings. ‘Mr. Oliver. Well done; I couldn’t have done it better myself’
Everyone looked at Mr. Oliver
‘You bastard’ screamed Miss. Emma
‘I ‘am sorry; especially to you Miss. Catherine. All that I told you was the truth, but I neglected to inform you that the man who I sold my wife and daughter to was in service to Lord Wilmot and he offered me the opportunity to get them back if I was help him capture you all’ Mr. Oliver explained
‘Now that is not entirely true Mr. Oliver. I promised you would see them again and I ‘am a man of my word, but I did not say when or where you would meet them now did I’ Lord Wilmot says
‘Lord Wilmot’ Mr. Oliver said with pleading eyes
‘Round them up and lock them up; tomorrow we take them to the debtors’ jail in London’ Lord Wilmot ordered 
The following day at dawn break; the people woke up in cages that were made for them. A disgruntled Mr. Oliver lay in one cell by himself, as he was made fun of by the debt collectors.
‘That is what he deserves, that bastard’ Miss. Emma spoke
‘Hush Emma, we need not draw attention to ourselves’ Miss. Martha added 
‘What does it matter; whether a debtor’s jail or a forest cabin we are still going to be in hell’ uttered Miss. Williams. The children were shocked as their mother had not uttered a word since falling into her depression. Mr. William simply held her by the hand and kissed it uttering, ‘I have missed you love’


Chapter 11
Lord Wilmot rode in on his black horse and top hat. ‘Now, now; I know you are all anxious to get on with the show; so I will not let your suffering go on any further. The guards will open the cages and you will be chained to each other and dragged to London’s very welcoming debtors’ jail’ he uttered, before bursting into laughter.
It was at this moment that a carriage appeared to arrive. Upon opening if the door stepped out the Duke of Cambridge.
‘Your Grace, what brings you here?’ asked Lord Wilmot
‘Since when does a Lord question a Duke; Lord Wilmot. Who are these people?’
‘They are debtors that fled their debts; I was just to have them escorted to London’s debtors’ jail’
‘How many here fled from the debts caused by the Lancaster Bank a year ago’ the Duke asked them
‘We all fled your Grace’ answered Mr. William
‘Lord Wilmot; on the command of the King with the support from the Dukes; and the Lords of parliament, you are to release them all immediately’ the Duke commanded
‘What; they owe me and many Lords in the house; how could it be that there to be let go’
‘Their debts Mr. Wilmot, have been paid in full and all the property, that they once possessed are to be given to the new owner’
‘Who paid their debts; who could even managed to pay their debts’
‘A rich man Mr. Wilmot; a very rich man’
‘I object; Lord Henry, Lord Frances and my-self included, will never let this happen’
‘Funny you should mention Lord Henry and Lord Frances, Lord Wilmot; because they are currently under investigation by the King for possible involvement in the collapse of Lancaster Bank. The King also believes that there might be a third party involved in the matter. Since you were close friends with them Lord Wilmot, perhaps you might know something on the matter’
Lord Wilmot’s’ attitude changes on the matter, as he realises the trouble he could get if he dare draw attention to himself. ‘I do not know them that well, your Grace and will do as your Grace commands on this matter’ he uttered with a smile, signifying his submission
‘Citizens of Sheffield; you are free from your debts’
‘Thank you, your Grace’ they cheered
‘Thank you, but your cheers belong to the King and the man that paid all of your debts’
‘May we know his name’ asked Mr. William
‘The man that paid your debts’ asked the Duke, receiving a node from Mr. William. ‘I do not know his name, but only of his associate; a Mr. Mark Cavendish, who I believe will be here shortly to take hold of the possessions his employer has acquired.’ 
A carriage rode in. It was indeed Mr. Mark Cavendish coming to take hold of all the property on behalf of his employer.
He greeted the Duke and Lord before addressing the people. ‘People of Sheffield, I bring you good news; your town has been selected by my employer who chooses to remain unknown, as the capital of his steel empire that stretches the globe. You all will prosper!’ Mr. Cavendish said before large cheers came from the crowd
‘What of our property?’ asked Mr. William
‘Property?’
‘Yes, the ones that we had before we fled’ 
‘My employer was not responsible for the loss of your property. However, whoever’s property was that of livelihood; will receive favour from my employer to establish that property back to its former glory, in expectance of the large migration that is to follow into the town.’
Cheers came from the crowd among the common folks as they would retain their former property, but the privileged group realised, they have now officially become commoners. Months passed from that day and the town prospered, as factory after factory was made to mass produce steel goods to the world. The Williams found themselves living in small household in the poorer part of town, as their daughters worked at the local bar as waitresses and their son had moved out and married to a woman who was to bare him a child.
One night at the bar Mr. Andrew appeared from a hard day’s work at a factory for a drink
‘Good evening Miss. Emma’ Mr. Andrew greeted as she came to ask for his drinking pleasure. ‘I will have nothing to drink today Miss. Emma, but rather I will have a meal’
‘What meal would like Mr. Andrew?’
‘Do you serve forgiveness?’
‘No’
‘Not even for a special request’
‘No’
‘How about mercy’
‘Good night Mr. Andrew’ she said as she walks away. Miss Emma walked the floor before a slap hit her bums from behind. She turns to see a drunken man with his friends around a table sitting on a chair with dirty eyes gazing upon her.
‘Why don’t you sit on my lap little lady’ the drunkard said with cheering from his friends, but Emma simply decided to ignore him and walk away. The drunkard was angered by her actions and chased after her, grabbing her hand against her will. ‘You are no longer the Miss of the land Emma and should behave like it’ he uttered as he began to kiss her against her will.
Andrew seeing this unfold came to Miss. Emma’s rescue by knocking the man down to the ground, but is jumped by the drunkard’s friends that beat him down before dragging him outside, where the finish him off with the drunkard having the last kick
‘Stop it’ shouts Miss. Emma, ‘or I will call the police’ she threatened 
They stopped beating Andrew and calmly walked back into the pub. Miss. Emma and Miss. Martha go to check up Andrew and see him badly beaten. 
The bar keeper came out the door and finds them caring for Andrew, ‘you girls are fired; you cause to much trouble’ she says before tossing coins of payment on the floor next to them, ‘there is your payment, now take it and go; and be sure to tell that loony sister of yours that she is fired too’
Martha began to pick up the scattered pieces of coins on the floor as Miss. Emma talked to Andrew
‘Are you alright?’ she asked
‘Yes’
‘Come on, we will take you home’
‘I don’t have a home’
‘What’
‘My father is dead and Richard moved to London with Helen along with the Stephens because of the treatment we get in this town’
‘I did know that’
‘How could you; the death of commoners is a common every day event’
‘I will take you home’
‘No’
‘I can’t leave you here’
‘If you were to forgive me this very moment; you could leave me here and I would not hold it against you’
‘Andrew’
‘I have done wrong by you Miss. Emma and I have no words to convince you of how sorry I am’
‘I forgive you and I will give another chance; if you wish it’
‘I do’
Miss. Martha had finished gathering the coins, ‘we better get him to his home’ she said
‘No, we are taking him to our house; now grab one of his arms and put it on your shoulder’ Miss. Emma replied as the carried him home


Chapter 12
Mrs. William and Mr. William were home waiting for their daughters return when a knock was heard at the door. 
Mrs. William opened the door, ‘Mr. Cavendish?’
‘Yes; is this the home of the William’s?’
‘Yes it is’
‘May I come in?’
‘Yes you may’ Miss. William said as she opened the door wide open for him
‘Good evening sir’ Mr. Cavendish said as he greeted Mr. William
‘Good evening to you sir, please have a sit’
‘Why thank you Mr. William’
‘Would like to have a cup of tea’
‘No thank you Mrs. William I ‘am fine’
‘What brings you to my house Mr. Cavendish?’ asked Mr. William
‘Well I came to inquire about your daughters Mr. William’
‘My daughters’
‘Yes; let me explain. My employer is finally coming to town and we are rather shorthanded at your former residence and I thought that perhaps your daughters would be interested in working there’
‘No’ answered Mrs. William
‘Mrs. William’ uttered Mr. William
‘No, I will not have my daughters humiliated in such a manner. It is bad enough we live like this, but to have my daughters work in the house they once called home is more than I can bear’ Mrs. William uttered
‘I ‘am sorry Mrs. William if I caused offence, perhaps I should have considered that before asking it of you and your family’
It was then when Miss. Emma and Martha came home with Andrew in toll.
‘What happened to Andrew’ asked Mrs. William
‘He was beaten up at the inn, after he saved me from a drunkard’ answered Miss. Emma
‘Here, let me help’ offered Mr. Cavendish as he took hold of Andrew and sat him in a chair
‘He needs a doctor’ Mrs. William said 
‘I will have my carriage go and get him one’ said Mr. Cavendish before he left the house
‘Mother, what is Mr. Cavendish doing in our house’ asked Martha
‘He has come to offer you employment at our former house’
‘Than we will have to accept’
‘What’ Miss. Williams uttered
‘We were fired from the bar mother; as of this moment we are unemployed’
Mr. Cavendish arrived back in the house having given instructions to his carriage driver to fetch a doctor at once for Andrew. ‘My driver will be back with a doctor for your friend’ he uttered
‘Mr. Cavendish, my mother has told us of you offer of employment and we would like to accept it’ uttered Miss. Martha excepting an immediately answer, but Mr. Cavendish was caught unaware of her beauty and was stuck in envy of it. ‘Mr. Cavendish’ called Miss. Martha snapping him out of his trance
‘Yes of course; consider yourself employed’ Mr. Cavendish spoke. ‘Excuse me, but I was made to believe that there were three daughters; where is the last one’
‘Our last daughter is in the forest Mr. Cavendish’ answered Mr. William as silence caught the rest of the family. ‘Surely you have heard of loony Catherine; that’s what the whole town calls my daughter, because she searches the forest for a dead man’
‘If I may ask, what man does she search for?’ Mr. Cavendish asked
‘Mr. Willow; a young man she believe to have done a great in justice to’
‘And did she’
‘Yes, but she had no idea at the time that she was doing it; a man by the name of Mr. Mills tricked her into tricking Mr. Willow into signing away his property. We discovered through Mr. Willow’s former employee a Mr. Oliver that he was killed and tossed into the forest’
‘So she searches the forest for Mr. Willow’s body’
‘Yes; ever since we settled here she has not missed an opportunity to search for him’
‘How interesting’
‘If my sister’s presence will cause a problem Mr. Cavendish then you need not employee her’ Miss. Martha suggested 
‘No there is no need of that; I understand the situation and will not hold it against the girl’ Mr. Cavendish answered
‘Thank you Mr. Cavendish, for your understanding of my daughter’s situation’ Mr. Williams uttered
Meanwhile in the moon lit forest, Miss. Catherine after a long search decided to head on home when she heard a twig break. 
‘Hello; is any one there?’ Miss. Catherine asked as she shined her lamp around
‘Hello Miss. Catherine’ uttered a shadow figure, freighting Miss. Catherine before stepping into the light. It was Mr. John Pym. ‘It has been a long time since we last meet’
‘Mr. Pym, stay back or else’
‘Or else what Miss. Catherin; you are far away from home and if memory serves me right your brother recently left your house to house of his own. You are along Miss. Catherine and there is nothing to stop me now.
Catherine turned and ran as quickly as she could. Mr. Pym chased after her through the forest, as they both emerged from it, near Catherine’s former home. A tackle by Mr. Pym causes them to roll down the hill into the gardens, where Mr. Pym grabs her and pins her to the ground.
‘Don’t struggle Miss. Catherine. I do believe that you will enjoy every moment of it’ Mr. Pym uttered as he began to kiss her when from the top of the hill a horseman appeared. 
With gazing eyes Mr. Pym looked at the horseman as the moon shined from behind him, striking fear in Mr. Pym who quickly fled. Catherine looked at the fleeing Mr. Pym with wonder of why he ran before she too turned to the hill and saw the horseman.
Catherine gathered her composure as she stood up. ‘Thank you sir’ she uttered before the horseman rode off into the forest.
The following day arrived; as the William sisters gathered outside their former house now called Rose Manner, along with the remaining staff. The lady in charge, Mrs. Heather addressed them.
‘You are now aware that the owner of this establishment is arriving today and I ‘am sure you are all wondering what is expected of you. Well wonder no more because he had already arrived yesterday by horse back in the middle of the night.’
Catherine quickly thought to herself over the words Mrs. Heather had just uttered; ‘could he had been the one who saved me last night’ she mumbled to herself before returning to hear Mrs. Heather
‘So then you must be surely wondering why you are out here. The sir is expecting guests today and is our job to entertain them while they remain his guest, especially you ladies; I and the sir expect nothing less than your up most best in entertaining them. Now than, the chiefs are to follow me to the kitchen, gardeners attend to the gardens and the rest of you wait for the carriages with the sir’s guest.’ She said before beginning to walk into the house when she remembered ‘oh yes, the wing that overlooks the gardens is not to be entered without permission from me or Mr. Cavendish; is that understood’ she asks before receiving a yes from them all.
‘Entertain his guest; I will bet you a Kings gold that it means offering ourselves to them’ Miss. Martha said
‘Don’t jump to conclusions Martha. After the way Mr. Cavendish looked at you last night I believe he would not put you in such a situation’ Miss. Emma answered her
‘Mr. Cavendish would never look at me twice; he probably was wondering how much it would cost, to have me like all the other men we meet’
‘Do not believe that Martha; perhaps what Emma says is true and Mr. Cavendish finds you to his liking’ Miss. Catherine said
‘Like you found Mr. Willow to your liking’ she replied, causing a sad face on Miss. Catherine’s face.
‘Martha; see what you have done; you know how Catherine gets upset when reminded of Mr. Willow’
‘No Emma; Martha is right. I never gave Mr. Willow a chance and now, must face the truth on the matter’ Miss. Catherine said as more than ten carriages arrived 
One by one, the carriage doors are opened as many children come out with joyous expressions on their faces. They scream and jump with happiness in front of the staff who along with the sister have no idea what to do and are saved when Mrs. Heather came back out
‘What are you all doing out here? Quickly to the gardens for the party of a life time’ Mrs. Heather says, sending the children into frenzy as the run to the gardens.
The party in the gardens goes on for hours as Miss. Catherine and everyone else has fun while being watched by a shadowy figure behind the curtains of the window until Miss. Catherine raises her head at the window
‘I think we are being watched’ uttered Miss. Catherine to her sister Martha, pointing to the window
‘He is bound to watch sister, it is after all his party’ she replied before heading back into the house for a basket of apples for the kids
As Martha returned from the kitchen with the basket in hand she ran into Mr. Cavendish
‘Hello Miss. Martha’
‘Hello Mr. Cavendish’
‘You’re caring apples I see’
‘Yes I ‘am; would you like one’
‘Yes thank you very much’
‘I should return to the party Mr. Cavendish’
‘Miss. Martha before you go, may I ask a question of you’
‘Yes of course’
‘By any chance are you spoken for?’
‘I ‘am not’
‘May I have your permission to date you?’
Miss. Martha paused, as her experience with Mr. Richard made her think clearly on the matter. ‘I cannot give that permission Mr. Cavendish, but if you were intent on dating me than you may seek my father’s permission.’
‘Oh’
‘Good afternoon Mr. Cavendish’ Miss. Martha said as she walked off, thinking Mr. Cavendish’s answer was typical of a man seeking pleasure not marriage.
The day grounded to an end as the night slowly came. The kids were tired out from the excitement of the day.


Chapter 13
The children were put to sleep as the staff prepared to head on home. Miss. Emma and Martha said farewell to their sister as she headed to the forest to search for Mr. Willow’s body. Miss. Catherine walked past the gardens and up the hill to the forest to start her search. She walked for only minutes with the lamp in hand when the horseman appeared in front of her ridding his horse. Catherine approached closer with the intent of shining her lamp on him
‘Stop’ said the horseman in a deep voice
‘I ‘m sorry, I meant no offense. Why are you here?’
‘I own this forest and the town it boarders’
‘You’re the owner’
‘Yes’
‘Thank you for saving our lives’
‘I wasn’t saving your lives; I simply needed a place for my factories and your town seemed the perfect choice at the time’
‘In either case I owe you a debt and so does everyone else’
‘I care not for your debts but rather for explanations’
‘My explanations, sir?’
‘Yes; such as why you search my forest’
‘I ‘am looking for someone’
‘Who’
‘Someone who died and is buried here; somewhere’
‘You can no longer search for him’
‘Why?’
‘Because I have not given my permission for you to do so; now leave’ he instructed as he turned his horse around
‘No. I will not stop; do what you want but as long as l live I will never stop searching for him; I owe him that much if not more’ she cried
‘Very well than, you may carry on, but not tonight; a rainfall is about to start and you will probably get sick from it’
Catherine looked at the sky and saw the dark clouds forming and decided to take the horseman’s advice. ‘Thank you sir for everything you have done for me; especially last night. I ‘m without doubt in your debt’ she said before leaving.
Miss. Martha and Emma arrived home to find Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Andrew both siting and having a cup of tea with their father. They men stood up as soon as they saw the sisters enter.
‘My daughters; these men have come to my house to seek permission to marry you, but I cannot answer them for have no idea on the thoughts you may have regarding them’
The sisters paused as they were taken by surprise by the situation.
‘Why should we be married to either one of you’ Emma asked
‘Emma; you once asked of me, what I had to offer you. I have no title or money or fancy house to offer you, but what I can offer you is this. I will always without question love you and if you would allow me, I will spend the rest of my life making yours better because seeing you happy even for a moment in time itself; is all I could ever want from my life’ Mr. Andrew emotionally pleaded to Emma, who was touched by his words said ‘Yes Mr. Andrew I will be your wife’. They embraced each other before eyes turned to Mr. Cavendish
‘Miss. Martha; unlike Mr. Andrew I do not have the pleasure of knowing your family that well. You also do not know me that well, so we find ourselves here. I ‘am a widower with two small children in London; my wife died many years ago and since I have not been happy. My children are growing up without a mother as their father slowly dies of heart break; that is until I saw you last night. You are so beautiful Miss. Martha and if the display you should with those children is anything to go by, then you will be a wonderful mother to my children. When coming here I was contempt to ask nothing more than your father’s permission of courting you, but find myself determined to wed you; if you would do me the honour’ Mr. Cavendish declared
Miss. Martha was confused, should she accept the proposal of a man she doesn’t even know and sought her father’s opinion with a gaze at him. Mr. William nodded his head in approval as she quickly turned back to Mr. Cavendish, ‘I will Mr. Cavendish marry you’.
Joy filled the Williams house, as the celebrated their children’s engagements when Miss. Catherine walked in
‘Catherine I have wonderful news’ Mrs. William said, ‘your sisters are engaged to Mr. Cavendish and Mr. Andrew’
‘Oh that is wonderful news’ she replied 
‘And you Catherine, why have come so early then?’ asked Mr. William
‘I ran into Mr. Cavendish’s employer in the forest and he advised me home before the rain set upon me’
‘Mr. Cavendish, who is your employer if I may ask’ Mr. William asked
‘I ‘am sorry Mr. William, but he forbid me from ever mentioning his name to anyone’
‘Surely you can tell us’ Miss. Martha uttered
‘I ‘am sorry my love, but he made me swear on my children’s heads that I would never reveal his identity’
‘That is alright Mr. Cavendish, it matters not his name but his actions and they seem to say that he is a good man with a large family’ said Miss. Catherine
‘Why do say his family is large Miss. Catherine’ Mr. Cavendish asked
‘The children at the house; surely they part of his family in some manner’
‘No, they are orphan children he cares for’
‘What; orphan children’ Miss. Martha asked
‘Yes orphans’
‘What kind of man takes care of that many orphans’ Mrs. William puzzled 
‘It matters not Mrs. Williams, for my daughter are to wed’ Mr. William shouted as he restarted the celebrations
Two months had passed and the day of the weddings, for Miss. Catherine’s sisters were but a week away. Her brother David arrived home from London with amazing news
David burst the door of the Williams in the evening as they were having a cocktail to celebrate the upcoming weddings.
‘David’ said Miss. Catherine
As David looked at his family, along with Mr. Andrew and Mr. Cavendish who were both present; he asked of them ‘Please find yourself a seat, for the news I bring is most shocking’
‘Is something wrong with the baby’ Mrs. William asked fearing the worst
‘No mother, the baby is fine; just take a seat before I tell you the story’
They all found a seat and paid David the fullest of attentions they could offer him. David now started to tell his story. ‘As you know I went to London last month’
‘Yes, to find your former friends at the debtors’ jail’ Miss. Catherine said
‘Well; when I arrived there I found that the former cruel warden, Mr. Thomas had been replaced by his subordinate Mr. Kenneth, who I was friends with. Mr. Kenneth was surprised to see me when I arrived and said’
‘David, you son of the luckiest man alive what are you doing here?’
‘What am I doing here; what are doing here; isn’t Mr. Thomas supposed to be the one to open the front door every time if memory serves me correct’
‘True enough, but Mr. Thomas sadly past away a month back and now, I ‘am in charge’
‘Congratulations Mr. Kenneth, I hope no excitement has happened to you in your position so far’
‘You haven’t heard, have you?’
‘Heard what?’ Mr. David asked before Mr. Kenneth pointed with in his figure at a gentleman within the compound. ‘Mr. Mills’
‘Yes and the man next to him is Mr. Baldwin’
‘How’
‘Well it would seem they were tracked down by a certain gentleman. The gentleman in question is said to have paid certain people to kidnap them and had them brought here.
‘And who is the gentleman in question’
‘I have no idea, but might be the gentleman who paid for your release’
‘Wasn’t it Mr. Mills, who had me released?’
‘No sir it was not. I heard rumours that your release was organized by another gentleman and Mr. Mills paid Mr. Thomas to make it look as if he had done the deed’
‘Mr. Kenneth I do beg your pardon but’
‘Say no more Mr. David, I ‘am blind as a bat to what is about to occur’ Mr. Kenneth said as he moved out of David’s way.
David now filled with question and raged charged towards Mr. Mills with his fists ready to beat the truth from Mr. Mills if proven needed.
‘Mr. Mills’ David shouted before grabbing by his cloths and slamming him to the nearest wall. ‘I have many questions Mr. Mills and you are going to answer them or my fits will force the answer from you. Who was it that paid for my release, who!’
‘Mr. Willow’ he answered
‘What’ screams Miss. Catherine, stopping David’s story. Catherine hurries from her seat to get her coat and lamp; rushing for the door.
‘Where are you going?’ asks Mr. David
‘To search for Mr. Willow’s body even if it is the last I do in life’
‘Wait Catherine, let me finish’
‘I need to hear not anymore; I believed that my debt to Mr. Willow was that of an injustice I did him, but now I find I was in his debt long before.’ She said before breaking down in tears. Mrs. William goes to comfort her daughter who cries on the ground by the door.
‘David, finish your story’ Mr. William said
‘I had asked Mr. Mills how and why he did such a thing’
‘Mr. Oliver informed me of Mr. Willow’s plans to earn Miss. Catherine’s forgiveness for the argument he had with her, when he showed her his house. He had told Mr. Oliver to instruct his solicitor to arrange everything. I simply had someone from the bank in London bribe Mr. Thomas into holding on, the release paper until I had need of it. When the opportunity presented itself so perfectly with my plans to flee, I simply took it’
‘You bastard; you used my sister; you robed the town blind and you killed Mr. Willow’
‘What; killed Mr. Willow’
‘Yes, killed Mr. Willow; Mr. Oliver said it so’
‘Mr. Willow is alive’
‘What’
‘He is alive. Those fools I had hired to kill him never checked if he was dead when they threw him into the forest. He somehow he survived and left the town.’
‘How do you know this?’
‘It was Mr. Willow who tracked Mr. Baldwin and me down. He seems to have made a huge fortune, which earned him the Kings favour and he used it to have Lord Henry and Frances stripped of their titles, land and everything else, but not before convincing them that their lives would be worse if they did not tell him were we had fled. He came after us like the devil after a soul; we stood no chance against him’
‘Where is he?’
‘I don’t know. I swear.’
‘Ok Mr. Mills, I believe you’ Mr. David said before releasing his grip, ‘this is for my sister’ he said before hitting Mr. Mills across the face, knocking him to ground. ‘And you Mr. Baldwin, this is for my father’ he said before striking Mr. Baldwin to the ground. David ended his story to the amazement of everyone, but Mr. Cavendish.
‘Mr. Willow is alive’ asked Mrs. William, receiving a yes node from David
‘Where could he be’ Miss. Emma asked
‘Well, if it is true that he has a fortune to spend, then he could be anywhere in the world’ Miss. Martha uttered
‘No, he wouldn’t go anywhere, nor would he change’ Miss. Catherine said before bursting out of her mother’s arms and running off into the night; leaving the calls from her family which were silenced by Mr. Cavendish, who said ‘let her go’
‘What do you mean let her go’ Mr. David asked
‘She is going to Rose Manner’
‘Why is she going to Rose Manner?’ asked Miss. Martha
‘To see Mr. Willow; my employer’


Chapter 14
Catherine ran through the cold night all the way to Rose Manner. She walked in as silently as she could and headed up stairs to the wing, overlooking the gardens. She opened the door and headed in
‘Mrs. Heather is that you?’ asked a voice from the master bedroom
Catherine walked in to the bedroom and found a man standing over bed with his back turned towards her, she saw his back ripped apart from lashes he had been given. She walks over and softly stokes them.
‘Miss. Catherine’ Mr. Willow asked
‘Yes’ she answered as he turned around. ‘Mr. Willow’ she said with sadness and joy
‘Leave me along Miss. Catherine’
‘How can I. When I ‘am so in debated to you’
‘Your debts are forgiven, now leave’ he instructs as he walks to the dressing mirror to gather his robe’
‘My debts cannot be forgiven or forgotten; I must repay them’
‘You cannot’
‘Why can’t I. I know that it would take forever to even repay a day that you showed me kindnesses, but I will’
‘You cannot’
‘Why’
‘It’s because I cannot stand the sight of you!’
Miss. Catherine is torn apart by his words and finds herself, unable to think. She walks over to Mr. Willow, ‘I knew not what those documents contained, I had no idea please forgive me Mr. Willow’
‘How can I? Why should give you a chance that you never gave me. Answer me Miss. Catherine’
‘I know the torment I caused you, but I too was tormented. You cannot know the hell I went through’
‘Oh really Miss. Catherine’ he said as he walked about, shocked at how ridiculous her claim was. ‘You expect me to believe you went through hell; please tell me Miss. Catherine’
‘When I found out what Mr. Mills had done, I nearly died; I nearly died when I found out what trickery he played on me and I nearly died when I found out he tried to kill you’
Mr. Willow simply laughed at her cry. ‘You nearly died Miss. Catherine; I supposed that was the best you could do under the circumstances. You cared for me not; not as much as I did you’
‘Mr. Willow I admit I dared not give a chance, when you showed me your shed I thought to myself, you would not succeed in life. I saw you as my mother would have seen you and I apologise. I care for you Mr. Willow’ she said before Mr. Willow interrupted       
 ‘You nearly died Miss. Catherine!’ he pointed out, ‘When I woke up in the forest I dragged myself to your estate; blindly believing that Mr. Mills lied to me. Never; I thought to myself, that Miss. Catherine could ever do such a thing. My back screamed for a doctor but I pressed on, until I arrived at the top of the hill to your estate. I looked down to your gardens and saw you with Mr. Mills; tending to the hand he used to whip my back. It broke my heart, but when you kissed him; it killed me; and now I hear you slept with him, my soul is filled misery.’ He said as he sat on the bed
Catherine was disheartened; what could she do. The sight of her, he could not stand. ‘Is there not anything I could do?’
‘Just leave me along’
Catherine walks out the door and down the stairs. Walking slowly she remembers the joy she once had as a child with her sisters. She walks into the kitchen and picks up a knife. Catherine with the knife in hand walks through the moon shone gardens, up the hill. When she reached the top, Miss. Catherine knelt down and raised her head to the moon. 
With its glowing light shining down on her, she said ‘God, have mercy on Mr. Willow; please give him all the joy he deserves and forgive me for what I must do. I cannot allow myself, to be the source of Mr. Willows unhappiness’ Miss. Catherine raised the knife over her head with both hands and proceeded to thrust it down to her abdomen when from behind Mr. Willow stopped her.
‘What are you doing Miss. Catherine?’ Mr. Willow asked as he sat behind her
‘Please let me die at the place you lost all hope in me’ she cried
‘I cannot’
‘Please; I fear I will not survive the torment of being the one reason, you are unhappy Mr. Willow. I beg you let me die’
‘I cannot!’
‘Why’
Mr. Willow grabbed and threw the knife away before with tears in his eyes he told her, ‘when I was a little boy, my mother attended a party. While my mother talked with the other ladies I was struggling to talk to anyone; the boys at the party teased me as the girls called me odd. I found myself at the edge of the party all alone, when a beautiful little girl came up to me. She sat next to me and kept me company. When the others called her back, she declined saying’
‘Never in my life would I leave his side, because he is worth a hundred friends’ Miss. Catherine interrupted, turning around
‘My heart from that moment was yours; always has; always will’
‘I will fix it; I will fix it’ Miss. Catherine pleaded, ‘look at me Mr. Willow; never again will I you harm’ she promised
‘You need not pretend Miss. Catherine nor pity me. I do not need your love anymore’
‘You once came to ask for my courtship; it is now I who asks for it. I need your love Mr. Willow’ 
The day of the wedding came; as the bridegrooms’ waited for their brides, Miss. Catherine could not be seen among them, as the bride maid. She was not her sister’s bride maid because she too was a bride to Mr. Willow.
When Miss. Catherine’s turn to say her vows came, she had written her own words to say. ‘I swear to honour, respect and love my husband. I will mend the broken; brighten the, darken and stay true to the man I love; until death.’
 With that; Miss. Emma married not a rich man but a loving man, Miss. Martha found her handsome man and Miss. Catherine? She married the man she choose a long time ago 
XXX
