



MOONLIGHT EYES

By
Russ Kaylin


SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Russ Kaylin on Smashwords

Moonlight Eyes
Copyright © 2012 by Linda Russell

Wolf face image by: Andreas (Fullmetal-Fox) of Greyfoxstudios

This book is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author's imagination and used fictitiously.

Adult Reading Material

My heartfelt thanks to family and friends who supported me and gave me courageand confidence. Special recognition to my son who remains positive and encourages me to continue. 



Chapter 1

You couldn't blame me for being scared. I was always a city kind of girl. Well, at least not a country girl. There were critters out there that I just didn't care to be near. I could hear them though. When I would stay overnight with my parents I would stand out on the porch at night to have a cigarette. I know, I know. Smoking is really bad for you. Can't seem to break the habit though. Anyway, they live in a doublewide trailer, or as mom calls it, a "modular home." Either way you look at it, it's still a house on wheels. So I'm standing out on the porch enjoying my last smoke of the day. There are crickets screeching in the grass. And did you know that birds don't sleep? Well, they don't. They tweet and chirp throughout the night. All hours of the day. Every now and then you might hear an owl in the distance somewhere. Frogs croaking near the lake. And bugs crawl around all of the time. All kinds of bugs. Weird looking things too. I hear something in the grass. It's dark so I can't really see anything. Only moonlight. No streetlights out there. I strain my eyes for what seemed like hours, truly only a minute or two. This dark little figure is coming towards the porch. I kid you not. Something was actually moving across the yard coming at me. That was the shortest cigarette I ever had. I tried not to let the screen door slam when I rushed inside but oh well. They would get over it. You couldn't wake them anyway. They both had a contest each night to see who could snore the loudest. Isn't that how it is in every old person's home? I seem to remember my grandparents being the same way. Maybe that would explain why they sleep in separate bedrooms.
It wouldn't have been so creepy except that the little eyes glowed orange in the night. For real! They actually glow in the light. Just like when your car headlights shine on them. I still don't know what it was and have no desire to find out. I wish they would screen that porch in. I suppose that if something really intended on attacking me, a wire mesh wouldn't stand in its way.
I didn't actually grow up in that house. They moved out to the lake once all the kids were grown and gone. I think I would have liked it better had they stayed in the neighborhood in town. It wasn't quite so secluded and the only moving things at night were cars and lightning bugs. The yards were mostly fenced so there wasn't even the occasional dog to give you a scare.
I never led a very interesting life. I made it through high school with good grades. At one time, I had aspired to become an architect or a veterinarian. So much for either one of those. Not only did my parents not have money to send me to college, but back then, I had no knowledge of financial aid or student loans. Could have took an entirely different route had that not been the case. So instead, I settled for a little waitress job, that led to a commercial sewing position, back to waitressing and then, I met my husband. Or should I say x-husband. I was young, in love, and stupid. I married him after a mere five months of dating. I had no idea what I was getting myself into. An alcoholic at twenty-seven that still depended on his parents and if he ever did work, it was for cash only. Needless to say, I'm no longer with him. I finally found some smarts somewhere along the way. I managed to last two years though before I came to my senses. Luckily, there were no babies made between us.
Now I'm a little older, a little wiser and trying to find myself. I have so many interests and dreams and have no idea how to achieve any of them. Middle class parents can't give much guidance on things they don't know about. Unless you're born into money, it's up to you to figure out how to make some. Much of my time spent on the porch is filled with daydreams of just that; how to get the things I want out of life. Standing there with a cigarette in my mouth isn't a very good start. I would quit but never really tried. Enjoy it too much. An occasional beer is nice too or rum and coke; whatever the circumstance calls for. You can't grow up in a small town without having a drink.
I drive a common enough car even though it's not very new. A 2001 Honda Accord. Two doors with a sunroof. Light blue paint with gray fake leather interior. Classic. I never took the time to install a good stereo. My love of loud music is bringing me closer to a purchase though. Somehow, you just can't get the true feel of a song's bass through factory speakers. It'll work for the time being.
I live in a one bedroom house on the other side of town. It's a small area but takes almost an hour to drive from one side of the county to the other. That's why I end up spending the night when I visit them. I enjoy living by myself. I like the quiet. I like not having to answer to anyone. Not having to account for my time. And when I leave to go somewhere, I don't have to report to anyone as to where I'm going and how long I'll be gone. And I can eat cookies for dinner if I choose. If the dishes pile up in the sink, who cares? I'm the only one there to see them. It's great. And best of all, I never, ever have to make my bed! I love my mom but damn that drove me nuts about her.
What am I doing for a living now? Nothing much. Just after the divorce and still living in Mississippi, I was involved in a car accident. I didn't get hurt but it banged up my car pretty bad. And you'll never guess what happened. I was driving through downtown Jackson when a car ran a red light and smashed into the passenger side. I spun around a couple of times and landed in the oncoming lane. It was pretty late at night so there wasn't much traffic. Luckily, no one else was involved. To make a long story short, the doctor driving under the influence didn't want the accident brought to anyone's attention so he made a pretty offer that I couldn't refuse. It wasn't enough to make me rich or anything but it did get me home and will take care of me til I figure out what to do with myself.
I don't have many of the fun electronics on the market these days. Can't really afford it right now. I do have a flip-top cell phone and a small computer that goes everywhere with me. I spend a lot of time reading. I tried the e-books when I got the computer but somehow it's just not the same as the feel of holding a book and turning the pages. Some things you just can't give up for progression. I also like to write. I would like to publish one day but that's just a dream. Maybe then I could afford the two million dollar home on the beachfront like I see in movies. That would be the life. No worries. Just the scent of the salt water and the ocean breeze on my face. An occasional hurricane could be endurable. Beats the hell out of the tornadoes that come out of nowhere and wreck this place. At least with a hurricane you know days ahead of time when they are coming.
I have several friends. I used to spend a lot of time hanging out with them. They all say I've abandoned them now. Guess I have. But you gotta create priorities sometime in your life. Right now, getting out of this place is at the top of my list. I'm so sick of small town living. There's a whole world of excitement out there and I'm ready for my share.
Mom had made dinner for us. Pork chops that were a little too done on one side and fried potatoes that had more grease soaked into them than a burger from the truckstop. Her cooking has gone downhill over the years. For dessert, we had homemade vanilla ice cream with chunks of fresh peaches in it. I love summer. Frozen milk during the winter just isn't the same. Both of them had gone to bed earlier. They don't last much longer than eight o'clock. My dad gets up around five in the mornings and then takes a nap in his recliner before noon. I still haven't figured that one out. My mom spends her day in the other room, watching soap operas and working on word search puzzles. But at night, it's just me and the cat. Hobo. He's pretty cool. We named him that because he came from a litter of strays. We found him on the front stoop one morning. Tiniest little kitten I'd ever seen. The mother cat had died or abandoned him so he had no place to live. Hence the name Hobo. He's been with us for a long time now. I'm not sure how many years a cat lives but he seems to be hanging in there pretty well. Fattest cat I've ever seen too. I bet he weighs twenty-five pounds. No lie. He's huge.
I sat on the couch and watched the rolling TV guide channel for a while til I couldn't take it anymore. I had to have another smoke. At least that's what my mind was telling me. I'm sure I would have made it just fine without it but what the hell.
On the backside of the house, through a sliding glass door, was a wooden deck. There really is no purpose for it. There's no pool or anything else below on the ground. Just a yard with a couple of pine trees and a clothesline. Over to the left is a manmade fishpond. They used to keep vermin size gold fish in it. I don't know where they went but it's empty now. Just some stagnant water and grime. It was pretty at one time.
I sat on the plastic chair and lit the end of my cigarette. It glowed bright orange in the night. Things were pretty quiet now. Not even a breeze. Summer is a bit warm and humid in the south. Alabama, to be exact. Yep, southern girl born and bred. I would find my accent embarrassing if everyone here didn't sound just like me. I suppose to others it makes us sound ignorant but that isn't the case. It's just an accent. Though I can say I do know some pretty ignorant people.
There's a two-rail wooden fence on the far side of the yard. It's not meant to keep anything out. Just separate this yard from the neighbor's yard. The stars were out and the moon was shining bright. I could see clearly except for the spot where the pine trees are. It was late and I was getting tired. After this one, it was bedtime for me. I took a drink of iced tea and set it down on the matching table. From my peripheral vision, I caught a glimpse of something. Not a sudden movement or a noticeable movement. Just something out of the corner of my eye. But you know when you look, there's nothing there. I tried to focus on the dark but that's all I saw. Dark. Then I tried to look straight ahead, hoping that maybe I could see it from the side again. Nothing. Since I was paranoid anyway, that ended my smoke. Time to go in. No critter is going to get me if I have anything to do with it.
Hobo waited patiently inside the sliding door. I turned off the television and lamp and proceeded toward the room I sleep in. There are night-lights plugged in all over the house. Guess I don't have to worry about stubbing a toe. I used the restroom for the last time and tucked myself into bed. The air conditioner is always set too high for my comfort. Good thing there are plenty of blankets kept in the closet. Hobo curled up at my feet, on top of the covers of course, and I closed my eyes. This is the part where you hear every little sound because you're in a strange house. It is my parent's house but the noises are still strange to me. I could hear a clock ticking somewhere. I didn't think anyone even had that kind anymore. I made a mental note to replace that the next time I was over. Both of their bedroom doors were closed but I could still hear the continual snore coming from each. I always wish I could fall to sleep before they do but it never happens.
Even though I had felt tired, sleep didn't seem to want to arrive. I lay there for a while, staring at nothing. My eyes had adjusted to the dark by now. Hobo had departed once he felt I was secure. I haven't figured out where he sleeps. The air conditioner unit kicked on and the curtains fluttered as air blew from the vent. In between two of the panels I could see the windowpane. Outside was dark. It looked like black glass even though I know it isn't. For some reason, I focused on that spot. My mind would have wandered into a daydream any other time but not this night. At just that moment, a tiny amber eye popped into view. One like that of an animal. But it was only for a second and then it was gone. You think I was going to get up and look out the window? Hell no! It scared the crap out of me. Being that there are all sorts of animals out there it could have been anything. But this anything had to be tall cuz there was nothing below the window that it could be standing or sitting on. Could have been a deer but why in the world would it be peeking in my window?
My heart felt as though it would beat through my chest. I could hear it in my ears. I could feel it pounding. My breathing became rapid. I suddenly felt very hot under the covers but had no intention of removing them from around my neck. I curled up into a ball and held on to my pillow for life. My eyes stayed trained on that part of the window until the air shut off. Then the curtains stilled and I couldn't see it anymore. Didn't matter though because I knew that whatever was looking at me was still out there. And why was it looking at me? Of all the houses and windows out there, why this one? Maybe it was a peeping tom animal. That would explain it. A perverted peeping animal. Ya, right. Okay, this would be the last time I would be spending the night out here for a while.
Apparently, I was able to fall to sleep because I awoke with the covers wrapped tightly around my body with just enough room for my face to poke from the top. The room was already bright with sunlight. I could hear mom's daily soap opera blaring so I knew I had slept in pretty late. Hobo was once again curled next to my feet. Where was he when I needed protection?
I stepped into my flip-flops and made my morning visit to the bathroom. I brushed my teeth and threw my hair into a ponytail. Basketball shorts and a t-shirt would be the attire for the day. That was the limit of my summer wardrobe. Unless I was going out somewhere decent. Then a tight pair of blue jeans and a low cut top would do. I grabbed a biscuit and smothered it with grape jelly and washed it down with a cold glass of milk. Now it was time for that first smoke of the day.
I went out on the front porch during the day, rather than the back. Don't know why it mattered. I guess I preferred it because there I could see when someone drove in or out of the dirt drive. The bedroom window where I slept was on that side too. Curiosity got the better of me. It was daylight. No worry about anything getting me right now. So I walked down the couple of stairs that led to the yard and went to take a look. There were a couple of small bushes below the window. The kind you plant yourself and hope they keep growing. These did and they were neatly trimmed.
As I neared, I noticed a smudge on the window. Not really dirty, just a smudge. I looked toward the ground below the shrubs. There was no grass, only sod. The small area was undisturbed except for one spot. It almost looked like a footprint but not. And very large. I continued on along the length of the house but that was the only one I saw. Nothing suspicious.
"I gotta get going, mom. Need to get home and clean up a bit."
I gave her the usual hug and kissed my dad on the cheek before I left. The Honda was already sweltering inside so I had to let it idle for a few minutes until the air conditioner cooled. Somehow I got lucky with this car. The steering wheel never gets too hot to handle. The tiny dash light came on, reminding me that I needed gas. I hated buying gas out here because it cost so much more than necessary. I didn't like risking the drive into town though. That would be really frustrating if I ran out before I made it to the pump.
I pulled into the small country store on the corner. It had two of those old fashioned pumps. The ones where the numbers roll as you squeeze the handle. It made a clicking sound every time it passed a gallon. I wonder how long it will take the south to catch up to the rest of the world. I only pumped five dollars worth and went in to pay. I could get more once I got closer to home where it was cheaper. I'm a huge penny pincher.
Inside, there was a woman behind the counter wearing a pair of Wrangler jeans that, for the life of me, I couldn't figure out how she got them zipped. Her hair was bleached blonde and piled up on top of her head. She wore little makeup but had bright pink lipstick. Even though country folk look a little strange sometimes, they sure are the friendliest people you will ever meet. She greeted me with a big smile.
"Good morning, sugar! How's mom and dad doin?"
Everybody knows everybody out here.
"They're doin fine. How's Crystal?"
Crystal was a friend of mine from high school. We weren't real close but I knew her. We had spent one summer together at the lake, swooning over the cute boys. That was about as far as our friendship went. Once school started back, I returned to my regular group of friends and she returned to hers. We belonged to separate clicks. You know how it goes. It just wouldn't do to be caught mingling with someone of a lesser group. The rest of the school year would be a complete disaster!
"She's good. The baby will be here anytime now. I'm so excited. My first grandchild!"
I can't believe how everyone's life moves on once graduation passes. Crystal was never the kind of girl to sleep around. Matter of fact, I never knew her to even have a boyfriend. I was glad that she had found a good husband and was happy. I should try to make a visit sometime soon. It was nice of me to consider but I knew that would never happen.
"Tell her hey for me."
Nobody ever really tells the person hello when you say so. It's just something to use in conversation. I'm pretty sure I don't remember anyone ever telling me that so-and-so said hey when they saw me.
The summer heat hit me as soon as I opened the door. I felt a sweat bead trickle down my neck and disappear somewhere underneath the t-shirt. As I was getting back into my car, I noticed a man looking in my direction. He appeared to be near my age. Give or take a couple of years. He was leaning against a parked car with his arms folded across his chest. And a nice chest it was, I might add. I could tell because he was wearing one of those tank tops that I am so thankful for when man-watching. And to match the glorious physique were two muscular arms of golden brown skin. His hair was long, black and pulled into a tight ponytail. He never smiled, waved, or anything. Just let his eyes follow me to my car. I'm a bit shy when it comes to men so I averted my eyes as best I could. I would have died of embarrassment had he known I was looking. I had never seen him before. Wasn't local that's for sure. Maybe he was here visiting or fishing or something. Either way, I would have very much liked to find out more. It would not happen on this day though. There is no way I could have brought myself to speak to him. No way.
I had to make a sort of u-turn to get back on the road I was taking. Once turned around, I took a quick look to see if he was still watching. But he wasn't. Matter of fact, he wasn't even standing there anymore. In that short period of time, he had gone. The car was still there but I didn't see him. What a way to start my day.
I went through the McDonald's drive-thru on my way home. Then stopped by an ATM to grab some  quick cash. You never know when you might need some money. I always try to keep a few dollars on me even though you can swipe a debit card almost everywhere now. I do buy groceries and have plenty to eat at home but some days I have to satisfy the Big Mac craving. And I love their fries!
I checked my mail before going into the house. To my surprise I had a small package. The mailbox is pretty small so getting a package is rare. Generally I have to pick it up at the post office. Once inside, I sat down with my burger and proceeded to open it up. Good old Barnes and Noble. It's like Christmas. I love ordering books off the internet. When they arrive it feels like when you buy a new pair of sneakers. And even better when you try them on. The pages are stiff and the cover is smooth. No wrinkles in the spine yet. One day, my name will be in the author's spot.
I had been reading classics until everyone got on this vampire kick. I had to see what all the fuss was about and got hooked. The three that arrived today were a continuation of a series I had been reading. Fantasy fiction is the best. And I truly enjoy this paranormal stuff. Some of these writers have a very vivid imagination. I don't know where they come up with it. Makes you feel like it's real and you're a part of the story. Sometimes, it seems like I'm watching a movie and can't read fast enough to find out what happens next. That's some talented writing.
I jumped in the shower and put on some fresh clothes. The dirty dishes in the sink needed washing but that new book was calling my name. I put my cell phone on its charger and sprawled out on the couch. It's a really comfy couch. I sleep on it often when I'm too tired or too lazy to make it to the bedroom. The ceiling fan rotated slowly above my head as I read. A few pages in, I realized the night had taken its toll on me. My eyelids were getting heavier with each sentence. Guess I get it from my dad. A mid-afternoon nap didn't sound too bad right about now. It was Saturday and I had no pending plans for the evening. Snoozeland, here I come.
Chapter 2

He sat in the chair across the room, one leg folded across the other. His elbows were on either arm of the chair, fingertips touching in steeple form. He looked intently at me, not moving, not speaking. I couldn't read the look on his face. Just like before, he simply watched me. I wanted to rush to him, wrap my body around him, and press my lips to his in passion. But I didn't. I don't know why but I couldn't move. Something invisible bound me to the sofa. I lay there unmoving; waiting for him to say something,  do something. Anything. His eyes were dark as night. They bore into me, making my body shudder with anticipation. Though he was nowhere near, I felt as though his hands were caressing every inch of me. Touching intimate places. Touching my soul.

When the cell phone rang, I jumped, realizing immediately that it had been a dream. There was no one sitting in my chair. My book lay open across my stomach. I inserted the bookmark and laid it on the end table. I have a huge pet peeve about marking the page with a dog-ear. Before I could reach the phone, it stopped ringing and a tone alerted me that a message had been left. The screen showed a friend's name, Thomas. He was a beer-drinking buddy that I used to pal around with pretty often. I missed him. He always had a way of making me laugh no matter what kind of mood I might have been in. I listened to the message. There was a party at the lake tonight. One of the guys was leaving for the Army on Monday. It's a given that you must get drunk with your friends before basic training. I deserved a little fun anyway.
I text him back to let him know I would be there. Texting is great. You don't have to actually hold a conversation to get your point across. Just say what you gotta say and then press send. Simple. Sounds impersonal but it's not. Modern technology. Gotta love it! The dream had me shook. This guy was truly beautiful. I had never in my life seen a man so handsome, much less dream about one. This was better  than the usual movie star fantasy. He was real.
I chose an outfit that accented my young curves and decided to leave my hair down. I spent time carefully applying makeup, just enough to appear pretty. A quick sprits of perfume and I was ready to go. Another glance at the dirty dishes made me pause.
"Nah, they can wait."
I grabbed my purse and keys and left. I didn't look forward to the walk back across the stone walkway once inebriated. Maybe I shouldn't drink too much. After all, I still had to drive back home. Guess you never learn your lesson about drinking and driving until something terrible happens. Hopefully, this wouldn't be my night for terrible.
I exited off County Road 12, onto a dirt road that leads between a grove of pine trees. You wouldn't actually see the road at night if you didn't already know it was there. This had been our usual hangout since high school. Cops never came out here. Once you get to the end, there is a large clearing in front of the lake with enough space for all the cars and a bonfire if needed. Being summer, a fire would not be required. Just a few fold out lawn chairs and several coolers of beer. Someone always had a car stereo that was loud enough for everyone to hear but not too loud that it interfered with conversation. I was thankful that it hadn't rained or else I wasn't completely sure that my car would make it all the way. The little road had washed out several times, creating small gullies and baring tree roots. It was a bumpy ride but I soon reached my destination.
It doesn't take long for a bunch of country boys to get going. By the time I had arrived, they were already well on their way to happy town. At least, so far, everyone was laughing and having a good time. I hate it when someone has one too many and decides he can beat up the world. Fights are never fun to watch. Especially when it's my friends. But it happens. More often than not. And the next day no one seems to remember how it started or why and all is forgiven. Too bad girls aren't more like that. We hold a grudge for years.
I popped the hatch and someone gave me a hand with the cooler. Iced Bud Light in a bottle. My beer of choice. Less filling and tastes great! I do remember a time when I thought it was nasty. It's an acquired taste. Like coffee.
Thomas was the first to greet me with a hug. I love my friends and was happy to see them all. A few gave me the lecture for disappearing and then let it go. Conversations with what we had all been up to and then the remember-when's began. That's always the best. I laughed so hard I cried tears. Good thing I was wearing waterproof mascara. I could have ended up looking like a raccoon. Great, now I was thinking about critters! At least I had a bunch of big strong men to protect me this time. Too bad they would be too drunk to do anything.
I don't generally hang out with girls. We are too competitive. But luckily there were a few girls here and there giving attention to the guys. Otherwise, I would become the object of affection before the night was over. No matter how many times you tell a guy friend no, they always seem to think that if they keep trying you will someday give in. And every time they drink, this just might be the lucky night for them. Go figure.
The group was larger than usual. Some newcomers had been added. I had noticed, across the way, a special friend. One that once had been more than just a buddy. We were never a couple or anything but we had spent a few nights crossing the line. There's a difference when you think you're in love. Sex is all mushy and lovey-dovey. You actually spend time making the other person feel good. But with this guy, Chris, it was out of the ordinary. Raw, heated passion. No commitments. No kiss goodnight. No obligation to call the next day. It was great.
His eyes met mine while engaged in some macho chitchat with someone and his mouth curled at one edge in a cute little smile like he always did. I'm not sure if it was the alcohol or the memories but I think I felt a little twitch in a place where no one else could see. I gave him that embarrassed, flirty look in return. It worked like a charm. He was walking towards me.
"It's been a while, Jen." That's me. Jenson Bennett.
"Ya, it has."
He took me by the hand to lead me away from the crowd. Thomas tried to play the jealous boyfriend.
"Hey man, I was working here."
Chris merely laughed it off and continued to draw me away. His hand felt warm in mine. And he smelled so good! Guys have a way of picking just the right colognes so that every time you smell it in passing, it makes you think of him.
He stopped moving once we were out of their line of sight, hidden behind a few trees. He turned to face me, hands instantly moving around my waste to the small of my back. When I didn't protest he continued on, coming to a halt when he reached the curves of my backside, pulling me close so that I could feel his arousal. When he bent forward to kiss me, I absent-mindedly dropped the beer bottle I was holding and returned the favor. His lips touched mine and heat rushed into my body, burning from the inside out. It had been a long time and my needs welcomed his embrace. He's probably the only man I know that could do what he just did and not receive any backlash for it.
In the middle of a seriously wet kiss, I heard leaves rustling. I broke from his hold, thinking that someone was walking up on us. Not that I cared, mind you. I just didn't particularly enjoy performing for an audience. But there was no one.
"What's wrong?"
"Nothing. I just thought I heard something."
As he bent to continue where I had interrupted, a low growl came from within the trees around us. Sort of like a dog's growl. We both halted this time. Peering through the trees we could see nothing. Being out in the woods had its advantages of privacy but apparently something was about to join us.
"You heard it too, right?" I asked, hoping I wasn't crazy.
"Ya, I heard it. Let's get back to the others."
I was thankful that he didn't find it necessary to protect me and go into the trees searching for the invader. That's what they always do in the movies, follow the sound into the woods and get themselves killed. A wild animal is nothing to mess with when you are in its territory. I had no idea what was out there and did not intend on finding out.
The party was in full swing by now. Couples had paired off, a group of guys on one side were laughing, another group was arguing over this year's lineup. The south is really into football. High school, college or pro. It doesn't matter. And they are die-hard fans. Argue til the death when necessary! It didn't make a difference to me one way or the other. I'm an NBA fan myself. Maybe when I become rich and famous I'll buy out a team. Houston would be nice.
Just then, off in the distance, we all heard a girl's scream. A few of the guys shot into the woods, no questions asked. I love heroics. As for me, I'm somewhat of a coward. Plus, it was dark. The boogey man lives in the dark, right? Ya, I'd wait this one out. So I sat down on somebody's tailgate and stared into the area where they had run. Everyone else remained still. No talking. No sounds other than the quiet whoosh of the lake water against the shore. Minutes seemed like an eternity.
Suddenly, a girl came running from within the woods. She looked terrified. Her eyes were wide and she had tears streaming down her cheeks. She was out of breath when she reached us. She landed into the arms of the first person available, collapsing instantaneously. Between sobs, she tried to tell us what had happened.
"It was...so...big...It...grabbed...him...and...and"
I was standing now. The guys came back into view, carrying a body between the four of them. He was obviously unconscious. They laid him in the bed of the truck where I had been sitting. His clothes were torn and he had bleeding scratches on his face and arms.
"We gotta get him to the hospital." Thomas was good at taking charge during a serious situation.
Nobody argued. The truck belonged to Chris. He jumped into the driver's seat and started the engine. Thomas climbed into the back with the injured guy, along with a couple of others that found it necessary to go along. Dust filled the air when he hit the gas pedal. I had hoped there would not be a fight tonight but I think at this point it would have been more welcomed.
I didn't know what to do. I felt a need to comfort the girl but there were already so many people crowded around her. She was still sobbing and they were not very successful at getting anything out of her. No need in hanging around here. I would prefer to find out more about the young man's condition. Maybe it would be best to go on home and wait til I heard from Thomas. I text him just in case to make sure he would fill me in later.
The ride home seemed to take forever. It was dark, no streetlights to lead the way, and I couldn't pick up any radio station out here. Eventually, I made it to civilization and felt a little better. It was late and there were not many cars on the roads. An occasional above-the-influence driver would pass by moving at a ridiculously slow speed. If that didn't attract a police officer's attention, nothing would. Sometimes I wonder what people are thinking. Out of nowhere, I felt a need for food and pulled into the only drive-thru window still open. Dairy Delite. A chicken strip basket should do the trick. I was sure it would take an ungodly amount of time to prepare my order. Nothing precooked at this hour.
Seeing the driveway into my yard gave me a sense of relief. I could not wait to get inside the security of my little home. I was still a bit shocked by the night's events. Not only did the unexplained accident occur, but also I was still feeling the effect of that heated encounter with Chris. I had expected to bring him home with me but I guess that wouldn't happen now. Oh well, I suppose I could snuggle beneath a blanket on the couch and find a 'not suitable for children' movie on TV. The cooler of beer would have to stay in the car until tomorrow. I was in no mood to lug it in tonight.
I found one of those horror flicks on HBO. You know the kind. The one where a couple goes into a dark, desolate spot to make out, and when the music starts playing, someone dies. They're all the same. I don't get much of a thrill from that stuff. I find it to be a bit silly. Show me a movie that has to do with ghosts, the devil, or Christ and I'm hugging my pillow for life!
My eyes were trained on the screen but my thoughts drifted to a different place. The kiss had created a longing within, only this time it was with someone else. The stranger. I could not remove the image of his beautiful face. I craved the taste of his lips, the scent of his body. I had no idea who this new arrival was but there was something oddly familiar about him. A sensation that was foreign to me. One that I couldn't shake. And didn't want to.  
I had drifted into a deep sleep on the most comfortable couch in the world. The ringing of my cell phone awakened me. It was Thomas.
"How's he doing? Did you find out what happened?"
He exhaled completely before speaking.
"He's messed up pretty bad. Got two broken ribs and a fractured arm. I don't know what happened. I think he's hallucinating. He keeps talking about a giant wolf that attacked him. We don't even have wolves in this area."
I thought about it for a second. I had no idea what kind of animals there were in these woods. Growing up, the only things I came in contact with were raccoons, possum and deer. Of course there are squirrels and chipmunks but I don't think they could cause that much damage. The rest was foreign to me. 
"Maybe there was some kind of zoo escape that we haven't heard about."
I made it sound more like a question than a statement. Kind of reaching for an explanation.
"I don't know. The cops want a statement from everyone that was there. Can you go down tomorrow and tell em what you saw?"
"Sure. No problem. You going home now?"
"Ya. I think I've had enough excitement for one night. I'll call you later."
There's no click when someone hangs up a cell phone. Just dead air. I had to look at the screen to make sure he had disconnected.
I was awake now. I couldn't imagine what could have happened to cause that much damage. A few scratches maybe, but not broken bones. This was incredible. Nothing like this happened in my little town. An occasional domestic dispute was about it. The cops would have a heyday with this one. I wonder if they even know how to handle something of this nature. Guess I would find out tomorrow when I go down to the station to give my statement. This was going to be interesting.
Chapter 3

They had tried to keep us separate to prevent corroboration. About twenty-five people showed up so that became impossible. The facility wasn't built for this kind of thing. Apparently they did not believe that an animal could have done it. Maybe they thought someone at the party had beaten him up or something. I didn't care what they thought. Unless a female half his size did it, they would have to come up with something else.
I ended up waiting almost two hours before someone finally called my name. He was a short, balding man wearing brown slacks and a white shirt tucked around a keg-sized belly. The typical detective investigator type. I wouldn't have been surprised if he had pulled out a cigar and chewed on the end while asking me questions.
I sat across from him behind a plain wooden table. Even the chairs were wooden. No padding. Hopefully this would not take long. I don't have enough stuffing back there to sit comfortably for any length of time. Also, there was a new law prohibiting smoking in any public building now. That made dining out a chore. But here, it was just painful.
"Thanks for coming down, Miss Bennett. I just need for you to tell me what you saw last night."
For a second I wondered if he was referring to the stars I saw when Chris was kissing me. Probably not.
"I didn't really see anything. We were all just hanging out when we heard a scream from the woods. A woman's scream. A few of the guys took off into the trees and we kinda just sat there waiting. Eventually they came back carrying the hurt guy. I didn't know him. I didn't know several of the people there. Two of my friends took him to the hospital and I went home."
It was short and to the point. But it was the truth.
"So, prior to the incident, you didn't see anyone arguing?"
"Just the normal football conversation. Nobody ever got mad or anything. Just a sports debate. You know how it goes."
He leaned back in his chair and studied my face. I could tell he didn't do this often. Not very intimidating. If he was trying to get something out of me, that look surely wasn't going to do the trick. The silence lingered before he finally broke.
"That seems to be what everyone is saying. You know if you are protecting one of your friends, that's obstruction."
"Trust me, there is no one to protect."
He cleared his throat and stood.
"Okay, Miss Bennett. You're free to go. Thank you for your cooperation."
Wow. Two hours and that was all they wanted? How boring. I was expecting some long interview process where they refused you food and sleep while offering you protection for giving up a name. Guess that only happens in the movies. Oh ya, and there was no murder either. I wondered what Thomas had seen when he found the guy. I would have to call him on my way home. I didn't see Chris there either. They must have taken their statements last night at the hospital.
Now I had the rest of a Sunday afternoon to figure out what to do with myself. I drove my Honda through a carwash, and then stopped by my regular tanning salon to fake-bake for twenty minutes. I know it's summer but I don't like tan lines. Besides, it's a relaxing feeling to lay there in the heat with the music blaring from some hidden speaker. I learned from the first time to set the station before starting the bed. Listening to country music for twenty minutes made the experience a miserable one. I couldn't wait for the time to run out. One more pit stop at the grocery store and I would be ready to return home. I was feeling like steak. They're only good when you buy fresh meat.
One thing that this town has plenty of is churches and gas stations. You can find either, or both, on any street corner. Sunday service had let out and everyone was out having their family dinner in one restaurant or another. No one cooks at home anymore. I remember when I was a little girl; we would all go to my grandma's house for fried chicken. I loved those times. She's been dead since I was fourteen. Nothing tragic, just old age. My grandpa is gone too. He lasted a few more years after but then let go. I'm sure he's at peace now with her. I miss them both dearly.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I left the store. I was walking across the hot asphalt toward my car when I saw him. The stranger. He was leaning against the same car as before, standing the same way, arms folded across his chest. Looking just as gorgeous as he had the day before. I wanted to be embarrassed but I could not let it happen this time. I gathered my nerve and veered in his direction.
"Are you following me?"
"No."
"Are you waiting for someone?"
"Yes."
Wow, a man of many words. I kind of just stood there waiting for him to say something else, searching for words of my own.
"Who are you waiting for?"
"You."
I hoped that the astonishment did not show on my face. I realized that my mouth was open but I wasn't saying anything.
"You don't even know me. How did you know I was here? And why would you be waiting for me?"
It was a lot of questions but I needed answers. This man was in my every thought and I didn't know why.
He stopped leaning against the car and placed both hands in his pants pockets. His hair was pulled back into a ponytail again. In the dream, his eyes were dark as night. Today, his eyes were a pale blue that bore into my soul. I took a step back, intimidated by his movement. He didn't seem hostile. I wasn't afraid of him. Just a reaction I suppose.
"My name is William. Must be a small town. I keep seeing you around. This time I decided to introduce myself. I hope I haven't frightened you."
He was definitely not from around here. His accent was unfamiliar. I couldn't quite place it. Then again, I haven't visited too many other areas either.
"Jenson."
I suppose now I can't call him the stranger anymore. I extended my arm to shake his hand, clutching the grocery bag with the other. He took my hand in his and placed the most tender of kisses on the back side. I was butter. Would have melted if it were ten degrees outside. This man knew what he was doing.
"Nice to make your acquaintance. If I may be so bold, I would very much like to share an evening in your company. Dinner maybe?"
My first thought was to run. I didn't know this man. He could be some serial killer or rapist from New York for all I knew. But the beating in my chest overruled.
"Sure. I could meet you somewhere."
He smiled a curious sort of smile.
"Usually, a gentleman would greet you at the door before an outing but I can understand your caution."
We arranged to meet at Logan's Roadhouse. That's a steakhouse about twenty miles north of here. I figure he couldn't kill me in a public place. I opted for eight o'clock. That would give me time to prepare myself and arrive thirty minutes early. This way, I wouldn't be caught out in the parking lot alone with him either.
After a shower, shampoo and shave of certain body parts, I chose an outfit that would accent the best body parts. I could even wear heels. That was a pleasure for me. I am tall for a girl, 5'8". William appeared to be over six feet so I would be safe. Somehow, dating a man that is shorter than me makes me feel a bit uncomfortable. How could a shrimp protect me in a difficult situation? And did I mention how incredibly scrumptious he looks? With muscles bulging all over, he could do nothing to improve.
I got there right on time, 7:30. I figure I could have a cigarette and get a beer before he arrived. Soon as I pulled into the parking lot, I got another surprise. He was already there. Looking good enough to eat, I might add. Something told me to be alarmed but I couldn't. He had a calming way about him. I felt as though I had known him all my life but in reality, I had no clue. This time he was wearing dress slacks and a snug shirt, leaving just enough buttons undone at the top. He was so handsome that I almost felt out of my league. I mean, I'm not a bad looking girl but this guy was ridiculous.
"You must at least allow me the opportunity of a beautiful woman on my arm when entering."
Ya, he was definitely not from around here. He placed my hand in the bend of his elbow and we proceeded toward the building. I almost felt elegant. Every head turned when we crossed the threshold. The hostess greeted us and we were ushered to a table. She spent a little too much time acknowledging my date but I had no right to be jealous at this point. He was polite enough in return but did not look at her in the same manner as he looked at me. How flattering.
"Everyone is admiring your beauty. I am a lucky man."
Now I blushed. William does have a flaw. He has an eyesight problem.
"You've got to be kidding me. Have you seen yourself?"
He responded with a simple smile and opened his menu.
"Shall we order?"
I don't want to waste time telling you the specifics of our conversation. I had a good time. I found out that he was from North Dakota. A family member had died, leaving him with a house and several acres out on the lake. He was looking into opening a small business selling camping gear and outdoor accessories. In that case, he has come to the right place. I don't know how people find us but they come from all over, year round, to camp throughout our area. He remained a gentleman during the entire visit and spoke very precisely. He seemed educated, yet free spirited. Truthfully, I probably missed half of the discussion. I could not stop admiring his face. The full lips that shined continual. The way he touched his chin when he was focused on my words. How delicately he handled his food and savored every bite. My mind was in a blur. How could I have happened upon this man by accident? Things like this just don't happen in my life.
The meal was complete and I did not want it to end. William paid the check and we departed, creating the same stir as when entering. Yet this time, I was enjoying the attention. He escorted me to my car with a hand placed slightly in the small of my back. I felt so protected. Special. We exchanged cell numbers and then the awkward moment came. It's the part when you want him to kiss you but you don't know if he is going to so you just stand there looking stupid until one of you makes a move. But that moment never came. His composure remained steady. Without expectation, he leaned in and placed an ever so slight kiss upon my cheek. Butter. This guy is really good. He then backed away slowly and waited until I was seated in my car, engine running. I didn't want to stop looking at him but had to unless I wanted to hit every other car in the parking lot. Cloud nine baby!
I didn't see his car leave. I tried to focus on the road ahead of me while singing at the top of my lungs to every song on the radio. I would definitely have to look into that car stereo I mentioned earlier. I could not rid myself of the cheese-eating grin plastered across my face. I can't imagine anything else that could make me feel this good.
I was just about to reach for the front door knob when my cell rang. My heart beat with excitement. Maybe he couldn't stand another minute without hearing my voice. Maybe he missed me so much already that he had to call. Or maybe, nope, it was just Thomas.
"Don't sound so enthused. I just wanted to know how it went today."
I had forgotten all about my visit to the police station.
"No big deal. Just told em what I saw, which was pretty much nothing."
"That's what I'm getting from everyone. There's a problem with this theory of theirs. If they keep focusing on what they think happened, they're neglecting what really did happen. Something attacked that guy, Kevin, out there and we need to find out what it was."
He was right. The police seem to always find a way to look in the entirely wrong direction when something bad happens. We all knew that no human person had done this. Guess it was up to us to do the detective work.
"A couple of us are meeting out there tonight. You in?"
"Of course. I'll be there."
I made a quick change into old blue jeans, t-shirt and sneakers. Can't be running around in the woods wearing heels, right? I drove down the same dark dirt road, careful to avoid the same holes and tree roots. There were already two other cars parked. Thomas and Chris. I had text to tell them to wait for me.
"Is this the extent of our investigation team?"
I was smiling. I couldn't help it. Chris spoke first.
"We didn't want too many people knowing what we're doing."
I understood. The police would get suspicious if they knew we were out there. I couldn't blame them. Maybe they would think we were trying to cover up evidence or something. Far as I could tell, they hadn't even been there themselves. They probably had no intention of looking for any wild animal.
"What's that for?"
I motioned to the baseball bat that Thomas was holding by his side.
"Just a precaution. We don't need any more broken bones."
Now, what he thought he would do with that thing was beyond me. He's a tall, lanky guy. Can't possibly weigh much more than I do. Doesn't seem to have a problem getting girls though. He always has a new girlfriend to tell me about. Maybe the problem is keeping them.
We proceeded down the same path that they had traveled the night before. We weren't far into the woods when we came upon the area where they found Kevin. He was laying on the ground by the time they got to him. The surrounding grounds had been disturbed, either from the struggle or from the guys themselves. I decided to walk around a little bit. I don't know what I was looking for but I suppose I would know if I came upon it. Trust me, I didn't travel far alone. It didn't take long to find what I was searching for.
"Hey guys. Come look at this."
Pine trees stood all around the area. On this particular one, there were four slashes down the center. Each scrape was approximately three inches deep and half an inch wide. These were not your average claw marks.
"We might be dealing with a bear here, guys." Thomas stated.
Chris was touching each groove with his fingers, admiring the depth.
"There's no bear around here. This thing is something else."
The shrubbery around our footing was tamped down as well. And farther away, a smaller tree had been broken in half. Whatever this animal was, it has super strength. No human being could've taken down a tree. Neither could any of the native animals to this area. I took a picture with my cell phone. The flash temporarily blinded all three of us. At least I would have proof if the police decided we were lying. Just then I remembered something from that night.
"Chris, do you remember that sound we heard? It was a sort of growling sound."
"Ya, I remember. You don't think it was the same thing that did this, do you?"
The two gave a chuckle, the one that reminds women how stupid they sound sometimes. It was a possibility though. I shrugged my shoulders and they blew it off like always.
There wasn't anything more to see here so I left. So did Thomas and Chris. I wasn't finished yet. I wanted to talk to this Kevin for myself. I knew it was past visiting hours at the hospital, but those people never pay attention. I could sneak in without problem.
Sure enough, I was right. There was one woman sitting at the nurses' station and all the hallways were dim. I waited in the stairwell until I saw her disappear into the bathroom. I quietly crept down the hall and into Kevin's room. He was asleep. Luckily it was a private room. I touched him lightly on the shoulder and he jumped awake. His eyes were wide and frightened. He might have let out a yell had I not had my finger in a shush position over my own lips. He realized where he was and who I was and began to calm down.
"I'm sorry I startled you. I was at the party. I need to know what happened to you."
At first he was reluctant to tell me. He assumed I would react in the same way that everyone else had so far.
"I know you were attacked. I went back out there tonight. I saw some things."
That made him feel more at ease. The look in his eyes relaxed a bit.
"Me and this girl, Lorraine, were making out in the woods. I didn't even hear anything. She just screamed. She must have seen it first."
I noticed he was avoiding my eyes, playing with the corner of the bed sheet. I didn't say anything. Just let him talk.
"I turned around real quick but that thing was huge. It had to be seven feet tall, I swear. It picked me up and threw me with no problem. I've never seen anything like it in my life. It stood on two legs like a man, but it was furry, like a dog. And it had these big teeth and growled!"
Kevin had worked himself into a panic. I knew it was time to stop. I patted his forearm to get his attention and let him know it was okay.
"I believe you, Kevin. I just don't know how to make them believe it."
He tried to smile but it was too hard. He was quietly crying now. I know that a man doesn't want to cry in front of a girl so he must have been pretty upset. I assured him that we would figure this thing out. I hope he believed me.
Chapter 4

So I'd had an eventful weekend. More excitement in two days than I've had my entire lifetime. Two things I'm very enthusiastic about: finding out what attacked Kevin and my new beau, William.
It's Monday morning and I have nothing to do with myself. I crawled from bed and swung open the closet door. One thing this house came equipped with was a nice walk-in closet. Plenty of room for all my clothes and shoes. I grabbed a pair of shorts and t-shirt, with matching sneakers of course. My plan was to spend the day on the internet trying to find information for college. I figure I've gotta find something eventually or I would be stuck in this town forever. Being the book nerd that I am, I would probably drift over to the Barnes and Noble web site. It's an addiction that I cannot control.
I found it hard to focus throughout the day. With an attacker on the loose and a gorgeous mysterious man in my life, I had plenty to think about. Thing is, I couldn't center on one or the other. It was almost as if William was tied in to that night in the woods, even though I know that isn't the case. He wasn't even there. I remember being with Chris, hearing a snarl, and then hearing Lorraine scream. Next thing you know, Kevin was being hauled off to the hospital.
I was mentally exhausted. I wondered if the police had come across any evidence or had they simply settled for the conclusion that someone in our group had done it. I hadn't been called back in for anymore questioning. The daily newspaper barely mentioned the incident. Could it be they were sweeping it under the rug; the small town cops had a mystery they couldn't solve so they chose not to deal with it?
Then I had an idea. William seemed to be familiar with the woods, you know with the outdoorsy crap and all. Maybe if I took him back to the site where it happened, he would find something that we had missed. Couldn't hurt to have an unbiased person take a look.
He agreed to meet me at a bait shop near the lake. Then he could follow me the rest of the way. I had butterflies already from the thought of seeing him again. It would be hard to remember why we were there. I would have to try my best to keep my attention on the matter at hand. Finding clues. I would trust that Chris and Thomas were doing their part by nosing around in other areas. Maybe they would come up with something as well.
There he was, leaning against his car, looking as handsome as ever. This time he was driving a Dodge 4x4 with big knobby tires. It suited him well. I pulled up beside him, providing the sexiest come-and-get-me grin I could muster. He bent down to my passenger side window, no need for air conditioning today, peering at me with those pale blue eyes. He wore a sort of sideways grin that made me blush.
"I'm glad you called. I didn't know how I was going to convince you to see me again."
Little did he know there was no need for convincing. I would have buried my face in horse manure had he asked me to. After he had gotten into his car, I regretted not asking him to ride with me. I wanted him close to me. Next to me. Beside me.
"Focus, Jen, focus."
A little self-support to keep my emotions under control was definitely called for.
The road seemed the same and the area undisturbed since the last time I was out there. William greeted me with an affectionate embrace. That, I didn't expect but wasn't complaining either. I led him to the spot where they found Kevin. There was no sign of investigation or anything else. No piece of yellow tape hanging from one tree to another. No 'keep out' signs. It looked exactly the same as it had before. I started to explain what I had seen but he wandered away on his own. Touching trees, lifting rocks, moving shrubbery aside. I'm not sure but I think I saw him sniff the bark on the tree with claw marks. At one point, he was down on all fours in the dirt. I'm sure he knew what he was doing but I was confused. 
I slid down to a crouch beside a tree. It was a bit strange to see him rummaging through the brush on hands and knees but, then again, it was also very alluring in a peculiar sort of way. He was inching backwards, unaware that I was even there. The sight of his hind end coming toward me was picture perfect. Then, in one abrupt movement, he turned to face me. His eyes were no longer blue; they had turned dark, almost black in color. I didn't realize that I was holding my breath until his face was close to touching mine. He proceeded to nuzzle my neck along one side and behind the ear. Don't get me wrong, I wanted to get close to him but this was a weird way to go about it. I had pressed myself against the tree until I could move no further.
He froze suddenly and then moved away. Still close, just not touching. He had a strange look in his eyes. An unusual confusion. His eyes had returned to that dazzling blue that I loved so much. I admit I was a little nervous now. This was especially strange behavior coming from someone I knew nothing about. I didn't know who was going to speak first. I wanted to but no words would come out. Thankfully, he took the lead.
"Please forgive me, Jenson. It's just that I'm so very attracted to you. I apologize for my ungentlemanly manner."
Then that adorable sideways smile appeared from the corner of his mouth. How could I be fearful of that? My rigid body relaxed instantly. Instead of accepting the request for forgiveness, I leaned in and touched my lips to his. I don't know what came over me. I know I should have been embarrassed but I wasn't. He returned the kiss as well. The warmth slowly spread through my body, instantly turning into passion. His hands held onto either side of my face, pulling our bodies together. He could have taken me right then and there among the leaves, dirt and all.
Caught up in the moment, I had temporarily forgotten why we had come there in the first place. I ended the adventure and cleared my throat.
"Maybe we should get back to tracking evidence now."
It only came out in a whisper. I thought I saw a hint of disappointment in those eyes but he straightened himself and helped me to my feet.
"You're right. Come on, I'll show you something."
This is when he explained everything that I had been watching.
"These claw marks here on the tree; they appear to be an animal marking of some kind. Nothing like I've seen before. And if you notice here, on the ground, not just the sign of a scuffle but tracks leading to this point."
He pointed to the ground where it had been disturbed.
"And here, behind this shrubbery, you can see where something had been. As if hiding in waiting."
All of that sounded okay but there was still one more thing.
"What about this tree that is broken in two?" I asked.
He paused, his face searching for an answer.
"I'm not sure. Something with enough strength to snap it. I would suggest a bear but I know there are none in this area." He shook his head. "I just don't know."
The sun was setting and it would be dark soon. I didn't like being out there alone at night. Just the two of us. He is a big guy but I'm sure whatever had done this was much bigger. I truly wanted to be with him but more desperately, I needed to get out of there. I think he must have sensed my apprehension because he made the excuse to leave. Plans were made before leaving for the next weekend. Four days would be a long time to wait but I could manage.

~ ~ ~

"You can't bring her in, Will. She is human."
William paced the room from one end to the other.
"I know that, Malcolm. I think about it every single day." He turned to face the group. "But she is the one. I feel it. I sense it."
William turned toward the window, staring out at nothing. His mind racing. It was his duty to protect his ancestry. To protect the pack. To bring Jenson in would defy the bylaws created over hundreds of years. How could he trust that she would not betray their anonymous identity? Was she strong enough to accept his difference? He peered into the eyes of the others in the room. Would they ever be able to accept her as an equal? They would not. She could never be equal. She is human.
Their faces displayed frustration, difficulty, maybe even anger. He didn't know what to tell them. He had found a woman that made him feel different inside. She filled that sense of longing that he had not felt for so long. He hadn't made the conscious decision to find a human. It hadn't been his choice. She unexpectedly stepped into his life and now he had to deal with it.
"I'll figure this out. Just give me some time."
It wasn't the answer they wanted to hear but it would have to do. Disappointing the pack could lead to even bigger problems. He couldn't afford another disruption. He was forced to find a solution, and fast, before it all began to fall apart.

~ ~ ~

"You'll never believe what I found out." Chris sounded extremely excited over the phone. "One of our neighbors down the road went out to feed his goats and found them all slaughtered. Ripped to shreds! He said the cops want to blame it on the two pit bulls that live behind his farm."
My jaw dropped.
"There's no way two dogs could have done that much damage."
"You're right. Something really strange is going on."
I was looking forward to curling up on the couch after a long day of pouring rain. Though everyone else was glad to see it, I would be happy if the clouds never leaked on the earth again. I'm not one of those yard fanatics that keeps her sidewalk edged, grass trimmed to three inches, and bushes carved into a big ball of woven leaves. Guess you could say my green thumb never developed. I had changed into a pair of cut-off sweats and t-shirt. My favorite reality show would be on in thirty minutes and I was busy making myself a frozen cuisine for one.
The local news was just finishing up reporting all of the day's events in thirty minutes when a breaking story came through.
"Police say they don't know what caused the attack..."
That got my attention.
"The victim is unable at this time to give a description..."
I grabbed the remote and hit the volume button.
"An inside hospital informant believes it appears to be an animal assault of some sort. If anyone has any information, please contact your local police department."
This wasn't in my direct area. Trussville is about forty miles from here. Could it simply be a coincidence or could this be the same animal that attacked Kevin? Do animals actually travel that far? I would have thought they would stick to a more confined vicinity. You know, like it's their territory or something. I'm not an expert on animal behavior so, being the skeptical person that I am, I would have to do some research on the matter.
Instead of curling up with the television I booted up my laptop. Just the click of a button and I was surfing the World Wide Web. It's amazing to me. No more encyclopedias. No more dictionaries. No more trips to the library. Life must have been so hard for those who grew up in generations past. I can't imagine what it would be like without computers or electronics. I found a page that had an article on unexplained animal attacks. Several links away from there, unknown beasts and human predators. Click. Click. Click. Unbelievable astonishment.
"We refuse to open our eyes to paranormal existence. Though there are stories that have been passed down for centuries, we simply view them as fiction or fairy tale. Extensive research has made determination that certain relics and remnants found are proof that other non-human life forms are truly a reality."
I know that scientists have faith in things that us normal people cannot fathom. For some reason, if we have not seen it with our own eyes, it simply cannot be. Still, we watch horror movies with eagerness, awaiting the zombie or vampire to appear and kill the humans. It's in our nature to enjoy frightening entertainment.
My skepticism gradually decreased. There were thousands of articles just like this one. All of which did their best to convince the reader that there are things out there in the living world that we have no knowledge of. Apparently, the ones that believe and attempt to tell the story, well, they are deemed crazy. A nut case. Out of their minds. Who am I to doubt? Just like Kevin. He told what happened and everyone thinks he's in shock or something. A traumatic experience causing him to hallucinate. But not me. I believe him.
Chapter 5

I decided it was time to let William pick me up at my house. My feelings were too strong already to continue this distance between us. Whatever bad was going to happen would just have to happen. I picked up the phone to send him directions when I heard a car in the drive. William. He already knew where I live. Had he been secretly following me? Was this guy a stalker? Now I was even more spooked.
He sauntered toward the front door looking mouth-watering. His clothes were nothing but a mere candy wrapper for me to remove. If he smelled of chocolate I would just die! He must spend hours in front of the mirror creating the flawlessness of his face and hair. Nobody could be that perfect naturally.
I opened the door expecting a dainty kiss on the back of my hand. Instead, he stepped directly into my space and took my face in his hands, placing a passionate kiss across my lips. My body responded immediately. I dissolved into his embrace, returning the pleasure. The world ceased to exist in my mind. All I could think about was the heat radiating from his touch.
He pushed away from me abruptly, still grasping around my wrists, a bit more forceful than I would have liked. His head hung and the hair fell forward like a curtain. His breathing slowly returned to normal.
"William, are you all right?"
I watched him collect himself and then stand erect, releasing the hold on my wrists. He pushed his hair behind his shoulders, leaving his face bare and open to scrutiny. A blank stare instantly softened and the crooked smile exposed that was always pleasing.
"You have no idea how strongly I am drawn to you, Jenson. I apologize for allowing myself to lose control."
Then he positioned his cool lips on the backside of my hand. I could feel him tremble, as if trying desperately to control an inner sensation struggling to emerge.
"Shall we?"
He motioned toward the driveway. I pulled the door behind me and locked it tight.
"Where are we going?"
"Some friends of mine are getting together. I wanted them to meet you."
That was a vague explanation but I didn't care. I think this man could do and say anything he wanted and I would agree. Butter. Oh ya, he didn't smell like chocolate, he smelled like pine needles.
"How is your friend, Kevin?"
I was surprised he remembered his name. Most guys have that testosterone thing going on, affording the male ego to jump in.
"I don't know him very well. We have mutual friends. But thanks for asking. He's doing better."
Thomas had kept me informed of the details through text.
"You have something else on your mind. Would you like to talk about it?"
It was nice to have somebody notice. I wasn't sure how much I should tell him though. What if he thinks I'm crazy? I didn't want to chase him away. But more than that, I didn't want to start a relationship with lies either.
"I think there's something really bad going on around here." I searched his face for any sign of judgment. "Another man was attacked. And not too far from the lake, a man's goats were massacred. I probably sound pretty silly, huh?"
The silence lasted a bit longer than I had hoped. He was probably trying to think of something nice to say that wouldn't make me feel any more embarrassed than I already did. I wish I had kept my suspicions to myself.
"It's not silly. I think so too."
It wasn't just the words that got my attention; it was the expression on his face. I felt as though he were hiding something from me.
"Tell me what you know, William. Please."
"I will. But not just yet. First, I want you to meet my friends."
I hadn't noticed that we had reached our destination. It was a secluded part of the lake. I had never seen this area before. We must have been driving longer than I thought. There were already twenty or more people there. At least this time the male to female ratio was more even. I wouldn't feel like I needed protection the entire time. Or would I?
The passenger side door flung open before we were even settled well.
"Hi! You must be Jenson. C'mon, I'll introduce you."
I looked at William with pleading eyes. I didn't know these people and felt out of place. I needed him for support. I wanted to cling to him for security. He just laughed and exited his side of the truck. There was nothing left for me to do except go with her.
"I'm Abbey. Don't be shy. We won't bite."
She grabbed my hand and swept me off to the center of a crowd. I looked back over my shoulder to find William had joined a couple of the guys, not paying a bit of attention to my situation. Once we were among the others, she introduced me. I would never remember all of their names. I was too nervous to concentrate on anything other than the fact that I was profusely sweating, my hair was windblown, and my face had turned three shades of red at a minimum. Why had I chosen to wear these shorty shorts?
Everyone presented themselves as friendly. After a few minutes of conversation, I looked around for William and found him seated on a tailgate with a beer in his hand. There were three other guys standing with their back to me, all of whom had long, silken hair as well; only each a different shade of color. He set his eyes to my direction in acknowledgment, at the same time continuing his conversation. Good, at least he hadn't forgotten me completely. We would have a few words about this later.
There was a large grill with tons of meat: burgers, dogs, ribs, chicken, chops, and sausage. Most anything you could slap on there. There was a table with all the sides and condiments next to it. And sitting all around were coolers full of ice with some sort of canned or bottled refreshment chilling inside. At least hunger wouldn't be an issue today.
As time went on, I found that I was actually enjoying myself. The apprehension that I first felt had completely gone. It was fun listening to each of them tell an embarrassing story about William. Right in the middle of a burst of laughter, he crept up behind me, snuggling his arms around my shoulders and whispered in my ear.
"You are radiant. I just may have to fight a few of these guys."
I laughed at the clever remark and comforted myself against his chest.
"So this is what happens when I leave you guys alone? You tell fictitious stories about me to my girl?"
That comment brought a roaring laughter from the guys along with rebuttal. We hung around for a little while longer before William took my hand and guided me away. We walked along the edge of the water, hand in hand. It was a magnificent feeling. And didn't I hear him call me 'his girl' earlier? I'm sure that I did.
We sat on a log together, my bare feet dangling in the cool water. If a little fishy were to nibble on my toes I'm sure I would run away screaming. I still have this thing about critters. No matter how harmless.
"Are you enjoying yourself?"
I glanced up to see his face had gone blank again. It was going to take some time for me to recognize his expressions and emotions. I nodded in approval.
"I'm glad. They are all very important to me. I'd hoped that you would like them."
He gave me one last hug with a sensuous kiss before we made our return. The fellas were engaged in a game of football. What I thought would be touch, turned out to be full contact. The ball passed and three of the defense tackled the receiver. I would expect a broken bone or two from a hit like that. The sound of bodies colliding made my flinch. Then the guys got up and laughed it off, brushing the dirt from their knees and elbows. Now, the score was tied and they were running the winning play. Needless to say, an argument broke out as to whether or not the touchdown was valid. Two of them were in each other's face; yelling and throwing swear words around. Before I could see it coming, they each crouched down and began circling one another. In an instance, they were on the ground, rolling around, intertwined. The yelling progressed into a sort of growling and snarling. I couldn't believe what I was seeing.
William ran full speed and jumped in between the pair. At first, I thought he had joined the fight but, next thing I knew he had them both by the scruff of their necks in either hand. Each one glared at the other but neither spoke another word. His control of the situation amazed me. He was without doubt the boss kid of this playgroup.
I realized that everyone else had silenced. The entire group had clustered around the situation at hand, watching William as if awaiting instruction.
"It's over now. No harm done."
One by one they dispersed. Eventually the chatter picked back up and the atmosphere cleared. This incident wasn't much different than when my own friends get together. I was used to a fight whenever alcohol is involved. It's just that this time it was a little strange. Their anger had turned into a kind of animalistic behavior. Like puppies play-fighting and the mama dog has to come and break it up. Then they go back to playing as if nothing ever happened. I guess William is the mama of this bunch.
It was getting on in the afternoon. The sun was beginning to set and the festivities were slowing. A long day in the heat always drains the energy right out of you. I needed a long, hot shower and a cigarette. That's right, I still hadn't told William that I smoke. I don't know why I've kept it from him in the first place. If he's ever going to love me, he should know everything about me. What a joke. Nobody ever lets the 'real me' out in the beginning. We always try to put on our best show, and then hit em with reality after they're hooked.
William had stripped down to his bare chest sometime during the day. A body like that would normally make it hard to focus on anything else but his face was just as beautiful. I had no idea that men like this existed anywhere except in movies. But this one is real all right. And standing very, very close to me!
"It's getting late. Do I need to take you home?"
"What you need to do is put a shirt on. You have no idea, do you?"
His face puzzled, "what do you mean?"
I could only laugh at how naive he seemed to be sometimes.
"Take a look in the mirror, William. You're gorgeous! Not one flaw. You have to know the effect you have on women, don't you?"
Then he stepped closer, our bodies inches apart, and bent to my ear. My heart began to thump against my chest. I think I was even holding my breath again.
"Anything you wish. All you have to do is ask."
He had retrieved his shirt and we said our goodbyes. During the ride home, we talked about many things. Conversation with William came easy. Everything with William came easy. Then I quieted. The silence went on for a while. He let me wallow in my thoughts, never tried to pry anything out of me. I watched him openly while he drove. He smiled at me when he caught me looking and I blushed. Then he took my hand and slid me to his side of the truck. I always laughed at couples that had to be sitting on top of each other but now I know why they do it. It feels great!
The sun had almost reached the horizon when we arrived at my house. It had been another perfect day. I think I might actually enjoy this man.
"I could call them and cancel."
William had promised to go fishing with some of the guys.
"No way. I'm not gonna give them a reason to hate me already."
I wanted him to stay. Didn't tell him though because I knew he would. I didn't want to be one of those girlfriends that never let her man hang out with the fellas. Instead, I did as I said. I went inside and took a long, refreshing shower. The heat had taken more out of me than I thought. I opened a book and only made it through four pages before the sleep monster took over. I think that my couch has magical powers too because every time I decide to lounge, it sucks me in.
I was startled out of sleep to someone banging on the front door.
"C'mon, Jen! Let me in."
It was Chris. Drunk on a Saturday night. I was in no mood to drink but when I opened the door I knew I wouldn't be expected to. He had tearstained eyes and looked a mess.
He didn't wait for an invitation. When the door opened, he passed right by me, dumping himself onto the couch. I sat down on the ottoman and waited for the story.
"Chelsea blew me off tonight. She said she was going out with some friends from school."
Chelsea was his girlfriend. She lives in Birmingham where she attends UAB. They had been together for two years now and were planning to marry when she graduates. I know he loves her in his own way, but a faithful boyfriend he was not.
"Something just didn't feel right so I drove down there to her apartment. Her car was in the parking lot so I went upstairs to see if she was there. The door wasn't even locked. I walked right in."
He paused for a minute. I could tell he was reliving what he had found.
"I could hear them. I opened the bedroom door and they were both naked, doin it in her bed. The same bed that she made love to me in! I don't know what came over me, Jen. I cracked. Next thing I know, the guy is on the floor and I'm beating the shit out of him. There was blood everywhere."
I suppose any man could have the same reaction to something like that so I didn't fault him for it. I certainly didn't know what to say to make it better. Cheating is probably the most hurtful thing a person can do to someone. I moved beside him and put my arms around him in comfort.
"I'm so sorry."
He nuzzled into my neck and held me tight. We remained in each other's arms for several minutes. He loosened the hold and ran his lips across the curve where your neck meets the shoulder. His breathing amplified. Before I could think, we were engaged in the preliminary make-out stage. It was nothing new. We had a good chemistry together in this area. And neither one expected anything more from the other. And at this very moment, he needed comforting, and I, well I needed sex.
I don't know for how long we had been like this before it happened. Just as his hands took charge of my body, the back door in the kitchen burst open. A person, I'm not sure who, exploded through the kitchen and had Chris in his grip so rapidly that I think I missed something. In the next instant, he had Chris pinned face first to the wall on the other side of the living room.
"Let go of him!"
I swear it was an uncontrollable action; my foot found his groin and the guy yelled out in pain. I grabbed a handful of his hair and pulled with everything I had. He, of course, was stronger than me but I had to do something. Chris wasn't a little guy and he had thrown him around like a rag doll. He kept one hand holding him to the wall and turned on me. His eyes were golden brown and peered deep into mine.
"Who the hell are you!"
"I was trying to help you. He was attacking you."
My mind was racing. This stranger came from nowhere to protect me from a friend. It didn't make sense. Who was he? Why was his intent to save me from harm? Not only was I confused, now I was angry.
"Let go of him now. I'm calling the police."
I made a leap for the phone but he was faster than me as well. He threw the handset to the floor and it smashed into a hundred pieces. Good thing I also have a cell phone or I would be pissed. At the same time, his release on my friend was a mistake. Chris managed to get a grip on a table lamp and use it as a weapon, swinging it at the intruder's head. He hit the floor and lay unconscious.
Chris was stunned and unmoving. I reached for the lamp and returned it to its resting place. He was shaking.
"That's twice in one night. What's wrong with me?"
"It's not your fault, Chris. Do you know this guy?"
He shook his head, "I've never seen him before. It must be one of Chelsea's friends. You gotta call the police, Jen."
Somehow that didn't seem like the best decision at the moment. The last time the police were involved, they didn't believe us. If they didn't believe us this time, Chris could go to jail.
"No. He said he was here to protect me. He won't hurt me. Just go."
"I don't know if..."
"Just go, Chris!"
I hurried him out the door and watched him drive away. I turned to the lifeless man on the floor. His chest rose and fell so I knew he was still breathing. I have to admit I was nervous. I was unarmed and he was overpowering. I sat down across the room and watched. I couldn't take my eyes off of him. His flowing brunette hair. He looked almost familiar.
Only a short time passed before he began to stir. The movement startled me and I jumped, grabbing the cell phone hurriedly. Any sign of aggression and I was calling the police for sure.
He rolled to the side and sat up holding his head. It was like he came to his senses all of a sudden and leapt to his feet. He staggered, still woozy from the blow.
"Where did he go? Are you safe?"
That wasn't exactly what I had expected to hear.
"I was safe before you crashed through my door. Who are you?"
He looked back at the kitchen door, splintered from its facing.
"Sorry 'bout that. I will have it repaired immediately. My name is Jonas. I'm a friend of William. He asked me to keep an eye on you. When that guy attacked you I..."
"William sent you here? And he was not attacking me!"
"But I saw him on top of you. I saw him."
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
"You need to leave now."
"But Will said to..."
"I don't care what William said! Leave my house."
I thought about it for a second and changed my mind. This was not a matter to handle over the phone and I surely didn't want him coming to my house again.
"Wait. Take me to him."
Jonas didn't hesitate. He sat silent in my passenger seat aside from giving directions. I didn't know where we were going and honestly didn't care. What could he possibly give as rationale to motivate him to do such a thing? He sent someone to spy on me. Call it protection if you want but there is nothing in this little town to protect me from. He was being just like every other male in the world. He was protecting his territory when he couldn't be there. Not a good way to start off in a relationship.
The house was situated within the woods, miles down a winding dirt road. Three cars that I didn't recognize were parked in the drive. I was taken aback by the enormity of the home. Jonas exited the car first and went inside leaving me to enter on my own. I never hesitated. I stomped through the door and made my presence known.
"William!"
I stormed beyond the entryway into a massive living area. I wish I could say I didn't notice anything but that would be a lie. It was such an elaborate layout that it took me by surprise. I turned full circle, taking in the surroundings. I guess I should have expected nothing less from a man of such exquisiteness.
"Jenson. Is something wrong?"
William had entered silently without my knowing. I spun on my heels and marched toward him. The anger emerged as soon as I saw him.
"What are you thinking sending someone to spy on me? And he attacked a friend of mine! He broke my door down!"
Jonas stepped into the room.
"I only did what you ordered, Will."
"Ordered?" I asked. "Why would you order someone to break into my house?"
"Wait for me outside, Jonas." Will directed.
We were left alone in this enormous room. William led me toward a plush sofa to be seated. This was really weird.
"Are you hurt?"
"No I'm not hurt. What's going on William?"
I needed an explanation and I needed it now.
"I was worried. I didn't want to leave you alone."
"Worried about what? I'm a big girl, William. I can take care of myself."
He blew out a breath and continued.
"It's not that simple, Jenson. Remember those attacks you mentioned? There's more to it than you know. I just didn't want anything to happen to you like that. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have interfered."
That just wasn't enough for me.
"You're gonna have to do a little better than that, William."
He let out a big sigh and took my hand.
"This isn't going to be easy for you to hear. Are you sure that you're ready?"
I had no idea what that meant and this was no time to be playing word games. I just wanted to know what was going on and this was the only chance I would give him to tell me. Once he began, I didn't interrupt.
"I'm not what you think I am. I'm...different. I have an ability unlike anything you could fathom. I am descendant from a very special species. We have evolved over hundreds of years to become what we are today. I have two life forms, Jenson. The one you see before you, human. And the one I change into, wolf."
He paused to see if I would give a reaction. Nothing. I simply stared in disbelief. I'm sure he got the same result before if he told this story often.
"I am leader of my pack. The Alpha male. Those people you met today, they are like me. They are my pack. That's why it was so important for you to meet them. I've never loved a human before, Jenson. I tried to avoid you but I could not. I don't expect you to understand. Just know that I am telling you the truth."
Of all the tales a man has ever made up, this one takes the cake. Did he actually expect me to believe such a fairy tale? This was just like one of my fantasy fiction books. Somebody's creative mind making up a legend. Like Dracula. Everybody knows there is no such thing as vampires. Now he expected me to believe there are werewolves running around? This was the most ridiculous thing I had ever heard. Then I remembered the articles. Paranormal creatures living among us. People deemed crazy for telling their experience. Oh my god, Kevin!
The reality of it all must have shown on my face. The tension lessened in his shoulders. I wanted to believe him. I really did. But it was hard. So hard.
"Come. I want to show you something."
He took my hand and we went outside to the back. It was a breathtaking view. We were located on the side of a small peak overlooking the lake. There were no other houses within sight. Just wooded area all around.
"I'm not sure what to say, William."
"Don't say anything. Just watch."
He knew it was a huge step to take but if I were ever going to believe him, I would have to see it for myself. He stood approximately six feet away, facing me. I looked into his eyes and saw the first of the transformation. The light blue irises changed into a deep gold. Almost glowing. A quiet growl emerged from the back of his throat. He removed the shirt from his back and stood before me bare-chested. The muscles along his shoulders, chest and stomach began to ripple. He then crouched low to the ground on all fours. The skin on his fingers lost color and two-inch, gray-black hair began to fill the follicles. His nails grew rapidly, turning into yellowish claws. He held his hands palm side up. Black pads had developed like that of a dog's paw. He looked up at me with desperate eyes. The canines had lengthened and protruded, curling around his lower lip. The muzzle on his face stretched outward forming a snout.
I couldn't take it anymore. I had to turn away. Right before my eyes, my boyfriend was converting into an animal. A creature. I wanted to run away. To forget that any of this ever happened. To go back to the normal life that I knew existed. But there he was, the man I had grown to care about. My emotions for him were stronger than I would have thought. I slowly turned, expecting to see a dog. But it was just him. William. In human form. Beautiful William.
His arms reached out to me with pleading eyes. I wanted him. Unconditionally.
Chapter 6

So, here's the deal. My boyfriend is a werewolf. I'm not allowed to tell anyone because they have gone to such lengths to stay hidden from the human world. When we are together, I have to pretend that he is no different from any other man. I can't tell my friends. I can't even tell my family. This isn't going to be easy. I'm bursting at the seams as it is. But I have to try.
I have so many questions that have gone unanswered. I don't know how we will be able to make a life together. Have a normal relationship. Though I guess there is no such thing as a normal relationship. Everyone I know has some sort of issue to deal with. Mine isn't that bad when you think about it. So my man gets hairy every now and then. What's the big deal?
Now Chris is going to expect an explanation about the strange man that broke into my house. Why was he there to protect me? Why did he think that Chris was going to hurt me?
William had driven back to my house to fix the door that Jonas broke. Apparently, he was a handyman as well as a woodsman. A man of many talents. I made a mental note to explore the other hidden traits.
"That little guy has a lot of strength!"
He had broken through the deadbolt and shattered the wood facing from top to bottom. If I'm not mistaken, William was proud of him!
I had to come up with something to tell Chris.
"Just say the guy ran out when he came to," William suggested.
That didn't sound half bad. No explanation necessary. I hated lying to my friend but what other choice did I have? I could see that a lot of lies were to come in the future of my newfound life. I text him and patiently awaited a response. Nothing. A few minutes went by and still nothing. He had been drinking a lot so maybe he went home and passed out. I hope he hadn't gotten himself into any more trouble. Knowing Chelsea, she would have a warrant out for assault. I never did like that girl.
When William finished with his little fix-it job, he washed his hands and came into the living room where I was engrossed in my current book. I had stretched out on the couch, head propped on a throw pillow. He gracefully placed himself between the back cushion and me. His body radiated heat. It was easy to place the bookmark and lay the book down. I adjusted to face him and the moment began without hesitation. I allowed his hands to roam freely across my body, smothering my mouth with his. My mind was a whirlwind. I wanted him to make love to me. I wanted to forget everything that happened on this night and live for this one moment. Just as I decided to let myself go, William pushed away from me.
"I can smell him. His scent is still here. It's the same guy that you were in the woods with the night of the attack."
He moved to the foot end of the couch and sat glaring at me. I fixed myself upright and glared back.
"How do you know about that night?"
He looked guilty. Like a little kid caught in a lie.
"I was there. I saw him groping you. It angered me."
That must have been the growl we heard.
"Do you know what happened to Kevin that night?"
"No. I ran away when you heard me. I swear, Jenson, I had nothing to do with that. I'm just as interested in finding out as you are. My pack may be in danger if I don't figure out what's going on."
We both remained unspeaking while computing our own thoughts.
"Are you involved with this guy?"
I pondered that question before I spoke. Chris was my friend. The only times it had been anything else was by accident. I didn't have William at that time and decided there was no need in having to tell him about my past.
"I have a past, William. There's no getting around that. But you are in my life now. And I have no desire to be with anyone else."
We came to an agreement that we had now entered into a commitment with one another.
"I couldn't stand knowing that another man might have you."
He slid nearer and held me close. Just tight enough to make me feel wanted. Just tight enough to let me know he really cared. I still had reason to worry though. He had a life outside of me. One that I couldn't possibly be a part of. It was a dangerous life that I knew nothing about. Something bad could happen to him and I wouldn't even know. The thought of losing him made me shiver. I had fallen for this man and it scared the hell out of me.
We woke the next morning, still enwrapped in each other on the couch. My shirt was sweat-soaked from his body heat. I would have kissed him good morning but the worse taste in the world is someone else's mouth after sleeping. Instead I settled for his forehead. He smiled, seeming to understand my gesture. After a good tooth brushing it would be all good.
Thomas had left a message that Kevin would be leaving the hospital today. I thought it would be a good idea to visit him later. Maybe he would be in a better state of mind and could talk about it more openly. If he could just describe what the thing looked like it would help a lot. Maybe William would be familiar with the description.
"I have to get going. I'm closing on a property near my place today."
He had so much going on in his life and here I was living day-to-day trying to figure out what to do with myself. I know there must be a purpose for me. I was put here for a reason just like everyone else. But for the life of me I just can't figure out what that reason is. My money wouldn't last forever.
After William left I called my mother to check in. They were getting on in years so I tried to keep in touch. She rattled on about her daily events and complained about my dad. I just listened. I suppose she doesn't have anyone else to listen. Sometimes that's all people need. I told her I would come by soon. I still had to replace that ticking clock that she has hidden somewhere in the house. Besides, I missed Hobo. I would bring him here to live with me but my dad is pretty attached to him. I wonder how William would react to a cat. He better not chase him up a tree.

~ ~ ~

"I liked her. You need to give her a chance."
"It's not about liking her, Abbey. She's not one of us."
They were debating my future with William. The two Betas thought it was a bad idea. Bringing a human among them would lead to trouble. They would be found out. Jonas would go along with whatever William wanted. Abbey was the only female Alpha in the pack so she had to prove herself often.
"And there is the mating issue." Penn was the only one bold enough to bring it up. "Would you mate with her, William? You are a purebred."
"I know what I am, Penn. You don't have to remind me."
"But that's one of the responsibilities as pack leader. You must choose a mate to reproduce. That is her purpose."
William rubbed his chin in frustration. He knew what his role was and what responsibilities it entailed. He didn't need the rest of the group to remind him of it. He wanted to be angry with them but understood their concern. There is no way to explain it to them. It was an instinctive feeling that he could not control. It had been done before. The elders often mated with humans when they faced extinction. But Penn was right. He was pure blood and it was his duty to carry on a true bloodline. If he did not uphold his part as pack leader, he would be challenged. Possible replaced.
"I will figure this out. Until then, stop pushing the issue!"
They all cowered away at his outburst. They knew William's temper and the strength behind it. No one in that room wanted to experience the consequence. He had proven himself worthy of the position held. They had all been there when he fought for acknowledgement. The duel could only end in death. And William was still alive.
The important issue at hand was territory. Something had invaded their domain and had to be stopped. He could not allow his pack to become implicated for the deaths of humans. The wolf society is a complicated political organization. Because of an incident last year, the regional sovereign had almost forced William to step down. It would be a witch-hunt if the humans were to ever find out about their existence. It could very well lead to the beginning of extinction. They have gone to great lengths over the centuries to keep their identity hidden. The world just is not ready for paranormal creatures. Not yet.

~ ~ ~

"Chelsea took out a restraining order on Chris. Now they wanna say he's the one that attacked Kevin. There's a warrant for his arrest."
I listened to Thomas but the words were crazy. Just because Chris was having girlfriend problems, it doesn't mean he is violent. Well, he did beat the crap out of that guy, but he didn't hurt Kevin.
"Maybe if I remind them that he was with me they'll let it go."
"I don't think so. They gotta pin it on somebody. Kevin's parents are pushing for answers and Chelsea just handed Chris to them on a platter. They're gonna run with it."
I had to think about this for a minute. Chris has an alibi. Me. But the police aren't willing to listen. They need a conviction. Even if Kevin says it wasn't him, they won't believe it. Everyone thinks he's traumatized and invented the illusion of a monster. They might even try to pin the other guy on Chris as well. Much as we want to trust in the system, everyone knows it's a shady business. Especially with small town cops.
"We're gonna have to hide him out for a while. At least until we can figure this thing out."
"Sounds good to me." Thomas agreed. "He can't stay at your place cuz they're surely gonna be watching it. There's a cabin I know of out on Bremen Mountain. They'll never find him there."
I hadn't been off the phone for more than an hour before they knocked on my front door.
"Miss Bennett. We have a warrant for the arrest of Chris Reynolds. Have you been in contact with him today?"
Of course I would never tell them if I had.
"Would you mind if we take a look around? Just to make sure."
I let the two wander throughout my house while I sat on the couch sipping a cup of coffee and smoking a cigarette. I had hoped the smoke would irritate them just a little.
"Thank you for cooperating, Miss Bennett. We will be keeping in touch."
"I'm sure you will. Thanks for stopping by."
I waved as if they were old friends. At least they behaved professionally, this time. I had a feeling that the next visit wouldn't be quite so pleasant.
Thomas came to pick me up and we were on our way to get Chris. We had to choose a remote place that not a lot of people would frequent. Once he was in the car, he crouched down on the back floorboard so that no one could see him. It may seem a little drastic but I know these folks around here. Everyone is nosy and everyone tells everything they see. We drove almost an hour through winding back roads before we finally came to the right place.
There was no road leading up to the cabin. We had to park off in the trees and then walk the rest of the way. Good thing I had dressed properly. I didn't know I would be taking a nature hike today.
The door creaked on its hinges when Thomas pushed it open. Inside, the appearance was so rustic I couldn't imagine a person spending any length of time there. Beneath several layers of dust stood a small table with one wooden ladder-back chair, a makeshift cot in the corner supporting a mattress stuffed with hay and a barely standing counter where a sink was located. Not the usual plumbing like you might think. There was a handle embedded in the countertop that was used for pumping water from a well or spring somewhere. Aside from the cobwebs and dirt, there was nothing modern or comforting about the place. Has anyone ever figured out what a cob is?
"Chris, you can't stay here. This is ridiculous."
"You'd rather he go to jail?" Thomas snapped.
"He's right." Chris plopped down on the straw mattress. "It isn't so bad."
Guys have a strange way of adjusting to an environment. He would need food and water. And there wasn't even a toilet facility! Guess that's where they have an advantage over us. They can just use a tree if necessary.
I made a list for Thomas to retrieve. A cooler, sandwich food, soda, toilet paper, etc. Just the basic necessities. I also added magazines and a radio. He would need at least that much for entertainment.
While we were waiting for him to return, I did the best I could at tidying up a bit. If he were going to be here for a while, I would have to pack some things to bring out. At least he had brought a few changes of clothing. When I pumped the water spit, a gurgling sound began. Somewhere deep within the pipes, a rumbling occurred and it began. Between spurts of air and chunks of dirty rust, out came a stream of orange-brown goop. I think it was supposed to be water. All at once, a huge gush of air flung this thick, viscous matter in all directions. And lucky me, I happened to be standing right in front of it. Being the girl that I am, I screamed. Chris rolled to the floor laughing and I stood there with rusty crap streaming from my hair and face. I was drenched.
I wanted to be angry with him for laughing but then I imagined what I must have looked like standing there. Then I began to laugh as well. He pulled the shirt over his head and handed it to me.
"Here, I've got plenty more."
I began to wipe the crud off my arms and face. Chris came toward me and took the shirt.
"Let me help."
While wiping my face, his eyes met mine. They were soft, caring eyes. Somewhere inside this man was a kind, compassionate soul. Chelsea is an idiot. I found myself admiring his chest. He must have perceived my desire because he brought my hands up to touch his bare skin. We've always had a physical attraction that just comes naturally. His lips met mine instantly, placing powerful, crushing kisses. Of course my body responded. Then I realized; I have a boyfriend! I couldn't allow this to happen. I pushed away and stood there catching my breath.
"What's wrong? Thomas won't be back for a while."
I didn't know what to say. I just stood there feeling guilty. How was I supposed to explain that I'd fallen for a stranger that sprouts doggie paws! I know I couldn't tell him that part but I also know that good old country boys don't take kindly to a new arrival. For some reason, they both feel the need to shelter me from every man in the world. Like big brothers. Thank goodness I didn't have any of those for real. I don't think I could have made it through puberty.
"I have a boyfriend."
I don't even know the words to explain the look on his face. Surprise. Hurt maybe. I don't know. But it wasn't agreeable.
"Just two days ago we were making out on your couch."
"It was different then. I've made a promise to him since that night."
I didn't want to look him in the eye but I had to stand my ground or else he wouldn't accept it.
"So, when I have a girlfriend it doesn't matter." He questioned my rationale.
"I have different morals than you do. I wasn't the one cheating."
He didn't like that answer. I think I even detected a little jealousy. He had gone outside for air. I followed him, of course.
"You can't get mad, Chris. We're friends. That will never change."
Somehow, when someone tells you they just want to be friends, it's like a slap in the face. Like you aren't good enough to be anything more. Thing is, he never before acted as if he wanted anything more. And I was content with our relationship, up to this point. Maybe there were feelings there that I hadn't known about. For the life of me I can't figure out why guys keep their emotions hidden inside. How are we girls supposed to know what they want? That's why we continue to bombard them with stupid questions until they are so irritated that they get angry. At least then we get a reaction of some sort. But this, this was a complete surprise.
"I just thought we had something more than that."
"When, Chris? When you weren't running behind Chelsea's ass? Where did I come in as something more?" Now I was angry.
We had agreed from the first time we crossed that line that it was nothing more than sex. No commitment. No pressure. He sure as hell was giving me pressure now.
"You're right. I don't have a right to say anything. But I want to meet this guy."
I couldn't help but to let a tiny smile escape. He was my protective friend again. Now he would expect this new guy to pass some sort of test I suppose. We hugged and the episode was over. And now that I had met William's friends, it was time for him to meet mine. At least the most important two.
We spent the rest of the time talking about what happened with Chelsea. This girl pissed me off. She had brought tears to his eyes. And now, because of her, he was holed up in some shack out in the middle of nowhere, without even so much as a toilet! We could cross paths again someday and when that day comes, this chick is mine.
Thomas returned with several bags full of stuff and a large cooler filled with ice. He had already covered the drinks, an art perfected from years of drinking beer. He brought comic books, sports and teen magazines (like he would ever take a look at those), and a Playboy. There was a smaller Styrofoam cooler filled with sandwich meat, cheese, mayo and all the other fixins. Crackers, cookies, candy bars, etc. He was pretty much loaded up for a good week. Should be plenty of time for us to take care of this mess.
I had to ask just once more.
"Are you sure all of this is necessary?"
The sorrow in my eyes must have revealed my sincerity. Chris put his arms around me, not in a sensual manner but to let me know that everything would be okay. It didn't make me feel any better about the whole ordeal but at least he knew I cared. A tear slid down my cheek as we pulled back onto the road and drove away. I watched Chris walk back into the woods and disappear before I turned to stare at the dirt drive ahead.
I couldn't let go of the anger that I was feeling. About everything. I felt helpless. I stared blindly through the windshield going over the occurrences in my mind. As we neared town, there were flashing red and blue lights everywhere. The entire road was blocked off in both directions. An ambulance was placed directly in the center of all the havoc. It was apparent that we would not be moving anytime soon so he pulled to the side of the road along with the other waiting vehicles. A man was walking toward our direction, away from the activity. Thomas motioned him over to ask what was going on.
"They found a woman's body. She was covered so I figure she's dead."
Chapter 7

The ambulance lit up and drove away toward town. The police then directed traffic to turn around and gave an alternate route. They didn't want the 'crime scene' disturbed.
"This is bad."
I don't think I had ever seen Thomas so serious. I could tell he was thinking the same thing as me. A dead body turns up and Chris is nowhere to be found. He chose a different back road that took us more quickly to his house. From there, he turned on his dad's scanner to find out what was happening. It seems that a car stopped to help a woman on the side of the road. She was lying face down and there was a lot of blood. The EMS workers could not save her. She died on site. Her clothes had been shredded, one arm detached and several lacerations across the length of her body. Her face mutilated. No name given.
I immediately called my mom and dad because I know they listen to their scanner regularly and would be worried. As anticipated, my dad went into the big spiel about getting deadbolts on my doors and barring the windows. He seems to think that crime in this county is so outrageous that we should jail ourselves in our own homes. I'm not quite to that point of insecurity just yet. Of all the years I have grown up in this place, this is the first time that anything of this nature has occurred. I'm pretty confident that my welfare is not in immediate danger.
I hurried home to catch the channel 6 evening news segments. They plugged the story in the beginning but naturally held it til the end so we would all stay tuned. I was on the edge of my seat. It was a perfect view from the helicopter camera. It showed the body beneath a blue plastic cover. There was blood pooled around the immediate area. There was no car that belonged to her and they showed no evidence as to how the body came to be there. They had yet to uncover her identity and asked for people to call with any other information they may have.
When my cell phone rang I nearly jumped off the couch. It was Thomas. Chelsea's parents had called Chris' parents to say that she was missing. They wanted to know if Chris knew anything. With Chris gone, they could only conclude that the couple was together somewhere. We knew otherwise. Because the victim's face had been so disfigured, there was no way to identify the body. Again, I knew otherwise. Chelsea had a tattoo on her lower torso, near the private area, that her parents didn't know about. Could the victim be her? I suppose it was my duty at this point to tell somebody. But who? If it is her, will Chris be accused? At least he was already in hiding. If it turns out for the worse, he'd just have to stay there longer. Her parents have a right to know. I couldn't just leave them to wonder where their daughter was. They would be frantic with worry.
I made up my mind. I had to call the police to tell them what I knew. At least the part about the tattoo. They could check the body. I wouldn't even have to look at it, right? And they should be grateful that I have something positive to offer, right? Ya, right. I had a bad feeling about how this was all about to go down.
"Sherriff Mercer."
He answered the phone with a dry, uninterested tone of voice. I was a little nervous and hoped that it wouldn't show when I spoke.
"I have information that might help identify the body found today."
"Okay, you have my attention. Let's hear it."
I cleared my throat and proceeded to tell him of the tattoo and the parent's missing daughter. I kept it as vague as possible, trying not to give myself away. As quickly as I dialed, I hung up. I didn't want the call traced and I didn't want to give him time to ask any further questions. For some reason I felt guilty afterward. But at least he had something to go on now. If it turned out to be her, I'm sure I would be hearing from somebody soon.
For the next few hours I sat around twiddling my thumbs. I tried to read but that was impossible now. Too many things were running through my mind. And I couldn't stop thinking about Chris being out there alone in the night. I'd eaten everything available in the kitchen that didn't require cooking. I would regret that when my middle gained two inches. If I run out of cigarettes I'm really in trouble.
I picked up the phone to call William but he beat me to the punch. He had heard the news as well and wanted to make sure I was all right.
"We found some evidence of another animal-kind in the area. I knew it had to be something out of the ordinary. There are tracks and markings that Malcolm is familiar with. Another shifter clan."
He sounded very solemn. I could tell he was concerned. Maybe even worried.
"What kind of shifter?"
"Leopards. And not the kind you see at the zoo. These are very large and very strong. I don't know why they are here or where to find them but I'm positive they are behind these attacks."
I have to say I was relieved to know some definite information. Though putting the pieces together has changed my entire life. Now there are people out there that grow claws and whiskers! Great. Just great. So if I see William chase one of them up a tree, I know to keep him away from Hobo.
"I have more to tell you too. Can you come over?"
He was at my side within the hour. He must have been close. If not, I would have to talk to him about his driving habits. I told him the entire story about Chris and Chelsea and where he is now. I made it clear how much my friends mean to me, just like how much his friends mean to him. Then he understood.
"We should drive out there. I need to know the exact location if I am to have him protected. It's not a good idea to be out there alone right now."
I remembered most of the route we had taken until we came to the spot where we have to pull to the side and walk. There were no landmarks to recall. Plus it was dark this time. William had called some of his people to join us. With all of us looking, it should be easier to locate the cabin.
"I think I know the place. I covered this area the last time we played tag."
Abbey was excited to be on a hunt again. Because of the new bylaws, they were only allowed to hunt during certain phases of the moon. Tonight was not one of them but William made an exception.
They each took a turn sniffing me. They had to know my scent to track the earlier expedition I had taken. Good thing I was still wearing the same clothes. They looked at me like I was dinner.
"Don't forget guys, we're looking for my friend, Chris. And he's not food either."
They all four fell into a roaring laughter.
"Jen, they know why we're here." William comforted.
I stayed by William's side. He moved through the woods in such a graceful manner. I stumbled a lot. Eventually, he took my hand and I mimicked his footsteps. Where he stepped, I stepped. When he ducked, I ducked. We had been walking for a good long time when a howl echoed through the trees. He stopped abruptly and cocked his head to one side. Another howl sounded. 
"Come on. They found it."
I could hardly keep up now. He was on a mission. At one point I thought I had lost him. Then I saw his golden eyes glowing ahead in the darkness when he turned back toward me. That was an eerie experience. He stopped again and gave me a strange expression.
"You might want to turn the other way for a minute."
I didn't question him. While my back was turned I could hear the bushes rustling and what sounded like bones popping. When I was given the 'all clear', I turned to find Malcolm, Penn, Jonas and Abbey all standing naked before me.
"Sorry. I didn't think about that part."
I blushed and turned away abruptly, long enough for them to dress. That would explain the small backpack that William had been carrying. It contained the clothes they would need upon returning back to human form.
"You guys must have a hell of an apparel bill each month."
This comment warranting only a silent chuckle between the four. This must be why Abbey was so excited. The freedom to run through the woods in wolf form didn't come so often anymore.
"Wow, that was exhilarating. Oh ya, Jonas, I win. You're on trash detail all month." She elbowed him and moved deeper into the woods.
William told me they make wagers just for fun during an excursion such as this. Abbey was the first to find the cabin so she won the bet. Up ahead I could see the clearing. There was a faint illumination radiating from one small window on the side. I didn't have any way to warn Chris that we were coming because there was no cell phone service out here. All this land and no major phone company can come up with a plan to put up a tower. I had no idea how to approach the place without frightening him. Guess he would just have to get over the initial scare. I was also going to have to explain all of these new faces. This day just keeps getting better, doesn't it?
"You can't reveal to him what we are, Jenson."
"I know. I'll think of something."
I decided it would be better to knock first before going in. William waited outside, giving me a chance to prep Chris for the intrusion. He didn't respond to the knock so I lifted the latch and opened the creaking door. He lay on his back, flashlight in one hand, Playboy in the other. The earbuds from his MP3 player prevented him from hearing the knock. When he saw the door moving, he jumped to his feet, ready to pounce.
"It's just me! Calm down."
I explained the important stuff and then waved William in. Seeing them side-by-side, I was able to size the two men up. William was taller and outweighed him by several pounds. And knowing Chris' ego, he wasn't going to be pleased to see how handsome my new boyfriend was.
William reached to shake his hand. Chris stood unmoving for a bit longer than was polite but then he grasped his hand firmly, you know, to let him know he was 'all man'. I noticed a slight grin coming from William. I'm sure he was used to this behavior.
"Jen tells me that you are a very important friend. When I heard you were out here alone, I thought we should come to check on you."
Chris' scowl faded at that. Even his posture slackened. I told him that the others were outside looking around the area.
"Damn, this must be bad." The scowl turned grim. "Do they think it's me?"
"Chelsea is missing." I hated telling him that part. "No one had identified the female victim when we left. Her parents are worried."
He sank down onto the hardwood chair, face buried in his hands.
"We're gonna fix this. Everything's gonna be okay. Trust me on this one."
William left us alone to talk. Even though the tension had eased, he knew we wouldn't talk openly with him there. I squatted down in front of Chris and took his hands from his face. I could tell he was more worried about Chelsea than his own circumstances.
"We'll find her, Chris. She's okay."
I wasn't so sure that was the case but I had to make him believe so.
"I didn't tell you all of what happened at her apartment."
This didn't sound good.
"She tried to stop me when I was beating that guy's ass. I shoved her off me pretty hard. She hit the wall and fell unconscious. I swear I didn't mean to hurt her, Jen. I was just so damn mad! When I saw her just laying there, I got scared and ran."
I was right. It wasn't good.
"I'll find out, Chris. Just promise me you'll lay low here for a while til we get this straightened out."
He agreed not to go anywhere. He didn't always make the best choices but stupid he was not. If the cops found him now, he'd be under the jail!
He walked me outside where all five wolves stood, in human form of course. William had taken charge of things on their end. He was leaving one of his pack members out there at all times until this was over. We couldn't tell Chris because he wouldn't understand what we were protecting him from. At least I would feel better knowing. I gave him a friendly hug and we disappeared into the trees.
"I know you care deeply for your friend. I understand. I will do what I can. In the meantime, I have to take you home. We're going hunting tonight, and not for humans."
He drove me home but didn't stay around long. I silently hoped that when this was all over we would get to spend more time together. We have so much to learn about one another. Right now, I was more in the dark than not. I still have so many unanswered questions. I would have to be patient. One thing I was sure of, whether they accepted me or not, it was evident that the pack would do anything that William asked of them. I felt both grateful and indebted to them now.
I lay restless in bed for hours. The harder I tried to sleep, the more wide-awake I became. My body was incredibly tired but my mind would not let me rest. I tossed and turned until I was so frustrated that I simply gave up. I turned on every light in the house, made a cup of hot tea and honey, and curled up on the overstuffed chair with my book. Maybe if I read a story, it would take me away from reality. Within minutes, I was fast asleep.

~ ~ ~

Sheriff Mercer drove down to the morgue to check out the information himself. One of the technicians led him down a darkened hallway until they came to a set of metal double doors. He swung one door inward and held it for Mercer to walk through. The room was brightly lit with fluorescent lighting, stainless steel tables lined one wall and the other was lined with, what appeared to be, dresser drawers. The temperature had decreased to a chilling degree. The young man went to one of the tables where a body laid covered with a white sheet. He didn't waste any time being sympathetic. Instead, he drew the sheet back, quickly exposing the remains of a deceased female. Mercer had no intention of touching anything within that room, especially a dead body.
"You're gonna have to pull it down a little further."
The guy kind of looked at him like he was some sort of pervert.
"Just do it kid."
And there it was. A tiny red rose etched into the skin near her pubic hair. Without saying a word, Mercer turned and departed, not stopping until he reached his car. He had hoped that it would turn out to be a dead end. Now he was going to have to tell the parents that their daughter is dead. That was never an easy house call to make. Maybe taking a more sensitive officer with him would be a good idea, just in case one of them needs consoling.
Sergeant Howard, a new hire, was more than willing to take the ride. She was brought on board to fill an equal opportunity quota and up until now had not been afforded any opening to demonstrate her abilities. It amazes me how men think that directing traffic and filling out paperwork should be fulfilling for a woman. You would think that after all of these years of women proving themselves, this inferiority complex would go away.
The house sat a short distance off the main road and only one window gave off any light. He turned into the gravel drive and slowly approached the residence. He then cut the engine and took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. Howard could tell that her boss was uneasy.
"Don't worry, chief. I got this one."
He didn't like the idea of a girl thinking he couldn't handle the task.
"Let's get this straight, Howard. You're here for them, not me."
Nothing else was said between them throughout the entire visit. When Mr. Gray opened the door, the look on Mercer's face did all the talking. Mrs. Gray immediately broke down. She did not have to wait to hear the words. The two men went into the kitchen to finish the conversation while Howard was left to tend the grieving mother. Between sobs, she did the best she could to comfort her. Finally, Mr. Gray joined his wife. The two collapsed into one another's arms and the room fell silent.
Mercer stood in the doorway, not knowing what there was left to say.
"Mr. and Mrs. Gray," Howard broke the silence, "we will find out what happened to her. I give you my word."
Mercer and Howard drove back in quiet. The tension was building on Mercer's face when he finally blurted out, "you can't give people your word when you can't follow through."
Howard was staggered.
"Who says I can't follow through?"
"I never put you on the case. You just stick to doing what you do best. Go back and type or something but stay out of the way."
He may as well have punched her closed fisted on the jaw. The tears unwittingly began to fill her eyes.
"Oh great. Another cry baby."
Thing about that is, sometimes when a person is filled with anger and there is no way to release it, the outcome is often tears. She did not want to cry. She wanted to knock the shit out of this bastard. But he was her boss. She wanted this job and she had to refrain from doing anything that might cost her. One wrong move and she would be history before she even got started. She made it her quest right at that moment to establish her position on the force. No more 'miss' nice guy!
Chapter 8

Chris lay sleeping on the hay-stuffed mattress. The cabin was completely dark and the outside was filled with chirping crickets and nearby frogs. A faint moonlight drifted in through the one small window. An unknown sound disrupted his slumber. He didn't open his eyes. They always say that if you don't have one of your senses, the others will work better. He thought maybe he could hear the sound more distinctively with his eyes shut. I'm not so sure that really works but hey, can't hurt to try.
He thought he heard the slight movement of leaves on the ground. Then a scraping sound came from the front. Before he could lift himself onto one elbow, a considerable amount of scuffling came from just outside the wall where he lay. He was about to get up when the door burst open. Because it was so shadowy, he couldn't tell what it was but something had entered slowly. The glowing, sinister gold eyes peered at him through the darkness. As they inched nearer to the cot his heart quickened and his breathing became rapid. All at once, another intruder leapt through the air and landed directly on the thing coming toward him. They both rolled across the floor releasing a magnitude of growling and hissing. At times, he heard cries of pain. At this point, Chris had curled himself into the corner, hugging his knees. The two animals continued to fight, each attacking with full force. The sounds were ear deafening and bloodcurdling. He had no weapon, not even a pocketknife. If the fight broke, he would have nothing to defend himself. They rolled and tumbled across the floor, slamming into the small table and shattering the ladder back chair.
He was sure that he heard a distinctive doglike snarl at one point. The growling sounded as if it were coming from a cat as well as a dog. It was hard to tell with only the dim lighting from the moon. The fight was not going to last forever. One would wear down and the other would be the victor. Then, he would become the enemy. Just then, there was a break between the two. They circled one another in a crouched position.
Chris was inching his way along the wall, careful not to make any sudden movement or sound. He stretched one arm out slowly, reaching for a rung that had broken from the chair. The large cat roared and leapt. The dog yelled out in pain and lay lifeless on the floor. The cat swiftly turned and leapt again, all in one motion, this time toward Chris. He had gotten his hand around the piece of wood just in time to bring it upward, catching the animal through a shoulder. The ferocious feline hissed and ran out the still open door, not before catching Chris across the thigh with its large claws.
Luckily, the claws had not penetrated enough to tear muscle but it did scratch the skin pretty deep, and you know how bad that hurts. He sat up against the wall trying to see the animal that lay across the room. He could see the heap of fur but heard no sound. He was certain the beast was dead but had to make sure to be safe. He picked up another rung from the floor and scooted forward, careful not to startle the animal just in case.
As he crept nearer, the moonlight shifted, falling across the injured animal's body. It was much larger than he had originally thought. There before him lay the biggest wolf he had ever seen in his life. It began to make the whimpering sounds again. Chris reached slowly, very slowly and placed his hand on the wolf's side. He could vaguely detect a faint rise and fall of the lungs. It was alive, but barely. Its fur was blood-soaked and rough to the touch. Instinctively, he began to stroke the canine's mane.
"You tried to save me, didn't you?"
The wolf bent slightly and licked the back of Chris' hand. He was touched by the sentiment.
"I'm gonna help you. Don't try to move."
It's not like a dog can understand us but for some reason we like to hold conversations with them. He grabbed a few bottles of water from the cooler and one of his clean t-shirts.
"I gotta clean these wounds. Just lie still."
He poured water onto the lacerations and wiped gently at the cuts. There were so many. Blood was everywhere. He decided to clean the worse ones first. There was a large gaping hole on one side of the neck. A long gash traveled down the underside of the belly. One of the front paws was bent at an unnatural angle. Certainly it was broken.
"I've got to set that break or it's gonna heal wrong and you'll never be able to use it."
The wolf cried out in tremendous pain when Chris lifted the paw. 
"You're not gonna like this either."
He held the foreleg firmly in one hand and the paw in the other. In one quick jerk, he readjusted the bone. The dog yelped but did not move. Chris splinted the break and wrapped it with torn strips of clothing. Amazing how Boy Scout first aid comes back to you after so many years. He had done all that he could for the wounded animal. All he could do now is wait it out. He couldn't leave to get help for two reasons. One, it was dark still and he had no idea how to find his way out of the woods. Two, he couldn't allow himself to be seen. The cops would still be looking for him. He sat beside the wolf and continued to stroke its coat; at least the parts he could find that were not affected by the brawl.
Sometime later he had fallen asleep, leaning against the wall. Daylight was breaking and his body was stiff from being in that position for such a long period of time. He reached up to rub the sand from his eyes, squinting in the morning sun. Had the wolf lived through the night? He looked down to an even bigger shock than the brawl had been.
Lying beside him wasn't a wolf at all. It was a man! A naked human, curled into a ball, lying against his leg. The body was scratched and mauled and the left arm carried the remnants of a makeshift splint. Chris thrashed away from the person and landed abruptly on the cot. He backed completely against the wall, panting and eyes wide with fear and disbelief.
He stared fixedly at the man on the floor. He had long, blonde hair and skin the color of cinnamon. This just couldn't be. It isn't possible. A dog doesn't turn into a man. A man doesn't turn into a dog! Was he losing his mind? Had he imagined the whole thing? His breathing quickened and his eyes grew wider. Just then the wolf/man, whatever it was, moved a bit. He opened his eyes and peered around the room. With much effort, he sat up against the wall and hugged himself, uncomfortably trying to hide his nakedness. The two men sat looking at one another, neither knowing what to say or who should speak first. The silence was more deafening than the melee during the night.
"You...you were a...dog."
"Wolf."
Chris sat in disbelief.
"What was that thing you were fighting?"
"A leopard."
No, no, no. This was just too much.
"I don't understand any of this. What's happening? What's going on?"
He huddled on the cot, clutching his arms and chest, rocking back and forth, trying to put reasoning into the eerie situation. In the meantime, the wolf/man painstakingly took a pair of pants from the clothes that had gotten strewn across the room. Once dressed, he decided to explain as much as he thought William would approve to help the situation.
"My name is Jonas. William ordered me to watch the area and to protect you."
Chris recalled him being there once he reminded him of it.
"When the leopard got in, it was my duty to stop it. I did my best. I apologize for not protecting you. You saved my life last night. I am forever in your debt."
He carefully knelt down before Chris, bowing his head low to the floor. A sign of submissiveness.
"I don't know what I'm supposed to do."
Jonas stood carefully; the pain had not yet subsided from the injuries he had sustained.
"You don't have to do anything."
"Whether you believe so or not, that thing would have shredded me if you hadn't been here. And your cuts, they've almost healed. How can that be?"
Jonas chose his words, careful not to reveal more than necessary.
"I will be fine. Eventually. I think, now that its daylight, it is safe to take you away from here. We shouldn't stick around for long. There will be more of them soon."
It would be a long hike through the woods. Neither Jonas nor Chris had a vehicle there to drive them. There was no way to contact any other pack member. At least they still had water. If they moved quickly, they could reach William's house before nightfall. It would be a long, arduous journey for Chris. Jonas, on the other hand, was used to the outdoors. The hardest part would be avoiding Chris' questions.

The wolf pack had been out all night tracking the leopard clan. The scent was harder to trace than most. It was so scattered that they had to split up. They had established a sunrise rally point. Once they were all together again, it was found that there were thirty or more leopards in the area. The most important information found, they had taken up shelter in a remote cave just south of town. It was merely a small portal that opened up into a large cavern.
"I'm going to pick up Jen and then check on her friend and Jonas. I'll meet you all back at the den before sunset."
I had been dressed for over an hour and still waiting for William to arrive. Surely nothing could have happened again within sixty minutes. The way things were going around here I'm sure I wouldn't be surprised. After pacing around the house at least a hundred times, he finally pulled into the driveway. I didn't even give him a chance to greet me at the door. I was running down the sidewalk before he had the truck in park. I jumped into the passenger seat and buckled up.
"Let's go."
William appeared to be offended by my rudeness but I couldn't help myself. I had worried all night about Chris and didn't want to waste any time getting back there because of new love chitchat. I know, I know. I was probably being a bitch and it wasn't necessary. William had done everything right during this situation. So, I gathered myself and pulled my senses together.
"I'm sorry. That was rude."
I leaned over to give him a hello smooch but I couldn't reach him. I must have looked silly all puckered up because he gave a chuckle. Then we both laughed one good time before meeting halfway and falling into a passionate kiss. Even with everything else on my mind, I instantly let it all slip away for that moment and melted in his arms.
The ride out to the cabin didn't seem to take so long this time. Maybe I was getting used to the drive. Maybe I was simply enjoying the time alone and conversation with William. He asked the questions, I gave the answers. He learned a lot about my childhood, my teenaged growing up years and everything else that led me to this point in my life. It was kind of refreshing going over events that are special to me. I was reminded that I didn't have it so bad. No real traumatic episodes to recall. Ya, I had it okay.
I realized that I had been talking for the entire ride. There was so much that I wanted to learn about William. So many questions that have yet to be answered. I mean, who wouldn't want to know how their boyfriend came to be part canine? I can't believe how easy it was for me to accept it. I hope that I won't be hit with too many more surprises before I get the chance to know him.
We pulled into the same hidden spot off the road that led to the cabin. William came around to open my door. I willingly slipped into his arms as I unloaded from the 4x4. I loved feeling the strength of his muscles around me. Have I mentioned just how gorgeous he is? Of course I have but I can't refrain from saying it over and over. That's how beautiful he is. I still wonder what it is about me that attracted him. How could I possibly be on the same level with this man?
He held my hand as we made our way through the woods. There was no hurry this time so I didn't stumble and struggle to keep up. William would stop here and there to teach me things about the trees, foliage, insects and animals that live there. It was all very interesting and I could tell that he enjoyed the outdoors more than anything. This was his comfort. This was his natural habitat.
About halfway there, William stopped and cocked his head as if listening to something that I couldn't hear. His eyes began to glow that golden color and his nose twitched. He dropped down on all fours and sniffed the ground. He moved around carefully, lifting fallen leaves and tasting twigs. I knew he had come across something that he didn't like.
"We've got to hurry, Jen. There's trouble."
He took off without me so here I go, bobbing and weaving between trees, trying to maintain my footing. I must have appeared so uncoordinated. I would have been humiliated had I not been so worried. He would turn his head every now and then, making sure that I was still within sight. The closer we came the more troubled I became. And with good reason.
The cabin door stood wide open. Inside, clothes were strewn and furniture was broken. Distinct signs of a struggle. And on the floor, obvious blood stains. But worse than anything, no Chris.
He hurried out the door and around to the side of the cabin. I heard a long and loud howling, strangely this didn't startle me. I knew that he was calling his pack. Don't ask me how I knew, it just seemed like the thing to do. When he came back in with a bewildered look, I also knew that it was worse than just Chris missing. His protection was missing as well.
"Something has gone terribly wrong here. I have to get back to my house."
We didn't waste any time. This was bad. He didn't take time to explain anything to me until we were back in the truck and on our way to his house.
"The leopard's scent was all over that place. I left Jonas behind but there's no sign of him either. I'm worried. He's young. What if he wasn't strong enough to handle the cat? I might have killed him. I put him in danger."
William was fretting over Jonas as if they were mama and pup. Which, in their world, that might be exactly what it felt like. How would I know?
"I'm sure he's fine, William. Let's get back to the others before you jump to any conclusions. I know it looks bad but we don't really know anything yet."
I was feeding him a line that I didn't even want to listen to. Chris was missing too and I was scared. There was blood inside and we don't know whose it was. Chris must have been terrified. He knows nothing of these creatures. Why did I bring him out here to stay alone? I should have hidden him out in my house. I could have paid for a room somewhere far away. Anything would have been better than this.
We pulled into William's drive, leaving a cloud of dust from the breaks. He jumped out and headed straight for the front door without even waiting for me. I suppose one rude act deserves one in return. I'm sure he didn't mean it as a payback but it sure felt like it. He left the door standing open so I let myself in. I was dumbfounded at what I saw next.
Chris sat on the couch, Abbey beside him. He waved, gave a smile and returned to the Play Station game. Jonas lay on the floor at his feet, watching the screen. He wore nothing other than a pair of jeans, revealing the healing marks of a battle. On the other side of the large room stood Marcus and Penn, arms folded across their chests with anger showing in the expression. Scattered throughout the room was a few of the people that I had met at the lake. William stood just inside the room where I stopped, hands on hips.
"Does anyone want to explain to me what's going on?"
No one in the pack seemed to offer any information, intimidated by the anger that William was displaying. Chris, being the big mouth that he is, took it upon himself to start things off.
"Jonas here saved my life from that big ass cat! It was awesome."
"That's not quite the whole story," Jonas added. "I tried my best, William. She was too strong. She took me down."
Abbey turned in her seat to face William.
"Ya, but Chris helped you. He nursed him through the night, William. He reset a broken arm and cleaned his wounds. Look, the arm is healing normal now."
She indicated to his injury. Jonas hung his head.
William walked around the room to end in front of the three, switching off the TV set on the way. The anger had alleviated and now he held a blank expression. He bent down to Jonas to observe the marks. Satisfied that he would be okay, he returned his gaze to Chris.
"How much did you see?"
Chris chuckled.
"All of it, dude. Scared the shit out of me. But I'm alive because of him"
"I owe him debt, William."
Abbey had taken up a place underneath Chris' arm. She held on as if he were going to disappear if she let go. A grin filled her face from one side to the other.
"Isn't he brave, William?"
Oh, make me puke! She had a crush on Chris. It was plain as the nose on my face. And he was loving every minute of it. I think I even saw him blush!
Chapter 9

William watched the three new friends, not knowing what to say. Now there were two humans that knew of their existence. He hadn't expected, nor did he need, another complication along with the shifters that were currently wreaking havoc in his area. He couldn't blame Jonas. He did exactly what he had been told to do. In fact, William probably would have done the same. Except for the fact that he would have won the battle and Chris would never have had to find out. But that was neither her nor there.
"So, what do we do now?" Marcus was angry. "We can't trust him not to tell. It's too tempting. Bad enough you're dating one of them."
William let out a snarl that could make the little hairs stand up on the back of your neck. Marcus wilted in the slightest. He was a dominate as well, but not the pack leader. If he were to challenge William, he wasn't exactly sure what the outcome would be.
Even Penn was upset about the situation.
"He's right. Jonas messed up. He shouldn't have let himself be seen."
William had had enough.
"All right! Everybody outside!"
He walked in my direction and I almost cowered.
"Can you figure out a way to talk to this guy? He can't know what's going on. Try to find a middle ground or something."
"William, I don't even know what's going on."
I turned my attention to my friend and went to sit by him. William stalked off through the back door. This mess had taken another unexpected turn and I had no idea what to do about it. Maybe first I should find out how much Chris really does know.
"Are you okay, Chris?"
I placed my hand on his and looked into his eyes, hoping to see the truth if he tried to lie about being scared. Men sometimes do that when they don't want a woman to know.
"This shit is awesome, Jen. How long have you known?"
"A little while. Why don't we start by you telling me what happened out there."
He explained the fight between a wolf and a leopard. How the wolf saved his life and he stabbed the leopard, causing it to run away. Then he helped with the wolf's injuries and by morning, the guy was laying on the floor beside him. He said everything in such a nonchalant manner. Like it was a normal thing and everybody turns fuzzy every now and then. But we had been friends for a long time. He wasn't as okay with this as he tried to let on. I could see the apprehension on his face. But that's okay too. I kind of brought this all on him so it was my place to make it better.
"I'm sorry I got you into this mess. We were only trying to protect you from the other situation. Guess I've managed to make things worse."
God bless friends. He put his arms around me and it felt great. There was no electricity, no uncontrolled desire, just the arms of a friend giving a comforting hug. We were in this together now.
Outside was a different story. William was angry and he didn't mind showing it. Matter of fact, he made it a point to show the entire pack that he was not pleased. He had shifted into wolf form as soon as he hit the outdoors. He reached the unsuspecting pack in seconds and bounded directly into the center of their discussion. Each and every one of them, all twenty some odd, knelt down to show submission. The only time he would have changed on demand and in daylight would be to remind them of who he is. Alpha pack leader.
He paced in circles, the hair bristling on his back, causing them to step back. In their eyes, it was a show of confidence and leadership. In reality, he was gathering his thoughts and trying to obtain his tolerance for unruliness. One thing he could not endure was defiance at this point. There was too much at stake. He had calmed down quite a bit now and in one swift movement, he stood onto his hindquarters, converting back into human form. His naked body was covered with sweat and his face creased with frustration.
"We have a situation here that is much more important than those two sitting inside." William glared from one face to another. "The leopards have come into our territory and are attacking humans. The reason doesn't even matter. We have to protect our region from outsiders. We cannot afford to be found out. If my suspicions are correct, I think the attacks are for that very purpose. To out the werewolf existence."
He continued to scan each pack member.
"I hold the position as pack leader for a reason. Some of you have been a member of this family for many years; some of you are new to the pack. I will say this only one time, do not challenge my decisions."
No one spoke up. No one had anything to say now. Only Jonas. He slowly stepped forward, squatting before William.
"I will follow your every command. I am here to serve you."
He then looked up in William's direction, exposing his neck. Presenting the most vulnerable part of the body is a show of complete submission and inferiority. This began a chain reaction. Each and every wolf had bowed to his superiority. Malcolm being the last to submit.
"Fine. Now let's get down to the matter at hand."
In the meantime, I was still sitting on the couch with Chris. There wasn't much explaining that I could do. He saw what he saw. He knew pretty much what I knew. This was all fairly new to me as well. We understood that our friends here were wolves, or at least part wolf. But understanding the leopard world was different. Were they always cats or were they humans as well? I tried to stay focused on the subject of the cops looking for Chris. He knew that if found he would go to jail. They needed a fall guy and Chris was the best candidate. He had to stay hidden. The problem now was where to hide him. I couldn't bear to leave him alone again. That was out of the question.
He could stay at my house or even with Thomas. They would probably be keeping an eye on both locations though. Not a very good plan. I thought maybe we could rent a room somewhere and hide him out there; which would probably work only I'm not sure how easy it would be to trace a credit card. With today's technology there's no telling. And still wouldn't feel comfortable. I simply couldn't leave him alone. Then, problem solved. William came back in, looking fine as ever I might add.
"You two will stay here tonight." I love a man who takes control. "We have some things to do but you won't be found here. You'll both be safe."
Did I mention that he was wearing no pants? Apparently he had forgotten that after shifting, clothing disappears. Well, it doesn't actually disappear but it is ripped and torn so badly that it's not wearable anymore.
"Dude, you might wanna put some pants on."
At least Chris was willing to speak up. Me, on the other hand, I didn't mind at all. Once it was brought to his attention, I do believe I saw William blush. Somehow I figured that when I got to see the whole package, we would be indulged in a hot and heavy make-out session. Never imagined it would be in a room full of people. Hmm, at least I know now what I'm working with. And not a disappointment, I might add.
William left the room and returned fully clothed. He took my hand and led me into the kitchen.
"Listen, Jen. I know this thing is moving a bit fast. It's a lot for you to take in all at once. I don't have time to explain right now. Just trust me. I need the two of you to stay put. Do not leave the house. Do not open any doors or windows. Can you handle that? Just for tonight?"
The expression on his face let me know that this was serious. And I did trust him. I put my arms around his waist and buried my head in his chest. He was so warm and smelled so good. I didn't want to let go. I looked into his eyes and smiled. Then he kissed me and everyone left, except for Chris and me. They had closed and locked every opening to the house, leaving us sheltered from the bad guys. For the life of me I couldn't figure out how he thought so. Seemed like every inch of the back side of this house was made of glass. Surely we could be seen for miles in the dark with the lights shining bright. Good thing it was still daylight or I would be frightened. Ya, I'm a scaredy cat. Critters and me don't get along. But I said I trusted him. And I do.
Chapter 10

I realized it had been a while since I had eaten anything. And Chris had been living off mostly junk food for the past few days. He had to be famished. I decided to make myself at home and rummage around in the kitchen. Good thing these people were part wolf. They had everything imaginable in the meat group.
Didn't take long to throw together a scrumptious dinner for two. We decided to eat in the living room area where the television was located. Maybe the evening news would have some fascinating view on what had been happening. Funny how they have the ability to word things just right so that the public forms an instant opinion in their favor. Not knowing the truth and facts about Chris' predicament didn't make a difference. He was a wanted man and it was plastered on every channel.
"This boy committed a heinous crime. We ain't gonna rest til we find him."
Sheriff Mercer always had an artistic vocabulary. If I didn't grow up in the south I would think him ignorant. He was far from ignorance though. We both knew that once his mind was set, he wouldn't stop until he found retribution.
I watched Chris while he ate his food. I would have thought he would have a different reaction to this whole mess. At least some kind of concern. He was acting as if this was all normal. Like it happened every day in somebody's life.
I couldn't take my eyes off him. He just kept stuffing food in his mouth. Bite after bite, watching TV, stuffing more food in. Then he caught me looking at him.
"What?" Cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk.
I shook my head in amazement. 
"Doesn't any of this bother you? Aren't you worried about anything?"
He looked down and gestured at the warmed over ribs on my plate.
"You gonna eat that?"
I wanted to scream. So many thoughts were colliding in my brain that I could hardly function. We were sitting in a house that was inhabited by dogs, Chris had been attacked by a cat-person, and local authorities have a murder on their hands that is sure to be blamed on my friend. How could he be so carefree about it all?
"Look, Jen. I know you're worried about this stuff but don't let it get to you. Will and his crew are out there right now. It's gonna work out. It's just a feeling I have. I don't know why. It just feels ok."
Will and his crew. They're a freakin wolf pack! How could he be so nonchalant? And had he forgotten that Chelsea is dead? Come on!
"Here, eat it."
I shoved my plate toward him and got up from the couch. It was late afternoon and the sun was just reaching the treetops. I stood in front of the large plate glass window that reached from floor to ceiling, looking out over the beautiful scenery. At the foot of the hill of pine trees, a shimmering lake stretched for miles. Such a peaceful landscape. It amazed me that for so many years I had no idea what had been roaming around out here. Chris put his arms around me from behind, holding me in comfort. I could feel the warmth of his breath on my neck and, for the first time, was not aroused. Maybe this boyfriend thing was working on me.
"You okay?"
His concern for my well being did make things seem a little better. Maybe he wasn't living in fairy tale land after all.
"You know, all of this stuff is incredible. And I can accept the things I now know about. But there is one thing that bothers me. Why did the leopard come for you?"
I turned to face him.
"And why would they attack Chelsea?"
His face saddened as he returned to the sofa. His fingers twisted the corner of a throw pillow while he talked.
"I've thought about that too, Jen. But I can't come up with anything. I did care about that girl you know. Maybe I didn't show it very well, but I did. I never wanted anything like this to happen to her."
He stared blankly at the television, still twisting the pillow end.
Just then a thought occurred to me. Thomas had no idea that Chris was no longer at the cabin. He wouldn't find me at home either. I was sure his next reaction would be to go out there, thinking he would find us both.
"No way. Will said to stay put. We can't just go running around out there without any protection."
I was frantic with worry now. I couldn't let another friend get hurt because of me.
"We have to warn him. He has no idea what's going on. They'll kill him if we don't do something!"
I began searching the room for my car keys when I realized I didn't have a car. William had driven us out here. And Chris didn't have a car either. And wouldn't you know it, my phone was dead. I hadn't charged it in two days.
"What do we do now?"

~ ~ ~

"They're close." Abbey had the keenest tracking sense among the pack. She was extremely quick as well. So far, none of the other members could keep up with her. She didn't have near their strength though but then again, she was still developing. She could hold her own when they were practicing defense and attack moves but there had never been an opportunity to prove her worth against another wereanimal.
"They've been through here. There's at least seven. Maybe more."
William stood, chest erect, eyes searching. The area was wooded but the leopard's path had crossed the adjacent road twice.
"I think they're trying to throw us off track. Everyone stay alert. Let's spread out but not too far. If you see anything, give the signal."
The pack, fifteen in total, made a wedge formation and followed the scent path cautiously, Abbey up front leading the way. William was to her left and fell back a bit. He allowed her to take control of the task at hand, hoping to build her confidence as an integral part of the wolves. It didn't take long before she had picked up the trail again and set forward in motion with a bit more haste. Her face revealed a determined and focused mindset. If there were leopards to be found, Abbey would locate them.
Malcolm and Penn brought up the rear at either side of the wedge. They were the two most physically powerful in the pack, next to William. There had been a time when Malcolm considered challenging Will. He was sure he could take him, well, almost sure. The fact that it would be a fight to the death sort of made the decision for him. He wasn't ready to die and even if he was victorious, would the rest of the pack submit?
They continued to follow Abbey's lead, all senses on the alert. They had been tracking for nearly two hours when she halted, nose to the ground. Her head swung left then right. She took a few steps in one direction, and then veered toward the opposite. She looked to the rear and back to the front again. Will slowly crept forward to join her.
"What's going on, Abbey? Are they close?"
She slowly looked around the area one more time before responding.
"I think this was a set-up. The trail ends here. In a huge...swirl. I don't really know how to describe it. Like they were moving, gathered here and then...vanished. I just don't get it."
Abbey was the best tracker William had come across. If she had lost the scent, they had meant for her to lose it.
"We gotta get back. Now!"

~ ~ ~

My face was mashed against the window, looking in all directions for any sign of movement. Other than the leaves rustling in the trees and the grass blowing on the ground, nothing stirred. You would think that under such pressure a guy would grow up, mature just a little bit, but noooo. Chris stood not two feet away from me, blowing his breath on the windowpane and drawing his name in the haze with his finger.
"Chris!"
"What? I was just..."
He wiped the product of child's play off with his shirtsleeve. There was a pickup parked in the drive not thirty yards from the front door. I wasn't sure but I think it was Malcolm's. There was a set of keys hanging in the foyer on a wooden peg.
"These gotta be it."
I quickly grabbed the key ring and shoved it into my jeans pocket. By the look on his face, I could tell he didn't want to do this.
"You sure it's a good idea? You know, with what Will said and all."
"It's a great idea. The only possible idea. And you're going with me. We're gonna find Thomas before they do, and everything will be just fine."
Although the words sounded good I'm sure my face didn't back it up. I was scared to death. Being mauled by a gigantic cat in the woods was not what I had in mind for the day.
The door made no sound as I slowly inched it open. We both peered through the small crack before opening it all the way. One step, then another, we gradually made our way down the footpath. Just about halfway there, I heard a noise from across the yard. Chris must have heard it too because we both took off running. He jumped into the driver's seat and I slammed the door on the passenger side. We sat there breathing hard, looking through the windows, wondering who it would get first.
"It would probably work better if you give me the keys."
The engine turned over and we were backing out of the drive. When we were finally moving down the road, I realized what we must have looked like running from the house like that. I started to giggle a little. When Chris joined in it turned into a full out laugh. Felt kinda good actually. I'd had a couple of strange and stressful days. I needed a release.
The plan was to go to the cabin first. If Thomas was there, his car would be on the roadside next to the woods. If not, we'd figure something out from there.
"I'm glad we're in this together, Jen. I'd be a little freaked out if you weren't there."
I was glad to hear that he wasn't taking everything as lightly as I had thought. Chris has always had a playful demeanor about him. I don't know why I expected anything different. He's just being Chris. My friend. Truth be told, I was kind of glad he was there too or I'd be freaked out. I couldn't think of anymore words. Instead, I reached over and patted his leg. I hoped that would be enough.
The sun had reached the treetops in preparation for the moonlight. There was still plenty of daylight if we had to walk to the cabin but coming back would be a bit different. Luckily, when we reached that area, Thomas' car was not there. We drove down the road to make sure he didn't overshoot his mark but there was no sign of him anywhere. Chris pulled to the side, leaving the engine running of course, and looked around.
"So what's next?"
I knew we couldn't just drive up to my house because Sherriff Mercer would surely have a car watching the place. Going by Thomas' would be a mistake as well. Shoot, even driving through town would be a risk. It's such a small place; someone would surely notice one of us.
"I don't know. I'm just not sure. We have to let him know we're okay and warn him to stay home. I would feel just awful if something were to happen to him.
In the end, we decided no one would recognize the truck and it would be dark soon anyway, so why not. A quick drive through town and a sweep by his house should be enough. If we didn't see him anywhere, we would just have to go back to the house and try to call him later. William would simply have to invest in a home phone like everyone else in the living world.
"Want some Mickey D's fries?"
It amazes me how Chris always thinks about food.
"No. And you don't either. We're gonna get this done and get back."
"You're not my mother you know."
But the look I gave him was motherly enough for him to get it.
We drove through the main thoroughfares before taking Hwy 278 W toward his house. No sign of him anywhere. I was itching to pass by my own house but conquered the urge. It was a long stretch before we finally got there. We didn't pull into the long drive, but from the road we could see that his car was parked and lights were on inside. Whew! Hopefully he would have the good sense to stay put.
From where we now were, we could take back roads that cut across to the lake. I hated those winding, country roads full of potholes. Especially as a passenger. I always get carsick.
"Take it easy on these curves or you're gonna get to see my dinner."
We were just about twenty minutes away when I saw it. Golden eyes flashed in front of the vehicle and disappeared so quickly that I wasn't even sure if that's what I saw. I could tell by the look on Chris' face that he saw it too. Fear swirled around in my stomach, overtaking the carsickness. I was not sure what type of animal wore those eyes so it wasn't quite time to panic yet.
"You're gonna have to suck it up, Jen. We gotta move."
He pressed the accelerator and the pickup roared. He took the curves as smoothly as expected. Years of growing up in the country does have its benefits. I held on to the arm rest with one hand and gripped the dash with the other. Having a wreck would only set the perfect scene for an attack.
"Just get us there alive."
He made a right at the last stop sign before heading down the long road to William's house. I inhaled and blew it out slowly. Just a few more minutes and we'd be back to safety. But I spoke too soon. We were on a straightway of dirt road when a line of gold flashed up ahead. Chris hit the brakes and I braced on the dash. Dirt and gravel swirled around the vehicle. We were sitting still when the dust settled. We both peered through the windshield at three extremely large leopards blocking the way in front of us. I thought my heart would pound through my ribs.
"What do we do now?"
Chris had no response. He just stared ahead at them. I didn't know what was going through his mind. He had already had an encounter with one of these cats and it wasn't good. Now there were three of them. There was no way we could overtake the animals.
"Can't we just drive through them? I mean, we're in a truck."
"You don't understand, Jen. These things aren't regular animals. They're strong. Stronger than anything you've ever seen."
A loud thud shook the vehicle as something landed in the bed. I spun around to find the largest wolf I had ever seen in my life. I don't know how he knew, but Chris got the message. We were going through them.
"Hold on tight!"
He hit the gas and the pickup lurched forward. We picked up speed by the time we reached the beasts but it was not enough. They leapt and spun quicker than I could follow. I heard growling and rumbling and the truck shook again. Chris kept driving.
"Keep going!" I shouted. "We've gotta make it to the house."
I turned around in my seat to get sight of what was going on behind us but the dust cloud was too great to see anything. The fight was still going on. Three cats and one dog. Not good odds. I was so frightened. And not just for us. I wasn't sure who the wolf was in human form but I knew at that moment it didn't matter. I had already become attached to them. I didn't want either of them to get hurt.
"We've gotta go back. We've gotta help him!"
I opened the glove box to find a deer knife in its sheath. I know. What in the world did I think I was gonna do with that? He hit the brakes again and we spun around. We reached the melee and without question, Chris grabbed the blade from me and jumped out. I didn't even have time to think. He ran straight for the first cat he could reach. He gripped the knife and lunged, forcing the blade directly into its side.
It was all pretty much a blur from that point. I heard screeches and howls, growling and snarling all around me. I quickly took the wheel and depressed the accelerator. I threw the gear shift in park and hit the ground running. Dust was churning all around. The leopard Chris had stabbed lay at his feet, dead. Apparently he's a good aim. When the horrible sounds ceased and the air settled, two felines lay dead and one alive but not moving. The wolf had killed one and the other suffered skin tears from his bite. Turns out, the pooch was Malcolm. He stood naked, blood running from the wounds he had incurred from the brawl. There was a large gash on his side.
"Gimme your t-shirt, Chris."
He didn't hesitate. I ripped it down the middle and tied a makeshift bandage around Malcolm's torso. He instructed me to bring the truck closer.
"We're taking this one with us."
He and Chris lifted together to get the large cat into the bed. They bound its paws with rope that was conveniently there. Malcolm rode in back to contain the animal in case it tried to escape. I pulled up to an outside shed near the house. They secured it inside and latched the door. We made it safely inside. The blood had already soaked the cloth around Malcolm's middle.
"Come on. Let's get you fixed up."
I led Malcolm to the bathroom down the hall. He was still naked, yes he was, so I had him step directly into the tub.
"It's gonna sting a bit."
The water showered down, washing the blood into the drain. I wasn't sure if it belonged to him or the other animal. He didn't cry out but his face tensed when I washed the wound. It wasn't as bad as it had seemed. Due to his were-ability, it had amazingly already begun to heal.
"It's really going to take some time to get used to this stuff."
Malcolm just looked at me. He had yet to say anything. I found some gauze and tape in the medicine cabinet and patched him up. Chris had brought some clothes for him to put on. We gave him some privacy to dress, even though I had already seen him in all his glory. Not bad I must say. Hope William can't read minds!

~ ~ ~

It was an ambush. The leopards knew that the pack would return once they figured it out so they had prepared. They greatly outnumbered the wolves and blocked the way back to the house. They were only a half-mile out. The pack halted and waited at alert for William's order. The cats filtered the woods for as far as they could see. They crouched low and began to encircle the pack. The wolves formed a circle of their own, facing outward toward the cats. There was no turning back now. William bared his teeth and gave the order. The fight was on.
Penn leapt first in attack. At that point, all the leopards darted inward to pounce on a wolf. Bodies slammed together and trees cracked with impact. Teeth ripped and tore at flesh. The sound of canine and feline fury was earsplitting. William quickly took down the leopard that had came at him and turned to find another waiting. Abbey dipped and darted, avoiding the slashes of gigantic claws. Penn tore into his opponent, leaving him lifeless, and jumped to the aid of Jonas who was currently battling two cats of his own. The two to one ratio dwindled down to a near fair fight as the wolves defeated their enemies. The leopards wisely realized they were not winning this battle and retreated into the cover of the woods. They were out of sight in lightning speed.
Penn quickly took inventory of the pack while William assessed the injuries. Two lay on the ground, unable to stand just yet. They would recover soon enough with their quick ability to heal. Only one of the crew had sustained a major wound.
"Will! Over here." Jonas, in human form, knelt beside the young female. Her neck had been torn open and her forearm was bent in odd placement with the bone protruding through the skin. She whimpered as he stroked her blood-soaked fur. Because of the extent of her injuries, she would not shift until the healing process was near completion.
Just then, Malcolm came running through the woods. He had sensed the brawl with his pack instincts.
"I've got my truck just outside the tree line. Let's get em out of here."
Jonas remained close to Holly, the injured wolf. He held her head in his lap while they took the ride in the bed of Malcolm's pickup. He had seen she was in trouble and tried to get to her but he was too late. The cat had swiftly overpowered her. Once there, he ripped the windpipe from its neck in one bite. His heart ached. If he had gotten there just five seconds earlier she would be all right. He had failed her.
I heard them pull up outside and hurried to the front door. Three of them were carrying Holly in their arms, blood still dripping from the wound on her neck. On each body there was scratches and blood. I couldn't tell if it was their own or the leopards. I frantically searched for William among the group. I spotted him still standing on the opposite side of the truck.
I immediately ran to him and threw my arms around his neck. His arms held tight to my waste. I could feel him tremble. He buried his face in my neck. I still wasn't sure if he had obtained any injuries himself. I pushed myself back to evaluate. I tugged his clothing aside and ran my hands across his body. Nothing. There was no sign of harm anywhere.
"Are you hurt? Is anything broken?" I was frantic with worry.
He quickly composed himself and shook his head.
"I'm fine."
I could tell he was deeply touched by the damage his pack had suffered. Any good leader would be, I suppose. I was able to empathize because of the situation I had led Chris into.
"This was too close to home. They knew where we were all along. It was a setup."
I didn't understand this entire situation.
"I don't get it. Why would they lure you away and then come here? What do they want?"
His golden eyes pierced mine.
"I think it's a matter of who they want."
He took my hand and led me into the house. Most everyone had dispersed throughout the house to get cleaned up. Chris sat on the couch with Abbey at his side. Malcolm and Penn were in the kitchen in deep discussion. William went to join them, and me, well I didn't have time to go anywhere. Abbey sprang from the couch and flung herself around me. Though I appreciate a good hug, she almost squeezed the breath out of me.
"OMG, Jenson! It was awesome! So intense. And William, damn, William is amazing!"
I was a little taken aback by her excitement. I would have expected tears or something from a girl but she seemed actually giddy.
"He took on half of them by himself. He's got mad skills, girlfriend!"
The room was buzzing with conversation. The atmosphere felt almost like a celebration or something. I really gotta get some inside info on this werewolf stuff. I remember being scared to death and these people were acting like it was a party. I mean, what is going on here!
I went toward the kitchen and stopped short when I overheard Penn.
"It wouldn't have gone down like this if they had just stayed in the house like you told them."
His face was angered.
"What are you saying? This was my fault?"
I was flabbergasted. How could he possibly be blaming me for this crazy crap? I'm not the animal here. I don't go around biting and scratching people. Then William stepped in.
"Nobody's blaming you, Jen. Go back in there. I've got this."
Go back in there! I've got this! With hands on hips I retorted.
"I'm not one of your little puppies you know. Don't order me around like that."
That probably wasn't the best choice of words at the moment because Malcolm spoke up and he had generally kept his opinion out of my earshot up to this point.
"Girlfriend or not, you do not disrespect him."
The three stood motionless for what seemed like forever. I tried to stand my ground and stare them down but they won. I simply cowered back toward the living room where I belonged. For the time being anyway. There was a long conversation somewhere in our near future. Having an alpha wolf boyfriend isn't easy. Matter of fact, I had no idea what I had gotten myself into. Maybe it would be best to remove myself while I still can. If that's even possible.
Chapter 11

Officer Howard could not seem to erase the embedded memory of the look on Mrs. Gray's face. She sat looking at countless computer images of the young face that was brutally murdered. Chelsea had been a popular girl in high school and college. She had maintained an extensive Facebook account containing hundreds of pictures taken in her everyday life. She scrolled through each one, carefully memorizing the faces of specific friends that appeared several times, Chris Reynolds being the most frequent. It was well known that he was her current boyfriend so she wasn't alarmed by that fact. The one that caught her attention was the latest folder posted. It contained more than a few appearances of an unknown young man.
The more she studied these photographs, the more she recognized the signs of intimacy. Flirtatious looks or a slight touch of the hand. In others, he could be seen in the background, eyes locked on Chelsea while she posed with someone else. Never once was Chris a part of these particular photos.
She closed the program and turned off her computer. Extra hours at work were not necessarily on the clock; not to mention the fact the Sherriff Mercer had made it clear that she was not assigned to this case. But she couldn't let it go. Something was nagging in the back of her mind. This wasn't just an ordinary murder. Something strange was going on here and she was determined to find out just what that something is. And if solving the case landed her a promotion, then all the better for her. She flipped off the lamplight and headed home.
Being new on the squad did not afford her a luxury ride. She owned a late model Ford Focus, red in color. Not the typical cop's car but it would do for now. She pulled the seatbelt across her chest and put the gear shift in reverse. As she slowly backed, she noticed Mercer casually leaning against the wall, smoking a cigar. When their eyes met, he dropped the stub on the ground and stamped it with his boot, then spit, for effect she supposed. It was obvious he did not like her and would prevent her success. No woman would ever outshine one of his male officers. Of this she was certain.
Officer Howard, Madison, went home with the intention of cooking dinner, watching a movie, and falling asleep early. During the process, her mind kept wandering back to the case. That young, innocent girl slaughtered for no apparent reason. There always had to be a reason. She simply did not know what it was at this point. She grabbed a pad and pencil and started jotting down a 'to do' list. First on the list, go over the evidence already at hand and find what had been missed. There had to be a little something that was overlooked. Second on the list, find the unknown guy in the pictures. It was just a hunch but she thought that somehow he had to be connected. Third, find out where Chris Reynolds and Jenson Bennett had disappeared to. The word had been put out to bring them in if either one was seen. Not only that, but there was a car posted as lookout near both houses twenty-four hours a day.
Sleep finally came but allowed for only five hours of rest. A quick shower and dressed in her crisply ironed uniform and polished boots. The short haircut was easy. A little gel, swoosh it around with the fingers and ready to rock. She grabbed a banana on the way out and hit the road. She would have to be sneaky and nose around between her regular duties. After all, she still had her womanly typing and phone answering to do. Gotta love the Neanderthal way of thinking in a small southern town. Guess some things never change.
"Hey, Howard! Why don't you make some coffee?"
She walked in to the usual setting. The clerk was at the front desk, keeping herself busy with a flirty conversation on the phone. The 'guys' were keeping themselves busy by going over the latest gossip in town. They say women are bad but men are definitely worse, hands down.
"You shoulda seen her, man. That little dress was so short I didn't even have to imagine!"
A burst of laughter filled the room. Officer Howard just shook her head and tried to stay focused on the task at hand. Making coffee.
"Three months at the academy and they never once prepared me for this crap."
She mumbled grudgingly under her breath. Any backtalk would only land her in the hot seat again. Seemed as though she had a standing invitation to her superior's office. She was still the new guy and the new guy always gets crapped on. Soon enough she would prove herself as a worthy officer and all the jokes and taunting would end. At least that was the positive outlook she tried to maintain. She returned to her desk and began the daily morning reports left over from the night shift officers.
"You're just better at things like that than they are. It comes natural for you."
That was the excuse she got when the first stack landed on her desk. When she walked into the second, and then the third, she got the picture. She didn't mind too much on this day though. It would allow a cover for the digging she had planned. She booted up her computer and signed on. She began by putting information on relevant forms, hit save and send. After two or three were complete, she noticed that the other officers and detectives had dispersed around the room. Perfect chance.
She went to the intranet web page that housed data on evidence. Double click Chelsea Gray. The reports were there on each item retrieved from the scene, lab results still pending. What little had been left of her clothing was still being held at the county morgue. That was an interesting piece of information. She might just have to take a little trip during her lunch break. She recognized the age-long scent of Old Spice and quickly closed out of the program before Sherriff Mercer sauntered up behind her.
"I gotta be out of the office for most of the day, Howard. I expect you can hold the fort down while I'm gone?"
The stench of chewing tobacco filled her nostrils with every breath.
"No problem, sir. Anything going on I need to know about?"
She knew her inquiry was futile.
"Nothing you need to worry about."
He patted her shoulder and walked away. She hated it when he did that.
"I should've gone into investment banking." Again she spoke under her breath.
The room had pretty much emptied. One guy was in the back, feet propped on his desk, engaged in a conversation on his cell phone. Another was buried in his computer screen, probably checking out his own Facebook account. She couldn't have asked for a luckier break. When the boss is away, the boys will play.
She finished up the night's reports. Seems as though the most fascinating thing to happen during the night was a drunk driver trying to pump gas at the Shell station. Because he was not actually driving his car, they could only arrest him for public intoxication. She logged off and headed out.
"I'm going to lunch."
The front clerk gave her a smirk in which she tried to pull off as a smile. Apparently she didn't like the idea of another female in her territory. Wouldn't be any sleep lost there. Outside was a hot, humid day. The sun glared from overhead and there was absolutely no breeze to be found. Thankfully the air conditioner in the Ford turned ice cold right away. The radio crooned a country-western love song, which she found very soothing. The banging of drums and the groan of an electric guitar was never her cup of tea.
She was hoping that most of the people employed at the morgue would be taking lunch as well. The fewer eyes that saw her, the better. Walking into the building, the only thing that greeted her was an unmanned sliding glass window. To the left, a hallway that led to a set of swinging doors. She pressed her face against the window in attempt to find another human being. There was no bell or buzzer so her next option was to slide one of the windows. Bingo. No lock.
"Hello!"
There was scrambling in the back somewhere and a man emerged wearing a white lab coat and latex gloves.
"Sorry, officer. Everyone's gone to lunch. Something I can help you with?"
He was actually much younger than she had expected. Must be a lab tech.
"I'm Officer Howard. I need to review the evidence on Chelsea Gray."
His eyes widened just enough to notice. He removed the gloves and put a squirt of anti-bacterial gel in his palms, vigorously rubbing his hands together.
"I don't know if that's possible. That case is still ongoing and classified."
She had to think quickly.
"I don't want to get you into any trouble. But my supervisor assigned me to this case and if I don't have something to bring back to him, he's gonna be pissed. I would really appreciate anything. I promise it won't take long."
She flashed her best 'you're a cutie' smile, hoping to lure him in. It worked!
"They'll be back in about fifteen minutes. Think you can be out by then?"
She assured him that they would never know she had been there. She stepped through the double doors and was led into a fairly good-sized room on the left. He pulled a box from its cubby and placed it on the table.
"Just holler when you're done and I'll put it back."
This was easier than she had expected. The cougar era is great! Inside she found several clear baggies. The first one she picked up contained a small piece of chain that presumably belonged to a section of jewelry that Chelsea had been wearing. In the next she found pieces of hair marked with the girl's name. In another was a bloody, tattered cloth marked as her clothing. Not much to go on. She would have to find the examiner's reports to learn anything here. Then again, at a closer look, she noticed a single hair attached to one piece of cloth. She took a quick peek out in the hallway to make sure no one was around. She removed a pair of tweezers from her purse and a baggy of her own. (Not that she had pre-planned removing any items!) She then hurried to tweeze the hair and drop it in her bag, slipping it into her breast pocket and fastening the flap.
"I'm done in here! You got it?"
"Ya, don't worry. Just leave everything and I'll put it away."
She scurried to the car and got moving before anyone had the chance to stop her. As she was pulling out, a couple of other cars had pulled in depositing a few girls wearing scrubs. They appeared oblivious to Madison's departure, giggling and carrying their to-go plates inside. Thankfully she had got away unnoticed.
She kept the baggy in her pocket the rest of the day while at work, touching it periodically to ensure it was still there. This could be the breaking point she was looking for. It was hard to concentrate on anything else. She finally gave up and decided to call it a day. Sherriff Mercer had not made it back in at this point. No one seemed to know anything about his whereabouts. She figured she'd just take the tongue lashing tomorrow. Right now, a visit to an old friend was more important.
Before making the decision to become a police officer, Madison attended college in Birmingham. Expecting to enter into the medical field, she took prerequisite classes where others had the same intent. One would prove helpful to her now. Ben Sherlock was in her Bio II class and would end up working in the UAB research department as a lab tech. Such an ironic name. He had been the nerdy type so she attached herself to him in order to make it through the course, actually learning the stuff with his help. Turned out to be a good decision.
"OMG, Maddie! I've missed you girlfriend."
Ben rushed her before she even made it through the door, arms stretching around her in a bear hug. He was quite affectionate for a guy. She often questioned his sexuality but never confronted him about it. Who cares anyway, right?
"Me too. We gotta get together soon."
After explaining her reason for this particular visit, he took the baggy and promised a quick response. He would find out who the hair belonged to without a doubt. It was a short reunion. She left, giving her word that they would go out for drinks as soon as she closed this case. He, of course, had way too many questions. Ones that required information that she was unable to divulge.
"Come on, Maddie. You know me. I won't tell anybody."
That was a load of crap. He was the biggest gossip she had ever met in her life. Anything she told him would surely appear in the New York Times! Well, that's a little drastic but you get the point.
"After this is over, I promise to tell you everything."
He pouted but that was the best she could do. The little Ford took her back up I-65 in record time, and without a traffic ticket. A little more research on line may uncover this mystery man in Chelsea's life.

~ ~ ~

There was still murmuring amongst those in the room. Holly had been taken elsewhere in the house, Jonas remaining by her side. The three dominate males had concluded their conversation, for the time being, and joined those in the living room. William gave his directives.
"Abbey, take five with you and dispose of the dead. Malcolm's with me."
Abbey took Penn and four more, leaving without question. Malcolm followed William outside to the shed where the imprisoned cat was being held. I wanted to trail behind them but, truth be told, I was a bit intimidated. He had put me in my place before and I hadn't forgotten that. This was a new sensation for me because, in the past, I would never let a man control me. Somehow this situation felt different. Bold as I am, this probably wasn't the best time to show it. I wasn't quiet sure if Malcolm would truly take a bite out of me.
"I thought it would give us something to negotiate with."
Malcolm held his head with confidence even though he knew William was displeased. He had made a spur of the moment decision and was sticking with it.
"This could create a war you know. Our bylaws prevent the abduction of another shifter. In this particular situation, I'm not so sure it applies. Let's see what we got."
The hinged door creaked as Malcolm pulled it open. Inside was dark until he flipped the light switch. Huddled in the corner was a naked male, bound at the wrists and ankles, secured to a metal ring bolted to the floor. I don't know what would require such a setup but, again, I don't know much about anything that's going on here.
William moved in to get a closer look, shutting the door behind them.
"What's your name?"
The man modified his position, crouching as if to pounce if he had not been tied up. He glared at them both through frightened eyes. William observed the battle wounds that had healed near to unnoticeable. What had been their motive? Who were they after?
"What constituency are you from?"
The guy refused to speak. He simply glared.
"The longer you remain quiet, the longer you remain here."
Still nothing.
"Look you piece of shit," Malcolm was not so calm, "you're wearing my patience!"
He flinched just a bit at Malcolm's outburst. Obviously not a dominant.
"They will come for me. You'll never defeat them."
Malcolm was on top of the man before William could stop him. He grabbed him by the scruff and pulled him off.
"Now, now. No need to prove your strength to this feline. He'll smarten up soon enough."
They left him to ponder his own situation for a while. Also, they had to plan a strategy. Chris was manhandling a PlayStation controller on the couch and I was sitting on a bar stool at the kitchen counter when they returned. Malcolm disappeared down the hall and my gorgeous piece of man crept up behind me, placing his arms gently around my middle. I immediately melted as usual.
"Sorry I snapped at you earlier. It's been an intense day. I apologize."
Well, that just blew every idea I had about letting him have what for. His behavior was simply unacceptable, til now. Butter. I allowed him to nestle my neck, enjoying the warmth of his body pressed against my back.
"Would you permit me the honor of joining me outside?"
He led me through the door, hand softly placed in the center of my back. It was dark now and the crickets were singing. A few fireflies darted here and there. We sat together on an extra wide chaise lounge facing the water. It sparkled so beautifully in the moonlight. As did William's eyes. He glanced around the grounds, trying to be unobvious, I think. Seemed as though he was always on alert these days. Maybe I just notice more since I've been made aware of certain things. He really is hot. Have I mentioned that lately? I meld my body into his and took pleasure in the calmness.
"I'm sure you have many questions. And I'm sure I owe you an explanation."
I kept my mouth shut and let him talk. Not an easy thing for me to do.
"This has all got to be a bit overwhelming. I wish I could make it easier but I don't know how. The best I can do is to try to fill in the blanks."
When he finished telling the story, I sat quietly gathering my thoughts. I should have known they weren't the only ones of their kind in existence. They were just a small pack in reality. Part of a larger family of werewolves. He had been sent here to keep an eye out on this part of the territory. A territory that stretched from here to Kentucky and west to the other side of Mississippi. He had not inherited the house; it was sort of like headquarters. And the outdoors store would be a front for the human aspect of things. He never mentioned how they were so financially well-to-do and I didn't think I wanted to know.
The leopards were enemies. They generally kept their distance from one another so this sudden raid to our area meant something was up. Could have figured that one out on my own since the little brawl down the road. They had gone to great lengths to keep their identity hidden from the human world in order to protect their ancestry. Now, with this careless display of shape-shifting slaughter, the werewolf identity was threatened.
There had been a time, many years ago, when their ancestors told tales of shifting and how they were said to be descendents of the wolf. It was an honor to bear a child with the 'ability' and even more an honor to be that child. As time went on, the tales became just that, stories. Because so many shifters had relationships outside of their race, maintaining a pure bloodline had brought the wolves to near extinction. It had just been the last couple of generations to try to restore purity and rebuild the wolf clan.
"I'm going to assume that wolves and leopards are not the only kind of shifters in existence. Don't answer that."
I caught him before he could speak.
"I just don't think I can handle much more right now."
He tried to make it sound simple. I suppose to him it was. They had learned to coexist among one another so long as no other 'species' tried to overtake another, or brought attention to the human world. In this case, the latter applied. Such an overt display of attack was completely intolerable. And now they had harmed a member of his pack. Revenge was the stronger emotion to keep in check.
"Aren't you breaking some kind of rule by dating me? I can feel the tension from some of the guys." 
William put an arm around me and pulled me closer.
"I don't know how to answer that. There are certain things expected of me as Alpha male as well as a purebred. I have difficult decisions to make but I feel that I am capable of making the best choices. I have to be honest, I'm almost afraid to tell you everything. I don't want to lose you."
It felt so damned good being next to him, I couldn't think of anything that would make me want to leave. Then it hit me. He's a purebred. He is expected to carry on the bloodline. I could never provide that. He must have sensed my realization because he whispered in my ear.
"I'll figure this out, Jen. Trust me."
That would be another bridge to cross when we come to it. Right now, I had to focus on the problem at hand. Chris. He was in trouble and I needed to know that he would be okay. Whatever kind of territorial issue was going on, well that just wasn't my problem. William could handle all that. Clearing Chris' name would be my focus tomorrow. Being wrapped in William's arms prevented any worry. My big, strong puppy man!
I'm not sure how long we stayed like that. I always get lost in time when I'm with William. Abbey approached quietly, wanting not to interrupt but had no choice.
"It was kinda strange, William. We were in the exact spot. But there was absolutely no sign of any disorder. No bodies. Not even the landscape had been disturbed."
No response.
"I think they came for their dead. I think they cleaned it up too."
The silence made me wonder what was going through his mind. It didn't seem to affect Abbey. She patiently waited.
"I trust your judgment, Abbey. And I think you're correct that they covered up the scene. That's why you're my Alpha female. Well done."
She stepped away just as quietly as she came. I think I even saw a hint of a smile. In their world, she had good reason. Males are always dominant. Always. Wow, this was definitely going to be an adjustment.
"So what happens now? Tonight?"
I had experienced enough excitement for one day. I would have loved to stay there, right where we were, in his arms forever. I figure that wasn't going to happen. We hadn't had a minute of peace together since this all started. I wanted to make us normal. You would think there could be a happy medium somewhere.
"I'm going to check on Holly. Post some guys around the area for the night. When I get back, I will devote my entire attention to you. I promise."
It sounded perfect but I wasn't that naive.
"Be careful what you promise. I always expect a follow-thru."
He squeezed me tight then gently touched his lips to mine. My goodness! Is there no way to control that little tingle, you know, down there?
Holly was resting soundly with Jonas by her side. Her arm had been set and the wound on her neck cleaned and bandaged. All we could do now was wait. Chris was in the living room being entertained by Abbey. She sat real close and giggled at everything he said. It was really pretty gross but hey, who am I to judge? Penn and Malcolm chose squads to alternate patrol throughout the night. Whatever the leopards had planned, we would be ready for them. I just thought of something. When did this become a 'we' thing?
Once everything had calmed down and William knew that everyone was in place, he approached Chris with stern eyes. For a second I don't think I took a breath. He reached out his hand in gesture.
"I would like to thank you for your bravery. It is my understanding that you put your life in danger to help Malcolm. Once again, you have proven your loyalty to my pack. It is now our duty to protect you. It is my honor to have you here."
He then gently took my hand and led me to another portion of the house, leaving Chris with a big tasteless grin. We took a staircase down to a quiet room. There was an oversized sectional sofa and a big screen TV. In the corner was a small wet bar and on the other side of the room, a stereo system. From the universal remote, he programmed soft music and dimmed the lighting just enough to see each other. Was he trying to seduce me? God I hope so!
He took my face into his hands and kissed me. Now, this was no ordinary kiss. His lips radiated heat and passion. My arms embraced him and I returned his kiss in full. In just that moment I thought I would burst with desire for him. Knowing now what he is, I wondered silently if he had some kind of power or something that could draw me in. Like a real-life animal magnetism. Whatever it was, I couldn't stop myself. Nor did I want to.
I don't know when it happened but we ended up wrapped around each other on the floor. He lifted himself from me and removed his shirt, all in one motion. Damn! The muscles were so very well defined. I think I gasped out loud. I had never wanted a man so badly in my life than at that very moment. He watched me. Studied my face. It was as if he were reluctant to touch me. I suddenly felt very self-conscious. Had he finally seen me as I do in my mirror? Maybe I wasn't so desirable after all. Maybe he was having second thoughts. Why does sex have to be so complicated? He moved close and spoke tenderly.
"I don't want to hurt you. Physically, I mean."
I wasn't quite sure what he meant. I wasn't a virgin. I'm sure he knew that. Then I realized what was going on. He's an animal. In the true sense of the word.
"I desire you so greatly. I'm afraid I cannot control myself."
Wow. What exactly was going to happen here? Surely he wouldn't rip my flesh to pieces, right? Hmm. I looked into his eyes and saw hurt. Making love to someone you care about should never feel that way. It's supposed to be a beautiful thing. I touched him soothingly on the arm and looked deep into those eyes.
"Slowly, William. With human passion. I trust you."
I wish I could give details of what happened next but I can't. The stimulation between us escalated to a level I had never experienced. I was ready, so ready for him. Just as I was sure he would join me, a low groaning from deep within his throat emerged. My eyes quickly opened, as did his. The groan became a shallow growl. He leapt from atop my body and backed to the other side of the room. What just happened?
"William, it's okay."
I held up my hands in hopes of calming him.
"Stay over there, Jen. I mean it. Just give me a minute."
Sweat was beading on his brow now. I could see his chest heaving. He turned his back to me and placed his forehead on the wall in effort to control his breathing. (Nice tushie) I felt like I should go to him. Comfort him. But he asked me to stay put. I'm really getting better at this! When he turned back, his eyes and breath were normal. Normal for him anyway.
"I'm sorry. I tried. It will take me some time to get use to this."
And I thought I was the one that had to get use to things. Apparently this was a new situation for him as well. I never looked at it that way. Kind of selfish now that I think about it. William had never been with a human female before. Now it was time for my comforting. When I began to move forward, he held up his hands to halt me.
"You might want to put your shirt back on first."
I actually chuckled at that one. Maybe I really was desirable. Nothing says more than a simple hug. And that's just what we did. It was warm, soft and caring. I knew then that this was the man I truly wanted to be with. Whatever the problems, we could work them out. I think he understood without hearing the words. He kissed me once more before he dressed. Guess we would have to pick this one up another time.
I slept like a baby in his arms. We awoke on the couch, my head resting on his chest. When I realized where I was, a huge smile appeared on my face. I squeezed him close and breathed. Apparently we had made it through the night without any issues.
"Everyone is here. It was a quiet night."
I sat up and smoothed my hair, knowing I must look like the wicked witch. Toothpaste would be even better.
"How do you know? Oh no, did someone come in here and see me like this?"
He gave a little snicker.
"No. I can sense them."
"Really?" I was surprised. "Can they sense each other?"
"Not in the same way. They sense me as their pack leader. They sense one another as another werewolf. But not individually."
This became more and more amazing every day.
"Do they know what you are feeling? What you are doing?"
He kissed me lightly on the cheek.
"Not to worry, my love. They have no idea what happened here last night."
I'm sure my face turned crimson at the memory. It had gotten pretty intense at one point. My stomach fluttered in delight just thinking about it. One good thing about being in a house full of shapeshifters, there is plenty of clothing. I was able to shower in William's private bathroom and put on a fresh outfit as well.
We made our appearance together. The usual crew was buzzing around the common room. I was beginning to feel more relaxed around them. It was like having a really big family under one roof at all times. Abbey called from the kitchen.
"Hey, lovebirds! Breakfast is ready."
Her smile was radiant. More so than usual, if that was possible. Then I noticed Chris sitting at the counter, stuffing his face of course. He held up a biscuit, acknowledging us, without taking one second away from the tedious chore of chewing. Then it hit me. They did it! Him and Abbey. Together! What was he thinking?
I abruptly marched over to his side and turned him around by the arm.
"Hey! Watch the food chick."
The scowl on my face should have said it all.
"What are you doing?"
"Eating. What's wrong with you?"
I looked at Abbey, then back at him, then back at Abbey. Guys are so stupid.
"Oooh. You think that she and I...that we..."
He broke out into a loud laugh.
"Don't worry, Jen. Nothing happened." Then he thought about it. "Wait a minute. You guys did your thing back there. What's it to you what we did? You jealous?"
Again, I'm sure my crimson face was glowing. And when he put it that way, what could I say? But we didn't actually do it. And according to him, neither did they. Even so, he's a big boy. He can make his own decisions. Why should it be a big deal to me? Was I jealous? No. Not at all. Was I?
I noticed William had obviously not been paying attention. The questioning look on his face told me I would have some explaining to do later. Wasn't looking forward to that one. No getting around the embarrassing situation I had placed myself in. So, do what comes next, ignore that it happened. I grabbed a plate and started munching. Maybe if I filled my mouth with food, I couldn't fill it with my foot.

~ ~ ~

Sherriff Mercer entered the workplace a bit later than usual. All heads turned in his direction. He avoided all eyes and continued on to his office, closing the door quietly behind him. Officer Howard never looked up from her desk. She had a perceptible radar for Old Spice. She had already made it halfway through the nightly reports by then and was looking for an opportunity to do some web searching. Luckily, her desk faced the squad room so when a person walked by, the screen was in the opposite direction.
Returning to Chelsea's Facebook page and searching through hundreds of pictures reminded Howard of her younger college days. Many friends and lots of beer. Many social outings and get-togethers. Not a care in the world other than making those oh so necessary passing grades. Attending class with a hangover was nothing out of the ordinary. It appeared that she had the normal coed lifestyle, equipped with the normal coed boyfriend. Putting things together, it was clear that Chris was not a student and wasn't always present.
The unknown face from the last folder seemed to materialize from nowhere. He was just suddenly there. He smiled when the camera said cheese. He mingled with her friends. But there was also an air of possessiveness about him. The way he kept an eye on her at all times was eerie. And he was always within reach or close to it anyway.
She was able to get names by clicking on the 'friends' pages. Interesting how people are willing to make their personal information available to absolutely anyone who wants to take a look. She would spend the rest of the afternoon making phone calls to some of the girls pictured. Maybe they would know who the mystery man is.
Just then, Mercer stormed from his office and headed straight for Howard's desk.
"Thanks to you, Howard, I've got this crazy woman screaming at me through the phone. You made the promises. You keep them!"
Mr. big man boss seemed a bit on edge today.
"What would you have me do, sir?"
She tried to be as professional as possible considering his current mood.
"Get on the phone and tell her something. Anything! I don't care. Just fix it!"
One last shot.
"Are you officially putting me on the case, sir?"
The door slammed behind him. She supposed that was a yes. It took all she had to control the grin that was fighting to cover her face. He needed her and was pissed off because he needed her. What comes around, right? She wasn't able to reach all the girls but the ones she did contact were more than willing to share what they knew.
"Ya, it was really strange. She had this awesome boyfriend, really hot, and then all of a sudden there was this guy. He just seemed to always be there."
Most had the same kind of stuff to say.
"He was cute but a real weirdo. I couldn't figure out what she saw in him. I mean, really. She had a gorgeous boyfriend already and then this guy shows up."
She got the picture. Chris Reynolds had all the young girls dreaming about him. Chelsea had the boyfriend that everyone wanted yet she started spending time with this other guy. The only name she could get was Darius. No one knew where he came from or how she met him. They all were in agreement that he was a strange sort. Probably not from around here. It wasn't much to go on. No information to research. No leads to follow up on. She would pick this up again when she had more time. Right now, there was a grieving mother to console.
A phone call would not be the proper thing to do. She chose to make the drive out to the Gray's home. She thought about bringing flowers but that would just be tacky. Maybe a cake or pastry from the bakery? That didn't even seem correct. Maybe just some positive words from someone who was dedicated to finding Chelsea's murderer would be enough. She pulled into the driveway noticing that theirs was the only car parked. Nobody had opened the door yet so maybe they had not seen her arrive. A medium rap on the front door and Mr. Gray appeared.
He allowed her into their home, however welcoming it may be. She tried to relax and still maintain her professionalism. The tension in the room was immense. It was up to her to break the silence. As soon as she spoke Chelsea's name, Mrs. Gray broke down. She wept against her husband while Officer Howard spoke.
"I cannot begin to imagine how difficult this must be for you. I can't speak as a mother but I can speak as a law enforcement officer. I have been assigned to your daughter's case and promise to do everything possible to find her killer."
Mr. Gray remained stern faced.
"If you could just tell us something. Anything. Is there any progress?"
She hesitated in the slightest, ensuring not to give false hope.
"I may have found a new piece of evidence. A friend in Birmingham who owes me a favor is helping out. As soon as I have something solid, I will personally contact you."
She left feeling better about herself. At least now the Gray's could have temporary peace of mind. Though she knew that if it took too long, they would again return to Sherriff Mercer's ear. She would avoid that at all cost. Another butt chewing was not on her list of priorities. Finding a killer was her only objective.

~ ~ ~

William called a meeting of the entire pack. Everyone I had met at the lake was there, as well as a few new faces. Chris and I sat in the corner trying to remain unobvious. It wasn't working so well. I could feel their eyes. Sense the tension. I tried to tell myself that it was the situation and not me that they were angry at. After all, hadn't we all gotten along pretty good that day? Maybe they were rethinking this human girlfriend thing. Apparently, it was causing pack problems that had not existed before I came along.
Chris didn't seem too put out by the growing count. His only concern was catching a glimpse of Abbey as she swished throughout the room. Maybe that was too strong a word. She wasn't trying to swish. She just had that natural femininity about her. Wow. I really must be jealous. Abbey had been nothing but nice to me. If I would just calm down and recognize, she and I would probably become very friendly with one another. Maybe she could end up being that best friend that I was surely going to need.
Things had gotten so out of hand. I used to have a normal life. Good friends, family, and a big fat cat that loved me. Reminded of my parents, I had to figure out a way to see them. They would be worried sick if they didn't hear from me soon. And I still had to replace that stupid ticking clock in their house! I cautiously approached William knowing he would not agree.
"I have to go for a little while. Will Chris be okay here?"
I sensed an expression change in the slightest. He placed a hand on my back and led me outside.
"You can't leave, Jen. We're not sure what the leopards are planning. It's not safe."
I had gone over this conversation in my mind before presenting it to him. I knew he was not going to be easily persuaded.
"I cannot put my life on hold, William. I have a house to tend and my parents are probably going nuts wondering where I am. I'll be fine. It's daytime. Surely they won't be that stupid."
It wasn't easy for him, I could tell, but in the end he agreed. Because I hadn't driven my own car, I had no transportation. He sent a driver to return me home and check out the area before leaving me on my own. I thanked him for everything and locked the doors. The inside of my house smelled stale and stuffy. I wanted to open all the windows and let the breeze take it away but decided that probably wasn't a good idea. No sense in giving an invitation to an unwanted visitor.
My first priority, a long hot shower and shave all body parts that I had neglected over these few days. The water felt luxurious running over my body. I had installed a pulsating shower head when I first moved in. One of the best investments I ever made. I pulled on shorts and a t-shirt and started on the kitchen. You'd be surprised how dirty an empty house can get. I realize I haven't been gone a super long time but I missed my little house after a few days.
I dug the vacuum cleaner out of the hall closet and plugged in. I always hated the noise from those things. Hobo does too. He quickly disappears as soon as he sees it. Its soooo funny watching him run away scared with the fat dangling at his underneath. As I was pushing the overweight machine around, I noticed something else I hadn't realized I was missing. My book! It was laying on the end table with a book mark sticking out the top right where I had left it. Maybe I would have to make a small change in plans.
My cell phone had been charging since I arrived so I decided I better check in with the parents. After going through all the 'I'm sorries', I was finally able to convince them that I'm okay and would see them soon. The mentioning of a new beau was a mistake. My dad had a million questions that I simply couldn't answer. I think it might be time to introduce my wolfman to them. That way they would feel better about him and stop worrying. Ya, right. I think parents were created to drive us crazy.
I was in dire need of a trip to Wal-Mart. Ever since they presented us with the supercenter I really had no need to go anywhere else. One stop shopping they call it. What a concept. Except for sneakers of course. I'm a Nike girl til the death! And why spend $300 on a purse when you can get a perfectly good lookalike for $20? I never have been much of a shopper anyway. It annoys me to spend all day running around to different stores, fighting the crowds and never finding anything I wanted in the first place. Completely wears me out.
My car was sweltering so I decided to let it run for a minute while the air conditioner got cold. In the meantime, another car was slowly driving down my street. When the little Ford pulled into my drive, I felt a knot in the pit of my stomach. A woman stepped out and introduced herself as Officer Howard. Guess I should have seen this coming but for some reason I wasn't prepared. I'm sure the look on my face showed it. Hope it wasn't rude but I didn't invite her inside, though my southern upbringing required me to remain polite.
"If it's not too much of an inconvenience, I would like to ask you a few questions."
Well, a polite cop. That's a new one. Gotta give her credit there. Okay, I couldn't be a complete bitch. I turned off the engine and we sat on the front porch. My conscience was telling me to offer her something to drink but I just couldn't do it. I know she's not the enemy but I had to be very careful around these people. 
"Were you friends with Chelsea Gray?"
I answered cautiously.
"I knew her. She was dating a friend of mine. We weren't close or anything though."
I'm sure I was fidgeting a little too much. But this made me uncomfortable. I was afraid I would say something to incriminate Chris.
"When was the last time you saw her?"
"It's been a while. She only came to town between semesters. I always envied her for having a career goal. Wish I had that initiative."
I kind of chuckled in embarrassment. Admitting I have no plan in life seemed immature.
"When did you last have contact with Chris Reynolds?"
Here we go.
"There was a party by the lake one night. A couple of weeks ago. He was there. And he came by my house a few days later. That's the last time we talked. My friends accuse me of neglecting them."
"The party when the young man was attacked?"
She was definitely on top of things.
"Yes. That's the one. Did they ever find the animal that did that?"
Officer Howard looked up from her notes.
"Animal? It was my understanding that there was some kind of fight."
"Is that what they're saying? I didn't figure they would listen to us. They never do."
I could tell that she was disturbed by this information.
"So, you're saying there was no fight. That an animal attacked him?"
"That's exactly what I'm saying. We were all having a good time. Nobody fought."
I was ready for this woman to leave.
"Just one more question. Did you know any of Chelsea's friends from school?"
"Not at all. She never brought any of them around here."
Apparently I had satisfied her curiosity for the moment. She left but I knew it wouldn't be the last time we would talk. I sensed something different about her though. She listened. Really listened. She didn't treat me as the other officers had. Though I like her personality, I had the sneaking feeling that she would make it her mission to get to the bottom of this mess.
After standing in the checkout line for what seemed like thirty minutes, I stopped to fill the gas tank. I decided I was not going to get stuck at William's again without transportation. Then I made a drive-thru purchase and returned home. Oh ya, I picked up a digital clock for my mother. The greasy burger and fries were a blessing. Not that I had been undernourished or anything. It's just that a girl needs some unhealthy food every now and again.
I packed a bag with a few changes of clothes and some bathroom stuff before settling down with my book. I deserved a minute or two of relaxation. I poured myself a cold glass of sweet tea and stretched out on the couch. Before long, I was taking a journey into fantasy world again. Just what I needed. The sunlight was fading in the room, drawing weary eyes. It didn't take long before the quiet sucked me into dreamland. I know it's this couch. Does it to me every time.
I don't know how long I had been asleep. I awoke to the sound of scratching. On a window, on a door, I don't know. I wondered at first if I had simply dreamed it. I waited, and there it was. Coming from the kitchen. I still hadn't turned on any lights so the house was relatively dark. Good thing I knew my way around so well. If something was out there, I certainly didn't want it to know I was inside. I traced my hand along the countertop to guide my way. There was a small window above the sink and another window on the back door. I couldn't move the curtain unless I wanted to give myself away. There was a small space that I could see out of but it limited my line of sight.
You know, I was never before scared of the dark or bumps in the night. Since William came into my life, those minor sounds have turned into danger. I'm just not cut out for this. I'm a simple girl. This type of excitement really isn't necessary. At all. I didn't recognize I was holding my breath until I felt the need to gasp. Once I had that under control I tried to think with a clear head. Why does this crap always happen at night? William would surely say "I told you so". Maybe I should've listened.
I searched through a drawer and found the largest cutting knife I had. I'm sure the edge wasn't too sharp. I don't cook that much for myself. Maintaining cutlery had never mattered. I thought at that moment it would be nearer to the top of my to-do list from now on. The scratching continued on the side of the house. Okay, Jenson. Get yourself together. I unlocked the deadbolt and stepped out. I kept a death grip on the knife handle while I slowly crept around the corner.
I sighed out loud in relief to find a bush had overgrown and was scraping against the outside wall. I lowered the knife and laughed out loud. How could I be so jumpy? Carrying a knife around in search of a killer tree! This was becoming ridiculous now. I turned around and abruptly ran into a body. I screamed and raised the knife in defense but a strong hand caught my wrist. He twisted, pain causing me to release and the weapon to fall to the ground. I tried to get away but he was so strong. I began to kick and flail my free hand toward his face. It was over in seconds because he instantly overpowered me. I found myself pinned to the ground with a strange body atop mine.
"Get off me! Let me go!"
Like that was going to get me anywhere. I don't know why women think they can always boss a man around. In this case, it worked. I jumped to my feet in wonder. I continued to yell at him and berate him at the top of my lungs, stopping only when I realized he simply stood there and took it, making no move in my direction. Just great. William must have sent one of his goons here to protect me again. I was really getting tired of his protectiveness.
"And you can go back and tell him I don't need a body guard!"
I turned once again and stomped back into my house. I had worked myself into a rage. How dare he treat me like a defenseless, fragile little girl. I'm all grown up now and expect people to notice. Just for that, I decided not to go back tonight. My blood was boiling and I needed to release. No, he was gonna get a piece of me right now! I flipped open the cell phone and dialed.
"You have reached..."
Damned voice mail! And I didn't even get the satisfaction of hanging up on him. This was going to be a long night. The nap I had taken would prevent me from falling to sleep anytime soon. I hadn't rented any movies so whatever was showing on TV would be the chosen entertainment. A soothing cup of coffee would be wonderful right now. I only kept a small pot because I rarely had anyone over to drink it with me. Two minutes later, steaming black liquid to pour down my throat.
Something struck me odd. It had been two days and I had no missed call from Thomas. With everything that's going on with Chris, I couldn't imagine why he hadn't tried to contact me. Last thing he knew, we took Chris to the cabin and left him there. I called his cell but it went straight to voice mail as well. This didn't feel right. I could always call his parents but I didn't want to alarm them. Maybe I should drive out there. If the police were watching me it wouldn't matter. Visiting a friend is not illegal is it? Of course not.
I convinced myself to check it out. I wouldn't be a good friend if I didn't make sure he was okay. I picked up a strawberry milkshake on the way. Comfort food I suppose. It was only about a fifteen minute drive from town so I didn't get the chance to enjoy a whole lot of loud music before arriving. His house was lit up and I could tell there was a television in use in the living room. His car was still parked in the drive, unmoved from the last time we checked. Maybe he could be sick? The flu or something. I decided to give him one more day before freaking out. If I didn't hear from him by tomorrow, I would put out an all points bulletin.
I found myself missing William once I was alone in the house again. Why couldn't he just be a normal boyfriend and be here, spending the evening with me lounging on the couch and eating junk food. Noooo. I had to go and find me a furry man. Alpha male of his pack even! The whole idea of it was kind of exciting to tell the truth. Everything I always thought a myth was living right before my eyes. And I landed the big dude in charge! And sexy as he wanna be too.
When his pickup pulled into the drive I yipped in excitement. He missed me too much and had to come. Or, his worry became so great that he had to check on me for himself. Or...
"Jen! Open the door!"
His fists banging didn't sound anything like I just described. I hurried to the door and turned the deadbolt. He burst in before I even had a chance to invite him. He traipsed through the house, opening and closing doors before returning to where I stood dumbfounded where he had walked in. Again, I didn't even have the chance to let him have it before he was telling me what to do.
"Get some things together, Jen. You're gonna have to stay at the pack house until we get this situation under control."
Good thing for him I had already packed a bag or he would just have to wait. He picked up the duffle and I grabbed my purse and a few books. If I was expected to stay there for any length of time, I would need some form in intellectual entertainment. We hadn't gotten too far down the road before William began to act strange. He sniffed a little. Looked at me. Turned the air-conditioner blower down. Then sniffed toward me. His nose snarled and his lip curled slightly. He grabbed my arm, still driving with excellent skill I might add, and pulled me near. A rumble occurred in his throat.
"William, what's wrong with you!"
I jerked my arm away and scooted as near to the door as possible. Why was this man always frightening me?
"You smell."
"It's honeydew! I thought you might like it. Fine. Next time I'll use something different."
Before I had a chance to pout, he continued.
"You smell of cat. Leopard. It is very strong and vivid. Did you come in contact with anyone today?"
I had to think about it for a second. There was the lady officer, the people shopping at Wal-Mart, the drive-thru cashier...nothing out of the ordinary except...
"Ya, that goon of a body guard you sent over here! We had a little scuffle outside. He landed on top of me on the ground. You're gonna have to teach them not to be so rough. This is becoming a self-defense issue now. I thought they were supposed to be protecting me?"
His eyes began to glow a tint of yellow again.
"I did not send anyone here. That was a wereleopard. Tell me in detail what happened."
I explained the entire ghost story scratching thing to him. Looking back, I had really been in danger. Some good that knife had done me. I was definitely gonna have to look into some true self-protection moves or something. William listened intently without interruption. His breathing had quickened just enough to notice. He gripped the steering wheel with white knuckles.
"That's it! When we reach the house that cat is going to talk. I don't know why they are here or what they are up to, but this time they've gone too far."
My mind was in a whirl. Why had one of them come to my house? What did they want from me? And why hadn't he hurt me? I needed answers just as badly as William did. If only I had allowed one of the pack members to come along, that situation would never have happened. As weird as it all seems, and as frightening as the circumstances had become, I was beginning to feel a sense of closeness with the wolves. They were not the ones making a problem for me. They actually were accepting of me, to some extent, and would do anything William told them in order to protect me. I looked over at my boyfriend and smiled. He knew what was best. After all, he is the Alpha. And shifters have always been a part of his life. Who was I to make decisions on something I barely knew about?
I thought William had gotten his anger under control but when we pulled into the drive, he rushed for the shed that housed the leopard. I jumped out and hurried behind him. He burst through the door and crossed the small room in three steps. Before I knew it, he had his hand around the leopard's throat, pinning him to the wall. In seconds, I took in the situation. The man was naked and dirty, chained to the floor. And now, my boyfriend was going to kill him.
"William, stop it! Let him go! You're going to kill him!"
He maintained his grip without notice. I had to do something. There were many tools hanging on the opposite wall. I hurriedly grabbed a small tin can from the work bench and hurled it in his direction. Two-inch nails scattered upon impact when it hit William on his back, making a chink-chink-chink sound. Of course it didn't hurt him but it definitely got his attention. A red-eyed, snarling face turned immediately in my direction. I cowered in the corner waiting for reaction. Seeing my fright, he released his grip on the wereleopard and backed up a few steps. The man slid to the floor, panting in terror.
"You need him alive, William."
I outstretched my hand in effort to will him toward me. He looked at me, looked at the naked man crouching on the floor, and back at me. Slowly, he inched in my direction. When he was close enough, I took his hand in mine and looked softly into his eyes. Without words, we walked outside together.
"Sometimes the animal takes over. I'm glad I had you there to help me."
He put his arms around me and embraced our love. It felt good. It felt right.

"Just give me a few minutes alone with him and I'll get you what you want."
Malcolm was sure that brute force was necessary and he was the man to deliver. Of course, I had something to add.
"You know, he's not just another animal. He's a man too. What you guys are doing is inhumane. He's naked, dirty, and probably hasn't even had anything to eat since he was brought here. And where does he go to the bathroom?"
They all just looked at each other, taking in my thoughts. I had listened long enough. I went to the kitchen and started putting some food together.
"Chris, get me a set of clothes."
He stood waiting for William's approval. When he got the nod, he proceeded down the hallway.
"What are you doing, Jen?"
William came into the kitchen, knowing that I was intent on something he wouldn't agree with.
"I'm being a good hostess. You should take notes."
I pushed past him and left the room, William at my heels. Chris had returned with a bundle and handed it to me. I was on a mission now and nobody was going to stop me. I marched straight out to the shed and unlatched the door. It was just then that I realized there was a dangerous wereanimal in there. What was I thinking? I was thinking this is wrong. He deserves better treatment than this. But, I made sure William was still behind me before entering the building. Nothing wrong with a little muscle when confronting a great big cat.
The sight of him sitting there on a cement floor, naked, hungry and scared pissed me off. This is America. We don't treat people like this here. I held my head, set my shoulders and proceeded to introduce myself.
"My name is Jenson. I thought you might like some food and water."
I reached out to hand him the plate. He didn't hesitate before snatching it from me.
"I also brought you some clothes and towelettes. I'm sorry you've been out here so long like this."
I placed the bundle beside him. He had already devoured half of the food.
"When you're finished, someone will be out here to clean up a bit. Then we'll talk."
I turned abruptly and led William out by the arm. He stood, mouth open, in wonderment.
"What just happened here?"
I responded like any good girlfriend would.
"I showed him some manners and human kindness. You should try it sometime."
The two wolves charged with the task of cleaning up the shed were not very happy. I would have sworn I saw them glare at me on the way out. In the meantime, Malcolm and Penn had brought the man to the back side of the house. He was sitting in one of the patio chairs, hands and feet tethered, when William approached. He silently pulled another chair to face him. I watched from inside, trusting that he would act civilized during the questioning. My input must have done some good because I could see the man's lips moving in conversation.
"It wasn't supposed to come to this. We were only supposed to scout the area. Seek out any other weres that might inhabit the place. Things just got out of hand."
William, Malcolm and Penn absorbed the information. The leopard seemed more than willing to answer any questions presented.
"One of our den members, Darius, got involved with this girl. He quickly became obsessed with her. We tried to defer his attention but he wouldn't listen. She was seeing this guy that he wanted out of the picture. One night, the dude came in on them, you know, doin it and he got really pissed. He attacked Darius in her apartment. Darius felt his temper rising and began to shift, so he ran before the humans could see."
William asked the next question.
"So, why was the girl killed?"
The leopard, Brendon, answered.
"He did that on his own. She was in her car coming back here when he diverted her on a back road. I guess because she knew him, she was willing to pull over. They had an argument about the other guy. Apparently, she wasn't willing to leave him. Darius lost it and shifted. He ripped her to pieces. Then he took her car and sank it. Not far from here actually. I can show you."
The rest ended up being Darius trying to cover up the mess he had created. He trailed Chris, awaiting the perfect circumstance for his 'disappearance'. His jealousy had taken over. He was the one who had him attacked at the cabin. Fortunately, Jonas was there to intervene. The next plan was to abduct Chris from the pack house but he and I had left and caused still another problem. That's when Brendon was captured. The next encounter with a wereleopard was at my house.
"I don't know who that was or why. I've been here this whole time. I'm sure they've tracked my whereabouts by now. They won't leave me here."
William considered the situation for a few minutes. Brendon never moved. Even in human form, he had the uncanny cat ability to sit perfectly still for time on end. I paced the floor, chewing my fingernails. It's so hard for me not to stick my nose in everything. If I could at least hear it would help. No it wouldn't. I would never be able to keep my big mouth shut. One day, that's gonna get me into real trouble.
Chris had completely made himself at home. He lounged around like he belonged there. He was included in conversation and entertainment. More than that, Abbey had taken a general liking to him. Their coy smiles, gentle pats and closeness proved that something was stirring. I already knew the effects of having a wolf boyfriend. I wasn't sure that a wolf girlfriend was good for him. I wanted him to have a normal life with normal people. To grow old with someone and have babies. Was it wrong for me to think that way? I don't think so. Was it me that he should be with? Hmm.
I knew I was in love with William but there were definitely feelings there for Chris. He had been my 'special' friend for quite some time now. Was it truly more than friendship? I had thought not but now I wasn't so sure. When he was with Chelsea, I kind of accepted it because I was still involved. Maybe because of my commitment to William, I didn't want anyone else to have him either. This was too much to think about right now. I quickly averted my attention to the outdoors event.
Malcolm and Penn were escorting Brendon back to the shed. William entered the sliding door and went to the kitchen. I followed of course. Inquiring minds want to know! He took a bottled water from the fridge and leaned against the counter. I placed myself beside him and waited patiently. After hearing the story, he went on to tell me the plan.
"We have to clear Chris now. The police are not going to stop until they find him. Of course I don't mind him staying here. He's proven himself loyal more than once. The feeling of claustrophobia will set in eventually."
I figured as long as he has Abbey to keep him company that won't happen anytime soon. I know, shame on me. I really have to get over that one. So, how can we put the police on the trail of a shape-shifting leopard? Not gonna happen. If anyone finds out about the shifting community, it would surely bring attention to the wolf pack. That is one thing that can never be allowed. Ever.
"Brendon has given us information to point the police in the right direction. But, in spite of everything we hand them, it would still lead down a path pointing to Chris. I just don't know what to do."
The stress was beginning to wear on William. He knew that to find peace again, a solution would have to be found.

~ ~ ~

"Pick up the phone, Madison! Girlfriend I have some info for you. You're gonna want to see this. Meet me at the lab tonight. I'm working over and the place will be empty."
Officer Howard listened to the voice mail on her way home from work that evening. She returned the call to let Ben know she could get there around seven. That would give her enough time to go home, change and grab something to eat. A week ago, she would find herself bored and restless after work. Now, she was assigned to one of the most thrilling murder cases this area had ever heard of. Her motivation and dedication to the job would compel her to keep digging until the answer was found.
The parking lot appeared deserted except for Ben's BMW at the far end. She, though, chose a spot up front next to the door. As with every medical facility, the empty hallways felt eerie. Almost ghostly. She found herself constantly looking around, in doorways and windows, in case someone or something was to jump out at her. Her footsteps seemed to echo just a little bit more loudly than usual.
"I didn't think you would ever get here. You've got to take a look at this."
Ben took Madison by the hand and led her toward a table full of vials, Petri dishes, slides and anything you might see on a spooky movie. The microscope he was using was already set up. Technology is fantastic. This particular one was computerized. Whatever the lens was seeing, you could view on a computer screen. It now showed a DNA strand that she assumed belonged to the hair in which she had given him. Straining to remember back to Biology II, she peered at the screen.
"Yup, that's what it is all right."
Ben laughed out loud.
"Here, let me explain." Pointing at certain areas on the strand. "This is a normal pattern. I see it every day. It's simple to determine that this is male from this area here."
Madison watched with full interest. He went on showing the approximate age, gender, and race. This is where it got confusing.
"This part here...it's like nothing I've ever seen before. When I separate it like this," he used the computer to create two separate DNA strands, "I get this."
It was an obvious difference even to her.
"This is not even human. Better yet, watch this."
He clicked a few more times, telling the computer to analyze.
"You've got to be kidding me." Madison stared in astonishment. "That's impossible."
The second strand of DNA compared to that of a cat. To be more specific, a leopard. When he placed one strand on top of the other, it created another that looked exactly like the initial strand.
"There has to be some mistake. Maybe it was actually two hairs intertwined?"
Ben straightened in his chair and slowly turned toward her direction.
"Sweetie, I don't make mistakes. And even if I did, the computer does not."
He snapped back to the screen and continued his investigation. Madison was dumbfounded. An animal and human combined? Just not possible. There had to be some sort of rationalization for this dilemma. But how was she to find it?
"I must say, Ben, this is over the top. Much more than I expected to find. I don't even know where to go from here."
"Just remember, you promised to fill me in when this is all over. You have no choice now. This could change my career!"
Though his enthusiasm was credible, hers left something to desire. How could she possibly go back and explain to her boss, or to the Gray's, that a human-feline killed Chelsea? In reality, this did not prove the owner of that hair guilty. Simply that she accrued it from someone, or something, she came in contact with. Had she taken a recent trip to the zoo? Did the friend in her pictures own a cat? The list of circumstantial evidence just became longer.
Chapter 12

"It has to happen, you know. You can't put it off forever. Let's just get it over with."
A visit to my parent's was inevitable. William did not want me going anywhere alone right now, which is understandable given the circumstances. Since I had already told them about my new beau, I figure this was as good a time as any. I would have my protection and they would have the chance to grill him with embarrassing questions. Patrols around the pack house were in place and it was a nice sunny day. So far, so good.
William had my car brought out earlier, again, not wanting me to go anywhere. Somehow I felt better driving for this purpose. I hadn't brought a man to meet my family since I was dating my ex-husband. We all know how that one turned out! Definitely don't want a repeat of that situation. So, I was sure my parents would be leery of another male in my life. And who could blame them? I'm their only daughter and they have that parental instinct.
"I do not see the humor here."
His human side had taken over and he didn't know how to handle it. I wish I could help him out, but to tell the truth, I was a bit nervous myself. The initial presentation is always difficult, don't you think? But I was positive that they would love him. I mean, how could they not? He's gorgeous, polite, old-fashioned, and he loves their daughter. I have to admit, this was the first time I had ever been uncomfortable pulling into the dirt drive. I didn't know much about William for sure, but his standard of living was way more luxurious than their 'modular home'. Suddenly I felt like we were on the set of Sanford and Son.
I knocked first to be polite and then pushed open the front door.
"Hi! Anyone home?"
Hobo jumped down from his usual snoozing spot on the back of the couch. He was weaving through my ankles when William stepped in behind me. The hair on his back immediately stood up, he let out a growling hiss and took off, top speed, toward the back of the house. So now I knew Hobo wasn't particularly fond of my doggie friend. At least William didn't chase him, right?
My mom came in, wiping her hands on a dish rag, and hugged me. Her eyes quickly landed on William and a huge, pasted on smile appeared. She gave him that around the back pat. You know, the one that leaves twelve inches between the two of you when you hug. I suppose she was still reluctant to accept another man in my life. My dad simply sat in his recliner, remote in one hand, waiting for us to come to him. I made the formal introductions, they shook hands, and then we all stood there in an uncomfortable silent moment.
"Well, I guess I'll get the food started."
She returned to the kitchen and began rattling pots and pans.
"Um, I'll help."
That left the two men to create some sort of male bonding thing that they do. It wasn't long before I heard chuckling coming from the family room. Then my dad stood and presented William with an offer that wasn't meant to be turned down.
"Why don't you and me take a walk down by the lake while the women do what they do best."
William planted an eager grin and stood.
"Sure. You have fishing rods?"
That was all it took. Best friends for life, in my dad's eyes. He could spend hours at the water with a pole in hand and never get bored. Mom gave me a little nudge and a wink. Apparently she noticed the rapport as well.
Once Hobo realized it was safe, he crept back into the living room. I lay on the floor and stroked his fur in comfort.
"He won't hurt you, fat boy. Give him a chance."
It didn't take long for him to tire of my company. He hauled his weight back onto the couch and sprawled. The food was cooking and my mom turned the TV to Lifetime. Some mushy love story that ended in tragedy, I'm sure. I picked a paperback from the bookshelf and settled down on the opposite sofa. Just when I began to be entranced by the mystery murder, the men returned.
"Food ready yet?"
My dad always knew what to say. She jumped up and commenced setting the table. Every meal was a big one. Every meal required the dining table. And every meal was cooked to his liking. I'm so glad I didn't grow up in the 'serve your man' era. I mean, it's nice to take care of him and do little things for him, but damn. The days of waiting on him hand and foot have long gone. Whatever keeps them happy, I suppose.
The meal was all but quiet. William mesmerized them with stories of the mountains and how he intended to open a wilderness shop to provide for the never-ending campers and hunters that come here. The annual fishing tournament was right up his alley. He and my dad made plans to partner up for the next one. This was going better than I hoped! My mom poked and prodded around past romances. Apparently there wasn't much to reveal. To hear William tell it, there had never been any woman who had stolen his heart the way their little Jenson had. Of course I blushed. Not so much from the words, but because of the soft caress he gave my knee under the table.
We wrapped up the visit on a good note. An open invitation was given to William, with or without me, anytime he wanted to stop by. His chest swelled in pride as he walked me to the car. My mom and dad waved from the porch as we pulled away. No fidgeting on the drive back. 
"That wasn't so bad, was it?"
He gently stroked a finger down the side of my face, giving me that 'come hither' look at the same time. I felt the heat instantly warm the inside of my body. Every inch of it. If he had suggested I pull over, I don't think I would hesitate. When the wheels on the right side of the vehicle caught gravel, he brought me back to earth.
"Hey, watch the road. I want you home in one piece so I can devour you."
Like that was gonna keep my attention on driving. I turned on the radio and tuned to my favorite rock station. The bass still lacked the boom I love so much. When this was all over, I made a promise to myself to have a system installed first thing. I've yet to sing at the top of my lungs in front of him. Maybe we would reach that comfort level some day. But for now, humming along would do.
I was almost reluctant to return. The day had seemed so...normal. Just like I wanted. A regular boyfriend. A regular day. I wished it could end in a regular, romantic evening. Of course that wouldn't be possible, given the current situation of a leopard held captive in the shed. I parked in front of the house and exhaled aloud. William exited and opened my door before I even turned off the ignition. He held his hand out, a true gentleman, and took hold of mine.
"This day has not ended yet."
It was as if he knew what I was thinking. Maybe he really does have some kind of mind-reading ability. That would be a future discussion for sure. Right now, I intended to enjoy every minute with him. The sun had lowered itself behind the trees. It left an orange glow over the surrounding woods. My favorite time of day. So peaceful. When Malcolm met us on the walkway in front of the house, William put a hand up to halt him.
"Whatever it is, it can wait. You're my Beta and I have full confidence that you can handle it."
Malcolm stood dumbfounded as we passed. William put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me close. We entered the house expecting to find the regular hustle and bustle of the pack. Dead silence. We kind of stood there looking around for a minute. I noticed a slight bother on William's face.
"No one is here. The house is empty."
Just then, Malcolm entered behind us.
"That's what I was trying to tell you. We decided to give you guys the house tonight. We'll keep the patrols in order. We're gonna take a little run later. Enjoy."
He gave a smirk as he exited. The silence was breathtaking. An enormous smile landed on my face and I jumped into William's arms. He spun me around, just like you see in those icky movie scenes.
"I cannot believe this. I have not had a moment to myself since we moved here. This is incredible."
That made me think. Here I was, taking up space in his moment alone. Maybe I should go back to my house for the night and leave him with the peace and quiet.
"Let those thoughts leave your mind, my love. Tonight is all about you."
I melted again. His alone time included me! The perfect boyfriend. I could hardly say the same thing. My alone time means exactly that. Me, alone.
I sat motionless watching my gorgeous hunk of a man peeling fruit and cutting them into small pieces. He then carefully aligned each piece around the outer edge of a plate, filling the center with several dollops of whipped cream. This was gonna be good. Two goblets and a bottle of wine accompanied the juicy treat. He escorted me to the outside patio where we lounged on the full-length love seat. The sun was sparkling on the lake by now, almost hidden behind the horizon. Absolutely perfect.
He poured the wine and we took turns swallowing pieces of melon and berries. William dabbed a strawberry in the whipped cream and looked into my eyes. I gazed at the fruit, slightly parting my lips in anticipation. Then something unexpected occurred. Instead of feeding me, he traced it down the side of my neck, leaving a trail of confection. He nuzzled my ear before slowly absorbing the sweetness from my skin with his tongue. Goosebumps covered me, head to toe. My body responded to the warmth of his breath. That little tingling erupted in my secret place. I instinctively leaned into him. His hands roamed the length of my body, pausing at certain areas to achieve effect.
"Let's take a swim."
I purred in response. When he stood, I realized he was serious. What the hell! He gets me on the verge of, well you know, and then wants to jump in the water? Come on!
"Seriously? I don't have a bathing suit."
"You won't need one."
He leered in my direction, already a few paces out, heading toward the lake. I blew out my breath, once again, and followed. Moving down the trail, my feet stumbled over something. William's shirt. I picked it up and continued. Then shoes, pants, underwear...he was naked in the water when I reached the edge! Didn't have to tell me twice. I tried to make it appear sexy but when I got stuck in the arm hole of my t-shirt, it was pretty much over. I just shrugged and finished the task.
I shrieked when my toes hit the water. It was freezing! My arms modestly covered my breasts while I stood there contemplating the initial entry. Oh well, he wouldn't wait forever. I pinched my nose and took the plunge. I came up gasping, my body frigid from the shock. His arms were instantly around my waist, pulling me toward his obvious arousal. We inched our way into deeper water, our heads the only thing visible. This is where he picked up from the strawberry episode.
I was weightless in the water. His wolf body maintained a higher temperature than human, warming me instantaneously. My legs reflexively enwrapped his waist while his strength caressed my back. Our lips met in passion. He explored my mouth with his tongue while testing the stimulation between my thighs. I quivered with pleasure, a little embarrassed to be putting on such a show for possible observers. After all, this wasn't a private lake. I reached to embrace his manhood. He willingly relaxed while I explored, allowing a rumble to emerge from his throat. This time, it didn't frighten me. I knew from before that this was his normal reaction to sexual pleasure. I happened to glance at the wood line, just in time to observe a pair of glowing eyes dart away.
"I think the children are watching daddy play."
This time, he let out a small growl.
"Sometimes it does not pay to be Alpha."
He gracefully emerged from the water, droplets falling from his long hair and sliding down his body. His muscles glistened in the moonlight. I'm pretty sure my mouth was open. He pulled the jeans up and zipped, waiting for me to follow. Are you kidding me? I hadn't stopped to think about the end part of this excursion. There was no way I was coming out of this water naked. He grinned at my embarrassment.
"I'll bring you a towel."
He left me in peace to take a warm shower, and then I snuggled under a soft eiderdown throw blanket in front of the TV while he bathed. I settled for TVland during the wait. Reruns of Roseanne never get old. It had been a long day and I was slowly feeling the effect. Sometime during one of the thirty-minute replays, I must have dozed off. Awakening to soft lips on my cheek was an amazing feeling. I pulled him atop the blanket, smothering his mouth with mine. The ends of his damp hair tickling my skin sent shivers down my spine. If this night didn't find climax soon, I think I would explode!
"Are you hungry?"
Food was probably the last thing on my mind.
"I think you have everything I need right here to satisfy my hunger."
I pulled him in and resumed. The house was dark except for the silver glow emitting from the television screen, sound muted. It was overwhelming. I couldn't get enough of him. My hands roamed his body, his mine. I allowed my lips to taste his skin, my nose to inhale his scent, and my body to absorb his emotions. At this very place and time, nothing else in the world existed. Nothing else mattered.
"I want you, Jen."
The words burned into my very heart and soul. We had brought ourselves, once again, to a point of no turning back. My body ached for his yet there was a tiny part of me that was fearful. I wanted to trust that he had enough strength to control his animal side, but to tell the truth, I wasn't sure he could. I secretly crossed my fingers and responded.
"I trust you, William."
I felt his desire pressing against my thigh. The anticipation almost hurt. My legs instinctively curled around his back, pulling him closer. Just as I thought he would enter, he lightly placed his lips to mine. His fingers traced the lines of my face. His heart beat in rhythm with my own. I could sense him holding back, keeping a grip on the beast. I relaxed my body beneath his weight, the anticipation more intense than I ever would have imagined.
Just then, the front door burst open and thudded against the wall. Malcolm, Penn and Abbey intruded into the room. Malcolm was in an anxious state.
"The leopard escaped! We gotta move."
"I was only gone for two minutes, Will, I swear." Penn lowered his eyes in shame.
"You were supposed to be watching him!" Abbey scorned.
They were each speaking over one another, their words loud and confusing. William immediately lost all sense of the moment and stood, eyes glaring at his wolves.
"Malcolm, explain this disturbance quickly before I lose my temper."
Malcolm proceeded to tell him what happened, using very careful words. Apparently, Penn was designated to guard the shed during patrol while the rest of the pack went for a run. During that time, he stepped away to relieve himself in the tree line. When he returned, the wooden door was ajar and the leopard was gone. He immediately summoned the patrol and they sped off to track the cat, unable to go far in fear of not knowing whether the wereleopards were waiting to attack.
William stood unmoving for what seemed like minutes. I curled beneath the blanket, desperately attempting to cover my nakedness. Although no one even seemed to recognize that I was in the room, I couldn't hide my vulnerability fast enough. The other three awaited instruction.
"We need to move. He has a big head start. Abbey, can you track him?"
Abbey never hesitated.
"I can smell a cat a mile away. Let's go."
Her excitement was evident. The thrill of the hunt superseded above all else. I found myself alone, once again. Five wolves were left back; the rest hit the trail following Abbey's lead. Chris appeared from out of nowhere.
"Since you're already naked and all, wanna get busy?"
I tossed a throw pillow at him, aiming at his head, but because the blanket slipped I had to grab it quickly and my aim was off a bit. The pillow landed at his feet instead. I wrapped the small cover around my bosom, scowled in his direction and stomped to the back to find proper attire. Now, not only are my hormones bouncing off the walls, but I find myself once again without my man stuck in this big stupid house with Chris! I knew this day was too good to be true.
I sat there on the edge of William's bed staring at the carpet. There was a thread hanging from the hem of my shorts that I found as a source of entertainment, twisting it between my fingers. Round and round. Watching the thread coil and then releasing it, just to do it over again. Two weeks ago I would have told you that my life was going nowhere and I had no future. I guess I could say the same thing now only circumstances are different. I met a great guy and all the girls would be envious of me. One thing kept him from being Mr. Perfect. He's a werewolf. I thought I would be able to get past that. Accept his difference. And for the most part I can. It's just that I was noticing now how much of his time this pack leader crap takes him away from me.
I never thought I was that needy girlfriend type. I've always been able to entertain myself and keep myself busy. Why now did I feel so alone whenever he wasn't with me? Why now do I feel he's not giving me enough attention? This is ridiculous. This is not the person that I am. It stops now! I'm a headstrong, independent self-sufficient woman. Time for me to start acting like one. I gathered my feel-sorry-for-me self up from off that bed, held my chin up and proceeded toward the living room. It was time for Chris and me to fix this mess and move on with my life.
"It's time to get real now, Chris. Put all this doggie stuff aside for a minute. We gotta get you cleared from that murder."
Usually he would give some smart aleck remark but he could tell by the stern look on my face that I was serious. I patted the space on the couch beside me, indicating him to take a seat. He almost appeared reluctant to be near me. That was different.
"Jen, I know this is important but I don't think there's anything we can do. No matter how you look at it, how you go about it, it always comes back to outing the wereworld. I won't allow that to happen. I can disappear for a while. Let the cops find their way. Maybe I'll get lucky."
He sat looking at me. Not waiting for a response. Not waiting for my opinion or suggestions. Just sat looking at me matter-of-factly. He had let me know it was his life and not mine to decide. I opened my mouth to argue, cuz that's what I do, but no words came out. He was right. All these years I always thought he was this immature guy that had no cares in the world. In reality, Chris was simply a fun-loving person who got the most out of life. He was smarter than I gave him credit.
"Okay. Tell me what to do. I don't know how to do nothing."
I think at that point all my emotions poured out. For some weird reason, tears filled my eyes. This was a feeling I hadn't experienced before and couldn't tell you what it meant. It was confusing to me. He pulled me into his chest and I held on tight. After a few minutes I felt much better. He gave me that cute little smile of his and a little kiss on the cheek. He would be all right. We would be all right.
"Wanna play?"
He held up a PlayStation controller and cheesed. I just waved it off and moved to an overstuffed chair by the window. The books I brought would come in handy right now. I flipped on the table lamp to my left and curled up in the quiet. After about three pages, I realized I had no idea what I had just read. I tried again, starting over at page one, but it didn't work. I was too restless to let my mind go. The man I cared most about was out there somewhere, chasing an animal type that could very well kill him or any one of my new friends.

~ ~ ~

Abbey locked onto Brendon's scent immediately. She moved with a purpose and the pack followed her lead unquestioned. Time was of the essence. The wereleopard had an advantageous head start on them. He might be quick but Abbey was better. Her nostrils flared to take in the breeze. She lowered her head as she slinked forward; catching every twinge of the feline stench lingering ever so slightly on leaves and twigs. She absorbed his being, felt his fear.
"He tires. This cat has zero stamina."
William watched her in awe. Her excitement and accuracy made him proud. He nipped her hind quarter to show his approval. The gesture made her leap and dart with even greater speed. The rest of the pack had spread throughout the woods on either side, roaming eyes in all directions in hopes of spotting the leopard, all the while keeping up with Abbey. The chase was exhilarating.
The scent grew stronger and stronger with every step. Her nose burned, her head swinging from side to side. Without notice, her body twisted into a spin, coming to an immediate halt. Brendon had led them directly to the others. It was not only him now, but the odor of several. They were mixed on top of each other, making it impossible to determine how many or in which direction they were headed. All wolves were on instant alert, pacing in anticipation. The wait didn't last long. A cat called out in the distance, its roar carrying through the trees. William pivoted toward the sound but there was no time to react. The wereleopards dropped from the tree's branches where they had waited in ambush. An oversight that an Alpha should not have missed. Cats can climb trees.
The wolves crouched low, awaiting the order from William. He kept his wits and observed. The leopards were not attacking. They roamed and paced in, out and around the pack. Slinking close but never within reach. Tantalizing and teasing the anxious beasts with their purrs and hisses. A most unusual act. An unexpected act. William's eyes covered the area while trying to sense each of his wolves. The tension was high and he needed to control this situation. A voice to the right. Brendon stood in human form, protected by three large felines.
"They're only here as defense. Darius wants to speak with you, William. Show yourself."
William could sense the anger among his pack. They were leery and untrusting of the leopards. And with good reason. The wereleopards had a reputation for instigating trouble, especially pertaining to the human world. The current state of affairs being no exception. He contemplated his safety should he shift to human form. Being Alpha, it was easy enough to re-shift if necessary but probably not fast enough should one of the leopards attack.
"Come on, Will. I thought we were old buddies by now."
Brendon continued to coax William.
"This is never gonna get settled if we don't come to some sort of understanding."
He was right. William was Alpha and it was his responsibility to make a deal. Now seemed like as good a time an any. Malcolm, Penn and Abbey formed a circle around him. Once the transformation was complete, he remained in a crouch just in case things went wrong. It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust to the darkness. It was a lot harder to see with human eyes. The animals appeared as dark, moving shadows. He felt vulnerable and did not like that feeling.
"So let's talk."
Another body did a tumbling type flip from a tree limb above Brendon and landed on the ground. He wore a scowl across his face, obviously in effort to portray a threatening dominance.
"This has gotten out of hand, William. You aren't important to me. I want the human you're housing. You can either hand him over, or we take him. Your choice."
It took everything William had to control his rage. He didn't want to shift unexpectedly. Handing over Chris was not an option.
"That's not going to happen. Call your kittens. It won't work to your favor."
He could see that these words irritated the man. Surely he didn't think this was going to be that easy. Give an order, get what you want. Not at all.
"I got no beef with you, William. Chris has to pay for his actions. You can't protect him forever."
His actions? What was he talking about? Then it hit home. This man was the scorned lover, Darius. Another piece of the story coming together. He wanted to simply take this guy out now and get it over with but that probably was not the wisest decision. What he wanted was for this entire clan to leave the area. No good could come from a litter of wereleopards running wild without concern of the human world knowing.
"You've caused enough problems, Darius. Let's settle this and move on."
Darius was surprised that William knew his name. He gave a devious laugh aloud.
"My friend, your problems are only just beginning!"
With that, Darius gave the signal. Each leopard assailed the nearest wolf. It was a reproduction of the previous brawl, only this time there were many more involved. The sounds of battle were ear-splitting. They each moved with such speed that it was hard at times to determine between ally and adversary. William barely had time to shift before a leopard broke the circle of protection. His goal was to reach Darius. He flew through one cat and then another. Tossing them like rag dolls. His strength incredible.
They were fighting two at a time, sometimes three, but their power prevailed. Malcolm had a cat pinned to the ground. Just as he bared his teeth to go for the throat, another cat came from behind to tackle him. They rolled several times, becoming disoriented. The taste of metallic found his tongue, assuring him that he had broken skin. A horrific pain shot through his leg when teeth sunk in. He twisted and flailed in attempt to free himself from the animal's grip. Another body slammed into his middle. He felt the ribs break on impact. He caught sight of Penn and knew that help had arrived, yet the pain persisted without relief. He struggled with every bit of might he had left.
Abbey had avoided or fought off her assailants with finesse. Her agility was far better than that of a feline. Quite incredible for a wolf. Finding a second of liberation, she caught sight of Malcolm's predicament and rushed to his aid. She took a flying leap, her body colliding into the side of an attacking leopard. They slammed to the ground together. Abbey took a mouthful of stomach and reiterated by tearing a front limb from the already dying creature. She spun immediately to Malcolm's aid.
By this time, the wereleopards had retreated, leaving behind dead and injured. William had managed to reach Brendon before escape. He latched on to a limb and flung his body into a tree trunk, producing a corpse on contact. He scanned his wolves to verify injury. They each had obtained their share of scratches and wounds but all were well and quickly healing. All except Malcolm. He lay on the ground, a faint breath and almost undetectable heartbeat.
Abbey licked his wounds to assist in healing. A rumble grew in William's belly. Malcolm was his Beta. His second hand. His best friend. He could not bear to lose him. His anger grew to rage. The howl that left his throat was grief-stricken. He pounced on the nearest non-moving leopard and shredded the carcass. He turned his gaze back to Malcolm, blood dripping from his muzzle, the beast in his eyes glowing bright.
He glared from one wolf to another. How could this have happened? Abbey whimpered in grief. She shifted to human form and leapt on Penn, who in turn, shifted during the shuffle.
"What happened? What have you done? I saw you! I saw you!"
She took him to the ground, landing punches to his face. Blood covered his face from a broken nose. The attack was such a surprise that he hadn't had time to react. By this time the rest of the pack had shifted, less Malcolm. They pulled Abbey's raging body from atop him. Her chest heaved in anger. They had to hold tightly because she continued to grab for him. Penn had scooted backward from her reach, astonished at her assault.
William was confused. Why had Abbey turned on Penn? He stood before her, unspeaking, with question in his eyes.
"He helped them, Will! I saw him. He helped them."
Her angered words turned to sobs. She fell to her knees and wept. William turned toward Penn. The man's eyes were wide with panic.
"It's not true, Will. I would never do that! You gotta believe me."
William's mind was in a reel. No member of his pack had ever turned on one of his own. He gave instructions for vehicles to be brought back. Getting Malcolm home was the priority. Penn was detained by others until he could sort through this mess. No one spoke. When the pick-ups arrived, they piled in, using one as a stretcher for Malcolm's dying wolf body. Abbey and William rode in back with Malcolm.
Upon their return, William gave order for Penn to be placed in the same shed that had earlier jailed the leopard. Other pack members confirmed what Abbey had charged. They, too, had seen Penn give way so as to assist three leopards in taking Malcolm out. The information hit William hard. There was only one punishment for pack betrayal. Death by hand of the Alpha. What happened next would be a shock to everyone.
Chapter 13

Officer Howard tailed Thomas from a distance. He had not noticed her red Ford since leaving his house. He had not heard from Jenson or Chris for days now, nor could he reach either of their cell phones. His cell had an untimely accident in that he sat on it and it now lay in twelve pieces on his bedroom floor. He had been afraid to leave his house because he knew he was being watched and didn't want to draw attention in Chris' direction. Because so much time had passed, he was beginning to worry now. Last he knew he and Jenson had left Chris at the cabin with enough provisions to last about a week. There had been no new information to his whereabouts on the news but a search order had been issued. He stopped by Verizon for a replacement flip-phone on the way out.
He reached the roadside next to the cabin's tree line. There he parked his car. Howard hung back long enough to observe him entering the woods on foot. She continued farther down the road before abandoning her own vehicle and backtracking toward the same spot. She stayed hidden behind trees in order to avoid him becoming aware of her presence. She followed the sound of cracking twigs and leaves for several minutes. She halted some feet away when she came upon the cabin. The door stood ajar.
After a few minutes, Thomas came back out and stood looking around with hands on hips. He proceeded to walk completely around the cabin, ending back at the front door. He scratched the top of his head and wiped sweat from his face with the tail of his t-shirt. He wore an obvious look of confusion. With nothing left to do, he returned to his car.
When Howard heard the engine start, she went to the cabin to investigate. The interior was as primitive as the outside. What little furniture it housed was in disarray. There were noticeable signs of a struggle. A broken chair lay in pieces on the floor. She stooped to get a closer look. There was blood on several of the shards. Always prepared, she removed latex gloves and a few plastic baggies from her pocket. She placed a small piece of bloodied wood into one. The floor was covered with hair matting. This became the contents of the next bag. A tattered piece of cloth filled the third.
She took a few snapshots with a pocket camera and then made the same tour around the outside of the cabin. Nothing out of the ordinary caught her eye. Could this be the actual sight of Chelsea's murder? Her heart fluttered at the thought of this evidence landing in her lap so easily. She would have to take another trip to the lab. She couldn't present this stuff to Sherriff Mercer without solid facts to back her findings. This could possibly put her career over the top! She could barely contain herself.
She made a call from her cell phone once there was ample signal. Ben was more than willing to help her out again. The previous sample she had brought him had left him very intrigued. He had kept this information to himself to ensure he receive all credit for his discovery. This was the kind of stuff that lured him into the forensic field in the first place. She dreaded the forty-five minute drive but it would be worth it. To finally have the evidence needed to arrest Chris Reynolds was an amazing feeling.

Thomas had found Jenson's house empty once again. This time he left a note on the front door to let her know he had come by. He knew something bad had happened at the cabin. The blood splatters made him worry even more. And why wouldn't they have called his home phone by now? Something wasn't right. He was at a loss at this point. They could be anywhere. He decided to return home. That would be the only logical place that they would try to contact him.

~ ~ ~

The pack remained outside, still confused about what had happened. They had taken Malcolm inside to tend his wounds. One of the members, Edna, works as a physician's assistant in the human world. They knew he needed to go to the hospital but that was out of the question. She was skeptical but agreed to do all that she could to save him. The rest were comparing notes of what had taken place during the fight. Most had been so involved with their own that they did not see the predicament that involved Malcolm. Others had caught a glimpse but were quickly diverted by a leopard of their own.
William had to get hold of his anger. He wanted badly to lock himself inside the shed with Penn and rip him to shreds but he managed to contain that urge. He paced back and forth along the outer edge of the yard. Jonas approached cautiously, head down but keeping an eye on his Alpha. He certainly didn't want to be the punching bag on the receiving end of that rage.
"Will, I have some information you might want to hear."
Jonas had proven repeatedly to be one of his most dependable pack members. He gathered his emotions and devoted all attention to the young wolf. Jonas had stayed back, along with three others as well as the slowly healing Holly. During the time the rest had gone, they patrolled the surrounding area. Little did they know, while Thomas and Officer Howard were involved in their escapade at the cabin, Jonas hid himself effectively and watched.
"Who was the woman?" William inquired.
"She's a cop. She must have followed him out there. She's getting close. Too close."
William gave recognition to Jonas for his quick thinking and observation. After hearing all accounts of what the others had seen, he headed toward the house to check on Malcolm.

I didn't know what was happening when they burst through the door. It all took place so fast, I realized somebody was badly hurt when they rushed to the basement, leaving a trail of blood behind. My heart caught in my throat. I couldn't tell if it was William or not. I quickly chased behind them with intent to help. I don't know much about medical stuff but I could at least be an extra set of hands.
Apparently, getting broken and torn up seemed to be expected with these guys. This particular section of the basement had been set up as a makeshift hospital room, complete with most everything necessary to mend a body. I suppose the adrenaline had protected me from any initial shock because the tremendous amount of blood didn't register. Once the wolf was laid on the table I was able to see that it, at least, wasn't William. I'd like to say I was relieved but that's not really what I felt. I was scared. Scared for the person that lived inside that animal. Malcolm.
"What can I do?"
Edna began giving directives with authority and I followed instructions. Bring this, hold that, apply pressure here, move this...I don't know for how long we worked but it couldn't happen fast enough. He was attached to machines that beeped and buzzed and I had no idea what they were used for. She had inserted some sort of needle into his foreleg and hung a couple of bags from a pole.
"There's nothing else I can do. Now we wait."
Those who had carried him in had stepped out of the way and stood closed mouthed in the corner, watching. I looked into Edna's eyes but couldn't read her. She had set broken bones and splinted, stitched up too many lacerations to count, and at one point shocked his heart to bring him back to life. I don't think everything hit me until just then. This was Malcolm, not just some animal. He couldn't die. He just couldn't. I inched forward and took his paw into my hand. Tears rolled down my cheeks unknowingly as I whispered in his ear.
"Stay strong, Malcolm. I won't leave you."
I lay my head gently on his shoulder and rubbed the fur on his neck. I wasn't sure if that was an incorrect gesture. I mean, I know he is a person and may not want to be petted like a dog but it just seemed like the thing to do at the time. I can't believe how my feelings had grown for these guys in such a short time. I didn't know what happened out there but I was positive of one thing, Malcolm would fight to the death for his pack.
The door came open slowly and William stepped through. I never raised my head but I could sense his presence. He only made it halfway across the room and stopped. His chest was heaving, his fists clenched by his sides. This is the part in the movies where the big tough guy falls to his knees and yells at the sky, or he runs to the bedside and sobs like a baby. Not William. He covered his emotions. Before anyone could stop him, he ran from the room in a blur, headed straight for the front door.
The crowd was still dispersed around the yard when William rushed by, sight set on the shed. No one was quick enough or strong enough to stop him in time. He ripped the wooden door from its hinges and tossed it aside like a stuffed toy. He was on Penn in a flash. The sounds emitting from inside were horrid. He was wailing on Penn with death in his eyes. It took three others to finally pull him off and hold him back.
"I'm gonna kill you, Penn! You hear me? I'm gonna rip your limbs off and eat them!"
They drug William to the outside and toward the house. He still fought and kicked in attempt to free himself from their hold. The further away they got, the less he struggled. Others had gathered around, encircling the Alpha in attempt to give him some positive reinforcement. Abbey knelt down and crept forward, eyes on William's, inching toward him. She reached out to touch his foot, then advanced upward on his calf, snuggling her muzzle along his skin. The sensation was immediately sobering and he calmed just a little. One by one, the wolves gathered near. Strangely, having the rest of them so near caused him to control his rage and think more clearly. His breathing slowed, his muscles relaxed.
Jonas exited the house with a confused look on his face. He had no idea what was going on. The pack was crouched low around William, all giving off emotions of sorrow and grief.
"Everything okay here?"
William composed himself enough to move through the pack and approach Jonas.
"We may lose Malcolm."
It took Jonas a second for that statement to register.
"That won't happen. Malcolm is strong. He's next in line. He'll pull through. You'll see.'
A quirky smile from the young wolf helped to diffuse the atmosphere. William still couldn't comprehend why Penn would help the leopards. Maybe it didn't actually happen that way. Maybe during all the confusion of the fight it simply appeared as though he had. Then he remembered Malcolm's broken, bloody body and the anger returned. Penn didn't have a scratch on him. Nothing. He hadn't fought even one cat. Moreover, where was he while William and Darius were talking? Oh yes. You wouldn't notice if you weren't paying attention. He had moved from his position of protection surrounding William. Using the slightest of movement. Creeping ever so slowly to the side.
A clear act of disloyalty and betrayal, now that he took a closer look. There are lucid rules in place as per the werewolf bylaws. When a member commits treason, he or she is removed from the pack. No other option. There are two ways this can be accomplished: banishment or death. It was up to the Alpha to determine which method suited the offence.
Flying off the handle is not the way that William usually handled situations. This was the first time that anything of such strong nature had occurred within his pack since he was named Alpha. Until now, he would never have suspected any of his wolves to turn against them. Until now, he never had a reason to wonder how many others, if any, were having the same kind of thoughts.
"I want absolute enforcement around that shed 24/7. He will be given ample food and water. Nothing else. If anyone allows his release, you will answer to me."
William let a deep growl from within reveal the urgency of his order. He left them all on their own to decide how to make it happen. He didn't want to think about it anymore right then. Malcolm needed him. He had to assure him that no matter what, his Alpha would always be there for him.
My tears had long since dried but I hadn't left his side. No one should have to endure this type of pain. If this is the result of a simple disagreement between wereanimals, I would hate to see what happens during an all out war. I saw William when he came in this time. His face appeared worn. The stress from all this had to be draining. I could see the hurt in his eyes when he looked at Malcolm lying there.
I hated that he had to remain in wolf form in order to heal properly. I felt as though I was nurturing a pet rather than a friend. But I knew, inside that furry body was a man. A man with a huge heart that was dedicated to serving the person I fell in love with. William slid a chair beside me and sat. He didn't reach out to touch Malcolm. He simply sat there, looking at him. After many long minutes he finally spoke.
"This should not have happened. I should have prevented this."
I felt the need to soothe him but I wasn't sure what to say. I didn't want to say something stupid or condescending. I actually tried to think before I opened my mouth this time. As a girlfriend, I figured he just needed to know that I was there. If he truly wanted something from me, he would ask.
"Have you been with him the entire time?"
I merely nodded, continuing to comb my fingers through Malcolm's blood-matted fur. William put his arm around my shoulder, gently caressing my back as well. A tear dropped onto my arm. When I looked up, he smiled at me. I put my arms around his neck and squeezed. He whispered in my ear.
"Thank you."
Edna seemed to suddenly be there. She could have been there the entire time for all I know. My mind was pretty much focused on Malcolm. I heard movement in the house from the floor above. Must be the rest of the pack.
"You need to take a break. Get something to eat." Edna nudged me away. "Get him something to eat too."
I bent down to Malcolm's ear.
"When you open your eyes, I'll be here."
Then I placed a light kiss on his snout. Never would have thought I would be kissing my boyfriend's best bud. And right on his furry little nose! We walked out together holding hands. I realized that he hadn't taken a minute for himself since the leopard fight. I'm sure he was exhausted but was doing a good job at hiding it. I sent him to take a shower while I scrounged up some food. I waited for him on the bed with a small platter of, well, pretty much everything. There always seems to be an abundance of leftovers in their fridge.
The wet hair and towel tucked around his waist almost made me forget how hungry I was. It was then that I noticed the cuts and wounds healing on his skin. They were just about unnoticeable already. Would he continue to return victorious? Would there come a time when the wolf that didn't make it would be William?
We shared the plate until it was all gone without speaking. This is probably the longest I had ever gone without words. Matter of fact, I don't think there was ever a time when I didn't have something to say. Good thing I didn't have to cuz he spoke first.
"I am sorry I have pulled you into this, Jen. I did not anticipate the leopards or the situation with Chris. I wish I knew how to fix everything."
I patted his knee like a grandmother.
"You'll figure out what to do. That's why you're the Alpha."
The way he puffed out his breath I figure that wasn't the response he needed.
"I'm going back to sit with Malcolm."
I didn't stick around for more conversation. It was obvious at this point that I wasn't going to do any good here. I dropped the plate off in the kitchen sink and went on downstairs. Edna was bent over the table with a stethoscope pressed against his chest. She jotted down his vitals and checked his wound dressings.
"How's he doing?"
She gave a shrug and continued on with her work. Maybe she was one of the wolves that didn't agree with William keeping a human girlfriend. I filled a stainless steel bowl with cool water and found a clean sponge. I daubed his forehead and neck. Not for any specific reason. I think just to feel like I was doing something helpful. Edna eyeballed me but didn't say to stop. He looked so helpless. Malcolm was anything but helpless.

"We always finish victorious." Abbey was talking quietly with Chris. "If someone in the pack hadn't been an idiot, Malcolm would be fine."
Chris knew now that it would not end until he was no longer a part of the picture. From what he could gather, this whole ordeal was because of him. The leopards, Darius in particular, wanted him not the wolves. He should've killed him when he had the chance that night in Chelsea's apartment.
"I think I can make this right. Darius wants me, he can have me."
Abbey realized what he was saying. She jumped from the couch and waved her arms in a very animated manner.
"Are you crazy? You cannot, are not, going to do something that stupid! He will kill you. You do know that don't you?"
William entered at that time.
"William, he's nuts! He's planning to go to Darius! You have to stop him."
Her voice was cracking and she was almost in tears. William pushed hair from his face and centered himself in the room. The others gathered around.
"That might not be such a bad idea."
Abbey gasped.
"What! No no no. This is lunacy. How could you even suggest that?"
Even the others had a look of disbelief.
"Darius wants Chris, we produce him, and the issue goes away. At least we let him think that. We'll have a trap in place. And if we do it right, we set him up with the cops so he's implicated as the one who really murdered Chelsea."
Heads were nodding and words of agreement dispersed. Except for Abbey.
"You wanna use him as bait? He'll be shredded!"
She dropped to her knees where Chris was seated and took his hands in hers.
"Chris, please don't do this. We'll figure something out."
He could hardly resist her pleading eyes.
"Abbey, don't worry. William will take care of me. Won't you, Will?"
"Of course. You are family now. You will be protected."
It seemed as though she was the only one in the room that was not in agreement. In the end, whatever her Alpha decided, she would have to comply. There was no need in further argument. Their minds were made up.
"Okay. Sure. Whatever you say."
Her words said one thing but her heart said another. For some reason, this crazy human had captured her heart. What had started out as a crush had obviously become more. Maybe it would be best if she kept that emotion hidden deep. Anything that could interfere with keeping her head straight right now was definitely not a good idea.
"Let's make it happen then."
William had sent word to me that he would be tied up in a meeting for a while. That was fine for now. I was enjoying the quiet while sitting with Malcolm. Chris had brought my book and a fresh glass of sweet tea. I was set for a while. Good thing there was a bathroom down here. Edna continued to putter around the room. I had no idea what she was doing to keep busy but that's what she needed in order to stay focused.
I quickly became immersed in the pages. I always enjoy traveling through fantasyland. Never would have imagined that I would be living in one. Hey, all of this crap just might make for a good story one day. I could become an author! Ya, right. What did I know about writing? While I was day dreaming about fame, I felt Malcolm twitch. Very slightly, but I felt it. It almost took my breath. I closed the book and turned my full attention to him.
His eyelids fluttered but didn't open. He whimpered, barely loud enough to hear. It was the first sign of life since he was brought here. I stroked his fur in hopes that he would sense my presence. I wanted him to know that he wasn't alone. It wasn't a huge sign, but it gave me a more positive hope. He's really strong. And I was certain he would pull through. Though I don't know how long it would take to gain his full strength back.
It had to be getting close to night time because I was feeling fatigued. A long, gaping yawn was proof. The last thing I wanted to do was go to bed and have Malcolm awaken without me there. I don't know why it was so important to me but I wanted to be there. I looked around at the hard floor and made up my mind that I wouldn't be bedding there for the night. Maybe I would simply get comfy in this chair and rest my head beside him. I could always catch up tomorrow. Or, whenever. Another yawn and it was over. My eyes closed, chin rested on my chest and I was out.
I don't know when or how I got there, but I awoke under a soft cover with the breeze from a ceiling fan blowing on my face. I was in William's bed. I have to admit I had wanted to be there for a long time now but not alone. He was nowhere to be seen. I sat up and stretched, enjoying the tranquility. I knew I was truly awake when my stomach released an audible rumble. If I didn't need a shower so badly, breakfast would be the first priority.
The shampoo smelled soooo good. And the hot water felt soooo regenerating. Once I had dressed and brushed my teeth, I was ready to start the day. I pattered down the hallway with a smile on my face. When I reached the kitchen, Chris was there alone. No one else to be seen.
"Where is everyone?"
He had a look of guilt. Like his mom had just caught him putting a booger under the chair.
"Um, they went into town."
"So why do you look like you just broke my favorite cd?"
He dug in the fridge for a minute and then grabbed a bottle of juice before he sat at the counter.
"We've come up with a plan. I'm gonna meet up with Darius. We're gonna set him up for the murder and get everyone off my back."
It didn't sink in when he first said it and then it hit me.
"You're being used as a decoy? Are you kidding me? What's wrong with you people?"
So my boyfriend was using my best friend like catnip. Lure in the bad guy with the tasty human and we've got him. Well, not if I have anything to say about it.
"When will they be back?"
"Just hold on, Jen. Don't lose your temper before you know everything. It's a good plan. Trust me I won't be hurt."
"How can you say you won't be hurt? You're the one who told me that these leopard things are extremely dangerous. You saw it for yourself in the cabin. You see what they've done to Malcolm! Are you suddenly this superhuman being that I'm unaware of?"
I admit, sometimes I don't always think before I react but this was ridiculous. I can't in good conscious send my friend out to be eaten alive by a wereleopard. Darius is evil and full of jealous rage. I knew he would do whatever necessary to get rid of Chris.
"You know what, I'm going downstairs. When William returns, please send him my way. Can you do that?"
I didn't even wait for an answer. I turned on my heel and swished my behind out of his sight. So, maybe it was a bit dramatic but I didn't care. Apparently, he didn't either because he didn't even try to stop me or follow me.
Holly had taken my place beside Malcolm. She looked exhausted. Being that she had been in a similar situation, she probably knew best how he would be feeling. She had come through her injuries and was growing stronger every day. I hadn't held a conversation with her before and didn't know what to say now either. That seems to be happening a bit too often these days.
"Wanna trade? You look like you could use some rest."
Instead, she patted the chair beside her for me to sit. Okay, time for some girl talk.
"I haven't had much time to get to know you since my injury. You seem to be accepting all of this stuff pretty well."
There was a pause and I figured it was my cue to speak.
"It's a little weird, I admit. Hard to believe at first. But it's your lifestyle. I can't be prejudice about something just because it's new to me, right?"
"Being around wolves doesn't scare you?"
"Of course it scares me, Holly. But not in that way. It scares me because you guys live such dangerous lifestyles. It scares me because it seems someone is always getting hurt. Everyone has been so nice to me. I don't want anything bad to happen to the people I care about. I guess it'll just take me a little time to absorb it all."
I could tell she wanted to say more but was being careful.
"You're new to us too you know. There's never been a human this close to the pack before."
She lowered her head and looked away, speaking softly.
"We all thought Abbey would be the one William would choose. She's the most suitable mate for him. Nobody would ever say anything against his decisions though. You'll be made welcome."
I wasn't sure what she was trying to say.
"The pack doesn't like me?"
She turned immediately toward me and took my hands in hers.
"No! I'm so sorry. I didn't mean it that way. You're great. It's just that, well, in order for our kind to survive, we have to reproduce. William is purebred. So is Abbey. And she's dominant. It just seemed like the logical choice."
I thought about it for a minute before I responded.
"So if William stays with me, he can't carry on the bloodline. Is that the concern?"
Holly shook her head in agreement. Her face showed signs of pain for telling me.
"William is Alpha. He is expected, above all, to remain loyal to the pack. He is our leader. Our protector. To go outside the pack is confusing to us."
I understood a little better now. It was somewhat embarrassing. I'm not one of them and they are forced to accept me just because I'm dating William. This must be what a biracial relationship feels like. Shame on me if I ever had bad thoughts about it.
"I'm sorry, Holly. I don't know what to say. When I met William I had no idea. Maybe if I had, I wouldn't have let it come this far."
We both sat in silence for a while. She released a feminine yawn, trying to hide it with her palm. She added one more thing before she left.
"I like you, Jenson. You and Chris are both received here. Maybe it'll work out. William knows what he's doing."
Or does he? Just because he's the big leader and all doesn't always make him right. He should have controlled his male urges. He should've never approached me. He knew the consequences. He made the choice. Was it the wrong choice? I can't only think about my own feelings. That would be selfish. This is a family here. I didn't want to disrupt what they have. Maybe Abbey is the one who should be with him. Maybe she really is the most logical choice. Did she resent me as well for taking William? Is that why she went for Chris? A tit-for-tat kind of thing.
While my mind whirled, I absentmindedly held Malcolm's paw. Just then, it twitched. And not a slight one this time. It really moved. It startled me so much that I jumped in my seat. Edna had seen it and rushed over. Then his eyes began to flutter again and his head tried to rise. She was hurriedly checking his vitals.
"Pulse rate is quickening a bit. I think he's coming out."
Coming out. What did that mean? Coming out. Of his body? Oh no! He was going to phase right before my eyes. Was I supposed to see this? I searched Edna's face for guidance but she paid no attention to me. I couldn't abandon him now. I held on to his forepaw and watched in amazement.
His pelt began to ruffle, the skin beneath rolling in waves. His mouth opened wide as if to howl but no sound emerged. His head turned side to side in agony.
"What's happening? What can I do?"
Edna shook her head.
"He's in pain. Humans can't tolerate what an animal can."
I squeezed his hand, paw, whatever.
"I'm here, Malcolm. Be strong. You can do this."
The process continued for what seemed like hours when in reality it was over in minutes. The fur receded into the skin, his bones growing at the same time, reforming and twisting. It was actually quite amazing. Tears were streaming down my cheeks. I wanted him to be all right. I wanted to take the pain for him. His face contorted lastly and configured into the man I was used to seeing.
Edna hooked another bag to the IV line.
"Morphine. To ease the pain."
He was lying on his back now. I had forgotten that he wasn't wearing any clothes. Didn't even matter right then. He turned his head toward me, eyes groggy. One corner of his mouth curved up just enough to notice. I think it was a smile. Wasn't it? I tightened my hand around his. He knew I was there. His eyelids closed and he was unconscious again.
"He'll be out for a while. I had to give him a pretty large dose. He was hurt badly. Now that he's shifted I can monitor him differently."
"Will he be okay now?"
"It's hard to say. Shifting is a good sign. Let's go with that for now."
William would want to know. Oh ya, he was out somewhere setting my friend up for death. My body began to tremble. I think it was stress relief. And more tears! I haven't cried this much since I was a kid. Get a grip, Jen.
Holly and I prepared Malcolm's room for him. We figured he'd be more comfortable in his own bed. We would have to wait for some of the guys to get back to help move him. Edna said he was stable enough and it was best to do it while the Morphine was in effect. I had picked some wild flowers from outside and placed a vase on the nightstand. Guys might act as if they don't like the girly stuff but I know they do. Don't they? Well, anyway, I wanted to make the room pleasant for him.
I decided to push aside the human/wolf dilemma for a while. There were more urgent matters at hand right now. Whatever ridiculous ideas these guys had come up with would have to be dealt with. I couldn't let them put Chris in harm's way. He was a good person and it just wasn't fair.
"I think it's my decision, Jen, not yours. I'm a grown man. I know how to think for myself."
So he put me in my place once again. He was getting pretty good at that these days.
"You know what, Chris, you're right. You are a grown man. And when you start thinking like one, let me know."
I went to retrieve my purse and car keys. I needed to get away for a while. Home. That's where I was going. To my home. My house with my stuff in it. In the peace and quiet where all of this crap didn't exist. I would grab some fast food, smoke lots of cigarettes, and maybe even get drunk if I felt like it. Their curious wolfen eyes watched me as I unlocked the car door and seated myself. The inside was sweltering but at the moment I didn't care. I started the engine and kicked the air conditioner on high, allowing the dry heat to blow into my face. It would cool off eventually. I popped open the glove box, took a Marlboro from the pack and lit it. The smoke burned my throat as I took the first, long drag. It was great! Now, to find a beer.
By the time I reached the paved portion of the road, the air had reached its peak of coolness. My hair tousled in all directions with gratitude. The sweat on my skin now left a clammy sort of feel. Sticky. A cool shower would be nice. But first on the list, Micky D's fries!
I can't believe I let myself get so wrapped up in this mess. All I wanted to do was protect Chris. Next thing I know, I'm surrounded by a litter of puppies and their papa dog. Ridiculous. I was still worried about Thomas as well. I would try again to contact him. I must have reached civilized airspace again because my phone chimed with a message. I flipped open to listen.
"I've been trying to find you guys. The cabin is a mess. What happened out there? Anyway, call me."
Oh ya, he had no idea what's been going on since we dropped Chris off. Can't imagine how I'm supposed to explain this one. Guess I'd better come up with something. I didn't want to lie to him. Maybe I could just leave some parts out. That's not lying. Not really. Better to tell a lie I suppose than to get him involved any deeper.
I took the note he had left off the door and walked inside, opening all the curtains to let in some natural light. I wasn't afraid anymore. If the leopards wanted me, so be it. Doesn't even matter now. I should get a puppy. Ha ha. A real puppy. It would be nice to come home to a little friend that would love me unconditionally. How could anyone be unhappy with a cute little puppy running around?
The iced tea in my fridge would surely be sour by now so I started a pan of water to boil for a new batch. Can't live in the south without drinking iced tea. Just wouldn't be natural. Then I laid out some clean clothes and stretched across the bed on my back to call Thomas.
"I know, I know. I'm sorry. It's a long story. Just come by tonight and I'll explain everything."
Not everything, but you get the picture. He would probably give me grief but he'll get over it. After scrubbing myself clean and smelling good again, I poured a glass of tea and booted up the laptop. I'm home old friend! Now I could relax and think of nothing for the rest of the day.
While surfing the web, I found myself on a site that explained wereanimals. It naturally caught my attention and I was hours deep before I realized. Of course, it's just one person's opinion or knowledge. Maybe not even true. We all had grown up thinking it was fantasy or fairy tale. Maybe if I closed my eyes tight, it would all go away and things would be back to normal again. But I'm an adult now and I know it doesn't work that way.
It was almost dark outside when Thomas arrived. He walked his skinny self up the steps and entered with a twelve-pack in hand. A huge grin filled my face. I popped the tab with pleasure. I let out a big, unacceptable in public burp. It was wonderful. Thomas didn't have the usual personality about him but I suppose that's to be expected. I let the alcohol begin to take affect before explanation.
"The cabin is in a mess. There was some kind of fight. What happened?"
I stumbled at first and then it simply rolled off my tongue.
"He didn't know what they were. A couple of animals came in and started fighting each other. He ran out. You know he's scared of everything."
He laughed at that comment because it was true. Chris was always jumpy around critters. I'm not the only one with that phobia. I told him that William offered him to stay at his house. That seemed to satisfy him for a bit. But not for long.
"The cops are still looking for him. They're sure he's the one that killed Chelsea. They aren't even looking for anyone else so I guess the real killer is just gonna get away with it."
"Not for long."
It came out of my mouth before I could stop it.
"What do you mean?"
I explained that the guy Chris caught her in bed with was Darius. I told him as much about the jealousy story as I could without giving away too much. That one of William's buddies overheard him telling the story in a bar after having one too many. Apparently, no one else believed him or they would have called the police. At least now we know what really happened.
"All we have to do now is prove it."
"That's not gonna be as easy as it sounds. This good ol' boy group of cops we got here aren't gonna want to listen to any of us."
Thomas had plenty of run-ins with them himself. He knew how the system worked.
"I know. But I think there is someone who might. A female cop. She came by here to ask some questions. I'm not sure but I think we could trust her."

~ ~ ~

"This is wicked, Madison! What have you gotten yourself into? I've never seen anything like this. It's unreal."
Ben was astonished by his most recent discoveries. The blood and hair that Officer Howard had brought him was an exact match to the previous sample. The DNA strands were unlike anything ever found.
"I mean, this is amazing! I could be the first to have discovered an inhuman species. I'll be rich!"
"Hold on there, hotshot. You can't breathe a word of this to anyone. You gave your word."
He gave a pouty face but agreed once again. She now had proof that whatever happened in that cabin was somehow connected to Chelsea Gray. Forget that it was abnormal DNA. Forget that she had no idea who, or what, it came from. She was close now. Real close.
"There's something else." Ben went on. "A different strand came from one of the hair samples. It's just as weird though. Only, it doesn't match. Again, there are the human elements that are clearly seen but whatever else it contains, I've never seen before. Not like this. I can't seem to put a finger on it right now but give me some time and I'll figure it out."
She knew he would. Ben was the best. She had no doubt that he would do great things in his career. This could not be the cause of his success though. She had to keep this quiet. There was no way she was going to let Mercer take credit for anything. Or any of his 'boys' for that matter.
When she returned to her car, she had a missed call on her cell. There was a message from Jenson Bennett to meet her tomorrow at Sportsman Lake. She had some information that would interest her.
Chapter 14

The pack worked through the night making preparations. There were clues to be placed here and there that would lead the police to Darius. They were setting him up to remove suspicion away from Chris. They agreed that Chris had proven his loyalty on two separate occasions and were willing to help him in return. The only problem was that in order to do so, it could bring attention to the hidden world of shifters. Even though the leopards were now their rival, outing them could only lead to further and more complicated problems for the pack.
William had contemplated the situation thoroughly before making the final decisions. He took special care to ensure that all members knew not to leave any evidence whatsoever that could be traced back to them. The goal at hand; set up the scene to guide the police through the night Chelsea died and implicate Darius as the killer.
During the time they held Brendon captive, he was more than willing to talk. Definitely not a dominant. He told them where to find Chelsea's car. It had been drove into a rock quarry where it sank to the bottom. The area was so well hidden that only locals would even know where it was located. Some of the younger folks would go there on hot days and jump from the bouldering wall into the ice-cold spring water. No one had ever determined the exact depth. Pulling the car out would be the challenging part. But the wolves were strong, massively strong, and together they made the task happen.
The car turned out to be in good shape, other than being water soaked. They tied it to the bumper of a 4x4 and pulled it with ease, leaving it in a not so obvious place just off the main road. It took more time to cover all of their tracks than it did to remove the car. Once the task was complete, they moved on to the next.
William had sent a couple of the wolves to retrieve items from Chelsea's apartment. The police had left yellow tape across the door so no one had cleaned up inside yet. They took hair from her brush and some clothing that she had already wore. They also found some very usable weapons from the kitchen and coat closet: a butcher knife and a small machete. Why she kept a machete, they couldn't figure but thanks for making it easier.
Another team was sent back to the cabin. It was still in shambles from the fight. They picked through the fur that was clumped here and there, ensuring that they only got leopard hair. There was blood on several things. That was kind of tricky. They certainly didn't want to use anything that would lead to Chris or Jonas. Maybe the hair would be enough. Afterward, they cleaned the cabin from top to bottom, leaving no trace that there had ever been a struggle. It wasn't necessary to cover footprints around the place. Animals and people trekked through this area all the time. That wouldn't appear unusual to the untrained eye.
They wrapped each weapon separately with Chelsea's clothing, adding the fine hairs inside each bundle. One was buried near, very near, where the killing had occurred and the other would be a little closer to the leopard lair. Real close.
Now that everything was in place, the next step was to put together the meeting with Chris and Darius. Everyone met back at the pack house. William needed to hear all of their ideas in order to form the master plan. The room's atmosphere was stimulated with excitement. The hunt. They appeared almost giddy when discussing the plans to get Darius. All except Abbey. She kept to herself. In the end, she would follow William's orders to the death. That didn't mean she had to agree with the decision.
"That's it then. Anybody have any questions about the details?"
William looked around the room, taking care to have eye contact with each of his wolves.
"We all go in and we all come out. Together."
The room exploded in war cries. They acted as if they'd just made it to the NBA finals. William only hoped their enthusiasm lasted through to the end. He had a good pack. They were a family. Somewhere along the way, one went astray. He wouldn't allow that to happen ever again.
Malcolm lay in his bed, the television screen blank, the room dark. William sat in a chair watching him. He'd never seen his Beta in such a vulnerable position. Malcolm was the strongest wolf he knew. This never would have happened had Penn been true to the family. He is the one that let this happen. He is the one that would pay. William had a decision to make. It was already clear to him what he had to do. As he stood to leave the room, Malcolm opened his eyes.
"Keep your head clear, Will. Don't let vengeance lead you."
William paused in the doorway. With his back still turned, he responded.
"Vengeance is the only thing keeping my head clear."
He slowly stepped away from the room. It pained Malcolm's heart to see William this way. They had grown up together as brothers. Never once did he feel envy or jealousy because he didn't hold the Alpha position. Truth be told, he really didn't want the responsibility that went with the title. He was proud of William for becoming the man and leader that he now is. The longer he lay there, the angrier he became. He wanted to go with them, be a part of the plan, and be there for William.
He tried to raise himself up on elbow. Excruciating pain shot through his insides like a bolt of lightening. He was unable to contain the shout that followed his agony. Edna came running, as well as William and Abbey. Malcolm was holding his stomach, eyes pinched shut. Sweat emitted from his brow. He rolled his head from side to side in attempt to stop thinking about the hurt. Edna knew what he had done and was furious with him.
"You cannot do that! You are not ready. You must allow yourself time to heal."
She vigilantly took his vitals and checked his bandaged wounds.
"You have broken ribs to mend. Not to mention your insides were torn to pieces. If I have to restrain you to this bed I will!"
Edna was like the mother figure to the pack. She did not take her job lightly. You either followed her instructions or felt her wrath. In this case, Malcolm was not able to defy her. He complied with her orders and eventually caught his breath. The pain slowly eased with the medication she shot into his arm. William knew how stubborn his friend could be so he ordered Edna and Holly to stay behind, just in case he tried something stupid again.
Chris had not said much during the past few hours. He had listened to other's suggestions and gave his own input. Once the plan was in order, he realized what lay ahead of him. What sounded like a good plan in the beginning was not looking so smart now. These animals could rip him to shreds within seconds. He could not win facing even one of them. He decided he would definitely have some sort of weapon on him, just in case. But then again, what good would it do? He would not be able to get to it in time should he be attacked. That would be the part where he had to have full trust in the wolves. They were bigger, faster and stronger than the leopards. He knew this. And deep down, he knew that they would protect him as they would one of their own. After all, William said he was family now, right? This was going to make a cool story to tell his grandchildren one day.

~ ~ ~

I opened my eyes to sunlight pouring through the parted curtains. Sometime during the night, I must have made it to my bed. I just don't remember doing that. Thomas and I had drunk a lot of beer. In fact, we had made another trip to pick up some more once the twelve-pack ran out. My head was pounding and my mouth felt like it was full of cotton balls. The only thing I wanted to do was relieve my bladder and drink a gallon of water. My stomach rolled when I stood to get to the bathroom. Fortunately, I didn't upchuck last night's dinner. That's always a plus.
I splashed cold water on my face and swished mouthwash around on my gums, too lazy to actually spend time brushing my teeth. Thomas was sprawled out on the couch, mouth gaping open with a little bit of drool running down his cheek. Can't imagine what his breath smelled like! His shirt was pulled up in one hand, revealing his stomach. I never paid attention before to how skinny he is. I could count his ribs from across the room!
"Thomas, wake up! You gotta go. I have things to do."
He squinched his eyes from the daylight, releasing a loud yawn at the same time.
"Can't I sleep here? It's not like I'm gonna rob you or anything."
"No. You gotta go."
I couldn't take the chance of leaving him here, not knowing if the leopards were watching my house. They might get stupid and kidnap him for security or something. He lifted himself up and put his shoes on.
"Fine. It's not like you got anything worth stealing anyway, you know."
Jerk. Why was he my friend again? I expect we don't always have to like the people we care about. Thinking back on when we first met, he was a jerk then too but I found him funny. I always have been a sucker for someone who could make me laugh.
"I'm not trying to be rude. Just don't know when I'll make it back home."
He didn't say much more. He took the last three beers from the refrigerator and left. I hoped I hadn't hurt his feelings but I suppose it's better than getting him hurt physically. I made a mental note to make it up to him when this was all over with. I changed my clothes and was on my way.
Sportsman's Lake was only a ten-minute drive from my house. The message I left for Officer Howard asked her to meet me there. I wanted to arrive a few minutes early so I could prepare myself mentally. I had to be careful not to give away too much. I parked on the backside of the lake and took a seat at a picnic table. I could still see the front gate and would notice when she drove through. At this point, my stomach started to feel a bit nauseous. Was I doing the right thing? I know William thought he could handle this but I wasn't so sure. This time it involved a human. A friend of mine. No, I was doing the right thing.
Her car came to a slow, rolling stop just feet from the cement table I didn't get up. I don't thing my legs would have held me if I tried. When she stepped out, she didn't look the way I remembered. No uniform. Quite normal actually. She had on shorts and a t-shirt and her Nike sneakers got brownie points. Matter of fact, she was pretty. She smiled and took a seat across the table from me.
"I was worried you wouldn't show."
I don't know why she would say that. Wasn't I the one that asked her to come?
"I was thinking the same thing about you."
I had no idea where to begin. Luckily, Officer Howard was experienced at interviewing due to her line of work, so she took the lead.
"I can sense your reluctance but I imagine you have something you want to tell me or you wouldn't have asked me here. Tell you what; this will be strictly off the record. Just between you and me."
I tried to read her expression. I expected there to be some kind of sign or something to let me know if I could trust her. I had already come this far. This was my last chance to turn back.
"Does it have anything to do with Chris Reynolds?"
And there it was. She said the right thing to get a reaction from me. Not much. But just enough for her to notice. Then I caved. I nodded my head in the slightest.
"You have to keep this to yourself. No one else can know. I don't trust those guys you work with. I think you know why."
Howard nodded in agreement so I continued.
"I know where he is. And there's a perfectly good reason so don't go thinking he's hiding out. Well, he is, but not from the police. He didn't kill Chelsea."
She was a good listener. I kept waiting for her to interject but she never did. She just listened. I wasn't used to that, coming from a police officer.
"I know who really killed her. She was seeing someone else behind Chris' back."
"Darius?"
There was no hiding the surprise on my face. I couldn't believe she knew of him. I wondered at that point just how much more she had figured out. I had to be really careful. Think before you speak, Jenson. Don't get rattled.
"He's bad. I mean real bad. I've never met anyone so evil before in my life. I'm scared for Chris."
"Tell me about him."
I explained the secret relationship and what happened the night Chris caught them together. The same night that Chelsea was murdered.
"He's obsessed with jealousy and rage. He won't stop until he gets Chris too. You've gotta stop him before it's too late."
I put some extra fear in my voice for emphasis. I hoped it would convince her to help. Girls understand each other you know.
"Where are they going to meet?"
"At the old abandoned feed mill in Crane Hill. Tomorrow night."
She had a serious look on her face. I wasn't sure if she believed me. I wasn't sure if I could trust her. Sherriff Mercer wasn't my most favorite person in the world. He would probably arrest me too if he knew I had anything to do with this. All I could do was sit there and wait. I picked at a leaf that had landed on the picnic table, wondering if I should say more.
"Where's he staying now?"
Okay, here we go.
"I can't tell you that."
"I could consider that withholding information. Obstruction of justice."
"You said this was off the record. Between you and me."
At this point she stood.
"Yes, I did. And it is. But after tomorrow night, that agreement is no longer in place. Do you understand what I'm telling you?"
I assumed she meant that whatever went down, she wouldn't be able to protect me from that point forward. So I simply nodded. She told me to stay home and not to interfere. Let her handle it. Seemed like everyone in my life these days was telling me the same thing. I suppose they thought I would listen too. I told her I would wait to hear from her but, truth be told, I couldn't promise that would happen.
We went our separate ways. I figured William was plenty angry with me by now. I had left without even telling him. I'm sure he would figure out that I had gone home. He would probably have some of his wolves watching me anyway. Oops. I hadn't thought of that one. What if they were monitoring my actions and reporting back to William? They would have seen me talking to Officer Howard. He would be furious.
I thought it might be best to lay low for a while. Create the illusion that things were normal. I stopped through a drive-thru on the way home. I'm a fast-food junkie for life. Good thing William has people around him that like to cook because if I'm the one he spends the rest of his life with, I definitely won't become the chef-type wife most men are looking for. Matter of fact, I'm not much of a homemaker at all. I think I probably dust once a year at the most!
I opened the windows to air out the house. At this point, I didn't worry about any wereanimals coming in. A closed window wouldn't stop them anyway. It was also a good time to catch up on my laundry. That's one chore I have no choice but to do. If not, I wouldn't have anything to wear. My budget doesn't allow for a huge wardrobe so I tend to run out of clean clothes quickly.
The rumble from the laundry room made for a great ambiance while reading a mystery novel. I think I have probably started reading five or six books and haven't been able to finish even one of them yet. Maybe I should invest in a small backpack or something to keep them in. Would probably be more practical than a purse, considering my new lifestyle. Then I could just grab it and go, having everything I need at all times. So, I lounged on the couch with a glass of iced tea and a fresh novel. My favorite pastime.
Not far into the story, I heard a car pull into the drive. Thomas had returned. I don't think there would be any getting rid of him at this point. I didn't want to hurt his feelings again. Besides, there was no real need for privacy until tomorrow night. I would have to sacrifice my alone time to keep my friend happy. Again. Isn't that how it always goes?
"I was just thinkin. Why don't we ride out to your boyfriend's house? See what's up with Chris."
He headed straight for the kitchen to put beer in the fridge and junk food on the counter. Didn't leave me much time to come up with an excuse.
"William and I had a little, um, tiff. Might not be such a good idea."
"Ya, ya. That's what couples do. So let's go then!"
Wow, I didn't expect this. I needed to do something to pacify his curiosity. I got the feeling he wasn't buying this whole story. And kicking him out this morning only added to his suspicions.
"Let me give him a call. I don't want to just show up uninvited."
I went into the bedroom and shut the door.
"He can't know anything, Jen. Just the two of you knowing is enough. Promise you won't tell him anything about the pack."
"I won't. I promise. He just needs to see Chris to know he's okay. That's all."
A quick shower and a change of clothes, then I was ready to go. Well, as ready as I could be. I won't lie. I was very nervous. Somehow I don't think Thomas would be as excited by all this crap like Chris was. He doesn't have such a happy-go-lucky attitude. Everything is always black and white with him. Literally.
Conversation is never lacking with Thomas. He babbled during the entire drive. My mind was far off, thinking about what was about to happen. Surely they would have their stories straight. And how would Thomas handle all of the people hanging around? If he asked too many questions, I'm not sure I would know how to respond. The view of William's house from the dirt drive stunned him.
"Whoa! This guy must be loaded. What did you say he does for a living?"
I just smirked, letting him know that was a rude question.
"Try to be civilized when you get in there."
He was out of the car and walking towards the door. I had to quicken my step to keep up. He knocked on the door before I could give more instructions. To my surprise, Chris answered. They had their moment of male bonding in the doorway, blocking my entry.
"Excuse me." I cleared my throat. "If you two have finished your mating ritual, I would like to come in."
"Ha ha. Funny, Jen."
I wasn't sure how William was going to receive me. I was positive that he would be angry. Not just for leaving, but for bringing. Thomas here as well. To my surprise, the living room area was empty. I immediately thought of Malcolm and went toward his room. He was sleeping soundly. I didn't wake him. Then I went to William's room. Empty. Back to Chris.
"Where is everybody?" Oops.
"Who's everybody?" Thomas asked.
"I meant William. Where is he?"
"Outside. He said he'll be right back."
Okay, whatever secret they were keeping was working. I was not comfortable at all. It felt almost creepy. I went to the windowed wall, no one in sight all the way down to the lake. I know they had to be here. It was too dangerous for them all to leave. Penn was still in the shed. Penn! I had completely forgotten about him. If Thomas were to stumble across a man being held captive, I would never be able to explain.
"Um, I'm gonna get something from the car."
I back stepped toward the front door, trying to be inconspicuous. Wondering if Chris could handle the questions, I bumped into something. I turned to see what it was and stepped on William's foot.
"Hi, beautiful."
His smile blew me away. Trying to cope with all of the emotional issues, I had completely forgotten how absolutely gorgeous he is. I flung my arms around his neck and buried my face in his chest. I inhaled deeply, taking in his masculine scent. His arms greeted me in return, embracing me tightly. For just that minute, the rest of the world didn't exist.
He tactfully removed my body from his, took me by the elbow and waist, and led us into the living room. He extended his hand to Thomas in greeting.
"Good to see you, Thomas."
I think Thomas was as mesmerized by William as I am. He actually fumbled for words!
"Ya...um...how's it goin?"
William quickly defused the tension by offering a beer. He obviously knew the way to Thomas' heart as well. The three of them together were almost unbearable. I got my cue to leave when they started talking about women. I really didn't want to stick around for that.
Malcolm way lying in his bed, OMG, reading a book. One of my books! I think it embarrassed him to be caught. He snapped it shut and quickly stuck it under the covers.
"I think you forgot to mark your page."
We both grinned. I pulled a chair close and took a seat, noticing that Edna was nowhere to be seen. 
"How you feeling?"
"Better."
He seemed like he wanted to say something more but couldn't find the words. Then, out of nowhere, it just came pouring out.
"I want to thank you. I know I haven't been the most receiving wolf in the pack. I gave you no reason to like me. But you were there anyway. I knew you were there. It gave me strength. A reason to stay."
"You would've done the same for me."
I recognized the doubt in his expression.
"You would. You may not think so, but you would."
He decided to let that part of the conversation go.
"William loves you. If you are the woman he has chosen then I can't stand in his way. This is a very odd situation for us. I don't know how it's going to work but I'll do my best to acknowledge it. The pack is the most important thing in my life. It's a family."
"I would never do anything to hurt your family, Malcolm."
"I know this now. Welcome."
He held out his hand and I took it. We sat for a few seconds unspeaking. He was aware of Thomas in the house and knew the deal.
"I'll bring you something to eat. Don't want that hot body going slack on us, right?"
He laughed at that one and I made my departure. Maybe Malcolm wasn't ready to accept a human into their lives but at least I would make sure he liked me. He was William's best friend and Beta. It wouldn't do for us not to get along. Besides, I'm a likable person. I have friends. Right?
The little boys were playing their little video game while William sat in a chair, one leg crossing the other, absorbing their behavior. It was like watching ten-year-old children. I plopped down on the chair arm and snuggled up to my boyfriend. His arm naturally enveloped me and pulled me in. I think the clock had stopped. I just wanted to take Thomas away from there. And where was everybody?
Just as I was thinking that, I caught movement from the corner of my eye. Outside in the yard. Of course! He had them take animal form and stay outside. I should've guessed that. While we were inside waiting for Thomas to be satisfied, the pack was protecting the surrounding area from leopards and guarding Penn. I still didn't know what William intended on doing withh Penn. I felt bad for him, living out there like an animal. I realize he is a werewolf, but he had a human side as well.
"It'll be over soon, Jen. He won't be out there much longer."
How did he do that? He knew exactly what I was thinking. We were definitely gonna have to discuss this were-power stuff. I think I need to know if he is able to read my mind.
"I noticed you glanced in that direction. It's hard for me too. You must keep in mind that we aren't like humans. We handle things differently. Penn will be fine."
Well that explains it. I have a readable face. Something else I would have to work on.
"You bout ready to head out, Jen?"
Thomas was standing in front of us and I hadn't even noticed.
"Sure."
William's expression immediately tightened.
"Here, take my truck."
He tossed Thomas the keys.
"Jenson is staying here tonight."
He gave him a sly wink and Thomas grinned like a Cheshire cat.
"Gotcha. Gimme a call tomorrow and I'll get it back to you."
He all but ran to the front door. William drove a pickup that most country boys only dreamed about. I knew he wouldn't go straight home. He would want to be seen. He had a girl-getter now.
"No drinking, Thomas. I'm serious."
I gave him my best mother-knows-best face and he knew I meant business.
"Calm down, Jen. I'm not two years old."
He might not be older than two years but I'd swear I saw him skipping across the yard before jumping into the driver's seat. Maybe I should buy him a jump rope to play with. William stood behind me, his hand softly placed on my shoulder. He squeezed my neck gently before speaking. That definitely brought my attention back to the present.
"He will be fine. Let the man have some fun. Besides, we certainly needed to get him away from here without causing suspicion."
William was right, again. He was more in control of this situation than I wanted to give him credit.
"Ya, but at my expense. Now he thinks we're gonna be rolling around between red satin sheets while you take full advantage of my femininity."
"I do not have red satin sheets. Will white linen be sufficient?"
I put an elbow in his stomach and marched away. He got a snigger out of that one. So he's a funny man now. I'd show him. I didn't intend to roll around with him on any kind of sheets! Then again, he could be very persuasive.
William had given the 'all clear' signal and the pack slowly began to trickle in. I remembered when I had wanted a normal visit with my boyfriend, just he and I, enjoying one another. I was beginning to get used to everyone being around now. There wouldn't always be this many people hanging out but the current state of affairs made it necessary. It was somewhat homey having the chatter of voices around me.
Abbey had returned. She didn't seem her normal self. Usually, she would be sucked up to Chris, giggling at his every word. Making a spectacle of herself was more like it. There I go again, letting that unexpected jealousy surface again. What's wrong with me? Anyway, it concerned me that she was being standoffish. William had moved into conversation with some of the guys so I took the opportunity to stick my nose in her business.
"Hey, Abbey."
She gave me a half-hearted smile but I wasn't falling for that.
"Wanna come outside with me? I could use some fresh air."
She obliged of course. I don't know if she was just being polite or if she really wanted some girl time too. Didn't matter. I intended to get to the meat of things. We sat at the patio table. I had brought iced tea for both of us. Seems like a cold glass of sweet tea always makes things nicer. Kind of like hot chocolate in the winter. She accepted but didn't indulge just yet. We sat staring at the sparkling lake before I finally decided to clear my throat and break the ice.
"I have to be honest. I lured you out here to pry. I noticed you weren't being yourself and was wondering if anything is wrong?"
She glanced at me for a second, then back at the water, then back at me.
"This idea is insane, Jenson. He's going to get killed!"
She did her best to prevent the tears in her eyes from falling.
"Who's getting killed?" Then I realized. "Oh, oh no. Abbey, that won't happen."
Her heart was aching for the man she had fallen for. I never thought that she might have actual feelings for the guy. I figured it was just a crush and would wear off. Wow. What now?
"Come on. Let's take a walk."
I took her hand and we snuck away into the woods. Well, snuck away is probably a bad choice of words. You don't sneak away from werewolves. Of course they would know exactly where we were. It just felt a little more private away from nosy eyes and ears.
"Abbey, listen to me. I'm scared too. But William knows what he's doing. You have to trust in that. He's a smart, strong pack leader."
I heard the words come from my mouth but wasn't sure I believed them myself.
"I know he is. And I've never had reason to doubt him before."
"Then don't start now. Having feelings for Chris doesn't change who you are, who the wolves are, or how good an Alpha William is."
That got her attention.
"Now I feel guilty. William is the best. I would never turn my back on him."
Now it was time for some girl advice.
"And you won't now. You wanna know how to win Chris over? Let him prove to you that he's a man. He has the most fragile male ego I have ever seen in a guy. Sometimes, even though we know better, we have to let them believe that they are the strong ones. You're gonna be there, right? So protect him. He doesn't have to know that's what you're doing."
"But that's just not logical. He's human. The wereleopards can shred him. Doesn't he know that?"
"Of course he knows that! That's why it's important for him to prove he is brave. That he's...the man."
I flexed my muscles for emphasis. The smile on her face let me know it worked.
"I think I understand. You human types are very complicated."
I gave her a hug and we made our way back toward the house. The roving wolves were not trying to be inconspicuous now. They were there for a purpose. To let the leopards know whose territory this is. It seemed to be effective. There were no leopards anywhere near the area. I wondered for how long that would last. Maybe Darius was smarter than I had given him credit as well.
Abbey had found her place beside Chris again and, before long, they were back to their usual cheesy grins. It was still gross. I looked around the room and noticed everyone seemed to be involved in one thing or another. I was feeling a bit out of place. What was my purpose here? To be the pretty little Alpha mate that had no say-so in anything? Apparently, William didn't know me very well yet.
"Malcolm, I need to talk to you."
He sat himself up slowly.
"You're a wolf, right?"
"Last time I looked."
"Right." Guess I didn't start out so hot. "No, that's not what I meant. I need wolf advice."
His head cocked to the side, his mouth tweaking on one end.
"Trouble in paradise?"
"Get your mind out of the gutter. It's nothing like that."
He gave a theatrical pout.
"This stuff is all new to me and I'm not sure how it works. So, William is in charge of the pack. But I'm not part of the pack. But he's somehow chosen me, as you say. Just because he picked me doesn't mean I'm one of you now. I'm still me."
"You are confused of your role here."
"Yes! I'm his girlfriend, sure, but that doesn't give him the right to dominate. Does it?"
"Well, actually, in our world it does. That isn't going to work for you, is it? I can tell you are a strong female specimen. I could smell it when we first met."
"You smelled me? Does everyone smell me?"
He laughed out loud this time.
"That's what we do, Jenson. Be thankful no one smelled your butt first!"
He belted out a cackle that had him holding his ribs.
"Ha ha. I didn't know you were a comedian. You're just not understanding."
"That's where you are wrong. I completely understand. William is Alpha. That will never change. Some things about us you must accept willingly whether you like it or not. It's just the way it is. If that is something you can't deal with, then maybe he's not the one for you."
I didn't like that response and I think it showed.
"Look at it from another angle. You hooked the most important man in the pack. You're the shit girl! Take advantage of it. Enjoy it. And realize, if he truly cares for you, there is nothing in the world he would not do for you. He will always, I mean always, be there for you and protect you."
We both sat unspeaking for a few minutes. He had made a good point.
"This is not easy for us either you know. I mean, you're human. William is like royalty and you are like the peasant girl. Not of royal stock."
I started to interject but he held up a hand and continued.
"We thought Abbey would be his next mate. She's the most logical choice."
"Abbey! His next mate! How many has he had?"
"She is female Alpha. She is purebred. They were destined to mate and carry on our race. Ensure our existence. If he has chosen you, what will happen to us?"
This was more than I had anticipated. Much more.
"You resent me?"
"In a way. But you're growing on me."
At least he was honest.
"This whole plan of his. You think it's gonna work? You think he can outsmart Darius?"
"We've never lost, Jenson. I do not expect we will now."
"I'm worried for Chris. He's my best friend you know. I care for him like you do your pack members."
"Yes, I suppose you do. He's a good kid. Smart. I think he will do just fine. Give him a chance."
I'm not sure if I thought Malcolm would have taken my side or not but so far, he wasn't saying the things I wanted to hear. It made sense though.
"I think I messed up, Malcolm. Now, before I tell you, don't overreact. You have to stay calm so you don't hurt yourself."
His eyes narrowed, knowing he wasn't going to like this. I told him about my visit with Officer Howard. As expected, it wasn't a good reaction.
"Calm down! Calm down! You're gonna reinjure something."
"I can't believe you did that! What were you thinking?"
"I was thinking that I could help. I was thinking that Chris was going to die. I was thinking that William was a crazy animal going off half-cocked and acting on rash emotions rather than sensibility!"
"You've got to tell him. You must. You can't set him up like this. Do you have any idea how much harm you may have caused our kind? Do you!"
I had really upset him. This had gotten way out of hand.
"Okay, okay! I do now. So how do I fix it? She won't let it go now. She's intent on getting the killer."
"You have to tell him. Just go tell him. Damn. Go tell him."
He would become enraged. Would he hurt me? Would he turn into wolf form and attack me? Was I in the category with Penn now? Oh God, would he tie me up in the shed with him now? I wanted to run. Run away from everything. What had I done?
I peered around the corner and saw him leaning against the counter, no shirt, muscles bulging and drinking a cup of coffee. My body began to tremble from nerves. I had to do it. I had to tell him. I took a few steps toward him, his eyes met mine, and I panicked. I turned around quickly and bolted through the front door. I have no idea where I thought I was going but I had to get out of there. Naturally, he was on my heels immediately. He grabbed my arm and turned me around.
"Don't put me in there! Please don't put me in there!"
I was sobbing now. Terrified. He pulled me close and I collapsed against his chest. It was uncontrollable. Every time I tried to speak, the words came out gargled.
"Jen, calm down. What happened? Has someone hurt you? Tell me."
His face was pained. He would hate me!
"I can't. I can't. Please don't put me in there!"
He moved me away so he could look into my eyes. I was frightened and trembling. He released my arms.
"You think I will harm you?"
His face saddened.
"I would never hurt you, Jenson. Never."
I slid down to my knees and caught my breath. Slowly, cautiously, the words came flowing. I told him the entire story.
"I never thought about what it would do to the pack. I never considered how it could bring harm to you. I'm such a fool!"
I covered my face and the tears came again. William sat on the grass beside me, unspeaking. I thought time had stopped. If he would just say something. Anything.
"The damage is done." He paused again. "It may not be as bad as you think. You know, it may even work to our favor."
I looked up in amazement.
"If Chris can get him to talk, she will have her confession. She will arrest him and Chris will be cleared. Not bad, Jen. Not bad at all."
He patted me on the back! What the hell? He was smiling.
"But, I betrayed you. I thought you would, that I would..."
I looked toward the shed. Concern grew on his face.
"You thought I would put you in there with Penn?"
His arms embraced me and squeezed.
"I would never, ever do that to you. Do not ever think that I would let something bad happen to you. Much less be the one to enforce it. Look at me."
He tipped my chin up to make our eyes meet.
"I love you, Jenson Bennett. Love does not hurt. It feels wonderful. We have much to talk about after tomorrow night. For now relax, dry your eyes and kiss me."
I melted. This man was not for real. How could he love me? How could he be so kind to me after what I had done? I didn't deserve him.

"No problem!" Chris was excited. "It's elementary. He's the playground bully. I've dealt with many idiots like him. He's goin down!"
The room exploded. I can't believe how they have embraced him so quickly. It's as if he's been one of them all along. While they were busy discussing the new plan, I backed away and returned to Malcolm's bedside.
"Hmm. I would not have expected that reaction."
"Me either. I was terrified."
"He surprises me daily. Guess you really have got him hooked."
That statement offended me.
"That's a pretty chauvinistic thing to say."
"Call it what you want, but it's true. Did he even growl? No, of course he didn't. I'd venture to say that whatever your previous concerns, you can now throw them out the door. You are definitely his chosen."
I suppose I already knew that. I suppose now I simply had to accept the fact.
"Malcolm, I have a feeling you and I are going to disagree on many things in the future."
"I have a feeling you are correct."
I gave him a gentle hug and departed.
"Something smells good."
The aroma emitting from the kitchen made my stomach growl. Abbey leapt toward me.
"Jonas and Holly are cooking. She's the best. I'm gonna have to get her to teach me. I have no business in the kitchen!"
She dragged me over to the couch and scrunched between Chris and me, an arm hooked between one of ours.
"Isn't this great? We're going to take down those leopards and Chris is going to be the hero!"
Oh, puke! She was laying it on pretty thick. I never told her to go that far. Now we were back to extremely gross.
"Ya, he's the big bad warrior now."
He gave me that 'shut up' look and absorbed every minute of it. He would be unbearable if they pulled this off. Just unbearable.
After everyone had eaten, the house was winding down. People were dispersing and it was quiet. I suppose they resided in their own homes. Surely they didn't all live here. Maybe they just slept outside? Nah. That couldn't be. After all, they are civilized. I had no idea what the sleeping arrangements would be for William and me. I'm sure he would take care of that too. Maybe I should take Malcolm's advice. Relax and enjoy the ride. I found a book and an empty chair in the corner. Breathe in, breathe out.
I was reading the words, turning the pages, but couldn't tell you the story line. My mind had wandered in a different direction. This was a family here and William had pulled me into it unknowingly. I'd been hit with this crazy crap about werewolves and expected to understand. Well, I don't understand any of it but I can certainly accept it. Some things I simply wasn't sure about. If William is my boyfriend, then are we going to marry one day? Will we have children together? What happens if we break up? Do they have me killed so I can tell no one? What if Chris wants to leave? Sure, he seems happy now, jumped right in. But I know him. He won't be happy in one place for very long. Especially with one girl. He'll need to hang out. And when he drinks, his mouth will take over. What if he accidentally tells someone? Would they kill him?
Violence seems to be such a big part of their world. Even the day I met them all at the lake, a situation got rather heated over football. This could be a dangerous route to take. I was sucked in so quickly by William's gorgeous body and manners that I didn't even consider the outcome. Now that I'm here, I don't know if I could make the decision to leave. Not because he would stop me, but because I am deeply in love with him. It feels so right when I look at him or when he touches me. Something quite special is there. I tingle deep down just by thinking of him. I get chill bumps when he smiles at me. Butter. Oh, who am I kidding? I'm not going anywhere.
"Any good?"
Startled back to reality, I looked up to see William standing over me in the lamplight.
"The book, any good?"
"It is. But truthfully, my heart isn't in it right now."
He placed the bookmark, took my hand and led me away.
"Where are we going?"
"We are going to take a nice, hot shower and then relax in one another's arms."
How could I argue with that? A shower, William naked...ya, that's a good start. Another thing, they seem pretty comfortable with nakedness around each other. That's something I may never get used to.
The water was perfect. It felt magnificent running down my back. Even more so when William began lathering my body. He has the best hands ever. Any other time I would indulge in the moment, but not now. Not me.
"Do you find Abbey attractive?"
The question caught him off guard and he choked a little.
"What?"
"Seriously. Is she pretty?"
"Is this one of those trick questions where no matter what I say it will not be the correct response?"
"Everyone says she should be your mate. It's logical. They say."
He thought carefully before answering.
"True, it is logical. I had considered the union. When I found you, that idea went out the window."
"Then you do think she's pretty? Have you ever..."
"Never. Not Abbey. I respect her as my female Alpha. It would merely have been for mating purposes. You on the other hand arouse things inside of me that I have never experienced before. Even now, feel..."
He placed his current place of stimulation against my backside and pulled me to him. His body was warm, wet and pressed against mine. I closed my eyes, unable to focus on anything else. His hands toured every inch of me, intentionally overlooking the special parts. This wasn't quite the right time for being a gentleman. I abruptly turned and pulled his mouth firmly to mine. My excitement was growing as I knew his was as well. When that soft rumble came from within, I knew he was there.
"Jen, I think we should stop. I do not want this to go badly."
Abruptly, he pushed me away. My heart crumbled.
"Damn it, William! How is this going to work if you can never be intimate with me?"
I stormed out of the shower and wrapped a towel around my body. William switched the water to cold and let it rain down. Eventually, he regained control. I drew my knees up to my chest and stared out the window. It was black outside now. Only moonlight danced along the lake's surface. There was a beautiful view from his bedroom.
"I'm sorry, Jen."
He remained on the other side of the room.
"It scares me. I don't know how much control I can maintain with you."
His eyes glistened in the moonlight. I could barely see his shadow in the darkness. I moved toward him and he tensed. When I was near enough to touch him, I did. Gently.
"If you don't try, we'll never know."
"I don't want to hurt you."
"You won't."
I placed a light kiss on his lips. My hands located the towel around his waist. When it dropped to the floor, I knew I would not be able to contain myself.
"Make love to me, William." I whispered.
He lifted me into his arms and we moved as one to the bed. Our bodies intertwined as we explored one another. William moved his experienced hands across my skin, creating a prickling sensation. I ached for him, needed him. I felt as if I would explode. Nothing else in the world mattered at that moment other than my deep desire. Heat radiated off him and I absorbed it. I buried my face into his neck and dug my teeth in.
That may have been a mistake. His body roared and the animal emerged. His strength increased and his muscles all but crushed me. I winced beneath him, afraid. I had to gather my thoughts and find the trust that I knew was there. I allowed him to enjoy his arousal, adjusting ever so slightly when he would become too rough. The growl from his throat grew louder, his movement more intense. I heard sheets rip and wood crack. My body was experiencing pain that should feel gentle and intimate. I had reached the point of having to stop him when I was saved. There was a loud banging on the door.
"William! You need to come out here!"
Everything halted at once. It took him a few seconds to calm to a point of response.
"I'm coming!"
He could sense that something was wrong.
"I'm sorry, Jen. I have to go."
"It's all right. I understand. Really, I do."
Not only did I understand, but also I was thankful. I'm not sure if I could have stood it any longer. Maybe he was right. Maybe we weren't ready for the intimacy yet. This may take some time. I hauled my aching body to the bathroom and turned on the lights. I almost gasped at what I saw in the mirror. The bruises were already beginning to turn color. There were several small scratches along my front and rear. Well, at least my face was intact. I could keep the rest covered so he wouldn't notice. For a while anyway.
William had pulled on a pair of jeans and rushed through the house to find the problem. Several of the pack was gathered in the living room. That seemed to be a regular thing now.
"What's going on?"
He smoothed his hair and tied it into a ponytail. Jonas filled him in.
"Some leopards were spotted about two miles out. They didn't seem like they were up to anything. Just kind of pacing around. Waiting."
"It's probably bait. We're not going to bite. Whatever it is they are trying to achieve, we are not giving it to them. Do not react. Just keep an eye on them. Stay out of sight. Keep me informed."
William paced the room, contemplating a reaction. Common sense told him that Darius was trying to lure them away from the house for some other purpose. He knew better than to give them an advantage. His gut feeling told him to go out there and rip the leopards to shreds. Show Darius that he cannot mess with his pack. But that would leave the house in a vulnerable position. Exactly! He was trying to lure the wolves away so he would have easier access to Chris.
"He is an idiot."
It was obvious to William that Darius was acting on raw emotion. Not the best route for a leader. This ordeal was becoming mundane. Tomorrow night was going to be a breeze. The wait would be painstakingly slow. He was itching to sink his teeth into flesh. The animal inside wanted to taste blood. Yet, now, with Officer Howard appearing as part of the picture, an actual brawl would probably not be feasible.
Avoiding William wouldn't be easy so I took some aspirin for the pain and put on pajamas. I straightened the bed linen and climbed in. Maybe if I fell to sleep before he returned, he wouldn't try to pick up where we left off. I know, this is something we would need to discuss but this wasn't the time. He has a lot of things on his mind and I didn't want to give him any distractions. He needed to be able to focus completely when confronting Darius. Any slip up could be disastrous.
I must have been sleepier than I had thought. I closed my eyes and the world went black. Next thing I know, I was waking up to sunshine. The other side of the bed was empty. Hmm, I wonder if William even came back to bed.
Chapter 15

Sherriff Roy Mercer was not a happy man. He was still receiving countless calls from the media, inquiring as to when they would have a lead on Chelsea Gray's murder. If Chris Reynolds was the prime suspect, why had he not been brought in yet? When will the department be able to give closure to the grieving parents? The questions were relentless. His commander was breathing down his neck as well.
He appointed Howard to the case in hopes that she would come up with something. She had seemed eager to excel and he knew she would jump at the chance. He knew now, as always, that sending a woman to do a man's job was not the right choice. He would have to take on the matter himself. First thing, call her in and dismiss her from the case. No need in her getting in the way of his progress.
"Howard! My office!"
His voice shot through the open door like thunder. She involuntarily jumped in her seat. All eyes turned toward her desk. Each one had experienced their own visit in the hot seat and none was positive memories. Her body temperature rose just a tad, as well as her heart rate. She could feel it pounding in her chest. She knew he was angry because she had not come up with anything substantial to report to his as of yet.
Maintain Howard. That inner voice spoke to her as she made the short walk to his office. She smoothed her uniform and lifted her chin before entering. Remain professional. Easy for a nonexistent voice to say. The scowl he wore on his face made her cringe. Why is it that a boss has to be so intimidating?
"I'll make this quick. As of now, you're off the case."
It hit her hard. She had expected a good reaming but not to be removed completely.
"Sir, I have come across new information and intended to follow up today. If you remove me..."
He cut her off with a wave of his chubby hand.
"Just bring me what you got. I'll take it from here. You're dismissed, Officer."
He continued to keep his attention toward the paperwork on his desk. She hesitated for a moment, hoping he would change his mind and rescind the order. Maybe just one more attempt.
"But sir..."
"Dismissed!"
His voice traveled throughout the squad room once again. Everyone had turned in his seat to watch her emerge. They were expecting tears but she would never give them the satisfaction. That means she had to make a beeline for the ladies' room before the moisture welling up in her eyes slid down her cheeks. She hated that about herself. Tears of anger and frustration. There must be some other way to release that emotion. She could have stomped her foot and stormed away. Ya, like that would be effective. A pouty little girl throwing a tantrum in daddy's office was not the persona she wanted to project.
She paced the bathroom floor while a million thoughts raced through her head. There was no way she was going to give up Ben's lab reports. He would laugh in her face and share it with every other officer present at the time. It would give them all a good chuckle. She'd never live it down. Also, she could not tell him about her visit with Jenson Bennett. She had given her word. Up to now, she had never broken trust with anyone. She was not going to start that bad habit over this mess. No, officially on the case or not, she was going to attend that private meeting between Chris and Darius, with or without help from the force. Unfortunately, she was on her own now.
She gathered the files on each suspect and the victim. Certain items of information she had chose to omit. She deposited them in Mercer's box and made her way to the door. She left instructions with the receptionist that she would be out of the office for a while. She could be reached on her cell if necessary, even though she knew that no one would lower himself to ask her for assistance. Living in a man's world would never get any easier.
She sat in the stifling Ford oven for a few minutes, trying to gather her thoughts. Why did she put up with this crap? There had to be a place for her in this field that would allow her to be appreciated for her abilities. Maybe a larger city or a different state. But this was her home. This is where she had grown up as a little girl. She used to run through the woods with a cap gun playing cops and robbers with her friends. She had known as a child that being a police officer would be her chosen career. Good-old-boy club or not, she was not leaving this department. She would prove her worth, and prove it tonight.
Mercer tossed the files haphazardly to one side of his desk.
"Useless crap."
This was his adjective used in describing the information Howard had gathered for him. He had skimmed through the pages and decided that he had made a mistake. One that he would be sure not to let happen again. He would assign her to school crossings and parking meters from this point forward.
"I don't know why a woman won't just stay in her place. If I had my way, they would all be wearing aprons and raising kids like they're supposed to."
He mumbled to himself behind closed doors. He knew better than to say these things in front of the wrong ears. He had been given a slap on the wrist a few times before and didn't need that to happen again. For now, he would focus on Chris Reynolds. Finding him and bringing him in would be a big step in quieting the public. He stepped out into the squad room and made the announcement.
"Listen up! I want all cars involved in the search for Chris Reynolds. All plain clothes as well. I want him brought in today. The officer given credit for the arrest will receive two weeks pay added to their next check. Make it happen."
He did not have the authority to offer such a lucrative reward but he had to give some sort of incentive. He would deal with the aftermath later. For now, he was on the prowl. He planned to hit the streets and find this little pimple, Chris Reynolds. He was focused and determined. As he approached his car, he noticed a legal-size manila envelope placed under the windshield wiper. He turned in a complete circle to observe the parking lot for anyone watching. Nothing out of the ordinary. He removed the cigar stub from his mouth and dropped it to the pavement, declining to stomp the burning end. After retrieving the envelope, he took one last look around. Surely the source of delivery would want to witness the act of Mercer finding the gift. Still, there was no one in sight.
He tossed it onto the passenger seat and started the engine. Curiosity would not get the better of him in front of unseen eyes. Someone wanted a reaction out of him and he would not submit. Instead, he drove down the street to a convenience store where he purchased another box of cigars and a pack of powdered donuts to go with the giant-sized diet coke. After indulging in two of the donuts, he licked the powder from his fingertips and proceeded to open the envelope. His eyes grew in amazement. He immediately grabbed his cell phone and placed a call to the squad room.
"I need you to get a team together. We're 'bout to catch a killer."
He could barely contain his excitement.
"Pick only men you can trust. And keep this under wraps."
Officer Murray knew what to do. He chose Altman and Teague to accompany him and Mercer on their newfound quest. They eagerly awaited his arrival. They quietly attempted to guess what the boss had in mind but that was near to impossible. There had been times before when he went off on a hunch and nobody knew what was going on. They did not press him for details. That could provoke anger and instant dismissal. Each one was just happy to be on his good side.
Mercer made a call to a buddy that owed him a favor.
"You're gonna want to be a part of this one. This is big."
The tow truck was waiting for them just outside of town. Mercer pulled the car over and got out, leaving the engine running so as not to lose the cool air-conditioning. The other three followed suit. They stood beneath a shade tree while he explained what was going on.
"How do you know it's legit?" Murray questioned.
"I don't. But just in case, we'll wanna be prepared. This will put us on the map, boys."
He could smell promotion in the air already. The anticipation weighed heavy on each one as they made the drive toward the rock quarry. Someone had wanted him to find Chelsea's vehicle. Maybe the killer was feeling guilty and sending clues to get himself caught. Then again, this could all be a hoax to lure Mercer out of the way for a little while. Damn! He hadn't thought of that.
No need to worry. The car was in clear sight as soon as he turned down the hidden road. His heart pound with pleasure. He was determined to squeeze that little pimple yet.
"Sure looks like it was pulled out."
"Whew! Gotta a nasty stench."
The boys stood back and observed from a distance. Mercer did not want anything touched or disturbed until he had a chance to think.
"Get the field kit outta my trunk. Everybody put on gloves. We're going over this baby with a fine toothed comb."
The helicopter hovered over the pine trees while a Channel 6 reporter questioned Sherriff Mercer on camera.
"It was just a matter of time. We're gonna bring justice to that poor girl."
He cheesed for the audience one last time before returning to the scene. He had made a call to another close friend, offering an exclusive interview and first look at the evidence. He was proud of his achievement, chest protruding as far as his shirt buttons would allow. He did not bother to tell them that the information was dropped in his hands. He made it out to seem like he had tracked down the car, had it pulled from the water and was on his way to arresting the killer.
"Whatever you find in there, make sure it points to Reynolds."
He spoke quietly to Murray so that no one else would hear. He looked at his boss with questioning eyes but did not dare voice his concern. He had no problem taking credit for his part in the arrest of a local murderer. His wife would be so pleased. This was sure to get him some 'extra favors' tonight.
They spent several hours at the scene, making sure not to miss anything. The television breaking news clip would show the tow truck hauling the water-soaked car from the quarry road, along with the four officers credited for locating the evidence. Just before leaving, he gave the reporter a tip that would allow them to follow the police team to the next scene where he was sure there would be evidence that is even more substantial. He spat on the ground as he watched the tow truck head out down the road ahead of them. This was turning out to be a good day.

~ ~ ~

William was at the local convenience store when the news flash aired.
"Local authorities say it's just a matter of time before the killer is caught."
That got his attention, along with everyone else that was in the place at the time.
"This is a view of the victim's car being towed from the site. From here it will be taken to the county impound"
William heard a gasp from someone watching the screen. It was Mrs. Brooks, the store owner.
"That was a sweet young girl. She never deserved anything like this to happen to her. She used to come in here with that boy every summer." She sniffled a bit. "I don't know if I could live if something like that were to happen to my Crystal."
Being William, he took the opportunity to comfort the woman.
"Nothing will happen to your daughter, Mrs. Brooks. If you ever feel the need, you can call on me."
He gave her hand a squeeze and then winked coyly. She blushed at the thought of this handsome young man touching her.
"I'm sure our fine police force will bring justice."
She agreed and William took leave from the store. Once inside his vehicle, he recalled Mercer's smug face on the news.
"This is turning out better than I had planned."
He started the engine and returned home.

~ ~ ~

Officer Howard was sick of the good-old-boy syndrome. The meeting tonight between Chris and Darius may be dangerous but there was no way she would ask any of them for backup. Yet, she still did not feel comfortable going on her own. Darius was an evil sort. He could very well become angry or frightened and try something drastic. If information was in fact true, he could be deadly. Bringing in the bad guy would be great but, ultimately, her safety had to come first. Ben Sherlock would jump at the chance to be a part of something so outrageous. She had no idea exactly how helpful he would be in a sticky situation but he was better than no one at all.
She spent the better part of her day mapping out the area around the feed mill and going over the blueprints she had discovered on the internet. She probably would never have found it had she not run across a page of real estate, unexpectedly, and there it was. The owner was taking quite a cut just to get rid of it. She wondered who would be scanning the market for a dilapidated, tin feed mill covered in cobwebs and dirt.
She prepared an outfit that would be comfortable and allow her to move quickly if necessary without being tangled up. Black cargo pants and a t-shirt should do. It would be less noticeable as well. She did not want to be seen right away. Kind of feel out the situation first. Maybe there would even be a confession before she had to go in for the arrest. Or, maybe he would simply turn himself in when she confronted him about the murder! Ya, in someone else's perfect world.
She packed a small duffel with all of the things she thought would be necessary for the night's excursion. If all went well, she would be standing before the commander tomorrow listening to his praise and congratulating her on a job well done. What was that perfect world scenario? Somehow, she was sure Roy Mercer would take credit for himself. Now that was reality.
Meanwhile, the pack was preparing for their own excursion as well. They had gone over the details several times. It was a picture perfect plan until Officer Howard came into the picture. Now they had to make adjustments. William realized it would be better for her to make a legal arrest than it would be for them to shred the wereleopards. That would mean an extensive cover-up. There could be mistakes made or evidence left behind leading back to the pack. Any chance of outing their existence was out of the question. It would also mean that Chris would still be implicated as the murderer. No, he had a better idea.
"You have one option."
Penn jumped as William burst through the door.
"You get a confession out of Darius and I let you live."
There was silence in the small shed for a few minutes. William never wavered. He held the firm expression necessary to instill intimidation. Penn looked toward his feet, then back at William again. This was his Alpha. He knew there was no chance of defeating him physically. That was not even an option. If he played his cards right, he could possibly get William what he wanted and escape his domination as well.
"What happens if I cannot get him to say it?"
A low growl emitted from William's chest.
"You will."
He turned abruptly without any more words. He would use Penn to his advantage. He knew Penn would try something sly. He knew Darius would never fall for it. Nevertheless, given Penn's current situation, William knew he would agree to anything. Given Darius' temperament, the whole thing could fall to pieces. Either way, he was depending on Howard to intervene at just the right moment. And if things got out of control, the wolves would be close by to pick up the pieces.
Abbey approached Chris carefully. He had been silently gazing out of the window for quite some time now. Butterflies began to form in her stomach. Instead of saying anything now, she took his hand in hers and stood beside him, silently gazing out of the window together. The sun was beginning to lower itself behind the trees and the last light of day danced across the water in vibrant colors. Nature is a beautiful thing to observe.
The front door opened and William roared.
"Let's rock and roll guys!"

~ ~ ~

"It should be right around here somewhere."
The four men were scouring the area, kicking up pine needles and dirt along the way. They had been searching for almost an hour already and Mercer was getting antsy.
"Over here!" yelled Officer Murray.
The other three almost fell over themselves trying to get to him in a hurry. Sweat was dripping down Mercer's face when he reached the spot. He looked down at Murray's feet and saw that the ground had been disturbed.
"Well, don't just stand there. Dig it up!"
Mercer was not about to get his hands any dirtier than he already had. Physical labor simply was not his forte. He stood with hands on hips and eyed the process intently.
"I'll be damned!"
Altman pulled a bundle, some sort of women's clothing, from the hole and carefully unwrapped its contents. Safely within was a small hatchet with bloodstains and hair. The four stood open-mouthed, amazed at what they had uncovered.
"Bag it up boys. I think we got us a winner."
They headed back in the direction where the car was parked. They could hear the bustle of the news crew that awaited their arrival. The sound of a helicopter hovering above came into earshot. Mercer grabbed the plastic bag out of Altman's hands and emerged from the trees, holding it high above his head. The reporter rushed him to get an exclusive.
"It was only just a matter of time. What with my experience and their know-how, that kid couldn't get away with murder in our town."
Again, he pasted that cheesy grin across his face and gloated toward the camera. He knew everything had been handed to him on a silver platter but he chose to keep that information to himself. No need to add more question to the already complex ordeal. There was still one more piece of evidence that would wrap this case up. He could feel Reynolds' neck between his chubby little fingers already. He would make it a point to be the one to slap the cuffs on him and bring him in. All caught on camera, of course.
It was dark by the time they reached the next site. Using flashlights, they set out to find the last remaining piece of the puzzle. Each went in a different direction. This time, Mercer stayed back. He leaned against the vehicle, chewing on a cigar stub. He thought about whom the person could be that dropped this in his lap. No one came to mind. Whoever it was, they wanted him to find this stuff. Maybe Reynolds wasn't really the culprit. Maybe this guy had planted these things to keep focus off himself. It didn't matter anyway. Mercer was going to make an arrest and he did not care who it was. Satisfying the public was priority at this point. Getting the commander off his back was even more important.
It did not take long this time before the trio emerged with the second plastic bag. This time its content was a knife wrapped in women's clothing. Perfect. He was going to throw that kid under the bus. He let them show their faces on camera. He needed someone else to be included just in case this whole thing blew up in his face. It was the last breaking news clip that would air today.
Mercer drove back in silence while the other three reveled in glory. It had been an exciting day for them. Things like this simply did not happen in their small town. This would put them on the map. Surely, each one would receive a commendation. Everyone in town would know their names. They smiled in anticipation of all the handshakes and slaps on the back they would receive. Moreover, if they were lucky, maybe even a raise!
The squad room was empty. No lights shown except for the one emitting from Mercer's office. He sat in the quiet, downing shots of bourbon, pondering the situation. The evidence was in his hands. He now had to wait for the lab to come back with data as to whom the clothing, blood and hair belonged. If Reynolds was not implicated, he would be back at square one. Maybe not. He was owed a favor from someone that could possibly hush the whole thing. He made the call.
"I want you on this thing. No information leaks out until you talk to me. Got it?"

~ ~ ~

I had to take a few minutes for myself to gather my thoughts and emotions. My very best special friend was about to confront a crazed maniac that could very easily kill him. I tried very hard to put it into perspective but, for the life of me, I just couldn't see why that was necessary. There had to be a different, safer way to resolve this issue. My heart ached at the thought of losing him. Why is it that men feel they must project their testosterone in order to prove themselves a man? I mean, he has a penis, and a nice one I might add. Isn't that enough?
Then there is my boyfriend. My very new boyfriend. I finally find a man that consumes my every thought and fulfills my every need and he intends to face a building full of wereleopards alongside my best friend. Well, almost every need. So far, we have not been successful in the boudoir department. Though he did give it a hell of a shot last night! That thought reminded me that my body still ached from the attempted event.
I could see them together, inside, standing close and having a manly conversation. I'm pretty sure they were going over the planned meeting to come. William was gorgeous and in charge. Chris was nodding his head, either in agreement or understanding. I saw Chris give a chuckle and William play-punch him on the arm. This was not a game! Did they have any clue as to how dangerous this is? And what happened to Abbey? She was on my side not long ago. So much for girl power.
Our eyes met through the glass as he turned around. It seemed as though time was frozen. Everyone else kept moving but he just stood there. I felt the cool air brush past me when the door opened and closed. He came closer, slowly, eyes never leaving mine. As he neared, I could then feel the heat emitting from his body. Damn, he was good at this. He carefully bent to my level and took my face in his hands. His lips brushed mine with sensual ease. A single tear rolled down my cheek.
His arms embraced me and pulled my body tight to him. I don't know for how long we stayed that way. I could have held on to him forever. When he tried to release, I squeezed tighter. I didn't want to let go. Could this be the last time I would ever hold him? Could this be the last time I would ever feel the warmth of his body? I refrained from turning into a complete girl and allowing the sob to escape my throat. Even though it has been proven that men do not understand women, I think at that moment, William knew what I was feeling. Isn't that amazing? I told you he was amazing.
The time had arrived to move. A sudden fear trembled throughout my insides. Jeeeez! Is this what it was going to be like from now on? Spending the rest of my life with a man in constant worry? He held my hand and led me back into the house. I could feel the excitement in the atmosphere. It almost tingled on my skin. The little hairs rose on my arms. I saw Chris give Abbey a hug. When he released, our eyes met. He gave a little nod, I gave a fake smile. I couldn't take it any longer. I ran across the room and embraced him with everything I had. He buried his face in my hair and held on tight.
"Chris, please don't do this. I'm begging you."
The tears were pouring down my face now. I couldn't hold back any longer.
"I'll be okay, Jen. Have faith."
Faith in what? Faith in who? This whole ordeal was unreal. Nothing I had ever known in my lifetime. I didn't know what else to say.
"You know I love you."
"Love you back."
He released his hold and walked away, not looking back. William watched us from across the room. I couldn't read his eyes.
Chapter 16

Chris pulled the pickup in front of the abandoned building and got out. Penn emerged from the passenger side. The sun had set hours ago leaving the moon to light their way. Chris retrieved a flashlight from the glove box before proceeding. Fortunately for Penn, his wolf eyes were sufficient. Chris kept a leery eye on his cohort. He had turned on them once before in a similar situation and this was definitely not the time to have trust in him.
"You lead the way."
He nodded toward an entrance to the building, keeping a few paces to Penn's rear. He looked around for signs of the pack but saw nothing. The outlying woods were still, except for the chatter of crickets and rustling leaves. You guys better have my back.
The tin door made a loud screeching noise when Penn heaved it open. Once inside, it was obvious that the place had not been used for quite some time. Everything was covered in filth. There was rusting feed equipment set throughout the massive room. The only walls Chris noticed ran along the side with four closed wooden doors. He assumed they had been used for office space when the business was up and running. He found an electrical lever as they moved inward. He hesitated, wondering if there was even working electricity and if it powered the lights or the equipment. Only one way to find out. He lifted the switch to the 'on' position.
Rows of fluorescent lights flickered on and off before finally settling, illuminating the entire room. Once convinced they would remain, he turned off the flashlight and placed it in his back pocket. They both stood quiet, contemplating the next move. Chris checked his watch. Midnight. Right on time.
"I didn't know you were bringing a friend."
The distant voice startled the silence and the two men turned toward its location. There was no one in sight. Then, the sound of footsteps arose, sliding ever so slowly across the floor. Chris followed the sound and locked on its target. His nerves had been on edge up to this point but when he saw Darius' face, the anger instantly returned. A vivid mental picture of Chelsea and him naked in her bed materialized. Their eyes locked as he rounded the machines on the far side of the room. Darius' face wore a smirk, Chris' flamed with hatred. Standing before him was the man who murdered the girl he once loved.
"He's no friend of mine." Chris retorted. "Thought he might be better off with you since that seems to be where his loyalty lies."
Darius changed his expression to curiosity, his head tilting slightly to the side.
"So it would seem. But, then again, you never know."
He moved closer toward them while he spoke.
"Have you told them the whole story, Penn? Are they aware that the Alpha was your target and you failed? Twice."
That caused Chris to unintentionally look at Penn.
"Oh, I see you have not. What a surprise this must be."
He chuckled aloud.
"Penn's mistakes will not matter at this point. It is you that I want. Chris, is it?"
Chris filled his chest with air, flexing his fists at his sides. He wanted to run at Darius, throw him to the ground and finish what he had started that regretful night. Appearing before him in human form was not intimidating to any extent.
"Ah, you are angry. Good. That will make my plans for you much more enjoyable. Almost as enjoyable as the taste of your girlfriend."
Penn decided to interject.
"Does that mean you agree to the terms William has offered?"
"William has offered me nothing!" Darius shouted. "I have gotten what I desire on my own."
He moved even closer to the pair.
"And what will happen to you, Penn? Surely you do not believe that William will allow you to remain a part of the pack now that you have proven yourself disloyal. If my understanding is correct, your bylaws permit him to...dispose of you. Even death, if he so chooses."
"I thought that I could be of assistance to you. After all, I did help you this far. I prevented anyone from finding out what you did to Chelsea, didn't I? You would not even be alive if it were not for me. William would have shredded you out there."
"William has neither the strength, power nor the intelligence to slay me! You were nothing but a pawn in this game. I used you, Penn. Just as I will use Chris here to protect me. Once I am finished playing with him, I will turn him over to the local police so that they may, how do you say, get their man."
Chris decided to use his smarts at this point.
"How do you know they want me, Darius? Last I knew they had evidence pointing to you. Penn helped us out. I've been cleared. Haven't you heard?"
Darius glared in Penn's direction.
"What have you done? What have you told them!"
Penn jumped at the outburst. Darius was becoming enraged. He had seen firsthand what the outcome could be when facing his wrath.
"No! He is lying. I never told them anything."
Darius dismissed his cowardice.
"Like I said before, you do not matter. Chelsea is not the first I have killed and she certainly will not be the last. No small town cop can touch me. Neither can William. Remember that when you go back and report to him that I have Chris. Remember that when he is shredding the pelt from your bones!"
Darius made a move toward the duo when an unexpected voice interrupted.
"Stop right there, Darius!"
Across the room stood a female with a gun pointed at him. Such an inconvenience.
"I have your confession recorded. You are under arrest."
His head faced the ceiling as he howled with laughter.
"Arrest! What do you plan to do, officer? Tie me up with your pantyhose?"
His laughter was infuriating. But Howard had been faced with chauvinistic mindsets before. She knew exactly how to handle his type.
"Never underestimate your opponent, Darius. You should know that. Besides, I brought backup. You can make this hard or you can do this the easy way. Your choice."
"I have no choice to make. Apparently, you do not know who I am, miss policewoman. Or, what I am capable of."
"I don't wanna shoot you but I will, Darius. You killed a woman. You have to pay for your crime. I'm taking you in."
The next few seconds were a blur. Darius made a move and Howard planted her feet in preparation to fire. Before she could lock in on her target, Penn instantly leapt toward Howard, knocking the gun from her hand and sending it skidding across the room. Her head made a thud when it connected with the cement floor. Chris, being human, was not as fast as the wereanimals. By the time he readied himself, Darius was on him.
He hit him with such force that he was winded for a second. The two landed abruptly, struggling to gain control of the other. Darius was much stronger than Chris was. There was not much he could do in defense. He flung his fists, one after the other, in hopes of landing at least once but to no avail. Darius successfully avoided any damage and took advantage of his own strength. He had pinned Chris to the floor on his back, hand locked around his neck. The feline claws emerged from the tips of his fingers, digging deeply into the skin. Chris yelled out in pain.
From out of nowhere, a blurred vision of fur flew through the air and connected with Darius, knocking him across the floor. When the two stood, William was in human form. Chris scrambled to hands and knees, struggling for breath, and inched toward the gun that was still laying feet away. Darius and William circled one another, each leery of the other's moves. They crouched low as animals do when dueling. Sounds emitted from within each of them that were neither describable nor human. Just as Chris' hand was about to grab the gun, a foot kicked it away from reach. Penn. Next, the foot connected with his jaw, sending him backward once again.
The sound of gunshot froze everyone in place. Penn had fired at the roof and now stood pointing the gun at William. The Alpha's anger was apparent. Darius grinned in victory and moved behind Penn.
"Kill him!" ordered Darius.
"No!" Chris yelled.
The gun fired and William dropped to a roll, narrowly evading the speeding bullet. Chris lurched his body in front of William's and stood boldly. Penn fired again but no blast was heard. The hammer simply clicked against the metal barrel. A sudden look of fear came across Penn's face when he realized what happened. He had betrayed his Alpha for the last time. William was ready for revenge. He made a running leap for Penn, knocking him again to the ground. Chris darted beneath the machinery to his left in hopes of finding some sort of concealment. He was no match for the wereleopard.
When the third shot fired, it was a surprise to all. Howard had somewhat regained her consciousness and retrieved a hidden weapon she had strapped to her lower leg. She was sitting on the floor, still woozy from the fall, pointing the gun. All eyes turned in direction of her sight, locating Darius. She had landed a slug directly in his thigh, though she was aiming for his heart. Tremendous pain seared down his leg. He appeared stunned that he was shot, then realized that he was a bit outnumbered and had to get out of there. His were-abilities allowed him enough strength to rush toward the door as fast as his injured leg would carry him.
At the same time, Penn took this opportunity to make his own getaway. He ran for the door that he and Chris had entered. Once outside, he hurriedly changed into wolf form and ran with the fear of death on his heels. He darted around trees and jumped over fallen limbs, not caring what was around him. Little did he know the woods were dense with hidden werewolves. He should have been able to sense them but since he was so worried about William catching up to him, he didn't take time to notice.
In the meantime, Chris helped Officer Howard to her feet and steadied her before departing.
"I have to find Darius. This didn't work out the way we had planned."
She immediately countered.
"You can't go alone. He's dangerous. I see that now. I'm coming with you."
Chris blew out a breath, knowing he could not change her mind. She was determined to arrest Chelsea's murderer and nothing he could say would make a difference. Together, they followed the route Darius had taken. It would not be hard to tail him. His bleeding leg was leaving behind a nice trail to pursue. Chris shined the flashlight to lead the way while Howard swept her weapon side to side for protection. He knew that was unnecessary due to the fact that there was backup staged throughout the woods. He refrained from looking around so as not to tip her off. Darius could not get far even without an injured limb.
Suddenly, Chris caught a glimpse of movement ahead in the shadows. He quickly averted the light away to avoid Howard seeing something out of the ordinary. He let the flashlight pass over once more, giving a slight hand signal to the two wolves standing over Darius' body. Abbey and Jonas. They knew to disperse. Once he was certain they were out of eyesight, he brought her attention forward.
"There he is. Just ahead."
They moved at a brisk pace. Howard had her gun pointed toward his chest, just in case. Darius lay crouched on the ground, not so much from the leg wound, but from fright. Chris noticed scratches around his neck area indicating Abbey had made it clear that she would kill him.
"Don't shoot. I'll come with you."
It seemed almost too good to be true. Chris knew that Darius would never surrender under any circumstances. He had something up his sleeve. He would use extreme caution with this one.
"One wrong move is all it'll take, Darius." Chris warned, reminding him of the others.
The three made their way through the woods until they came upon Howard's car. There was someone seated inside at the wheel. Someone that Chris did not know. His face must have shown question because Howard answered before he could even ask.
"He's a friend. I didn't know what would go down here and I needed someone to drive. Besides, he had to run the surveillance equipment. Got it all on tape. Remember?
Oh ya. The entire episode had been captured on audio. That was not good. This audio would also reveal William, not to mention the unexplained animal sounds. While Howard was placing the cuffs on Darius and securing him in the backseat, Chris tried his skill with the newcomer.
"Name's Chris."
He held his hand out in gesture but got nothing in return. The guy just sat there, staring.
"What happened in there? I heard sounds. Crazy sounds."
Chris grabbed the device from Ben's lap and pushed play. By then, Howard was standing next to him listening as well. It played back exactly as Chris had imagined. The technology was amazingly clear. There was no question when Darius made a full confession. Much of the rest was muffled and scratchy because of Howard's fall but he knew what was happening. To avoid giving her a reminder, he cleared the remaining recording. Nothing else of importance to her would be there.
"Hey! You just erased evidence."
Howard snatched the device from him and played back once again.
"Sorry. It was an accident. Besides, you still got the confession, right?"
She scowled at him with anger. Anger that quickly faded once she caught sight of that silly grin of his. Then she smiled too.
"Ya. We got him. You did good. We're gonna have to get together later. I have some questions for you."
Ben looked through the rearview mirror at Darius, then back at Howard and Chris. His eyes still bulged in fright and amazement. He had no clue what had happened in there.
"I heard things. Crazy things. You guys heard it, right? I'm not imagining what I heard. I'm intelligent. I have a degree! This crap is not normal. What's going on?"
Howard knew that she had come across something that was out of the ordinary. She wasn't quite sure what just yet, but she intended to find out. She did not feel the need to bring Ben any further in than necessary so she quickly covered.
"Don't be silly, Ben. It's just an old, rickety building. I'll explain it all on the ride into town."
She gave a sly smile in Chris' direction. This indicated to Chris that she was onto something. Something that he would have to cover for sure. Howard was a smart cookie and he knew she would not let this go. The smirk on Darius' face told him it wasn't over yet as well. He would have to warn William before she got too close. Oh ya, William. Chris had forgotten about him while on his quest to find Darius. William had taken off after Penn on his own. Well, probably not all on his own. The entire wooded area was filled with members of his pack. They would have his back for sure.

The muscles in Penn's legs screamed from exhaustion. He ran as fast as his wolf form would carry him. His tongue hung from the side of his muzzle, gasping for oxygen. His lungs burned. He never looked back once he shifted, afraid of finding William at his hindquarters. He knew his life would end if caught. He plunged deeper and deeper into the woods, avoiding low hanging limbs and leaping over fallen logs. It was then that he made his mistake. He dared to look back.
In doing so, he did not notice the tree branch lying on the ground a few feet ahead. His front paw nicked the bark just enough to put him off balance. His rear leg caught the log in full and he tumbled helplessly. Momentum carried him tumbling several feet before gaining composure. He whirled around to face the traveled path. An enormous blur leapt toward him, teeth clasping tight around his throat. The weight knocked him to the ground forcefully. The two wolves rolled in unison, William growling a warrior cry, Penn clawing with all his might but to no avail. The Alpha held his death grip and with one powerful movement, he ripped the esophagus from its housing and left the dying traitor squirming on the ground.
William stood with his head held high and gave a triumphant bray to the moon. His call could be heard for miles, at least by the other wolves anyway. They immediately knew the quest had ended in success. Each one experienced an inner sorrow. The bond they had once shared was now broken. No matter what the reason, losing a brother was never easy. They made their way toward the voice of their leader and, one by one, gathered on their haunches in front of him. Penn's body lay lifeless at his feet. He waited until each one had seen the result of disloyalty to his pack. Their pack. Family.
The group ran as a whole, with William at the lead, through the woods and back to the pack house. It felt good to stretch his legs and absorb the victory. The two others had caught up to them and told him of the outcome with Chris and Darius. Though Darius was still breathing, he was in official custody and not going anywhere anytime soon. He could sleep soundly knowing that there was no threat lurking about.
The group reached the pack house and phased back into human form. Chris met William on the front lawn. They each grinned, allowing the other to know they were victorious. William shook his hand and clapped him on the back.
"Good job, brother."
Those words meant more to Chris than any other. This meant that William had fully accepted him into his family. Though still a human, Chris felt that he had proven himself and now belonged. He was proud and inadvertently protruded his chest out just a little farther than usual. As the two turned toward the front door, Jenson appeared from inside.

I stood frozen for a minute, realizing that my boyfriend and best friend were alive. Without thinking, my body ran toward them. I flung my arms around the first neck I reached. Chris.
"I was so scared! I was so afraid he would kill you!"
I smothered his face in kisses, avoiding his lips of course, and tears. He kept saying over and over that everything was okay now but I couldn't hear him. Eventually, he pushed me away slightly by the shoulders and looked into my eyes.
"Jen, it's okay now. I'm okay."
I finally came to my senses and realized what I had done. I turned toward William and recognized the hurt on his face. It wasn't intentional. Really. I suppose my effort in repairing it now would be pointless. Instead I chose to show the same affection for him as well. Only this time, with my arms flung around his neck, I smothered his lips with kisses.
"Don't ever do that to me again. I'm not sure I could handle losing you."
His arms had wrapped around me tightly. I could feel the emotion in his touch. I could feel his heart beating on my chest. His breath on my neck. I never wanted to let go.
After everyone had utilized the outside shower, they were given instructions and slowly made their way to their own homes. Only a few were to remain. Just in case. Even though Darius was behind bars, the leopards may decide on their own to do something stupid. Nevertheless, William wasn't going to worry about it. He had full faith in his pack. I realized that there was someone missing.
"Where's Penn?"
An odd expression appeared upon William's face. He simply looked toward the ground and turned away from me. Abbey bounded to my side and took my arm.
"Gone, Jenson. Penn is gone."
Then she led me inside before I had a chance to ask any more questions. I knew what 'gone' meant. Had William killed him? It seemed horrid to me that a man could dispose of a friend so easily. Then again, I had grown to know William. As Alpha, he made the best decision to protect the pack. As a friend, I'm sure that he was torn up inside. I would try not to mention it again. If he wanted to talk about it, he would bring it up.
William spent some time with Malcolm, filling him in on the night's events. He knew how badly his Beta had wanted to be there. He also knew that he would have shredded Penn on sight. It was probably best that he wasn't able to attend after all. Otherwise, they may not have gotten the confession from him.
I was toweling off when I felt someone silently watching me. I stood to find William standing in the bedroom. His eyes were on my body but not in a desirous fashion. I looked in the mirror at myself, suddenly conscious of the bruises. William had not seen them yet. He spoke in a quieted voice.
"Who did this to you?"
I covered myself quickly with the towel.
"It's nothing. I'm fine."
Without taking a step, he asked again.
"Who did this to you, Jen?"
I wasn't sure how to respond. A million things ran through my head in a manner of seconds. In the end, I spoke the truth.
"You did."
The words hit him hard. The shock was clear on his face. I stepped toward him; he stepped back. I wanted to comfort him. Assure him that I was fine.
"William, really it's..."
He ran from the room before I could finish my sentence. I started to chase after him and realized I was wearing nothing but a towel. I grabbed a bathrobe from behind the door and threw it on. I was tying the sash as I hurried down the hallway, calling his name. Chris and Abbey were there, looking as if they didn't have a clue. The back door stood open and there was no sign of William. I plopped onto the couch and buried my face in my hands. Abbey came to soothe my tears.
"He'll be back, Jenson. I'm sure he just needs time."
Neither one had any idea what was going on. They must have thought we had an argument or something. I kind of wished that were the case. At least then I would know what to do about it.
When I awoke, William was sitting on the edge of the bed looking out the window. A part of me wanted to reach out to him, but the other part won. Instead, I simply lay there waiting. After a few minutes had passed, without turning around, he finally spoke softly.
"I never meant to hurt you. I didn't know. I've never...the others were..."
I could feel the anguish in his voice and slid to comfort him. But he wouldn't let me. He put his hand out to stop me.
"I am afraid to touch you. It is apparent I am unable to control myself. I cannot let this happen again."
He stood.
"William, you don't have to worry about that. It's all right. I'm fine."
He walked out of the room without saying anything else. A sudden fear hit me. Was he breaking up with me? Was this the end already? I threw on some clothes and went after him.
"William, wait! You can't let this get to you. We'll figure it out. We can try again."
He stood on the other side of the room with his back to me.
"I love you, Jen. I love you enough to know when to let you go."
Then he turned. His eyes were tearstained.
"No! I won't let you give up that easily. I won't!"
It was no use. I could see it in his eyes.
"Fine. That's just great. Quit on me. See if I care."
I retrieved my backpack and keys. As I headed toward my car, I noticed that there was no one else around. Not one other wolf-person in sight. I got in and started the engine. The interior was an oven and I could have cared less. I didn't even wait for the air-conditioner to cool before putting it in gear and backing out. Dirt flew from the rear tires and I hurriedly left. I know, a bit dramatic but what can I say?
About halfway home it hit me. I began sobbing uncontrollably. Why is it that every man I love seems to break my heart? I was positive I had done nothing wrong this time.
"Men are such asses!"
There was no one else there to hear the words but it felt good to say it.

~ ~ ~

"What do you mean you let him go!"
Sherriff Mercer slammed his fists down on the desktop. He stood scowling at Officer Howard, red-faced with sweat beading on his plump forehead. She had never seen him this enraged before. Sure, he had been a jerk to her at times, even angry, but never like this.
"He didn't do anything wrong. I had no reason to hold him."
He turned his back and strong-fisted the wall. She could see that he winced a bit but did not let on. He stood this way for several minutes, composing himself. Once prepared, he slowly faced her.
"You find that kid and bring him in. That's an order!"
Another fist slamming on the desk caused her to jump.
"No. I will not let you ruin that young man's life to save face. The evidence you have was practically handed to you on a platter and you leapt at the chance to take credit for it. I did you a favor and got a confession from the true murderer. Enjoy. Your big mouth is what got you into this mess; find a way to talk yourself out of it."
She took a deep breath and continued before he had a chance to speak again.
"There are a lot of untidy things going on in this office, Sir. Trust me. I will not hesitate to air your dirty laundry."
She turned on her heels and marched out while adding, "You have my word."
All eyes followed her to her desk where she retrieved her purse and keys.
"Anyone got something to say?"
She scanned the room. Without a response from any of them, she made her way toward the front entrance and fitted herself comfortably in the front seat of her car. With one huge exhale, she let the tears flow. It was the first time she had grounds to stand up for herself and it had felt wonderful. She was sick of the good-old-boy routine and had no intention of taking it anymore. Her only priority now was to ensure that Darius got locked up and Chris got cleared.
She was exhausted. Nothing a hot bath and a glass of wine would not fix. The night's events were very interesting, to say the least. Many things had occurred that simply did not make sense. She saw things and heard things that could not possibly happen. Strange things. And who was the hot guy that came out of nowhere? And the other one, Penn they had called him. She had, of course, blacked out for some time. Maybe what she thought she had seen and heard had been some kind of unconscious illusion. That would explain it. The lump on her head reminded her of the fall. Anyway, after some sleep, she would find Chris Reynolds and get some answers. First, she had a phone call to make.
"I got a confession. He's locked up in County right now. Feel free to visit Sherriff Mercer. He will be glad to explain everything in full. Yes, I'm glad it wasn't Chris as well. He's truly a good kid."
The call to Mr. and Mrs. Gray was the topping on the cake. She expected them to rush immediately down to the station where Mercer would have no choice but to speak the truth. He would be so befuddled that he would not have time to come up with any other story. She wished she could be there to watch him struggle.
Chapter 17

I don't know what happened. I thought I was the luckiest girl in the world. I had a gorgeous boyfriend that fell in love with me at first sight. Sure, he wasn't your average type guy. He even gets furry and rips other living things to shreds. That's nothing to pick about, is it? Every man has his drawbacks. Right? Now, I lay here on my bed staring at the ceiling fan, wondering if he was ever going to be a part of my days again. I had done nothing wrong, and he had done nothing wrong, yet still he dumped me. Just like that.
The sun was beginning to show its face and a slight glow filled my bedroom. I was exhausted and desperately needed sleep. There was this one tiny split in the curtains that allowed a ray of light to prevent that from happening. I watched it become brighter before I finally got angry, threw the covers off and stormed toward the window, stubbing my toe on the nightstand. I hopped around for a minute, holding the toe and cursing, then grabbed the curtains and yanked. Oops. The rod fell and the only means of darkness lay in a heap on the floor at my feet.
"Damn it!"
I limped back to the bed and flopped face down. With my face buried in a pillow, I never saw daylight set in.

I ran through the woods as fast as my legs would carry me. One misstep and it would be upon me. I could hear its footsteps. Hear its breath. My heart thumped and my lungs burned. Tree branches and twigs scratched at my skin and tore at my clothing. I knew I would die if it caught me. I must keep moving. Can't slow down. Faster! Faster! My body screamed with fatigue. I knew I was going to die. I didn't see the rotten stump when it caught my foot and I tumbled. I quickly rolled onto my rear, pushing away from the oncoming fate with my feet. Just as I looked up, the beast leapt into the air and transformed into human. I gasped in fright. Chris.

My eyes flew open. I sat up in bed, panting in desperation. Sweat covered my body. The vision had been so clear. It felt as if it had really happened. But that would be impossible. Chris was no animal. He was a jerk sometimes but no animal. Of this, I was sure. At least I think I was sure.
It was already two o'clock in the afternoon. I peeled myself from the sheets and hurried to the bathroom. Splashing cool water on my face helped but it didn't erase the images of that dream. Once I emptied my aching bladder, I decided to fill it back up with coffee. Nothing like a good cup of coffee to start your middle-of-the-day events. I've often wondered who decided this black caffeinated drink was only intended for mornings and after meals. Maybe that's only a rule here in the United States. Maybe other countries ingest it the same way we would, say, soda or iced tea. Like Columbia. Surely, Columbians knew how to enjoy a hot cup of brewed beans. I made a mental note to research this thought.
I hadn't spoken with my parents in a while. I'm sure they would be wondering about the wedding date. I say this because they are old fashioned and feel that a woman needs a man and should be married and live happily ever after, birthing babies and cleaning house. Oh ya, that would just make my life complete. I wonder if they suspect it may be a litter of puppies instead! I could just hear her now.
"Oh look at them! Aren't they just the most beautiful things you've ever seen? They look a little odd though. Wouldn't you say so, dear?"
She would try to figure out what was different about them. Then she would finally give up and simply pretend it was normal. Maybe she would figure it out when they started using puppy pads instead of diapers. No, she wouldn't. Instead, she would complain about the money she wasted on disposable diapers! My mother is a bit eccentric at times but I love her anyway.
I called ahead to let them know I was coming by. Truth is I didn't want to be at home in case William decided to come over and apologize. Besides, I could use a little time alone. I needed to clear my thoughts. Try to figure out what would come next. And how I would handle it.
I was searching their house for that incessant ticking with Hobo at my feet. Ah ha! I found it firmly mounted on the wall in the hallway, hidden behind some knickknacks she had collected over the years. Why she even had the clock back there, I could not figure out. You couldn't even see the stupid thing. While I was busy moving everything out of the way, the cat sat on his haunches eyeing my every move, probably wondering why humans do these crazy things. Hobo and William had more in common than I thought. The digital would fit nicely here. Moreover, I could get some sleep when I stay over. I knew as soon as I left she would move and adjust all the things I had touched. She seemed to have some sort of organization for all of her junk that no one else could understand.
They had inquired about William before my feet were even through the doorway. Now was my opportunity to explain it to her. We sat in the living room while my dad watched the evening news; volume up so loud he wouldn't hear anything we said anyway. Of course, before I could get the entire story out, I was sobbing. Only this version had to be twisted a bit because I couldn't let her know he was a brute in bed!
"It doesn't make sense. Why would he give up on us so easily?"
She patted my knee and made a 'tsk' sound.
"You know, they say money is always the problem in a marriage but if you ask me, it's in the bedroom. Men always want it when they want it and not when we don't want it. I completely understand how you feel. You're father, bless his heart, had to learn too."
"Mom!"
I covered my ears. A sexual encounter between my parents was the last thing I wanted to hear about or mentally visualize.
"Oh don't be such a prude. Sex is a normal, healthy thing. How else do you think you got here?"
I couldn't believe I had even brought this up. I quickly changed the subject. No need to elaborate any further. Once she was satisfied that she had helped, she returned to her puzzle book and a rerun of Charlie's Angels. I lay on the sofa with Hobo slouched across my stomach, petting his fur. He purred and kneaded at the couch cushion, enjoying the affection. It must be great to be an animal. Not a care in the world except for food, sleep and relieving the body of waste. I should try to put a little bit of that attitude into my daily routine.
I had still been thinking about what I was going to do with my life. There simply was no career, to my knowledge, that grabbed my interest. I wondered if there was such a thing as a professional reading job. They had each retreated to their respective resting places for the night and I was left alone with the TV and my thoughts. The need for nicotine was steadily calling me so I lifted my lethargic self from the couch and proceeded to the back deck, Hobo taking up his position at the sliding-glass door.
I sat with my feet propped in the opposite chair, filling the fresh air with cigarette smoke and thinking of William. It would take more than just one day to forget him. I didn't want to forget him. But how could I be with a man that doesn't want me? Well, he wants me, he just doesn't want to want me. Now I sound like a junior high girl!
It didn't even startle me when I saw Jonas coming up the steps in the dark. He was hesitant but when I gestured to a chair, he seemed to relax.
"How did you know I was here?"
"Chris suggested it."
I watched him fidget for a minute before I told him to continue.
"William is a mess. I've never seen him like this before."
"It was his decision. Not mine."
I puffed heavily on my cigarette. Jonas tried to politely cover his nose. I had forgotten that his senses were more heightened than my own.
"Whatever problems you guys are having can be mended. Just come back, Jenson. Please."
So, he hadn't told them anything.
"You think I left him? It was his choice. He doesn't want me."
"That's not true. You know that's not true. Maybe he's confused. Talk to him."
I was shaking my head.
"Come back with me. It's not the same without you there. We miss you."
He had to go and do it. Make me cry. I cared so much for all of them and now he says they miss me. I realized I was making him uncomfortable so I dried my eyes and wiped my nose on my shirt. Well if I was gonna act like a teenager I might as well do it right.
"You can't give up that easy. He is Alpha, but that doesn't always make him right."
I looked at him in amazement.
"Never tell him I said that."
We both giggled quietly. He held out his hand.
"Come with me?"
I placed my hand in his and we stood. Somehow, I had to dig deep, swallow my pride and find the strength to do this. I left a note on the kitchen table for my parents. Wouldn't want them to put out an all-points bulletin on me. Jonas had come on foot but we took my car back. There was no way I would attempt that hike. The ride was a lot faster than I wanted it to be. As soon as we pulled into the drive, my stomach twisted. As we were walking toward the front door, Jonas turned.
"Malcolm is the one who sent me."
The astonishment must have shown on my face.
"And if you say anything, I'll deny ever having told you."
Everyone was gone. Jonas quickly disappeared somewhere down the hallway. There were soft lights here and there to light my way. I could see William sitting alone outside in back. He sat very still. Watching the trees. Watching the stars. Watching nothing really. When I opened the door, he turned to see me standing there, hands in my front pockets, not knowing what to say. I took a step forward to join him but didn't quite make it. He was wrapped around me so fast I didn't even notice him coming.
"I'm so sorry."
His face was buried in my hair. His arms embraced the rest of me. We stayed like that for a long time. Silent. I pulled back from him and took his face in my hands, looking him in the eye.
"Never do that again."
"Deal."
I knew a conversation had to take place about the intimacy issue. He would be uncomfortable talking about it so I figure the best time is now and the best place is in an intimate environment. Bed. We remained fully clothed with the covers tucked neatly around us. The silence was deafening. I broke the ice. His body tensed slightly when I began.
"You have to promise me that in the future, if we have a problem, you will not push me away. We have to be able to talk if this relationship is ever going to work."
He nodded.
"I know this is new for you, William, but it's new for me just the same. It's obvious that the desire is there, the problem is that we simply don't know how to use it yet. We can't be the first couple to go through this because you told me yourself that in the past some of your kind had ventured outside the race. Right?"
His tension eased a bit.
"Humans go to counseling all the time. I think we should find someone that has gone through the same situation. Do you have any relatives you can talk to about this?"
Finally, he joined the conversation after clearing his throat.
"I think there may be. But he does not live near."
"Where then?"
"North Dakota. He is my grandfather."
I thought about that for a minute. Would his grandfather be tolerant of me? Of our relationship? I knew what was expected of him as a purebred werewolf. I decided I was willing to accept the outcome, be it good or bad.
"It's settled then. Once this mess is over, we go to North Dakota."
He still held me so it must be going well.
"And in the meantime?"
I already knew the answer to that one.
"In the meantime, we wait. We have a lifetime to enjoy one another. How hard can it be to wait a few days...weeks...months?"
What was I saying? I couldn't even be with him for a second without my body reacting. I suppose I would simply have to control myself. And here we thought William was the one that had an issue!
We never undressed. No need in tempting ourselves, right? It felt good to be lying beside him again. Let me correct that statement. It felt amazing to be lying beside him again. For a mere day, I thought my world had ended without him. I would never let that happen again. Ever.
We woke in the same position we had fallen to sleep. I didn't want to move from the warmth but I knew the situation with Darius could not be left unfinished. Even though he was in custody now, we had to make sure that Chris was in the clear. William used the remote control to switch on the morning news. Footage of Sherriff Mercer and his crew was plastered on every channel. His smirk made me cringe. Even though he had done nothing on his own to apprehend the murderer, he was greedily taking credit for everything. Never once did I see or hear anything of Officer Howard. Maybe that was for the best. The less attention brought toward what really happened would be all the better.
"I might as well get it over with. Can't avoid her forever."
Chris knew Officer Howard would be anxious to talk with him. After their excursion at the feed mill, her need to know would get the best of her patience. I had come to accept that no matter how much I worry, these guys were going to do whatever they wanted. Keeping my mouth shut would be a new task but I was working very hard at it. While William and Chris were discussing the details, I decided to visit Malcolm. 
I didn't bother to knock, being polite not to disturb his sleep. I quietly eased open the door and couldn't believe my eyes. He was reading one of my romance books! When he noticed me standing there, he flipped the book closed and shoved it under the covers.
"You forgot to mark your page."
I made my way toward the bed.
"I...um...was not reading it. Just...um"
"Looking at the pictures?"
I couldn't resist embarrassing him even though I knew there were no pictures. It dawned on me then that there was no woman in his life. Maybe he was in need of some romantic stimulation. Hmm. Oh, not from me! However, a girlfriend might not be such a bad idea.
"Just wanted to visit for a minute. How you feeling?"
"Edna says I can get out of this bed tomorrow. Looking forward to stretching my legs. All in all, I feel pretty good."
He stretched his arms overhead for animation. Do all werewolves have these amazing, rippling muscles? I'm sure I blushed when he caught me looking. Hey, I'm human, but completely and totally devoted to William. Now it was his turn to enjoy my embarrassment. I cleared my throat and collected myself.
"Just don't overdo it. Edna will have your hide."
I patted his leg before departing. Atop the covers of course. Then I decided to get him one more time on my way out. I spoke over my shoulder, a grin across my face.
"Oh ya. Thanks for beckoning my return. I knew you'd miss me."
The shout echoed down the hallway as I sauntered away.
"Jonas!!!"
I think I giggled as the young wolf flew past me. I could hear him pleading his case on his way in.
"I swear, Malcolm, I didn't tell her anything!"

Chris used a pay phone across town, first to reassure his parents and next to set up a meeting with Officer Howard. He wanted some place quiet enough to allow for conversation but also public enough so she could not surprise him with anything. The public library should be sufficient. He was almost convinced he could trust her when she helped cover during Ben's questions. Yet, considering the magnitude of what was at stake, the pack could not afford too much information divulged.
Her anxiety was apparent when he saw that she was seated inside already, eagerly awaiting his arrival. She stood as he approached but did not extend her hand. She wanted him to feel at ease and not as if it was an official assessment. He managed to produce a friendly grin, even though his insides felt like bats flying around. Going to jail was not on his list of things to do. He sat across from her after commenting on her tome of choice.
"The Scarlet Letter. Had to read that during my junior year. Well, it was assigned. I just rented the movie."
"Had to make this look real, right?"
She did not waste time getting straight to the point.
"Darius will go down for what he's done. I've managed to take Mercer's focus away from you. Keep your head low though. Don't bring any special attention to yourself. The media is still out there."
Chris tried to read her intentions. Was she truly trying to help him or just buttering him up to drop the big bomb? She continued.
"Why don't you tell me what happened at Chelsea's apartment that night."
Okay, here we go.
"She blew me off again so I decided to drive to Birmingham. Thought we should talk about it. When I got there, the door was unlocked so I let myself in. Guess you can figure out what I walked into."
"And what was your reaction?"
Careful.
"I yelled. Probably cursed. I was pissed off so I left."
"No physical altercation?"
Chris shook his head.
"Not at all. Just left and went to Jen's to drink away my sorrows and vent a little. No point in wasting energy on that guy."
Tears developed unexpectedly in his eyes. He paused to collect himself.
"Next thing I know, Chelsea's dead and the cops are pinning it on me. I disappeared. I know how things work around here."
She could not even argue.
"Once you figured out Darius wanted you, you decided on a face-off?"
"Pretty much. Still don't know how you managed to show up there."
He tried to sound unknowing but Howard knew he would protect Jenson. She was getting nowhere like this.
"Let's cut to the chase, Chris. Some weird crap went down in that feed mill. Unfortunately, I was unconscious for some of it. You gotta level with me here. Tell me what you know."
He fidgeted, tapped his fingers on the table, and cleared his throat. His blank stare was answer enough that he was not talking. She would have to earn his trust. One meeting was not going to achieve that.
"Look, with or without you, I will figure it out. I found some strange stuff in the evidence. DNA. You know anything about that?"
"I never did well in science. Can't help you."
"So that's it?" Nothing. "Fine then. Guess we're finished here. But don't count me out, Chris. We'll be running into each other soon, I'm sure."
They managed to keep it civilized and quiet. If she had been recording, which of course she was, then he gave her nothing. He decided to play the gentleman role and walk her to her car. Once he flashed his adorable grin, he had her.
"If we do meet up again, maybe it'll be under less formal circumstances."
He shut the door once she was seated inside. Howard watched him walk away in the rearview mirror.
"Nice tushie."
It had been a while since she had indulged her femininity. Maybe Chris Reynolds wouldn't be a bad place to start.
"No no no. Keep your head in the game, Howard."
She pulled away with the air conditioner calming her body temperature. It might be best if she avoided the young man for a little while. Must stay focused. Ben. Ben Sherlock would be the next step. He was so keyed up with the discovery that she knew he would be more than happy to assist.
In the meantime, William was keeping tabs on Darius. His only source of information was the media. The story had expanded to CNN. A gruesome murder in a small town had made national headlines. Because of the publicity, everybody wanted a piece of the pie. Evidently, Darius had signed a confession, not only admitting to the murder of Chelsea Gray but also to killing the man in Birmingham that had been a mystery thus far. This let Chris completely off the hook and nobody would even question the arrest at this point. Because that murder occurred first, Jefferson County felt it should be tried within their court system. Sherriff Mercer naturally filed a motion of stay, being that he did all of the leg work and was the arresting officer. Again, there was no mention of Officer Howard.
This did not sit well with William. It made no sense for Darius to admit anything, much less bring so much attention to himself. He must have something up his sleeve. The leopards would surely have a plan of rescue. That is to be expected. His own pack would do the same. But would he maintain his retribution toward Chris? Careful measures must be in place to prevent a reoccurrence.
Just when I thought this mess was wrapped up, another issue takes surface. I suppose I had wanted excitement in my life. I was thinking somewhere along the line of a career move or even just figuring out what I want to do. I needed time to think this through. One thing I was certain of, whatever direction my life takes, it will include William.
Chris had returned and easily made himself at home. He gave William the gist of things and then joined the others outside for a few sparring rounds. Jonas had decided that if he was going to hang out with them, he needed to hone his self-defense skills. Although when I took a peek, there was more giggling and play-fighting than anything. And Abbey placed herself smack dab in the middle, naturally. I really have to get a handle on this jealousy thing. She is a nice girl. And pretty strong too! She had Jonas pinned to the ground, struggling and unable to escape. William came up behind me and rested on my shoulders.
"Looks like Abbey is getting stronger."
Great. One more asset of hers for me to deal with.
"I'm sure she can hold her own."
There was a surprise voice added to the conversation. Malcolm.
"I see Abbey is developing into a fine Alpha female."
We both spun around. I knew Edna would be furious if she caught him out of bed too soon. He held his hands up to quiet me before I even got the words out.
"I feel fine. A little fatigued, but fine. A glass of juice would be nice, if you would be so kind."
He moved toward a chair and sat softly. Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't wait on him hand and foot but I suppose he could use a little tender loving care for right now. I gladly brought him some orange juice from the fridge. He and William had already engaged in a serious conversation concerning Darius. I could see that my boyfriend was glad to have his second-in-command back. I grinned as I handed him the glass.
"Not even a thank you?"
He placed the back of my hand to his lips and pressed gently.
"You are my angel in disguise."
Heat rose to my face. I'm sure I turned every shade of red possible. How could he do that right there in front of William? Was he flirting with me? William hadn't interjected so I suppose it was a common way to thank someone around here. I was really gonna have to learn the rules of this crap. Where I come from, that act would merit a fist to the jaw.
I sort of felt in the way. The house was always in immaculate condition so there was nothing for me to clean. It's like they have little cleaning fairies come through when everyone is asleep. The group outside was getting a little rough for my liking so joining them was out of the question. There was simply no place in this house where I could escape, be alone, just read a book!
"William, I think I need to..."
"Come. I have something to show you."
He led me away by the hand. We climbed a stairway, which I had not seen before, that led to a single closed door.
"I thought you might just need a place to go sometimes."
He turned the handle and pushed the door forward. I couldn't believe what I saw inside. It was a beautiful room lined with windows on two walls. There was a chaise lounge with a floor lamp and a mahogany desk with a high-back leather chair, complete with desktop computer and printer. I walked to the window to find that it overlooked the lake on one side and a beautiful view of the treetops on the other.
"There is an empty bookshelf. You'll probably want to fill it yourself."
I almost ran to throw my arms around him.
"It's perfect! How did you know? When did you do all of this?"
He quieted me with a kiss. For the first time, I broke from his arms and all but ran through the house gathering my personal belongings. My very own space in my very own room! This was even better than Christmas. Well, almost. Just then, a thought entered my mind. I would eventually have to get William a Christmas gift. What does one give a wereboyfriend? Moreover, when is his birthday?
I poured myself a glass of iced tea and slung the little backpack over my shoulder. William had gone when I returned to my room. I refused to think about Darius issues for the time being. I organized five paperbacks, placed my cell phone on the desk, and stood back to admire. The many shelves appeared vacant housing a mere five books. I would have to stock them soon. Even the phone seemed lonely laying there. It would take a little time to give it my personalized touch. But who cares? I have my own room!
I stood by the window, gazing down at the lake. The son's reflection sparkled off the water's tiny crests. It really is a beautiful sight. I could see for miles from up here. This must be why so many people come here to vacation.
The sounds of laughter caught my attention. Two people were playfully splashing each other at the water's edge. A closer look revealed Chris and Abbey. I guess the sparring match was over. Now it was her turn to tackle Chris. She picked him up from the waist, and without effort, tossed him into the lake. He came up spouting water and giggling. Before he could counter, Abbey jumped in herself. They continued to play fight and fell into one another's arms, drifting out of my line of sight behind some tree branches.
I hurried to the other end of the room and pressed my face close against the windowpane. I could see movement between the trees but I couldn't quite make out what was going on. Curiosity was getting the better of me. I wondered if these two were becoming romantic. Had their friendship turned into something more? I mean, I know Abbey has had a crush on him but I didn't think it would go much farther than that. I also know that Chris is a very physical thing. If there is ever anything on his mind, it is sex. There is no way he can be around this girl for any length of time and not want to get a little touchy feely. Oh my goodness! Did I just witness their first kiss?
I spun around and leaned my weight against the wall. Something had to hold me up after that. I know first hand what it feels like to be touched by those hands. Werewolf or no, Abbey would have no defense against his talents. I slid down the wall and sat on the floor hugging my knees. When William came in and saw me there, he knelt to my level facing me. He waited, saying nothing. A million thoughts went bursting through my mind. Finally, words came.
"Do you think Abbey is pretty?"
He never hesitated.
"Well, her coat is coming in nicely. Her forefront is strong but I think her hind quarters could use more work. Her senses have heightened..."
No no no. I shook my head back and forth.
"Not her wolf features, William. Do you think she is a pretty woman?"
Men can really be dense sometimes.
"What is this about, Jen?"
I squirmed a bit but I had to get it out.
"Everyone seems to think she's the perfect mate for you. It's obvious what Chris thinks of her. What about you? Are you attracted to her?"
He sat all the way down for this one, never taking his eyes from me.
"You misunderstand the meaning of 'mate' to us. A mate is one who is best suited. To reproduce. To carry on the bloodline. In my case, leadership as well."
"Sure, but don't you want her to be attractive so when you, when you are, I mean...during..."
He laughed. Here I was fumbling for words, trying to be insightful, and he was laughing at me.
"Jen, we...werewolves...we mate in wolf form. Our desire is driven by scent. Mainly. It is just not necessary to be physically attracted."
This was not good news. No wonder we have been unsuccessful in bed. We have to do it like dogs while he's furry! My eyes spread wide and I curled away from him.
"So, you're attracted to me because I smell?"
He took my hands gently in his.
"I do not know the proper words to describe my attraction for you. Since the first night I saw you, I have been drawn to you. My human side finds you to be the most beautiful woman I have ever laid eyes on. I cannot stop thinking of you. I am in constant concern of your welfare."
"And your wolf side?"
Now it was his turn to squirm.
"My wolf side? That is where it becomes confusing for me. Though I know you are human, I feel that you should be the mother of my pups. Though I know it is not possible, I want you running beside me at the head of my pack. Inside, I consider you my Alpha female, yet I cannot express so to the others. I do not understand these emotions."
His head hung in sorrow. I could sense his heart squeezing within his chest. Funny that I kind of understand because I want to be all of those things he described. I put my arms around him and held on. At least I know now that my hindquarters are better than hers!
Chapter 18

The next morning I woke to a clambering coming from somewhere within the house. I had a good night's sleep, the sun was shining bright outside and it was a brand new day. I took care of my hygiene business and dressed. The kitchen was calling my name. I sensed a mouthwatering aroma as soon as I opened the bedroom door.
There were two men in service uniforms seemingly searching for something: one on hands and knees in the corner and the other feeling along the baseboards. My attention quickly averted when I saw the layout on the kitchen counter. These guys really know how to eat! It was a small buffet containing a bit of every breakfast fare available. I began delicately filling my plate so as not to appear greedy.
"Good morning sunshine! How do you want your eggs?"
Abbey turned facing me with spatula in hand and an apron tied at her waist. Her smile was radiant, filling the entire room with an unspoken joy. I wondered what had lit her candle so bright this morning. I was sure it had something to do with Chris but how could I care when she was offering eggs made to order?
"You choose. Whatever you make will be great."
I chomped on a piece of crispy bacon while I watched her work. What was I doing? This girl is amazing. Chris would be lucky to have her. I should be more concerned about his intentions not hers. After all, he doesn't have the most trustworthy reputation when it comes to women.
"So what are those guys looking for?"
Abbey responded without neglect to her eggs.
"William finally decided to catch up to the rest of the world. They are installing a satellite. We're gonna have telephone, cable and internet!"
Wow. Sure didn't sound like the backwoods William that I know. He would be happy if he never had communication with the outside world again. He was a bit overprotective of the pack if you ask me. From what I had seen, they are fully capable of defending themselves. Maybe now he decided to give them the credit they deserve.
"I thought with a few of the amenities that you are used to, you might feel more comfortable here."
William's arms curled around my waist from behind. I love it when he does that. He kissed my cheek and said good morning. I only remember waking up once at the same time. He must rise with the chickens. Well, he would if he had any.
"You've done enough pampering for a while. Can we just enjoy one another now?"
"I thought you would never ask. I think everyone needs a break. What would you like to do today?"
I thought about it for a minute and truthfully, there was nothing I wanted to do other than relax and worry about nothing.
"Hey, Will. Want in on a game of football. Don't worry, it's only touch. You won't get hurt."
Chris had that stupid grin plastered across his face.
"Oooh...you feeling your Wheaties today?"
William quickly put him in a headlock, gently of course. They play-wrestled like the children they truly are inside until a lamp got knocked off of an end table and shattered on the floor. Abbey turned with fists on hips and glared at the two. William and Chris looked at each other as if their mother had caught them and then burst into laughter.
"Don't expect me to clean that up. And take that foolishness outside."
She plopped the over-easy eggs on my plate and huffed.
"I swear I don't know what this house would look like without me."
I sadly watched the runny yellow yolk spill out over the rest of my food. Oh well, guess I was gonna break it anyway. I sopped a piece of toast in it and crammed it in my mouth. Mmmm, I think this girl has a true calling.
"Don't worry about it, Abbey. I'll get it. Ya'll go on out and play your little game. Let the women have some peace and quiet for a change."
I thought it might be a good time for us girls to have a chat. After picking up the lamp pieces, I went to lend Abbey a hand in cleaning up the kitchen. My skills were lacking in that area but I could fake it well enough. I found myself a little nervous when it actually came time to ask her.
"Abbey, can we talk seriously for a minute?"
She must have known by the look on my face that this was important to me. She wiped her hands on a dishtowel and we sat down at the counter with a full glass of juice. I traced my finger around the rim in search of words.
"It's okay, Jenson. You can say anything to me."
After a few more moments of hesitation, I continued.
"Everybody says that you're the logical choice for William. That you should be his mate. Sometimes I find myself wondering if that's the way it should really be. I mean you and William. It makes perfect sense, you know. He's Alpha, you're Alpha female. He has to carry on a true bloodline and you can provide that for him. Then there's...me."
She took the juice glass from my hand and made me face her.
"I'd be lying if I said I never thought about it. I used to think I was destined to be William's mate. We'd lead the pack together and make a family. You know, the happily ever afer thing. However, the older I got and the closer our relationship grew, I was noticing that maybe we weren't as good a match as everyone seems to think. Don't get me wrong, he's a good man and all, but he can be a little...grumpy sometimes. And he always has to have his way."
We both giggled in understanding.
"I have noticed that you've put him in his place more than once. That impressed me. I would never dare to try that. And I can see it in his eyes when he looks at you. Jen, you're the one he wants. You're the one he loves."
"What about the pure bloodline? He seems to think he'll figure something out but I just can't see how."
"Give him a chance. At least let him try. You love him, don't you?"
I shook my head.
"Then there's nothing to worry about. These things will work themselves out in time. Take some advice from a young wolf. Enjoy that man while you have him. Stop worrying about minor things. And most of all stop worrying about me. I'm definitely not competition."
"I'd love to warn you off about Chris but I imagine you've got that one figured out."
"Trust me, that boy is no match for this werewolf!"
Our conversation went on as normal conversation goes. It felt good to have a girlfriend to talk to again. I think Abbey is more mature than I gave her credit. Seems like that's another thing William and I have in common. I felt that I could truly trust her. Maybe I should start having more confidence in myself. Ya. William should feel lucky to have me. I'm smart, gorgeous, funny and independent. So I exaggerated a little on the gorgeous part but I don't look bad. My dad thinks I'm pretty!
The house was quiet and I was winding down for the afternoon. I chose a book from the huge selection of five and nestled down on my comfortable, new chaise lounge. The natural light filtered through the room so well that it almost felt as though I were sitting outside. I promptly drifted into fantasyland, oblivious to everything else going on in the world.
The boys were outside attempting to display their athletic skills. New rules went into effect since Chris was not as strong or fast. He and William were on opposite teams. Jonas lobbed a beautiful pass directly into Chris' hands. He leapt and landed gracefully before turning toward the goal line. He saw William coming straight at him. When he was within reach, Chris pivoted to the right in order to avoid the sack. Instead, William had adjusted his direction and landed two hands around his shoulders, achieving the fourth down. Chris slammed the ball to the ground and it bounced out of control.
"No way! There's no way you could have done that without using your were-abilities."
William laughed and mussed Chris' hair.
"It's not your speed that got you caught, it's your eyes. They point in the direction in which you are thinking to move. Not a good habit in a fight, I might add. Here, let me show you."
The game then turned into an instructional block on defense. While William was demonstrating some moves and counters, the others formed a circle around for encouragement.
"Now you try."
William made an advance toward Chris with his head tucked down. Chris pivoted right and hooked an arm around William's neck, allowing his hip to use the momentum to take him to the ground. He landed with a thud. Chris abruptly landed a knee on his chest and a grip to the throat.
"That's it! You're getting better. Now get off of me before I show you a kill move."
Chris stood with hands on knees to catch his breath.
"Better we don't tell Jen about this. You know how she gets."
William agreed. Given the circumstances, and if Chris was going to remain a part of their group, it was beneficial to teach him how to fight wereanimals. He hoped it would never come to that again, but best to be prepared.
William had made plans for the evening so he wrapped it up. The group whined and argued but he remained insistent. There would be plenty of time to play later. He took the stairs two at a time and stopped when he reached the door, remembering that this was a place of privacy for his girlfriend. He gave two sharp raps and heard the greeting to enter.
"Hey. Thought we would take a drive into town this evening. Maybe get something to eat. Sound good?"
I rubbed my eyes and focused on William. He was a mess. Dirt from head to toe.
"I think you might want to get cleaned up first."
He looked down at himself and mused.
"Guess you're right."
While William was taking a shower, I decided to freshen up as well. I was brushing my teeth when I noticed his silhouette through the mirror. It was a wondrous spectacle to watch. I realized my toothbrush was still hanging from my mouth and pasty spit dribbled down my chin. I rinsed and dried, turning to enjoy the show a little more. I must admit, I was willing to try again right then and there. I think I could endure a few more bruises for another go at it.
The water ceased and the glazed door opened. He stood before me, glistening with beaded wetness, hair falling down around his face. He had always been comfortable with his nakedness yet I sensed the slightest hint of embarrassment now.
"I did not know you were here."
He tied a towel around his waist and moved toward the door.
"William, you don't have to avoid me."
"I do not wish to hurt you."
I placed my arms around him and waited until he did the same.
"We still have to maintain some level of physicality you know. I love you. And, seeing you like this, well...it would be just wrong not to be allowed to touch you."
He held me closer then and I kissed his neck. I instantly felt his pleasure press against me.
"Well, maybe we should hurry and contact that grandfather of yours."
He snickered and went to dress.
Dinner was simple. We chose a local diner that had been around since I was a kid. The Busy Bee Cafe. I have no clue where the name came from and the waitresses all had gray hair and wrinkled skin. It was like being stuck in a time warp of the elderly. They made the best greasy burgers in town, or if you prefer, the freshest home grown vegetables around. One could also catch up on the latest gossip while enjoying the food. Except today, I think we were the topic of conversation.
William maintained his poise throughout our stay. He flattered the waitress on two occasions and left a hefty tip on the table.
"That should keep her on our side for a little while."
We held hands, walking down the street to our next destination. A tiny bell tinkled as the door pushed open. The smell of musty woodwork hit me and I inhaled deeply. Rows and rows of shelves lined with books covered the entire room. It wasn't Barnes and Noble but as close as I would get in this town.
"You have an unlimited account already set up. Take your time. I'll be over here flirting with the owner."
He winked and turned away. I had nothing to worry about because she was seventy-two and wore her hair in pin curls. She even wore stockings rolled to the ankle with sensible shoes. Dr. Scholl must make a fortune here.
I almost felt guilty when William hefted the two boxes I had filled into the truck. Not to mention the seven I ordered that continue a series I was currently reading. It had been a pleasant outing that was desperately needed. I slid next to him and snuggled his arm during the ride back. We passed by the street that led to my little house. I should at least check on my things every now and then.
"I have been meaning to talk to you about that."
William broke the silence.
"I was thinking you could move into the pack house."
I hadn't seen that one coming. An immediate sense of suffocation took over. He must have noticed the tension.
"You don't have to decide just yet. But the offer is there."
Well this would surely give me something new to ponder for a while. Is there no end to surprises with this man? It would be a good way to find out how accepting the rest of the pack is of me. It would provide more time for William and me to get to know each other's quirks. I could save my money by not having rent and electricity to pay. Of course, I would pay him for my share of things. There would most definitely be an abundance of food and, best of all, I wouldn't have to cook! I was certain there were negatives to the situation but I couldn't think of any just then. I wondered how long he had been thinking about this.
"Is this because of the need you have to protect me?"
He smiled at me. The dashboard lights reflected an amber tint in his eyes. There was much about this werewolf stuff that I still had to learn. I suppose that living there would provide this information. It was intimidating but what the hell. Maybe I should go for it. We pulled in front of the house and he killed the engine. I only had to look into those eyes once more and knew my decision.
"Okay."
"Okay?"
"I want to do it. I want to live here. With you. And them."
I pointed toward the front door where three faces already awaited our arrival.
"I discussed it with them earlier today. I think they're anxious to hear your response."
I noticed Malcolm was not one of the faces.

Things got busy over the next few days. I terminated the lease to my house. Abbey was more than willing to help me pack. The movers came and loaded everything onto the van. Most of it was going to storage and the rest we put on William's truck. Once everybody had gone, Abbey and I stayed back to take care of the cleaning.
"I'm gonna miss this place. It was the first time I had something of my own."
I locked the door behind us and dropped the keys inside the mailbox. It was sad and exciting at the same time.
"You're going to love it out there, Jenson. And if you need quiet time, you've got your room upstairs. William gave strict instructions not to bother you in there."
I guess there was that. Besides, I think Abbey articulated enough excitement to cover the both of us.
William spoke with his grandfather. The tickets were purchased already for the flight. We would leave in three days. Coincidentally on the same day that Darius was scheduled to be transferred to Jefferson County. He was reluctant to go but his grandfather insisted. "The sooner the better for us all," he said. I wasn't sure how to take that.
"He is going to love you. Stop worrying. After all, I did meet your parents."
"Different situation, wouldn't you say?"
On the eve of our departure, the wolves gathered for instruction. William knew the leopards would be planning something so he decided to take precaution. He let me sit in on this one. I kind of felt privileged to be included. William and Malcolm were bent over a map pointing out obvious points of escape when Jonas burst through the front door, Holly at his heels.
"Will! You're never gonna guess. There's a cat outside asking to speak with you. One lone leopard! Can you believe that?"
The two top dogs (like how I used that?) led the way. Sure enough, there was a single man waiting in the yard. William stood, arms folded across his chest, emitting authority. This guy was either very brave or very stupid. I hadn't made up my mind yet.
"I apologize for the intrusion. I thought you should know we will free Darius tomorrow night during the transfer. Then we will leave your region and return to our home. You will not be bothered again."
William's voice was powerful.
"How do I know I can trust you?"
"I risked my life in coming here. Darius was out of control. Our people agreed he must be stopped. He will stand before our elders. We regret the trouble caused here. I hope an alliance can be reached."
William studied him for a moment and agreed but only with the understanding that should the situation go awry, the pack would be there to dispose of the leopards once and for all.
"Agreed."

I spent the next morning attempting to pack my bags. So far, the carry-on was the only one I was happy with. What are you supposed to wear when meeting a wise, old were-relative who's going to teach your boyfriend how to have sex?
"This is ridiculous!"
I threw down the garments in hand and slammed the suitcase lid. William walked in just in time to witness my childish fit.
"Anything you wear will be fine. Items of clothing will not matter to my grandfather."
"It will if he's checking out my hindquarters!"
William burst into laughter. I realized how silly that must have sounded. The stress dissolved.
"I just want him to like me."
We finished the task together and everything was set. The guys loaded up the trunk, Chris would drive. William was reluctant but decided that Malcolm could handle the leopards. He recovered quickly and was eager to get back to pack business. We sat in the backseat while enjoying the chauffer treatment. He watched out the window for any sign of leopard activity. If anything was going on, it evaded my human eye.
My apprehension had eased by the time we reached the airport. It was our first official trip together. Why not make the best of it? Our luggage was checked, we boarded and buckled in. When the jet engines roared, William's knuckles turned white from the death grip he held on the armrest. What have we here? Big, bad werewolf was afraid of flying!
"I will use this against you for the rest of your life."
I don't think he found my statement amusing. He seemed to calm down once the plane leveled off. It was only to be a four-hour flight but I was already feeling fidgety. I stood to retrieve my bookbag from the overhead and William grabbed my hand.
"Where are you going?"
Maybe if we do this more often he'll get over his fear. When the landing gear extracted, I thought he would rip his seat from its hinges. He all but shoved me out the door when it opened.
"Really, William? You gotta get a grip. You know we have to do it again to get back home."
"How do you feel about living in North Dakota?"
We took a rental car from the airport. He asked for a four-door sedan but the only thing available was a compact. His knees rested on the dash and his head was inches from the roof. Needless to say, I had to drive while he navigated from the passenger seat. The scenery consisted of extensive tracts of land. I was too nervous to consider sightseeing anyway.
We exited the highway; taking more twists and turns than I would ever remember. William's facial expression had settled now that he was in familiar territory.
"Is there really a motel way out here?"
"No motel. We will be staying with family. They are very hospitable."
My stomach did a somersault.
Chapter 19

The place was very secluded as expected. Only here there was lots of open landscape for the wolves to roam. Unlike home, there was not one massive house to accommodate. Instead, there were several cabin-like structures spread throughout the acreage. It wasn't hard to miss our destination for everyone, and there was a lot of everyone, was gathered in anticipation of our arrival.
"Don't panic. To them it is simply a social visit. Try to relax."
I never had time to panic. As soon as the car stopped, several children rushed over shouting. "Uncle Will, Uncle Will!" They each jumped on him like a jungle gym, hanging from his arms and legs. A woman greeted me on my side of the car with a warm hug.
"I'm Lysa, William's sister. It's so good to meet you. A couple of those pups are mine. Come on, I'll introduce you."
She ran through them all so quickly. I would have a hard time keeping all of the names straight. 
"Don't worry, you'll remember the important ones."
William finally caught up to us and Lysa shooed the children away. An older gentleman stood from a chair on the porch and made his way forward. He and William embraced for a long moment, near to tears. This, I assumed, must be his grandfather. They shared many of the same features, especially their remarkably good looks. He turned to embrace me with the same love. I melted in his arms. I would have to find out what this ability was to lure me in.
"You are as lovely as my grandson spoke. I hope you are hungry."
"Famished."
He guided me behind the house where a small feast had been prepared. As much as I love how these folks eat, the freshly squeezed lemonade was the best. I listened to remember-when's and stories of William's childhood. His family was fantastic. I could see why he cared so much for them all.
"All right, you've embarrassed me enough for one day. I think it is time we head out. See you in the morning, Gramps."
William offered his hand to me. I felt as though I should help clean up at least but he assured me it was fine. We drove the rental a little farther, stopping next to another structure.
"Home, sweet home."
The inside could use some airing out but was unexpectedly clean.
"This was mine before we were sent south. Seems smaller now."
The house had a combined kitchen-dining-living area with one separate bedroom and bath.
"I like it. It's comfortable."
I snooped around a bit while he brought in the luggage.
"Are you sure it's okay for us to stay here together? I mean, is it acceptable?"
He took me in his arms and spun me around.
"I will never lack amusement with you in my life, Jenson Bennett."
"Well, we're not married. Or engaged even."
"Canines do not actually marry, Jen. Not in the traditional sense anyway. Trust me, it is completely acceptable."
It gets cooler here at night than I had expected. Good thing my bed mate has an excessive body temperature because I only brought a wife-beater to sleep in. The rumble in his throat when he saw me clad for the night was a reminder that I may have made a mistake. Maybe one of his t-shirts would be better.
We both slept soundly. Better than we had in weeks. I awoke fresh and ready for the day. William would be spending his with his grandfather while Lysa graciously volunteered to show me around. She arrived shortly after William left. We shared a pot of coffee before heading out.
"I was fortunate to find my mate here. He's away on company business. I hope he gets back before you have to leave."
"How many chil...pups do you have?"
I blushed from my mistake.
"It's okay. You'll pick up on the terminology. In answer to your question, two. Stan wanted a larger litter but I think my hands are full enough with the ones we've got. Maybe you and William will have a few some day and take his focus off of me."
The look of dismay must have shown.
"I'm sorry. Don't mean to rush you into anything."
"Oh, it's not that. I...um...this is all so new to me. I'm not even sure how that part works. Are you gonna laugh at me now?"
"Of course not! Honey, by the time you leave I'll have you well educated."
It was a relief to know his sister didn't resent me. Hopefully, the rest of the family would feel the same. As it turns out, not everybody here is related. A poor assumption on my part. She gave me a condensed family history lesson, filling me in on the oil industry they owned and operated.
"Stan runs the logistics end. He's in Houston, wheeling and dealing with the big guns. You'll like him, I think. You have something very strong in common with his mother."
She gave a wink while sipping her coffee.
"You mean she's human? But what about the bloodline?"
"Uhm. Gramps was a bit angry with me at first but he soon got over it when the first pup came along. Anyway, he's always got William to fall back on."
My eyes widened.
"I don't understand. If I'm, if we, I mean..."
"Oh wow. I keep forgetting you don't know these things. See, it's different for a male. Especially an Alpha. I think William ought to explain that part to you. Besides, we better go if I'm to show you our great town today."
I think that was my cue to change the subject.
"Is there a book store?"

We walked the streets all morning, Lysa showing off her visitor to friends. Then we came across an antiques shop where I found a lovely roll top desk. I think I may have drooled a little bit.
"No, William already gave me a perfectly good desk. I'll be happy enough with that one. Besides, that's a pretty hefty price tag hanging on it."
Curiosity got the better of me again during lunch.
"What about your parents?"
Lysa saddened as she fingered her sandwich.
"Our mother was pregnant for the third time. The entire pack was looking forward to the new addition. Especially Dad. He loved children. He used to spend hours outdoors with William and me, playing games and teaching us to hunt.
She wore a heartbreaking smile, reliving her memories.
"One day there was an accident at one of the oil wells and Dad was taken to the emergency room. Mother was frantic. I remember it so clearly. There was no one to drive her so she hopped in the car herself. Her only thoughts were of her husband. The father of her children. Somewhere along the way, there was an accident. It was raining and she lost control around a curve. She and the baby died on impact."
I placed my hand over hers in comfort.
"Our father never recovered from his own injuries. He died two days later."
"I'm so sorry for your loss. I had no idea."
"I'm fine now. It was hard for a while but I understand how life works. Gramps took over the task of raising us. He did a good job I think. William has grown into a fine leader and me; well I think I'm a pretty good mother."
"I think you are two of the most wonderful people I have ever met. I'm fortunate to know both of you."
She wiped her nose, sniffled delicately and paid the check. My feet were exhausted by the time we returned. Lysa's mood had lifted again. William was still out so I took advantage of our time.
"There is something I'm dying to ask you. It's rather personal so I don't want to offend you."
"Sex. Am I right?"
She patted the couch cushion beside her.
"Have a seat. You don't want to be standing for this."
First, she described humans and wolves. Then she compared the two. When she got to the part about human/werewolf interaction, I gaped in astonishment. I was very thankful that William had a sister. I only hoped Gramps would be half as informative.
"It's getting late. The kids will be home soon and I haven't even started supper."
She was the sister I never had. Sure could've used her when I got my first menstrual cycle, or 'ladies days' as my mother calls it. She rushed into town when I told her and came back with an elastic belt contraption with clips to hold the pad in place like a garter. I was mortified when I found out there was things out there that simply stick to your panties. This from an episode in the girl's gym locker room. I played sick the rest of the week to avoid changing in front of them again. That was downright traumatizing now that I think about it.
William brought home BBQ for two since we didn't have groceries. Good thing I remembered tea bags and sugar while I was out.
"How did you two get on today?"
I threw my arms around his neck and planted a firm kiss.
"She's wonderful. I love her already. You think they would consider moving to Alabama?"
We sat outside to watch the sunset and enjoy the quiet.
"The pack asked me to run with them tonight. Will you be all right by yourself?"
"Go. Enjoy yourself. Stop worrying about me."
I thought about how it must feel to run free and wild with not inhibitions. I imagine exhilarating. I tried to wait up for him but to no avail. The incessant squeaking of the wheel inside an old VHS cassette I was watching soon lulled me to sleep. 

It's breath was hot and stunk of death. Spittle dripped on my skin, its pointed teeth merely inches from my face. It sniffed at my body and I dare not move for I knew it would kill me. A deep growling emerged from its belly. Its attention snapped back to my face. I opened my mouth to scream but no sound would come. My heart raced and my breathing increased so that my chest was heaving. Just as it prepared to deliver the killing bite, a howl was heard in the distance. Then, slowly emerging from the trees, a large wolf crept forward, inching its way nearer. The beast atop me instantly sprang and bounded off in the opposite direction. It paused long enough to give me one last look. I know those eyes. I know those eyes! Chris.

"Jenson! Jenson, wake up!"
I startled awake and lurched away from his hold. My eyes came into focus and I saw that it was William. My shirt was sweat soaked and my heart was pounding in my chest.
"You are trembling. You had a bad dream, that's all."
I welcomed his comforting arms, sinking into the warmth of his body. He smelled of grass and trees and...grime!
"Just what is it you do while you're out...running?"
He looked down at himself and recognized what a mess he was. I picked a leaf from his hair.
"Souvenir?"
We took turns utilizing the shower. I insisted he go first. The dream left me with an unsettling feeling. I was glad to have him with me now. My protector.
Now that it was time to share a bed again, I became nervous. It was time to test the waters. I climbed beneath the covers and moved close to him. Without speaking, he began to trace the curves of my arm, slowly moving along the contours of my body. I responded immediately to his caress yet refrained from reacting. I had to allow him time to explore for himself. He then removed the sheet, exposing my nakedness. He had seen me before but never really looked at me. His eyes were tender and his breathing controlled. Emotion emitted from his kiss. It flowed through my veins as I absorbed him. I placed him on his back and returned his favor, ensuring my fingertips, as well as my eyes, found every inch of his body.
We woke together the next morning, still intertwined. We had not made love that night but instead, discovered love. William needed to know his human side. He needed to experience his own body as a human would. By closing his mind to the animal inside, as his grandfather taught him, he was able to view me as a woman. I was not a bitch to be conquered but simply a woman.
"My soft, delicate flower."
He kissed my brow and left the bed with a smile. Apparently, he had accomplished something here. I was glad to know that but damn! I lay there, sexually frustrated and alone. Again. I hoped he would get through this inner struggle quickly. It felt as though my special place would burst into flames.
We were to spend our day with the pack. The children clung to me in curiosity until Gramps warned them off.
"You don't want to scare her away now do you?"
I decided to give Lysa and William some sibling time alone. Gramps and I sat on the porch. I was skeptical but he baited me with a glass of lemonade. The young ones played some sort of chasing game in the yard while we talked.
"I hoped by being here you would better understand the importance of our existence. It has taken many years to rebuild our kind. Should the human race gain knowledge of our being, our extinction would be eminent. I trust in William's judgment. He believes in you."
His words carried wisdom, sorrow and experience. I knew he feared my involvement with the wolves, even though he tried not to let it show.
"My life is now filled with unimaginable things. Some I understand, some I do not. Nevertheless, it isn't my place, or my wish, to disrupt the lives of others. We're just different that's all."
He genuinely smiled.
"And what of this friend of yours? Can he be trusted?"
I wanted immediately to say yes but held my tongue. Chris' heart was well intentioned but sometimes his mouth bested his brain. I would have to make sure he understood the importance of secrecy.
As my mind wandered, a growling match broke out in the yard.
"You pups cut that out or I'll rip your hide myself!"
Gramps chuckled at the sight.
"Now there's trouble you might want to worry about."
A white Mercedes halted in the drive and a blonde bombshell with legs to her neck stepped out in six-inch heels. She swayed her hips from side to side as she walked.
"Someone needs to control those little mongrels. Hello, Grandfather."
She paused to look me up and down.
"I heard William was in town and simply had to stop by. Is he inside?"
She let herself in without invitation.
"Cassie Turner." Gramps informed me. "That girl's been after William for as long as I can remember. You keep an eye on that one."
I peered through the screen door just in time to see her kiss William's cheek and give him a much too close hug.
"Jen! Come in and meet Cassie."
Lysa to the rescue.
"Cassie, meet William's...fiancé."
The lie shocked him almost as much as it did me. I slid underneath William's arm and plastered on a smile.
"Nice to meet you."
She looked down her perfect nose at me in scorn.
"Fiancé." She tsked. "Don't tell me you knocked her up."
She then gave a condescending laugh before Lysa intervened.
"Listen, you wench, don't make me..."
William stepped between the two to calm the situation. Cassie smoothed her skirt and recovered her temper.
"Not to worry, William. Unlike others, I am first a lady. I simply came to say hello. I'll be on my way."
Her car left a cloud of dust.
"That is definitely no lady." Lysa spat.
William didn't offer explanation and I didn't ask. Whatever his relationship with Cassie, it is over now. There's a new girl in town and this wolf is mine.
Dinner passed without further incident. I helped the women clean up while the boys retreated to lounge in the calories they had ingested. I felt at ease with everyone and hated to say goodbye but our flight was scheduled to depart at 8 a.m. and that was quite early for me. We packed our bags before bedtime so as not to be pushed for time in the morning.
There was hugs and tears all around prior to our leaving. The visit had proved positive for both of us in many ways. I invited Lysa to visit, hoping to meet Stan. Gramps refused to travel at his age so he made me promise to return soon. William was eager to get back to pack business and I was eager to get him away from Cassie.
During the flight, we spoke little. William took a mild sedative this time to ease his fear of flying. I tried to read but my mind wandered. My nightmares occurred more often now and were much more vivid. I would have to tell him about them soon.
Abbey and Chris were already waiting when the plane landed. I braced myself for the rushing linebacker that was Abbey.
"I missed you guys! So glad you're home. Now things can get back to normal. It's all business with Malcolm. I think Jonas and Holly are connecting. Really, I think they're doing it but she admits nothing. That one boy, Thomas, came by. He's a strange one."
I let her babble on, hoping she would tire soon but that never happened. We were in front of the house before she even took a breath.
"You have to tell me about Cassie later."
She quietly slipped that one in before disappearing inside. I called to check in with my parents while Malcolm brought William up to speed. The leopard clan had successfully recovered Darius with no sign of them since. Malcolm ordered patrols of the outlying regions, just in case.
I didn't see William for most of the day. He had business in town so I busied myself around the house. This would get old fast. Maybe I should find a hobby or something to occupy my time. I was in the middle of scrubbing the kitchen sink when he came in, excitedly jingling a set of keys in my direction. He abruptly halted.
"What are you doing? You are not...domestic."
I pointed a finger at him in argument, slopping cleanser on the floor.
"Oops."
"C'mon. I have something to show you."
His animation was intriguing. I had never seen him so worked up over anything. We took his truck. Within ten minutes, we were parking in front of a building approximately one-quarter mile from Smith Lake Park.
"Well, what do you think?"
I looked at him, then at the building, then back at him again. I was totally confused.
"It's my sporting goods store! I signed today. It should be up and running by winter. Just in time for hunting season."
Wow, if I had known it only took some fishing line and a tent to excite him I wouldn't have wasted so much time matching my bra and panties. He put the key in the door and twisted the knob. The interior left as much to be desired as the outside. Dust covered everything. There were several shelves made of untreated wood and a counter with an old-time cash register.
"Look, William. A bathroom."
Complete with rusted sink and waterless toilet.
"It does need a little work. But, is it not perfect? I even have a spot outside to hang canoes!"
In the back was a fenced-in gravel lot. An old boat was left to die on the far side. The motor lay in pieces beside it.
"I plan to rent spaces to boat owners."
His vision must have been clearer than my own.
"I would like to officially offer you a position in my fine establishment. Minimum wage, of course, until we see if you work out."
I expect this solves my boredom issue.
"Fine. But don't expect me to put worms or crickets in those little canisters."
I signed on-line when we got home to order the supplies he would need to get that place in working order. William gave me an account number to use and said money was no object. If he wanted this business to be financially successful, he would have to change that way of thinking. I was so involved with my work that I didn't hear the knock at the door to my office. That's what I called it now that I'm a business woman.
"Hey, Jen! It's Chris. Open up."
I let him in. Immediately I noticed he was dressed to go out.
"I'm headed out to hang with Thomas for a while. Thought I'd ask if you wanna ride."
Chris and alcohol. Not a good idea.
"You have to be careful, Chris. You know what happens when you drink. You cannot let anything slip."
He tried to blow me off but I didn't relent.
"I'm serious! You're involved now. You can't take this lightly."
I think I may have pushed too far.
"If you haven't noticed, I'm a big boy now. And I think I've proven enough times my loyalty to the pack. Stop playing mommy and realize I'm still human. And I'm gonna get laid if I'm lucky!"
He stormed from the room leaving me to wallow in my guilt. I hadn't thought to consider how drastically his own life had changed. That also answered my question concerning him and Abbey. Oh no, Abbey! She would be crushed if she found out he boinked some slut in a drunken stupor. As always, I was unable to keep my mouth shut.
We put our skills together to come up with the best 'come get me' outfit between both our wardrobes. I took a step back and whistled.
"If I didn't love William I'd do you myself."
While Abbey was out attracting Chris, I took the opportunity to do a little attracting of my own. Or should I say distracting. William's nose was planted firmly in the paperwork and planning of his new business. No matter what I tried, he blew me off with a peck on the cheek or a pat on the knee.
"I bet if Cassie walked in you'd notice."
That got his attention.
"What are you talking about?"
"I've been trying for the past hour to woo you with my feminine wiles. All you can think about is shot gut shells and camouflage."
Now I was pouting. Hey, I know what works. I had years of perfecting the act on my dad. Ha! I knew it. He picked me up like a sack of taters and hauled me to the bedroom.
"All you had to do was say so."
The door closed behind us and the lights went out. He tore the clothes from my body. Literally. I would be mad tomorrow when I saw the tattered mess. My head was swimming and I couldn't catch my breath. He came at me with an urgency. His lips found places of pleasure that I never knew I had. I struggled to contain my growing need. My hands longingly roamed his well-defined muscles. I felt my chest rise and fall, my heart threatening to beat its way from its cage.
He found his place atop me, my legs instinctively opening to him. There was the slightest of hesitation before he slid inside my walls. I clung to him, digging my fingers into his back. His hips began to move and I joined his rhythm. Slowly at first until the desire took over. I had no control over my actions. I wanted to scream. I wanted to cry. With every thrust, I met him full force. I felt his need growing and I could tell he was almost there. Just when I thought I would explode, I let myself release to a series of orgasm when his hot fluid filled me.
I opened my eyes just enough to see his head rear back, canines protruding. The sharp points were aimed at my throat. I shouted just in time to stop him.
"William, no!"
He caught himself in mid-motion and collapsed. The weight was tremendous. I wriggled out from under his quivering body. Minutes passed in silence. Only our breathing could be heard. And a damned ticking clock!
"I thought I was ready. I thought I could control it."
His voice was tiny in the dark.
"You did control it, William."
"No, you stopped me. I could have hurt you badly."
"But you didn't. I'm fine."
He turned to face me with grief-stricken eyes. I couldn't allow him to feel regret after such a powerful experience.
"Listen to me. We made love. Together. It took both to start it, and both to end. Together. Besides, if it's that good every time I just might bite you back."
At least I earned a smile from that. I held onto him tightly and fell to sleep. Sometime later in the night, a slamming door and loud voices awakened us. People were shouting somewhere in the house. William jumped into his jeans and I grabbed my bathrobe, halfway dressing down the hall. Chris and Abbey were going at it full throttle when we reached the living room.
"Just look at her!" He was pointing in Abbey's direction. "She's dressed like a hooker!"
"Hey, I helped pick that out." I spoke in her defense of course.
"Every guy in the place was pawing at her!"
"At least somebody noticed! You sure didn't."
Abbey was near tears when William stepped in.
"That's enough. You will wake the entire house."
"But he..."
"I said that's enough!" Followed by a growl that scared even me.
Abbey ran away to her room and Chris grunted.
"You sit."
I started to approach but William stopped me.
"I think this is guy stuff, Jen. A little privacy please?"
Against my better judgment, I left them alone and went to comfort Abbey. I strained my ears to listen but their voices were muffled. Men are so stupid. Can't he see that she is smitten with him? Then again, this is Chris we're talking about so probably not. Once the tears stopped and the voices faded, I returned to bed to find William already there.
"No need in having children of our own. We've got a houseful as it is."

There was obvious tension between the two the next day. I couldn't stop grinning though. William and I had finally found common ground in the boudoir area and it felt fantastic.
"What's up with you? It looks like a coat hanger got caught in your mouth."
Chris had his usual way with words.
"Nothing. Just happy, that's all."
There was no hiding my enthusiasm when I saw him, looking luscious as ever. I don't think it's fair that men don't have to work at beauty as women do. He told me he was expecting the first delivery today and that he would be gone for a while.
"I'm taking Chris with me so he can remain in one piece."
He patted my behind and winked at Abbey on his way out. Good. A quiet house for a while. Even Jonas and Malcolm decided to go help out.
William sat the last box down and tipped the delivery driver. It appeared as though a tornado had swept through the place. They would have to work fast to be open for business by September.
"Can I ask you something?" Jonas sat beside him. "How do you know when you've met your mate?"
William grinned. Seems everyone knew it was Holly except for Jonas.
"There is no explanation. You just know."
He handed him a sandwich. In between bites he continued.
"But what if you think you know but you're not sure you know and you don't know what you thought you knew til it's too late to know?"
William scratched his head.
"What? Never mind. I'll make this easy for you. It's Holly."
Jonas turned three shades of red.
"Have you and she...?"
"No! I would never. She has never. We would never!"
"Okay, okay. Just asking. But you do want to right?"
He could bear no more. He hurried from the room before William could say anything else.
"Looks like the little guy is growing up."

I rested my head on a rolled up towel and lay back against the tub. The ceramic was cool against my skin. The sweet aroma of lilac filled my nostrils. The soapy bubbles danced around my knees and toes. I closed my eyes and relaxed in the silence, drinking in the ambiance. I had found a happy place in my life.
I heard the door ease open and sensed him watching me. He didn't interrupt and I didn't acknowledge his presence. Instead, I decided to have a little fun. I raised one leg above the water, lathering my skin from thigh to toe with sensual hand motions. When my leg immersed once again, I continued to enjoy the pleasure of my own touch. My desire was building, my breathing increased.
"You can join me if you like."
The silence was deafening. For just a moment, I thought he might have left.
"William may object but the offer is extremely intriguing."
The sound of Malcolm's voice was so unexpected that I shrieked. My eyes popped open to find him leaned against the door facing, arms folded across his chest. I scrambled to bring more sudsy bubbles near in attempt to cover myself.
"What are you doing here? Get out!"
I tried to reach for a towel but my breasts came way to close to exposure. I immediately plunged once again in humiliation. He slowly turned his back to me and sniggered. He strolled away with an air of arrogance surrounding. I leaned forward, craning my neck to ensure he had left the room. Once I was confident that he was gone, I forced myself to rise from the security of the soapy water. In one swift movement, I grabbed the towel, lurched for the door and slid, landing abruptly on hands and knees. At least I managed to get it closed through the graceful process.
With bathrobe secured tightly around my waist, I stomped down the hallway in search of my imposing admirer. Granted, I had put on a little show but it was completely under false pretences. Malcolm should have never been in our bedroom in the first place. I thought it was William!
"Have you lost your mind? What were you doing in there?"
He turned up the carton of orange juice and gulped, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand, all the while wearing the same smug grin.
"I may now better understand William's attraction for you."
Embarrassment flooded my entire being. I stumbled for words.
"This is not funny! William would be furious to know this happened. Why were you in there?"
"My intent was to invite you to join me for lunch though I must admit your offer was much more stimulating."
"Stop that. I thought you were William. I would never...oh never mind."
I turned to depart when he added, "in my world, an Alpha and his Beta often share the same female."
I was taken aback. William would never agree to share me with anyone.
"Not to worry, Jenson. This will be our little secret."
He slid a plate across the countertop, which did indeed contain a sandwich and dill pickle. Malcolm left me there alone to enjoy my lunch. It really was a good sandwich.
I ended up in the living room pretending to turn the pages of a magazine, even though my mind continued to return to this bathtub ordeal. As much as I wanted to be mortified, I found it strangely arousing. Would he attempt to pursue my ill-intended offering? Obviously not. William would destroy him. Or would he?
"Must be interesting."
This time I looked before speaking. Dangling above my head were those beautiful locks that I love so much. He placed a light kiss on my brow and began kneading my shoulders with just the right amount of pressure.
"Have I told you lately how much I utterly adore you?"
Another kiss landed on the back of my neck, sending a shiver down my back.
"Don't you guys ever get enough of each other?"
Abbey headed straight for the kitchen with her load of grocery bags.
"If you people plan to eat any of this food, I suggest you lend a hand."
"Anything else I can assist you with?"
Chris set the remaining bags on the counter before she even had time to scowl. Instead, her face burned with a mix of shyness and a little bit of leftover anger. He removed the rest of her tension just as valiantly.
"I was gonna take a walk later. Wanna tag along?"
That was his best attempt at smooth talking. It didn't really matter what words he chose. That boyish grin had her quickly beaming again. He gave William a hidden high-five on his way by. Maybe my man does know how to give advice. I don't know why I ever questioned his skills. He'd done all right by me so far.
Chapter 20

The scorching heat had finally waned and fall was settling on the south. After only a few short weeks, William managed to turn a dilapidated roadside building into a business establishment stocked with anything you could possibly need in the outdoors during any season of the year. Not like one of those gigantic sporting goods chain stores. This friendly local store was geared to provide those things we tend to forget or run out of during an outing. Cullman County was noted for its hunting, fishing and camping with the absence of alcohol. Ya, right. Ever notice how a dry county tends to have more alcoholics than those licensed to sell? It's true. That being said, an abundance of Styrofoam coolers would always be in stock.
The pack was getting restless. I've noticed that the height of their excitement occurs during a run, hunt or dangerous encounter. In order to expend some of this pent up energy, William used the store's grand opening as a basis for celebration. A summer's end final outing at the lake was arranged. Even those pack members from our outlying regions would attend. I had met several of them when William first wanted me to meet his 'friends'.
Early that morning, William finally took me to see the outcome of his effort. The place looked great. The outside was painted white with a simple, hand-painted sign across the front. "Will's Place." It might have been a little self-indulgent but if it makes him happy, how could I argue. I was hesitant to enter, thinking that maybe he spent so much time on the outer shell that no one would notice any neglect inside. My mouth gaped when the door opened. This was not the same filthy room I had seen before.
Shelves were erected to form aisles down the center of the room. Everywhere I looked, there was some sort of item used out of doors. Thermal sleeping bags, fishing poles, folding stools, coffee mugs...I could go on and on. But, I have to be suspicious that he did this one on purpose, a bin each for live crickets and worms! Even the checkout counter had been remodeled with a Plexiglas top to reveal the sweet goodies found inside. Who could possibly go on a hunting excursion without a pocket full of gummy bears? Or a Hershey's almond bar?
"It's perfect, William. I'm so proud of you."
He was beaming with pride. His new baby is born.
"You never did give an answer. Will you accept employment in my fine establishment?"
How could I resist? It would be incredible to observe a gorgeous man in his element on a daily basis. Especially when that gorgeous man is mine to have my way with.
"Before I make my decision, there's just one more thing I have to see."
I proceeded to the rear of the store and peered through the last remaining door.
"I accept!"
It was a sparkling, new bathroom complete with a clean toilet bowl and rust-free sink. He even thought to put in a mirror for that last minute hair check. Impressive.
I was looking forward to a fun day with friends and getting to know more members of the pack. Now that I was aware of their true existence, they wouldn't have to hide who they are in front of me. It would be hard to know for sure if I am truly accepted because no one would dare voice disagreement with his or her Alpha. No one except Malcolm, that is.
Many had already arrived and were engaged in one activity or another. I caught myself scanning the faces for one in particular. When our eyes locked, I was sure William could detect guilt on my face. Do these guys never wear a shirt? Malcolm approached with only one intent, to recruit William on his team. A day of outdoor goings-on could not pass without a competitive game of football.
"Jenson! Thank goodness you're here. The girls are anxious to hear the story."
As always, I had no clue what she was talking about. She dragged me by the arm toward a group of girls perched on folding chairs at the makeshift sidelines.
"What story?"
Abbey did a quick rundown of names and explained.
"I told them about Cassie. C'mon, sit. And don't leave out anything."
Their eager faces said it all. It was obvious that the she-devil had no friends here. Being in the spotlight, I may have overdramatized a bit but it was worth it. Their reactions were worth the production.
"She's had it coming to her for a long time."
"I caught her once with Michael and chased her for twelve miles!"
"Lysa would easily gnaw her limbs off."
"I don't know why William can't see it. She's been after him for years."
"I'm surprised she doesn't have a litter of her own the way she tosses that..."
"Rachel!"
"Well, it's true. I'm just saying."
I enjoyed listening to the group berating her. I couldn't figure out why William hadn't fallen for her. She's gorgeous and obviously offering her hindquarters! Maybe she didn't smell right back there. He was the one who told me that scent is the attraction. Then again, he may have already got the goods but didn't keep the package. Had he been intimate with miss perfect and kept it hidden from them all? No. She's not his type. Is she? And all this time I thought Abbey was the one I had to worry about.
He was currently in a huddle giving instructions for the next play. Always the Alpha in charge. I was rummaging through a cooler in search of a diet soft drink. Apparently, wolves don't have to watch their waistline so I settled for a root beer.
"Decide to give your ears a rest?"
Malcolm was leaning against a parked tailgate holding a beer. I decided to play off my discomfort and took a seat beside him. At an acceptable distance.
"It's not so bad. I like them."
"Seems you are a hit. I wonder still about this joining of forces."
"Might as well suck it up. I'm here for the long haul."
He kept his eyes trained on my mouth while finishing off his beer. I licked my lips, suddenly feeling self-conscious.
"I do hope so."
He dropped the empty bottle into a trash bin and ran back to join the game. A few minutes later, hooting erupted from across the field indicating the winning score.
I saw Chris leading Abbey toward the water by the hand. They must have cleared up their previous spat. She flaunted her would-be boyfriend as they passed by the other girls. I noticed them turn and whisper once out of earshot. Gossip is gossip among all species.
A couple of guys I didn't recognize were manning the grill. My stomach let me know it was getting close to feeding time. Breakfast had long since digested. William was engaged in serious man talk so I decided to join a game of horseshoes out of boredom. I didn't know how entertaining it would be to toss a piece of iron at a metal pole and then measure the distance. Strangely enough, I quite enjoyed it. Once I got the stance and swing down I did pretty good.
The food was amazing as always. We must have looked like teenagers feeding each other and giggling. By the time all of our bellies were full, the sun was making its way west. Soon it would be evening and the daylight would fade. I heard talk of a midnight run earlier.
"Would you like to join us this time?"
His smile was so absorbing that I almost accepted.
"I think I'll sit this one out."
I put my arms around his neck and leaned in to embrace. Standing behind him across the way was Malcolm. He appeared to be holding conversation but kept his eyes on me. I pulled William closer and held on tight.
The night engulfed the skies and everyone calmed around a small campfire. I snuggled into William's arms and listened to the pack tell stories. Most consisted of historic struggles and conflict that their ancestors had experienced. Now and then, someone would break the nuance and recall a tale of childhood that brought laughter all around. It was comforting to be included in their storytelling. Maybe one day I would have one of my own to share.
William took my face into his hands and passionately kissed me. Would there ever come a day when I wouldn't melt from his touch? I hoped not.
"I love you, Jenson Bennett."
Butter.
A few hours later, Chris and I were left on our own. I sensed his longing to be a part of their excursion but it simply wasn't physically possible.
"I could probably hang for a little while but I twisted my ankle earlier playing football."
I rubbed his back in friendly comfort even though I knew it was a farce.
"Wanna take a walk with me?"
I was somewhat relieved when he declined. I could use some time alone with my thoughts. It had only been a short time since William and I met but I knew that he filled my heart completely. He was everything a girl could want and more. Much more. Right down to his furry pelt and claws. There's no way to explain why that doesn't bother me. It just doesn't. Maybe that's what unconditional love is all about. Something was puzzling though. If I was so confident of my love for him, what was this interest in Malcolm all about?
I had chosen a path that wound its way amongst the park. It would eventually end up at a boat launch but I instead took a trail leading into the trees. The stars shined in excess on this night, emitting a faint glow throughout the woods. Foliage was not very thick in this particular area so I had no trouble stumbling. I used to make out with boys here when I was younger, mainly kissing. We didn't know much more than that yet.
I don't know for how long I'd been walking when I became aware there was no longer a trail. I turned in every direction but could not orient myself. I didn't start to worry until thoughts of my dream reminded me that I was completely alone. All sounds seemed to magnify around me. Cloud cover advanced, blocking illumination from above. If I had a basket and cape, I might just feel like Little Red Riding Hood. But then again, the big bad wolf eats her and I happen to be a personal friend of the wolves. 
Great, just great. Why do these things happen to me? If Chris would've simply agreed to come with me...a twig snapped somewhere off to the left. My head swiveled and I pivoted instantly toward the sound. Now, in the movies, I would walk toward it to see exactly what was out there. But this is me and you know my history with critters. I abruptly moved in the opposite direction without hesitation. Where is that stupid trail?
Spending the night in the woods was not an option. I had a perfectly good bed at home where I intended to lay my head, just as soon as I found my way out of here. I continued to follow my instincts and keep moving. I was just about to get really annoyed when I heard it again. I stopped in place, holding my breath. The only thing I could hear was the pulse inside my ear. I moved one foot forward and there it was again. This time, I would face my foe. Standing amid the shadows of the trees, I saw him, eyes glowing in the moonlight. I could only whisper.
"Darius."
The beast in my dream had come to life. Terror ripped through every inch of my body. I couldn't face him alone. There was only one thing left for me to do. Run! There was nothing graceful about it. My arms flailed and I stumbled into one tree and then another. Unlike while you're sleeping, I found my voice quickly and screamed at the top of my lungs.
"Help! Somebody please! Help me!"
The limbs and brush tore at my skin. Each time I looked back, he was there. All I could see was a devilish grin and those piercing eyes. He should have caught up to me by now. What was he waiting for? This was a cat and mouse game for him. I was tired, angry and sick of this wereleopard! I landed at a tree and stopped. I gradually turned and slid to the ground.
"You want me, Darius? Here I am."
Maybe he would kill me fast and save me the suffering. Whatever the outcome, I refused to cower. I looked him straight in the eye, chest heaving from anxiety. He neared slowly, step after step, closing in the distance between us. He was no more than twenty yards away when he stopped.
"I always get what I want."
I braced myself for the onslaught. His face contorted and his skin began to ripple. Before he had time to shift, a body flew at him bringing a warrior cry. The tackle took Darius to the ground unexpectedly, followed by several hard-landing fists.
"Run, Jen!"
Chris had come to my rescue. I made it to my feet when I saw Darius fight back. He easily overpowered Chris and tossed him aside. He landed with a grunt but that wasn't enough to hold him down. Chris willed himself up again, prepared for round two.
"You're gonna have to do better than that, asshole."
He dove at Darius once again. I heard the leopard growl emerging from within. Chris continued to throw punches. I had to do something. I couldn't stand by and let my friend die because of me. I frantically searched the ground for a branch, a rock, or anything to use as a weapon. My search ended when the best weapon appeared before me. A large, black wolf with glowing amber eyes. Then another crept out from the darkness. And another. The entire pack must have been there!
A roaring howl resounded and the duel paused. Chris stood, panting, Darius stood frozen in surprise. The wolves closed in around them. Silence filled the trees. The wind no longer stirred. Once Chris saw what was going on, he moved in my direction and put an arm around my shoulders.
"It's over, Jen. C'mon."
For once, I let him tell me what to do without argument. As soon as we reached the campground, I collapsed. My emotions finally released and the tears fell. He, of course, was immediately there to provide reassurance. And I welcomed it. I couldn't imagine what was going on in those woods. I was certain no harm would come to any wolf, just as certain as I was that Darius had taken his last breath. The tears dried and I finally took a good look at Chris.
His clothes were torn and dirty and he had several scratches and cuts. Blood had dried on his cheek from an already healing nick. I retrieved a bottled water and paper towel in effort to clean him up a bit.
"I can't believe you did that. He could've killed you."
"Ya, but he didn't. Hey, I got a few good licks in on him."
"Yes, you did." I smiled. "My hero."
I kissed his cheek and we embraced. Not like before. We were different together now. I no longer felt that tingle in my special place when in his arms. His little friend didn't grow when I held him. We didn't instantly fall over into sweaty sex when we were alone. It would be safe to say that our friendship had matured. I'm not quite sure when it happened but it did. I kind of like it this way.
He was stoking the leftover coals from the campfire when they returned. The bulrush from Abbey knocked him over. They landed together, her laughing and he confused.
"You were wonderful! So strong and brave! Jenson, did you see him?"
I couldn't help but to laugh.
"I saw him, Abbey. He's wonderful."
William's arms wrapped around me. He held on tight, face buried in my hair. I returned the emotion. We didn't even have to speak to know what the other was feeling. While nestled in his warmth, I asked, "Did you kill him?"
He responded by parting from me just a bit and looked toward Malcolm. He was standing away from us with hands in pockets. His face was hard and I couldn't determine what he was thinking.
"Darius is no longer a threat."
He turned and departed into the darkness. Malcolm had been the one to kill the leopard once and for all. Whatever the motive, it didn't even matter. All I felt was complete relief.
"Shall we?"
William held a hand out to me and together we walked to his truck. I snuggled next to him during the ride home, inhaling his scent and beauty. This is what it would feel like from now on. We were finally free to enjoy one another. I know there are other wereanimals out there and I know that there may be danger in the future, but for now, it would be my priority to take pleasure in every moment I had to spend with this man.
I woke the next morning with an ear pressed to William's chest, listening to his heartbeat. He was so warm! I was so comfortable that I didn't want to move. Had it not been for the nagging urge to pee, I wouldn't have. We must have fallen asleep on the floor of the main living room. When I tried to rise, something was heavy on my legs and I couldn't get free. I looked down to find Jonas sprawled across my legs, face buried in my buttocks.
"Jonas!" I whispered loudly.
He raised his head sleepily.
"What?"
I gestured toward my legs; he looked down and realized what I meant.
"Oh, sorry."
Our noisemaking caused others to stir from the disturbance. Lying all around us, snuggling atop one another, were the rest of the in-house pack. They must have joined us sometime during the night. Some yawned, others rubbed their eyes but no one bothered to move. I figured out this was their comfort zone. Just like a litter of newborn puppies!
The smell of coffee got my attention when leaving the bathroom. I turned the corner, eager to fetch a mug. No need in reaching into the cabinet for one. Malcolm stood holding a newly poured cup out to me.
"Guess you are officially the wolf mom."
"Is that really how they view us? As parent figures?"
"Only the young ones. Trust me, I do not view you in that nature whatsoever."
Sometimes I didn't know how to take Malcolm. Was he being a jerk as always, or was there some underlying meaning to his words? I watched him over the brim of my cup. I didn't care what his intentions were. This stuff was good! When Abbey passed she let everyone know.
"If you folks expect breakfast you better plan on making it yourselves. I'm off duty."
I don't know how she was nominated to main chef anyway. I'm sure it was because she is a female. Even in the animal world, they expect us to wear an apron.
"Cereal is fine with me."
Chris strode in rubbing the crust from his eyes. He looked worse for wear in the daylight. Wearing no shirt, I could see he was battered with bruises and cuts. A part of me wanted to feel sorry for him but I knew it was unnecessary. For him, they were simply battle scars and he was proud of them. Malcolm patted his shoulder.
"Good job last night, rookie."
"Thanks. Any Cheerios?"
Same old Chris. Nothing will ever happen to take his mind off food. I was feeling nice so I sliced some banana to add to the bowl. Then I kissed him on the cheek before departing. Just another thank you for what he did last night. William was still sprawled on his back enjoying the rest. I wondered if this was normal. You know, everyone sleeping together. It was kind of...creepy. I sat on the couch and continued to observe.
"This does not happen often. It is sort of a bonding after something like last night."
William felt a need to explain. I suppose my face showed some sign of difficulty. It would take time to get used to their nature. I didn't so much mind this time but I hoped they didn't think it was okay to invade our bedroom.
The warm water stung as it showered down on my body. My muscles ached from the night's adventure. I was definitely going to have to get into shape. I made a mental note to check out a local gym membership. I cleaned the dirt and scrapes with soap and closed my eyes to let the pulsating head do its thing. They call it a 'massaging head' but it didn't feel anything like a massage to me. More like tiny pellets made of water being thrown at my skin with inhuman force. Once I felt refreshed and clean again, I turned off the faucet and squeezed out my hair. Just as I pulled back the plastic curtain, the bathroom door opened. I yelped and snatched a towel from the rack, placing it strategically in front of my naked body.
"It's just me, Jen."
William strode in looking delicious.
"Sorry. I thought it was someone else."
"Who else would be coming in here?"
I bit my tongue before answering that one. No need in creating an unnecessary issue.
"Right. Just jumpy from last night I guess."
We switched places and I finished up with my usual routine. As much as I would have liked to join him, I simply didn't have the energy to get through it. That probably sounds awful but you have no idea what it takes to make it through an intimate session with a werewolf. I was secretly hoping it would get easier with time, once he figured out how to control his inner wolf completely. Either way, I hurried out before he finished.
I was already in my office when William came up. I had plenty to do to prepare for the store's opening. I have this problem with my attention span when it comes to work. I find myself surfing the web and reading about things that have absolutely nothing to do with anything. At least I haven't been sucked into the Facebook or Twitter stuff. I figure that'll come soon enough.
"I have errands to run in town. Is there anything you need me to pick up?"
Is this how a relationship is supposed to work? I'd never had anyone think of me before. The guys in my past were of the selfish sort.
"I think I'm good."
He turned to depart when I added.
"Thanks for asking though."
I wasn't sure if that was enough to express my gratitude so I hoisted myself from the leather chair and slid into his arms. A great big, mushy kiss should do the trick. The kiss turned into more than just that. His hands began to wander over my clothing, caressing my body lovingly. He abruptly stopped and cleared his throat.
"I think I should go before this gets out of hand."
Another kiss to my forehead and he added one more thing.
"Oh ya, there should be a delivery today. Will you be here to accept it?"
"Sure. I don't have any plans."
My only plan was to finish at least one of the books I had started. I missed those relaxing days of doing nothing but filling my head with fiction. Whoever these people are with the uncanny creative ability to put words on paper and take my complete focus, my hat is off to them. A glass of iced tea was in order to complete my mood.
There seemed to be no one around the house when I got to the kitchen. I peeked outside, no one. Hmm. Guess they were all tired from last night and went to their rooms. The sound of the doorbell made me jump. I have got to get a handle on my nerves. I answered with the intention of taking inventory, thinking it was a few last minute items for the store. Instead, I was greeted by a smiling, overweight gentleman dressed in brown.
"Got a delivery for Miss Jenson Bennett. You her?"
I signed the invoice and waited anxiously. It took three men to bring the huge box inside.
"Got special instructions to put it in an office somewhere."
I led the way upstairs. I couldn't imagine what William had bought me now. He had already done so much for me. I would have to speak with him about spending money like this. But, when the box was cut open, I melted. It was the antique desk that I fell in love with in North Dakota. Lysa must have told him. They were also instructed to take the other one and ensure that everything was set up to my liking. They did good.
I ran my hands along the wood exterior, admiring the intricate detail. It must have taken hours, even weeks, to complete such a beautiful piece of work. So, maybe just this once, I wouldn't complain about the money spent. I sat on the chaise lounge for who knows how long, staring at my gift. How did I ever merit this man?
It was getting close to evening time and William wasn't back yet. I knew better than to worry. When I heard his truck pull in the drive, I ran down the stairs to greet him. He was already wearing a cheese-eating grin. He knew I would love the desk.
"I have just one more surprise for you. We will have to walk down to the water's edge for this one."
I couldn't believe my eyes. All of the trees were decorated with tiny, white lights. Someone had been working hard while I was lounging. There was a table set up, complete with a white tablecloth and crystal goblets. Champagne was chilling on ice. I was taken aback.
"What is all of this?"
He didn't speak. He simply took my hand and led me toward the water. For a minute, I thought we were giong in but then he stopped. When I turned to see what he was doing, he had knelt on one knee, still holding my hand.
"Jenson Bennett, you have made everything about my life better. I am completely and wholly in love with you. It would be my pleasure to spend the rest of our days together. Will you marry me?"
Tears of happiness trailed my cheeks as I nodded.
"Yes."
Applause and cheers erupted from the trees. The pack emerged, along with Chris, applauding our engagement. Only one thing left to make this moment complete. He placed a ring on my finger. Butter. I dove into his arms and he twirled me around. Just like you see on TV, no lie. We all toasted with a glass of champagne. As things were winding down, I knew what would come next. William had that glow in his eyes.
I saw Chris standing alone, off to the side. When I approached, he hugged me close.
"Things are changing."
I knew what he meant. We embraced once again before he walked away. He turned back for one last look. His eyes glowed amber in the moonlight.
Now available: Moonlight Revenge, book 2 of the Moonlight Series by Russ Kaylin




