






Mr. Right I Presume?



S.J. Welsted
Author’s Note

This book is a work of fiction.  Names, characters and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
The scanning, uploading and distribution of this book via the internet or any other means without the permission of the publisher is illegal and punishable by law.  Please purchase only authorised electronic editions, and do not participate in or encourage electronic piracy of copyrighted materials.  Your support of the author’s rights is appreciated.
SJ Welsted asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

Copyright © S J Welsted 2014
For Ali
Table of Contents
~ Chapter 1 – Where it all began ~                                                                                                 
~ Chapter 2 – The Cottage ~                                                                                                         
~ Chapter 3 – Working together as ‘friends’ ~                                                                             
~ Chapter 4 – The Conference ~                                                                                                   
~ Chapter 5 – The Day of the Conference ~                                                                                  
~ Chapter 6 – Back To Reality ~                                                                                                    
~ Chapter 7 – The All Nighter ~                                                                                                    
~ Chapter 8 – Back on The Farm ~                                                                                                
~ Chapter 9 – Splitting the Two Jobs ~                                                                                          
~ Chapter 10 – The Straw Cart ~                                                                                                    
~ Chapter 11 – Choices to be Made ~                                                                                             
~ Chapter 12 – A New Idea ~                                                                                                       
~ Chapter 13 – A Date Between Friends ~                                                                                   
~ Chapter 14 – A Decision Has To Be Made ~                                                                            
~ Chapter 15 – Another Friendship Date ~                                                                                   
~ Chapter 16 – Rain Calls Off Work On The Farm ~                                                                   
~ Chapter 17 – Approval Of The Plan ~                                                                                       
~ Chapter 18 – A Surprise Visitor ~                                                                                              
~ Chapter 19 – An End To A New Beginning ~                                                                           
~ Chapter 1 – Where it all began ~
As Debbie stood by the photocopier, she kept thinking do you find me attractive?  In her head it sounded so simple, yet the more she repeated it, the more stupid and desperate it sounded.  As she looked over to his desk, she wondered how he felt.  How on earth was she to find out such a thing without being really obvious or asking someone else?  If it came to that then they might as well go back to school and play kiss chase!  The last thing she wanted to do was to make either of them feel uncomfortable, for one thing he was pretty much her supervisor, but also she’d recently found a safe haven with him from all the chaos and annoyances that came with taking on more responsibilities then just being a bog standard administrator.
‘How are the copies going?’  James asked as he walked past the copier on his way to the kitchen. ‘Need a coffee yet?’  
How long had she been daydreaming, the copier had actually finished printing.  ‘You made me jump!’  She exclaimed, bringing her hand to her chest and turning her head to smile at him. 
‘Terribly sorry, if I knew you were going to be that deep in thought over the copier I would have made more noise.’  James chuckled and gave his usual cheeky grin.  
Trying to hide the fact the machine had finished she said, ‘They just need collating now.  A coffee would be great thanks.  You remember how I like it?’
 ‘Of course I know how you like it!’ and he winked as he walked off through the open door and down to the kitchen.
Debbie fought off visions of following him down to the kitchen and kissing him as she picked up the stack of papers and headed back to her desk.  It was to be a short stop before heading over to the empty table by the window, but then she decided that it was now or never and besides she needed to go get her coffee.
Without a glance to anyone else in the office, she turned and walked out and down to the kitchen.  As she came in, the steam was pouring out of the kettle as the button clicked back to its original position. 
‘Hey!’ Debbie said as he poured out the hot water into two mugs.
‘I was going to bring this down to your desk.’
‘Thanks, but I thought I could do with stretching my legs, I had zoned out for a bit at the copier just now.’
James chuckled, ‘that’s why I decided to offer you a drink as you seemed to stand there staring at the machine.  So did it collate ok?’
Reddening slightly as she always did when she found that he had been watching her while she worked, she said ‘Hum… No, which means it’s going to take me a while to sort now.  Oh well, good job Fiona hasn’t come back to me about that client visit she said about doing.’
‘Oh is that what you were thinking about?’ He winked as he stirred in milk.  ‘Thought it would be much more exciting.’  
Her hand extended forward quickly as she said, ‘Oh James, don’t forget I can’t have milk!’
‘Sorry was a mile away!’  He’d already begun to pour as realisation kicked in.
‘Somewhere good I hope?’  Now it was her turn to give a cheeky grin.
‘Always!’ They stared at each other for a few seconds before both broke contact, ‘I’ll make you another.  Why don’t you go start collating and I’ll bring it down to you?’
‘OK, ta.’  She had just got to the door when she suddenly stopped and turned back to face him, ‘Can I ask you something?’ 
As he poured his first attempt at making a coffee down the sink, he responded, ‘Of course, but is it wise for you to be thinking so early after staring aimlessly at a machine?’
‘Ha ha!’  If you only knew what I was thinking you’d most probably stop me.  She once again fought off visions of kissing him and moved back in, closing the door to the kitchen.  
‘Take it that it’s personal?’  He said and after refilling the kettle to the first line, as she told him to do, he turned to face her giving her his full attention. ‘It’s not a ‘woman’ problem is it?’  His face mirrored his concern that, even as a first aid officer, he really didn’t want to deal with womanly type issues.
‘No, I just don’t want anyone else hearing what I want to talk about.’  She could feel her stomach doing somersaults and she could hardly believe what she was about to say.  ‘I just want to clear something up.’
‘OK?’ His voice and facial expression became very serious and quite off putting, she preferred his more jovial side, but at least she knew he was listening.
‘Our banter, is it just banter?’ Oh god she’d said the wrong thing, why didn’t she say the bloody sentence she’s been practising for the past week in her head!  ‘Even the more risky stuff?’
‘Yeah,’ James said very slowly and then quickly added, ‘why?  I haven’t offended you have I?’
Debbie winced and looked at the floor and then back at him.  ‘No! No course not, it’s quite a good laugh, I just…’ a small cough escaped her throat, then with a draw of breath thinking of how dry her throat had suddenly become.  She went on, ‘I just want to be clear that there’s nothing meant by it, as I would hate for either of us to get into trouble because of miscommunication or by someone else thinking it is otherwise.’  For some reason she turned slightly as if preparing to make a run for it.  ‘We just get on so well and…’
James interrupted, looking very uncomfortable.  ‘Don’t be silly, look…’ 
Before he could continue she turned her back and started towards the door, saying over her shoulder, ‘Forget I ever said anything.’  She didn’t want to ask him out or make him think she was a complete loon, but she feared she had done both.  
‘Wait a minute.’  He quickly closed the gap, reached out and touched the side of her left arm.  She stopped and turned her body.  ‘You’re right we shouldn’t speak that way really.  I have gotten myself into trouble with such behaviour before and really I should learn.  We do get on and it’s refreshing to have someone I can banter with.  If you would rather we didn’t I completely understand?’
‘Now your being silly!’ She gently batted the side of his arm, ‘It is fun and sometimes makes the day seem much more bearable.’  She relaxed slightly and came back towards the kitchen unit.  ‘Sorry, I didn’t mean to make it sound like I didn’t want to have a joke with you.  What I really wanted to know was if you were also attracted to me as well as just having a laugh.’  She smiled and resisted the temptation to reach out and stroke the side of his arm again.
James smiled back and once again their eyes locked together, but then, as the kettle came to boil and clicked off, his eyes diverted and the smile went.  ‘You’d better go start collating.’  Debbie got the impression that something else was needed to be said, but he had opted for using the making of her coffee as an excuse to get her to leave.  Slightly confused she turned and headed back to the office, stopping at the kitchen door to look back.  When he didn’t look up she shrugged and continued back to the office.
What the hell was that about?  She pondered as she started to break the enormous copied pile into its individual sections.  I guess there is something I don’t know?
When James came back in he popped her cup on her wolf coaster, gave a forced smile and walked over to his desk.  The office was not overly large like a call centre, but it was open plan.  The manager, Fiona, had a desk situated next to the window, with her back facing the wall.  She claimed it was so that she could look out the window if she wanted to, but they all knew it was so she could keep an eye on their work.  James’s desk was situated at a right angle to Fiona’s and Debbie’s was roughly six feet directly behind his.  In the office there were two others, Marcus and Katie.  Both Marcus and Katie’s desks faced into the room, opposite James and Debbie’s desks.  The whole layout was basically so that even though each could see one another no one could really get away with having a prolonged chat.  
Debbie had just about finished putting each bundle of papers into their individual sections when her telephone rang.  The tone itself suggested an internal call so she picked it up without thinking to look around.  
‘Need a hand?’  Debbie sighed to herself and looked across the room to Marcus and smiled.  ‘You could help me bring the piles over to the spare desk by the window?’  
Debbie liked Marcus; he was a pleasant guy and had helped her to learn the whole routine, as he had once been the admin.  He had taken a course in IT and was now the sole support for the small packaging company.  She’d been working at the centre for over a year now, but she still needed his guidance and help from time to time.  Still looking at each other Marcus asked, ‘How many piles do you have?’
‘Ten.’  She smiled to Marcus and he gave his usual thumbs up. 
Once they started carrying the piles over to the desk it did not take long to organise them into the order that they needed to be correlated into.  
‘How come so many piles?’  Marcus enquired as they moved the last few piles to the desk.
‘Remember Fiona saying about a big client we were taking on?’
‘Yeah?’
‘Well this is their welcome pack and all that we have to offer.’  Debbie gave the typical grin of corporate know how.
‘Oh I see, well it’s about time for lunch, you eating in the canteen today?’
‘Most probably.  I’ll see you in there in a sec.’
‘Ok grand.’  Marcus went to his desk to pick up his jacket and wallet before heading out with Katie. Katie was still quite new and Debbie had been training her on bits and pieces and consequently Katie had been like a sheep to Debbie.  However, she had recently started to learn the day-to-day routine and was quite happy to get on with the bits she knew while Debbie worked on the other things. 
She had just put got a stack of envelopes out from under the table and herself set up for mailing after lunch, when James came over and stood within a few inches of her.
‘Oh hi!’  Debbie said as she quickly looked up at him.  She wasn’t quite sure what to do or why he had come over to her.  He had come to collect her for lunch before, stating that he knew that she would get engrossed and fail to remember to eat.  Perhaps this would be no different.
She smiled, but her smile quickly disappeared as she realised that James had a very serious face.
‘Debbie, about earlier…’ he looked anywhere but at Debbie as he spoke.
‘Hey don’t worry about it.  I’m fine with the banter honest.’
His hand came up to almost head height in an unusual authoritative manner, indicating that he didn’t want her to speak. ‘Yes I am attracted to you’.  Debbie was slightly taken aback by this, even though they were in a deserted office, it was unlike James to be quite so forward, but she kept quiet and allowed him to carry on.  ‘The thing is I shouldn’t be.  I’m 10 years older than you Debs and I am your supervisor and I know I’ve never said, but I am actually married.  We really shouldn’t have the banter in the first place.’
Debbie slowly answered, ‘OK, it’s only seven by the way.’  Feeling completely uncomfortable and unsure of what to say she looked to the floor and then decided to move back slightly to widen the gap between them.  After he hadn’t said anything for a few seconds she looked up and said, ‘That’s why I needed to make it clear.  I don’t want a relationship with you, well not sexual anyway.  I know I’m single and relatively attractive, but I don’t go out with people I work with.  Makes life far too complicated.’  She waved her hands from side to side as she spoke, as she remembered how things had gone in Africa, adding to the aversion of a working relationship.  ‘I’m one of these crazy career girls that will most probably end up a spinster with hundreds of cats and dogs instead of a family.’  James chuckled and Debbie relaxed a bit, ‘I wouldn’t mind having an ally though?’  As no response came she said ‘Shall we go to the canteen then, the others have already gone down.’  
James shook his head, ‘I’m gonna have lunch out today.  I’ll be back in later this afternoon, Fiona knows about it.’ 
For the first time since the kitchen they looked at each other and smiled before Debbie walked past to her desk.  As she took her lunch box from the top draw she turned to James, who had also gone to his desk to collect his car keys, and said, ‘I won’t mention it again, promise.’  Before he could say anything back she walked from the office making a right turn and followed the hallway down to the communal canteen which was next to the kitchen.
The afternoon went relatively quickly and gradually the piles of paper disappeared and the stack of envelopes ready for posting grew.  At home time, as the computers and lights were turned off, the usual chit chat occurred each of them in high spirits for another day finished.  Debbie reminded Katie that she would be attending the meeting with Fiona in the morning so Katie would need to pick up the post from the front desk as she came in.  Katie nodded and Debbie got into her car happy.
The drive home seemed longer than usual, allowing Debbie to go over the last bit of James’ conversation.  Marcus chatted for most of the way and she tried to ignore her own brain so as not to arise suspicion.  Once it was just her alone in the car she began to wander if he was trying to say that he wanted something more, but because of his wife he wouldn’t want to, or maybe he also had kids that he had never mentioned before.  Her mind wondered, she hoped that she would never be in such a situation where she felt she needed to stay because of the children.  ‘Why anyone would do that? Or put themselves and their children through it?’  It annoyed her that the car never responded to her questions or comments but she tried all the same.  Eventually she finished her musings with, ‘He must really love her and the kids.’  
As she pulled into the driveway of her parents’ house, her mum came to greet her at the car.  She had just switched off the engine when her mum opened the door, ‘Good day at work?’
‘Yeah, not too bad, glad it’s the weekend tomorrow.  Can I get out?’
Stepping back her mum said, ‘Sorry, of course.  I’ve got some good news.’  Debbie didn’t think her mum could smile much more or keep it contained anymore, so decided not to antagonise and smiled. ‘You remember Philip who works with Dad?’  It was one of those questions where the person asking assumes the other remembers every person they have ever been introduced to.
‘Give us a clue?’  She asked as they started to walk back towards the front door.
‘Came over for dinner the other week’
‘Bit more?’  Debbie made forward circles with her left hand.
‘Oh Debbie, you make it sound like we are always having dinner parties.’  Debbie raised an eyebrow and they both smiled at each other, as her mum gave her a quick squeeze round the shoulders. ‘He came with his wife Emily, his brother owns a farm’
Looking down and then back to her mum before she stepped through the doorway into the house ‘Ah Phil, brother Trevor that rears rare breed animals, Phil’s got a bit of a gammy leg?’
‘Other way around and Phil is his son, but yes.’   Her mum rolled her eyes as she pushed the front door closed adding, ‘Trust you to remember the leg!’  Debbie shrugged as her mum followed her into the kitchen.
‘Fancy a cuppa, the office was so stuffy today and I didn’t get a chance to grab a drink since lunch.’
Her mum nodded, ‘OK, we’ve got a little while.’
‘Why, what’s happening?’  Debbie asked as she lifted the kettle.
The tap made so much noise while she filled the kettle her mum waited until Debbie had finished. ‘Well, Trevor’s son, Phil, uncovered a cottage in the thicket leading up to the farm while he was back on holiday from Canada and has done it up.’
‘How nice for him!’  It had been a long day and James was still at the forefront of her mind, but as she looked at her mum and the penny dropped, ‘Oh, I see.  What you think I’ll be able to afford to rent it?  On my wage?’
‘Well, with a bit of help from us and he said that we might be able to come to an agreement if you wanted to help out on the farm.’  Her voice was getting faster in line with her excitement, ‘Of course it would also depend on whether you wanted it or not.  It’s a bit further to go but it would give you a chance to get back working with animals again.  Plus Alison said that Phil might be coming home again.’
Debbie rolled her eyes and ignoring the last comment asked, ‘When can we go chat to him about it?’
‘Glad you asked, I’ve said we’ll join them for dinner tonight.  Dad is on his way home early, for a change, and when he arrives we’ll go.’  Her mum nearly burst with excitement as she said it and Debbie couldn’t help but laugh.
Chuckling she said, ‘Anyone would have thought you wanted to get rid of me.’    The kettle went click behind her, ‘Tea or coffee?’
‘Tea please.  So what do you think?’
‘Yeah why not, got nothing planned for tonight.’
‘Didn’t think you had?’ Once the drinks were made they made their way through the dining room into the conservatory at the rear of the house.  The sun itself was disappearing from the sky, but as the door opened she could feel the heat that had built up during the spring day.  For that very reason the conservatory was one of Debbie’s favourite rooms and it was always bright in there.  Spring was starting and the weather was getting warmer and soon it would be Debbie’s favourite season, when she finally could wear less clothing and still feel warm.  A remembrance of a place that still had a firm hold over her heart.
They sat down on the old, yet incredibly comfortable cane furniture, Debbie said, ‘I asked James if he liked me during this morning’s coffee break.’  As Debbie had got older her and her mum had become more like sisters and she often confided in her with love life situations.  Her mum was always open and gave her an honest opinion often wanting more details then Debbie was willing to give.
‘Wow, what did he say?’
‘Not a lot except that he didn’t think it was appropriate considering he was married and my supervisor.’  Debbie spoke as if she had simply mentioned a simple fact and blew across the top of the cup to cool the hot tea.  
‘Married!  I thought you said he was single?’  Debbie’s mum stared at her over her cup.
‘I guessed that he was?  When he moved into his house he must have meant that he moved back in with her.  Never mind, least I now know.  Just hope he doesn’t go all weird on me.’
‘I shouldn’t have thought so and if he does just tell him to grow up.  You’re not about to break up a marriage are you?’  Her mum might be more of a best friend, but she still was her mum at the end of the day.
‘No, I don’t even want a relationship, which is what I told him.  I said that I just wanted to know so that I knew where I stood.  As I left he seemed sorry for acting as if I had proposed or something.  I think he just didn’t expect me to say it.’
The time slipped by as they chatted about the non-consequential things in life.  Once their mouths had acclimatised to the temperature of the tea they were able to drink quite comfortably in silence, taking in the warmth of the sun as the last remaining rays shone through the tinted roof panels.  Debbie drifted off into her own thoughts while she sipped her tea.  Even though she had been living back at home for nearly a year it still felt slightly odd.  She had been away from home for nearly five years, but when she returned from her adventures at university and travelling through Africa she had no way of affording a house or even a flat on her own.  She hoped that she would be able to afford this cottage mainly because her folks were due to retire in the next couple of years and she didn’t think she could really afford anywhere in the city.  She didn’t really want to be a lodger in someone else’s house or live in a rough estate.  Rare breeds as well she thought.  That would be almost her dream place, except of course that it’s someone else’s dream, but at least she might be able to partake in it.
They had just about finished their drinks when the front door opened, ‘Hello?’ Debbie’s Dad sang from the front door.  
‘Hi.  We’re in the conservatory.’  Debbie’s mum called back before draining the last of her tea.  As he dad walked in and they said their hello’s Debbie’s mum said, ‘Just finished our teas so we’ll head over to the farm now.’
‘What about my tea?’  Debbie’s dad looked almost mortified to be left out.
‘I’m sure Alison will make you a cup when we get there.  If you had got home a bit earlier, as you had said you would,’ she looked over the top of her glasses as she spoke, ‘then you would have had a cup with us.’
Debbie’s dad simply smiled and stuck out his tongue.  ‘I had meant to leave the office earlier, but then as if they knew, the phone rang and it was Trevor so I had to answer.’
‘Of course!’  Debbie’s mum chuckled.
~ Chapter 2 – The Cottage ~
Debbie switched off during the drive over to the farm.  The farm was near to where her grandmother used to live.  It was such a familiar route that Debbie had trouble keeping focused.  Luckily her dad drove, otherwise she would have gone onto auto pilot and ended up at the old bungalow instead.  The farm was just outside the village and until her dad slowed, Debbie was unsure of where the turning was.  Debbie hadn’t even noticed the sign saying TrevorDaw Farm.  It reminded her of the entrance to the game park she worked on in Africa.  She already liked it and she perked up a bit.
The road seemed to go on forever, but after a few minutes the main barns came into view and then the main farm house.   As the trees to the right parted, set back from the main house and barns was the cottage.  It was a quaint place.  In fact it was a stereotypical white country cottage that you would expect to find lots of hanging baskets outside of.  However, it did have a flowering vine growing up the front and Debbie’s heart was taken almost immediately.  She began to think that she would simply have to find a way to afford to stay here and just hoped she got along with Trevor and his wife, Alison.
While she was staring at the cottage, her dad had parked up the car and both parents had got out and were walking towards the house to meet Alison.  
‘Debbie you going to get out of the car?’  Debbie’s mum’s voice cut through her daydream and she hurriedly took off her seat belt and emerged from the car feeling slightly flushed, as if she had been caught doing something wrong. ‘Debbie this is Alison, Trevor’s wife.’  Debbie’ mum pointed with open hands at the woman standing just in front of the main house, wearing an apron that was covered with flour.
‘Nice to meet you.’ Debbie extended her hand and was happy to find that Alison had a proper firm hand shake.  ‘You have a lovely farm here.’  
‘Thank you and nice to finally meet you, I’ve heard quite a bit about your adventures from Emily.’
Debbie had to quickly think who Emily was and smiling nodded, she never thought of her mum as Emily.
‘Trevor’s off doing something in the tractor.  He should be finished by the time the dinner is cooked, but he had some problems with the calves, really needed a second hand.’  She gave a little wink and Debbie’s dad returned with another.  ‘I would like to say I know all that goes on here, but half the time I don’t understand so I just leave him to it.  Dinner should be ready in about half an hour so we should have enough time to have a look round the cottage beforehand.  If you’d like to follow me?’  Alison strode past the little family and headed for the cottage.
As they walked over towards the house, Debbie’s mum and dad started chatting to Alison about the yearly charity ball they were all going to at the end of October.  As they walked Debbie took another look at the house and barns.  The barns looked huge.  She could see two, but was sure she spotted another on the drive down.  The front of the cottage pretty much looked straight up the middle of the farm and the back overlooked the field where Trevor was currently driving the tractor towards the cottage.
‘We knew the cottage was here for ages.  Unfortunately the weeds and shrubs had grown up so much that we couldn’t really be bothered to cut it all back.  Then with the current climate we thought we would give a go at renting it out.  Debbie it was actually more of your Dad’s idea.’  The three of them all smiled at each other and back towards Debbie who was simply grinning through sheer excitement at the prospect of living on a farm.
Debbie was last through the door; it was just big enough for her to walk through without stooping.  These are the times that she enjoyed being only five foot five inches.  Straight in front of the front door was a flight of relatively small stairs with a brass metal railing, at about Debbie’s waist height.  To the left of the front door a curved archway lead into a cosy living room.  To the right was a closed door.  Alison said that it led through to the dining room, although they would go through the living room and get to the dining room via the kitchen.  In the living room there was a small two seat sofa and a single comfortable chair in a semi-circle around where a television stand would go.  In the centre of the outside wall was a large fireplace.
‘Oh that is a lovely fireplace!’ Debbie exclaimed as they walked into the living room.  She went straight up to it and ran her hand along the top wooden beam and, smiling, turned back to the other three, ‘I love it already!’
‘Debbie is a big fan of open fireplaces’ Emily said, smiling at her daughter’s happiness.
‘We’ll have someone in to clean it out, so you wouldn’t have to worry about that, but you would need to let us know if you get any problems with it.’  Alison said as she moved towards the far end of the room to another doorway.  As she passed she said, ‘If you want to put shelves underneath the stairs just let us know.’  Debbie looked towards the stairs and saw that it was quite a large space and if she got some cloth she might be able to make a funky storage area.
Traditional wooden beams ran throughout the house.  They had painted the interior walls the usual magnolia, however there was space to hang pictures and enough space in the living room to put a small table.  
‘Would I be able to hang pictures on the walls,’  Debbie asked as she followed the group into the kitchen. ‘I see that there are a few nails already positioned.’
Alison stopped and said, ‘Yes, but if you could check with us first on how many you are wanting to put up, then we can make sure the walls do not become a pin cushion.’
‘Of course.’  Debbie thought quickly how many she would want, but then again she was getting a bit ahead of herself, she still didn’t know how much they were going to want in rent.  Even if her parents were to help she didn’t want to rely on them too heavily, after all at the grand age of 23 this was her first real step to being an adult.
The doorway went into the kitchen.  The kitchen and utility room ran along the back of the cottage, unfortunately it wasn’t overly wide.  It looked as though you could most probably have two people stand back to back and have just about enough room not to bang into each other.  Then again it would only be her living here, for now anyway.  The kitchen itself was painted a mild yellow colour and all the cabinets were wooden, matching the colour of the beams that also ran across the ceiling in here.
‘The entire kitchen is new.’  Alison continued.  ‘We tried to keep to what it was before, but the plants had destroyed much of the work surfaces and cupboards so we decided to start from scratch.’  Pointing down to far end by the back door, ‘We’ve got an old fridge and washing machine down there, but feel free to buy your own and we’ll put them in Trevor’s office, well the fridge anyway.’  She chuckled to herself and Debbie and her mum simply smiled.  As per usual her father, Giles, was checking all the sockets and window frames and generally not paying attention to what Alison was saying.
‘Thanks, I’ll let you know once I know if I can afford to live here.’  She said as she looked out of the window into the field beyond.  A double sink sat below it with quite a large draining board.  Humm… no dishwasher.  Debbie pondered as she followed Alison towards the back door of the cottage.
A small piece of wall separated the back door from another archway that lead into the dining room. ‘Did you take out the doors or was there none in the first place?’  Emily enquired as they moved into the dining room.
Placing a hand to the right of the archway Alison said, ‘This is a new wall so we created the archway, but the one going into the lounge did have a door.  We felt that it was too small an area to keep the doors and now that we’ve put in double glazed windows you shouldn’t feel a draft.  We changed the door leading out of the dining room for sliding doors which run into the wall cavity of the stairs so that worked quite well.’  She said as they walked round the dining room table and four chairs.  It wasn’t a big table, then again Debbie wasn’t entirely sure when she would need to use it.  Again there was a fireplace on the main wall, it was much smaller than the one in the living room and yet it still held some charm.
‘Would all the furniture be included in the property as well?’  Debbie asked as she spied a tall, but thin bookcase in the corner of room next to yet another wide window.
‘Yes.  Unless of course you have some of your own things then we can always take out what you don’t need and use it elsewhere.  A farmer never likes to throw anything away.’  Her voice was slightly sarcastic and hinted to the fact that she was not the hoarder in the relationship.
The steps leading upstairs were as narrow as Debbie had first thought and even with the handrail, they each had to lean slightly forward as they climbed.  The landing was quite narrow, only enough room for one person to stand comfortably, so Alison kept everyone moving to the left into the main bedroom.  As they entered Debbie saw there was more than enough room for a double bed.  Once again the window stretched for almost the length of the far wall.
‘I’m afraid this is where our furnishing lapsed a bit.’  She said with slight dejection in her voice.
‘Oh it’s lovely really.’ Debbie said turning towards Alison before moving into the main room to look around a bit more. 
‘You can take your own bed from home if you like?’  It was the first words her father had said since coming into the house.  Debbie smiled in return and walked over to the first of two double wardrobes to the left of the door.  As she opened both sides, the unit gave a squeak.  It was proper wood so she didn’t mind so much.  Inside on the left were shelves and the right hanging room for long items.  With a slight nod of the head and a smile, she closed the doors and said, ‘Shall we look at the bathroom?’
‘Certainly!’ said Alison indicating with her outstretched arm that Debbie could go first.
As she walked into the bathroom, directly behind the door was what appeared to be a long airing cupboard.  ‘In here is your boiler.’ Alison said as she opened the first of the two doors.  ‘As you can see we’ve managed to make the most of taking out the old water heater and using a new combination type boiler.’  As Debbie took a look she could see they had installed several shelves and in the right and bottom section was hinged allowing larger items to be stored.  After she looked her father was the next to look and gave an approving hum.
Debbie continued round to the right and gasped in amazement, there in the middle of the room stood the biggest traditional bath she had ever seen.
‘Gorgeous isn’t it?’  Alison said from behind.
Turning just her head she replied, ‘Yes.’
‘It’s what was in here as well.  Take a look round the end of the airing cupboard?’  Alison looked like an adult at Christmas coaxing a child to leave this present and go to the next.
‘A traditional hand basin as well, both with ornate taps!’  Debbie just had to run her hands over them.  She had seen them in the country magazines, where you get to look at some rich person’s house and envy over all that they have.  This time it was her mother that was next in line to have a look.  Both exchanged grins that stretched from ear to ear.
Giles came in from the doorway and up to the frosted glass window at the end.  Debbie looked up and was quite glad to notice that it was not the same size as all the other windows in the house.  She then saw the toilet.  It was between the basin and the bath, but with all the excitement she had failed to notice it wasn’t in the same style as the bath or hand basin.  She gave Alison a questioning look.
Alison moved to the end of the bath, ‘The original toilet was unfortunately cracked at the base; a vine had come in from downstairs, perhaps looking for the only water left in the house.’ Turning she continued, ‘I’m afraid we haven’t yet had a chance to install a power shower, but the pressure isn’t too bad.  Are you a shower person or bath?’
‘Shower normally.   Then again with a bath like that I might be able to make time for one each morning.’  Her grin grew once again as she began to think that she would simply have to find a way to live here, it was almost perfect.
As they made their way back to the main farmhouse, Alison and Emily started chatting about something from one of their previous conversations.  Giles came up to his daughter and pulled tightly under his left arm, ‘So what do you think?’
‘It looks like a postcard.  I’m not too sure about the fact there is no central heating though.  You know what I’m like.’
‘Reptile lady!’  It was his pet name for her during the winter months as she never seemed to get warm.  It wasn’t an overly endearing name but it made them both smile.
As they entered the main farm house they were bombarded by two collies.  One brown and white the other black and white.  ‘Hello you two!’ Alison said and then suddenly realised Debbie had never met them before, she turned and said ‘Sorry Debbie, I assume your fine with dogs?  I know your parents have met them several times before when we’ve come down to meet us at the pub.’
As she stroked the head of the brown and white one she said, ‘Yeah I’ve always wanted dogs.’
‘Debbie did a course in dog psychology.’  Her mum said as she took a seat at the large oak table that sat in the middle of the huge farm kitchen.  Emily suffered with leg problems and often had to take the weight off her feet.
‘Ah, well if you can train these two Muppets to do anything, feel free.  They only really listen to their dad and even then if they aren’t in the mood they just play about.’
‘What are their names?’  Debbie asked while she attempted to take a seat next to her mum while being licked and rubbed against.
‘The black and white one is Tess and the brown and white one is Molly.’  Alison had her back to them as she spoke; she was filling the kettle in a large stone basin before placing it on a traditional Aga.  Alison then noticed that Molly was sticking to her Giles like glue.  ‘I see Molly still prefers you Giles?’
‘Of course!’  He said with a large grin as he propped himself up by the sink.
‘To your beds!’ Alison said and both dogs instantly left Debbie’s and Giles’ side and went to lay by the back door.  ‘See I have some control, even if they didn’t go to their beds per say.  What would you like to drink with dinner?’
‘Water is just fine for me.’  Replied Emily as she started to help Alison clear the kitchen table from a seated position.
‘Giles, we’ve still got some of the small French beers if you like?’
‘Please.’  Giles nodded enthusiastically, ‘Debs do you want one as well?’
‘Oh please that would be lovely.’  Debbie had only half been listening, she had been staring at the dogs as they looked from each person and out the window at the approaching tractor.
‘Thank you.’ each said as Alison handed out the drinks.  Debbie liked it more and more here as she thought I remember Trevor being quiet, hopefully he will be just as nice.
‘Dinner is nearly ready.’  Alison said after opening the oven door.  ‘Hope Shepard’s pie is good for you all?’  
A unanimous Yes came back from all three.
‘While we wait for Trevor I suppose I could get to the lodging agreement?’
‘Yeah I suppose so.  It is most of the reason we came down today.’  Giles said as he took a seat next to Debbie.
As Alison placed some papers on the table and took the seat opposite to Debbie and her father, Debbie added ‘Mum said that you may be able to lower the rent if I were to help out on the farm?  I know most people ask for around £600 a month for cottages like that.  Also I might need teaching on how to build fires and generally to be of any use around the farm.  I’ve done some farm work, but most of it was while I was at university over four years ago now. I hope that will be OK with Trevor?’
‘Of course, Trevor is used to teaching people things.  He often has students working here over the summer, but of course they can never stay all year round.  Plus he had years trying to teach our Phil how to do things.  We’ve got plenty of wood so simply help yourself, you won’t need to buy any and I’ll show you how to clean out the pit properly so that you don’t get too dusty.’  Alison hunched up her shoulders as she spoke and her grin was so big that her eyes were half closed.
‘Brilliant.’  Debbie looked at her mum and dad and smiled.
Suddenly the dogs got up and, wagging tails with great excitement faced the back door.  Within a few seconds it opened and Trevor was nearly pushed over by the two excited dogs.
‘Steady you two.  Hi, anyone would have thought they hadn’t seen me in years!’  Trevor’s voice was much deeper than Debbie remembered it to be, he was also taller and rounder then she thought a farmer would be.
‘Trevor, this is Debbie, Emily’s Daughter.  They’re looking to rent the cottage.’  Alison said while he removed his boots in between the licks and pushing of Molly and Tess.
‘Giles!’  Trevor exclaimed as he took Giles’ hand before walking round the table to Debbie’s mum.  Debbie tried to not notice the limp, but it was hard not to.  She smiled though as he placed a gentle kiss on the side of her face saying, ‘And the lovely Emily, how nice to see you both again.  Turning to Debbie he extended his weather worn hand and said, ‘Debbie, pleasure to meet you. What do you think to our little cottage then?’
‘It’s very lovely, especially the fire places.’  She was still grinning as she spoke, rubbing her hand slightly from Trevor’s tight hand shake.  Her hand practically disappeared within his grasp. ‘Alison said about helping out on the farm.  What sort of things would I be doing?’
‘Very keen!’  He smiled and took a seat at the head of the table, ‘Can you drive a tractor?’  Trevor’s voice was so deep; Debbie really had to concentrate to hear all the words.
‘My friend showed me once. I did some rolling.’  She said hopefully and then trying to keep smiling finished quietly, ‘Since then, no.’
‘Not a problem, old Bettie makes learning very easy.’  Debbie wasn’t sure if Trevor’s grin was sarcasm or the truth.  ‘It’ll most probably be a case of playing it by ear.  Generally I start at sevenish.  Is that going to be a problem?’
‘No, I usually start at eight and since I have to get ready for work and pick up one of my colleagues on the way in, the earlier I get up, the better I usually work.’
‘Ah.’  Trevor said smiling.
Humm... a man of small words Debbie thought.
‘Dinner!’  Trevor’s voice made Debbie jump as she hadn’t noticed that both her mum and Alison had gotten up and dishing out the food. ‘What say you then Giles?  Paperwork good for you?’  Trevor said as he took the lid off a small French beer.  He knew that Giles would scan every inch of the document and wouldn’t let his daughter sign it until he was happy.
‘Looks ok,’  Giles said as he laid the papers down on a sideboard out of the way.  ‘How long have we got to make a decision?’
Trevor’s opened his mouth, but Alison spoke before he had a chance, ‘We’d like to start the contract at the beginning of next month, as it makes it easier for tax purposes being April and also doesn’t keep it empty for too long.’
That gives me about two weeks; I may have had my review by then, Debbie pondered.   She could hear her dad speak of whether they would need a deposit as well as first month’s rent.  She missed the response, but knew her father would fill her in on every little detail to be sure she understood.
As plates were laid on the table the conversation changed from the cottage and the agreement, back to the charity ball.  Debbie responded to any questions directed at her, but for the most part she simply ate her meal and drifted off once again to her earlier conversation with James and what it would be like come Monday morning. At least she was due to be in a meeting with Fiona most of the day.
As they drove off Alison and Trevor waved from the front door and Debbie’s mum waved back out of the window while saying ‘That was a very pleasant evening and the cottage is lovely.’
‘Yes.’  Giles said, and after a short pause he looked into the rear view mirror at his daughter and said, ‘Debs?  We’ll be able to help you out as well.  Start off with £100 towards the rent until you get your finances sorted?’
‘Thanks dad, I’ll have to look at my figures and I should be having my review in the next couple of weeks and I think I’m due for a pay rise as I haven’t yet been made chief admin.’
‘That sounds good, another thousand do you think?’
‘Mum hardly, I’m still admin at the end of the day.  The company is growing so it could go up over the next couple of years.’  As much as she loved her mum she knew that because of her dad’s job being law based, and therefore well paid, she’d forgotten what it was like to be a normal person.
Saturday came and went.  Her mum and dad had gotten up early to get a round of golf in, leaving Debbie to get up in her own time.  It was a rare treat to have the house completely to herself and it saddened her slightly that this house will once again not really be home.  Most of the day she relaxed in front of the television and when her parents returned they were soon off again to meet friends for lunch.  They had invited her, but Debbie had had enough for one weekend of listening to other people’s lives.
On Sunday morning she awoke to a knock on her bedroom door.  ‘Debbie?’  It was her mum.
‘Yes?’  She called back from the warmth of her covers.
‘Can I come in?’
‘Yes.’
‘Morning cupcake, fancy a bit of retail therapy today?’  She said as she perched herself at the end of the bed.  They often went shopping together, but she usually waited until she had come down for breakfast.
Still snuggled up under the covers she replied, ‘OK, it’s not like you to come in and ask.  Wanting to go further afield then the city?’
‘No, but Debenhams have a got a spring sale on and just wanted to get up there before the crowds.’
‘OK, I’ll get up in a second.’
‘OK love, I’ll see you downstairs.  Your father’s already up.  Philip and him are going to that bike thing today.’
‘Oh of course.’  Debbie said through a yawn and decided she might as well sit up and stretch.  As her mum left the room Debbie picked up her phone.  A message had come during the night, but she didn’t want her mum asking questions as it was from Marcus and, like her dad, any mention of a boy’s name and she could hear wedding bells from miles away.

Text: Still ok to pick me up on Monday? Why on earth is James asking me questions about YOUR love life?

Oh dear.  She had completely forgotten that James and Marcus were also good friends, having been at school and university together.  All she could think to answer was Yes and I don’t know.  It was a lie, but as much as she confided information with Marcus and knew that she could trust him, she was unlikely to discuss a close mate of his, when she didn’t exactly know what she wanted in the first place.
As they walked round the city centre Emily turned to her daughter and said, ‘The offer is still there for your father and I to help you with rent.  If you let him, Dad will help you to sort your finances.’
‘I’m sure he will.’  Rolling her eyes, she caught sight of Jane, her best mate, walking in the opposite direction with her mum.  Grabbing her mum’s arm Debbie said, ‘Look, it’s Jane and her mum.  Jane!’  From across the crowd, Jane turned her head and seeing Debbie waved frantically pulling on her mum’s arm to draw he attention to the fact they were on the move.
‘Deb’s!’ Jane said as they gave each other a hug.  Emily and Jane’s mum did the same before greeting the other’s child in a similar fashion.
Emily said, ‘Yvonne and Jane, what a pleasant surprise to see you up here as well!  Have you been to Debenhams yet for the sale?’  Debbie’s mum was always keen to look through sales and knew that Yvonne was no different.  Their girls had grown up together and consequently had taken it in turns to take each other’s children out for the weekend to give some time back to the adults.
‘Of course!’  Responded Yvonne, holding up her bags and giving a little wink.  ‘Just heading for something to eat, fancy joining us?’  Debbie looked to her mum with the pleading look of, I know we’re due to have a Sunday lunch but can we?
Putting her left arm round Debbie’s shoulders and giving her a quick peck on her forehead she said, ‘Sure why not?’
As they moved off, the girls hung back from the adults and began their usual chatter.  ‘Oh Jane, I’ve been a complete idiot.’
‘Why does that not surprise me?’  She gave her friend a playful jab in the ribs.
Debbie giggled and trying to keep a straight face and lowering her voice enough so neither parent could hear, ‘I asked James if he like me?’
‘No Way!’  Jane exclaimed and both mums turned round to see the two girls try their hardest to look innocent and that they weren’t discussing anything important.  It worked only so much that Emily was busy telling Yvonne about the cottage and also about the menu for the charity ball.  With a hushed tone Jane asked, ‘What did he say?’
‘Not much, except that he’s married and it’s not really appropriate what with his age and being kinda my boss.’
‘Wanker!’
 ‘Jane really he’s not.’
Jane gave her friend a sideways look.  ‘Well, he is for not saying before about a wife.  I know I talk about Matthew all the time, especially at work to the guys that try it on.’  She took hold of Debbie’s shopping bags and was looking through to see what she could potentially borrow.  Shaking her head she said in a very matter-a-fact tone, ‘Debbie really, do you not understand style?’
‘Huh, what?’  Debbie took hold of the other side of the carrier bag to see what she was looking at.  Jane was always bossing her around, but she didn’t mind because sometimes it saved her having to worry about small things, like making a decision.  ‘They looked nice and I needed a new pair.’  What they were looking at was a pair of shorts that weren’t quite hot pants, yet also only just about covered the bum cheeks.
‘You’re supposed to wear them over the top of leggings.  Have I not taught you anything?’  Jane was a fashion guru and Debbie did rely on her sometimes to dress her but other times she simply couldn’t be bothered and bought for comfort and practicality than fashion.
Pulling the bags away Debbie exclaimed, ‘Not everything is about fashion!’  She knew that it would wind Jane up as soon as she said it.
Jane stopped dead, ‘Wash your mouth out!’  All she could do was laugh and moving back towards her friend, linked her left arm with her right and coaxed her to move on.
‘How about next time we have a night out, I’ll wear something girly?’
Jane took hold of her left hand and turned to face her while they walked along jokingly said, ‘Really? Can I choose?’
‘Ah, ha!’  Debbie nodded and they did a little skip in their step, ‘But I warn you if you put any pink on me I won’t go!’
‘OK, no pink!’  They laughed and joined their mums in the queue to choose a cake and a drink from their usual branch of Starbuck’s chain café.
 
~ Chapter 3 – Working together as ‘friends’ ~
 ‘I got another confession to make.  I’m your fool.  Everyone’s got their chains…’  The words were cut short as Debbie pushed the snooze button on her mobile phone.  As much as she loved David Groyles voice, 7:30am was not the best time to appreciate it.  It was an alarm and it was quite a nice voice to wake up to and a bit of an inspiring song really.  Ever since she returned from travelling most Monday mornings felt like this, saddened by the fact that outside her bedroom window was not a game reserve, but a housing estate.  Her work was no longer as a game keeper but an admin staff.  Although, she did have better access to those simple pleasures such as alcohol and shops and of course she got to see and chat to her friends whenever she or they felt like it.  So there were some positives to being back home.  Things might be better on the farm though she pondered, but her thoughts were cut short by a gentle tap on her bedroom door.
‘Morning dad.’  She called from her bed.  ‘I’m just getting up, promise.’
‘OK sweetie, I’ll leave you cup of coffee by the door.’  His voice sounded rasp and groggy.  Mum must have had one of her dreams again.
Debbie’s phone started vibrating, but she’d left her finger poised over the ‘stop’ button and cut off his voice just as he was about start singing.  She stretched her arms and legs and widened her mouth to allow an enormous yawn to escape before wearily swinging her legs off the side of the bed and sitting up.
‘Here we go again!’  She said to the room as she stretched her arms above her head for a second time.  As she opened the bedroom door the cool spring air came rushing in and gave her a little shiver as she bent down to pick up her coffee.  It was almost spring, which meant that her father had turned the heating off.  When she moved she would definitely miss her morning drink, well being brought it anyway.  Things tended to taste nicer when someone else was making it, but then again she also wouldn’t have to get up earlier to use the shower before her father.  She never quite understood why he still had not bothered to fix the shower in their en-suite, it was much more powerful and was enclosed and didn’t have the added risk of walking in on his twenty-five year old daughter.
It was just her and her dad for breakfast that morning.  ‘Mum had one of her dreams last night?’  Debbie asked in between mouthfuls of tea and toast.
‘Yeah, something about aliens landing in the back garden and stealing the washing.’
Debbie chuckled.  ‘Have you had any of your random dreams lately?’  He asked.
Quite a few, all very sexual and involving my supervisor is what she thought, but she said, ‘From time-to-time.’
‘Did you like the cottage then?’  He said before draining the last of his tea.
‘Oh it was lovely and Trevor and Alison seem really nice too.’
‘They are, we often go down and meet them at the pub.’  He stood up and walked over to the dishwasher.  After loading his and her breakfast dishes he looked up at Debbie and said, ‘If you let us help you, we can get you in for the beginning of the next month?  I know you enjoyed living on your own and would much prefer to have your own space.’
Debbie suppressed a laugh, ‘What you mean, is that you and mum got used to having the house to you again.’
‘Oh Debs,’ he came over and gave a her a big squeeze ‘you’re so much more level headed than your brother so I know that I won’t be supporting you for long and because of that I want to help you more and who knows what doors this will open for you.’  Debbie sensed that he had a master plan behind her moving onto the farm and more than likely had to do with a potential meeting of a son-in-law.  She didn’t have the heart to hell him or her mother that at the minute she really wasn’t interested in having a relationship.
‘Thanks dad’ she squeezed him back, ‘well as lovely as this Hallmark moment is, I had better get going.’
Marcus was sat on the bench at their normal meeting place, finishing off his cigarette before he got into the car. ‘Morning.’
‘Morning Marcus, good weekend?’ Debbie asked as she checked her mirrors.
‘Yeah, all apart from James asking me all sorts of questions about you.’  His face was a mixture of unimpressed and inquisitive.  ‘Your response was pretty inadequate too.  You know he fancies the absolute pants off you.’
‘Shut it Marcus, we’re just friends.  Besides he’s married is he not?’ She quickly gave him a look before she pulled out onto the road.
‘Doesn’t mean the man can’t fancy you!  By the way he was talking I think he’s either going to set you up or something much more dangerous.  Be careful won’t you Debs?’
Debbie was shocked and shot him an evil glare.  ‘I would never attempt to break up a marriage!  I might go for the wrong men at the best of times, but it’s usually their attitude rather than a wish to have a cat fight.’
A weak ‘sorry’ came from the passenger seat and the car fell into silence apart from the radio.
They drove through two sets of traffic lights before Debbie broke the silence with, ‘I may not be able to give you a lift anymore.’
‘Sorry Debbie I didn’t mean to intrude, what you do is your business!’
She looked over and laughed, ‘Oh Marcus I don’t hold grudges that long.  I know you were just being concerned and nosey.  He is one of your oldest friends.  Anyway that’s not the reason why.’
Marcus gave a sigh of relief.  ‘Have you found somewhere else to live?’
Debbie was impressed at how quickly Marcus found the link, then again they had been travelling together five days a week for the past six months.   ‘Even for you that’s pretty good.  Yeah a friend of my folks’ owns a farm on the outskirts of the city and they have renovated a one bed cottage on their farm.  Went to see it on Friday night when I got back from work.  It’s lovely and they have offered me a discount rate if I help on the farm.’
‘Sounds pretty good,’
‘So I won’t be coming in past your estate anymore, unless I’m going back to my folks for dinner.’
‘I’ll miss our morning chats and I would have to start driving my car again.’ They had just pulled into the office car park, ‘Oh look the Polecat is ready and waiting for you.’  He nodded his head over to the main doors.  
Batting her hand through the air, she gave him a look of understanding, but said ‘You still shouldn’t say things like that.’
‘Morning.’ Fiona said as Marcus and Debbie came within hearing distance. ‘There’s been a change in the plan then.  James is going to do the presentation instead of me as Stewart has requested a meeting for this morning.  Could you still go along and take minutes and be available if James should need help.  He’s got one of the flash pointers with a clicker in to change the slide and go backwards if need be.’
‘OK, no worries.  Can I use the laptop again to type the minutes?’  Debbie tried to not look disappointed she had been looking forward to having a bit more to do at the meeting then just type.
‘Of course, it’s under my desk.  The password shouldn’t need changing, but if you need to put a new one in can you make it animal related please.’  Fiona had already started walking towards the office as she spoke.  Meetings with Stewart, the company director, always got her a bit nervous, but unfortunately that also usually meant she stopped being nice.
‘No worries.’ Debbie said, still trying to be positive.
‘Be sure to get the notes off of James.  He’s not overly keen on giving presentations and he seemed overly distracted this morning, but I’ve told him that you two are to work together because I need you learning these things as well.’  Instead of going in the lift she opted for the stairs.  Debbie was quite thankful as she didn’t like lifts and tended to take the stairs.  As they approached their floor, before opening the door, Fiona turned and looked at Debbie, ‘Don’t forget I want you to be more one of the top people than just the worker.’
‘Yes, I’m really appreciative of everything.’
As they walked into the office Debbie was two steps just behind Fiona when she said, ‘If I don’t see you later, can you get the minutes of the meeting on my desk before you leave tonight.  Thank you.’
‘Certainly.’  She caught sight of Marcus with his hands up at his chest looking like a dog begging on its hind legs.  As Debbie walked out the office with the laptop, she stuck her tongue out in response.  She knew she was Fiona’s favourite at the minute and she was acting a bit like a performing monkey, but she knew Marcus would be the same if it was the other way around.
As she walked into the meeting room James was setting up his computer and the projector.  She had about ten minutes before the clients were due and there had been no word from reception to say that they had arrived.  ‘Have you made any tea or coffee yet?’
‘No.’  James didn’t look up from the computer screen and then as if suddenly realising how it might have sounded continued with, ‘But if you want to that would be a help, I’ll let you know if we get the call from reception.’  For the first time since Friday they looked at each other.  Debbie was unsure of how she felt at that moment, but decided it would be best just to focus on the task ahead, it was going to be a long enough morning without worrying about that as well.
She had just made up the cafeteria and the tea pot when James came into the kitchen, ‘They are down in reception.  I’m all set up and ready to go.’
‘Thanks.’ she replied as she put the last of the cups onto the tray.  As she left they brushed past each other and she was sure she felt his hand brush against hers, yet she couldn’t be sure, the kitchen wasn’t all that big and it was hard not to avoid each other in such a confined space.
She met the clients in the foyer.  A man and women, both dressed fashionably smart as she would call it, were reading through their promo material along with one of the other companies they shared the building with.
‘Good morning, my name is Debbie McHewin.’  She held out her right hand was hardly surprised by the limp wrist hand shake by both.
‘Matthew Taylor’ The gentleman said as he gave her a small nod.
‘Jennifer Blackbird’ The woman said, he glasses made her look everything bit like secretary.
‘Pleasure to meet you both.  There has been a slight change to the meeting arrangements today, Fiona apologises.  She has been called away on an urgent meeting.  If you would like to follow me, James will be going through our product range with you.  Feel free to ask either of us any questions you may have this morning throughout the presentation.’
‘Will our car be ok out in your carpark?’  Matthew enquired as they went up in the lift.
Debbie tried her hardest to concentrate, she really did not trust the wires attached to the top of this metal box.  ‘Yes, we do not have any parking charges if that is what you are worried about.’
‘Yes, ok that is good to hear.  The security guard took down the registration though.’
‘It’s just so we know which car belongs to whom.  In here,’ Debbie held her left hand up against the door, smiling wide as they walked through into the meeting room. ‘Matthew and Jennifer this is James Hostine, he is the product support manager for Just Packaging.’  As James shook both their hands and said his hello Debbie asked, ‘Can I get either of you a tea or coffee?’
‘Coffee for both of us, thank you.’  Jennifer had a very soft voice and something told Debbie that she was Matthew’s assistant, which made her outfit even more fitting.
‘Milk and sugar are on the table,’ Debbie said as she handed the cups out, rich smells of coffee began to fill the room.  ‘James, coffee?’
‘Yes please Debbie.’
From then on the meeting went well by all accounts.  Debbie found it hard to concentrate from what both happened on Friday and what Marcus had said this morning on the way to work.  Sitting there staring at the projection screen she thought, Remember to text Michael to discuss this I have no idea what to do.  After the presentation was finished James wrapped up the meeting and between the two of them they answered the various questions asked by both Matthew and occasionally Jennifer, who had also taken minutes of the meeting.  Before lunch they saw them back to the reception and logged them out with security.  Back in the meeting room Debbie sat down to make her notes into actual minutes ready to put on Fiona’s desk, she hoped before lunchtime.  She didn’t realise that James had left the room until a fresh cup of coffee appeared by her right hand.
She stopped typing and looked up at him, ‘Thanks, I thought I had used up all my milk.’
‘You had, went and made you one from the kitchen.’
‘Oh sorry didn’t realise you had left, thanks.’  As she picked up to cup to take a sip of the hot liquid she noticed James staring at her.  ‘What?’  She kept the cup close to her lips, savouring the smell of the coffee as the steam slowly filled her nostrils.
‘You did well today.’  He looked sideways and pulled a chair out from under the table, turning it to face Debbie before sitting down.
Before taking another sip and placing the mug by the side of the laptop she replied, ‘Thanks, you did most of the work though.  I just smiled and looked pretty.’  She gave a little grin and turned back to the laptop.
‘You should give yourself more credit.  You are pretty and you make people feel much more at ease, but you also know your stuff.’  James sat there, in his mind he reached out and pulled her hair back behind her ear and stroked the back of her neck.  He imagined that she would like that.  Until last Friday he had been reserved about how he felt about her, thinking that she was far too young for him and that she would never be interested.
Debbie was sat trying to type out the notes, but she could feel the weight of his eyes and turned her head expecting to see the annoyed and confused face that he gave her this morning.  Instead it was calm and content.  He seemed miles away and Debbie wandered where he was and before she knew it she had said, ‘Wish I was where you are.’
‘Go out with me?’  He almost regretted it as soon as he said it.  Debbie’s face changed and he knew that he’d crossed a line.
‘I can’t!’
‘Why?’  This time he did reach out and gently ran the tips of his fingers down her the outside of her triceps.
Debbie watched his hand and closed her eyes.  She wished she’d never opened the can.  She had wanted him to touch her in this way for so long and now he was she felt confused and angry.  Shaking his arm off heatedly saying, ‘Umm… quite possibly because you’re married!’
He raised his hand and held it in mid-air for a few seconds, staring at her, ‘Yeah.  OK that didn’t come out right.  I meant that I wanted to get to know you outside of work.  I know it’s mad, I know you’re just thinking I want to have my cake and eat it, but I know there is something between us.  Before I make a rash decision and give up on my failed marriage I want to be sure that there is something more there between us.’
Turning back to her document she quietly said, ‘Oh, right.’  She typed a few lines half ignoring him, but also trying to figure out how to respond.  It sounded like a good idea, yet in reality she knew that if she let him have his way, he would be having lots of cake to eat.  Also, if he was prepared to do that to his wife, what was to say that he wouldn’t do it to her.  Eventually she said, ‘OK, but you must promise me that anything said or done outside of work stays outside of work.  If we find that we don’t get on outside of work you won’t hold it against me inside.’
‘OK deal.’  They shook hands.  ‘But you also have to promise the same and not pressure me into making a decision.’  
He stood and finished with, ‘Start by having lunch with me, finish that and then come get me and we’ll go down to the lake side café.’
Turning her head to look him in the face, she said ‘OK’ and smiling she stuck her hand out and they shook on their extended agreement.
Debbie had just about finished the notes when Marcus came into the room.  ‘Hi Debs,’ he said while closing the door to.
‘Take it you’re not supposed to be coming in here?’  She said while saving the work and started unplugging and packing up the power leads so that she could take the laptop into the office and print off the memo.
‘Not as such, James said not to disturb you as you needed to get it finished before lunch.  He said he’s taking you to the lakeside café?’
‘And what of it Marcus?’  She lifted the laptop and walked over to Marcus.  He was still stood by the door as he realised she was not only nearly finished, but also seemed to be in a strange mood.  
‘Oh just wandered if you guys have decided to have a sordid affair?’  His grin was so large that Debbie couldn’t help but smile back.
She knew she shouldn’t confide in him, but they had got on so well and despite the knowledge that he was James’s oldest friend she decided to at least give him something.  ‘We’re just going to see how being ‘friends’ fares out.’  As she past him, she turned and gave him a cheeky grin, suggesting it could be more, but she wasn’t going to say.
The rest of the day and week went by as any other.  The only exception was that every time James spoke to Debbie, Marcus would look over and wink, making Debbie smile.  In his ignorance, James thought she was simply smiling.   Fiona would occasionally ask the two of them to work on something and Debbie suspected that she was also in on the match making.  The only one that appeared to be completely unaware was Katie, but then she rarely involved herself with the others.  Strictly professional was young Katie.  Although, Debbie suspected it was more that she felt she was much younger than the others and thought of them as boring.  That was until Friday afternoon.
‘I’ve decided that we should go out on a business lunch today.’  Fiona said aloud to the office.  Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked up at her, unsure of how to respond.  This was a first time Fiona had suggested a ‘team building’ type activity in over a year that wasn’t connected to a national holiday.  ‘Well?’  She said again with more encouragement.
Debbie was the first to speak up, ‘Sounds good!’
They all arrived at the Swan pub at just after the lunch time rush.  As they walked into the pub they saw Fiona ordering drinks from the bar.  She saw them and while ordering pointed across to the eating area, where two tables had been pushed together and a ‘reserved’ sign placed on top.  While Debbie, Marcus and Katie took their seats James walked over to Fiona at the bar.
‘Need a hand?’  He asked as he came up beside her.
‘Thanks James, could you take the pitcher up to the table and let me know what the table number is please.’
‘Yeah no worries.’  James picked up the pitcher of water and walked up to the table.  He couldn’t take his eyes off Debbie as he walked up, he tried to look at the others, but now that he knew what she felt things had changed.  ‘Take it we’re all staying sober this lunch time then?’  He said as he put the jug down, ‘Any idea what the table number is?’
‘I’m going to go with two as that is the number on my spoon.  What does yours say Katie?’ Marcus said as he pulled the wooden spoon from out of the leather beer mug.
‘Three.’ Katie replied after swivelling the spoon in its mug to see the number.
‘Three it is then!’ James said and walked back down to the bar, giving a little hop down across the two steps leading down to the bar.
‘So any idea what this is about Debs?’  Marcus said after placing the spoon face down on the table.
‘Nope, but I’m sure it has something to do with the conference coming up next week.’
‘Oh yeah, forgot that was coming round.  Take it James will be in charge again?’  Marcus said not really to anyone in particular.
‘What conference?’  Katie asked as she turned back from watching James walk back down to the bar.  He had such a nice bottom that she couldn’t help but look at it from time to time.
Debbie had also been watching him, she replied quite flatly with, ‘Each year there are two conferences, well shows really.  We have a stall and promote what we do and try to get some orders.  It’s for businesses to come and look round and see what the world has to offer from packaging to delivery and marketing to sales.  Fiona usually goes, but I have a feeling she wants to send someone else or take someone else along.’
‘What makes you say that?’  Katie asked, trying to ignore the feeling that she had upset Debbie somehow.
As if snapping out of her trace Debbie replied in her usual lighter hearted manner, ‘I overheard her booking two rooms at a hotel.’
Glad that Debbie had semi returned to her gossip voice Katie, ‘Oh, I bet it’s you Debbie, you’ve been working your butt off and she’s been getting you to sit on a lot more of those meetings.’
‘Ah, but that’s cause...’ Marcus began before Debbie gave him a sharp kick under the table, ‘Ouch!’  He exclaimed.
‘Sorry Marcus thought that was the table leg,’ Debbie said through an icy stare, ‘What were you saying?’
‘Oh, just that it might be James it usually is.’  Marcus rubbed his shin and as Katie stood to help James with the glasses.  Marcus took the opportunity to lean over and whispered, ‘I wasn’t going to say anything, you deserve to go as much as he does.’
‘Yeah, well.’  Debbie started, but as she looked at him she saw that it wasn’t just his leg she’d hurt, whispering back she said ‘I know you wouldn’t.  Thing is, Fiona’s been a bit weird lately.  I think she might know how I feel bout James.  Or how James feels about me.  Argh.’  She exhaled and rolled her eyes in frustration.
‘Water anyone?’  James said picking up the water jug as Katie handed each of them a glass.
‘Please.’ Both Debbie and Marcus said as they held their glasses out.  As he poured, Fiona came up the steps, ‘Pour one out for me as well please James.’
‘Certainly Fiona.’
As she took her seat opposite Katie she said, ‘Have you chosen what to eat?’
They all unanimously said no and grabbed the menus from the centre of the table trying to act as though they hadn’t been sat there chatting for the last five minutes ignoring the reason for being in the pub.
‘Before we start,’ Fiona interrupted, ‘I just want to thank you all for working hard today to get everything finished in time.  I know it’s hard when the sun is shining on a Friday.’
‘No problem.’ Marcus said taking a sip from his cold glass of water.
‘Right well I’m going to have fish and chips!’ James declared before discarding the menu back onto the table.
 ‘That looks good, think I will as well,’ said Marcus.
‘Chicken Caesar salad for me please?’  Katie’s voice was quiet compared to James and Marcus.
‘I going to have the Lasagne.’  Fiona said as she started to collect in the menus, ‘and for you Debbie?’
‘Ummm…’  Debbie hated making decisions especially when it came to food.  Everything always looked so nice when written down but in her experience rarely tasted the same.
‘Why don’t you just close your eyes and point?’  Marcus said through a laugh knowing full well what Debbie was like.
‘Shush!  You’re not helping!’ Debbie laughed not looking up.  ‘Fajitas please?’
‘Chicken or beef?’  Fiona said with a cheeky grin, also knowing what Debbie was like.
‘Oh you had better choose!’  James now joined in giving a laugh before taking a drink.
‘Chicken!’  Debbie said looking up and giving all her tormentors a grin to declare she could sometimes make a decision quickly.
The lunch went down well with normal chit chat about plans for the weekend and comments about the food.
‘Oh I completely forgot to tell everyone!’ Debbie suddenly said after swallowing her last mouthful.  ‘I’ve found a place to rent.’
‘Brilliant, where about is it?’  Fiona replied as all the others were still munching away and like Debbie she had finished quite quickly.
‘It’s a small one bed cottage on a farm just outside the city.  The farmer is a friend of the family.  It’s so picturesque and he’s knocked the rent down as long as I help out about on the farm.’
‘Better not be getting any ideas to work on the farm full time?’ Fiona gave her a concerned look, but the smile suggested that she wouldn’t be surprised if she did.
‘No, packing is my life!’ Debbie gave a little laugh and quickly had a sip of her drink in case she had read Fiona’s facial expression wrong.
‘When do you move in?’  Marcus asked.
‘Hopefully in two weeks when we get paid and I can pay for the deposit and first month’s rent.’  As Debbie replied she looked round the table to include everyone in the conversation.  As she did she noticed that James had finished and seemed to listening much more than usual.  She didn’t feel uncomfortable, but she wished she could just talk to him again and find out what he really felt.  Their lunch the other day had just been friendly chat.
‘Does anyone want dessert?’  Fiona asked as the waitress took away the empty plates.
‘No thanks,’ Katie said before finishing her glass of water.
‘I’ll have the chocolate brownie?’  Debbie said giving everyone a little giggle.
‘Shocked!  But I will raise you with the chocolate sundae.’  Marcus laughed and looked to James to see if would join in their little game.
‘Chocolate brownie sounds great!’ James didn’t even see Marcus look at him.  He felt like a puppy dog locked within the spell of Debbie.
‘Right well Marcus could you and Katie go place the order at the bar.  I’ve left the card behind so just need to put it on table three.’
Both Katie and Marcus gave each other and Fiona confused looks before shrugging their shoulders and getting up to go to the bar.
After the two had left, Fiona leaned in towards James and Debbie and in hushed tones quickly said, ‘Right, while they are gone I am going to say this quickly.  I’m going to announce that you two are going to conference this time.  Mostly because you two are my best members of staff, but what they won’t know is that I also want you two to sort out whatever it is that has turned you two into love sick teenagers with bloody mood swings to go with it.  I do not condone adultery, yet when the two of you are together there is something and you.  I know you and Sam have been having problems James and I do not want you using Debbie as a way of getting out, so use next week as a way to find out without prying eyes or pressures of deadlines.’  Debbie was about to protest, but Marcus and Katie came back up towards the table and Fiona added, ‘Now smile’.
Dumfounded by the news Debbie and James looked at each other and gave a nervous smile before looking as both realised that they had been acting like teenagers with childhood crushes.
‘Thank you for doing that you two, now I have some news.’  Fiona waited until they  had taken their seats, ‘As you know Marcus and I’m sure you have been told Katie, that conference is next week and usually means that you guys get a holiday while I am out of the office for several days.  However, I have decided to allow someone or some other people to benefit from this experience.  This time Debbie and James will go and next time I will choose a different pair,’ pointing her whole hand at Marcus and then Katie.
As Fiona sat back in her chair, no one spoke until Marcus broke the silence with, ‘When next week?’
‘They leave on Monday morning.’
‘Huh?’ James said turning in his seat to face Fiona.
Debbie also opened her mouth to speak, but realised that was all part of Fiona’s plan.  If she dropped it on us we would have no chance to find a way to get out of it.  She knew perfectly well neither of them had anything planned as they had chatted about the following weeks plans earlier in the week after she had read through their meetings notes.  With the realisation a smile came across her face, she had been right in thinking that Fiona knew more then she let on.
‘The conference itself starts on Tuesday morning so come in on Monday morning and we can go through the itinerary and give you the directions and the all-important food card.’  Fiona rubbed her hands together and turned the conversation back to general chit chat.  Desserts came out in good time and were eaten with the same silence that often comes when the food is good.
Eventually it came time to leave.  ‘I’ll take Marcus home if you like Debbie?’  Katie asked as she manoeuvred out from the table.
‘Can do?  Thanks.’  She smiled at Katie and as she turned to walk out the door she gave Marcus a cheeky grin.  When they were having their chat with Fiona he was obviously attempting to court Katie.  Then again since her and James had been having whatever they had been having, Katie and Marcus had been alone at lunch and in the office.
‘See you all on Monday then.  Thank you for coming to lunch and hope you enjoyed it.’
‘Yes thank you Fiona.’ the team said almost universally and then she was gone.
‘I can pick you up Monday Marcus, but obviously won’t be able to drop you home.’  Debbie said and almost immediately Katie cut in, ‘Don’t worry I’ll make sure he gets home ok.’ and gave Marcus a cheeky smile.
As Marcus and Katie walked out the door, Debbie went to follow and James gently grabbed her elbow causing her to stop and look behind her.  ‘I didn’t have anything to do with the conference decision.’
Debbie laughed in spite of herself, ‘No, I know James.’  Without thinking she reached out and stroked her hand down the outside of his arm.  ‘Remember her chatting to us about what we were up to next week on Tuesday?’  James nodded his head, ‘Well, she had already planned that two people were going to go and I think she literally decided that it would be us today or even on Tuesday.’  They stood there for what seemed like ages, but it was probably a few seconds before Debbie continued with, ‘Why do you keep looking at me as if you had never seen me before?’
James looked down at the floor as he responded, ‘I guess I kind of am seeing you for the first time.  Until last week you were just Debbie, the girl I work with who was good looking.  Now it is Debbie the girl who I work with is good looking and likes me.’  With his last sentence he looked at her straight in the eye with the widest smile.
Debbie felt her cheeks go red and she looked down the floor, shifting the weight from one foot to the other before looking back up at him. ‘Guess this is what Fiona wants us to sort out?’
~ Chapter 4 – The Conference ~

‘Debbie?’ her mum’s voice was a distant noise in her dream.  ‘Do you want a cuppa tea?’
‘Humm?’ Debbie made the noise, but how loud it was she couldn’t tell.  Her dream was beginning to disappear and was replaced by thoughts of next week and the conference.
‘Debbie?’ her mum’s voice was louder this time, Debbie’s voice obviously wasn’t as loud as she thought.
With eyes wide open, ‘Yes that would be lovely Mum, thanks’.
It was Sunday and tomorrow would be the day she would travel to Birmingham to sell packaging.  In total the travel, setting up and selling would take three days.  As she stared up at the ceiling, the thought of spending three days alone with James was both exciting and incredibly scary.  First though, she needed to sign some contracts and get a move in date.  With the change in thought also brought a new energy and she threw back the covers and trundled along to the bathroom, picking up her cup of tea as she walked through her bedroom door.  This time she waited till she reached the bathroom before taking a sip.  Things were always simpler on the weekends and less rushed.
‘What time are we going over to the farm?’  Debbie’s mum asked as she came into the kitchen.  Debbie’s hair was still damp from her shower, her mum was getting breakfast bowls out of the cupboard and as she turned she handed them to Debbie, ‘Not going to dry your hair and put on a bit of make up?’  It wasn’t that she couldn’t accept that Debbie was a tom boy; it was more that she felt Debbie didn’t make an effort when it counted.
‘Mum, it’s a farm if I turned up all dolled up Trevor would think I was some city girl that he would have to baby-sit rather than put to work.’  Debbie gave a cheeky smile as she took the bowls off her mum and started to lay the small round kitchen table, she replied to her mother’s original question, ‘Dad said that Alison said we could go round about 11 this morning to sort out things ready for moving in next week.’

*
Across the city James turned over and watched as his wife slept.  He wandered where they had gone so wrong and whether Debbie was nothing more than a distraction from the problem.  He knew he loved Sam, they had known each other practically their whole adult lives.  The more he thought, the harder it became, so with a sigh he leant over and gently kissed Sam on the forehead.
‘Humm… morning James.’  Sam said as she turned her body towards the heat of her husband.  ‘What time is it?’  She didn’t open her eyes, but she didn’t need to see where his chest was, she just knew.
‘Nearly 8:30.’  He liked it when she rubbed the hairs on his chest, not that there were many.  ‘I’m going to get up and let sleeping beauty get her sleep.’  Briefly Sam opened her eyes so that she could make contact with his lips, as he bent to kiss her.  Her lips were soft and moist despite a night’s sleep and suddenly James found himself wondering what Debbie’s lips were like first thing in the morning and with that he pulled away, riddled with guilt.  Still half asleep, Sam didn’t notice his awkwardness or sudden pulling away.
As he descended the steps of his house he wandered what Debbie was doing and as he switched the kettle on he wandered what drink she had first thing.  Sam rarely had hot drinks and rarely got up before 10am.  I bet Debbie is a morning person; she’s always so lively first thing.  ‘Well I’ll find out on Tuesday I guess?’  It was a question that he hoped would be answered with the opposite of what he wanted so that she would no longer sit her upon the pedestal he was slowly building.

*

‘Trevor finished off the fireplace the other day so the paint might still be a bit wet.’ Alison said as they walked down the steps and into the living room of the cottage.  Smiling she continued, ‘We were so glad when you rang and said you would take the cottage.’  
‘Oh it was my pleasure Alison,’  Debbie said grinning, ‘I couldn’t possibly let anyone else try out that wonderful bath before me!  Trevor has done a marvellous job with the fireplaces.’  Debbie’s grin went from ear-to-ear as she spoke.  Almost like Alison, she wanted to say so much that instead of taking a breath she simply spoke quicker.  ‘When do you think I can move in?’
‘Well I guess as soon as you are able to pay the first month’s rent and put down a deposit of £200.’  Alison replied as she drew back the curtains to let some light in.
‘Pay day is on Friday, so shall we say next weekend?’
‘Well Sunday is the 1st so if you’re able to, let’s go from then?’  Alison held out her hand so that they could shake on it and Debbie eagerly took hold, nodding her head to confirm that she agreed.
Debbie’s mum had stayed with Trevor to watch the newly born calves potter around the field next to the house.  As Debbie came over she looked at her and waving her towards where she stood said, ‘You have to see these little darlings Debbie, they are curious yet absolutely frightened of me, luckily mum isn’t bothered in the slightest.’
‘Yes mum, I’m sure I’ll have plenty of opportunities to watch them when I move in next weekend!’  Debbie almost squealed at her mum.
Debbie’s mum had almost forgotten the reason they had come today, ‘Oh that’s it good!  Will you be able to give them all the necessary funds by next weekend then?’
‘It’s payday on Friday,’ and with the gentle nudge of the shoulders she added, ‘£200 from you and dad would be mighty helpful to cover the deposit?  I’ll be able to pay you back next month.’
‘Of course!’ Her mum threw her hands out to either side of Debbie’s head before wrapping them round her shoulders and giving her an extended kiss on the side of the cheek.
Debbie reciprocated by wrapping her arms around her waist and pulled her in tightly, it wasn’t entirely comfortable, but it was a rarity to have such an extended hug from her mum she thought she better make the most of it.  The hug was interrupted by the vibrating and then ringing of Debbie’s mobile phone.  
‘Oh that’s me!’ Debbie twisted out of her mum’s arms and took the phone out of her pocket.  ‘What’s he want?’
‘Who Deb’s?’ She hardly heard her mum’s question as she pressed the green button to pick up the call.
‘Hi, what’s up?’  Debbie said trying not to sound annoyed or perplexed by the phone call.
‘Hey Deb’s, how’s your weekend going?’
‘Fine Marcus, and yours?’
‘Really good, Katie and I went on a date last night.’
At this news Debbie’s annoyance at the interruption quickly went and instead she wanted all the gossip, ‘No, really?  How sweet!’
‘Oh Debs you don’t always have to sound sarcastic when you’re talking about her.’
‘I don’t, she’s a lovely girl.  So I take it went well then?’
‘Yes very, but as you suggested I didn’t take her to my place, I took her home and then went back to my own home.’  Marcus sounded positively proud of himself for resisting temptation.
‘Ah never thought you would actually take my advice, considering I rarely follow it.’
‘I know.’  She could hear him smirk, ‘It is more sensible and I think the next person you date you should try it.  I think it makes it more intriguing.’
‘Oh right, well anyway you two better not be taking advantage of being the only ones in next week?’  Debbie was mocking Marcus and he knew it and she wandered if he would bite.
He didn’t.  Instead he casually, but quite effectively turned the subject matter into what he had called for in the first place.  ‘Speaking of which James has been on the phone to me this morning asking for your number so that he can sort out arrangements with you.’
Debbie was shocked by what she heard.  Why on earth did he want to speak to her about it?  Trying to sound casual she stated, ‘Well he hasn’t wrung.’
‘No, that’s because I didn’t give him your number.  I said that I would call you and let you know his so that you could ring him.  Less suspicious that way and besides I know that if you don’t know a number you rarely answer it.’
‘Fair point.  How did he sound?’
‘Like a lost puppy.’
‘Huh?’  She knew he was trying to make a dig.
‘You know what I mean.  He was fine, but to be thinking about you on a Sunday morning while his wife is asleep in bed,’  Marcus made a tsk noise, ‘is not the best of signs.  Be careful this week Debs?  Try not to be so….’  His voice trailed off and Debbie finished off with, ‘myself you mean?’  
‘No!’  Marcus exclaimed down the phone, ‘Just not so flirty.  I know you like him, God I think most people do and lately it looks like he’s been thinking about you too!  So just think about what’s waiting for him at home.’
‘OK.’  Debbie knew he was right and decided to finish the call.  ‘Text me his number then as I don’t have a pen on me.’
As Debbie hung up her mum asked, ‘What was that all about?’  She had gone back to watching the two calves, but had overheard most of the conversation.
‘James wants me to ring him about this week’s conference.  Alison said that she was putting the kettle on.  Can you let her know I’ll be in once I’ve dealt with this call?’
‘You can just say that you need some privacy Debs?’  She placed a hand on Debbie’s shoulder as she walked back towards the farm house.  
James had just pulled out from the supermarket carpark when his phone started ringing.  He didn’t recognise the number, but guessed that the mobile number was either going to be Debbie or a random call.  He took the chance and pushed the answer button on his steering wheel to engage the Bluetooth.  ‘Hello?’
‘Hi James, its Debbie.  Hope I haven’t caught you at a bad time?’  Debbie started to pace the length of the barn as she spoke, her stomach creating knots.  She had never spoken to James outside of work and never on a phone.  It was complete alien territory.
‘Hi, thanks for ringing.  Well I guess a few hours is about right for that boy.’
Debbie ignored his comment regarding Marcus and his tardiness.  Knowing James it had most probably only been an hour, but she guessed when you’re waiting for something it always takes longer.  ‘Marcus said that you wanted to talk about the conference?’
‘Yes I did.  Oi!  This lane is for straight on not right!’ James shouted down the phone.
‘What?’  Debbie stopped walking and looked blankly at the ground.
‘Sorry Debs, I’m in the car.’
Debbie hurriedly said, ‘I call back, you should have said.’
‘It’s OK, I’ve got Bluetooth wired in so I’m completely hands free.’  In a sheepish tone he then apologised, ‘Sorry I can get a bit vocal when driving.’
Relieved Debbie said, ‘Me too, sometimes I wonder whether it would be better that we had to re take our driving tests every 10 years or so, just to get rid of all the idiots out there.’
‘That might work?’  James had the tone of voice to say that he didn’t entirely agree, but didn’t want to get into it right now.  In his own thoughts he saw the two of them sitting in a pub, putting the world to right over a couple of beers.  He heard a dog bark from the other end of the line, snapping him back to reality.  ‘Fiona said that we’ll be having a hire car so I can pick you up from home in the morning to save you driving in.’  As he turned the corner into his road he slowed the car taking that little bit longer to get to his house.
‘Oh right, that would most probably make sense.  Its 14 Dansteed Close, in Allbury.’
‘Yeah I know.  Marcus said.’ 
OK so he wouldn’t tell him my mobile number, but he was quite happy to let him know where I was living!  Debbie made a mental note to slap Marcus round the side of the head when she next saw him.  Trying to stay calm she said, ‘What time?’
‘8:30ish’
‘Grand, I’ll see you in the morning then.’  She had pulled the mobile away from her ear and as she heard him say his goodbyes she pressed the red button.  She didn’t really care if she had cut him off, but then she guessed it wasn’t really James or Marcus she was annoyed at.  They were friends, best friends almost and she was just Debbie and then it dawned on her that James would see her first thing before she had a chance to wake up on the drive into work.  That fifteen minute journey via Marcus’ always helped to wake her up and allow the coffee to kick in.
Debbie joined her mum and Alison in the farm house, but was not in much of a mood to chat.  Her mum picked up on this, so they drank their tea and soon were on their way back home.
‘Not a good phone call?’  Debbie’s mum asked as she drove them back.
‘Yeah, fine.  James is picking me up in the morning, as we’re having a hire car for the conference.’  She shook her head and took a deep breath, ‘Oh forgive me mum, I’m being silly.  It’s just I normally use those fifteen minutes during the drive in the morning to wake up so that I ready to go when I get in.  James has never seen me before that time.’
‘Ah.’  Debbie’s mum contemplated how to say her next few words without causing too much annoyance to Debbie.  She had figured that this James was the married man she had spoken about last week.  Finally she said, ‘It’s never mattered before and as you said last weekend, he’s married so even if he did fancy you it is unlikely that its nothing more than just a fleeting romance.’
Debbie looked out the window and replied, ‘True, I never normally do.  Just hope I don’t bite his head off.  Marcus has got quite used to the occasional snaps on the way in and even if nothing, but a fleeting romance occurs I still don’t want to put him off me as a work colleague.’
‘Oh Debbie really, you know better than that.’
For the last five minutes of the journey neither of them spoke as Debbie knew her mum was right and it was practically impossible that if anything did happen it would only be a fleeting romance and if he did reject her because of her dislike for mornings, the man wouldn’t be worth the effort.
As they arrived home her dad came down the loft stairs carrying some folded up cardboard boxes. ‘Knew these would come in handy one day!’  He said as he stepped over Debbie’s suitcase and round both his and Emily’s suitcases.
‘How many clothes do you think I have Dad?’  Debbie exclaimed as she took the pile of boxes from her dad and rested them against her bedroom door.
‘I was thinking more of your shoes!’  He nudged her and winked to indicate that he was only joking.  Debbie grinned back dropping her head slightly and looking down in mocking upset before turning back and rugby tackled her father, almost causing them both to fall over the suitcases.  Being nearly six foot tall, Debbie was hardly likely to knock him over but she liked to catch him off guard from time to time.
‘Will you want anything from the kitchen?’  Debbie’s mum asked after they finished lunch.
‘Umm…’  Debbie walked down the short entrance hall to the kitchen and as she rounded the corner it looked as though her mum had emptied most of the contents onto the sides.  ‘Mum!  I’m not going till next weekend and you don’t have to give me all of that.’  She exclaimed.
‘I’m not!’  She said quite matter-of-fact tone and turning back to her cupboard continued, ‘Just thought I would have a clear out and if you want anything you can have it.  If you don’t I’ll simply put them back in the cupboard and try to use them up somehow.’
‘I won’t take the pulses or seeds as I would rarely use them but I’ll have any herbs and spices that you have two of.  Can I take my cutlery and plates from uni?’
‘Of course.’  She proceeded to put the items Debbie said about into a box and shoed her away in between items.  Debbie took the hint and went to sort out some more of her belongings upstairs. 
Debbie and her father went to Argos to get some bits and pieces to make life a bit easier at the cottage.  Her grandparents, well her Father’s mum and her Mum’s dad had given her some money so that when she found a new home she could get something to go in it.  She knew that £50 wouldn’t go far but it was better than a kick in the teeth.
‘Right, so you now have a bread bin, a rubbish bin, a bin for recycling and a bin for the bathroom and a bin for the lounge.’  Her dad looked bemused at her daughter wondering whether she really needed quite so many bins for just her.  She had never shown the same signs as her mum as wanting to be tidy, but then he had never really seen her in her own space.
‘Yes dad.’  Debbie rolled her eyes, ‘It’s easier to have more bins then you really need so that you don’t have to go hunting and then I’ll be less likely to leave rubbish lying about.  Plus bread goes horrible if it’s left out in the open.’
‘Anything else you need?’
‘Ummm…’ She flicked through the pages of the catalogue hoping for some inspiration.  Her mum had said about making a list, but that seemed far too logical for a Sunday morning.  ‘I can always come back.  Alison and Trevor have kitted out the cottage quite well.  I know I want some throws for those sofas.’  She shrugged, ‘I’ll get them once I know how big the furniture is and if I want to use the sofas they’ve supplied.  OOO…’ Suddenly she flipped the catalogue to the index, her father moved closer to see where the penny was going to land. ‘Bedding, I nearly forgot!  I know that mum has said I can have the sets I’ve been using and I have got the ones from Uni, but I’ll see what sort of price they are and what designs they’ve got.’  She reached the right page and had a look at the various designs.  Then she saw the perfect set, ‘Oh this is lovely,’ she pointed at the number in the corner of the picture and then moved her fingers down to where the description and price. ‘Ooo and its only twenty quid and buy one get one free!’  She almost screamed the last and it was only her dad leaning against her that brought her back to the fact the store was busy and not everybody wanted to know she had found what she wanted.
‘Better check that they have some in stock, what’s the number?’ Her dad positioned his fingers over the number pad and as Debbie read out the numbers he carefully inputted the numbers. ‘Two in stock.’  He said once the screen loaded.
‘Do you think that is two sets of BOGOF?’ Her face almost looked like she would cry if her farther said the wrong thing.
So he went for the safest thing he could and said, ‘Well we better get this little slip of paper over there with all these numbers and make sure that you get a set.’
‘Right!’ Debbie quickly scribbled the numbers into the little boxes, double checked it against the catalogue and then both of them walked quick step over to the counters.  There wasn’t much of a queue, yet it was enough to make her shift her weight, making herself even more anxious.  When they had paid, collected the goods and started to make their way back home she laughed at herself as it would not have really mattered if she could not have gotten the bedding there and then because she had others she could use.
As the door opened Debbie called inside, ‘Hi Mum we’re back?  Oh!’ she exclaimed as she saw her mum coming down the stairs, ‘Sorry, didn’t see you coming down, we got a couple of things.’
‘Mainly bins!’ Debbie’s dad said over her shoulder.
‘Did you get one for the bedroom and bathroom?’  Debbie’s mum said as Debbie moved through with her bags to the living room.
‘I got just one for the both, that’ll be alright won’t it?’  Debbie said after she placed the bags on the sofa and started to take the boxes out of the bags.
‘Yeah, well you can always get another one if you need to.’  Debbie’s mum was by her side taking the boxes from her and helping to get them undone.
As far as Debbie was concerned, Monday morning came far too quickly.  As she waited in the living room, her stomach began to tighten at the thought of spending three days in only James’s company.  She had rung Marcus the night before to let him know that James was picking her up.  He told her that Katie was giving him a lift in and would be for the rest of the time, unless Debbie ever wanted to.  She asked if she had missed something and he only said that while her and James were playing their mind games they had been chatting and he’d found out that Katie only lived up the road from him so it made sense to share lifts in.
By the time James arrived her brain had started working out what she was going to do with her cottage when she got back and moved in.
‘I can see why you like him Debs.’  Her mother said as she looked through net curtains.
‘Humm….’  She still hadn’t moved from the sofa as the doorbell rang.
Emily moved away from the window.  ‘You’d better not keep him waiting.’
Debbie shot up and gave her mum a quick hug before almost racing to the door.
‘Have fun at this conference thing and give us a call to let us know you arrived safely.’
‘OK, thanks.’  Debbie replied as she walked through to the hallway, leaving her mum in the lounge, saying over her shoulder, ‘Of course.  See you on Wednesday.’
‘Morning?’ James chuckled, as she came out of her front door carrying a small suitcase. ‘You ready for the off?’  He thought she looked nervous, but wasn’t sure.  He was half dreading spending time alone with Debbie and half excited at the prospect of getting to know her outside of the work environment.  Ever since she told him her feelings, he’d seen a different side of her and seen just how attractive she was.
Debbie wheeled her small suitcase towards the car door and smiled sweetly at James.  ‘Ready, better get in before Fiona thinks we’ve done a runner.’
The journey in was quiet as neither knew what to say.  It wasn’t until the lift doors opened and there stood Fiona did either of them relax and smile.
Debbie walked behind her two superior colleagues, as she heard Fiona say, ‘I’ve printed off the directions to get to the NEC and a map.’
‘Have you got any designs of how you want us to set up the stall?’  Debbie enquired as they entered the office.
‘I’ve given James the folder,’ Fiona replied as James proceeded to raise it slightly with his left hand, Debbie hadn’t even noticed him holding it, ‘with all the information you need.’
As they came in there were several small boxes on the floor.  Fiona pointed at them and said, ‘These are the pamphlets,’ they looked about A5 size, then she pointed to larger boxes behind these, ‘and in there are samples of our main products, there are a couple of our catalogues in the bottom of the box as well.’  Fiona was positively smiling and yet anxious as if she was sending her children away to school for the first time.  ‘Oh and before I forget,’ she trotted off to her desk, James and Debbie exchanged looks and both looked quickly away as they felt an odd embarrassment fill each of them.  Fiona came back holding what looked like a credit card.  ‘And this is your spending money.  Now don’t go mad, we’re not made of money.’  She gave a small wink, ‘There is enough on there for you to have up to £30 of food each day and twenty pounds of drinks, obviously if you would rather drink than eat then you can have more of one and less of the other.  The hotel you are staying in has breakfast as part of the price and the NEC does a buffet lunch for all the contributors.  As we are a small company we don’t have as big a stall so we don’t have to pay as much as the larger companies want more space.  Consequently, they pay more and apparently that covers for the caterers, but of course if you’d rather eat something else you can use the card.’  Her face became suddenly serious as she concluded, ‘Keep all of your receipts.’  She then quickly smile to both as she handed the card over to Debbie.
While they loaded the car James asked, ‘I saw your mum have a look through the curtains as we drove off.’
‘Yeah,’ Debbie said as she fitted another box into the boot of the car. ‘She wanted to meet you, but as she tends to go on a bit I thought we’d leave it for another time.  You know, even though I’ve travelled half way round the world, on my own, my mum still wants me to check in with her when we arrive.  Remind me will you?’  Her eyes locked with James and for the first time she realised he was listening to everything she said.  He had taken off his jacket and tie and looked more relaxed then he did this morning.
They both went quiet as they packed the last of the boxes and display boards into the car, Debbie swallowed and said, ‘Shall we be off then?’
‘Yep better turn the sat nav back on,’ he reached to the middle of the dash board and touched the middle of the screen.  The little gadget came to life and Debbie found herself staring at it.  She had never used one or been in the vicinity of one before.  It amazed her that it knew exactly where they were and told them which direction they needed to go in. 
James’ voice cut through her thoughts as he said, ‘If you need me to stop on the way up then just let me know.’  They smiled at each other and then James put the car into gear and their journey began.
As they drove along the motorway they mainly listened to the radio until suddenly Debbie said, ‘Why can local radio stations never play anything but the same music?’
‘Not a fan of pop music?’
‘Not when they play the same songs every hour.’  She pushed the search button and quickly found another local station and the car was filled with similar songs from the national music chart.  ‘That’ll do, I can never find a station that actually plays music I like.  If the country demands pop they won’t play much rock will they?’
‘Ah, a little rock chic are we?’ he gave her a quick smile before returning his attention to the road ahead. 
She gave an enthusiastic nod and asked, ‘What music do you like?’  She turned slightly so she could look and listen to the conversation with her head rested backwards.
‘Bit of this and that really.  If I like the song I’ll listen to it basically.’ He smiled at Debbie, but tied to keep his eyes on the road.  In the glance she saw her resting her head in such a way that James wished he could reach out and rest his hand on her thigh.
‘In two hundred yards, take the next exit on the left,’ the sat nav suddenly said.  
For the last hour and a half they had simply been travelling along the motorway so the machine didn’t really have much to do.  Sitting up Debbie looked towards the machine and then along the road at the road signs.  It still fascinated her how it knew where they were and where they needed to go.  The map had changed to show where the turning was and as the green arrow of the car came close to the turning the road we wanted to take began to flash.  ‘In one hundred yards, take the next exit on the left.’
‘Right looks like we’re nearing our destination.’  James said as he manoeuvred the car across the motorway he joined the slip road just as they sat nav continued with, ‘At the roundabout take the first exit.’
‘Do you use this quite a lot?’ Debbie said as she pointed at the little machine on the dashboard.
James shrugged, ‘It comes in handy if I’m going somewhere on my own or with Sam as she is hopeless with a map and it causes more arguments then its worth.’
‘I’m not sure I could concentrate on the road and not watch the screen.  It just amazes me how it knows where we are and where we’ve got to get to.’
‘Yep, it’s pretty clever and if we went wrong or if we see something else we’d rather go to first, rather than saying, changing his voice to mimic the machine he said, ‘Where available turn around’, laughing she brought her hand up to her mouth, ‘it simply recalculates and directs you from there to your destination.  Sometimes if it can’t find a new route it will say to turn around where possible, but generally it’ll find a new route pretty quickly.’
‘Humm…’ She wasn’t sure what to say and kept watching the screen. As it spoke out the directions and he followed without any worry of going wrong.  Debbie noticed how calm he was, but thought he’d most probably very different if he didn’t have the machine and relying on the passenger being able to read a map.  Without much thought she suddenly said, ‘Well if this decides to die on us, I can actually read a map.’
James gave her a surprised look and then continued following the directions.  Within no time they had found the NEC and the correct building.  James dropped Debbie off at the entrance and as she walked into reception, he drove off to find a parking place.  Entering the building she was met by what seemed like hundreds of people standing and talking.  Debbie wasn’t very tall so she couldn’t quite see where to go until the crowds parted slightly and she caught a glimpse of the word ‘reception’.  She made a bee line for the desk, trying to keep her eyes focused on the target as people pushed past her, stopped in her path or were simply standing in the way.  The lady at the desk looked flustered and stressed, but as she approached her face became relaxed.  She spoke and the corners of her mouth turned up into a smile.
‘Hi, I’m here to represent Just Packaging.’   When Debbie finished the woman glanced down her list, turned the page and as her finger ran down the middle column of names Debbie began to wonder if she had come to the correct building.   There were so many and even within the buildings there were many rooms so it was entirely possible she had miss read the initial sign out the front of the hall.
‘Ah here we go.  Just Packaging.  Just need you to sign for your badges and you’ll be on stand 163 which is,’ she pulled out a sheet of paper and laid it on the desk in front of Debbie and circled 163, ‘at the far end of the hall just up from the fire exit.’  She then pointed to the front of the paper and finished with, ‘we are here now’.
Debbie looked up from the map and smiling said, ‘Thanks very much, are we able to bring our stuff in through the fire door or do we need to come through this way?’
‘The fire doors will be open until 3pm.’
Debbie checked her watch; it was nearly 12:30pm, which would give them plenty of time as long as she could work out where the fire door was in relation to James.  She thank the receptionist again, took the booklet and badges, laid the hall plan on top of the small pile and made her way through the crowds to where their table would be.  As she walked she was amazed by the amount of people and tables in the hall already set up.  She glanced at the map again and saw that there were 203 tables.  She thought how strange it was to be an odd amount of tables.  Although many of the bigger companies had more than one number so in actual fact there were most probably around 175 companies at the event.  It amazed her that there were so many companies involved with the transport and packaging industry.  She made it to their table without dropping or tripping over anything or anyone’s things, which was quite a feat for her.  As assured by the receptionist, the fire doors were wide open and people were coming in and out.  Debbie laid her paperwork and folders down on the table which had ‘163’ on a white A4 piece of card and had a look outside the fire door.  She took a couple of steps out and glanced about the car park to see if she could spot either James or the hire car.  The sea of cars was simply too much for her eyes to focus properly and in the end she reached into her suit jacket pocket and pulled out her mobile phone.  Before she even had a chance to unlock the keypad it started ringing.
How strange, I wander if he can see me, she pressed the answer key and in a posh voice said, ‘Hello, Debbie here how can I help you?’
‘Ah yes, hello Debbie, James here.’  His voice was just as posh, ‘I just wanted to let you know that your appearance is exactly what our company needs and I would be delighted if you would help me to present our products to the public tomorrow.’
‘Well thank you kindly, I would be honoured to help you with your endeavours to increase the image of Just Packaging.  To recommend myself more to you I have secured our company a table within the hall and we are able to set up as soon as you are able to get around to the fire escape door that I am currently stood next to.’  She smiled in spite of herself; they were back to how it used to be, she just hoped that when he was here in the flesh it would continue.  ‘Where are you currently parked?’
‘Turn to your left.’  Turning she heard a chuckle, she’d done it again, ‘Your other left.’ and down the end of the car park Debbie could just make out a person stood by a car with their hand outstretch above their head.
‘Ah yes, I can see you.  I have been assured that the doors will remain open until 3pm so chop chop.’  And with that she pressed the end call button, turned and walked back into the hall, grinning from ear to ear.
A few minutes later a figure appeared next to Debbie as she sorted through the designs that Fiona had given her for suggested set ups for the table.  Turning her head towards the figure there stood James holding the large box and pretending it was the heaviest thing he had ever lifted.  ‘Can I help you?’  Debbie said giving a little chuckle.
‘Where’d you like it m’lady?’  He was always good at accents and Debbie was equally terrible at guessing them or doing them herself.
She answered, ‘Just down on the floor for now.  Any reason you decided to bring in the least useful box first?’
‘Oh come on, it was funny?’  He looked positively hurt by her remark, ‘I’ll start bringing in the rest of the stuff.’  As he walked out of the building Debbie felt slightly guilty as she had only meant it as a joke as well.  She gave a quick shrug then looked into the box to see if there was anything she could put up in the meantime.  She then found the A5 pamphlets and decided that she would lay the different info packs out on the table in preparation to get a feel for how much room she had to play with before deciding on which design to use.
As James brought in more boxes and the various notice boards, they had designed back at the office, Debbie was able to set up the table properly.  After four or five trips back and forth James said that he was going to go park up and then he’ll be back to help finish setting up.  Upon James’ return, the set up went quite smoothly and in under an hour the table was just about ready for public viewing.  
Unknown to Debbie, she had gone into a mode that James had never seen before and he had decided the safest option was just to do as he was told and try not to get in her way.  As they worked he began to admire her even more and wondered why he had never noticed it before.  Then he thought that they had never really had the opportunity to see her work like this.
‘You’re doing a really good job Debs.’  He said out of the blue as she was putting some finishing touches to the table, including straitening the sheet that covered the table for what seemed like the hundredth time.
Half flustered and deep in concentration Debbie almost missed the fact he had said anything other than a question.  She stopped and looked at him, ‘Thanks, you really think so?’  James nodded and taking her hand pulled her back from the table and facing her towards it allowed her to see the finished product.  ‘Ah yes.’  She dropped her hand from his, suddenly feeling uncomfortable with the contact but also something on the table had caught her eye that was slightly out of place.  She sorted it and returned his side saying, ‘There I think we’re done.’  She pulled her left wrist up and looked at her watch and remarked, ‘And we’ve still got half an hour before the first lot of spectators come round.’
‘Huh?’  He looked at Debbie, confused.
‘Oh not the public, the governing body is coming round at 3pm to check that we are promoting our company in a fair and correct manner.  Sorry did I fail to mention that?’  She gave him a cheeky smile and it dawned on him that she knew him better then he realised.  He knew she was right, if she had said to him about it he would have been flapping and fussing round her much more and not trusting that she would get it done in time and get it looking almost perfect.  ‘Now you’re my sales man what do you need in order to sell?’
‘Umm…. Looks like you’ve got everything close to hand that I would need.’  He could see Debbie looking round at the other tables sizing them up, ‘Don’t worry we’ll do fine.  We’re only a small company and I promise I won’t be like the green grocers down the market, calling out our products and getting people involved.  Our set up states what we do and we’re simply here to give more information if they want it.’  Her face didn’t look too convinced by this statement, ‘You know your stuff Debs, just pretend that you’re speaking to them over the phone or they are one of our usual customers just asking about other things we offer.’  He reached out and ran his hand up and down her right triceps, it comforted her and the nerves subsided slightly.
‘I’m starving, fancy something to eat?’  Debbie asked and James nodded in agreement, ‘If you stay here, then if I’m late back there will still be someone here if they start coming round.’
‘OK, just get me a sandwich of some kind and some crisps.  Don’t suppose we can really have a pint now?’
Chuckling she placed her hand on his chest and said, ‘I’m sure you can wait until dinner before we start with the alcohol.’  Smiling, she gathered up her bag and made sure her mobile was still in her jacket pocket before wandering towards the main entrance.  
James watched as her trousers pulled tight against her round buttocks as she walked.  The more he watched, the hornier he became so with reluctance he tore his eyes away, conscious of the growing sensations in his groin.
The official check went well, unfortunately being a high number didn’t help their chances of getting seen to first.  There was only one group of people going round and they spent at least five minutes with some companies, longer with others and less with some of the very small firms.  So by the time they got to Debbie and James the time was pushing 4:30pm and the air between the two was heading towards awkward.  They were both getting board, impatient and oddly that now they were in work mode, both found it hard to ask personnel questions that on the trip up didn’t seem to matter.  Each of them became unsure of how they felt or how to act and from the outside it may have seem that these two people had not been working together long.  However, when the time came for them to perform and impress the official members with their knowledge of their company they were both outstanding.
Debbie was surprised at herself for her behaviour and confidence.  James was right she thought it wasn’t as hard and she did really know lots about the company she worked for.
As soon as their table had been judged they were advised to put their leaflets back into boxes as the hall can get draughty, particularly when the doors are opened first thing.  The last thing the organisers wanted was for everyone’s hard work to be blown around the hall.  So once the table had been cleared of all their pamphlets they headed for the car.  James inputted the post code for the hotel and the sat nav effectively got them to the hotel with plenty of time to spare before dinner.
‘Looks like our rooms aren’t anywhere near each other.’  He sounded disappointed as they walked up the stairs and saw the sign of which direction their rooms were.  James’s room was off to right and Debbie’s was to the left, both through swing fire doors.  ‘What number are you and I’ll come collect you for dinner, say at 6pm?’
‘144.  OK how about 5:45 and then we can have a drink before dinner and make sure we get a table.’  Debbie replied while starting to push through the swing door.  
‘Yes good plan, I’ll see you then.’  He said and yet he didn’t make much movement to go through the door towards his room until Debbie looked back.  She looked at him and smiled before motioning with her hand to suggest he needed to get moving.
The room was a typical hotel room with a nice sized double bed, two seated sofa, dresser/desk with a box television set and kettle with drink facilities.  Right I’ve got just over half an hour to get ready both thought as they each stood in the doorway to their own rooms, while wondering what the other was doing.  
The knock came as a shock to Debbie as she stood before the bathroom mirror straightening her hair.  Her GHDs were her best investment; they got her hair straight quickly, yet effectively.  ‘Hang on!’ She called as she brought the irons down the length of her hair at the front.  Placing them carefully on the bathroom sideboard she came to the door and peered through the peep hole.  There stood James looking as though he was ready for work, simply missing a tie.  Butterflies suddenly appeared in her stomach as she reached for the door handle and in a very odd fashion, she poked her head around the bathroom door to double check her appearance in the mirror.  Content with the look that she had been staring at for the past ten minutes she opened the door to her room.  ‘Hi, I’m just about ready.’
‘Huh?’ He commented, chuckling as he stepped forward into the room.  Debbie moved back into the bathroom as he said, ‘I thought you said about having a drink before dinner?’  His tone was playful, but sarcastic and she stuck her tongue out as she finished off straitening her hair.  Leaning against the bathroom door he watched and continued talking, ‘They are quite nice rooms and the showers are pretty powerful?’
‘Yeah, I never like showers that feel like you’re being urinated on.’  She looked back in the mirror at James to see him cock an eyebrow and smile, ‘Right that’s my hair done’ and with that she turned the irons off and unplugged it from the wall.
‘You look lovely.’  James said as he moved off into the main room allowing Debbie to come out and put her straighteners on the side to cool down.  ‘Ready?’  Again his voice suggested that he wasn’t entirely convinced that the answer would be yes, but when Debbie said, ‘Just gotta put some shoes on,’ he was pleasantly surprised.  Sam was a nightmare for getting ready and he was quite impressed that a woman could get ready for dinner within half an hour.  ‘Amazing,’ was the only word he could think of.
‘I said 5:45 and well,’ putting on her watch she said, ‘five minutes late isn’t too bad for me.  I had a bit of an issue with the hair dryer supplied by the hotel.  I always say that I won’t bring mine, but I’ve had heaters dry my hair quicker!’
James wasn’t sure how to comment on that as he was attempting to picture her drying her hair with a heater and was failing miserably.  Instead he opted for, ‘Right, got the card?’  Holding it up she slipped her feet into her stiletto heels and nearly lost her balance in the meantime.  She wasn’t one for flat shoes and even though she had opted to wear her dark blue jeans to dinner she knew that the heels would give her more confidence than wearing trainers.  James put his hand out to steady her as if it was the most natural thing to do, and he was surprised to find her take hold of his hand.  When they realised what had happened they both tried to act cool and not instantly pull away.  They failed miserably and both looked at the floor before hurriedly moving to door.
In the restaurant both felt slightly over dressed, as the other customers were mainly families and other people that Debbie recognised from the NEC.  They looked at each other and grinned while waiting by the ‘please wait here to be seated’ sign.  As they stood Debbie picked up a menu and started have a look through.  James leaned into her and said, ‘Put it back Debs.  Can you not wait until we get seated?’
Rolling her eyes she said, ‘Alright Dad, just having a gander to see what kind of things they have on offer and what we’ll be able to get with the money Fiona left for us.’  She nudged him with her closest elbow and put the menu back in the stand just as a waiter appeared to ask if it was just the two of them dinning tonight.  Debbie held back the urge to say that more people were joining them and followed behind James and the waiter to their table.
The waiter read through the specials and as per usual James didn’t really take them in and relying on Debbie to be able to retell him once the waiter walked off.  ‘What were the specials?’
‘Huh?’ Debbie was looking through the menu as she spoke.
‘Debs, the specials?’  He said with a stern look on his face.
His voice suggested that he wanted Debbie to listen so she looked up from the menu and gave her best facial effort of taking notice and said, ‘Some kind of soup and something about beef.  I think he said that they are written down somewhere,’ she looked back down at the menu grinning as she said, ‘there’s more than enough choice here.’
James stared at the top of Debbie’s head as she began to read the menu again, amazed at how matter of fact she was and realised how much Sam does for him whenever they go out for dinner.  It took him a few seconds before he turned his attentions back to the menu to decide what he wanted to eat for dinner.
‘Red or white?’  Debbie asked as she scanned through the wine list.
‘I prefer red.’
‘OK, then I’ll have the steak and not the fish.’
‘Oh well, if you’d rather have the fish I don’t mind having white wine.’
‘No its OK, that was the deciding factor of what I was going to have, as I couldn’t choose between the two dishes.  They both sound lovely.  What are you going for?’  She folded up her menu in front of her and looked over the table at James.
‘Not sure, think I’ll have the steak as well.’
‘Marvellous.’  Debbie said and looked round to gain the eye of the waiter.
After ordering their food and drink the conversation turned to work and what they were hoping to achieve the following day.  Debbie wandered if James was having issues with talking to her about anything but work.  As if talking about their interests might lead to events that were best kept quiet.  So Debbie decided that she was going to steer the conversation that way because she still needed to know, as he had changed how he acted around her since she said what she said.  She needed to discover if that meant that he liked her liked her or simply realised he liked her or wasn’t interested even if he did.
‘So tell me James,’ she began as the waiter lowered the main course plates and refilled their wine glasses, ‘how did you and Sam meet?’
Slightly shocked by Debbie’s change in conversation he wasn’t sure how to answer.  He wasn’t overly comfortable talking about Sam, particularly since he’d spent most of the day wondering what Debbie would be like to have as a girlfriend.  ‘We went to school together.’  He finally said as he cut a piece of steak and quickly started to eat so that his ability to speak was greatly reduced.
‘Ah that’s sweet.  Like childhood sweethearts.’
‘Humm…’ I guess it couldn’t hurt to tell her the story, it’s not as if anything is likely to happen between us.  He thought as he chewed.  He looked at her and pondered, she’s pretty much made it clear that she doesn’t want anything more now that she knows I’m not available.  He swallowed, lowered his cutlery and began to speak, ‘Yeah our parents were friends and so we spent weekends and summer holidays together ever since we were about eight years old.  We went to the same schools right up until A-levels and then when I went to University she got into college nearby to do her GNVQ in tourism.’
‘Wow that’s quite amazing.  I’ve never really had that in a relationship.  I’ve got a male friend that I have known for years and we’ve nearly got together a couple of times.’  She waved the fork slightly as she spoke, ‘But each time we’ve come to the conclusion we are better off as friends then lovers.’  She lowered her head realising she had most probably said too much.
‘Are you still close?’
‘Yeah, and he’s useful for either pretending to be my boyfriend or to size up a bloke before I go out on a date with him.  I guess you could say he’s like a brother to me.’
‘Have you got any siblings?’  He felt more comfortable with this topic of conversation and he was amazed by how much information she was willing to divulge.
‘An older brother and sister, although I don’t see much of my sister these days.’  When she saw the usual cocked eyebrow she smiled and said, ‘Yep I’m the baby of the family by quite a bit as well, the fabulous mistake as my father tells me from time to time.  How about you?’
‘Just a younger brother, about your age actually.  Your 23 aren’t you?’
‘Try twenty-seven.’  She replied with a satisfied smirk.
‘Really?’  James said as both this eyebrows raised in amazement.
‘Like I said before, I’m not that much younger than you.’  She gave him a cheeky smile.
‘So would your friend like me?’
‘If you were single, maybe.  We have lots in common, but he would frown on having a work relationship because of you being my supervisor.  He would say that it might be construed that I was trying to further my career by being with you or that you were abusing your position.’  Debbie rolled her eyes, but knew that she felt that way as well.
‘So would it?’
‘What?’  She knew what he meant.  She hated the fact he was trying to find out what he was missing out on without actually saying anything.  ‘No, I would rather get further up the ladder on my own skill and knowledge, than because I have the ability to give someone pleasure.  Besides I try to avoid going out with someone I work with, not because of the rumours,’ she shrugged, ‘just because I believe that its nicer to go home to someone and tell them about your day, then the person already knowing how your day has been.’
‘Oh right.’  Even though James knew that the conversation was based on a hypothetical event, he felt slightly deflated by the fact that she may not even go out with him, even if she could.  Which he guessed was understandable, although also slightly odd.
The two decided to turn from talking to eating and the conversation went more to talking about the meals and the wine. 
 ‘Would you like to see the dessert menu?’  The waiter inquired upon taking away the clean plates.
‘Umm...’ Debbie looked at James and then turned her gaze to the waiter upon seeing James grin from ear to ear, ‘Yes please, that would be lovely, thank you.’  Looking back at James she pushed for information regarding Sam, ‘So when did you and Sam get married?’
She really isn’t going to let this drop.  James said pursing his lips slightly.  He breathed out slowly thinking, Well Fiona did say that we needed to get this sorted and I might as well be truthful, if I’ve learnt anything from Sam it would be that!  ‘Well as I said, Sam ended up going to a college near my university to study.  Hers was only a two year course and as mine was three, so she decided to take an optional working gap year after the first year, which meant we would be finishing at the same time.  The only thing was it was up in Sheffield and by Christmas we decided that it might be best to separate for the remainder of the year.’  Debbie looked at him with concern over this, ‘Oh don’t worry Debbie, it was a mutual thing and not because either one of necessarily wanted to be with someone else.  More of a financial thing, we couldn’t afford to go up and see each other and she had to get a second job, which meant she couldn’t come home during the first half term.  I was also busy with my studies and I guess in a way we had found it hard to go out and not be tempted when drunk.  As I said, we are like best friends and even now we can understand each other’s meanings without explaining ourselves.’
‘Sometimes I wish I had that.’ Debbie commented.
‘Do you and your friend…’ he paused and Debbie filled the blank ‘Ben’, he continued, ‘Ben, not have that kind of connection then?’
Looking about the room and back towards James she said, ‘Sometimes, but its slightly biased in that Ben is very good at reading body language’
‘Oh right.’
‘Well it can also be a hindrance.’
James swallowed before continuing.  ‘Anyway, in the last year we started off just being friends, but pretty soon we were back to being a couple.’  The waiter arrived with the menus and each of them thanked him before James continued, ‘Then a few years later, just after I had turned twenty-five, I decided that we should get married.  It seemed like the next logical step and I had never met anyone that I connected with as well as Sam.’  His face blushed and quietly he added, ‘Until I met you.’  Debbie looked up with half an icy stare and half confused, which caused James to start to backtrack, ‘That is to say,’ but he couldn’t think of what to say.
Shaking her head slightly Debbie realised that he was simply trying to respond to her advancements the other week.  ‘Umm… what do you fancy for dessert?’
James quickly scanned the menu, although he could not focus on words.  He felt young and single and all he really wanted to do was say you, as that is all he really wanted for dessert.  He drained the last of his wine and responded to Debbie’s question, ‘You know what?  On second thoughts I feel quite full.’
‘Yes, I guess I am too really and we do have quite a big day tomorrow.’  She took another sip at her wine, she thought she might be able to finish it, but there was a little too much left for her to do in a lady like manner.  She suddenly felt very aware of her presence and could not work out if James was a player or if he spoke the truth, in that he really did like her enough to risk his marriage over telling her.  She looked around for the waiter and catching his eye raised her hand to indicate that she wanted to speak with him.  He moved to the table swiftly and upon arrival Debbie said, ‘I’m afraid we’ve discovered that we cannot actually fit anymore in and would simply like the bill.’
‘Not a problem, I’ll go get it.  Will you be paying by card?’  The waiter asked looking between the two sat at the table.
‘I’ve got a company card, is it ok for me to sign for it?’
The waiter thought for a moment and then responded, ‘Ah OK not a problem, we’ll take an imprint of the card and then you can settle when you check out.’
‘Ah that’s marvellous.’  Debbie lifted her bag and retrieved the card and handed it to the waiter.
While the waiter went to take an imprint of the card Debbie turned to James and said, ‘James, I never meant to make you choose between your wife and myself.’
‘No I know, and I apologise for making the end of this dinner awkward.  I simply meant that I get on so well with you, like I do with Sam, and I guess until you said about how you felt, I had not thought about it.  Since then though, I’ve noticed just how incredible you are.’
Debbie couldn’t help but blush and as the waiter arrived she quickly composed herself, took the piece of paper and signed her life away.  She handed the pen and paper back with a ‘Thank you.’  It was to both parties, but as she was facing the waiter she thought it unlikely that James would suspect she was also thanking him.
As they stood from the table, there was awkward silence as neither was sure what to say or do.  James felt an urge to take Debbie by the hand and Debbie did not want to look at James in case she misread a signal and ended up causing more confusion between the two of them.  Neither really spoke on the journey up to their floor and as Debbie walked through the swinging doors towards her room, she was about to say goodnight when she found that he had already gone down towards his room.  She was not sure what to do, so she decided that perhaps he had said too much and simply wanted to get to bed.  She tried not to think about it and continued onto her room.  She had just started to undress when she heard a faint knock at her door.  Rebuttoning her shirt she slowly walked to the door and checking the peep hole and saw that it was James.
James stood waiting the other side of the door.  He could hear movement in the room.  His palms were sweaty and he had no idea why he was stood outside her door.  When he got to his room he phoned Sam.  He told her that they had set up their table fine and that the hotel was nice and the food had been very tasty, but as he hung up he felt bad for how he had left things after dinner with Debbie.  Slowly the door before him opened and there she stood, she had removed her makeup and it looked as though she had started to get undressed.  He wandered what her routine for bed was and then realised that neither had spoken.  He cleared his throat and said, ‘Sorry to disturb you Debbie.’  He looked momentarily at the floor, he caught a glimpse of a shrug and a murmur of ‘no worries’ and then continued, ‘I just wanted to wish you goodnight, as we came up the stairs I thought I had better ring Sam otherwise she would be worried only to then realise that I had said nothing to you.’
Finally Debbie found her voice. ‘It’s ok, I just assumed that you were tired and wanted to get to bed.  I had only just started to get ready myself.’
‘Again I’m sorry, I do not like to go to bed with bad feelings in the air, especially with the day we have tomorrow.  We are going to be in each other’s company all day and I couldn’t bear it if we were not on speaking terms.’
‘Think nothing of it James, if you didn’t know already I don’t hold grudges and even if I am not comfortable on personal terms with someone, I can easily push these feelings aside and ensure that the job still gets done.’
‘Yes I thought as much.  These last few weeks, where I have been an arse, you have still managed to get the work done and make the appearance that there is nothing the matter.’
She gave a small curtsey, ‘To all but those that we work with.’
He brought his hands together and rubbed them nervously, ‘Yes, I guess so.’  As he looked down at his hands, Debbie pushed the door open wide and made sure that it wouldn’t swing back, crossed the distance between the two of them.  She pushed her hands underneath his armpits and pulled him into as big a bear hug.  James instantly smiled and wrapped his arms around her shoulders and hugged her back.
As Debbie pulled back she said, ‘There friends and no harm done.’
They stepped apart and resisting the urge to kiss her he said, ‘I’m glad and wish you a good night sleep.’
‘Yes and to you.  Shall we meet at the top of the stairs at 8am?’
‘Yes, sounds good.  Goodnight.’  He brought his left hand up and gave a short wave as he walked back down towards his room.
Debbie simply closed the door, undressed and got into bed.  Still completely confused by the whole evening’s events she turned the light off and after a few minutes had fallen fast asleep.
~ Chapter 5 – The Day of the Conference ~

In the middle of her dream Debbie could hear a bell ringing.  No it wasn’t a bell it was just a ringing noise.  Slowly she began to realise that the noise was not in her dream, but coming from inside her room.  Panic brought her quickly awake, as she suddenly realised she was not in her own bed and that the bell was not her normal telephone ring.  Reality came quickly and the memory of the hotel and the reason for the trip came into being.  She leant over and picked up the receiver, ‘Hello’ her throat felt very dry from the wine and lack of water.
‘Debs, you ok?’
‘James?’
‘Yes.’  There was a pause before he continued, ‘Are you ok?  When you weren’t at the top of the stairs I came down to your room and tried knocking.  There was no answer, which is when I came back and tried ringing your room.’
‘How many times have you tried calling?’  She winced while she waited for the answer.
‘It’s only the second time.’  He had a slight tone of amusement at her sound sleeping ability.
‘I’m so sorry James, I’ll be ready really quick just come down.’  As the words came out of her mouth she regretted them.  Oh stupid women how thoughtless, but she was surprised to hear, ‘OK I’ll give you a few minutes then I’ll come and make sure you haven’t fallen back asleep.’
Debbie chuckled, hung up and shot up, quickly washed and was just getting into her trouser suit when she heard a knock at the door.  As she opened she said, ‘Well if that was the amount of noise you made this morning it is hardly surprising that I didn’t wake up!’  They both smiled and on each side they felt good about the day, still slightly nervous of their feelings for each other and what those feelings could lead to.
They each had a cooked breakfast, a cup of coffee and orange juice.  Their conversation revolved around the conference and how they were going to sell the company’s products with just their stall.  Debbie was still quite nervous, but James’s confidence and knowledge was helping to calm her.  They got to the event hall with plenty of time and so could make sure that their pamphlets were correctly aligned and that they had enough bottles of water behind the boards so that they didn’t get dehydrated.  The first few hours went slowly, with only a few people wandering around.  However, as lunch-time approached the place began to buzz and a few times Debbie became overwhelmed by the amount of people.  Groups were starting to form around each table, including theirs.  Thankfully Debbie found that she was able to talk about all their products and recommend their services to lots of different people, always keeping a smile on her face.  She even managed to sort out with another small firm that they might be able to work together on some aspects of their company and made an appointment for them to come to their offices to discuss in more detail at a later date.
It wasn’t until 2pm that the crowds slowed and both managed to get a breather and actually speak to one another.  ‘Shall I go and get some lunch as you went and got it yesterday?’  James said after taking a drink from his bottle of water.
Placing a hand on the centre of his chest she said, ‘No it’s ok, you’re the main selling man of this company so you had better stay here.’  She knew she was flirting with him and she guessed it came from the confidence the last few hours had given her.
His hand came up and covered hers, ‘You’re not doing too bad yourself.  You’re the only one that’s managed to get a contact!’  His smile was wide as they looked at each other.
She quickly took her hand away and said, ‘Still got three hours for you to up the stakes?’  She grabbed her bag and headed for the reception area to get their complementary lunch.  
As she was choosing a selection of food for the two of them, her mobile started ringing in her pocket.  It had been so loud and busy in the hall that she had completely forgotten that it was in her pocket.  Fiona Debbie thought as she looked at the screen.  All sorts of things ran through her head at why her boss was ringing before she finally answered.
‘Hi Debbie,’ Fiona sounded as though she was on speaker phone.
‘Hi Fiona, how’s it going?’  Debbie was trying to balance the two plates and hold her mobile in the crook of her neck.  Upon finding a clear table, she decided to unload her hands so that she could speak properly.
Back in the office Fiona attached her earpiece and transferred the call so that she could continue with her work while she spoke to Debbie with a bit more privacy.  Being lunchtime there was no one in the office, yet she was never trustworthy of the walls.  ‘Not too bad, it’s Tuesday and it’s not close enough to the weekend.’  Both girls chuckled before Fiona continued, ‘How’s the conference going?’
‘Really well, I thought that it was going to be a bit slow as there wasn’t many people this morning, but it picked up around midday and only now have I been able to get away from the stall to get some food.  I have managed to get some other small businesses possibly on board and they are coming down over the next few weeks to talk through the particulars.’  Taking a breath she tried to slow her words as she continued, ‘We’ve also had a couple of people set up standing orders to help shift their goods as they are tired of using the big name couriers.’
‘That’s brilliant news Debbie!  I knew I could count on you two to increase our name and products.  How has the new product range gone down?’
‘I’ll have to let James talk to you about that, as I still cannot quite get my head round it.  I do know he’s been talking to quite a few people about it and I referred some people to him once I had said as much as I knew.’  She bit her bottom lip over and awaited the response.
‘Ah not a problem Debbie, I’m sure that you still got them intrigued.  Is James there with you?’
‘No, I’ve left him back at the stall so that we don’t miss any prospective clients, as there are still a few wandering about and trickling in through the front doors.’  She looked around as if to check that what she was saying was indeed true.
‘Good idea.  Incidentally how are things going between the two of you?’  Fiona stopped responding to emails and focused on giving Debbie the best advice to their situation.
‘Better.’  Debbie was reluctant to talk about the previous night, as part of her was still embarrassed of how she spoke to James and the feelings that both of them were obviously experiencing.  ‘Well we’re back to laughing and joking anyway and we’ve got our report back for chatting with the clients and other companies.’
‘Well that’s good.  Have you decided what you want?’  Fiona thought she would push the questions as she felt it was important that they not only sorted out their feelings, but also that she showed that whatever their decision she would not judge them for it.
Debbie went quiet, unsure of how to answer.  She knew that Fiona meant well but at the end of the day she was her boss.  Debbie was well aware that she knew Sam outside of work and as much as she knew that Fiona would not openly judge, she was unsure if she might make things difficult.  She chose to be honest as she said, ‘I cannot have what I want and it’s really down to James as it’s his life that is going to be affected the most.  I’ve told him that whatever he chooses I am capable of changing my behaviour accordingly.’  
‘Fair enough.  I thought as much, as I could see it wasn’t really you that was showing the issue at work.’  Debbie felt a sudden relief that Fiona actually knew more then what she let on.  ‘Whatever happens though Debbie, I will only judge you on your work performance.’
‘Thank you Fiona.  Well I had better get this food back to James before we both faint from lack of food.’
‘OK not a problem.  Can you get James to ring me when he’s finished eating?  Just want to find out how he feels the event is going.’
Debbie knew that part of that was true.  She also wanted to make sure James knew what he wanted.  ‘Yeah no worries see you when we get back on Thursday.’
‘Did James not tell you?  I don’t want to see you until the following Monday, you’ll need to have some time off after today.  You may not feel it now but in the morning you will feel like you’ve run a marathon, then you’ve gotta pack up and come home.’
‘OK.’  Debbie was confused and wondered why James hadn’t mentioned it.  ‘Thanks for that Fiona.  I may still drop in and give you the report and make sure that the appointments I’ve made for next week won’t clash with too many things.’
‘Fair enough Debbie, well I’ll see you when I see you.  Bye for now.’
‘Bye.’  Debbie locked the keypad and dropped her mobile back into her pocket.  She picked up the two plates and after putting a few more sausage rolls and triangle sandwiches on, she headed back to their stall.  On returning, James was busy with a group of people so she snuck around the back and off loaded the plates.  She got her little mirror out of her bag and checked that she still looked acceptable before returning to the floor and helped to move the crowds onto the next table.  Once they had moved off, she disappeared around the back again to get a few mouthfuls of food.
Debbie was halfway through a tuna and cucumber sandwich when James’ head appeared.  ‘Hello?’  He said.  She smiled back, unable to speak, ‘Ah brilliant selection!’  And with that he grabbed a sausage roll and put the whole thing in his mouth.  She couldn’t help but chuckle, unfortunately it also meant that she nearly choked herself on the last bit of sandwich.  ‘What?’ His mouth still full he jokingly nudged her.  After swallowing he returned to the front to allow Debbie to eat and when she finished she came around the front to give James a break, although the crowds had really thinned out in the last half an hour so, so she didn’t feel quite so nervous.
As a customer walked away and James said ‘Thank you for enquiring.’, she snuck up behind him and getting her forefingers ready she quickly jabbed him in the ribs.
‘Ah!’  James practically jumped out of his skin and playfully waved as some people turned t to look at him.  With their attention gone, he quickly turned, ‘Knew it was you!’  He exclaimed taking Debbie into a gigantic bear hug grinning from ear to ear.
‘Fiona asked if you could ring her when you have your break.’  Debbie said as she pulled away from the hug, smoothing out her shirt and redoing her hair into a tight bun on the back of her head.
‘OK, I’ll go now as I’ve needed a pee for about two hours and now that the crowds are finally subsiding I think you’ll be fine.’  James gave Debbie a smile and walked off to the front entrance.  Just before he rounded the corner and went out of eye shot of the stall, he had a quick look back to check on Debbie.  She had her huge smile on her face and wasn’t pushy as people came to look at the stall.  As he watched he realised that she really was amazing and then when he noticed he was in fact staring, he continued onto the main entrance, nearly walking straight into the corner stall.
‘Hi Fiona its James.’  He subconsciously straightened his tie as he spoke just in case she could see him.
He heard her transfer the call to her ear piece as she said, ‘Ah James, thank you for ringing.’
‘Not a problem, I managed to get a toilet break and thought I’d ring you before I go back and have some food.’  He looked back to the toilet queue and was glad he got in when he did, he thought it was long when he got there, but now it was bordering on looking like a line for the women’s.
‘How do you think it is going?’
‘Really good, we’ve had quite a lot of interest in the stall.  The posters have been a real puller.  I take it Debs said to you about her contacts she’s managed to line up some future meetings with.’
‘Yes, she’s done what I thought she would.’
‘Really?’
‘Yes, I thought sending her would bring her out of her shell a bit.  She’s got it in her to be a really persuasive salesperson.’
‘You know she doesn’t really enjoy doing it though?  To be honest I did wonder why you sent her to this conference, but she is very good at subtly getting people interested in our products and it helps that she’s naturally beautiful.  She’s really nice with everyone and listens to their needs and then lets them know truthfully how we would be able to help them.’
‘Alright lover boy!  I’m well aware of her talents.’ Fiona chuckled at the end of the phone, ‘Glad you finally see what I’ve seen since I decided to accept her application.’  Keys could be heard tapping at the other end, ‘I look forward to hearing about it when you come in next week.  I take it you had forgotten to tell Debbie this’ she heard James groan, ‘So, she’s coming in on Friday as she’s got to plan the meetings out, but I’ll give her a day next week.’
He’d been chewing on his lip and mumbled, ‘Oh right, we were going to come back tomorrow?’  
‘So you two have sorted everything out?’
‘Huh?’ James tried to sound as though he didn’t understand the question.  He had known Fiona for a long time and the fact that she was Sam’s friend didn’t help the conversation.
‘You know exactly what I mean.  I sent you two up there not only because you have a connection, which means that you sell really well together.  I hate the fact that there is more, because Sam is a very dear friend of mine.  Yet when I see you and Debbie together, you change for the better and it’s not to say that you don’t with Sam but…’
James cut in, ‘Sam and I are more together because we fit together and it was the next logical step in our relationship.’  He suddenly forgot who he was talking to, ‘Debbie’s amazing and it’s not that I don’t love Sam anymore it’s just that I’ve realised that there is something more out there.  And it’s not just sexual in fact last night I went to her room and…’
‘James I don’t really want to know!’  Fiona had gone a bright red at the other end of the telephone line.
‘Nothing happened Fiona,’ he cleared his throat realising what he had said but felt that he needed to make his point, ‘I stood there and had no idea what to do.  She looked so beautiful and I felt like a teenager again.’
‘Oh James, I had no idea you felt like this!’  She realised that even though she might have instigated this.  She had thought that it was just a sexual thing and that if he got it out of his system he could go back to Sam and they would be fine.
‘I didn’t either at first.  I thought it was just because she was young and intelligent and I only fancied her because I couldn’t have her.  As we drove up and then all today I’ve caught glimpses of her and my brain loses focus and all I want to do is…’  He paused for what felt like minutes, but was only a few seconds, ‘hold her.’
Fiona was stunned and there was a long pause as she thought of what to say. ‘Look, and I cannot believe I am suggesting this, but why don’t you stay up there for another day and night.  Get to know each other just don’t sleep with her.’
James didn’t know what to say.  It was a brilliant idea, but he would hate lying to Sam.  She hated him going away anyway and I’m sure if she knew he was there alone with another women she would go completely spare at him.  ‘What about Sam?’  He had meant to say it in his head, but the words came out of his mouth.
‘I won’t say anything and I won’t use it against you at a later date.  To be honest you and Debbie are my best workers and I would rather you were happy outside of work as well as at work because then you work better. It might also make you remember why you married Sam.’
James was slightly confused at how spending time with Debbie would remind him of Sam, yet he was relieved.  He decided he had better finish the conversation and get back to Debbie.  ‘Better go now then Fiona.’
‘OK bye James and remember make sure you both want it before you make any rash decisions where Sam is concerned.’
‘Right O.’ As he hung up and started making his way back to the stall, he thought over what he was going to say to Debbie.  However, his plans didn’t quite happen straight away because when he arrived she was in the middle of talking to a young lad that he recognised as one of the other companies selling at the conference.  He didn’t make eye contact with either and went straight behind the notice boards to get some food and sort out what he was going to say to her.
‘…would you two be interested in joining us for dinner?’  James heard the lad say to Debbie.
‘Yes I don’t see why not, we haven’t anything else planned for this evening.’ Her voice sounded calm and James’s heart started to beat harder at the sound of it.
‘I just thought that the two of you might want some time to yourselves and make use of your hotel room.’  The lad said jokingly and James smirked at the idea as he did hope that things might go that way.
‘Oh God, James and I aren’t an item!’  The words hit James like a knife and he turned his head and stared at the backs of the notice boards while Debbie continued, ‘We are just work partners, he’s married to someone else besides his job.’  They both laughed, but James couldn’t see what was funny about the statement.  She’s flirting with him!  Did she not see me come back here? James wondered.
‘So…’ at this news the lad obviously decided to press his luck, ‘Is there a significant other in your life?’
Yes Me!  James mouthed and almost missed Debbie’s answer, ‘Only if you count work.  What about you?’ James almost walked around front to stop the conversation, but decided that it might not be the best way to win Debbie over.
‘Same, plus when your team is 100% male it’s a bit hard to find a lady.’
There seemed to be an awkward silence and James couldn’t take it anymore.  He knew he had no right to be jealous, but he wanted Debbie and he wasn’t going to let some young, most probably pimpled faced, kid destroy his chances.  So he walked behind the next seller’s table and down towards the fire exit before returning to their stall from the front.  He might be jealous, but he wasn’t about to make the annoying child or Debbie feel uncomfortable, knowing that he may have overheard.  ‘Hey Deb.’  He said as he came closer, she turned and smiled at him Ha see I make her smile as soon as he thought it he regretted it.
‘Hi James, did you manage to speak to Fiona?’  She had extended her hand and touched the side of his arm as he came close, she suddenly felt guilty for talking to Jason and for some reason wanted to make physical contact with James.
‘Yeah, she said that we didn’t need to come in till next week.’  While he spoke he tried not to look at the young lad stood staring at him.
‘Yes she said, but I’ll be going in on Friday anyway.’ Debbie suddenly said looking between the two men either side of her, ‘James this is Jason, he works for Simplicity, one of the other traders here that I’ve set up some meetings with.’
Both men held out their hands and shook, each noting the strength and length of the handshake.  ‘Nice to meet you.’ James said quickly to be sure the first to make the niceties.
‘Nice to meet you too.’  Jason said 
After they released hands, Debbie noticed that he seemed to stand as tall as possible.  Between the two of them, James was a well-built man and a couple of inches taller than Jason.  Jason looked like he was a little over twenty years old and despite his well-groomed hair and face; he had nothing on James’ chiselled jawline. 
Suppressing a smile Debbie said, ‘Jason was just saying we should join them for dinner as we’re all staying at the same hotel?’ 
‘Thought I recognized you.’  James made a mock smile at Jason, ‘That sounds like a good idea, it’s been quite a successful day and it’s always good to increase ones contacts.’
‘OK brilliant.  I’ll go back and let the others know and when this delightful event is over we’ll decided when we’ll meet.’  He gave both of them a smile being sure to catch Debbie’s eye before leaving.
As he walked off James said, ‘He can’t be more then twelve.’
‘Green doesn’t suit you!’  As he looked questionably at Debbie she gave him a look that suggested she knew exactly what was going on. ‘It will be good for the company if we can get them on side and get them using us as a supplier for their business.’  She turned and reorganised the pamphlets so that they once again flowed in arches across the table.
Without thinking James came up behind Debbie and wrapped his arms around her chest, she didn’t flinch and didn’t push him away, ‘I’m sorry Debbie, I know I shouldn’t have any reason to be jealous.  You’ve done something to me and I would like us to stay up here another day and night so that we can find out if there is something or if it is just lust.’
As Debbie turned, James loosened his grip, but didn’t move away.  ‘And Sam?’
‘Let me worry about that.  I know it’s not right.  I don’t want to go home and not know.’  He looked her deep in the eyes and if they hadn’t been in the middle of a busy hall he would have kissed her.  Instead he brought his hands and squeezed each arm.
Debbie felt slightly better, but at the same time anxious that all he really wanted was to sleep with her and then return to his wife and she would be the ‘bit on the side’.  Then again if he had wanted to he would have done last night but he just stood there and she gave him every opportunity to but it was like he froze.  ‘I cannot talk about it now.  I’ll have a think about it.’  She went quiet for a while and they both turned to face the dwindling crowds, smiles and a sudden change in composure as they began their act once again.  After a few people had looked at the stall and either taken a pamphlet or had a short conversation with either James or Debbie, she moved to stand next to him and, without looking at him, said, ‘At dinner tonight try not to be a jealous boyfriend.  I’m not yours and even if I were, I am allowed to talk to other men because I’m not one for simply jumping into bed with the first man I come into contact with.’
He was going to respond with ‘I know’, but thought better of it, as Debbie was giving him a look that suggested that whatever he said she would not be happy with his response.  Instead he smiled at her and went back to watching the public go by.
The last hour didn’t go on as long as Debbie thought it would and as the crowds dwindled she started to pack the stall away, being sure to leave out a few pamphlets and company cards for any stragglers.  They hardly spoke, but every time they bumped or touch each other she felt her stomach knot and her skin tingle, in only the way that happens when nervous and love struck.  She wandered what he was thinking and feeling.  At the same time she couldn’t help but think of the wife he was deceiving.  If he does this to her, what will stop him doing it with me?
They loaded the car and she went back in to find out from Jason what time they would be able to meet up.  Like Just Packaging, Simplicity was also a small company so their stall wasn’t very large, but as Debbie quickly found out; the three lads were generally quite useless at organising themselves.
‘I’m surprised you guys managed to get it erected in time!’ Debbie smiled and stood a short distance away so as not to get hit by any falling posters.  The guys chuckled in a way that suggested they had not found her amusing as she continued with, ‘Jason, are you sure that you want us to join you for dinner?’
Jason’s head appeared from behind a poster he was unsuccessfully taking down and rolling up at the same time.  ‘Of course, we’re always like this at these events.’  He winked and said, ‘But we’ll be done in no time and we’ll meet you in the bar, at say 6:30?’
Debbie looked at her watch, and then seeing the annoyance on his colleague’s faces at how short a time Jason had given them she replied with, ‘How about seven at the entrance to the restaurant?’     She knew it wasn’t much more time, but she also didn’t want to eat too late.  Nodding at her, he turned and she returned to the stall.  She extenuated her hip movements, just in case any of them were watching her walk away.
The drive back to the hotel was relatively quiet as they had reverted back to not knowing what to say to each other.  Finally Debbie said, ‘I’ve arranged for us to meet Jason and his team at the entrance to the restaurant at seven.’
‘OK.’  James kept his eyes on the road and didn’t make any attempt at small talk.
Debbie bit her lip and then decided to say, ‘Shall we go for a drink beforehand?’  She looked over to him; however it wasn’t until he pulled into the parking bay of the hotel car park a few minutes later and pulled up the handbrake that he looked over at her.  She smiled and he smiled back.  Lifting his left hand he curled his finger around a stray piece of hair that had fallen out of her hair band.  
She shivered at his touch and in response rested her hand on his thigh before she spoke, ‘Come on we can chat once we’ve got out of these work clothes.’
‘Yeah.’ He replied quietly.  
Debbie thought it strange that he wasn’t his usual chatty self.  Debbie put it down to their earlier conversation and she wasn’t far wrong.  Since she had said that she didn’t want to talk about ‘them’ at the event he didn’t really want to talk to her in case he pushed her to talk before she was ready.  He didn’t know why he reached for her loose hair, but he was glad that she smiled when he did.
After that there was no awkwardness and both went back to talking about random things as they got out and went back into the hotel.  They parted at the top of the stairs and said that they would meet back there in an hour.  As James reached his door he took a step back to look down the corridor to see if Debbie had gone into her room.  When she didn’t look back he felt slightly deflated, but shaking his head he entered his room and started to get ready for the evening.
Debbie lent backwards against the door as it closed and stared into her hotel room.  She wasn’t sure what she was feeling.  All she knew was that when he touched her body she became immobile and didn’t want to make a move in case the feeling went away.  Is it all just lust though?  She pondered as she started to get unchanged and ready to go out.  She didn’t bother to hang up her suit as she normally would; her mind was on other things.  She climbed into the shower and as the hot water hit her body, goose bumps appeared all over her body, making her shiver.  God I’m horny  she thought and with that she began to wash herself and yet not in the normal way to just get clean.  She slowly caresses her body, massaging her shoulders in turn and up behind her neck.  Her hands found her pert breasts and begin to squeeze and rub them around the edge.  She had always like her size B breasts because they were almost perfectly round and didn’t droop.
She chuckled remembering at university how a group of them had done the pencil test to see who had the most pert boobs.  She and another girl won hands down but Debbie was the real winner because her friend sadly only had size A and she only really wore a bra to keep them warm in the winter.
Moving down to her belly she washed around her belly bar.  I don’t think James knows I have this or any other the other piercing she moved her right hand down to flick the ring that was in her clitoris, giving her a small orgasmic rush.  But she didn’t want to get too excited just yet so she began to wash her hair.  She felt like the girl from the herbal essence shampoo advert, except rather than moaning aloud her breathing got deeper and her smile widened.  The feel of the soap suds in her long wet hair and the power of the water on her breasts and belly were thrilling. She turned around to allow the water to wash out the shampoo, which sent shivers down her spine.  She hadn’t been this aroused for months, well at least since she was in Africa.  She still couldn’t let the water go over her face, so when she leaned back a bit too much in excitement, the whole moment finished abruptly as she sputtered out the water that risked going down her nose.  She moved forward quickly, gasping for breath and then realised what had happened.  She giggled at her own fear as she conditioned her hair.
Oh god why did I say that we should have dinner with them? She thought as she began to towel dry.  Although…. It would be interesting to see how serious James is about me.  I won’t make him too jealous, but I’ll just give him the opinion that it’s not only him that is interested in this gorgeous body!  She wiped the mirror with her towel so that she could have a better look at her body.  She had worked hard to get the flat stomach.
Down the corridor James had a quick shower and sat watching the television just in a towel when all of a sudden he realised that the meeting time was nearing and he hadn’t even started to get ready.  He knew it wouldn’t take him long, but he still felt that he should make some kind of effort, particularly now that there was competition.  I’ve got to try to ignore any flirtation between Debbie and that child.
Twenty minutes later James rushed downstairs and made his way through the restaurant to the bar at the back.  Walking up to Debbie he said, ‘Sorry Debbie.’ She was sat at the bar, with what looked like a cocktail glass in front of her.  After kissing her on the cheek said, ‘Lost track of time watching the television’.
‘No worries, what would you like to drink?’  She held out the company card and smiled, ‘We’ve still got about £120 left on here,’ she lent in close to speak quietly into his ear, James leaned in response, ‘they didn’t include our bottle of wine on last night’s bill.’
As they moved apart James mouthed ooo and raised his eyebrows in appreciation, ‘In that case shall we get another bottle?’  Then pointing to her glass, ‘Or do you want to have cocktails?  I see they have a list up here for an array of concoctions.’  He lent across the bar, brushing against Debbie, and picked up the bar menu.  She smells wonderful tonight.
Debbie finished off her drink as James chose another cocktail for each of them.  While they waited for the bar tender to create the mixes they chatted about what the proposed plan was with the Simplicity firm, so that James would know what selling point to go for.  With their drinks in hand, they made their way to the sofas that the hotel had situated in one corner of the bar to give a wine bar feel.  They still had twentyish minutes until the others were due to arrive and once their plan was sorted the conversation turned more to personal issues.
After taking another long drink from his green coloured cocktail James said, ‘So when do you move in?’
‘When we get back.’  Smiling she thought of the potential the little place had, ‘My landlords gave me quite a bit of furniture with the house and it’s alright stuff.  Eventually though, I want to give it all back to them and have my own stuff.’
‘Debbie,’ she turned in her one seater chair to see Jason and the rest of his company.
She brought up her hand and waving she responded, ‘Hi, ready to eat or do you guys want a drink first?’
They each looked at each other before Jason replied, ‘If you don’t mind we’d like to eat, after you left it got a lot more manic.’
‘OK, no worries.’ Before standing, both Debbie and James downed the last of their cocktails.
The waiter seated them on a circular table and Debbie found herself sat with James on her left and Jason on her right.  The others seated themselves and Jason did a quick introduction.  Debbie was terrible with names, but knew that James would remember their names and most probably what each of them ate.  Debbie returned the introductions and they each began to look at their menus.
‘I had the steak last night.’ James commented to the table at large.
‘Was it any good?’  Asked Colin, he one that sat opposite Debbie and had sandy blond hair.
Looking up from his menu James said, ‘It was ok.  I’m not really one for this cord-en-blue cooking.  When they brought it out I thought they wanted me to judge an art competition.’
Debbie giggled, ‘Yes it is a bit like that, but I am always amazed how much food is actually on the plate.’
‘Apart from gravy!’  One of Jason’s colleagues, Martin, said looking up and smiling at Debbie.  He had extremely black hair that covered most of his eyes as he spoke.
‘Oh, but the drizzle does make it look pretty!’  Debbie gave a coy smile and returned to looking at her menu.
‘Are we having three courses tonight?’ James said without looking up.
‘Yeah we can.’  Debbie turned to the lads and commented, ‘How about you guys?  I don’t want to appear rude we may have a company card, but I don’t think we can afford to feed you guys as well.  We’ll be happy to get a couple of bottles of wine for the table though.’  She knew it was a bit lame as she had suggested the meal, but this day and age with the current economic climate it would be stupid to assume that a small company would be able to take another small company out to dinner.  So she added, ‘or we could get a couple of pitchers of different cocktails, as they are always fun.’  She got a few half-hearted smiles and Colin looked at Jason as if to say that he had suggested Debbie would be paying for dinner tonight.
In response Jason said, ‘We tend to only go for main courses and dessert as we all prefer something sweet to something savoury.’
‘OK fair enough,’ James was the one to respond this time, ‘How about if we get the starters?’  Debbie’s head shot round and she was about to protest when he said, ‘I’m hungry and after today I’m sure you guys are really hungry too.  We may not be able to get the whole dinner, but I would like to have a starter and dessert.’
Debbie grinned realising that as usual he had done the sums and figured that the starters were not overly pricy so we would still have enough money left over to get drinks. ‘Good idea, what say you guys?’  It certainly put a few more smiles on their faces and all but Jason looked back down at the menu eager to have a rethink of what they were going to have.
‘That’s really kind of you to offer.’  Jason tried to gain Debbie’s attention, but all he got was a fleeting look and smile before she was looking through the menu again.
The waiter came and took their orders.  When they were finished deciding he repeated back the orders.  Before he walked off, Debbie said that they would be splitting the bill a bit oddly.  The man nodded and as he walked off she wandered if it would work.  Shrugging she thought she would try, as after a couple of glasses of cocktail she doubted any of them would be overly concerned about the bill.
A silence fell over the table as the gentlemen could not think of anything to talk about until James finally said, ‘Right shall we get the business talk out of the way before the dinner arrives?’ Debbie smiled at him and added, ‘Then we can save the idle chit chat for when we are eating.’
Nodding to his colleagues Jason replied, ‘Yes and before we have had too many cocktails to know what we are discussing.’  All those at the table gave a little laugh as Jason began dishing out the first pitcher of brightly coloured liquid into the small tumblers they had been given.
James started the ball rolling and for much of the discussion only Jason and James spoke, while the others moved their heads from side to side as if they were watching a game of tennis.  Every so often Debbie or Martin gave some input.  She decided that Martin seemed to have a similar role to her in the company.  Colin, the quietest of them all only spoke up to ask about costs, so Debbie guessed that he must be something to do with the financial side of the company.  James answered all questions directed at him but she did wish she had Marcus here to give a clearer picture.
As the meal arrived they had not come to much of a conclusion, there seemed to be lots of conflicts of interest and Debbie did begin to wonder if she had miss-judge the other company.  Although he would most probably told me anything to get to spend more time with me but oh well… She briefly went off into her own world as each of the plates were distributed looking between Jason and James.  Not listening to their words she tried to decide which she in fact preferred to sleep with.
They ate in near enough silence apart from the occasional question from different people finding out the superficial likes and dislikes.  Once or twice they hit a good subject and began chatting more freely.  Debbie ordered a few more jugs of different cocktails, helping to relax everyone at the table.  The conversation slowly became more intense and full of laughter and each forgot that this was actually a work related dinner.
During dessert Jason cut off a piece of his chocolate fudge cake and after stabbing it with his fork held it up and said, ‘Debbie, do you want to try some of my cake?’  He smiled as he moved the cake slightly towards her.
‘Na its ok, you’ve got cream over it and unfortunately I cannot eat it.’ She smiled and continued to eat her fruit salad with Greek yogurt while James and Martin quietly smiled to themselves at how easily Debbie had shot the poor boy down, but for very different reasons.  Martin had said that Debbie was out of Jason’s league and James was simply satisfied that he may still be in the running for chance of securing Debbie’s affections.
James shrugged off the set back and remarked, ‘well more for me then!’
After they finished their desserts, Debbie topped up everyone’s glasses.  Martin and Colin stayed to finish of their drinks, said their thank yous and headed for bed.  As the gentleman stood up from the table the waiter made his way over holding the bill and Jason signalled that he would sign for their meal.  After he did so, Debbie signed for theirs plus the starters of the others.  She could feel the warming alcohol starting to obscure her mental ability and was glad that they were signing when they did.
Moving her face between the two remaining gentlemen she said, ‘Shall we get another pitcher or just a single glass each?’
James said, ‘I can easily drink a few more.’
Almost instantly Jason said, ‘A pitcher each?’
Debbie feared that she had inadvertently caused a stage off between the men and pictured them with horns battling it out for the rights to mate with her.  She chuckled to herself and after seeing them give her quizzical looks thought that she had better cover herself.  ‘How about this, we get two more pitchers, I have one glass from each and you two drink the rest.’  She placed one hand on each of the men’s shoulders as she spoke before glancing over towards where the waiter now stood and only had to wait a few seconds before she managed to catch his eye.  ‘Please can we have one pitcher of Long Island Ice Tea and one A-Bomb pitcher?’
‘Certainly,’ The waiter said as he nodded his head, ‘shall I add it to your tab?’
‘Please and I’ll sign for it now.’
‘Certainly, I’ll bring the receipt when I bring the pitchers out.’
‘OK, thank you.’  She smiled at the waiter and he smiled back taking no notice of the other two that still remained at the table.  She felt slightly giddy with all this male attention she was receiving tonight, but at the same time she felt like she deserved it.  For nearly two years now she had intensively worked and rarely let her hair down and hadn’t even thought about being flirtatious.  ‘Right then, you two, shall we move back over to the comfortable chairs or would you rather sit at the table?’
James stood up, ‘I think the sofas would be much more comfortable, we’ve had a long day on our feet and as comfy as these chairs are they are not overly good for drinking in.’
James also stood and added, ‘Yes, shall we go?’ he held out his hand to help Debbie stand.  She took it and was glad she did, for as she stood she found that her legs were slightly more drunk then the rest of her body.  Although, she managed to stay composed and took the first steps past James releasing her hand from his.
At the new location, Debbie placed her drink opposite a single chair and turning she said to the two men following her, ‘I’m just going to visit the little girl’s room.’ The two men exchanged glances and smiled back at her, before sitting down on either side of the chair she had claimed.  She wandered what she would come back to; a war zone or if they would actual be able to get on.  To give them a bit more time as she walked towards the toilets she stopped at the bar and signed for the drinks that were being prepared and let them know that they had decided to retire to the comfy chairs.
‘Could I ask you a question?’  The waiter asked as she signed her name for what felt like the hundredth time.
‘Sure…’ she left a pause to indicate that she did not know his name.  This was one of the few places she had been that the staff had name badges but this place didn’t seem to have such things.
‘Matt.’ He took the receipt back off her before asking his question, ‘I realise that you are all business people, but those two gentlemen are particularly interested in you.  I wanted to let you know that if you are not interested and either become too much for you just give me the nod and I’ll make sure they do not bother you.’  His face looked sincere.
Debbie suppressed a giggle; the man was as thin as a rake and didn’t look intimidating in the slightest.  ‘Thank you for your concern Matt.  The one on the right I’ve work with for a while now, the other is a contact that we are trying to set up a business deal with.’  She placed her hand on his and finished off with, ‘Could I have a glass of tap water?’
‘Sure.’  He smiled at her and while he filled a large glass with water he looked over to the two gentlemen who seemed to be chatting.
‘So,’ James said after taking a gulp of his cocktail, ‘Debbie tells me that you are married.’
Doesn’t mean that I’m not going to try to stop you hitting on her, James thought while he said, ‘Yes, nearly a year, but we’ve know each other for most of our lives.’
‘Colin is married as well, but for about eight years and they got married not long after they met.’
‘Humm…’ James wasn’t entirely sure where to go from that so went for, ‘and yourself?’
James almost chocked on his drink, ‘God no, I’m far too immature and not one for settling down.  I feel that I am too young.’  They sat in silence for a while and Jason glanced over at the bar to see Debbie speaking to the waiter over the bar. ‘How long have you known Debbie?’
‘Just under a year.   She’s not interested.’
‘What in him, I wouldn’t have thought so.’  By the look he gave him, Jason knew that he meant him, but decided to ignore this evident protective nature of Debbie’s colleague.  ‘You seem very protective of her.’  Jason almost regretted saying it by the way James seemed to shift in his seat obviously unaware that his behaviour had been so apparent.
‘Ah well it’s hard not to.  Myself and another colleague of mine are like brothers to her.’
‘Ah well I’m glad he’s not here as well, otherwise I would feel like I was being chased out of town.’
James laughed and looked down into his drink before saying, ‘Sorry about that.  Considering we’re trying to build a business relationship with you.’  Jason also gave a bit of a laugh, ‘Look I’ll give you a tip, don’t be so forward with her.  She’s almost a laddette, but a bit more girly.  If she’s interested in you, she’ll let you know.’
‘Oh right.’  He felt slightly more at ease but wasn’t going to take his word as he had a feeling that James had a desire to have Debbie as more than just a sister.
They sat in silence until it was broken by Debbie arriving with the waiter, ‘Next lot of drinks have arrived.’  She walked between the chairs, placing a hand on James’s shoulder and giving Jason a smile before sitting in her chair and drinking some more of her last cocktail.
‘If you need anything else I’ll just be at the bar.’  Once again Matt was mainly looking at Debbie as he spoke.
This time James responded, looking over his left shoulder at him, ‘Thanks we may just need to know which way to walk when we’ve finished with this lot.’  They all chuckled and Matt gave a little bow before walking back to the bar.
After a few more glasses of quite strong cocktails, the mood became much more relaxed and Debbie was flirting to both sides of her and each were giving the attention back, yet still keeping an eye on one another.  By the time the last round was poured out Debbie was very much feeling the effects of the alcohol and feared she would not be able to stand, let alone walk to her room.
Jason looked over to Debbie as she drained the last of her glass, feeling the effects of the alcohol himself he feared that as her body mass was so small that she must be pretty hammered by now.  She had not drunk quite as much as him or James, but she had put away quite a bit.  He thought of the last time she went for a toilet break that her movements were not overly stable and wondered how she would fair with the stairs.
In that moment, Jason decided that he would not attempt to go for Debbie.  During their conversations, which went from general chit chat to work and then back again, he decided that in their drunken states all would be good.  However, in the cold light of day, as the alcohol wore off, embarrassment could make working together very difficult and his superiors would not look lightly on such behaviour, if it meant losing such a good client.  He only had a few more gulps left of his drink and decided to drain it and then he said, ‘Right I don’t think I can drink any more.  It’s been a delightful evening and I’m glad to be doing business with the pair of you.’
‘Oh go on.’ Debbie said holding up the pitcher that had his last glass in the bottom and smiling moved it towards his empty glass.
Jason’s hand short across his glass, which he almost misjudged where it was but managed to catch it just in time, ‘See,’ he said as he set the glass back down.  He took the pitcher from Debbie and setting it back down on the table said, ‘I’ve had a really good evening and thank you for getting us those…’ he brought his hand up to his mouth to cover a burp and all three start laughing.
‘Don’t mention it.’  Debbie said extending a hand and rubbing his knee.
Unfortunately it was more of a rub then a seductive touch and so he decided that he truly was a third wheel and really didn’t want to get involved with this obvious love affair.  ‘Besides unlike some people,’ he looked upwards and waved his hand in the direction of Debbie and James, ‘I’ve got to be back in work tomorrow afternoon, once Martin has driven back.  Somehow I think my boss will want to know all about these ‘new’ clients we’ve made contact with,’ again he gestured towards Debbie and James and in response Debbie smiled and James saluted from the top of his head.
‘I’ll speak to you Friday if that is ok?’  Debbie said as Jason made an unsteady move upwards into a standing position.
He extended his right hand to Debbie and when she went to shake it he twisted it slightly to kiss the top of it, ‘Yes.’ He looked into her eyes and regretted his decision, but as he stood and extended his hand to James and saw how she looked at him he knew that she had no real romantic interest in him.  James’s grip was strong, but did not have the same warning grip as earlier on in the evening.
‘Good to meet you Jason.’ James said, ‘Looking forward to working with you in the future.’ James was genuine in his farewell, mainly because after their earlier confrontation, but also because, as he had thought, Debbie had shown no interest in him throughout dinner and even when sat here she had only spoken to Jason to keep him included in the conversation.  As Jason walked out of the bar and up towards the rooms, James looked down to Debbie and said, ‘And then there were two’.
Holding up her glass she replied, ‘Cheers’.
Clinking his glass against hers he returned the gesture before saying, ‘And now it’s my turn to go to the little boys’ room’.
‘Did you not trust me to be alone with Jason?’
He chuckled, then with a stern expression he said, ‘I do not trust any man that has had alcohol and is in presence of a lady who has had a skin full herself.’
She pushed her hand against his leg in mocking reply.  As she did so she felt an odd sensation run through her fingers and as her hand snapped back as if she had felt a shock.  Quickly she used both hands to take another drink trying to cool her embarrassment.
James placed his glass on the table and as he walked behind her he placed a hand on her shoulder as he had felt the same sensation, but unlike her he wanted to feel it again.
Debbie had not been alone long before she was joined by Matt.  ‘Is there anything I can get you?’
‘Oh hello Matt.  Just some water would be great thank you.’  Still holding her drink in both hands she twisted her body to look at Matt and smiled.
‘Not a problem.  I see one of your party has gone.’
‘Yes its now just the one company now.’  She chuckled and Matt returned the laugh.
Matt arrived back with a glass of water at the same time that James returned from the toilet.  ‘Cheating are we Debbie?’
‘Hey I’m half the size you are!’  She exclaimed after thanking Matt and taking a sip of the cold water.  ‘Want some?’  She held the glass out towards James and without another word Matt returned to the bar.
‘Thanks.’  James took the glass and after swallowing nearly half of it he handed it back, ‘Looks like you’ve got yet another admirer.’
‘Oh shush, he’s actually concerned that you may try to take advantage!’ Playfully she pushed her left hand against his knee and swapped the glass of water for her cocktail.  Before she could take a sip though, James rested his hand on her arm and refilled her glass, mixing its contents with the new flavour.  Long Island Ice Tea was one of her favourite cocktails, but she feared that the amount of alcohol in such a drink could loosen her inhabitations a bit too much.  She looked over to James and found that he was looking at her over the top of his glass.  ‘What?’
His voice was low and sincere as he said, ‘You know that I would never try to take advantage, if anything I would be the perfect gentleman and make sure you drank water and got some sleep.’ He suddenly forgot himself and in spite of his forwardness went beetroot read and almost retracted himself.
‘Fancy taking our drinks upstairs?’  Realising how this sounded she quickly added ‘I mean… that waiter most probably would like to get to bed and at the rate we’re drinking we won’t finish this pitcher before three tomorrow morning.’
James nodded and the pair headed out of the bar carrying the last of the drink and their glasses while bidding goodnight to Matt.  At the top of the stairs they each looked down to their prospective rooms and without a word they placed their glasses, and James placed the pitcher, on the floor.  They moved to face each other with their corridors behind them and then like two western cowboys they held their arms as if they were getting ready for a gunfight.
‘On the count of three.’ James said and Debbie nodded in agreement. ‘One…. Two… Three!’  Upon which both scrabbled to get their key card.  Trouble was that neither could remember where they had put the card and frantically went through each pocket on. 
‘Ha!’ James shouted as he held out the card victoriously in front of him declaring himself the winner.
‘Well that’s good as I still don’t actually know where mine is.’  Debbie continued to look forgetting the game.  James took a ridiculous route to get to her, being sure not to knock over any of the drinks, and began to help her to look for her card.  He didn’t go for the body, but picked up the small purse she had brought out with her.  He unzipped the top of the small black bag and there behind the company card was the room key card.  Debbie was still rechecking her pockets in the irrational manner that occurs in a drunken haze when James tapped her on the shoulder.
She looked at him and he held out the card at eye height. ‘You found it!’  She was positively ecstatic and threw her arms around his neck, kissing him on the cheek.  In response he wrapped his arms around her waist and lifted her up off the floor, she let out a small yelp of happiness.  As he lowered her, their faces came in line and as if they were in a movie they stared into each other’s eyes before instinctively moving their heads together and delicately their mouths touched in a kiss.  As they held the kiss James once again pulled her body in close.  In return she brought her hands to the back of his head.  Both were still too nervous to actually open their mouths and slowly James loosened his embrace, allowing Debbie to lower herself back down onto her heels.
Still looking at each other with their arms loosely held around their waists James said, ‘Looks like I won, partner.’  His American accent was terrible, making her laugh.
‘Yes it looks like you did; I’ll be down in just a minute.  Room 124 yeah?’  She moved off and picked up her glass from the floor before walking down to her room.
He watched her walk to her room before he turned, picked up the pitcher and his glass, ‘Looks like I’m getting drunk tonight then.’ he said and then stood for a minute while he tried to figure if he said it aloud or in his head.  As he put the card into his door he looked back down the corridor towards Debbie’s room.  There still wasn’t any movement.  Bending down to pick up the pitcher he wandered if it was worth drinking any more, he didn’t like to drink alone, but it seemed such a waste.  While he contemplated it, he set the pitcher down on the side, hung up his jacket, took off his shoes and ran his fingers through his hair.  It wasn’t overly long, but he could feel the tips of hair curling around the tops of his fingers and that usually indicated it was getting too long.  In the end he gave in and topped up his glass, took a long drink before wincing slightly at the taste.  He had never really drunk cocktails before tonight, but this one was very strong.  He couldn’t remember what it was called, yet he remembered it had something to do with tea.  
Setting the glass on the side he unbuttoned his shirt, pulling it out from his trousers.  I guess it’ll soon be time for wearing vests underneath my shirt, but you never know we might have a warm September.  He had just hung up the shirt when a soft knock came from the door.  It couldn’t be.  His heart stopped at the prospect of who could be on the other side of the door.  He made the distance between the wardrobe and the door in two strides and peered through the peep hole.  In an instant he opened the door and there stood the most beautiful being he had ever laid eyes on.  His wife was forgotten as he closed the small distance between him and his mistress.   Taking Debbie under the arms he pulled her in and kissed her, this time their mouths parted and for the first time their tongues met and danced together.  Debbie’s hands held the sides of his head.  She closed her eyes, enjoying the electricity that was being created.
They parted and smiled at each other, James reached up and wiped the side of her mouth and then his, ‘Sorry, would you like a drink?’
They laughed and taking hold of his hand Debbie walked over to the pitcher.  ‘I’ll need another glass as I left mine in my room.  I finished it and then simply forgot it.’
James disappeared into the bathroom and retrieved one of the complimentary glasses.  As he walked back, with slight boyish concern on his face he said, ‘I thought I’d done wrong before, kissing you I mean.’  She tilted her head on the side and slowly shook her head.  As she smiled, he continued, ‘I’m serious Debs I thought I was going to have to drink the rest of that cocktail on my own.’
‘Oh James,’ she took the glass from him, ‘Long Island Ice Tea is my favourite, I’m hardly going to let it go to waste.’ She gave him a cheeky smile as she turned and began to fill her glass before topping up his.  When she had finished James moved himself behind her, pulled down the collar of her shirt slightly and kissed the small of her neck.  Debbie closed her eyes as Goosebumps ran the length of her spine.  She turned and for the first time saw that he had a well-toned body complimented by a thin blanket of hair across the length of his chest.  ‘I didn’t know you worked out?’  She said as she ran her fingers over his torso, smiling.
It was James’ turn to shiver.  He wanted to kiss her entire body, but he didn’t want to rush.  Not necessarily because he didn’t want to unnerve her but more that he wanted to savour this moment as he knew morning and the cold light of reality would soon come and it would all end.  Finally he found his voice and said, ‘Yeah I belong to a rowing club and I go rock climbing from time to time.’
Looking up into his face Debbie said, ‘And an adventurer, a man after my own heart’.  She was unsure where to go from here, she had never experienced such nervousness before.  She normally took control, yet for some reason tonight it meant something and her body kept freezing.  She decided more drink was in order and picked up both glasses and after handing James his glass said, ‘Cheers’.
‘Cheers.’
They both drank, feeling unsure of where to go.  Debbie kept glancing at James’ torso she still couldn’t believe that he had that underneath his clothes.  It made her nervous to know that he worked out, as she didn’t.  
Standing opposite her, feeling the effects of the alcohol and sudden surge of happiness through his body, James tried to get a better look of her body.  She had undone an extra button since earlier to reveal more of her cleavage.  Something he had never really seen as Debbie always made sure she was not too exposed at work.  Her breasts did not look overly large, but women’s breast sizes had always confused James slightly.  Although he knew he didn’t really like very large ones.  He resisted the urge to rip off her clothes and suddenly said ‘Music?’
Before Debbie could answer he had gone round to the side of the bed and picked up his IPod player, turning it up to the maximum volume as he opened up his music file.  After their journey up he had learnt that their music tastes were very similar, so he wasn’t overly nervous of whether or not she would like it.   This made a change, as for the past half an hour he hadn’t been sure of much except that he was incredibly horny and wanted Debbie more than he had wanted anyone before.
As the music began Debbie instantly started to sway.  She loved to dance, ‘Ah Kings of Leon, I love this song!’  She said as she started to roll her hips in time with the music.  As her hips moved, she twisted her free hand back and forth and moved her feet so that she made small circles on the floor.  She closed her eyes and took a long drink.
When she opened them, James stood before her smiling.  ‘Want to dance?’  He said as he took hold of her hand and pulled it across her body and up, making her turn in a circle.  When her back faced him he moved in close and brought her arm down in front of her body.  He moved his hips in time with hers and nuzzled his face into her neck, kissing it softly.  Debbie closed her eyes and concentrated on reading where he wanted her to move.  Each time he kissed her, goose bumps covered her body.  As the song finished, James took a step back and uncoiled Debbie.  
As she turned she lost her footing slightly and ended up knocking her drink down the front of her shirt.  ‘Ah that’s so cold!’  She exclaimed laughing while holding the buttons out in front as she tried to stop the top from clinging too much.  
She looked up at James, who was smirking, as he could see she wasn’t wearing a bra, her breasts were simply pert and perfectly round.  The coldness of the drink had made her nipples turn hard and pressed against the fabric.  He swallowed and tried to keep the bulge in his trousers from exposing him too soon.  
Eventually though he couldn’t take it anymore and without another word, took the glass from her hand and placed it on top of the television.  Turning back to Debbie he began to unbutton her shirt.  Debbie simply stood there and watched his hands move.  On the last button, James pushed his hands under the fabric and eased the shirt off of her shoulders.  As he brought his hands down the length of her arms, he leaned in and kissed her softly on the mouth.  She kissed back and her body shivered at the feel of the air on her skin.  
He pulled her close and whispered in her ear, ‘I think you had better have a shower.’
Giggling she took hold of his hand and pulled him towards the bathroom.  While James started the shower Debbie unbuttoned her jeans and pushing them over her hips she pulled down her underwear at the same time.  James turned round to see her stood before him naked.  
At first she was confident, but as his eyes began to roam over her flesh, she felt slightly self-conscious.  It had been a while since she had been completely naked in front of someone and not lying in a bed and even though the alcohol had helped to give her confidence she tried to cover her private parts.  
Seeing her sudden embarrassment his eyes came up quickly to her face.  He took hold of the hand that she was using to cover herself and murmured, ‘You’re amazing you know that?’  Cupping her head with his other hand he stared down into her eyes, ‘I never realised that you were olive skin naturally, I thought that it was simply a tan, you are so beautiful you don’t need to hide it.’  
Debbie looked sideways at herself in the mirror.  Like most women she criticised the way she looked most of the time, but as she watched his eyes wonder down her reflection she nodded.  She had never had someone look at her the way he was and it felt amazing.
She walked past him, making sure that her arm brushed against his.  As she opened the glass door to the shower she said, ‘Don’t be too long’.  She proceeded into the shower and stood under the water, wetting her hair and allowing the water to gentle cascade all over her body.
Outside the shower James had been stunned firstly by her body and then by her teasing nature.  He watched as her hair became wet and the water ran off the end of her hard nipples.  He could feel his trousers becoming tight and without looking down he unbuttoned them, let them fall to the floor.  As he lowered his boxer shorts his manhood stood rock solid almost at right angles to his body.  He smiled and moved towards the shower.  By this time Debbie had turned around so that the water was hitting her square in the chest.  He took this moment to enter the shower and as he pushed the door closed, Debbie started to turn, but he held held her shoulder so that she stayed facing away.  He moved in close, pulling his erect member upwards so as not to poke her in the back.  He wrapped his arms around her body and for the first time they had complete skin contact.
They stood there, letting the water cascade over their bodies, both nervous and unsure, yet both yearned to do things that usually came very naturally.  Debbie was the first to break the spell; reaching her hand behind her back and into his groin.  She smiled knowing that he was bigger than she had imagined.  James let out a small sigh as familiar feelings of euphoria began to surge through him.  In turn he moved his hands over her breasts.  They fit within his palm nicely and so he began to gentle squeeze and caress, while the water filled up over his hands and dropped to the floor.  Slowly Debbie turned, and still keeping hold of his manhood, she knelt down and began to lick the length and the girth.  In response James lent forward, placing his hands on the shower wall, shielding the water from falling directly onto Debbie.
James had never been given a blowjob before.  Of course he had said he had in front of his mates, so that they wouldn’t take the micky.  Sam had a fear of that general area, she enjoyed the pleasure it gave, but wasn’t sure about having her face near it.  The feel inside Debbie’s mouth was amazing and as he stood there, he was glad that he had propped himself up on the wall as his legs were beginning to numb and he was finding it hard to concentrate, particularly when she took his entire length into her mouth.  Suddenly he could feel his balls tighten, the sure sign that he was about to ejaculate and grabbing the back of Debbie’s head he exclaim, ‘Stop, please, stop!’
In shock Debbie stopped instantly and with worried eyes she looked up at James water now occasionally hitting her in the face as it bounced off his shoulders, ‘Did I hurt you?’
The wave slowly descended through James’s body and his vision came back, as Debbie voice broke through his muffled hearing mostly from the blood loss, but also the water hitting the back of his head.  He looked down at her smiling and then saw how anxious she looked.  He had not heard what she said, but he realised that it must not have been words of happiness.  Within a second he had knelt down and had her in a tight embrace, the water hitting her squarely in the back.  Keeping her close her said, ‘That was wonderful.  I thought it might be a bit too soon to end all the pleasure.’
Debbie giggled and her body relaxed, the tension going.  She had always been a bit of a greedy slut when it came to sex.  She hugged him back and enjoyed the feeling of the water cascading over her back, ‘I wouldn’t have minded.’
Slowly they let go off each other and stood up.  James twisted his body and with one hand still touching Debbie’s arm he used the other to turn off the shower.  As the water stopped and James turned back, Debbie raised herself onto her tiptoes, flung her arms around his head and gave him a huge kiss.  She had to keep her legs slightly apart to allow his still hard member to have somewhere to go.  In response James kissed back and wrapped his arms around her middle, lifting her slightly.  Debbie felt herself hanging in the air, but she felt so safe within his arms that for the first time she didn’t care and continued to kiss him, deep and passionately.
After they had dried each other, caressing and placing kisses on each other’s bodies whenever they could, James took Debbie by the hand and led her out into the main section of the bedroom.  The music was still playing and was half way through a love song.  James pulled Debbie into a slow dance embrace.  Debbie curled her arm around his waist and rested her head on his chest, the soft hairs brushing gently against her check as they slowly moved their naked bodies to the song.
They did not move much and Debbie thought to herself how little she noticed the fact that she was dancing naked.  Tonight was beginning to be a one of firsts, James simply brought out so much confidence in her she never wanted the night to end.  Never wanted to go back to reality and how she felt on a day-to-day basis, let alone face this man sober.  She closed her eyes and pushed the thought from her head and decided simply to savour the moment and when the time came to cross that bridge, she would.
‘What magic is this that you are creating?’  James whispered as he gently stroked up and down her spine.
It took a while for Debbie to respond as she was trying to keep her excitement under control and prevent her body from shivering under his touch.  Eventually she managed, ‘It’s just the alcohol’.
Moving their hands down in front of them, parting their bodies slightly he cupped her hand around his once again solid girth.  With his now free hand he stroked the side of her face, back and down her hair line, finishing on the side of her neck.  ‘I sobered up a while ago.’ he said before bending slightly to kiss her delicately on the mouth.
His words caused her to hope as she herself had sobered up and yet still wanting his body, wanting him to touch her, play with her and most of all she wanted to feel him inside her.  She had day dreamed about this several times over the past few months and now it was a reality.
Keeping his face closed to hers he moved his kisses around to her neck and after nibbling the bottom of her ear he said, ‘I think it’s about time that you had some attention.’  Debbie closed her eyes and allowed herself to be at his mercy, slowly removing her hand from his groin and moving both hands slowly up his body to rest behind his neck.
James continued to kiss her neck before making his way down to her full breasts.  He gathered both up in his hands, enjoying the fact they were a nice fit.  Her nipples were dark and quite large, standing out to attention at his slightest touch.  Taking them one at a time into his mouth he savoured their taste, flicking the tips with his tongue.  Debbie let a moan escape at each flick desperate for him to do more, to save her aching body, but nervous to say anything.  His hands cupped around her buttocks as he paid more attention to her breasts with his mouth, pulling her body into his.  He lifted her slightly so that he could tease her with his presence.  Her love lips felt huge and wanting to ride his tool.
In a blur James took hold of both of Debbie’s thighs and hoisted her into the air.  He was surprised at how light she was, but was glad when she instantly wrapped her legs around him and kissed him full on the mouth now that their faces were level.  Debbie groaned, as once again his hardness was pressing upwards against her most private area, yet James did not want to enter.  He knew he was not far off from exploding and he wanted to be sure to give her as much attention so that they would orgasm at the same time.
Carefully he knelt on the edge of the bed and while kissing her deeply, slowly lowered her onto the bed.  He broke the kiss and sat back up, admiring her beautiful body.  ‘I don’t have any condoms.’
Debbie bit her bottom lip thinking, ‘I’m on the pill so it should be ok.’
Only then did they both realise that each of them was more toned then they had realised.  Debbie’s breath was slow and deep, her chest moving with each intake, as she tried to slow her racing heart.  She was so close to orgasm that she was worried she wouldn’t last long enough to feel him inside her.  
Before she knew it she said, ‘I want you inside me’.  She was shocked by her words, but James simply smiled and obeying her words parted her legs and slowly entered her moistness.  He kept his strokes slow but steady until his balls bounced against her cheeks.
James managed to hold on as Debbie began to push her body against him, curving her spine as ecstasy began to ripple through her body.  Even though she had said she was on any pill, he played safe and just before he was about to explode he pulled out catching his load as it shot out.  To make sure Debbie kept going he quickly placed his mouth between her legs and hungrily licked at her exposed lips.  Debbie was unsure of why he pulled out, but the surprise of having his lips upon hers was too much and she instantly orgasimed.
James woke to find the bed empty.  The smell of the previous night was still strong in the air.  He smiled to himself, thinking of what happened and how wonderful the sex had been.  He presumed that she had gone to the toilet, but when no sound came he panicked and his eyes shot open, his elation suddenly disappearing from his body.  He ran into the bathroom and upon seeing it empty, checked his watch.  Where had she gone?  He thought as he threw on his trousers only to find that his shirt and boxers were missing and all of Debbie’s clothes were still here.  His panic subsided into confusion.  Hopeful that no one else on their floor would be up at this time, securing his trousers he grabbed his door key and headed down to Debbie’s room.
He arrived at the door and began to knock, it was only when he heard her voice say, ‘Just a minute’ did he stop.  Opening the door she stood there with just his shirt on, her hair still wet from a shower.  Judging by the look on his face she said, ‘Sorry I didn’t want to wake you.  Come in.’ James walked in and stopped just before the main section of the bedroom turning back round to hear more.  They stood in silence for a short while, Debbie unsure of what to say and James trying to decide if what she just said was the truth.  Finally she broke the silence with, ‘I watched you sleep for some time,’ speeding up her speech she continued, ‘but I didn’t want there to be any awkwardness and because my shirt and trousers were still wet from the cocktail, I borrowed your shirt and boxers.’  She looked down at the shirt as she spoke and finished with, ‘I hope you don’t mind?’
Before she could say another word James had closed the distance, taken her head in his hands and kissed her, parting her mouth with his still hungry tongue.  She reciprocated, instant moisture returning between her legs.  Grabbing her legs he hoisted her once again and walked the few steps to lean her against the door.  This time there was no teasing he simply dropped the zipper and lowered her onto his erect member.  He began to thrust his hips and lift up and down with his arms.  Debbie held onto his muscular shoulders, feeling them move as she was pounded.  She clenched her muscles when he was deep inside, knowing that the effect would bring them both quickly to the edge of passion.  It was pure lust and soon both, breathing hard and fast, came at the same time.
Lowering her down to the floor, breathing still laboured, they simply stood there, holding each other.  Debbie could feel their mixture of juices dribbling down her thigh but she did not bother to wipe it away.  The sudden rush of passion had thrown her, but she smiled at how unpredictable he could really be.  She could feel herself falling for him all over again.
‘Sorry, you just looked so sexy in my shirt and when I saw that the boxers were missing, that I couldn’t take it anymore.’  
It was Debbie who kissed him then, just seeing him again was enough to get her heart racing slightly.
Still holding her he continued, ‘I was worried when you weren’t there.’
Nestled against his chest she replied, ‘I didn’t know what to do.  I couldn’t help but think of Sam and how you’ll be going back to her this afternoon, while I go back to my parents and try to forget about how you’ve made me feel in the past six hours.’  When James didn’t say anything she realised that he had not even considered the reality of the situation.  ‘I know you want us to find out if there is a future between us,’ now she pushed away from him and walked into the room, not daring to look at her she continued, ‘but at the end of the day if you’re willing to do this to the one person who knows you better than anyone else’ turning to face him, anger now beginning to boil, ‘then how do I know that you won’t just do it to me, or worst will keep lying to her and keep me as your bit of entertainment.’
The words cut into James, but he knew she was right.  He would have to go back to his wife and pretend he hadn’t just had the best sex he had ever had.  But he didn’t want to think about it, every time he looked up and their eyes met and he saw once again just how beautiful Debbie was, all he wanted to do was be inside her again and again.  
Moving towards her he said, ‘I know nothing I say will make an ounce of difference to how you are feeling or remove the fact that I will be returning home to my wife.  But what I can say is that I wasn’t lying when I said about the magic you created last night.’  His hands brushed her long hair back over her shoulders and he kissed her forehead, ‘You are one of the most amazing people I have ever met, I thought I had you all figured out and then I find out you like me.  Then we come away together and I discover that your work personality is hardly anything like who you really are.’
Unable to hear any more Debbie brought his arms down to his side, leaving only inches between their bodies, ‘Stop James, you are only making things harder!’
Giggling he childishly responded, ‘Yes you are!’  They both glanced down to see that once again his piece stood to attention.
In spite of herself Debbie giggled before shaking her head into reality, ‘James seriously, zip yourself away!  If I was looking for a fling then this would be great.’  She couldn’t help but get another look pushed himself into his trousers and zipped it up, ‘But I’m not!’
‘I know I’m asking for a lot and I don’t want to hurt either you or Sam, but I know that I will.’
‘So let’s end it now and save Sam’s or my heart.  She’s put more time and energy into your relationship then I have and I’ve managed so far to resist you at work, so I’m sure I can do it again.’
He could hear her speaking the truth, but his brain and groin didn’t want to listen, he didn’t want to face facts.  He simply wanted to stay in the hotel and continue to make endless love to the beautiful creature that stood before him.  Finally he broke contact and removing the trousers again he said, ‘I’ll have a shower and cool off.’
As the shower started Debbie stood alone in her bedroom and looked at herself in the mirror.  She liked how she looked in his shirt.  How her toned olive brown body was complemented by the white colour.  Stop it Debs!  You’ll end up getting all horny again and you made up your mind that you’re not going to be his mistress!  Unfortunately as he came out of the bathroom, one towel around his waist and another drying off his short black hair she wandered that being his mistress might not be so bad.  As if this was their first meeting she felt herself blush at the sight of him and turned away he came close.
‘Debs?’  His voice was concerned but also amused.
She swallowed and kept facing away hoping that he wouldn’t read just how horny he was making her.  She hoped that he wouldn’t touch her because she knew that she would not be able to control herself if he did.  What she didn’t realise was that she had forgotten to give an answer, causing him to do all the things that she didn’t want him to.
When she shrugged off his touch he said, ‘I’ll go and get changed, but I’ll need my shirt back as I think people are starting to get up now.’  Moving his hand to the front, she didn’t move and he could see in the mirror that her eyes were closed.  The simple touch as he brought his hands around the front and started to undo the buttons was excruciating for her.  She had only done the middle buttons and as he undid the last ones he slowly brought the material over the tops of her shoulders.  #
Unable to resist he kissed her on the top of her shoulder.  ‘That is unless you’ve changed your mind?’
She wanted to hit him for being so arrogant, but her body froze.  She could see him rise through the softness of the towel and as he brought his hands down to caress her breasts she instinctively pulled at the top of the towel, causing it to fall to the floor.  
Once again, James pulled her close so that their naked bodies pressed against each other, ‘Debbie there’s nothing more that I want to do than make love to you again, but I’m exhausted.  You forget that I am not use to all this activity!’
She turned disappointed, but smiling said, ‘Well he doesn’t seem to be suffering and you don’t need to do anything.’  Leading him to the bed she commanded in a low husky voice, ‘Lay down on you back.’  He did as he was told, unsure of how long he would last.  As he laid there he was glad that she didn’t take him in her mouth, but instead straddled him and lowered herself down.
He couldn’t believe just how wet she still was, but then again he guessed that some of him was still in there somewhere.  He suddenly began to worry because they had been careless and before she started to ride him held tight to her hips asking, ‘We haven’t used any protection this morning?’
Placing a single finger on his lips to indicate that she did not want him to speak she pointed with her other hand at the bedside table.  There on the side was a pack of small tablets.  He looked back at her with a questioning look and all Debbie did was nod and smile.  He let go of her hips, ran his hands up her back encouraging her to lean forward he smiled and from somewhere found the energy to once again pound deep inside her until they were both spent.
They slept in a spoon position until Debbie’s mobile suddenly came to life.  She reached over and clicked the button starting the snooze section of the alarm.
During breakfast they chatted and decided that they would in fact go back today and not stay up another night.  Debbie could not take the guilt of having him lie to his wife for her.  She knew that they were already creating a situation she never wanted.  The thought of creating stories though was worst, especially if was just so that they could spend time together.  
When they talked through it, James agreed, knowing full well that upon seeing Sam he would not be able to lie about a whole extra day spent with some random company. Because they got too drunk the night before to really sort anything out, just didn’t quite seem plausible.
They each packed up their rooms and met by the reception, their wants and desires finally under control, allowing them to check out without blushing and get into the car without needing to rip each other’s clothes off.
The drive home was better than the drive up.  They talked of non-consequential things and while they drove along, the not so busy motorway, they each rested a hand upon the others thigh.  Indulging each other in the illusion that they were a couple and that their movements were completely natural.
It wasn’t until James pulled into her parent’s driveway did reality really begin to hit either of them.  The atmosphere in the car completely changed and both became very quiet.  Eventually Debbie lent over and placed a kiss on James’ cheek and squeezed his hand that rested on her thigh.
Turning his head, he looked Debbie in the eye, ‘You are so beautiful.’  He looked down and then out the window and took his hand away, ‘I need to go home.  If I spend any longer with you I won’t be able to and the lie will continue.’
Debbie knew he was right, but still disheartedly she replied, ‘Yeah I guess, thanks for bringing be home and I’ll see you Friday.’
She got her small case out of the boot of the car and as she walked towards the front door, James said out of the window ‘Have a good day off tomorrow and I’ll see you Friday.  Don’t forget to bring your file with you.  I’ll unload the entire car when I get in.’
‘OK no worries’ and without thinking about it she bent down and kissed James on the mouth.  She quickly pulled away, ‘Sorry, completely forgot myself’.  Red blushed across her cheeks and she quickly turned and went to the front door.
As she fumbled for her keys she heard James say, ‘Quite alright, your lips are just as soft as they were this morning.’
Before she could make a response James started the car and began to head out of the housing estate.
Still feeling slightly embarrassed she gave a little wave and let herself into the house.  As she closed the door behind her she discovered that no one was home.  As she walked into the kitchen and found a note in the kitchen.

Deb’s, we’ve gone to help Alison and Trevor finish off the fireplaces in the cottage.
Be back around 6pm.
~ Chapter 6 – Back To Reality ~
Friday morning came very quickly.  All day Thursday Debbie kept herself busy around the house, getting things ready for moving at the weekend.  She tried to ring her best friend Jane but it kept going to answer phone and she had managed to avoid talking to her mum regarding it.  Despite their closeness she felt she needed to speak to someone before the morning came and she would have to walk back into work and see the man that she may just be in love with.
Unfortunately she couldn’t find anyone to speak to and, as she drove to work, she tried to ignore the knot that was forming in her stomach and she really tried to push out the thought out of how his body felt against hers.  As she parked her car, she took three deep breaths and then almost jumped out of her skin as a knock came at the window.  She turned to see Marcus and Katie smiling from ear to ear and once she caught her breath back, she smiled back and started to remove her seat belt and got out of the car.
‘Hey stranger?’  Marcus said as she excited.  
It was good to see Marcus and Debbie gave him a big hug before waving hello to Katie.
‘Hi!’  Debbie said and started to walk towards the office block, her colleagues close behind, ‘Anything exciting happen while we were away?’
‘Not really.’  Katie replied as they each signed in on the security sheet.  ‘You had a call yesterday from a Jason from Stationary something or other,’ she shrugged her shoulders, ‘I’ve got it written down upstairs’
As they got into the lift Debbie replied, ‘Oh, good I hope?  They were one of the clients we made at the conference.’
‘I thought as much.’  Katie nudged her as the doors closed and the lift started moving, ‘He was just wanting to confirm your appointment today?’
‘Don’t suppose you remember what time that was at?’  Debbie glanced over at Katie who looked as though the hamster was on overdrive in her mind and was trying to find the answer to show her value.  Debbie almost laughed, ‘Is it on your message pad?’
Glad that she had been relieved of recalling the whole message Katie smiled and nodded.
As the doors opened and the small party walked towards the main office, Fiona suddenly appeared at the door.  ‘Morning everybody!’  She received an unusually cheery hello from her staff considering it was only just before 9am.  ‘Debbie, I look forward to seeing your report and hearing more about the contacts you made.’
Debbie smiled, ‘I managed to organise my notes yesterday and I’ve just got to check on the appointments I made and also see what James’ are as well so that we try not to clash too much.’
‘Good thinking.  I don’t think he’s thought too far ahead, he seems to have his head in the clouds.’  Fiona gave a pause giving Katie and Marcus a hidden signal that she wanted to talk to Debbie alone, ‘Coffee?’
‘Please.’  Debbie said as they walked down to the small kitchen.  Entering the room, Debbie’s nerves started making themselves known again.  Speaking to Marcus and Katie had brought some of the nice reality, but she knew that Fiona would want to know if she had her two best workers back and the air would return to normal.  However, as she had not yet seen James she knew she couldn’t honestly tell Fiona.
After putting the kettle on, Fiona turned and said, ‘How did you find the conference?’
Debbie gave a broad smile, ‘Good, I was quite nervous when the people started to come in, but as I got into the swing of it and watched James working his magic, it became easier and before I knew it I had set up half a dozen appointments for next week and two clients that hopefully will be advantageous on both sides.’  Debbie beamed as her confidence slowly crept back and watched as for the first time in quite a while Fiona made the drinks.
Fiona gave a little wink, ‘Yes, I thought as much. You’re becoming a very good all round worker.’
‘Thanks.’  She took the coffee and went to head back out of the kitchen when Fiona continued the conversation.
‘James has been quite quiet this morning and in a typical male behaviour simply said that all was fine between the two of you.  However, I will not be satisfied until I have heard it from your mouth.’
Debbie walked back towards Fiona holding her cup between both her hands, ‘Well…’ she swallowed and stared down into her coffee as she began to speak, ‘We discovered that we do in fact like each other, but we’re going to be friends and get to know one another before we risk anything more.’  It was a small version of the truth, but as her boss had said she didn’t want know the particulars.  
Debbie was glad when Fiona didn’t push the matter, she simply smiled, picked up her mug of coffee and headed back to the main office.  Debbie followed taking a few deep breaths as she steadied her nerves.
As they entered the small office, Debbie’s nerves disappeared and she was just glad to see him smile at her, ‘Morning Debs, ready to put your deals into place?’
‘Yep, just need to check on when they are all coming in.’  She said as she walked over to where Katie was starting the processes of her day.  She was just getting the mail sorted when Debbie asked, ‘Have you got the phone messages you said about from yesterday?’
From underneath her computer screen Katie pulled out two note cards in the shape of elephants. ‘There you go.  The top one is the one from Jason and the other is Matthew.’
‘Thanks.’  Debbie took hold of the notes, smiling once again at the cheer that Katie always brings to the office, before heading back to her own desk and settled into her seat.  She turned on her computer and signed into her telephone, before even reading the two notes Katie had taken.  
10am oh bloody hell that’s in forty-five minutes!  Even before she finished the thought she rang down to security to inform them on the imminent arrivals and before her login screen had arrived she had walked around her desk and stood behind James.  ‘Jason’s team is due to arrive in 45 minutes, are you ready?’
James spun round on his chair to face Debbie, ‘Of course!’  He gave her a cheeky grin before spinning back round to face his computer, dealing with the email he had been reading before the interruption.
‘OK.’  Slightly confused, but was glad for the normality said, ‘I’ll get the meeting room set up and I’ll let you know when they arrive.’
Still looking at his computer he replied, ‘OK brilliant.’  He knew how it might look, but he was trying to be normal when all he really wanted to do was hug her and give her a kiss.  He closed his eyes and dipped his head momentarily as he pushed the thought from his mind and returned his attention to the email regarding a meeting later on that day.
Jason and his team arrived ten minutes early, which came as a surprise to Debbie as she had got the impression, for their lack of organisation at the conference, that if anything they were going to be late.  Despite this the meeting started off with great enthusiasm and within no time they had finalised the things they had talked about two nights ago.  James had managed to set up two orders and Debbie had sorted how they could courier their products to other clients at a competitive price to the main couriers.
After nearly two hours they stopped for some coffee, James and Debbie left the gentlemen in the meeting room to talk over the information and headed for the kitchen to refill the now empty flasks.  As they entered the kitchen James couldn’t take it anymore.  He closed the door behind them and wrapped his arms around Debbie, almost causing her to drop the flask she was carrying it.
‘I’ve wanted to do that all morning.’  He said as he still held her in his arms.
Debbie’s heart beat was going ten to the dozen and she wasn’t sure whether to push away or stand there and enjoy the comfort it brought.  In the end she chose the former, but kept her cool as she broke off from the embrace, trying to act like it was just a friendly hug.  ‘You can always give me a hug, Marcus does all the time so it’s not like you’ll be doing anything wrong.’  She concentrated on refilling the kettle as she spoke so that she didn’t have to look at him, her body beginning to tingle at the loss of contact.
He walked up behind her and rested his hand on top of hers as it supported her body against the cabinet.  ‘You know that’s not what I meant.  I haven’t stopped thinking about you since I watched you enter your house.’
Debbie turned, releasing her hand from under his and looked him square in the face.  As James was only a few inches taller than her she didn’t really have to look up, but suddenly she felt quite small.  She opened her mouth to speak, but was saved by the click of the kettle, ‘I’ll meet you back in the meeting room, we should be able to get this meeting rapped up by midday.’  She paused and when no answer came she continue, ‘What time are your clients coming in?’
James stood confused and deflated, ‘Umm…’  He watched as she poured the boiling water into the flask, ‘Straight after we finish with this lot.’
Debbie screwed in the lid and started on the second flask.  ‘Humm… Don’t suppose you thought about lunch?’
James chuckled, ‘Of course and Fiona was happy to pay.’  He took a step closer and went to touch the small of her back and then clenching his fist he turned on his heel and returned to the meeting room.
As planned the meeting with Simplicity finished a little after midday and the next group arrived just after they had finished clearing the plates away.  Once again their individual feelings were pushed aside and they worked together and within two hours they had put several deals into place, most of which were more useful for Just Packaging.
Down in the reception they bid farewell to their new clients and made sure they knew which way was best to get back to the motorway and then to their office.  As they stood at the doorway James placed his body directly behind Debbie, but did not actually make contact.  She could feel his breath as they waved and part of her wished he would push his body against hers or hold her with his free arm.
Placing his hand in the small of Debbie’s back, Debbie took a short breath as he said, ‘I think our efforts today deserve a drink.  I’ll go see if the rest of the team want to join us.’
Debbie turned, James kept his hand on her and as she finished moving it came to rest on her waist, ‘That would be good.’  Noticing the security guard looking in their direction she leant in closer and in a lower tone said, ‘I don’t think I can trust myself, for us to be left alone again.’  Her cheeks flushed as she moved back to her normal stance, James smiled and moved aside indicating with his hand for her to lead the way back to the lift.
As the doors of the lift closed it was Debbie this time that made the move, standing still and looking ahead she reached to the side and took hold of his hand.  Despite the ach in his groin he simply squeezed back and continued to stand facing forward.  As the lift came to stop on their floor and the doors began to open, each let go of the small contact and walked back into the office.
‘Fiona?’ Debbie called out as they entered the office.  Before she spoke she had made sure that she was not on the telephone, before continuing, ‘That’s the last of our meetings over with today and I’ll have the notes to you by five.’  It gave her an hour to play about with the figures and dealings of both the conference and today’s meetings.
‘Not a problem Debs.  As long as I have something I’ll be happy.’  Fiona looked up and smiled at Debbie as she spoke.  She then turned her gaze to James, ‘James what are your plans for the last hour?’
‘I’ve got some notes to give to Debbie and check emails, but otherwise not much.  What can I do for you?’  He’d made it back to his desk by this point and knelt one leg on his chair while waiting his instructions.
‘I forwarded an email that I would like you give your opinion on and sort if you can?’
 With the knowledge that he wouldn’t be moving from his desk any time soon he sat down and started the login procedure, ‘Not a problem, let’s hope I can.’
‘I think you will.  My thoughts are in red and Marcus figures are in blue.’
‘OK.’ he looked over to Marcus who put his thumb up while he spoke on the phone, indicating that he knew what Fiona was on about.  James shook his head slightly as he started to open the email, sometimes he was sure that Marcus was gay or at least bi.  He was the only man he knew who could effectively multi-task.
Debbie stretched her arms up into the air and gave a sigh of relief.  She had managed to get all her notes written up from the conference, including James’ and had even written out the minutes from the two meetings they had taken today.  Standing up she looked over to Fiona and gave her a thumbs up as she emailed across the files.  Fiona looked back slightly confused until a high pitched note came from her monitor indicating that new mail had come in.  Upon opening it she looked back over at Debbie and gave her an enormous grin, ‘You are on form today Debbie, bravo!’
Debbie could feel the euphoria rush round her body as she thought of the hard work that had gone into the conference and today’s meetings.  Fiona had never given that much praise before and Debbie felt really good.  She glanced around the room and saw the tail-tail signs of people starting to close up for the day.  Seeing that no one was on the telephone she called out, ‘Who fancies going out for a drink tonight?’
Marcus was the first one to respond, ‘Oooo that sounds brilliant.  An all-nighter up the main town or just a couple down the local?’  He said as he pushed back from his desk so that he could get a better view of Debbie.
‘I don’t mind, Fiona, James, Katie, what say you three?’  She looked to each as she stood up and rested her hands on the side of her desk.
‘Eric’s taking me out for dinner tonight so I’ll be up the city anyway and would be happy to stay out for a couple.’  Fiona said as she began to scan the documents Debbie had sent over.
‘Perhaps we should start with a couple and see where the night takes us?’  Everybody’s eyes shot round as it was an unexpected response from Katie.  Feeling the weight of everyone’s eyes she slightly blushed and said, ‘Just a thought, I’m not overly fussed.’  She gave a nonchalant shrug of her shoulders as she said, ‘I haven’t had a night out in ages.’  She gave a short pause as the others in the room murmured their agreement, ‘Will it just be us or can I invite some of my friends out as well.’
‘Humm… what do you think James?’  Debbie said with a tone of comedy in her voice.
‘Are they good looking?’  Marcus said.
‘How many are we talking about?’ James said.
Going redder by the minute Fiona said, ‘Oh for goodness sake boys calm down.  It’s up to you Katie whether you want to subject your friends to such children as this.  With that the office filled with laughter and it dawned on Katie that she had finally been accepted, as it was all just a joke.
‘How about this, we each bring along one friend or partner if you so choose?’ Debbie said as the laughing died down, ‘Then at least it’s not completely an office night out, but we won’t be turned away for having too many in a group.’
‘Always the sensible one!’ James chuckled as he teased her.
 
~ Chapter 7 – The All Nighter ~

Debbie got home in good time considering it was Friday night and it was the last few weeks of the school before the summer holidays started.  She had a quick bite to eat and called Alison to see what time she could start moving her stuff into the cottage in the morning.
After a relatively short bath Debbie got ready whilst packing.  She didn’t know what she wanted to wear, but at the same time she wanted to dress to impress.  Sensible one, I don’t want to make him cheat just allow him to look, she justified to herself.
Her friend Jane was coming out with her tonight and she had managed to get her husband to pick Debbie up.  It meant that she would be staying the night at their place to save waking her parents if she did get back late.
Jane’s car pulled up outside and Debbie quickly looked at her watch.  She was almost ready and ran down the stairs to let Jane in.  ‘I’m almost done, just give us two secs to finish.’
‘No worries hun.  You look good!’ Jane said as Debbie disappeared up the stairs.
‘Thanks, you can come up if you like.’
‘Yeah I know!’ Jane looked at the stairs and then looked at her four inch heels.
As if she had read her mind Debbie called down, ‘Why don’t you take your shoes off?  It’s only the stairs that don’t have any carpet on!’
Smiling, Jane stepped out of her heels, dropping by what seemed like miles and tiptoed up the stairs.  It might be summer but these steps are cold on my feet she thought as she said, ‘So I take it that things went well with James?’ As she entered the bedroom she saw Debbie checking herself out in the mirror.  ‘You look gorgeous and there’s no doubt in my mind you’ll drive him crazy tonight.’
Debbie smiled and then quickly put on a serious face as if to suggest she had no clue as to what her dear friend was on about.  ‘Jane, I simply want to look nice.  Being single is hard work you know.’
‘Yes, because you have always had trouble getting male attention!’ Jane rolled her eyes and they both giggled.
‘Right done!’  Debbie turned to Jane with her arms outstretched in front of her.
‘OK, brilliant!’
The car journey seemed to take for ever.  Debbie was unsure of whether she was excited or nervous about tonight, but at least she had Jane there to monitor her.  While Jane’s boyfriend drove, Debbie relayed the conversations that James and her had had earlier on.  As always, Jane sat there and listened as her friend relayed her dilemma.  Debbie had never been one for doing things by halves and most of her teenage life it was almost like a soap opera unfolding before Jane’s eyes.  Oh of course Debbie never meant for it to happen that way, it was just her nature to complicate matters and always think outside, inside and around the box.
When Debbie had finished and asked the question, ‘What should I do?’  Jane replied, ‘I think you guys are right to get to know each other.’
‘Jane!’ Matthew’s voice from the front seat made both of them jump.  His tone of voice combined with the raised eyebrow in the rear view mirror, showed his disgust for his wife’s advice.
‘Matthew…’ Jane’s voice was that of mockery and she blew her husband a kiss, ‘let me finish.’ Matthew shrugged his shoulders and went back to driving while eavesdropping.  Turning her head back to Debbie she said, ‘I’m not saying that you should continue the affair,’ she glanced back to her husband to make the point, ‘I’m simply saying that before you go diving into one, you should know whether or not you actually get on.’
‘That’s what I thought.’ Debbie fiddled with her bracelet, staring down into her lap she said, ‘But it’s just so hard to resist touching him and wanting to be touched by him.’
‘Lust is not a bad thing between two people, who also like each other.’
Debbie couldn’t quite believe the words that were coming from her best friend’s mouth.  She had hoped that she would have given her an almighty telling off for thinking of engaging in an affair and even more bizarre she’s almost saying that her lustful feelings are a good thing!  By this time they had arrived in town and while Jane kissed her husband goodnight through the middle of the front seats, Debbie got out and brushed herself down and checked her hair and makeup her reflection of the car window.
‘Debbie?’ The voice came from behind her.  She spun round to see Marcus and Katie.
Kissing each in turn on the cheek she said, ‘Where’s your plus one?’
Giggling, her two work colleagues looked at each other and nodded, Katie bit her bottom lip and then they turned back and in unison said, ‘We’re each other’s plus one!’
Debbie stared at them a moment until the penny dropped, as she saw that they were holding hands.  In very girly fashion of flapping hands and almost squealing she said, ‘Oh that’s great!’  She proceeded to give them a huge hug and as she pulled away she asked, ‘Is anyone else here?’
Katie responded pointing over her shoulder, ‘James is up there with his brother Tom and some friends from school.  Fiona has just rung to say that they are leaving the restaurant and will be with us in bout ten minutes.’
Debbie looked over to where Katie had pointed but she couldn’t see James, as there were lots of people milling about.  All of a sudden Jane appeared at Debbie’s side and brushed against her arm, ‘Oh hi.’ Debbie said as if woken from a daydream, ‘Jane this is Marcus and Katie, they both work in my office.’
‘Please to meet you.’ Jane shook hands with both before looking back to her friend and said, ‘Where are we starting?’
‘Starting?’ Marcus asked.
‘Well yes, the night must start somewhere and it is Friday night!’  Jane had a massive smile on, making everyone smile and laugh.
‘Tell you haven’t been out in a while!’  Debbie said giggling, before clapping her hands and continued, ‘Well we’re right outside slug and lettuce and their drinks aren’t too bad.’ Debbie moved behind her friend and pushed the small of her back towards the pub, allowing the others to follow.
As they stood at the bar waiting to be served, Debbie kept an eye on the door so that she could see when James arrived.  She wasn’t really concentrating, when suddenly her knees buckled and she almost fell off her heels.  Turning around quickly, hand raised slightly to let the person know who had knocked into her knees that it wasn’t funny, there stood James.  His hair was spiked, his face was clean shaven and the smell that radiated from him almost made her swoon.
‘Hi!’ His words were simple and brought her quickly out of her stare.
‘Hi,’ fumbling slightly with her bag she continued, ‘Katie said you were about?’
‘Yes I was just catching up with some old school friends that I haven’t seen in ages.’  The man stood by his side made a noise in the back of his throat, ‘Oh, this is my brother Tom.’  Motioning his hand towards his brother to indicate who he was introducing.
Extending her hand to shake, Debbie said, ‘Nice to meet you.’  As they shook she quickly glanced over Tom.  He was a little taller than James and his hair was more mousey brown, than dark brown but like James he looked as though he looked after both his body and his appearance.  ‘I was just getting a round in?’  She turned and saw that the crowds had taken advantage of her lack of attention, looking back at James and with a cheeky smile said ‘But I seem to have lost my place.’
‘Are let me!’ Tom preceded forward, ‘Stick about and when I start ordering I’ll get your drinks too.’
‘OK thanks.’ Debbie smiled sweetly and then when Tom’s attention was focused on getting served she mouthed to his brother, ‘Brother?’
James shrugged, ‘I’ve never felt a need to talk about him.’
‘I guess if you’re not going to talk about your wife, you’re even less likely to talk about your family!’ She knew it was a bit of a low swing, but she couldn’t work out if James was simply a liar or incredibly closed off and personal.  When no answer came she saw that he had gone slightly red in the face but it didn’t appear to be from anger.  She had never seen him show embarrassment before and instantly felt sympathetic.  Touching the side of his arm she said, ‘I guess it’s all part of getting to know you.’
Smiling he said, ‘Yes.’
‘Debbie, thought you were getting the round in?’ Jane’s voice suddenly came from behind.  She had gone to the toilet and had anticipated that by the time she got back the drink would be waiting for her. ‘Oh sorry!’  Suddenly seeing that Debbie’s hand was still on the gentleman to Debbie’s left she added, ‘I didn’t realise you were talking to someone.’
‘Don’t worry.’ Debbie responded, ‘Firstly the drinks are being bought by Tom,’ she pointed towards the taller gentleman behind the guy Debbie was still holding onto, ‘James’s brother.’  She then moved slightly to allow James to move out to meet Jane. ‘And this is James.’
‘Nice to meet you.’ Jane extended a hand and then as usual not to conceal her expression mouthed ‘Wow’ to Debbie.  ‘Shall I give Tom a hand then?’
‘Ummm…’ Debbie was slightly taken aback by her friend’s forwardness.  She went with it, turned and tapped lightly on Tom’s shoulder.  As he turned she said, ‘Hi, this is my friend Jane, she’s knows what we’re having and has offered to lend you a hand.’
‘OK, nice to meet you Jane.’ As Jane took Debbie’s place, conversation started between them and Debbie began to feel like a third wheel until she felt light pressure on her elbow from behind.  She turned to see James and decided to take her friends advice and start to get to know him.
Across the bar Katie and Marcus sat at a table observing the crowds.  For some time they had each been watching their colleagues and guests talking when suddenly Marcus said, ‘You know I think they did sleep together.’
‘Who?’ Katie said, bringing her eyes off of the crowds and onto Marcus.
‘Debbie and James.’
She looked and as she watched she could see James gently stroking the outside of Debbie’s arm as they spoke.  Whenever she laughed at something he’d said, her hand came to rest on his chest.  Katie lent close to Marcus, ‘You’re right you know.  Look how she’s acting round him?’
Concern began to fall on Marcus, as he watched two of his closest friends flirt and tease one another.
When Marcus hadn’t said anything she looked at him and then she saw the concern in his face.  ‘What’s wrong?’
Shaking his head slightly as if to wake himself from a dream he said, ‘She’s playing with fire.’
‘What, you think he’s a player?’  Katie’s voice almost sounded surprised at her own question.
‘No not a player.  Just married.’
Katie gasped and then hurriedly said, ‘Does she know?’
Marcus gave a grim nod, ‘I think so?’
  Shocked Katie exclaimed, ‘I didn’t think Debbie was one for getting herself involved in affairs?’
‘No, but I’m not entirely sure she realises she is.’ Pausing slightly he continued, ‘See how she holds her body?’ Katie hummed to indicate she did, ‘She’s trying not fall for him, but the more he speaks to her, the more her guard is lowering.’
Katie raised her eyebrow in astonishment, ‘You got all that from her body language?’
‘No we’ve just had loads of conversations.’  Marcus laughed and Katie pushed against him realising that she had almost fallen for his explanation.
‘What you guys chatting about?’  Debbie asked as the group of four descended upon the table.
‘Oh not much.’  Marcus said while still chuckling.  Katie went slightly red and opted to have a drink to allow her cheeks to calm down before she joined the conversation.
Debbie hoped that Jane or Tom would sit between her and James.  Unfortunately they both seemed determined to push them closer together as they took the two remaining stools leaving them to stand in between.  As they all stood and chatted Debbie couldn’t help herself, and leant her leg against James’.  In response he changed his stance to allow her to lean more comfortably, enjoying the more relaxed Debbie.  From where he stood he could smell her different scents, from the shampoo she used, her perfume and the other he could only guess to be a delicate deodorant.  None of them were bad and all complemented each other, filling his nostrils and obscuring his concentration.
Fiona arrived with her husband just as they were moving on towards the next bar.  Introductions were quick, but as both had had quite a bit of wine with their meal, they didn’t need to have much to catch up with the others.
After each round was finished, they moved onto the next establishment and as more alcohol was consumed the talk became more active and full of laugher.  Several times during the evening, flirtatious behaviour occurred between two of the couples, while the only two people not involved kept watch and occasionally intervened where Debbie and James were concerned.  Both Jane and Tom knew of the predicament, but as they discussed what their counterparts had said, they found that in actual fact there might be more than simply lustful actions.  By the time they got to the club, they all had had too much to drink to really care, especially when they got to the disco room.  They all danced together, changing partners and singing to the music.
From there they moved into the rock music room.  As soon as they walked into the door, Marcus and Debbie looked at each other and ran for the dancefloor.  The others laughed, but did not have the same longing to head bang and so went over to the bar to get the next round.  By this point Jane and Katie had moved onto water but the two brothers were still doing shots.  Once the girls had their drinks they moved to the edge of the dancefloor to watch the other two prance about.
The glasses hit the table and after Tom drew in a deep breath he said, ‘Do you like her more than Sam?’
James coughed, having a mixture of shock at his brother’s bluntness and the hit of the shot still lingering in his throat but he managed, ‘It’s a different feeling.’
Tom turned and forced his brother to face him.  ‘Well you are going to have to choose pretty dam quickly because neither of those women deserve such treatment.’
Alcohol fog lifted slightly, as his brother’s glare seemed to hit him across the face, bringing him quickly to reality.  He looked over to the dance floor and saw Debbie.  Her body moved in time with the song, while Marcus couldn’t quite seem to find the beat.  He gave a short laugh, but as he looked back at his brother, his smile quickly faded, as the face he met was still concerned.  
He gave a weak shrug and said, ‘All I can say is that I have never felt this way.  She’s amazing Tom, she’s beautiful, intelligent and despite being strong minded, she’s so funny and outgoing.  When I’m with her I just want to hold her, smell her body and kiss those soft lips.  With Sam it’s always just been comfortable.’  Forgetting himself slightly he coughed and straightened his body realising he had said too much.
‘Dear God man, if you can tell me that again when you’re sober, I’ll tell you that you are in love with her and that it isn’t purely sexual.’
‘Oh that’s even more amazing!’  His eyes glazed over as he remembered their night together in the hotel and then the following morning.
His brother hit him on the shoulder to wake him up, ‘You’re going to make me sick, go on and have some fun!’  He indicated with his head that he should go dance.  As he watched his brother stride over to the dance floor, trying not to look to keen but failing miserably, he decided to go and join the girls.  ‘I think he’s in love.’  He said as he arrived next to Jane.  ‘Do you know if she is?’
Jane looked up at him from her seated position on the stool then out to her friend.  She saw James moved in behind her friend and without flinching she let him wrap his arm around her, pulling her in close.  She had never seen her allow a man to do it before, so she answered, ‘I think she might be.  Do you know his wife very well?’
Tom nodded, ‘They’ve been together since they were teenagers near enough.  She’s nice, but he’s never been like this around her.  I’ve told him he’s got to decide and I’ll make him do it quickly as well.  Neither of those girls deserves to be treated like this by him.’
On the dance floor Marcus saw James arrive before Debbie did.  They shook hands, but he could tell that his attentions were more on Debbie, who was wiggling her body and throwing her arms in the air in time to the music, almost like a professional dancer.  So, after shaking hands with James he made an excuse that he needed a drink and headed to join the others beside the dance floor.
Debbie had in fact seen James come onto the dance floor, yet she had decided to ignore him to see what he would do.  She didn’t expect him to come up behind her and curl his arm around her waist.  She felt so safe that she let him draw her in close to his body.  She could smell his cologne, her favourite.  As his body moved in time with hers she could feel his muscles tensing and it caused the moistness between her legs to grow.  The people and the music almost faded away and all she could think about was him and how much she wanted to be with him.
As the music changed so did their dance moves, but apart from rubbing against each other’s bodies, they never kissed despite how each of them really wanted to.  It didn’t seem like any time passed, until half way through a song, the lights suddenly came on and they started to fade out the music.   The staff began to ask for people to start making their way to the exits.  Confused Debbie looked around, as if waiting for the emergency to be told, as she thought it couldn’t be much later then midnight for certain.
James continued dancing until the music could no longer be heard and even then he couldn’t help but spin Debbie round.  He was amazed at how well she kept her balance on those heels.
On the last spin she said, ‘Hang on let me get my phone out.  I can’t see the others anywhere!’  As she riffled through her small handbag she found her mobile and, touched the screen to bring it to life.
‘New phone?’  James asked as he hugged her from behind, nestling his chin on her shoulder.
‘Umm… yeah got delivered yesterday.  Almost forgot I had ordered it.’  She chuckled, ‘Got two messages from Jane’.
She read the text:

Hey u ikle minx we go out to get something to eat.   The club will be closing, so we want to get in taxi Q b4 the hordes of pple arrive!

‘They’ve gone for food.’  Debbie said over her shoulder, James hummed a single note in response. As she read the second one she said, ‘Ah, but now they’ve gone home as they’ve finished eating and your brother nearly got them chucked out of KFC.
‘He’s an idiot!’  James snorted, ‘Most probably queue jumped’
Patting the top of his head she said, ‘Is that all you have to say?’
‘He’s my older brother, I cannot be held responsible for things that he does when I am not around.’  He kissed the side of her neck, sending shivers down her spine before saying, ‘Shall we go then before they start to sweep us out of the door with a broom!’
‘Yeah ok, but you’ll have to let go of me first.’  Debbie chuckled as he tutted and unwrapped his arms from around her waist.
Taking her by the hand, he lead her out of the dance floor and out towards the street.  As they stood in the enormous queue for KFC he said, ‘Do you actually want something from here?’  As he looked at her, he could see that she was hardly wearing any make up and yet she was still stunning.  Sam always wore make up, even when it was just them around the house.
‘Not really.’ She took a side step to look down the length of the queue and then back over towards the burger van.  Pointing she said, ‘Let’s have a burger instead!’ and then grinning she took him by the hand and lead him to the much shorter queue by the van that was possibly selling anything other than beef.
They found a free bench to perch on and eat their drunken food.  It had been gorgeous weather all day and now without a cloud in the sky the temperature had dropped slightly, but it was still quite mild considering summer had not officially yet begun.  As they sat there Debbie’s mobile made a noise, indicating another message had come in.
‘No wonder you didn’t hear that in there, it’s like a couple of insects flying around!’
Debbie simply stuck out her tongue at James’ remark.
‘Put it away otherwise I’ll show you how you can use it!’
Debbie raised an eyebrow and laughed, but as she read the text her smile faded.
‘What’s wrong?’  His voice was concerned as he had never seen Debbie change mood quite so quickly.
‘Oh nothing, just Jane telling me where she’s left the key so that I can get in.’  It wasn’t a complete lie, she simply left out the bit where her best friend told her that she was not to sleep with James tonight, no matter how horny she might feel at that moment.  She knew her too well and had obviously seen how they were dancing and realised that despite her best efforts she had been very flirtatious all night.
The pair sat in silence for a while, each in their own thoughts, then suddenly James said, ‘How far away is Jane’s house?’
Standing up and straightening out her skirt, she brushed off the crumbs that had managed to deposit themselves all over her, she said, ‘Bout five minutes in the taxi’.
‘Walking distance?’ He said looking up at her.
She gave him a coy look before slowly saying, ‘Takes about fifteen minutes.’
‘Would you care to walk me there and I’ll order a taxi to get there in about half an hour?’  He stood out and offered his arm to walk with him.
Debbie looked over to the taxi queue and then back at James.  It would mean spending a bit more time with him and it is a nice evening, she though and then looked between the queue and James several times before she decided.
When no answer came and she didn’t take his arm he shoved his hands in his pockets and said, ‘I’m not going to jump you Debbie.  I just thought it would be nice and would give us a chance to chat without all the noise.  I know I’m getting old, but I couldn’t really understand a word you were saying in the club.’
Horrified that he had taken her body movements to mean that she said, ‘Sorry, I know you wouldn’t.’  She reached out and gently grabbed the side of his arm.  Feeling the muscle beneath she said quietly, ‘I’m not sure if I won’t though.’  She looked down and then back up at him feeling as though her cheeks were beginning to grow hot with her sudden boldness.
The awkwardness didn’t last long as he responded, ‘Well I’m willing to take that chance if it means I get to spend some more time with just you.’
Elated by his reply she jovially took hold of his arm and they began the walk back to Jane’s house.  As they walked they chatted about all manners of things; from the members of each other’s families to who their favourite author was.
They had been walking for about five minutes when James stopped and took his mobile out of his pocket, ‘Better actually order the taxi before we arrive otherwise we’ll end up waking someone up and I don’t want you to get into trouble for being seen with me.’
Debbie went to protest, but before she could say anything on the matter the operator answered and James’ mouthed to her what the address was and she obediently told him.
When he finished booking the taxi, they started walking in the general direction of Jane’s house.  Debbie did know where she was going, but as she was somewhere between being drunk and being sober she had to keep glancing about her to make sure they were still heading the right direction.
During a gap in the random conversations, James said, ‘My brother told me tonight not to mess you or Sam about and that I needed to make a decision soon because neither of you deserve such treatment.’
Shocked, Debbie fell silent, not sure how best to respond.  So she kept walking.  As they walked in silence under a bridge she finally said, ‘Have you a made a decision then?’
‘You’re amazing Debbie, but I’ve known Sam my whole life.’  He unhooked Debbie’s arm and shoved his hands in his pockets, before looking down to the floor and quickening his step.
Debbie, surprised by his sudden detachment, trotted to catch up and when she did she grabbed hold of his arm and pulled backwards to make him stop.  ‘I’m sorry James, it was selfish of me to ask and really I don’t want you to make a decision now because I don’t want you to leave Sam for me.’
‘Huh?’  James looked round puzzled, still keeping his hands in his pockets.
‘I mean of course I would be flattered, but I don’t want you to leave her just because of me.  I would rather you left because, because’ throwing her hands up in the air and exhaling quickly she finished, ‘I don’t know.’
Still stood with his arms in his pockets he said, ‘So basically you’re trying to say that you don’t want to be the reason I break up with Sam.’  Now he moved towards Debbie as she slowly walked in tight circles, avoiding his gaze at all costs.  He timed it so that he came face to face with her as she turned, making her stop and look up.  As their eyes locked, ‘Right now I want you and if I do leave Sam it will be for you because when I’m with you I don’t have to pretend, I don’t have to worry about how I’m acting.’
As he spoke she didn’t really hear him from the loudness of her heart beating.  They were stood so close that she could feel his breath coming over the tip of her nose.  He went to start speaking again, but she beat him to it and brought her lips up to meet his.  Once again the passion rose between them and as their mouths parted, their tongues were eager to meet again.  James wrapped his arms around her back, Debbie was not quick enough to move her arms and they became squashed between their bodies, but she did not push away.  She didn’t want to break the moment, yet as James began to move her backwards towards the wall of the bridge she had to move her arms out to help steady herself and make sure he didn’t bump her to hard.  At the moment her body touched the wall she had brought her arms up and around James’ head, running her hands across the top of his short hair, their kissing still lustful and hungry.  James soon broke away from the kiss and began placing kisses down her neck and along her exposed collar bone.  Debbie drew in breath as he pushed his hand up under her skirt, round her thigh; he lifted her leg and wrapped it round his waist.  
As he caressed her butt cheek he whispered in her ear, ‘Were you planning on having sex tonight?’
Debbie gave a tilt to her head, ‘No, why?’
‘You don’t seem to be wearing any underwear.’ He said as he continued to kiss her neck and nibble on her ear lobes.
‘I often go commando.’  Debbie chuckled and pulled his head round to kiss him on the lips.  She heard him unzip his trousers and the excitement grew at the prospect of having sex outside for the first time.  She then felt the helmet of his manhood touch her moist lips and as if her conscious suddenly realised what was going on, her eyes flew open and she pushed against James, forcing her leg down.  ‘Shit, God, Dam, I’m so sorry!  We can’t do this here!’
James quickly tucked his hardness back into his trousers and tried to zip himself without inflicting injury, ‘Did I hurt you?’
Holding her head in her hands she murmured, ‘No’ tears began running down her cheeks and trying to hide her emotion she continued, ‘Did I hurt you?’
‘No, I think I’ve managed to put it away without any injury.’  Seeing that she was clearly upset he said, ‘Look at me Debbie!’  
When she shook her head ‘No’ in response he started to peel her fingers away from her face.  He was surprised at how tight she was holding her hands there but he persevered and eventually she relaxed to uncover a red tear stricken face.  
‘Debbie what’s wrong?’  Real concern coming through in his voice.
Quietly she said, ‘Nothing.’ while her thoughts scream, ah stupid brain coming to life at the wrong moment!  Debbie’s arms were straight against her body and she looked up to the ceiling of the bridge.  Taking a deep breath she steadied her voice as she explained, ‘Jane told me not to sleep with you tonight and as much as I want you, the thought popped into my head and that was it, all the fun and excitement left.’
James chuckled and stroked the side of her face.  ‘Oh is that all.  I guess we shouldn’t have sex.  My brother pretty much said the same to me.  He said I needed to have these lustful feelings when we’re both sober.’
As their emotions settled and they each returned to normality, smiles began to emerge and each of them smoothed down their clothing and began to walk once again in the direction of Debbie’s friend’s house.  As they walked Debbie linked arms with James, half because as the alcohol wore off the pain in the soles of her feet grew with each step and also just to keep bodily contact with him.
‘I’m amazed that you have managed to last this long!’ James said as he began to notice her hobble steadily get worst and their pace get slower.
‘It’s amazing just how numbing alcohol can be.’  She said as they rounded the bend and she saw that she would be able to soon take off her gorgeous yet painful shoes. In front of them two houses stood alone.  As they neared James’ mobile went off in his pocket at the same time that a car drove up on the road behind them.  ‘Well that was good timing, Jane’s house is the one on the right.’
Turning, James signalled to the driver that it was he that had booked the taxi and then turned to Debbie and said, ‘Good night fair maiden for the sun will be rising soon, bringing with it a brand new day, but alas I cannot be here when it does.’  
With one hand he gestured at the grandeur of the house and with the other he took Debbie’s hand in his and finished with, ‘Although I see you will be looked after so I shall not worry.’ he gently kissed her small knuckles, ‘Good night and may your dreams be full of pleasant memories.  I hope to see you again soon.’
Debbie didn’t quite know what to say, his speech was all she had read and watch from period dramas, yet it seemed very out of character for James to be saying it.  Then again there seemed to be many things she did not know about the handsome gentleman that stood before her and she hoped that she would be able to learn.  
As his lips left the surface of her hand she replied, ‘Thank you kind sir for ensuring my safe return and yes I think we shall meet again very soon.’
‘Not a problem.’ and with that he let go of her hand and motioned for her to walk the remainder of the way.  He walked backwards towards the waiting taxi driver.  ‘You waiting for James?’ he said to the driver as he neared the car.  The driver nodded and James opened the rear door.  Before stepping in, he watched as Debbie opened the front door and entered.  Before closing, she looked up and smiled, bringing her hand up to give a short wave.  He held his hand to acknowledge her wave, smiled and got into the cab.
Debbie waited until the cab was out of sight before closing the door as quietly as she could.  She knew she was most probably making a racket, as always happened when arriving home moderately drunk.  Taking off her shoes she sighed as her feet came into contact with the cool wood flooring, soothing the pain shoes had inflicted.  She loved to wear high heels, but they really didn’t do anything for her feet.  She made her way into the kitchen and poured herself a pint of water, enjoying the taste of the plain drink.  She had downed nearly half the pint when she heard someone coming down the stairs.  Lowering the glass she turned to see Jane rounding the corner of the stairs.  
In as hushed a voice as she could managed she asked, ‘Did I wake you up?’
‘Put it this way you wouldn’t make a very good burglar, but lucky for you Matthew wouldn’t even wake up if you put an air raid siren next to his head.  I couldn’t sleep when I got in.’  She padded over to her friend, re adjusting her pale blue dressing gown as she did.  As she approached the two friends hugged each other and Jane took a sip from Debbie’s glass.  ‘I heard the car outside and hoped it would be you.’  Seeing her friends face begin to look sheepish, she continued, ‘Don’t worry I wasn’t waiting up for you to see what would happen or make sure you didn’t kiss the gorgeous man, I simply wanted to check that it was you.’
Looking down at her feet Debbie said, ‘It’s ok, I would have done the same thing.’
Stroking the side of her friends arm, as she looked up Jane said, ‘I was surprised to see him kiss your hand and very proud of you to not jump on him for being so romantic.’
Smiling Debbie replied, ‘I didn’t quite know what to do.  It was as if we were in some modern day period drama.  Oh Jane, he makes it so easy to forget that he is already married.’  Frustration boiling over Debbie threw her arms down by her sides and looked up into the air, ‘Why can’t I just find a guy who isn’t already attached?  It’s bloody Africa all over again!’
‘I don’t know the answer to that but,’ sighing and taking her friend by the hand she started to walk her towards the stairs, ‘I don’t condone what you two are doing. Tom and I discussed that you two are in love with each other,’ feeling her friend squirm and blush, ‘yes you are do not deny it and as long as he decides which cake he would like to eat quickly, then I am not too worried.’
Debbie stopped still on the stairs causing her friend to look back her, ‘Really?’
‘Debbie you may be in love with him, but at the same time, most of it is lust and I’ll be there to help you move on if it turns out to be nothing more than that.’
Smiling she continued to climb the stairs saying, ‘Thanks,’ and in an even quieter voice said, ‘I hope he chooses me otherwise I’ll have to change jobs.’
Jane didn’t say anything, but mentally made a note that she was going to take her friend out shopping in the morning and help her figure out what she wants.  For now she took her friend by the hand and led her upstairs to the spare bedroom.  Debbie had been offered to lodge in the room but Jane knew that Debbie lived in organised chaos and as she had quite rightly said, she liked her better as a friend then a landlady.
The following morning, before Debbie was due back to the house to load the car up and move into her new cottage, Jane did as she had planned and took her friends shopping.  After lunch they made their way back towards the car, stopping occasionally at shops that took their fancy.  In the afternoon Debbie went to her cottage starting to unpacked and hang pictures on the wall.
 
~ Chapter 8 – Back on the Farm ~

Trevor had said to come and find him in the afternoon.  She wandered towards the barn a little before four and quickly found him. As she helped him move some of the young calves around the barn, Trevor said ‘I need you to drive the tractor tomorrow.’  
‘OK, no worries.  What time?’
‘Well I need to show you how we do the straw cart so as long as it’s sunny we’ll start first thing.  So if you come over for about 7ish we’ll go from there.’
Debbie had limited knowledge of the working of a farm and having never done a straw cart before she was not entirely sure what that involved.   She had done the waiting game for better weather though, which usually involved lots of cups of tea followed by an intense working session.  She disliked those times mainly because there were no toilet facilities available.  It was about the only time that Debbie wished she was male, as getting caught short or in these cases with a full bladder, there never seemed to be a big enough bush to cover her dignity.
Debbie had dinner at the farm and as she ate she started to get the feeling that Alison felt she needed to feed her in case it got reported back to her mother that she was losing weight or something.  Alison was also hinting quite a bit as to her love life or lack thereof.  
‘You know you can invite as many friends back to your cottage as you like, treat it as your home.’ was one such comment.
Debbie was unsure of how to answer, as she was didn’t know where the conversation was leading, ‘Thanks I will once I’ve settled in and I have the cottage how I like it.  I’ve only just started to unpack so it’s a bit of a bomb site.  I may also get a few more bits of furniture.’
‘Oh well if you need more room we have several spare bedrooms here and our sons rarely come home these days.’
‘Your sons?’  Debbie asked as she had only ever heard of Matt who lived with his wife and four children up north somewhere and they only came down for birthdays and Christmas.
‘Well you know Matt?’  Debbie nodded, ‘Well we also have another son called Phil, he’s been away at university in reading and is coming back this summer after spending a year out in Canada on a farm out there.’
‘Oh right, is that the blond haired one that is in the pictures in the lounge?’  Debbie asked as she started to clear away the plates, trying not to sound too interested.
‘Yes, although I fear that he now has a mop for a hairdo and possibly a lot more facial hair.’  As they loaded the dishwasher Alison kept going with her disapproving discussion of her younger son, ‘I am glad that he has finally decided that he does want to do farming, as Matt has never been the farming sort and I was afraid that Phil would be a skater boy for the rest of his life and never amount to anything.’
‘Does he snowboard as well?’  Debbie’s ears had picked up at the prospect of her having more in common with their son.  Part of her hoped at that point that he would be back for the straw cart and would at the very least distract her from her soap opera life.
‘I think so.’  Alison looked up at the ceiling as she thought and then when she couldn’t decide, she shook her head and carried on clearing the dinner away.
‘Before you too get carried away with some girly talk,’ Trevor interrupted bringing the remainder of the washing up to the dishwasher, ‘do you have to give much notice for taking holiday from work?’
Debbie looked upwards to think and then said, ‘How short a notice are we talking?’
‘About a day or possibly a morning, sometime in the near future, like next week.’
‘Wow, umm I’m sure it wouldn’t be a problem.  I may have to pop in and sort out emails, but I can be back by ten if that would be any help.  Are you thinking for the straw cart?’
‘Hay cart, yes generally if it’s a nice warm day and the hay is dry we need to bail it up and get it into the barn at Martin’s as quick as possible.’

Her cheeks had reddened at the slight rebuke from Trevor as she replied, ‘Oh right,’
‘So as long as you could get back for lunch then what normally happens is we bail until about an hour before rush hour starts and then spend the rest of the afternoon and evening transporting the bails to the barn.’
‘Sounds like fun and much more enjoyable then sitting at my desk trying to sell packaging.’
Trevor made a noise in the back of his throat as he tried not to imagine such boredom, ‘Ali, when did Phil say his flight was?’
‘On Tuesday night into Heathrow terminal four I think.’
‘Humm…. Well hopefully I’ll have some work for him to do and Debbie here hasn’t taken over everything.’  He playfully nudged Debbie and headed for the backdoor and picking up the local newspaper.
Felling slightly put upon Debbie piped up, ‘I’m happy to share I’m sure Phil will be much better at driving the tractor or stacking then I am.’
‘You’re too harsh on yourself Debbie, you did well this afternoon with the calves considering you work in an office all day long.’
Blushing slightly Debbie thanked Trevor as he walked over to his chair and sat down to read the local newspaper.  She turned back and saw Alison grin and give her a wink.  ‘Well, thank you for dinner and I’ll see you tomorrow morning.’
Debbie let herself into the kitchen just before 7am, still wiping sleep from her eyes and trying desperately to wake up quickly, as she had quite forgotten why her alarm was going off on a Sunday morning and had let it snooze several times before the penny dropped.
‘Morning, Deb!’ Alison’s voice was very cheerful for this time in the morning and seemed to be coming from the pantry.
Debbie made her way over, ‘Is it ok for me to make myself a cup of coffee?’
‘Certainly my dear, I’ll get you a travel mug as well.  Trevor has just popped out to the barn to check on the calves, he told me to make you some breakfast as he’s waiting to hear from Martin of what he wants to do today.’
‘Oh’ Debbie said through a yawn, ‘huh?’
‘Huh?’  Alison came out holding two eggs and a loaf of granary bread.  ‘Martin has the combine and so gets to decide if he’s going to cut and then Trevor can take along the bailer and you can load up the bails.’
‘No other help?’  Debbie lent against the kitchen table, allowing herself to wake up a bit more.
‘Luke might be about later, if Di hasn’t got anything planned,’ Alison saw Debbie’s confused face at the loss for who these people are, ‘Sorry, Luke is Trevor’s brother that has a landscaping business, but helps out with us from time to time.’
‘Oh right.’  The kettle clicked off and Debbie made herself the first drink of the morning while Alison began to cook a fry-up sandwich.  It looked a mess within the bread, but as she took a bite it tasted gorgeous and she guessed that it would keep her full for ages.
By the time Trevor came back Debbie had woken up enough to be able to put more than two words into a conversation.  He said from the start off that he wasn’t sure what they would be able to get done today, as the clouds had rolled in and it looked like the warm weather they had been experiencing was going to come to an abrupt end.  Then again this was England and the weather was anything but predicable.
‘Let’s get you driving the tractor, then as I need you to learn how to use the loader.’
‘OK’ Debbie tried not to look nervous.  She needn’t had worried though, the movement of the tractor levers was quite straight forward and in no time she was performing all sorts of manoeuvres in the farm yard.   She just hoped that she would be able to do the same when it came to loading the bales of hay, whatever that involved.  Unfortunately, half way through combining the rain started to fill the air and the bailing was called off but they continued to combine as it still needed to be done and as long as it did not pour down all would be fine and they would have to let the straw dry out.

~ Chapter 9 – Splitting the Two Jobs ~
Once again it was Monday morning.  Just before Debbie got into her car Trevor came running over from the main house and reminded her to ask her boss if she would be able to have time off over the next few weeks.  It wasn’t likely to be until Thursday at the earliest even if it was very dry but as long as the rain held off, they would start bailing.  Debbie didn’t think Fiona would have a problem with it, as long as she made sure any meetings were covered.  As she came into the office she made a bee line for Fiona’s desk.  It looked as though she had come in early to get started on the week’s emails. ‘Morning?’
Fiona looked up and smiled, ‘Morning Debs, have a good weekend?’
‘Yes thanks.’ She replied smiling,  ‘Did you enjoy Friday night?’
Fiona nodded her head, ‘Yes, it was very diverting.’
‘Fiona, the farmer I rent the cottage from has asked if I would be able to help with the hay cart between now and September basically.’
Fiona seemed to stare at her for some time before she asked, ‘Do you think you’ll need the whole of August off?’
Realising how her question sounded she quickly said, ‘Oh no, but I may need to take half a day or whole day at short notice.  Do you think that would be ok?’  Debbie nervously rubbed her hands as she waited for the response.
‘Humm…’ Fiona gave a short pause increasing the suspense, but finally gave Debbie a broad smile, ‘No worries Debbie as long as you don’t leave any of your clients a drift and keep James and Katie up to date on all the outgoing documents and meetings, that should be fine.  You may also be able to work from home, I trust you to be honest about the hours you work.’
Relief dropping from her face Debbie said, ‘Of course!’  As she turned she practically skipped back to her desk and almost collided with James.
‘Morning Debs, good weekend?’  James asked as he moved out of her way towards his desk.
‘Yes thanks.’  She couldn’t think of anything else to say so simply started up her computer and her other morning tasks.
Not long after, Marcus and Katie walked in, talking away and breaking the silence that had fallen over the half full office.  ‘Morning you two!’ Fiona called out from her desk, ‘Did you have a good evening on Friday?’
‘Yes thanks.’ Marcus replied as Katie blushed and hurried to her desk.  They weren’t late in, but Fiona had a way of making you feel like you were in trouble, even if you had not done anything wrong.
‘Katie? I need to go through some stuff with you as I might not be much in the office over the next month.’
‘OK,’ Katie said as she laid the stack of mail on her desk ready to open.
Marcus perched himself on the edge of Debbie’s desk, gave a wink and nodded over to where James was talking to Fiona.
Looking in the direction his nod went, Debbie waved her hand in the air to dismiss his indication, ‘No no, Trevor has asked me to do some extra work on the farm to help out with the straw cart.  I’ve spoken to Fiona about it and I just need to organise my schedule with Katie so that even if I’m not here she can handle stuff.’
‘I’m sure she’ll love that!’  Sarcasm hung from his words but both girls ignored it.
Throughout the day Debbie managed to rearrange many of her future meetings so that they were in the morning so that need be she didn’t have to be in the afternoon.  She also successfully managed to avoid directly talking to James and only had to be near him as they all walked out at the end of the day.  As they all crammed into the lift to go down she tried not to breath in too hard as James had made sure that he was stood next to her and he was wearing the scent that made her legs go to jelly.  However, her body wasn’t quite as keen as she discovered that her hand had slowly moved down and brushed against his.  Neither looked at each other but at her touch James moved his hand to take hold of it.  The electricity flowed between them and their grip on each other tightened until at last the lift found the ground floor and as the group departed the hands loosened and for the first time today they both looked at each other deep in the eyes and smiled.
The rest of the week continued much the same and each lunchtime Debbie hoped that her mobile would start ringing and she would be able to return home and start learning something new.  However the call never came and the meetings and emails could not be avoided.
On Wednesday, Debbie arrived home to find a note that was becoming quite familiar to her. Come to the house when you get in.  
‘I think I’ll get some permanent notes and then they can choose where they need me.’  She didn’t quite know why she said it aloud, but before she went over to the farmhouse she nipped inside and changed into her work clothes.  Oddly she was beginning to feel more comfortable in these clothes then she was in her suits, something she thought she would never feel.
‘Hello?’  Debbie called out as she entered the house, instantly two collies barged their way through the living room door, bashing it against the wall as they made a beeline for Debbie.  She had got use to this greeting and so crouched down so that she wasn’t knocked down.  Her face was instantly covered with a layer of saliva, but she didn’t mind.
Alison came through the door a few minutes later, ‘Hi Debbie, Trevor and Martin should be back soon, they’ve been out all day getting some of the hay cut.’
‘Oh he should have rung!’
Alison waved her hand through the air to dismiss her statement, ‘Don’t be silly it was a last minute thing and he wanted to wait and hear what your boss said before he started causing disruption.’
‘Oh fair point,’ she said tilting her head in agreement, then smiling she continued, ‘which by the way my boss was fine with me taking odd hours here and there, as long as I can make sure all my meetings are taken care of, which’ she did a little curtsey, she wasn’t entirely sure why, ‘I have managed to sort all day today so that most of my meetings are now in the morning which gives me all afternoon.  There are just a few days where I won’t be able to leave but as it stands for the next month I can at least be another pair of hands.  My boss has also suggested me working from home.’
Alison’s smile beamed at the news, ‘Oh Trevor will be happy and I know Phil will as well.  He’s not quite back on British time but,’ she paused slightly, turning to look towards the door that lead to the main house.  Turning back she asked, ‘Would you like some dinner Debs?’
‘Oh, no that’s ok I’ll go back and grab something in a bit.’
‘Don’t be silly, as you’re going to be doing some more work for us and it’s so nice to have someone about to help Trevor and I also hate thinking of you all alone over there.’
‘I’m fine, honest Alison, but yes if you have enough food I would love to stay for dinner, so I can find out a bit more of what I’m letting myself in for.’
While they were preparing the finishing touches to the dinner Trevor and Martin arrived back.  
‘Hi Debbie, have you met Martin?’
‘No I don’t believe I have.’  Debbie and Martin shook hands.  Martin was another man of small words and quickly excused himself to go and wash up before dinner.
‘Has Phil surfaced yet?’  Trevor asked as he peered into the Agar to see what was cooking.
‘I’m sure he’ll be down in a minute once he smells the food.’  Trevor grunted in response and made his way upstairs to get changed.
As he came back down both Martin and another man walked back into the room.  Debbie stared in amazement as she could only guess that the younger looking one was Phil.
‘Phil this is Debbie, she’s living in the cottage.’ Trevor called over his shoulder as he rounded the table to his usual seat.
‘I had guessed as much,’ he extended a hand to Debbie, ‘pleasure to meet you; I hear you are to be helping us with the straw cart?’
Debbie was a loss for words, in front of her stood a man that was a little taller than Trevor, broad shoulders like a rugby player, blond hair, that if it had not been wavy most probably would have been classed as curtains and had an olive tan, from where he had spent many days outside on the farm in the height of summer out in Canada.  His face was pleasant to look at, not overly gorgeous, but had a rugged handsomeness that Debbie liked.  
‘Nice to meet you too.’  She could feel her cheeks flush slightly and took a quick breath saying, ‘Ummm yes, your father seems to have incredible faith in the fact I can drive the tractor.’  She laughed nervously as she felt the strength in Phil’s arm as he shook her hand.  Shake firmly she heard her father say, there’s nothing worst then a limp wrist, even in a woman.  She shook back and seemed to impress Phil, as he made a noise in the back of his throat, very similar to his father.  A very nice distraction indeed.  Suddenly the thought of endless hours stacking bales of hay onto a wagon didn’t seem to be so daunting.
As they sat and ate dinner, Debbie found out more about how the straw cart was going to happen and she could sense that even though it would be hard work, the work would be concentrated.  She wasn’t sure that she would be able to lift the bails but she was going to try.  Trevor did say that she could borrow some of his gloves but looking at the size of his and Phil’s hands she thought it might be best to the garden centre and invest in some gloves.
Phil dominate most of the conversation, talking about his adventures and work in North America.  Debbie found it fascinating, but also became quite jealous of the life he had had so far.  She had been so driven to get her degree and work that she had forgotten what she really wanted and now she was selling packaging.  She wandered how long Phil was planning on staying in the UK, as she knew of the bug that people often got when they went travelling and were never truly happy unless they were doing so.
That night Debbie slept soundly for the first time in weeks, as her thoughts started to stray from James and his games that he seemed to be enjoying playing.  She knew she still loved him but for now Phil was indeed proving to show that there are other fish in the sea, she may not necessarily want any of them but at least they were nice to look at.
Dinner at the farmhouse was beginning to become a regular occurrence and Debbie lapped it up for she was certain it wasn’t going to last, especially if their son did decide to move back home for good and started working on the farm.  She wasn’t overly worried Trevor did not need her, as she was sure that Alison could always do with a hand baking for the many community events that she attended.
On Friday she found the atmosphere to be quite strange, as Phil was very quiet and seemed to hang from every word she spoke.  Not that she said much, only asked more about what the straw cart involved and what she would need to do.  Alison and Trevor both wore huge smiles all night.  It was as if a plan of theirs was coming together but did not want to say anything that might break the spell.
‘Who’s for a cuppa then?’  Alison asked as Phil and Debbie cleared the table.
‘Not for me thanks, I had better get back.  I’ve got a few things to sort for tomorrow.’  Debbie replied trying not to make eye contact with Alison.  She usually stayed for a cup of tea after dinner but tonight she felt awkward and she really did need to set up her account on her laptop so that she could work from home if need be.
‘OK if you’re sure?’  Alison held up the pint sized mug Debbie had been using and rocked it from side to side trying to temp her to have one.
‘No thank you, dinner was lovely as always.’  Debbie replied.
‘Yes, thanks mum it was delicious!’  Both Alison and Debbie turned to look at Phil with amazement.  Not for the comment but for the sudden outburst.
‘You’re welcome’ Alison finally replied.
Setting up the account on her laptop was easier than Debbie had imagined and when she arrived at work the following day she told Fiona that if need be she could work from home.

‘That’s great news Debbie!’  Fiona clapped her hands together once in a bravo fashion before continuing, ‘How on earth did you do it?  I’ve tried loads of times, but I can never seem to get it to set up properly.’
‘Another of my hidden talents I’m afraid.  You cannot really live in my house without knowing a computer inside and out.  Well, unless of course you are my mum and then you get exclusive rights not to be a part of the geek parade.’  Debbie chuckled remembering how her mum had learnt what she needed despite dad’s efforts to have her learn more.
As the sun beat down outside, Debbie couldn’t help but daydream and wonder if Trevor was going to call today to say that they needed her for the straw cart.  As far as she knew it had been a dry night, followed by a mild day.  There were quite a few clouds in the sky and she began to wonder if that made a difference to their decision.  While in mid thought her computer beeped at her to inform her that a message had arrived.  She turned her head to look at the screen; it was a message from James.
James’ Message: Hey daydreamer, stop smiling otherwise people will think you’re happy :-p

Debbie smiled and decided that she did need to crack on with some work but didn’t see the point in replying as he was only making a statement, until another one came through.
James’ Message: Not talking to me now?

She thought for a minute, she had been avoiding him slightly. 
Debbie’s Message: Of course not just been bit preoccupied.  
Waiting for a call to see when I am needed for the straw cart.

As James’ PC beeped she heard the keys rumbled and the definitive hit of the enter key to send the reply: 
James’ Message: I never really put you down as a hard labourer. Lol. I miss you talking to me.

Debbie was shocked, but tried not to openly express her feelings as she quickly typed.
Debbie’s Message: I haven’t stopped talking to you.  I just (she had to think for a minute because she didn’t know what to say) needed some space to know what I wanted and see what you wanted.

James tutted, it was a typical female remark of not really saying anything but managing to make a complicated situation.
James’ Message: I want you.

She still managed to keep her emotions in some control, her eyes focused on the screen. 
Debbie’s message: And Sam?

As she hit the return key she looked round the screen to see if he would look round.  He didn’t but a message popped on the screen: 
James’ message: Coffee?  

He got up took orders from the rest of the office and walked out of the office.
Locking her screen she stood only to find Marcus giving her a questioning look.  She shrugged her shoulders and headed for the kitchen.  Once in, James motioned for her to shut the door, she did and suddenly felt as though she was about to have a telling off.
Instead he walked over to her and took both her hands in his.  His hands were warm and soft.  He looked directly into her eyes and said, ‘I don’t know what is happening, but Sam and I have spoken and it turns out that she feels the same way I do.  We still love each other, but in the kind of family way rather than husband and wife.’  When Debbie didn’t give a response he continued, ‘I meant it when I said that you are one of the most amazing people I have ever met and I think I love you!’
Shocked Debbie instantly dismissed his remark, waving her hands and pushing her way past him towards the sink she said, ‘You don’t even know me!’
‘I’m trying to get to know you and what I know of you so far I love.  Isn’t that enough?’  His voice trailed off as he asked the question.  Debbie turned to face him and saw how sincere he looked, but it didn’t change anything, he was still married.
‘It would be if you weren’t already married!’  Her voice was calmer as she spoke, but the words hit James like a train.
‘It’s all different now between us.’  He looked to the floor as he spoke, not wanting to look her in the eyes anymore.  He could sense where she was going and she was right.
‘You’ve known her practically your whole life and you’re willing to give it up for some girl you’ve met at work?’  She replied stamping her foot slightly.
‘But you’re not just some girl!’  Frustration was building as he spoke, he felt as though he was losing the battle.
‘And how am I supposed to trust that you won’t do exactly the same thing to me?’  She retorted and James simply shrugged.  He couldn’t find any words to retaliate with and thought that you just will wouldn’t cut it right now.  ‘I need to know that when we’re not together you aren’t forming new relationships and trying to discover greener pastures, when you think ours has gone a bit yellow!’  Debbie couldn’t believe the words that she was saying.  She had thought them over and over for the past week and as good as it felt to say them, she also regretted it because she was beginning to feel torn.  She wanted him just as much and was glad that he was willing to leave his wife for her but at the same time that was just wrong.  She walked over to him and standing only inches away, she lent in and gave him a long kiss on the lips.  He tasted and smelled so good and it took all her will to not push him further or move her body into his.  As she parted she said, ‘Do what your brother says.  Make sure you know what you want, but don’t leave Sam to be with me, leave because down in your heart you truly believe that she is no longer the one you want to spend your life with.  Be single for a while, discover who you are and yes if we get to know each other more and things progress then fine but if not I will always cherish the fact I knew you.’
‘Wow!’  He couldn’t think of any response as he really hadn’t banked on her refusing him. ‘I err…’
She placed her hand on the side of his head, lent in and delicately kissed him on the mouth.  ‘I won’t have a coffee thanks.’  She moved past him and through the door, she didn’t look back and kept walking until she was midway between the kitchen and the office.  She stopped took a quick glance back to make sure that he hadn’t followed and when she saw he hadn’t, she put her face in her hands and desperately fought back the tears.
Back in the kitchen James moved over to the kettle, filled it and patiently waited for it to boil.  He contemplated going after her.  He thought about taking her by the arm, turning her round and kissing her so passionately that she would retract her refusal.  Her smell lingered on his clothes from where she brushed against him.  He breathed in deeply as he poured out the water, making each drink to order, as he had done hundreds of times before.  I’ll speak to Sam later and we’ll sort out our lives and then I will have Debbie, ‘I will!’  His voice sounded hollow in the empty room but it was filled with such passion that it shocked him.
As Debbie arrived at her desk Marcus walked over and lent against her desk.  She looked up at him as he said, ‘You ok?’
‘Please don’t ask me to talk about it!’  Her eyes welled up and she swallowed to help pushed the feelings back down.
‘OK.’ He stroked the side of her arm to give some reassurance and then said, ‘Your mobile has gone off a couple of times.’
Shaking her head slightly to dispel her feelings even more, she picked up her bag and rummaged through until she found her mobile.  ‘Thanks, hope it didn’t disturb you guys too much.’
‘No.  Katie took a call of yours as well.’ he handed her a note, ‘don’t worry Debs.’
She didn’t quite know what he meant until she looked at the note, all it had was a large smiley face and Katie had written underneath: 
Luke rang to say that he was happy with the package you offered and would like to start the shipment as soon as 

‘Brilliant!’ Debbie beamed at Marcus and then looked round to Katie and gave her thumbs up.  Katie reciprocated with double thumbs up.  She then slid her screen up to awaken her mobile.  She had three text messages, two from Trevor and one from a number she didn’t know.
Trevor: Can you come back for about 1pm today?
Trevor: If you can, we’re starting on duck pond field, meet us there.

Unknown: Hi Debbie its Phil, change of plan I’ll pick u up from farm just give us ring when u know what time u’ll b back 
Debbie felt her cheeks flush as she read Phil’s text.
‘Something important?’ James’ voice made her jump and she pulled her mobile screen flat against her stomach.
‘Message from my farmer, asking if I can come back this afternoon.’
‘Oh!’  He moved round to his desk while Marcus stood quietly next to Debbie trying not to get in the middle.
‘I guess Fiona hasn’t told you, I’m going to be working from home over the next couple of weeks to help do the straw cart.’
He simply looked at her, disbelief on his face.  He thought, she would never agree to that, surely.
As if on cue Fiona walked back into the office to a stunned silence.  ‘Have I missed something?’  She asked to the room in general.  Marcus took the opportunity to walk back to his desk and Katie was glad for the first time that her telephone began to ring.
‘Debbie says that she’s had word from her farmer, asking for her to come and help out.’  His voice had the tone to suggest that he thought this to be preposterous, but when Fiona clapped her hands together his face dropped and his mouth moved not to dissimilar to a goldfish.
‘Wonderful, oh you’ll have so much fun!’
With a triumphant smile on her face Debbie said, ‘hopefully, but it’s also going to be quite a bit of hard work.  But that’s not the best news!’
‘No?’  Fiona was now standing by Debbie giving her full attention
‘Luke has agreed to the package and wants to start as soon as possible!’
‘Fantastic!’  Fiona clapped the side of Debbie’s arm in acknowledgment and continued on her route to her desk ignoring James but said over her shoulder, ‘What time are you off then Debbie?’
‘Bout midday?’  She replied.
‘OK, make sure…’  Fiona started to say.
‘Katie knows all she needs to.’  Debbie cut in with a cheeky tone.
‘No need to be cheeky Debbie!’  Fiona’s face was serious but there was a glint in her eye conveying her amusement.
 
~ Chapter 10 – The Straw Cart ~

Debbie got back to the farm just before 12:30.  As she got out of her car and let herself into her cottage she rang Phil to say she was home and just getting changed.  She had just pulled on her jeans when she heard the tractor coming down the drive.  He said half an hour, it’s been ten minutes!  She hurriedly pulled her t-shirt over her head and rushed down the stairs.  As she opened the front door, Phil was just getting out of the cab.  He had taken his shirt off in all the heat and Debbie felt herself begin to stare and quickly turned her face away, feeling sure that she had turned a beetroot red.
In one month I’ve seen two gorgeous bodies on two people who really didn’t look like they would have bodies like that!  She thought as she walked over to her sofa to put her shoes on while looking out the window but then again he is a farmer, so at least it makes more sense!
‘Debs?’  Phil called from the front door.
‘Come in Phil I’m just putting my boots on!’  She called back from the sofa.
As he came in Debbie was partly disappointed to see that he had put a t-shirt on. ‘You’re filthy!’ She exclaimed as she stood up from her chair.
He chuckled.  ‘You soon will be as well!  All this dry weather has made it like a dust bowl out there.  At least it means we’ll get it done in good time.  Stop me old man fretting about it going mouldy.’
‘Oh good!  Let’s get going then?’  She started to walk towards the door.
‘Yes lets.’  As he followed her out of the front door, closing it to after making sure she had her keys on her, ‘At least you put jeans on.  Normally when city people come to help out in the summer they wear shorts and then get their legs all cut up from the lengths of straw or hay.’
Looking back over her shoulder she gave him a cheeky grin, ‘Not just a pretty face then?’
He laughed, ‘Maybe, I still need some proof!’
As they approached the tractor Debbie suddenly realised that it wasn’t the same one that was usually on the farm.  ‘Who’s tractor?’
‘Martin’s.  He’s combining for us today and said we could use his tractor.’  He took the lead and climbed inside the cab.  Once seated he held the door open with his foot, ‘You coming then?’
Debbie looked up at him and around the inside of the cab, ‘It’s a bit small in there!’
Looking around he laughed, ‘Oh Miss Debbie, would you rather drive then sit on the tool box?’
She tried not to go red.  She had managed to lose her creditability in under a minute and reminded her of Sam back in Africa.  She began to climb the steps.  As her body entered the cab and her hand went forward to grasp the back of the seat, she was shocked to find Phil’s hand offering a port of support that was closer.  ‘Oh!’ she manoeuvred her body round so that she was half on and half off of the tool box shelf, ‘Thanks’.
‘No worries.  Now remember you have no suspension just there so make sure you’re able to move up and down if the need arises.’
She knew he was being rude, but his face was so serious it was hard to tell, so she simply nodded and rearranged her feet so that she could.  As the noise of the engine was so loud they didn’t speak as he drove.  She thought of the JCB song and how the toolbox was rattling her bum, yet she could see why Phil had chosen to not wear a shirt before, it was sweltering.  I’ll wear a bikini top tomorrow she thought to herself.
As they entered the field Debbie saw the huge combine churning through the field, dust billowing out on all sides and a pile of cut straw coming out from underneath, forming a long straight pile.  Meanwhile another tractor was following along the lines of cut hay gathering it up through the front and then passing it through and coming out the back as a small rectangle bail.  As the bail came out of the back, it had been secured with twine, it was pushed down the ramp and onto the floor.  Behind the tractor was a trailer that had three sections to it and as the tractor moved forward the bail was pulled into one of the chambers.  The following one was directed into the next and this continued until six bails were inside and then the flap at the back was opened and all six were left as the trailer moved over the top.  Debbie was fascinated by it all and as they exited the cab and walked over to where Trevor was stood on a trailer with the first lot of bails she wandered how they had got there.
‘Hi Debbie, glorious day to come and join us.’  Trevor said as he dropped down off the side.
‘Yes, but I think it’s possibly a bit too warm for excessive exercise, so I hope I don’t slow you all down while my muscles get use to all the activity.’
‘Oh I’m sure you’ll cope!’  Phil nudged up against Debbie as he spoke.
‘Thanks!’  She gave him a sarcastic grin and pulled her gloves on, ‘Ready?’
‘OK,’ Trevor rubbed his hands together, ‘Phil could you go get the loader and start bringing some more bails and I’ll show Debbie how we stack them.’
‘No worries.’  Phil said as he trotted off to what Debbie guessed was the loader.
‘Ah I wandered how you got the bails onto the trailer.’  She said as she watched him go,  ‘What does the loader do?’
‘You’ll see in a minute,’  Trevor replied, ‘now we arrange the bails like this…’  He started to show Debbie with the ones he already had on the trailer.  He pointed at how they stack them so that they don’t fall off, allowing people to stand on top.  Debbie took in all the information and keen to move the bails into place.  It seemed simple enough, but she wasn’t entirely sure what he meant by people standing on top.
Phil then appeared from across the field with the next lot of bails.  The bunch of six were attached somehow to the front arm of the tractor.  He held them high in the air so that he could drive the tractor safely.  Debbie guessed that there must be something holding onto the bails themselves and was intrigued to find out.  As the machine approached, Trevor guided Debbie out of the way.  She had become so fascinated by the tractor that she had forgotten that he was headed for them.  She moved to the side and Phil lowered the arm down until the bails were near enough touching the first level and then out the top of the bails hooks drew back, releasing them.  That’s when Debbie saw the spikes and it all started to make sense.
After the tractor backed away Trevor showed Debbie the best way to pick up the bails and move them about the trailer.  She was surprised that they were quite light and she found it easy to lift them about.  As per usual Trevor was not overly talkative and once the instructions were relayed and Phil had brought a couple of loads he declared that it was time to swap over.  He waved to Phil to stay and that they were going to swap.  Debbie took a look over the edge.  They were only two bails high, but the trailer itself came almost up to her waist.  He’s surely not going to jump over the side?  She thought and then Trevor climbed onto the loader and as she looked she realised it did look a bit like a ladder.  Once he had a secure hold he gave Phil a nod and the tractor slightly backwards and then lowered the loader to the ground to allow his dad to get off.  Debbie was simply fascinated and hoped that she hadn’t looked too much like a goldfish.  As Phil got out of the cab, Trevor exchanged some words with his son.  Debbie couldn’t hear what they said over the top of tractor’s engine, but the conversation wasn’t long.  Phil then climbed onto the loader and his father lifted him up so that then he could join Debbie.  She went forward to take his hand, but he got on without too much trouble or her aid.
‘Right, ready for the onslaught?’  His smile was huge as he took his gloves out of his back pocket and pulled them on.
‘Why?’  Debbie looked around at the activity going on in the field.
‘Oh just when my dad gets going, he tends to forget that people need to be able to move the bails first before he puts another six on.’  He chuckled and as Debbie’s face dropped, he clapped her on the edge of the shoulder, ‘Well with you around he might give me a bit more of a breather as he’s got a bit of a soft spot for you.’
Realising the joke she laughed and pushed against him in quite a flirtatious way, while she tried to ignore the feel of muscle beneath the short sleeved t-shirt.  Unfortunately, the soft spot that Phil talked about was obviously not that soft. Trevor brought the bails in quicker than Debbie could move them and a couple of times he had to wait by the trailer while she moved the last of the bails to her side to allow him to put the next lot in the middle.  It wasn’t as if Phil wasn’t helping either, he regularly moved between the two sides.
‘I’m just in your way really?’  She said when they had a breather since Trevor had to travel a bit further to collect the bails.
‘You’ll get faster.  Arms hurting yet?’  
She rubbed her muscles in response and stretched them above her head and across her shoulders to help stretch them out.  The heat of midday was starting to subside, but Debbie still felt sweaty and very unattractive.  ‘I’ll be glad to have a bath tonight!’
Phil wasn’t entirely sure how to respond so went with, ‘I’ll be glad to get my end of day pint.’
‘Oh?’  Debbie gingerly walked across the bails to his end of the trailer so that she didn’t have to speak so loudly.  The blood was rushing about her ears and she was finding it hard to hear.
‘Yeah, it’s one of the few times that dad pays for everyone to have a drink, although as Martin is out he’ll most probably buy a round so that’s two pints!’  He punched the air as if he just worked out a hidden clue.
Debbie chuckled and stood up as Trevor came with the next load of bails.  She shook her arms by her side to get the blood running back down towards her hands.  Meanwhile Phil continued to slouch against the mound he had created and waited for the bails to drop.  He watched Debbie as she grabbed a bail and moved back over to her side.  Her foot went down a crack and she nearly toppled over.  He smiled, but didn’t run to her aid, as he didn’t think her type would appreciate it.
As she stumbled she cursed her weary legs for not placing them right.  She hoped that Phil hadn’t seen.  Then again she was sure that it was an unavoidable occurrence and was glad that he hadn’t pointed and laughed or indeed ran across the bails to make sure she was ok.
In between loads they continued to chat about nothing and everything.  They each had stayed clear of most personal questions relating to family or significant others and Debbie was happy to find someone she could discuss music and a similar taste in movies and books with.  She loved Jane dearly, but she was a romantic reader and even Marcus preferred crime novels over fantasy and at that moment she realised that she didn’t actually know what James liked to read.
With all their chatting Debbie had completely forgotten that they were going further into the air as each layer put at least another two foot on the height.  ‘How many layers are we doing?’  She asked as she peered over the edge, her vertigo didn’t seem to be troubling her today.
‘This trailer can take seven and we’re on five so the next lot we’ll have to pile up on each side as dad won’t be able to go any higher than six, but we’ll still need room to move.’  Debbie looked at him questionably, he gave a wink and added, ‘You’ll see in a sec.’ 
And she did, for as Trevor approached he lifted the arm up to its highest and the bottom bail literally touched the top layer, the lowered the angle slightly but the bottom bail began to push down on the entire load and as Phil shook his head, his father stopped and simply released the talons and the bails thumped down.  ‘The pattern for the top is the same as the bottom.’
‘Two on the sides and one down the middle?’
‘Yep!  Well remembered!’  He said as he moved two bails at the same time to his end of the trailer.  It swayed slightly as he moved and Debbie instantly sat down.  He looked around and saw that her face had gone nearly white.  ‘You ok Debs?’
‘Yeah.’  She murmured, suddenly feeling light headed.
This time he came over and sat down next to her, brushing her fringe out of the way.  ‘We’ve only got a few more bails to do then we’ll be getting down and we’ll go get a drink before we unload.’
She looked up at him feeling like the girl that she was, her body ached and she didn’t realise just how thirsty she was.  ‘I was fine until the trailer moved.’
Phil chuckled, ‘It’s been rocking all day, what made this time any different?’
‘I don’t know?’  She laughed and suddenly felt much better.
‘Good some colour in your cheeks, just in time for the next batch of bails.’
They finished off the trailer and as Trevor came back he lifted the arm to create the step ladder for them to give them a lift to the floor, when Debbie gave Phil a worried look.  Without a word he carefully walked over to her, trying not to make the trailer sway, took her hand, giving her support as she climbed onto the loader.
Gently he said, ‘Put your feet on one row, your bum on another and hold onto the row behind your bum, then your weight will be distributed better.’  
Debbie carefully did as he said, nervous to be on her own near the sharp hooks.  She cursed herself for watching horror movies, as she knew that Trevor or Phil would never do anything malicious to cause her harm, but she waited nervously as Phil climbed onto the loader.  She thought that he was going to sit the opposite side of the loader but instead he climbed on the column next to her, as close as he could to her side.  
He was on the row slightly down for her and used his long arm to go across her lap, ‘OK?’  He asked looking into her eyes.  She nodded in response feeling slightly foolish for being scared and grateful that Phil was trying to make her feel secure.  He then he gave his dad a thumbs up and the machine started moving.  It wasn’t quite as bad as she thought it would be and in no time she was able to place her feet on the floor.  
‘Hang on!’  Phil said and jumped down from the loader, rushing round he took hold of her hand and helped her to get down from the loader.
‘Thanks Phil, I could have done that bit on my own, it’s only when the ground is far enough away to brake my leg, that I worry.’  She saw a slight redness come into his cheeks and quite without thinking she stood on her tiptoes and gently gave him a kiss on the cheek, ‘But it’s nice to have someone look out for me.’
‘Wish I got kisses for being a gentleman!’ Trevor’s voice boomed from the tractor.
They both looked to see that he had the door open and were holding out some straps. ‘Come on Phil these bails aren’t going to strap themselves.’  He gave Debbie a wink as Phil jogged over and took hold of the straps.  He then climbed out of the cab and brought some more straps with him.  ‘Phil, if you go back up on top and then Debbie if you secure it the one end, I’ll strap it up the other.  It’s a bit of a skill but you’ll pick it up in no time.’
‘Ready?’  She could only just see Phil’s head over the top of the bails, she yelled up ‘Yes’ and then saw the hook end of the strap slowly lower towards her.  She did as instructed and held it in place until Trevor had hold of the other end at the far side of the trailer.
When the line went tight she rushed along the length of the trailer to see how it was being secured.  Time and time again today she had been like a child, fascinated by all that was going on.  As she approached she could see that Trevor had looped a section around the hook that pointed to the floor.  He had then brought it back up and tied it somehow at about head height, he had then created a loop, twisted the remainder around his hand and then using his foot as leverage, he was slowly pulling the whole line tight against the bails.  Debbie wandered if she would ever get the hang of it.  When he was almost done she heard Phil whistle down to her.  She looked up and saw him point back to the other end and he held up another strap.  She got the message and while still watching Trevor she made her way back round to the end of the trailer.  She hooked the end round again but this time as soon as she felt it go tight she ran down the end to see how Trevor started the tightening process.
She got there just as he was starting, but as she watched him she still couldn’t fathom how he was doing it but then guessed he does it several times a week throughout the year so of course he was making it look easy.
The final strap criss-crossed the length of the trailer, Phil stood on top to make sure that it did not get tangled up and Trevor tightened it and Debbie felt a bit of a spare part.  Once the bails were secure and Trevor was happy, Phil climbed back onto the loader and Trevor signalled for Debbie to come and see how to work the loader.  As she entered the cab she looked up at Phil, his muscles tense from holding onto the bars.  Trevor’s cough signalled that she had been caught out, but by the look on his face he wasn’t too upset.  She watched and listened as he explained which buttons did what and which levers to pull in order to get the arm moving.  It all look quite straight forward although she wasn’t willing to put Phil’s life in danger so she let Trevor lower him to the floor.
‘Right, now Phil’s going to take the trailer to the barn and you’re going to give picking up the bails ago.’  Trevor said as Phil came up to the cab just in time to hear the plan.
‘OK,’ Phil said, ‘Am I ok to take Martin’s tractor again?’
‘I’d imagine so, as he’s driving his other one at the minute!’
Debbie shrugged off her blondness, ‘Are you going to show me how to pick up the bails?’  Debbie cut in as she didn’t want Trevor assuming that the five second lesson was enough for her to go and pick up bails.
Trevor turned his head up and smiled, ‘Of course, but you’re going to drive and then once you’ve taken two loads over to that trailer,’ he pointed to the last remaining trailer, ‘you can go and collect the rest and I’ll load until wander boy gets back and then we’ll load and you can carry on.’
‘OK.’  Debbie wasn’t sure if this was because of what had happened on the top of the bail or because he could see that she was starting to ache or simply because he was board of picking them up.  She wasn’t overly fussed though, it was still quite warm but at least the worst of the heat had started to go.  She was going to ask what time they were going to finish, but she decided that it was either going to be once the other trailer was loaded or when they had unloaded them the other end.  As it was the middle of the summer, the days were long.  As Phil moved off towards the other tractor she suddenly thought about fluid, ‘I’ll be back in two secs Trevor.’  She ran off before Trevor could say anything.  ‘Phil?’  He turned as she approached; she reached into her pocket and got some coins out.  Handing it to him she asked, ‘Can you get me a bottle of water on your way back please?’
He took the coins, ‘Sure.’
‘Thanks.’  With a quick smile she jogged back to the tractor.  Trevor had gotten out and was taken a swig from his bottle of drink, he offered her some and she gladly took a drink.
As she transported the first lot of bails to the empty trailer Trevor suddenly said, ‘I know it’s none of my business, but I thought you should know that Phil is quite taken with you.’
Debbie wasn’t entirely sure where to put herself.  Trevor rarely made personal conversation with her and it was his son he was now talking about.  She couldn’t quite make out if he was simply stating a fact or trying to warn her.  ‘Oh right?’  Is all she could think to say.
He coughed, ‘Since dinner the other night he’s been quite quiet around the house, which usually means he’s thinking and then this morning he said he wanted to work with you and then I saw him come and attend to you.’
‘Oh?’  She said raising her eyebrow.
‘Like I said, it’s none of my business.’  He gave a shrug, ‘What I mean to say is that he’s not one for sticking around places and I’d rather have you on the farm, then have you feel you have to leave because of him.’
‘Oh?’
‘Now use that,’ he pointed to the devise, ‘to raise the arm and ….’ he went onto explain how to drop the bails and what to do as the layers get higher.  She took it all but at the same time was completely confused by his outburst.
As she reversed the tractor to go and collect another lot of bails she swallowed, took a deep breath and said, ‘I do like your son Trevor but I have no plan of going out with the boy if that’s what you’re worried about?’  She looked up at him to see sheer surprise over his face.
‘Oh sorry Debbie, I didn’t mean to make you think you couldn’t.  I simply wanted to let you know that if things didn’t work out for any reason I don’t want you to think you have to leave.’
‘OK, thanks I guess?’ She said shrugging.
The cab then went silent as Debbie manoeuvred the tractor to pick up another set of bails.  The air was so thick that both felt as though they couldn’t speak for fear of adding to it.  Finally Trevor said, ‘I won’t mention it again, I’m sorry if I overstepped my mark.  You seem to have the hang of it, I had better start loading up the trailer.  Take your time and as the layers build just make sure to angle it so that the bottom edge of the bails just about touches the top before you lower the cage and then release the hooks.’
Debbie dropped the bails onto the bed of the trailer before saying, ‘OK.’
As she trundled off to collect more bails she thought about what Trevor said.  It was more the fact that he said it rather than what he said that had upset her so much.  He had never voiced his opinion before, about anything.  As she thought though, a smile crept across her face as it suddenly dawned on her that perhaps he was right in his last statement.  It wasn’t necessarily the fact that they might go out, it was more that if it didn’t work out she still had a place on the farm.  The thought warmed her slightly that she had made a good impression.
Trevor had just started building the second layer when Phil returned minus the trailer.  Before joining his father he decided to hook the trailer up to the tractor now so that when they were finished they wouldn’t have to mess about when they were all aching and that much more hungry then they were now.  He stayed on ground level until Debbie returned with some more bails.  As she approached he waited until she had dropped the bails before coming up to the door.  As he opened the door, the look on her face was not one that he really wanted to confront.
‘Have you said anything to your dad?’  Debbie couldn’t hold it in and had meant to only ask what was up.
‘Um… about?’  Phil wasn’t entirely sure what she meant, but had a feeling he had either said or done something which, in his absence, his delightful father had brought up with her.
‘I’ll say it quick to not arouse suspicion, as I think he felt quite bad for bringing it up.  I’ve had enough of games for one year and I would like to be straight with you.’
‘OK?’  He still had no idea what she was on about and climbed further into the cab so that she didn’t have to speak too loudly, not that his dad would hear over the sound of the engine.
‘He seems to be under the impression that you like me,’ she paused to see his reaction and when his face still indicated confusion she continued, ‘more than just as friend.’
Dawn crossed his face, ‘Oh, umm… well that’s one way to put a guy on the spot.  I hadn’t actually said anything, but if it doesn’t repulse you too much, yes I do fancy you.  I was planning on getting to know you before finding out what your feelings were on the subject.’  He then handed over the items he had brought with him, ‘Water and a snack for the little lady.’
‘Thanks’ she took the gifts and as he exited the cab she said, ‘I like you as well, but for now I would also prefer to get to know you before we approach other possibilities.’
All Phil could do was smile.  He walked over to the trailer, the layers were not too high yet and he was able to easily scramble up the side to get on top.  As he reached the top he chucked the bottle of water at his father.  ‘Thanks dad.’
‘Righto!’  His father replied not really looking at his son.
‘No I mean you’re little outburst.’  Trevor cringed, making Phil smile inside as he continued, ‘luckily for you it’s turned out well.’  He smiled then when his father beamed, ‘Now it’s out in the open we are both on the same page and there won’t be any confusion so for once your big mouth has helped.’  He smiled at his dad and gave him the nod that is the equivalent of two girls hugging.
‘Good!’  He returned the nod.
The day went on and each time Debbie loaded up with more bails she got quicker and only once she almost missed the side of the trailer and another time she misjudged how low the cage was, and smacked into the side of the trailer.  Luckily there were not many layers and it wasn’t overly forceful so the trailer didn’t sway too much.  She received quite a bit of verbal abuse from both men though, which made her chuckle.
The combine had finished several hours earlier and once Martin had finished bailing the rows left by the combine, he unloaded the bailer and came over to help them load the trailer.  Trevor yelled down that it would most probably be best if he swapped with Debbie as she hadn’t lifted someone with the loader before.  Martin nodded and as Debbie returned he approached the cab, explained and then Debbie climbed onto the loader and hung on for dear life as he hoisted her up into the air.
They only had a few more layers to go and it didn’t look like they were going to get all the bails in the field on this trailer and Debbie was sure she was going to be more of a hindrance up there then down on the ground.   She had eaten the chocolate bar and drunken most of the water Phil had brought back for her, so she felt better inside at least.  Martin angled the loader so that Debbie could use it more like a ladder.  It didn’t help her much but she was glad to have two pairs of hands to take hers and as they pulled her on-board.
With the three of them at the top they loaded the bails quickly, even if the banter was at an all-time high.  Debbie was getting use to laughing at herself and soon realised that it was all a bit of fun.
This time when it came to strapping up the load, Debbie made sure that she was stood next to Trevor and asked him to slow his motions down slightly so that she could take in the movements.  The more she watched the more she began to understand.
Trevor said that they would come back in the morning to pick up the rest of the bails, but he wanted to get to the barn and unload as many of the bails as they could before they lost the light.  Martin said that he would be able to help as Di, his wife, was around her mother’s for the evening and the longer he could stay away the better.  Debbie chuckled as they each walked off to take their modes of transport.
‘Debbie, you can either go with Phil in the tractor or come with me in the Land Rover.’  Trevor called over as Debbie had automatically walked with Phil, forgetting that there was another mode of transport in the field.
‘Ah fantastic, no offence Phil!’  She reached out and smiling, laid her hand on his shoulder, ‘Nothing personal.’
‘I know, I smell!’  He gave her a grin back and quickly jabbed her in the ribs.  She squealed in response showing just how girly she could be if provoked.
Debbie quickly discovered that unloading the trailer was just as tiring as loading it, except that now rather than just moving it from A to B; she now had to chuck the bails from A to B.  She opted to go for the second position between the trailer and the first step in the barn.  Martin was next in the chain and then Trevor was half way up the barn, sorting the bails into an orderly space.  Phil was on top of the trailer, dropping the bails down to Debbie.  She tried not to get hit or pushed over or as she quickly found, not trying to fall down the gaps between the base layer and bails in the barn.
Once they got into the swing of it, they quickly emptied the first trailer, however the thought of unloading another trailer was too much for Debbie and suddenly outburst of ‘I’m going to have to play my feminine card I am exhausted!’
All three men turned and looked at her as she sat down on the trailer edge.  She hadn’t worked this hard in years and even her gym exercises were proving inadequate to the task at hand.
‘We’ll take a quick break and let you recover a bit.  Sorry Debbie I forget that you’re not use to this sort of thing.’  Trevor said, sitting down on the bales.
‘I work out plenty at the gym, but obviously not enough!’  She felt like she was the weakest link and really just wanted to leave.  She had a feeling that Trevor was not going to let her off easy.
‘We’ll do the last one slower, we got up quite a pace you know and you were chucking them as quick as Phil was giving them to ya?’  He looked up to Phil and winked.

‘OK.’  Debbie gave a small smile, she saw the men give each other nods, but she was too tired to care if they found her a pain or appreciated her effort.  While they swapped round the trailers, she rubbed her biceps, stood up and took up her position again.  
It was just after nine when they finished the second trailer.  As Debbie threw the last bail to Martin she almost collapse, but managed to blame it on a sudden hole appearing between the bails.  They had successfully filled the rear side of the barn and had started to fill the next layer by the trackside.
‘Think we all deserve a drink?’  Trevor extended his hand to Debbie to help her up.  As she stood he clapped her on the back and in a low whisper he said, ‘Thanks Debs you’ve done really well today.  I hope we haven’t put you off too much.  If you’re up to it we’ll continue first thing tomorrow?’
She looked up at him and smiled, ‘Course!’
‘You’re going to park the tractor in the pub car park?’  Debbie exclaimed as Phil pulled into the Horse & Hound pub.  It was the furthest away from the farm, which Debbie had protested before they left, but went quiet when she was told that they did better cask ales.  Debbie had no idea why that would be important, as she was a Bacardi drinker.  She had shrugged and got into the cab after Phil.
‘Yep!’  Phil pulled in alongside his dad’s Land Rover.  Martin had decided to go home as Di would be home and he didn’t want to miss out on any grub she might be cooking up.
As they entered the pub Trevor had three pints lined up on the bar.  ‘Yours is the lighter brown of the three Debbie, didn’t think you would appreciate strong ale on an empty stomach.’
‘I’ve never drunk ale so I wouldn’t know.  Is it supposed to look like bath water?’
Trevor and Phil both coughed into their drinks, almost chocking themselves.  ‘Try it Debbie, you never know you might grow to like it.’  Phil nudged her sideways slightly as she turned her head and stuck out her tongue.
‘It’s all I’ll pay for so you either have that or nothing.’  Trevor winked at his son again and Debbie hoped that one day there would be someone else they could poke fun at.
‘Well I guess if that’s the case...’  Debbie picked up the glass and took a sip.  It was bitter, but it had a sweet aftertaste.  ‘Umm… not bad!’  She lifted her glass up, ‘Cheers and thanks Trev.’  She clinked glasses with the two men and quietly enjoyed the rest of the pint, feeling the effects of the alcohol slowly work its way through her tired body.  As she drained the last few drops she suddenly felt light headed and was glad that she had decided to sit on the bar stool as she might have fallen down.
Phil leaned towards her, ‘Take it you didn’t like it then?’
‘I think one now and again might be a refreshing change.’  She gave a coy smile and shrugged, ‘I doubt it will become my first choice of drink.’  She hoped that she hadn’t slurred any of her words as her head was beginning to get that drunken haze.
Whether he saw the signs of exhaustion mixed with alcohol and lack of food, Phil took Debbie’s glass from her, set it on the bar, finished his pint and then said, ‘See you back home Trevor?’  
Trevor was in deep conversation with the bartender and still had most of his pint to drink so he lifted his glass and wished them a good night and told them to be in the kitchen for 7am.
7am surely that’s not that far away Debbie pondered as she waddled towards the tractor, her legs not quite wanting to do any more work.
‘Come on you.’  Phil came back and took Debbie by the hand and helped her into the cab.
‘I don’t think I should drive.’  She said as she sat in the driver’s seat.
‘No and you’re not.  I also don’t think you’re capable of shutting the door and not falling out of it.’

‘I’m not…’ she suddenly thought better of not finishing the sentence as it was quite possible that she might be.  ‘I only had one.’
He crouched as he turned back towards Debbie, ‘Yes but you also haven’t eaten anything all day except sugar, now stand up a minute.’  She did as she was told and he gently guided her past him and got her to sit on the tool box again, before sitting in the driver’s seat.
‘I’m Luke, I’m five and my dad’s Bruse Lee, he drives me round in his JCB!’  Debbie sang out, pushing against Phil’s shoulder, ‘You know I’ve been trying to think of that since lunchtime when you picked me up.  I knew the line ‘the toolbox rattles my bum’, but I couldn’t think of the chorusey bit.
They both laughed and as Phil started the motor and began to pull out of the driving space he said, ‘You’re pretty amusing.’
Debbie beamed, ‘Thanks.’
Phil dropped Debbie outside her cottage door, helped her out of the cab.  After she fumbled with her keys, he took them off her and unlocked the front door as he said, ‘Are you sure you don’t want me to make you some tea or something?’
‘Thanks Phil, you’ve been very gentlemanly and it’s good to have a friend like you.’  Then in a low drunken whisper she said, ‘I fear that I may take advantage of the situation and then blame it on alcohol so I’ll say goodnight,’ she kissed him on the cheek, in a louder voice finished ‘I’ll see you in the kitchen at 7am.’  Just before she closed the door she suddenly reopened it and called out as she saw him striding over to the tractor, ‘Could you ring me in the morning please, as I don’t want to be late.  Besides I still have no idea where anything is in this place so I may not necessarily know where I am in the morning!’
Phil giggled to himself, ‘Yeah sure, have a bath and get some sleep, let those muscles relax otherwise you won’t be able to move in the morning.’
‘Yes dad!’  She chuckled, closed the door, made her way up the stairs, looked into her bathroom and sighed.  She walked into her bedroom, stripping off her clothes and then realised that her curtains were still open.  A smirk ran across her face and decided to close them before she revealed too much, as it might not be Phil that sees her.  What are you thinking and before she could finish the thought she had fallen asleep on top of her covers.
‘Huh!’  Debbie pushed herself up as she heard the tune get louder.  Her brain still couldn’t quite compute what was going on.  ‘Ow!’  Her body ached all over.  She had just managed to climb out of bed when a knock came from the front door.  She looked towards her bedroom door, her brain still groggy.  She massaged her arms and legs before attempting to stand.  Another string of knocks sounded at the door and this time she could just about make out a voice shouting her name.
She threw on the jeans and t-shirt she had discarded the evening before and gingerly walked down her stairs towards her front door, ‘Coming!’
As she opened the door there stood Phil, he looked fresh as daises and suddenly it dawned on her, ‘I’m late aren’t I?’
‘No, you’ve got fifteen minutes.  When you didn’t answer your mobile on the third attempt of ringing, I decided I’d come over.  How you feeling?’
‘Sore!’  She indicted with her arm for him to come in only to find that lifting it was quite an effort.  ‘Coffee?’  She walked past him to the kitchen, filled the kettle enough for two cups and switched it on.
‘Yeah ok.’  He cocked an eyebrow and tried to look disapproved, ‘You went straight to bed didn’t you?’
‘I didn’t have much option in it to be fair, I thought about the bath, but sat down to remove my clothes and then I woke up when I heard my phone go.’
He walked over to her, turned her back to him and began rubbing her shoulders.  Instantly Debbie moaned, but it wasn’t painful.  He slowly worked his thumbs in circles around the top of her shoulders, down the length of her arms and then as he came back up he went down and around her shoulder blades.  ‘There how do you feel now?’
She moaned slightly as she said, ‘That was nice and not in any way weird.’
‘Thanks I think?’
‘Sorry sometimes I forget that I’ve only just met you.’  She reached up and got down two mugs from the cupboard, wincing slightly as he muscles failed to stretch.
Phil gave a shrug, ‘I have that effect on people.’
They drank the coffee and in the end decided to take the drinks over to the farmhouse with them as neither of them enjoyed drinking boiling water and Phil reckoned that his dad only wanted to meet so early because he wanted to see if Debbie was going to turn up.  ‘That’s why I ended up coming over to get you.  He pushed you hard yesterday to see what you could do.  It wouldn’t even surprise me that he hadn’t put a shot of something in your drink last night.’
‘Really?’
‘Yeah, he’s bit of a prankster at heart, but it means he likes you.  He doesn’t normally bother with other workers on the farm, especially if he doesn’t think they’re up to the task.’  He knocked once on the kitchen door, waited a few seconds before opening it.  Debbie looked at him strangely as he held up his hand to stop her going in and then when the two collies suddenly burst through the door she was glad of his thoughtfulness.  ‘After you.’
She gave a little bow of the head and said, ‘Thanks.’
The day continued much as it had the afternoon before.  When they got to the field, Debbie telephoned Fiona to say that she wouldn’t be in today, but she had a meeting on Friday so she would be in for that.  Fiona was more interested in finding out how she was finding the straw cart then when she would be back in but thanked Debbie for considering her while she was experiencing manual labour.
As Martin had come back to help load, Trevor let Debbie collect up the bails and load the trailer to give her muscles a bit more time to recover.  She quite enjoyed the solitude, but as the sun rose higher in the sky the heat within the cab became intolerable.  Eventually she found the latch to open the rear window.  She remembered Phil saying about having to keep it closed because of the combine creating so much dust.  She figured though, as the combine had finished in this field and had moved onto the next, she could open it again.
Soon the field was empty and the trailer full of bails.  The day had slowly gotten warmer and as the air became thick Debbie could feel the sweat running down her back.  She had never felt so unattractive yet content in her whole life.
‘Time costs money!’  Trevor said to Debbie as she helped him to tie up the straps, ‘If it rains we won’t be able to bail it and if we have to wait too long to bail then new shoots will get caught up in the bailer and then when our horsey customers use it, their bloody beasts are likely to get colic.’
‘Colic?’  Debbie tilted her head as she asked.
‘Yeah, it’s a thing they get when gases build up in their stomachs.’  He handed her the last of the straps to put in the tractor cab, ‘Can’t burp or throw up you see, causes all sorts of problems.’
‘Oh right.’  Debbie got the impression he thought horses were a waste of time, but she didn’t press the issue as she had never thought to own one.
Back at the barn, Martin was hoisting up the last of the bails upwards, Trevor said, ‘Looks like we’re on track, just two more fields to bail and this will be full.’
‘How many bails can it hold?’  Debbie asked from her seated position at the back of the group as she was self-conscious of her jeans exposing her bottom.
‘Three fields worth.’  Trevor said with a big grin on his face.
Debbie knew better than to ask a straight forward question, but the physical activity and aching muscles had put her off her game slightly.  ‘Ha! Ha!’
‘The other two fields aren’t quite so big so I guess really its two and a half worth.’ Trevor looked round at her and smiled, ‘I asked the guy to continue combining the other fields and that we would get to them when we could.’
‘Oh right.’  Debbie still wasn’t entirely sure how the whole process worked but was happy to learn.
After a quick drink break, Martin and Trevor went off first to start bailing, leaving Phil and Debbie to finish sorting the trailers out and taking them down to the field.
‘Come with me Debs?’  Phil said as he held the door open.
Debbie had climbed back up into the barn and was sitting comfortably.  ‘I’ll go when you come back to get the second trailer.’
‘Oh come on its boring driving about on me own.’  His eyes reminded Debbie of a puppy that was trying to get more treats out of his owner.
In the end she rolled her eyes, stood up and dusted herself off.  ‘OK, but you have to show me how to unload and load and let me drive on the second trip.’
‘OK.’  Phil would say anything if it meant she would come.  He knew better then to rush things and he had already decided that he wasn’t going to make a move until she sorted whatever was going on with the person who kept ringing her and she kept ignoring.  He knew she didn’t think he had noticed.
‘When unloading you use these knobs here.’  Phil indicated and as he pushed the different buttons Debbie could see what was happening.  ‘You can also do it from the outside to, but it’s easier to use these when unloading and the other from when you hitching it up.’
‘OK.’  Debbie lent over to get a better view of what was going on, although she was careful not to get too close as she was certain her anti-perspirant had stopped working.
Without much thought Phil said, ‘Who keeps ringing you?’
Debbie quickly glanced at Phil before looking back at the trailer, ‘Oh nobody.’
‘I know it’s not my place and I know we’ve only know each other a short while, if you need someone to talk to I’m all ears.’  Her hands were resting on the window ceil, impulsively he reached out and squeezed the closest one and gave her a reassuring smile.
‘Thanks, but it’s OK.’  She smiled back and he released his hand.  She gave a small shrug and thought what the hell and said, ‘It’s just a guy who is trying to have the best of both worlds.’  
‘Oh,’ Phil replied, ‘do you like him?’
She was shocked by his questioning, yet she kept herself calm and collected while she answered, ‘Yeah, but so does his wife and I’ve told him that he needs to make a decision.’
‘Oh.’  Phil didn’t like the sounds of the love triangle and in some ways wished he’d never asked.
‘Now come on enough of this personal chitchat, show me how to unhook the trailer so we can get back and pick up the other one.’
With that Phil dropped the subject and did as he was asked.  Once the trailer was unhooked they returned to the barn.  There, he showed her how to attach the trailer and then she drove it to the other field which was waiting to be combined.  In the field she successfully managed to unhook the trailer and within the hour they were back with the others ready to load more bails.
At the end of the day, Trevor announced that he would buy the first round.  This time Debbie took the pint next to the one Trevor had indicated to be hers and then she slowly sipped at it.  She had also brought some change with her to buy some crisps.  
As she offered them out she reminded Trevor, ‘I’ve got to go into work tomorrow as I’ve got a meeting I cannot get out of.  Will you finish by tomorrow or will you need me to help out on Saturday?’
Trevor grunted and said they would wait and see.
 
~ Chapter 11 – Choices to be Made ~
The following morning when Debbie’s alarm went off her brain couldn’t quite compute what was going on.  At least my body doesn’t ach quite so much she thought as she sat up in bed and turned off the alarm on her mobile.
As she drove to work she realised how much she hadn’t missed her job.  It had only been two and a half days, but the suit that was normally so comfortable, now felt restrictive.  As she entered the office she looked around and realised that somewhere along the line she had lost focus and had ended up here. When really she would much rather be back in the field, slaving away, with little food and even less admiration, yet there she had felt happy.  Here she simply felt like another part of the rat race.
‘Morning Debbie!’ Fiona said as she came into the office behind her and headed straight for her desk, hot coffee in hand. ‘Good time bailing?’
‘Yes thank you, although my muscles haven’t experienced such intense activity before!’  They both laughed, ‘Much happen while I was away?’
‘It wasn’t even three days Debbie!’  Fiona replied with a chuckled, ‘Afraid it was same old same old here.’
‘It felt like longer,’  Debbie said with a small sigh, ‘but I guess it wasn’t that long.’
‘James said that he had put a folder on your desk regarding today’s meeting,’ Debbie looked down and there it was, she picked it up and held it up so Fiona could see, ‘Yes that looks like it.’
‘What time is it at, do you know?’  Debbie asked as she began to skim through the folder of notes.  James’ writing was much like a doctors and simply looking like scribbles across the page.
‘9:30 I think.’  Fiona said as she moved off towards her desk.
‘Great, half an hour to prepare!’  She tried to sound positive, despite feeling unenthused.
Fiona turned with a slight sense of confusion on her face, ‘He said he had spoken to you about it.’
‘He may have tried, I had a couple of missed calls from him yesterday, but I kept missing him with the noise of the tractor.’  It wasn’t completely the truth.  It would do as she was pretty sure he wouldn’t have indulged her in much of the details.  
Then her heart missed a beat as a familiar voice behind her said, ‘Morning stranger.’  
She turned and there looking as gorgeous as ever was James.  ‘Morning.’  She only just managed to keep hold of the paperwork and speak at the same time.
‘Good couple of days on the farm?’  He moved so that he was at arm’s length from her, ‘Sorry I had to change the meeting time.’
‘It’s ok, is there anything particular I need to be aware about for this one or is it like all the rest?’
‘Shall we go through it over some coffee?’  He said, his smile wide as he spoke to her.
She swallowed, ‘Yeah why not, easier than me thumbing through your doctor’s notes.’  She gave him a smile and she led the way to the kitchen, ignoring Fiona as she gave her a wink over James’ shoulder.
As the door closed behind them Debbie continued to the sink, wishing that the uncomfortableness would evaporate like water.
‘I missed you.’  The words hit Debbie like a train.  His voice was so sincere and quiet as if he was worried that if he said them too loudly it might shatter the silence even more.  She turned and looked at him, she didn’t know what to say.  ‘I’m sorry if I kept calling.  Most of the time it was about work.’  He gave a small shrug, looking at his feet as he said, ‘When you left on Tuesday morning and I was certain you had changed your mind.’  Then he looked her square in the face.  His eyes showing the anguish he was feeling, ‘Please tell me you haven’t?’
‘Changed my mind?’  She said each word slowly, giving herself more time to realise where he was headed.
‘About us?’  He replied.
‘I thought we were going to try to get to know each other before we went any further.’
They were still stood on opposite sides of the kitchen, ‘Yes, but I think we can both agree that we’re going to be more than just friends while we do that.’  He said it with such glee that Debbie found herself getting angry.
She closed the gap between them, pointing a finger she said, ‘That’s just it isn’t it!  We can’t be more than “just friends” because you’re married!’ In hushed tones she continued, ‘I am not going to be the other women, I am not going to allow you to have your cake and eat it too.’
Grabbing her arms he looked into his eyes and said, ‘I know I ask for a lot and I know it looks as though I’m trying to have the best of both worlds, but I’m not!!  It’s just complicated.  All I know is that I want you!’
Debbie’s voice came back harsh, ‘And when someone else comes along, then what?  You leave me for her?’
He hadn’t seen that coming, ‘No!’ He softly said as his hands dropped, ‘but I’m not going to convince you that I won’t.’
‘So I’ve just got to trust you on that one.’
‘Well yes!’
‘Why?’  Pointing her finger at his chest, ‘You’re saying you’re going to walk out on the one woman who has been in your life for the past twenty odd years and yet you wouldn’t do the same to me!’
‘Debbie!’  He brought his hand up and wiped away a tear that had escaped her eyelid, ‘Please, let’s get through this meeting and then we’ll go for lunch and talk about this properly.’
She took a deep breath and closed her eyes before she said, ‘OK.’  She couldn’t say anything else.  She was furious with him for being… well for being him and she was annoyed at herself for welling up.
His hand moved from her chin to behind her head, he lent in and kissed her gently on the mouth.  She kissed him back.  Soft at first and then each of their desires fell away, the pressure grew.  He brought his other hand up to cradle her head and she wrapped her arms around his waist and once again their tongues entwined, as their mouths gorged on that which they had missed.
As they pulled apart they each smiled and sat down.  James went through his notes regarding the meeting that was due to start.  They each felt better and were able to concentrate.  During the meeting they were on form and closed the deal before the first coffee break and were able to finish up well before lunch time.
‘I’d like to treat you to some lunch, somewhere quiet so that we can talk properly?’  James said after they had shown their guests off site.
‘OK, I haven’t got much left to do in the office so we won’t need to hurry back either.’
‘OK brilliant.  As kinky a comment as that was, I need to be back by three as there is an American firm I need to speak to that  will just be starting work at that time.’
‘Sorry I wasn’t trying to be kinky.’  Debbie looked back towards the lifts, suddenly debating if they should be alone together.  It never seemed to be anything more than lustful.
His hand stroking the side of her arm brought her out of her daydream, ‘I know Hun, you don’t have to worry, just because I fancy the pants off you doesn’t mean I need to have them off every time we’re alone together.’
She smiled at him, shrugged and said, ‘Do we need to let Fiona know?’
‘I already did this morning, before the meeting.’
‘Humm…’ Debbie scorned at him, but then broke into a smile, as she couldn’t stay upset with him for long.
James drove them to the cosier out of the two pubs that they normally used for work purposes.  As they ordered drinks from the bar, he slowly stroked her back.  She wasn’t sure if it was right or wrong, although at that moment it felt good and very natural.  As they walked to a table Debbie held James’ hand and they sat next to each other as James didn’t want to let go of her.  They sat in silence looking at the menu as he steadily stroked her middle finger with his thumb.  She still felt so comfortable and she could tell that he was relaxed as his breathing was steady. Whenever he looked at her he simply smiled.  She wished it could be like this always, but she knew that it could never be.
While James went to the bar to order their meals, Debbie quickly got out her mobile and sent a text to Jane.  ‘I’m out to lunch with James.  Can you ring me in about an hour please?’  It was their code that they had always had for when Debbie went on dates.  It meant that she would have to take the call, allowing her to not only give her best friend the low down on her date, but also have a get out clause if it was all going a bit wrong.
Jane was obviously either on her mobile at the time that she received Debbie’s text or was very bored at work, because no sooner had Debbie place her mobile back in her purse had a message tone come through.  ‘Remember to ask about Sam and what he wants.  Make him make a decision!’  OK Debbie mouthed at her handset.  She would tell her when she rang if she had or had not mentioned it.  I guess I better she thought otherwise she’ll only tell me off!
As James sat down he brushed his hand across Debbie’s back, sending shivers down her spine.  Swallowing she closed her eyes and said, ‘So, have you made a decision.’
‘Oh!’ He changed his position in his seat, opened and closed his mouth.  He stared at the table for what felt like a lifetime, before he look up and into her eyes. ‘I guess that is why we came for lunch wasn’t it?’  Debbie nodded her head slowly, not daring to speak in case it stopped him from saying whatever he was about to say.  ‘I’ve thought about you a lot this this week and I meant it when I said I missed you.’  He paused hoping for a response, but when she didn’t make a sound he carried on, ‘I’m going to speak to Sam about us this weekend.  When I came back from the show, we chatted about our future.  She said that she needed to know what I planned to do with my job as she needs to make a decision about hers.’
‘That was nearly a month ago now!’  Debbie couldn’t help herself.
James held up his hands in defence, ‘I know, but we haven’t seen a whole lot of each other and her mother decided to come and stay while we were at conference because her dad had gone on this golfing holiday, and she still hasn’t gone home.’  He rolled his eyes, ‘Which brought a whole new strain on our relationship.’
‘So was she back when we went out last week?’
‘Yeah she went back on the Saturday morning.  That’s partly why I wanted us all to go out because they wanted a mother and daughter evening.’
‘Bet you weren’t overly popular that morning then?’  Debbie enjoyed the thought of his embarrassment.
‘Not really, they were also hung-over from the wine they had drunk and her mother was only catching the train so it didn’t matter.’
‘Oh.’  Debbie looked towards the bar to see if there was any sign of food.  It had only been about fifteen minutes since he had ordered, but she thought miracles could happen.  ‘So what are you planning on saying?’
‘I’m going to ask her what she wants.’
Debbie looked back at him confused, ‘Huh?’
‘I’m not going to lie to you Debbie, you’re right, if I could have it my way I would have you both as I love you both for very different reasons.’
Debbie swallowed hard and quickly took another sip of her pint.  He had definitely said that he LOVED me.
‘I don’t want to hurt you Debbie and I don’t want to lead you on or make you feel like the ‘other’ women.’
‘Thanks, I guess.’  She looked down at the table and began tracing the tree rings with her finger.
Taking her chin in his hand, he tilted it upwards and back towards him, she blinked and then looked at him, ‘Debbie, what I want to know is if I do end it with Sam, will that be enough for you?  Will you have me?’
‘I don’t know.’  She replied.  As he lowered his hand she said, ‘I still don’t really know you James.’  He opened his mouth to speak, but she was quicker, ‘No let me say this, please?’  His mouth shut and she continued, ‘Since I asked you if you were attracted to me, it’s been like a whirlwind.  A very enjoyable one, but a whirlwind none-the-less.  We certainly have lust, yet I’m not convinced we’ll have a friendship and if we’re going to be together then we need that as well the lust.’
James nodded and looked down at the table.  They sat in silence, each taking a long and slow drink from their pints.  James then said, ‘That doesn’t mean to say that we won’t be able to be friends.  Is it just because of Sam?’
‘No… I don’t know… maybe?  But I wouldn’t want you to end with her, just to see if we would work.’
‘I wouldn’t.’
Debbie cocked an eyebrow and then shrugged.
‘Well there you have it, my decision.’  He rubbed his hands together as if he had made some final statement.
‘It’s not much of a decision.  You’re still leaving it up to someone else to decide for you.’  She didn’t look at him as she spoke.
‘No I know, but I owe Sam that much.  For all I know she might be feeling the same way or she might want to try again and then we may go back to how it once was.’
‘If I wasn’t around do you think it would make it an easier decision?’
‘No.  You’ve spun my head Debbie and I’m not trying to imply that anyone would have done at this time.  I’ve got to be practical about this, I made a promise to love her for the rest of our lives and who’s to say that if we got together that it wasn’t me who strayed but you, when you find out that not only am I old, but also boring.’
A smile spread across her face and she looked up at him, ‘I hadn’t really considered that, but then I’m not one to have a wandering eye.’
‘Anyway, where you planning on going?’
She gave a small shrug, ‘I dunno, just the last couple of days have been really enjoyable and much more in line with what I originally set out to do.  I got chatting to the farmer’s son about speaking to his dad regarding opening a shop on the farm to diversify a bit more or opening up to students.’
‘Oh right.  Do you think he would go for it?’
‘Not sure.  His wife cooks all the time for various functions and fates and things.  Of course that’s only really for the summer months but these days farmers have to think outside the box if they want to survive.  It’s a rare breed place so they get a bit more for the meat then other farms, but of course the bills are still the same and I’m not exactly bringing in a profit.  It just means he doesn’t have to always pay me to help him out on the farm.’
‘What would you be in all this?’
‘I would run it and sort out the vegetable garden and his diary.  Basically, be a PA to him and manager of the shop.  I think his son is planning on staying on.’
‘Bet he is with you around.’
She rolled her eyes, ‘Please James!’
He held his hands up in the air. ‘Hey I know I’m not the only one that fancies you, I saw the number of blokes who were watching and drooling over you that night up the city.’
‘I don’t need a jealous person in my life!’
‘Would you be able to work with the boy?’
‘Yeah, he’s a nice enough lad and has a business head on his shoulders too.’
‘Good.’
She looked sideways at him and then realised that he was looking past her.  As she turned to see she almost came head to head with her plate of food and the waiter’s waist. ‘Oh, that looks like mine thank you.’  She smiled up at the waiter who smiled as he placed her plate on her placemat before giving James his meal.
They ate near enough in silence apart from asking how’s each other’s meals were.  James asked a few more questions regarding the farm and the work she had been doing.  But as she hadn’t been then long it was hard to say.  She knew he was itching to ask about the farmer’s son again, but she certainly wasn’t going to bring him up.  She wasn’t sure if he was joking before of it he was showing his jealous side.
They had just finished their desserts when Debbie’s mobile began to ring.  She had completely forgotten that she had asked Jane to ring her.  Taking her mobile out she said, ‘Oh it’s Jane.  It must be important she never normally rings me during the day.  Excuse me.’
‘No worries.’  James sat back against his seat and watched as her bottom wiggled as she walked away.
Debbie answered just before she reached the bar, but continued walking towards the exit so as to be sure that James would not be able to hear.  ‘Hi, thanks for ringing.’
‘For a minute there I thought you were never going to answer and that you two had chosen to skip dinner and go for the sweets instead.’
Debbie heard Jane giggle.  ‘Now now, we’ve only kissed once this morning and that was before the meeting.’
‘Debbie how could you!’
‘It wasn’t exactly planned!’  Debbie tried to keep her voice level, but she always found it hard when Jane started telling her what she should and shouldn’t do.  ‘Anyway, we’ve already talked about what’s going on.’
‘Oh right and…’
‘He’s going to speak to Sam this weekend and leave the decision up to her.’
‘What!’  Jane’s voice was full of outrage.
‘Yeah I know, I told him that it was a cop out.’  Debbie climbed onto a picnic table and sat on the top, resting her feet on the seats.  ‘I don’t know what to do Jane.  He’s so gorgeous and he just makes my skin tingle with excitement.’
‘Yes and that’s going to get you through sixty years of marriage is it?’
‘I don’t know?  How have you got through your five years?’
‘Friendship mainly, and a whole load of fun!’
‘Yeah, well you’re lucky.  Matthew is the nicest person I know and he’s attractive.’
‘Oi!  Hands off he’s mine, you home wrecker!’
‘Hey!’  Debbie protested.
‘I’m kidding.’
‘I know, but I’m only upset because I am.’  They both went quiet, ‘He said that he wouldn’t be leaving Sam just because of me.’
‘That’s good isn’t it?’
‘Yeah I guess.  Oh better go, he’s coming outside. Bye.’  As she hung up she smiled and started to get down from the table.
‘Don’t get up, I’ve settled everything, but I wanted to know if you wanted another drink out here as it’s a nice afternoon.’
Looking around she realised that in fact it was quite a bit cooler than the last few days, ‘Yes, but this time can I have a bitter shandy instead please?’
‘Certainly.  Everything ok with Jane?’
‘Um… oh yeah, womanly things.’  That should stop him asking any further.
‘Oh.  I’ll just get the drinks.’
‘OK.’
They spent the next hour outside, both sat on the table top with feet resting on the seat.  They spoke of many things and Debbie began to wander if she had been wrong about James and that perhaps it was simply because he was already attached that she thought they couldn’t get to know one another.
As they finished the last of their pints, James looked at his watch and sighed.  ‘Right Miss McHewin I had better take you back to the office so that you can wear off some of this alcohol with work and I’ll speak to the delightful Americans. Then I guess it will be time to start enjoying the weekend.’
Debbie jumped down from the picnic table, ‘Yeah, guess so, although hard labour isn’t all that enjoyable!’
~ Chapter 12 – A New Idea ~

The afternoon dragged out and the drive home seemed long and drawn out.  When Debbie finally arrived home she was surprised to find a note attached to her front door.  The note itself wasn’t the issue.  Trevor had started to leave her notes all the time as he didn’t think he could rely on mobiles too much.  It was more that it was on pink paper.
Debbie come over for dinner. Love Ali x

The colour then made sense and she gave a little chuckle as she thought, she’s up to something.  Not wanting to turn down a free meal, Debbie quickly ran up her stairs and changed into more comfortable clothes and headed over to the farmhouse.
As she came in she found Alison slaving away over her Aga, singing along to the song that was blaring out of the radio.  With all the noise the dogs missed Debbie coming in and she almost frightened Alison to death, when she suddenly appeared by her side.
‘Oh!’ Alison’s hands came up to her chest and she took a deep breath, ‘You need to make more noise girl!’  She playfully hit Debbie on the arm with the tea towel she had been holding.
‘I take it you like that song then?’  Debbie gave her a cheeky grin before walking over to the kettle. ‘Tea?’
‘Yes please.’ She leant over the work surface and turned the radio down a few notches so that they could hear each other speak without having to shout.  ‘Good day at work?’
Debbie nodded, ‘Strange as well.  I know I’ve only been away for two days, but it felt like months and my suit was so uncomfortable!’
‘Shame you got changed.’  Debbie cocked an eyebrow, ‘Oh only because Phil had commented last night that he couldn’t imagine you wearing one.’
Debbie shrugged and motioning with her head towards the sleeping collie she said, ‘Besides I’d rather not get paw marks all over it after only wearing it one day.’
‘I guess, how many do you wear a week?’
‘Depends how many meetings I have.  If there aren’t any planned, I won’t wear one at all.  I just go in smart.  If I do, it tends to be one or two a week.  None of the ones I have are dry clean only though, so it’s ok.’
‘Ah, well I guess it’s not too bad then.  Phil wouldn’t have seen you in it as they’re not likely to back until nine again tonight.  Trevor wants to get as many bails done as there is a threat of rain tonight.’
‘Oh.’  Debbie tried not to sound disappointed, ‘Ah well it will be a pleasure to keep you company for dinner then.’  She smiled at Alison and then turned to make the tea.
‘Good.  You can always stay on after dinner if you like.’
‘Yeah I know, thanks I’ll see how I feel later.  Doing the straw cart has taken it out of me, more than I thought it would.’
‘It tends to.  Even those two were a bit stiff after the first couple of days, but they would never let you know that.’
Debbie chuckled.  They had looked as though they had limited movement, however they had obviously learnt to conceal it a lot better than she had.  Then again, for them not being able to deal with the pain would most probably make them feel less manly.
The evening continued must like any others that Debbie had spent with Alison while Trevor had been out on the farm.  Occasionally, Alison would talk about Phil, but she did not press any comment from Debbie.  As they chatted, Debbie had almost split herself in two.  One thought of James and the other of Phil.  James was this wild creature that excited her and turned her legs to jelly, her brain to pulp by a mere touch.  Whereas Phil gave her a sense of purpose, he was interested in her for her and not only for what may or may not be under her clothing.  It was a complicated, but she was trying to figure out.  For one thing she didn’t really know if Phil would want to date her.
‘Alison?’ Debbie said after they had been quiet for some time sipping on their after dinner cups of coffee.
‘Yes?’
‘What do you think of opening up a shop on the farm?’
‘I’ve toyed with the idea before, but Trevor isn’t too keen on having townies coming down his driveway all weekend long while he’s trying to get about in his tractor.’
‘Humm… yeah I hadn’t really thought about that.  Well what about if it was in that small field up by the main road that is generally left fallow?’
Alison’s face brightened, ‘Oh yeah, that would be a better location.’  She sighed slight, ‘Then we’d need planning permission.’
‘You would do anyway, unless you were going to run the shop from the barn or your house.’
‘Humm…’  Alison said as she thought it over.
Debbie finished off her drink, set the mug down on the living room table and said, ‘Right well I had better go home, just in case it doesn’t rain and I’m needed to go and do some more excessive exercise.’
‘OK,’ Alison stood up with Debbie, ‘Thanks for coming round.  It’s nice to be able to have dinner with someone during the summer months.’
‘I never realised how much they really do work.’
‘Yep’ Alison said as they both walked to the front door, ‘but unfortunately it still doesn’t bring in too much in the way of money, but maybe with you here we might be able to come up with some better plans, so that Trevor doesn’t have to.  Farming is his life, but thinking up new money making schemes is not his strong point.’
‘Yeah, I’ll keep thinking.  Thanks again and I’ll see you in the morning, whatever happens.’  As she walked across the farm yard she waved back towards Alison.
It was almost ten o’clock when a knock came at the front door.  Debbie had settled down to watch some television and even though it was still quite muggy, she had curled up within the throw.  Tutting she got up and opened the door just as the person started to knock again ‘Hold your horses,’ opening the door she stopped short, ‘Oh hi Phil.’

Phil’s eyes shifted around slightly, he looked nervous as he said, ‘Hi, sorry to bother you I just wanted to see what you were up to and if you fancied hanging out for a bit.’
Debbie stood staring at Phil, not entirely sure what to make of him and then suddenly realised she was keeping him stood on her doorstep.  Motioning with her arm and stepping backwards slightly she said, ‘Course come in and take a seat.  Like a drink?  Afraid I haven’t really unpacked much.’
‘Oh don’t worry, if you need a hand with anything just yell.  Yeah please, got anything alcoholic?’
‘Did your dad not get you one?’
‘Yeah of course, sorry, I’ll just have some water then?’
Patting the side of his arm she chuckled and said, ‘Don’t be silly I’m only messing.  I’ve only got wine though, was just having a glass myself.’
Phil then saw the glass on her small living room table.  It looked huge, half a bottle perhaps.  ‘Just a small glass please, I’m not as use to wine as you are.’
She looked to her glass and grinned, ‘Well it’s easier to have a big glass then you don’t have to keep getting up and down.’
‘I guess.  Bit like having a large can that was the same size as two so that I only had to get up once during a four pack.’
They both laughed.  Debbie handed him his glass and sat next to him on the two seated sofa.  Debbie turned off her television set and steered the conversation to how they had got on with the straw cart and if they had left anything for her to help with tomorrow.  
Phil seemed to enjoy the attention and talked in detail about all that went on until he suddenly stopped and said, ‘Well enough about my day, how was yours back in the office world?’
Debbie took another sip of her drink before she had answered, debating whether she should confide in her love turmoil or simply evade the subject all together. ‘Oh, usual meetings and emails and telephone calls and aghh’ she dropped her hands down by her sides and exhaled, ‘oh Phil it is such a boring existence!  I cannot believe that I managed to do it for so long!’
‘Really?  I thought you loved packaging and the whole suit world.  I still can’t believe you wear one, but you left after we did this morning and you got back before us, so I guess I’ll never know.’
‘Humm… no Phil, I’m not going to put my suit on for your amusement.’
‘Oh, come on.  I could do with a laugh after today’s onslaught.’  They laughed and then as they looked at each other they stopped and the room went quiet.  Phil quietly coughed and said, ‘I think Dad actually missed you today, he moaned at me for most of it.’
‘Ah diddum’s.  Well I’m still not going to.  I found it the most uncomfortable item to wear this morning.  I look forward to not wearing it for the next two days.’
‘I wouldn’t count your chickens just yet, there were spots of rain on the windshield as we came back from the pub tonight.’
‘Really?’  Instantly Debbie got up from her seat and walked across to the window.  Pulling back the curtain slightly she looked out, ‘Oh buggar, there are spots on my car too.  How much does it need to rain before we stop bailing?’
‘Depends how wet it is in the morning.’
Debbie let the curtain fall back into place, as she turned she gave Phil her best evil stare, but it soon turned into a smile and once again found themselves laughing.  She walked into the kitchen and, bringing the last of the wine out, she refilled his glass and the last few drops she emptied into her own glass.  ‘Not use to having to share my wine, oh well saves me having too much of a headache tomorrow.’
‘Here have mine.’  Before she could protest he had tipped his glass into hers and clicking the side he said, ‘Cheers.’
‘Cheers.’  She took a sip and after a short pause she said, ‘Phil can I ask you something that’s kind of personal?’
‘Well depends, is it personal to me or to you?’
‘More me I guess, but I would also like your opinion.  We’ve gotten on so well in such a short space of time and I haven’t been completely honest with you.’
‘OK?’  Phil had no idea what Debbie was talking about, yet he hoped it didn’t overly involve him.
‘You know all those calls I was getting?’  Phil simply nodded, ‘Well it’s a guy I work with who I became attracted to, asked out only to discover that he was married.’  Phil sat forward on the sofa at this and stared intently at her, ‘but then we went away to a conference thing and after far too much alcohol we ended up sleeping together.’  Debbie couldn’t look at Phil anymore, she could feel his eyes boring deep into her. ‘Then when we came back I tried to make it clear that we were to be friends and discover if there was anything between us.  Then we went out for a celebratory evening with all the staff and if it hadn’t been for the fact I was staying at my friend Jane’s house, we most probably would have done more than simply kiss.’
Phil was beginning to feel uncomfortable with the conversation.  He took a small breath to collect his thoughts and said, ‘OK so what do you want me to do about it?’
Debbie laughed once and then said, ‘If it were you would you wait to see if they left their partner or would you end it?’
Trying to keep the irritation out of his voice he asked, ‘Has he said he would leave her?’
‘He told me today that he is speaking to her this weekend and whatever she decides is what he will do.’
Phil snorted and exclaimed, ‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
Debbie gave a small shrug, ‘He wants to have his cake and eat it, but if he has to choose which he would rather have he can’t.’
‘Sounds like a bit of a prick then really.’
Another small shrug escaped her shoulders, ‘Jane, my best mate, says the same.’
Phil opened his arms and said, ‘Well then you have your answer.’
Debbie arched her eyebrows in confusion, ‘Do I?’
Phil reached out and placed a hand on her knee, ‘Debbie you are smart, you are attractive and you could most probably have any bloke you wanted to!  Why wait around for someone who’s not quite sure?’  
Removing his hand, Phil kept his yes at her.  He was trying to be careful not to give himself away of his true feelings.  Every time she spoke he would watch her mouth move as if it were film.  Her body was almost perfect and her confidence in her appearance and intelligence was hidden behind a mask that she only let down occasionally.  But it was too soon, the girl he had left in Canada still had a very large chunk of his heart.
‘Thanks Phil.’ she reached out and took his hand in hers and squeezed it.  ‘Sounds like you speak from experience?’
Phil swallowed, ‘I guess as you have told I might as well tell too.’  He fingered his glass slightly, wondering why he was going to say what he was and then he couldn’t stop himself.  ‘There was a girl in Canada, I didn’t tell my folks because they would simply hound me with questions and wrap me in cotton wool.  She worked on the farm and was a bit like you, but was much more open about her intelligence and her appearance.  I fell for her almost instantly and it was three months of passion and excitement and then a new bloke came to help on the farm.  Then that was it, I was pushed aside and I had to watch as she flirted and drooled all over him.’
Debbie bit her bottom lip, ‘Oh, that’s quite shite really.’
Phil nodded, ‘You see then I realised that she wasn’t worth it after all.  Then mother rang about dad and the farm and that I needed to come back and help.’  Laying his hand on her leg again he quickly added, ‘That was before they knew you were coming to live at the cottage.  So I changed my ticket and came home.  I then met you and realised that I didn’t have to sleep with women in order to get to know them.  You took me as you found me and treated me like any other.’
‘I had no other reason to.  Your parents had never spoken of you until I saw you that time.  I’ve learnt that if you don’t hold expectations then you can never be truly disappointed.’
‘Humm… that’s a slightly sinister way of looking at the world and yet you seem intent on allowing this guy to fill you with false hope.  You must have some kind of expectation otherwise you wouldn’t be questioning it.’
Debbie smiled, ‘Anyway enough of sharing our love toils you had better get back to the house otherwise your mum will start questioning your actions.’
They both laughed and walked to the front door.  ‘Good night Debbie.’  He lent in and kissed her lightly on the cheek before wrapping his arms around her and squeezing.  In return she brought her arms around his waist and squeezed back.
 
~ Chapter 13 – A Date between Friends ~
The following morning Debbie woke to the sound of rain hitting open window.  She was glad for the cool breeze that the rain was brining and the sound of the rain was calming ,but then it was irritating as it meant she wouldn’t be working today.  Slowly she rose from her bed, looking at her mobile as she did to check on the time.  If I was working I would be late!  It’s nearly 8:30!
She listened and could not hear any engines running or any movement about the farm so she decided to casually get ready and have something to eat before heading over to the farmhouse.  She opened the front door to see a steady flow of water falling from the sky.  The farmyard was slowly turning to a muddy soup.  She decided not to run across the yard for fear of falling into one of the forming puddles, so she strode out and walked as quickly as she could so as not to get too wet.  Before entering she pulled her hair band out and shook the water from her hair before tying it back up.  Her clothes were not too wet, but at least it was still quite warm so she hoped she would dry off quickly by the Aga.
As she opened the door she realised that she had not been bowled over by two excited collies.  Perhaps they have gone out with Trevor somewhere, ‘Hello?’  She called out as she entered the kitchen.  Then she heard a thundering of footsteps and the sound of whimpers coming down the stairs.  The door to the lounge burst open and in came the two collies, each desperate to get to Debbie for a cuddle.  ‘Hello you two.’  She rubbed them both down and allowed them to lick her all over her face.
‘Is that you Debbie?’  Trevor called down from upstairs.
‘Well if I were a burglar your dogs are pretty useless at warding me off!’  She stood and walk to the door, sticking her head through to glance upstairs.  ‘Take it we’re not going out to the fields today?’
‘Quick one you are!  So what are you doing here?’
Debbie shrugged, ‘Dunno just wanted to check in case there was anything else you want me doing?’
‘Alison might do.  She’s in the shower, she’ll be down shortly.’
‘OK no worries.  Cuppa tea or coffee?’
‘Coffee for the both of us please.’  Trevor disappeared back into his bedroom and Debbie went and made the coffee.
As she waited for the kettle to boil she stared out of the window, watching the rain continue to steadily fall on the barn roof.  She began to think of what Phil had told her the previous evening.  She didn’t really love James only lusted after him.  She then thought of what Jane had said.  She was right, Debbie couldn’t really picture a life with the man and she certainly didn’t want to be with him. 
‘Ahhh!’  She squealed as two hands tickled her at the waist.  She spun round to see Phil laughing his head off.  She hit him on the chest and exclaimed, ‘You little rotter!’
‘Good morning to you too!’  He said while still laughing.  ‘You squeal like the pigs!’
She hit him again, but not so hard this time, ‘Charming!’
‘Can I have a coffee too please?’
Debbie hadn’t seen so big eyes on a human before.  She raised an eyebrow and said, ‘Well I don’t know, that was a pretty horrible trick and you nearly had Tess biting your rear for upsetting me so.’
‘Ah she wouldn’t hurt a fly.’  He bent down and gave Tess a big cuddle, rubbing her tummy as she slowly fell against his legs, lapping up the attention.  Looking up he asked, ‘What are your plans for today now that the rain has come and spoiled all our fun?’
‘Depends if your mum needs a hand, I work for both of them you know?’  She turned and as she prepared the drinks she smiled.
‘Oh I don’t require your services Debbie.’  Alison said as she walked through the doorway bringing Molly with her.
‘In that case would you like to come to the cinema with me?  There’s a sci-fi film out that I’ve been dying to see, but simply haven’t had time.’  Phil’s smile pleaded with her to say yes.
‘She may not like sci-fi Phil.’ Alison sarcastically said as she took her cup from Debbie.  ‘Thanks Debs.’
‘Oh, but I do and I rarely get to go to the cinema as many of my friends do not share my taste in films.  Are you asking me out or …’
‘As friends, like you said last night.’  Phil suddenly was aware that both women were looking at him intently, one was shocked that he had been elsewhere the previous night and the other trying to remember what had been said.
‘Yes, as friends would be delightful!’  Debbie felt that she sounded old fashioned.
Later that morning, Phil drove them up to the city, keen to drive something other than a tractor.  After some protest from Debbie he paid for the parking and then paid for the cinema tickets.  As he handed her ticket he said, ‘Are we going to debate who’s going to pay at every point today?’
‘No, but if you pay for everything it is more like a date and less like two friends hanging out together.  So I shall buy the popcorn and drinks and that is final.’  She walked off before he had time to respond and in the end Phil simply shrugged his shoulders.
As they stood in the queue he lent towards her and in a whisper said, ‘I’m sorry.  I’ve just always been taught that the lady shouldn’t pay.’
She held back her feminist remarks and simply said, ‘OK.  I’m not use to being around a gentleman, but as friends we should split things half and half.  Besides you did drive up here so it’s only fair that I contribute something today.’
He smiled and held out his right hand, ‘It’s a deal!’
Debbie shook his hand and smiled.
As they watched the film Debbie was unsure of what to do, as it had been such a long time since she had been out with a male friend.  The only thing she did know was that she felt relaxed and unworried about his intensions.  Of course she knew that he liked her and she was pretty sure that she liked him, but what made things nicer than normal was the fact he really was a gentleman.  He wasn’t putting it on.  He was his father’s son, except maybe a bit more socially comfortable.
Towards the end of the movie the tone became sombre, as the life of the hero was nearing its end and at this point the audience was on tender hooks to know if he would overcome the evil that consumed him and he would be able to save the day.  Subconsciously she brought her hand up to wipe away a stray tear.  It was as sure as the sun rising that if the storyline was remotely disheartening, she would well up.  Without a sleeve to wipe her tears away subtly, she had to resort to using her fingers.  To her surprise Phil  gently placed his hand on the back of her neck and began to slowly caress.  She glanced at him, only to see that he was focused completely on the film.  She debated whether to break his concentration and move his hand, potentially causing embarrassment or return her attention to the film and enjoy the comfort that his touch had brought.
Before she could decide though Phil turned and looked at her.  Recognition crossed his face and he snapped his hand away.  Sorry he mouthed and dropped his hand between his legs and began watching the screen.  Smiling slightly she turned her attention back to the film.
As the film ended and the lights were turned back on Phil instantly turned in his seat towards Debbie, ‘I’m so sorry Debbie.’
‘It’s ok, really.’  She laid her hand on his knee.
‘No it’s not.  I saw you cry and for some reason I thought I was back with Kathrine.  Most probably because she always would cry at films and I guess habit came over me and I simply wanted to make you feel better.’
‘Honestly Phil it’s ok, besides it did help to comfort me.  It was so sad seeing him go through all that turmoil.’
‘It was a good film.’  He said.
‘Yes.’  She replied.  
They then stood and followed the other members of the audience to leave the theatre.  As they exited the building into the bright sunshine, they both smiled.  
Debbie then said, ‘I had hoped that it would still be raining.’
‘Oh yes?  Are your muscles hurting that much?’  He jokingly nudged himself against her and began walking back towards the car park.
‘Would the straw have dried out enough by now?’  She hadn’t moved much from the entrance to the cinema.
Phil turned and seeing that she had not followed walked back down the hill, ‘Wouldn’t have thought so and besides Dad hasn’t left a message.’
‘Fancy staying out for some late lunch then and maybe an afternoon drink?’  Debbie nervously ran her bottom lip over her teeth.
‘Yeah ok.’  He said giving a small shrug and looking about, ‘Have you got anywhere in mind?’
‘The Inn does nice food and I’m beginning to like the taste of bitter.’
‘What our local The Inn?’
Debbie nodded.
‘I’m not too sure Debbie.’  Phil said looking slightly nervous.
‘Why?’  She tilted her head to the side slightly and raised an eyebrow.
‘Well, they know us there and what if someone tells mum, we won’t hear the end of it. She won’t have it that we’re just friends.’
Without thinking she said, ‘That wouldn’t be so bad.’
‘Huh?’  Phil was completely lost and really hoped that Debbie wasn’t playing games.  Her cheeks went a pink colour. 
She shook her head slightly and then said, ‘Would it be so bad…’ she paused and took a step forward so that she was only inches from him, ‘if we were more?’
‘Umm…’ He looked down at her, she was unbelievably beautiful.  He wasn’t sure he could make her happy or want to be the middle man between her and the guy at work.  She had seemed besotted by the man yet angry at his intentions.  ‘Don’t mess with me Debbie.’  He turned and walked back up the hill towards the car.
Debbie stood for some moments watching him walk away and then suddenly she realised how it must look.  Her hand came up and smacked her forehead.  Only last night she had been saying about James and how much she felt for him and now she was stood before Phil talking about a possible relationship.  She rushed after him, ‘Phil wait, please?’
He stopped, but didn’t look round.  ‘Phil I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to make it sound like I was… I was, well I don’t know how it sounded, but I know how it must look.  I enjoy your company so much and who cares what people think!  I was meaning the pub not us.’  She really wasn’t making any sense.  She stood behind him and lowered her head, ‘I guess we had better go home then.’
Phil slowly turned and Debbie lifted her head to look at him.  ‘Yes I like you.  I have done since that first meal together after I arrived home.  You weren’t completely meaning the pub otherwise your cheeks would not have gone so red.  I cannot and won’t compete for your affection from your work colleague.’  They stared at each other for what felt like hours.
Debbie was the first to break the silence and her eyes darted away as she said, ‘You’ve made me realise that James isn’t the kind of man I deserve.’  She stepped back slightly and continued, ‘He’s the type of bloke I have always gone for because they seem exciting and adventurous,’ Phil’s face tightened as his anger grew, but he said nothing, ‘but then they turn out to be jerks but you’re…’
‘Boring!’  He said in a harsh whisper.
‘No!’  Debbie exclaimed, ‘You listen and you respond and you make me feel wanted and dear god you are bloody gorgeous!’
He moved forward and took her head in his hands and kissed her.  Even though their tongues never touched, Debbie felt intoxicated and hungered for more and even after he released his mouth she was not disappointed.  Still holding her head he flatly said, ‘You do realise that as a gentleman I cannot go any further with you until our third date?’  They both smiled, ‘I’ve already broken one rule and kissed you before our first date.’
‘I think I’ll forgive you.’  She was tempted to kiss him again, but something inside told her that he was not one to be rushed and it would be better if she waited.  ‘Is holding hands too much?’
He lowered his hands and took hold of hers, ‘No, holding hands is expectable for the amount of time that we have known each other.’
Phil didn’t drive to The Inn, instead he went to the pub in the neighbouring village.  As he pulled in he turned to Debbie and said, ‘I still would rather not have mum find out until we’ve been on a couple of dates and we’ve figured out where we’re going, if anywhere.’
‘OK.’  Debbie replied, trying not to sound as downcast as she felt.
As they ate their lunch, the pair spoke of everything and nothing.  Both were enjoying not only the food, but also the company.  As the waitress took the empty plates away, Phil wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and said, ‘Mum said that you two had talked about opening up a farm shop?’
‘Yeah, I asked about what she thought, because she does all that baking for the various WI events and village activities and everyone likes them.  I just thought it would be nice that you guys also learn something from them.’
‘But she’s not a baker and the kitchen isn’t fitted for commercial use.’
‘I know, we were only airing ideas and anyway to sell the cakes she would need to obtain a food hygiene certificate.  My thinking was more of that small field at the top of the property that Trevor uses as a dumping ground.’  Phil nodded and continued to take mouthfuls of his drink at regular intervals while he listened.  ‘We could turn some of that into a vegetable patch and sell the surplus.  We wouldn’t necessarily need to sell it from the farm we could sell it through Barney’s shop in the village.  I’m sure he would welcome something else to encourage people to use his shop.’
‘You have been thinking about this haven’t you?’
Smiling she traced the rim of her glass with a finger as she spoke, ‘Yeah, there aren’t many farm shops this side of the city, so it would be a bonus if your dad did agree to sell straight from the farm.’  She moved her head thinking and finished, ‘Of course that would mean building some kind of shop.’
‘What about licenses and things?’
She shrugged, ‘I’m not entirely sure.  Do you think your dad would be up for it?’
‘He would have to see the whole picture and he’d need all the little details worked out before he even considered the possibility.  He is open for changes to diversify, as he knows that these days that is the only way farmers will survive.’  He then smiled and said, ‘Plus it’s you, he’ll be willing to listen.’ He nudged against her, with a large grin, Debbie smiled as he continued, ‘I know mum has wanted to sell her cakes and have a bigger vegetable patch for many years, but unfortunately she simply doesn’t have the knowhow to make it happen.  She would be happy to bake and cultivate the goods for the shop.  Running it is another story.’
‘Yeah, I thought as much.  He may still not listen to me and I’m not overly business minded.’
Phil interjected, ‘Yes, but you’ve got a brain on you Debs!  These days you can find all sorts out from books and the internet.’
‘True.’
‘I think you should wait until all the bails are in and then during the winter you can sort out the finer points and get things set up before you start sowing seeds around March.’
‘Ah yes!’  Debbie began to get excited about the prospect.  ‘Then while they are growing we can set about creating the shop and advertising and then once the produce is ready we’ll open for business.’
‘Yep, but you’ve also gotta convince dad that once it’s open you can keep it going through the winter.’
‘But we may not need to and there are some things you can grow in winter.  Halloween is getting more and more popular and you’ve got all that holly in the Jacob’s field which I’m sure your mum would enjoy creating wreaths and table ornaments.’
‘I don’t think she knows how…’
Debbie cut him off, ‘Yes but she would be happy to learn, those are the kind of things she does for the WI meetings.  This will just be on a grander scale.’ Placing a hand on his hand she softly said, ‘Don’t forget I’ll be there as well.’
His body tingled at her touch but he didn’t move, ‘Would you still need to work though?’
‘I’m not sure, but I know that your dad cannot necessarily afford to have me on full time.  One farm hand is one thing, but two is another.’
‘Well technically on our wages, we are equivalent to one worker.’
‘I guess, but that’s because I have a job.  If this were my job then I couldn’t expect them to allow me to rent free of charge and work for them for free to even it out!’
‘Yes but…’ he stopped, he didn’t want to finish the sentence.
‘But?’ Debbie sat forward in her chair.
‘Nothing.’  He dropped his eyes to the last of his pint.
‘Come on, spill.  Phil, isn’t honesty what has been missing from all our other relationships?’
He knew she was right, they had compared each of their past relationships and each failed because they or their partner was not open or honest.  ‘But if we were together, he could pay us the difference of the rent.’
‘And the bills?’
‘Humm…’  He hadn’t considered those.
‘You see, I’m not sure but I know one thing, whether or not I work full time for Trevor I can’t stay at my job any longer.’
‘Because of James?’
She shrugged, ‘Partly, but also because these few days I’ve spent working on the farm I’ve realised that I’m not as happy in my job as I thought I was.  I’ve strayed from my dreams and somehow I need to get back, otherwise I don’t think I can be happy there.’
‘Not a sales women then?’
‘Yes and no.  I’m good at it, but I don’t enjoy it and that’s not right.  That’s why I think I can make the shop work.’
‘Well then you’ll have to try then won’t you?’
‘Yep!’  She smiled at him and drank the last bit of her shandy.  ‘Shall we have dessert?’
‘Well, not sure, hang on let me check my mobile, see if dad has left me a message.’  He rumbled in his pocket and produced said item.  ‘Well not dad but mum asking if we want dinner later.’
‘Humm… can’t say no to that, but don’t think I should have dessert now knowing that your mum’s cooking.’  Debbie licked her lips at the prospect of dinner.
‘Can’t believe you’re thinking about dinner after just eating lunch!’  Phil laughed and finished the last of his drink.
‘Well…’  She bit her lower lip and looked to the table.
‘Shall we be off then?’
‘Yes, lets.’  She stood and picked up her small handbag.
‘Did you two have a good time?’  Alison asked as Debbie came into the kitchen followed by Phil.
‘Yes thanks!’ Debbie said still giggling from their conversation in the car.
‘I hope you two are hungry?’
‘Well…’  Debbie started and then Phil jumped in with, ‘for your cooking, of course mum!’  He bounced over to his mum and planted a big kiss on her cheek, making Alison giggle with delight.
Alison exclaimed, ‘Oh you are such a good son to me and yet you still cannot keep your bedroom tidy!’
‘Come on mum, don’t think Debbie wants to know all my secrets.’
Ignoring her son she continued speaking to Debbie, ‘I tell you the only time that room has been tidy was when he was away!’  Both girls giggled and Debbie took the opportunity to look at Phil and watch as his cheeks flushed red.  ‘I used to threaten him with bin bags on bin day, but he got smart to that and placed everything on his bed as then it wasn’t on the floor.  Then the day after it would all be back on the floor again.’
‘What a cheeky monkey.’  Debbie beamed at Phil and then back at Alison, sharing the joke.
‘Anyway enough of this!’  Phil protested opening the cutlery draw and began to noisily lay the table.
‘That’s one way to get him to lay the table.’  Alison said to Debbie while still mocking her son.
Phil glared over at the two girls still red in the cheeks.  ‘I hope you two aren’t going to gang up on me when you have your shop.’
Debbie wandered over to him and as she jabbed in the ribs she said, ‘Course, someone’s gotta keep you in line!’
‘We still haven’t said anything to dad yet so don’t get too excited.’  Alison warned as she opened the oven door to see how dinner was cooking.
‘Haven’t said what to dad?’  Trevor appeared in the kitchen from the front hallway, the two dogs came bounding in and began demanding attention from everyone.  ‘To your beds!’  Trevor barked and instantly the dogs moved off to the back door.  ‘Now what is it you three need to tell me?’  He sat at the table and lent back on the chair, awaiting a response.
Alison and Phil both looked to Debbie and Alison mouthed go on.
Ringing her hands together she approached her boss.  She swallowed and took a deep breath.  ‘Well I wondered what you thought to starting another vegetable patch and selling the surplus?’
‘Ahah.  How?’  Trevor replied giving her a quizzical look.
‘Well…’ she looked back towards the other two only to be met by hands motioning her to continue, ‘we could either sell it to Barney for his store, or’
‘Or?’  Trevor pressed.
‘Or we open a farm shop here on the farm.’
‘Where else would you have a farm shop?’
Debbie went red at the criticism but kept going, ‘Well it would be best situated up at the entrance so that you don’t have to have too many coming down onto the farm and it would mean that the field that you can only graze animals on could also be used to bring in money.  We could even do a pick your own, the yuppies love that stuff.’
‘We’d need planning permission.’  Trevor remarked.
‘Yes, but with the right business approach and playing up to the land registry I shouldn’t think there would be a problem as you don’t have subsidence in the field and it already has access to the road so you wouldn’t need to create much, except maybe a car park but these days city folk are loving the whole parking in a field as it makes them feel more connected to countryside.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous!’  Trevor roared and began to laugh.
Phil came and stood by Debbie, ‘Dad come on you know what these yuppies are like, they’ll do anything if they think that it is good for environment or themselves.’
‘True.’  He rubbed his chin with his hand, ‘When would you want to open?’
‘Just as the produce is starting to mature and ready for picking.  I can plan out the whole growing so that the shop will have something in for most of the year round and we’ll have a chilled section so that you can start selling the animals fresh.’  She turned and held her hand out to Alison, ‘and of course once Alison gets her food hygiene certificate we can sell her cakes and anything else that she can produce from in here.’
‘All sounds good.’  Debbie beamed at Trevor’s response, but then his smile faded as he said, ‘but it also sounds like it’s going to cost much more then I have and I don’t think the bank will give me any more money.’
‘But he might give some to me?’  The question came with Alison’s voice and all turned their attention to her.  ‘Look, I’m not on your books and my credit rating is fine and it will be Debbie’s and my business so you wouldn’t have to worry about it.’
‘Oh really!’  Trevor raised an eyebrow, ‘Debbie, I can’t afford to pay you and you surely cannot run a shop and have a full time job?’
‘You’re right, but I can work up until it opens and then my pay will come from the profit and,’ she took a deep breath and quickly said, ‘if you let me live in the cottage rent free then you’ll be kinda paying me anyway.’  She winced at the prospect of what Trevor was going to do so when he stood up and gave her an almighty hug she relaxed.
He released her and held her at arm’s length and said, ‘I tell you Debbie, sometimes I forget that you’re not my daughter, as you’re as cheeky as any of the ones that belong to me!  You research it and bring me a business plan and then we’ll go from there.’
Debbie giggled and jumped up and down with excited, ‘Oh my god, really?’  She could not help but shriek with delight, making both of the men put their fingers in their ears and harshly shout her name and told her to calm down.  ‘Sorry, I just didn’t think you would say yes to it!’  She turned to see Alison with tears in her eyes; she took her in a tight embrace, ‘Thanks’ she whispered in her ear.
The hysteria slowly died down as they took their places at the table, allowing Alison to serve the dinner.  They talked a little more about Debbie’s plan for the farm shop, but eventually Trevor said that he didn’t want to hear any more until she had the business plan down on paper.  From there the conversation became the usual talk of village news and gossip.
That night Debbie went to bed still buzzing from the possible change in events.  Then as morning came she was already up and on her laptop typing away her initial plan for the farm shop.  Before midday she went to her parents’ house to use their broadband as the farm still had not come into the twenty first century.  She spent the whole day researching as much of the business plan as she could and even managed to set up and appointment during the week with a business adviser at the building society.  She ate dinner with her parents and spoke at length with her father of her proposed plan and what he thought she should do.  He had a business mind having created his own successful venture several years earlier.  
It was only when her mother said, ‘Don’t forget it’s Monday tomorrow and I don’t think you have a suit here.’
‘Oh buggar,’  Debbie said, ‘it’s been nice all day, but I doubt we’ll be bailing tomorrow.  Trevor said that he would be turning the hay today and would see how it was.’  Pulling her mobile out of her pocket she disheartedly said, ‘He hasn’t rung me either so I guess it wasn’t dry enough to bail.’  She finished her cup of tea that she had been nursing for the past half hour, collected her keys from the table in the hallway and made her way to her car.  ‘Thanks for the dinner mum and thanks dad for your help.’
As she settled into her bed she was still excited about the various events over the weekend.  Before she turned out the light she suddenly remembered that she would be facing James in the morning and would discover what Sam had decided.  If he spoke to her at all she thought.  Then she smiled as she thought of the uncomplicated blond and blue eyed boy that was sleeping just across the farmyard from where she was lying in bed.  She fell asleep wondering what Phil was like when he slept, if he snored or if he had wild dreams.
Debbie woke before her alarm, not because of anxiousness at what James might say, but at the fact that it didn’t matter anymore.  The drive was as depressing as it had been last week and as she drove she decided that she needed to get the business plan ready as soon as possible and get things underway.  That is if it turns out her plan will work.  Of course it will!  She thought trying to think more positively.
It seemed to work too for as she walked into the office her head was held high and she smiled sweetly saying ‘Good morning.’ to everyone already in.
‘Take it the rain has postponed things at the farm slightly?’  Fiona enquired from the photocopier.
‘Unfortunately yes, there’s only one field left to bail so it’s a bit annoying really.  As long as it stays warm today they should be able to bail it in no time.’
‘Will they not be requiring you then?’  Fiona almost looked disappointed for Debbie.
‘Trevor will call if he needs me, but what with his son being home, he’s got a spare set of hands.’
‘Oh right.’  Fiona turned back to the photocopier and Debbie shrugged and began to log into her various items of electronic equipment.
 
~ Chapter 14 – A Decision Has To Be Made ~
The day continued like any other and Debbie found it easy to talk to James.  She still found extremely attractive and conversation was still flirtatious at times, but she didn’t have the same lustful feelings.
At three o’clock James received a phone call on his mobile.  Normally he would simply answer in the office, but he quickly walked in the direction of the kitchen.  Everybody looked at each other and when each shrugged, the office returned to normal.  It was only when James had been gone for near on an hour, did Fiona get up and started to walk out.  As she past Debbie’s desk, Debbie got to her feet and said, ‘I’ll go.  He was going to speak to Sam at the weekend about,’  she motioned with her hand, ‘everything… it might be to do with that.’
‘OK, you know where I am if you need me?’  Fiona said and turned back to her desk.
Debbie locked her computer, as she had been looking at planning permissions online while business had been quiet.  She walked towards the kitchen not knowing what she was going to find.  As she neared she couldn’t hear any talking so guessed that James was no longer on his mobile.  The door was closed and even though it was a communal kitchen she softly knocked on the door.
‘You can come in Fiona, I’m ok.’  A solemn voice came from the other side of the door.
As Debbie opened the door and peered round the corner she asked, ‘And what about me?’
James had been sat at the table staring into a cup, but upon hearing Debbie’s voice he jumped up and turned to face her.  ‘Hi.’  He lifted his hand and waved, suddenly unaware of what to say.
‘Can I come in?’  Debbie asked still half in and half out of the kitchen.
‘Course.  It’s a kitchen for everybody.’  He motioned his hands round to indicate so.
‘I’m not here for a drink, I came to see if you were ok.’
‘Thanks, do you want one anyway?’
‘OK.’
James started to make Debbie a cup of coffee, ‘Take a seat.’  He said over his shoulder.  Debbie obliged and waited patiently for him to finish and join her.  As he sat he started to speak slowly at first and steadily picked up speed the more words he said.  ‘That was Sam.  I spoke to her on Saturday about our future and such, like I said to you I would.  She left soon after and went to stay with her mother, to think things over.  We didn’t argue exactly,’  Debbie hadn’t said or done anything, but he seemed to think it needed an explanation, ‘and I didn’t say about you, just that I was unsure of where we were going and whether we truly had jumped into marriage just because it seemed like to right thing to do at the time.’  Debbie nodded and sipped at her coffee.  James hardly looked at her as he spoke and after a short pause he continued.  ‘She’s organised us to see a counsellor tomorrow lunchtime to discuss things as she also feels that we’ve lost our way somewhat and rather than simply give up, we should perhaps see if there is anything we can do or whether we finish it now while we’re still friends.’
‘That’s a good thing though?’  Debbie said as she tilted her head to one side, confused by his sadness.
He gave a small shrug, ‘I guess.’
‘It is!’  Debbie decided that she needed to be forceful this time and make him see the leaves on the trees rather than just the forest that stood before him.  ‘James, she wants to try just like you did.  You didn’t go in with intention of breaking up just to find out what she wants.  You can’t turn around now and say that it’s not what you want because you couldn’t be bothered to choose in the first place.’
Shocked, James looked up and straight at Debbie.  ‘Wow you can be quite assertive when you want to be.’  He took a gulp of his drink, ‘You’re right though, as always,’ he smiled and Debbie began to relax a little, ‘I didn’t really want to lose her, just maybe not be married to her.’
‘Then you need to tell her that!  Otherwise you won’t have her as a friend either, although it’s not that easy to stay friends with someone when you’ve already been more.’
‘You speak as though you know.’  Debbie simply made a sound in her throat in acknowledgement.  ‘So, what should I do?’  James said as he swilled the drink.
‘You already know James, but what you must not do is do this because of me.  I know I helped start you doubting your relationship and I am sorry.  Although it looks as though it would have happened either way because the feelings were already there you just hadn’t had a reason to bring them to the surface.’
‘I cannot promise I won’t, you’re a very special lady Debbie.’  He smiled at her and she blushed with embarrassment.
They finished their drinks, washed up the cups and returned to the office.  James held a fixed smile on his face as he went over to Fiona and said that he needed to take half a day tomorrow for personal reasons.  He explained that Debbie had agreed that she would come in regardless of what was happening on the farm to ensure there was someone here in case a customer rang or worst, they came by the office unannounced.  Fiona agreed, but made it clear that he would need to come in early in order to be gone before midday.
As Debbie left work and watched James drive off, she felt happy and sad all at the same time.  She knew that he would choose his wife over her, why wouldn’t he she thought.  Technically she and Phil were dating, but it still hurt slightly that it wasn’t her he chose.
When Debbie got back to the farm she went and found Trevor in the back field checking over the shorthorn cattle he was grazing there.  ‘Afternoon Trev!’  She called out as she swung her legs over the gate.
Trevor turned in mid thought.  A smile crossed his face as he saw that it was indeed Debbie, ‘Hello.  Good day at work?’
‘Interesting!’  She said with a nod of her head.  Luckily she had decided to put on her Wellington boots, for as she stepped down her foot almost disappeared into the mud.  A loud suction noise could be heard as she pulled her boot out, grunting slightly as she did so.  ‘Got some bad news though?’
‘Oh?’  Trevor said more to the cows that to her.
‘I won’t be able to help out tomorrow if the straw dries out enough to bail.’
‘OK not to worry, there’s only one field left to go and then it will be onto the haylidge down by Martin’s place.’
‘Haylidge?’
He looked at her then and then his face softened as he explained, ‘Like bails of straw, but made with hay and then we wrap it up in plastic and its left to ferment.  Then when its good and ready we feed it to the animals during the winter months.’
‘Oh right.  Will you need me when you do that?’
Trevor chuckled and resting a hand on her shoulder remarked, ‘No offence meant Debs, but you wouldn’t be able to lift one of those bails.’
‘Humph!’  Debbie crossed her arms and frowned only to then see the glint in his eye.  There was more to the remark that in time she would discover the meaning to, so she shrugged and said, ‘So when will you need me next?’
‘Saturday I guess, unless of course we get some more rain today and then the bailing will be put off anyway.’  They both started walking back towards the farm when Trevor suddenly said, ‘I’ve been thinking about your farm shop idea.’
Without letting him continue Debbie step in with, ‘I’ve started to put together a business plan today and I’m going to speak to some of the other farm shops around the city under the guise of packaging sales to see what I can find out.’
Trevor hummed in acknowledgement before continuing, he was getting use to Debbie’s outbursts. ‘It’s a good idea, but I’m not too sure if I can afford to have you rent the cottage and only having your pay come from whatever profit the shop makes.  It may take quite a while for business to pick up, even if you do get the products in and advertise.  And it’s not really like I can have you do more work round the farm as there’s only just enough to certify me having Phil back working with me.  And I know you mean well, but I don’t think Alison is really up for going to college and doing this qualification you were talking of.’
‘Well…’  Debbie didn’t quite anywhere to begin.  She had all the answers to his questions, but it was how to put it in a delicate manner so she didn’t make it seem like he had missed the bigger picture.  ‘I’m going to stay on where I am until after the winter and most probably right up until I’m needed more here.  I can juggle my hours about and do quite a lot of work from home so that I can be here sorting out stuff for the shop while still keeping an eye on work.’
‘But there’s no internet.’  Trevor protested as they entered the barn.
‘It won’t take much to get it.  I have a phone line in my house yes?’  Trevor nodded in agreement before he started to fish about in his tool box for something, ‘I’ll get a broadband account and then I can go wireless and as things get rolling we could bring you into the twenty first centaury.’  Trevor looked up and then smiled as he saw Debbie’s cheeky grin.
‘Oh ok, but what about money?  What if you didn’t pay my rent, only pay the utilities?’
‘Trevor, you’re beginning to sound like my father.’
‘Well, sometimes I feel like it!  I’d be willing to drop the rent until we know what’s happening with the shop then if it works you can start paying again, if it doesn’t and you have to get another job we’ll start again once you’re settled.’
Debbie moved forward and wrapped her arms around him and planted a kiss on his cheek, before turning round and dashing out of the barn towards her cottage, ‘See you later Trev!’
Trevor waved from inside the barn and watched as she skipped across the farm yard.  He had always wanted a daughter, but he guessed a daughter-in-law would be just as good, especially if it were Debbie.  He really hoped that she could make the farm shop work, then there was no reason that she wouldn’t she had it in her genes.  Her dad had made his fortune doing the very same thing, well not a shop, but his own enterprise.
Debbie spent that night alone in her cottage.  Alison had come over and asked if she wanted to join them for dinner.  Debbie had declined saying that she needed to spend some time on her own for a while.  She sat in front of her television and ate her pizza, which she had collected from the roadside, as she knew Trevor wouldn’t want someone coming down the driveway and they would most probably knock on the wrong door away.  She had sent a text to Phil, to let him know that she wanted to be on her own and for him not to worry.  She liked the solitude and enjoyed sorted some more of her home out.  The last few months had been a whirlwind and even though it was evident that she lived there it still didn’t quite feel like her own space yet.
The next day Debbie set to sorting out appointments with other farm shops.  She was doing business for both the farm and for the company.  They needed to find new ways to sell their packaging and they hadn’t branched out into the food market, not because of any reason in particular, but because they hadn’t really thought to.  However, each time she put down her earpiece or sent an email she would look over at Fiona and feel as though she was betraying her.  She didn’t want to leave, yet at the same time she didn’t really want to stay anymore and she thought besides if I do get this business up and running I’ll most probably need packaging of some sort.
She hardly saw James in the morning and after he left, Debbie decided to start Katie on the promised training.  Katie was keen to learn and in a way she guessed by ensuring Katie learnt more of Debbie’s job, she was simply trying to ease her conscience and not feel as though she was abandoning the team for something that might not even work anyway.
The following day James took another day of holiday.  Fiona was not overly impressed by his short notice, but as they didn’t have much on she couldn’t overly complain.  Debbie hoped that it was good news rather than bad, which had resulted in the unexpected request, however she decided not to dwell on it and kept going with the research and enquires that she had started the day before.  One of which came up trumps and she had to quickly get Fiona to sign off to say that could go off site to do a sale in situ.
Debbie arrived at the farm almost an hour after the initial phone call from the farmer informing her that he was interested in finding out more about the packaging she could supply.  Luckily she had managed to find a selection of relevant samples in the store cupboard left over from conference.  As she walked into the shop she realised that there was a lot more to think about then simply growing the food and then selling it.  There was the presentation and also the variety, she almost felt like she was walking into a mini grocery store rather than a farm shop.  Then again that was not the reason for coming, so she took a deep breath and once she found her contact she began to make the sale.  Of course some of the questions she asked were double sided, giving her an idea of the type of information she need to collect for her business plan.  The presentation and the chit chat seemed to go on for hours and Debbie was beginning to feel that she was prodding a dead donkey, when the owner suddenly smiled, stuck out his hand and said, ‘You’ve got a deal little miss sunshine.  You push a hard sale, but I think your packaging could do wanders for my easily bruising fruit and veg.’
‘Thank you Mr. Hamersham.’  Debbie said, almost curtseying as she spoke.  From her briefcase she produced the necessary paperwork, handing it over she said, ‘And now for the really boring stuff, but it means that we can start supplying you with the required packaging as soon as possible.’
Mr. Hamersham rubbed his hands together before taking Debbie’s pen and after reading carefully through all the small print, began signing by each of the crosses Debbie had neatly placed.
Debbie left the farm shop feeling elated and also informed.  She had managed to make a sale all on her own, without James there to hold her hand.  She wanted to ring him and tell him, but decided against it.  If he and Sam were truly trying to sort things, the last thing he needed was a girl from the office to be calling on his day off to talk about work.  So she rang Phil instead and told him all about the deal and in return he spoke of how the last lot of bailing was going.
As Debbie started to close of the conversation Phil quickly said, ‘Debbie, are you up to anything this Saturday night?’
She went quiet trying to think and then said, ‘Nope don’t think so why?’
‘I just wandered if you would like to come to a gig with me?’
‘Ummm…’  Debbie bit her bottom lip.
‘My mate’s rock band is playing in this battle of the bands thing, down at the student union bar, and the more people he can get to vote for the band the better their chances are of winning.’
Feeling slightly relieved, and also inwardly embarrassed, that it was in fact a music gig she said, ‘Yes ok that would be great, I haven’t had a chance to see many bands lately.’
‘That’s what I thought and I think you’ll like their music, it’s a cross between punk and old style heavy rock.’
‘Sounds great.’  She tried to sound more upbeat than she felt as she didn’t really know if she liked that kind of music.  
‘I’ll fill you in on Saturday, better let you get back to the office and let your boss know that you’ve landed them a big standing order.’
Thinking that Saturday was two whole days away she half-heartedly said, ‘Yeah I guess I had better.  Bye.’  Hanging up the phone, she travelled back to the office.
‘He wants what?’  Fiona was between ecstasy and anger.  On the former she was thrilled that Debbie had landed such a big client on her own that would help them during the sticky economic climate.  Yet she was also angry because Debbie had taken the new samples, but with the old price list and so she had possibly underestimated and therefore may lose the customer once he discovered how much it was really going to cost.
‘Don’t worry Fiona, I’ve got it sorted and he knows that it is only a quote and that I am to be sending over the current price list once it’s printed.’  Fiona sighed, ‘I told him that the price lists come out three times a year and as it was the middle of August the next one would be out for the beginning of September.  I told him that the prices would not be changing very much, but he had a fourteen day get out clause should he decide that he no longer wants to use us.’
‘I knew there was a reason I had promoted you!’  Fiona wanted to hug Debbie, but thought that might be pushing the boundaries of their working relationship so simply smiled and announced to Marcus and Katie, ‘Debbie’s got us another big customer so I’m taking you out to lunch again!’
They all cheered and both Katie and Marcus stuck their mugs high in the air and shouted, ‘Three cheers for Debs, Hip Hip Hooray!’
‘Oh you two really!’  Fiona shook her head, although she was still smiling so it was a given that the outburst would slide.
On the Thursday James returned to work.  His spirits were better than they had been on the Monday and at the news of Debbie’s success, he brightened more but was still not completely himself.
After a few hours he messaged Debbie asking if she would join him for a coffee in the kitchen.  After reading it Debbie stood up, stretched and asked the room, ‘Anybody need a drink?  I’m going to get a coffee.’
As per usual all wanted a drink except Katie, ‘I’m still worried I’m going to spill it over your notes, I’ll have one once I’ve finished this lot of inputting and I can put your stuff away.’
Debbie smiled, ‘No worries Katie, but you know it better than you think you do.  It will come in time and you won’t even need to look at my notes.’
As Debbie took the tray from the table by the main window James said, ‘I’ll come give you a hand, I need to stretch my legs a bit and ask you about this new customer of yours.’
‘OK.’  Debbie shrugged and walked out towards the kitchen with James following almost on her heels.  As they came into the kitchen Debbie was the first to speak, ‘How did it go?’
‘OK I guess.  She feels like I do so I guess that’s something?’
‘Yeah, well it won’t fix itself overnight.’
‘No I know,’ James fiddled with a paper clip he had found in his suit pocket.  ‘I still think of you though.’  He paused as Debbie spun round to stare at him, so he quickly added, ‘Only from time to time.  I don’t want things to be complicated, but I just want to know, do you still feel the same way as you did before?’
‘It’s hard to say James,’ she replied slowly turning around and starting to make the various drinks.  ‘It’s been a manic month and to be honest I was never looking for a relationship, so in a way I guess it’s quite good that we had some fun but now it’s over.’
‘Is it over?’  He replied with raised eyebrows.
She didn’t bother to turn round for fear that if she actually looked at him she would crumble and the affair would start all over again, ‘It has to be.’
Before she could say anything else James was stood directly behind her.  She could feel his breath on the back of her neck, and sense that he was only inches away from her.  He whispered gently, ‘Tell me you don’t feel anything.’
She gritted her teeth, swallowed and said with determination, ‘I don’t feel anything James.’  She turned to face him, her face serious and stern.  She looked in to his eyes, ‘James what we have is lust, there’s no basis for anything else.’
‘But there could be.’
She pushed him away with both hands to distance herself from him and the intoxicating intimacy.  ‘This stops right here, right now!’  She pointed at the floor as she spoke and looked him straight in the face.
James threw his hands up in the air and his face relaxed, ‘OK OK.  It stops, right here and right now.’  He held out his hand, ‘Friends and nothing more.’
She gingerly took his hand, not entirely sure what he had in mind.  ‘Friends.’  To Debbie’s surprise they simply shook hands and then he dropped the grasp.
‘So this customer of yours, did you drug him or something to get him to sign your papers!’  The mocking smile eased Debbie’s nerves and they began to banter about her success like old times.  
The rest of the day and in fact the remainder of the week, pasted without any more speak of lust or relationships.  She was still wary of him, but she guessed it was his last desperate plea to not have to face the problem that awaited him at home.
 
~ Chapter 15 – Another Friendship Date ~
When Phil knocked on her door Saturday morning she had almost completely forgotten about their date.  ‘Morning, Dad said I should come and get you and we’ll start cleaning out the pigs.’
‘OOO, what a fun morning this will be.’  She said a bit too sarcastically.  Despite things between her and James becoming more amicable, she was still worried that he was going to make life difficult and so she had not slept very well for most of the week.  Consequently she was already in a sarcastic mood, even before Phil knock on the door.
‘I’m sorry, shall I come back.’  Phil said, his eyebrow raised.
Realising how her comment must have sounded she extended her arm and rested it on the hand he had propped on his waist, ‘I’m sorry Phil,’ she hung her head in shame before continuing, ‘it’s been a rather odd week and I had completely forgotten I was due to be working this morning as well as going out with you tonight.’
Phil kept his tone even, ‘I can take a rain check if you like.’
She shook her head and then motioning with her arm for him to come inside she said, ‘Let me just have some coffee and I’ll be ready to go.’
He brightened at this and quickly said, ‘How about a hug?’
She looked at him, ‘Only if it is a friendly one?’
He outstretched his arms, ‘Of course and we can change this evening to a friendly date rather than a date date.’
She almost fell into his arms and enjoyed the strength that she felt as he held her close.  She debated for a few seconds of what her response would be and then pulling herself away from the embrace she said, ‘Would you be overly disappointed if I asked that it was just a friendly date.’
Phil rocked on his heels, ‘I won’t say that I won’t be disappointed, but of course it can just be a friend date.’  Smiling she continued walking into the kitchen.  Phil called after, ‘besides, a second date normally means a kiss and I’m a bit nervous of that so I’m happy to wait until you’re ready.’
Popping her head out of the doorway she raised an eyebrow and said, ‘Two dates equals a kiss in your books eh?  So the small kiss the other weekend was just?’
‘Well…’ he slowly made his way to the kitchen, his hands held behind his back, ‘depends how you want to play it because of course some say that you should have sex after the third date, and technically this would be our third as I kissed you on the first.’
‘Oh really?’  She said amused.
He gave her a nonchalant shake of his shoulders, ‘Yeah, but I’m much more of a play it by ear kinda man.’
Her lip came up on one side as she tried not to laugh, ‘Humm… you’ve thought about this haven’t you?’
‘Hard not to when your sat on a tractor for the best part of two weeks with nothing but the radio to keep you entertained.  The brain begins to wander after a while.  Especially if you’ve been in the presence of a beautiful lady that glows the more hard labour she does.’  Phil gave her a coy smile.
‘I guess.’  She clicked the lid on her travel mug trying not to read too much into his speech, ‘Right I’m ready to work, well at least attempt to start working.’  She added as Phil raised an eyebrow before extending an arm to allow her to lead the way.
After a morning of moving muck and trying not to get pushed over by pigs, Debbie looked at Phil, his muscles strained against his top while he worked and the heat had caused him to practically soak it in sweat.  She glanced down at herself and realised that she most probably didn’t look much more attractive but somehow a lot more dirty.  ‘How is it that I’m muddier than you?’
‘Closer to the ground.’  Phil chuckled and continued moving loads of muck with the wheelbarrow.
‘You cheeky monkey!  If it wasn’t so muddy in here I’d come over there and push you in it myself!’
He gave a bark of laugher as he said, ‘Yeah right.’
Debbie turned and looking down saw a piece of loose mud on the bottom of her shovel and as he trudged away she flicked the end over her shoulder.  The piece of mud flew through the air and hit Phil squarely between the shoulder blades.  He dropped the wheelbarrow and Debbie squealed with laughter.  
‘Right that’s it!’  He shouted, and before she had time to react, Phil came bounding across the pen and rugby tackled her to the floor.  In no time they were both absolutely covered in muck and the pigs went running round in circles with excitement wanting to join in the game.
Then the awkward moment occurred that usually did when such flirtations happened.  As they stopped tickling and fighting each other in the mud they came face to face.  Phil gently pulled some of the chunks of mud from her hair.  Debbie felt her whole body shiver at his touch, even though the humidity alone was enough to keep anyone warm.  As they looked into each other’s eyes it was the moment in which they either kissed or stood up.  They both smiled and stood up.  
‘We had better finish up in here and shower off before dad sees the mess we’ve made.’  Phil said as he turned and walked away.  The awkwardness was gone and Debbie began to feel disappointed that she had asked to make this evenings date into a friend one.  She would truly like to kiss him again, but properly this time.
As the time drew near for the concert Debbie began to detest her brain for thinking why he wanted this evening to be a ‘friend’ date.  However, upon arriving at the concert Phil took her to meet all of his friends.  There was ten there to be exact and each one of them was interested to know who she was.  However, upon hearing ‘friend’ without ‘girl’ before it, they quickly lost interest and chatted amongst themselves.  Then as if he had read her mind Phil leant in close to her and in a low voice said, ‘That’s why I went along with this being a friend date.  I love each and every one of these people, but as soon as someone brings a potential lover into the group, they have to know every last detail to ensure that they won’t upset the dynamics of the group.  They still might interrogate you later, but for now they are content.’
Debbie was slightly taken aback by this, ‘Wow that sounds worse than the Spanish Inquision!’
‘Na, they’re ok, but at least this way you get to know them and they get to know you without the pressure.’
Phil handed Debbie her ticket and motioned her to follow the group into the bar.  As the music started, she began to hear the familiar beats of rock.   Her feet and hips began moving with little encouragement from herself and she quickly began enjoying herself.  Phil stayed close to her all evening.
Before the next band came on, the group created a circle and began discussing the previous act.  They brought Debbie into the conversation quite a few times and she felt comfortable enough to answer.  As she stood listening, she realised that once again Phil was standing almost directly behind her.  She smiled and moved sideways as if to bring him into the conversation.  Almost immediately he said, ‘You were ok where you were Debs.’
‘I know,’ she said and lent against him before mockingly adding, ‘you’re not very good at giving an impression that we are just friends.’
Despite there not being much light in the bar Debbie could see his cheeks redden.  He coughed in the back of the throat before saying, ‘Well, there’s lots of groping hands in these dark clubs.  I wouldn’t want you to leave with the wrong impression of this place.’
‘Humm….’ Debbie turned back to the group, but within a few minutes the final band started to play and the group once again spread out and Debbie felt Phil place his hand on her side.
They left the club just after the band finished playing, leaving the rest of the group to continue drinking.  ‘Did you not want to stay?’  Asked Debbie as they made their way back to the car.
‘Na, I can’t drink as much as they can now and besides after nearly eight months of being away, there’s quite a bit I missed and I don’t much fancy catching up while binge drinking.’
‘I don’t think that’s the reason.’  She said in a matter of fact tone as she opened the door to his car.
‘Oh really?’  He replied with amusement.
As she sat, Debbie’s smile became a grin, ‘No, you just don’t want to pay for a taxi back to the farm!’
As it wasn’t what he thought she was going to say he burst out laughing, ‘True and besides I don’t think Dad will appreciate it much if I bring you home drunk and you’re not able to work in the morning.’  Debbie giggled and as Phil drove them back to the farm they discussed the bands that had played and which they each liked the best.
 
~ Chapter 16 – Rain Calls Off Work on the Farm ~
Once again Monday came about far too quickly for Debbie’s liking.  Trevor had given Phil and her another area of the farm to muck out on the Sunday to make sure that things were getting in place ready for the winter.  Debbie could hardly believe that it was almost September.  The week continued similar to the last.  She and James continued to be pleasant to each other and she was beginning to once again enjoy their lunches together, as there no longer seemed to be a hidden agenda or a desire to rip each other’s clothes off.
While at work, it saddened Debbie slightly that there wasn’t that passion, but at the same time it made working with him and doing presentations together much easier and more productive.  When she could, she worked on the business plan for the farm.  She had managed to get another farm shop to use their packaging during transport and so she didn’t feel quite so guilty for the mutiny that she was creating.
Two weeks later she sat at her terminal and after giving a large sigh, she stretched her arms into the air, stood up and said, ‘Well that’s that done, who needs a drink?’  The usual chorus rang out and she wandered off to the kitchen holding the tray and humming to herself.
As the kettle boiled she heard the footsteps enter the kitchen, ‘Got a minute Debbie?’  The voice didn’t quite fit the person who usually came down when she made drinks and so she had to turn to discover who it was.  Katie stood in the doorway, rubbing her hands nervously.
‘Yeah sure, take a seat.  I’ll just finish making the drinks, but don’t let that stop you.  How can I help?’
‘Are you going to leave?’  Katie looked almost as if she was going to cry with anticipation of Debbie’s response.
She looked at Katie and gave a slow shake of the head, ‘No not at the minute.  Why?’
‘Oh no reason, it’s just you seem to be training me up to do your job and I’ve seen you doing some kind of report.’  Debbie subconsciously glared at Katie, ‘Oh sorry’ she squeaked and looked away quickly hoping that she wasn’t about to be shouted at. ‘I don’t normally pry, but I needed to print something from your computer and you had left the document open on screen.’
Debbie shook her head slightly then smiled her face softening, ‘Looks like I’ve been rumbled.’  Sighing she continue, ‘I’ll be honest with you Katie, but it goes no further than this room, I don’t want to tell Fiona until I have to.’  She got up and closed the door to the kitchen before returning to her seat.  ‘I’m putting together a business plan for the farmer I work for, to build a farm shop on site.  If I can get everything sorted I hope to run it.’
Katie’s face appeared somewhere between happiness and teary.  ‘That’s great I guess, but what about us?’
‘Katie, you know very well this isn’t what I want to do with the rest of my life.  I’m also not about to give it up either.’  She took a sip of her coffee, ‘I’m not going to leave until I know that, firstly the business is going ahead and also that you are capable of doing the job.  Until either you take on the role or they get someone else in to do it.’
Katie swallowed and then said, ‘OK that’s made me feel a little better.’
‘Don’t worry Katie, you’re good at your job and James and Marcus are always there to help, especially Marcus.’
This made Katie blush and a wide smile crept across her face, ‘He is a lovely man isn’t he?’
Debbie smiled and nodded, ‘Yes he is.’
‘You’ll find somebody one day Debs.’  She wanted to reply that she already had, but she simply nodded and standing picked up the tray of drinks.
That night she went straight to the farm house when she got back from work, clutching the business plan in her hands.  The house was quiet and as Debbie didn’t get pushed over by two very excitable dogs, she guessed that Trevor was on the farm somewhere.  She found Alison choosing food from the pantry and at the sight of the folder she exclaimed, ‘Is that the finished plan?’  Debbie nodded and after Alison had rubbed her hands on her apron and motioned with her hand for Debbie to move back into the kitchen she said, ‘Let’s have a look then?’
Debbie sat opposite Alison at the kitchen table while she read Debbie’s work.  Every so often Alison would make a noise, but Debbie couldn’t quite work out if they were good or bad.   After she laid it down onto the table Debbie asked, ‘What do you think then?’
‘Well I’m no expert Debs, but it looks like you know your stuff and have put a lot of research into it.’
‘Yes.’  She said slowly and while drumming her fingers she added, ‘Do you think Trevor will go for it?’
Alison waved her hand in the air to dismiss to comment, ‘Of course he will Debbie, he looks at you as the daughter he never had.  Trusting that it will work is another matter.’  She sat forward in her chair and pointed casually at Debbie, ‘You will just have to prove him otherwise.  Like you said, it’s fashionable for city folk these days to buy from farm shops and the local village would back us as we’re closer than Old MacDonald’s and Middleton Farm.’
‘Oh did I tell you that I’ve got Mr. Hamersham from Middleton Farm using the packaging that my company sells?’
‘Really! He always seems like such a scrooge at the fates.’
‘I think it’s just a front, he’s really nice and seemed to hang off every word I said.’
‘Humm…’ Alison said as she began to prepare the dinner, ‘Is Phil coming by tonight?’
Over the past few weeks Phil had come round after dinner for a drink.  They never declared them as dates so as not to put pressure on themselves or make either feel uncomfortable.  She had really enjoyed the company and also the more she found out about him the more she realised she liked him for more than his body.  But she knew he wanted to take things slow, so she didn’t push for anything more than friendship, despite how much her heart and groin wanted it.  ‘Maybe, depends if there’s footy on.’
‘Oh of course it’s Wednesday!  I was only thinking of when you were going to give Trevor your plan?’
‘Not sure, tonight I guess and then that will give him a couple of days to read through it before the weekend when we’ll have more of a chance to discuss it.’
 ‘Humm…. I’ll nag him to make sure he does read it.’  Alison sighed and began mixing various ingredients to make a sauce to cover the meat that was beginning to cook in the Aga.
‘See you later then Alison.’  Debbie said as she walked out of the kitchen door in search of Trevor, clutching her plan as she went.
‘Dinner will be in about an hour.’
‘OK.’  Debbie took a step back to glace around the door at Alison, ‘You know I’m not eating here tonight?’
Alison nodded, ‘Yeah I know.’  Then she gave Debbie a wink and added, ‘Just in case you do find my darling husband you can give him a timeframe to work against.’
Debbie laughed and as she closed the door she said, ‘No worries, I’ll see you Friday night.’
Debbie soon found Trevor, he was cursing to himself as he attempted to fix something on his tractor.  ‘Need a hand?’
Trevor spun round and shook his hand.  He had obviously caught his skin, as it was turning pink across the back of the hand and his face showed that he was in pain, not that he would ever let anyone actually know that.  
‘Actually yes.’  He said.  Debbie set her plan down on the table at the front of the barn and quickly moved over by his side, ‘You’ve got little hands haven’t you?’  She held them up for inspection, ‘Yep they’ll do.  Now you see that bit of string there?’  Debbie leaned around him and looked to where he was pointing.  She nodded as she saw some bailer twine dangling down between sections of machinery ‘Well that’s gotta come out so that I can tie it round the top here.’  He indicated to the top where the other end of the string was sticking out.  ‘Every time I put my hand in there I get it caught on that bloody thing there!’
Without hesitation Debbie put her hand into the hole, grabbed the string between her fore and middle finger and pulled it out without any damage to her hand.  She smiled as she held it for Trevor to take hold.  ‘Show off.’  He mockingly said as he began to tie the string around the machine.  ‘What can I do you for anyway?’
‘I’ve got the plan for you and Alison says that you’ve got half hour until dinner.’  She knew him too well to give him a longer time to be late for dinner.  Besides she thought it would give him more of a chance to read her plan if he got back a bit earlier.
‘Already?  That was quick!’
‘It’s been a very slow couple of weeks at work.’
‘Oh, well Phil’s missed you being on the farm.’
Debbie blushed and hit Trevor on the arm, ‘Oh shush, he’s been in to see me most evenings.’
Trevor, enjoying seeing Debbie squirm and blush, continued with his teasing.  ‘He can barely concentrate the poor boy.  I don’t know what you have done to him, but you had better make this shop work otherwise he’s gonna end up hurting himself.’
‘You haven’t read the plan yet, you may think it’s a terrible idea.’
‘Debbie, I don’t need to read it, I’m sure it’s all in order and you’ll have no trouble out-doing our competitors.  I hear you’ve already been round Mr. Hamersham, selling him packaging.’
‘Wow you farmers are worse than women!’  Debbie put her hands on her hips, ‘Even your wife didn’t know that I had been to his place and she’s the queen of gossip in this village.’
Trevor chuckled, ‘Really, I knew something before her.  Amazing!’  His eyes sparkled with delight as he finished, ‘Now, take that plan back inside and leave it in the kitchen and I’ll read it after dinner.  Are you eating with us tonight?’
‘No, I’ve got some leftovers to eat from last night and I still need to assemble a bookcase that dad brought round the other weekend.’
‘I’ll send round my handyman to help, I know what you’re like with flat packs.  You’re the only girl I know who doesn’t bother to read the instructions.’
‘I still get it done though don’t I?’
He gave a short nod of the head, ‘Yes, I guess you do.’
Debbie smiled and headed back to her cottage, ‘See you Friday evening.’
‘See you.’
Debbie took the plan back to the kitchen, but before she reached it, she saw Phil over by the cow shed fiddling with something.  She nipped into the kitchen and set the plan on the side.  Alison had disappeared so she tried to put it somewhere that wouldn’t be in the way but at the same time would mean that Trevor would still see it.  She then crept along the side of the house and almost got to within tickling distance of Phil when Molly gave her position away, as she bounded out of the shed and almost knocked Debbie over.
‘Ha, that’ll teach you for trying to sneak up on me.’  Phil began to laugh as he watched Molly push against her legs enjoying the rough stroke that Debbie always gave her upon meeting.
Once the cuddle was over with Debbie looked up at Phil, ‘I’ve finished it!’
‘Good for you.’  He wasn’t entirely sure what she had finished, yet he guessed that she would tell him or that it would become clear soon.  Either way it was just nice to see her.
‘Just make sure your dad reads it please?  He seems to think that he doesn’t need to and that I’ll get the loan and be able to run this shop.’
‘Well, can you?’
‘I think so.  Thing is, I never tried to do anything like this before.’  She stood up and walked over to see what Phil had been fiddling with.
‘That’s often the best way to start.’
She tilted her head, ‘You think?’
Phil liked the way she looked so innocent and fragile, but knew that beneath the mask she was completely opposite.  ‘I think I’ve given you enough compliments, don’t go fishing for them.’
Debbie smiled, ‘You coming round tonight?’
‘Are you going to watch the game?’
She shook her head, ‘No.’
He gave a shrug, ‘No then.’
‘Ha!’  She crossed her arms over her chest and sticking her head in the air she turned to give Molly some attention, only to then be ignored by her.
Phil began to laugh, ‘She’s gonna watch the game with me.’
Debbie pushed her hands against Phil’s chest, she didn’t move him much but the effect was still the same.  ‘You’re such an arse sometimes.’
‘But a nice one!’  He caught hold of her hand as she stepped backwards pulling her back towards him.  ‘Now if you asked me to come round, then I would.’
She looked up into his face.  They were only inches apart but as they had not kissed again, she felt awkward and nervous.  In a quiet voice she said, ‘I thought I had just asked?’
‘Not as such.’
‘Oh now you’re being pedantic!’  Phil raised an eyebrow and Debbie rolled her eyes, sighed and asked, ‘Would you like to come round tonight after the game for a drink?’
‘That wasn’t too hard was it?’  Then to Debbie’s surprise he kissed her on the lips.
She blinked and then the kiss was over.  As he returned to his normal position she said, ‘I thought you didn’t kiss until the second date.’
‘Now who’s being pedantic?’  He blushed in spite of himself, as he had allowed his feelings to take over his etiquette.  ‘Besides, it wasn’t a proper kiss, just a peck really.’
‘Humm…’  Debbie raised her eyebrow and took a step back, not to get away, but more for comfort.  ‘Well I had better let you finish playing and I need to get started on my bookcase otherwise it’ll be morning before it’s finished.’
‘OK, I’ll see you later then.’
Debbie smiled and walked back across the farm to her cottage.  As she walked her cheeks reddened slightly as she thought of how soft his kiss had been.
Phil watched Debbie until she had past the front of the house and went out of view.  The jeans she wore came tightly across her bottom, extenuating it as she walked.  He was mesmerised and it wasn’t until a cow coughed behind him did he realise that he had been staring.  Blushing at the embarrassment of his ungentlemenlike behaviour, he turned and finished joining the makeshift pen with bailer twine.
In the cottage Debbie had moved the dining room table into the corner and had arranged the pieces of plywood on the floor so that it looked like a flattened bookcase that just needed to be put together.  It looked like she had all the right pieces in the right places, yet she wasn’t sure how she was going to get them all joined together on her own, as it was taller then she had imagined.  She decided to simply go for it and try and build it on the floor and then worry about lifting it later.  There were two strong men just the other side of the farm yard that could help anyway.
She had just got up to turn on the light when a knock came at the front door.  ‘It’s open!’  She called out as she drew the curtains across, noticing just how much earlier it was getting darker as September approached.
‘Hi.’  It was Phil, he came in and closed the door behind him.  ‘Have I come at a bad time?’
Debbie looked at her watch, ‘You’re early, I wasn’t expecting you till after eight.’
‘Ah well you see, dad decided to be annoying and read your plan in the living room and told me that the television was annoying him, even with the sound off so I decided to come over.’  He looked over what Debbie had built so far, ‘Besides, my team were playing terribly and are most probably going to lose to a minor team.’
‘Oh so it wasn’t really to see me then.’
‘You’re just a bonus.’  He gave her a mocking smile.  ‘Humm…. I didn’t believe dad when he said that you wouldn’t use instructions, but I see that he was right.’
She walked over and stood beside him, both now stared at the creation on the dining room floor, ‘Na,’ she said, ‘they just confuse matters, I know what it should look like.’
‘So did Homer, but that didn’t mean he could build a barbeque!’
Debbie frowned and looked at Phil trying to recall the Simpsons episode he was talking about then shook her head as it didn’t really matter.  ‘Would you like a drink?’
‘Please, have you got any more of that wine that we had the other week?’
Debbie brought a hand to her chest and with a look of shock she exclaimed, ‘You make it sound like I’m always drinking wine when you come round.’
Phil shrugged not noticing the sarcasm in her voice, ‘But you are!’
She gave a short laugh and squeezed his bicep before walking into the kitchen through the archway.  ‘Large or small glass?’
‘Whatever you’re having.’  He had not followed her and instead had started to fix together another shelf of the bookcase.
Hearing the thud of wood, as he obviously had forgotten to hold onto it while he screwed in a bolt Debbie called from the kitchen, ‘If you brake that you’ll have to build me another one!’  Phil moaned and as she walked back in holding two glasses of wine, she saw him trying to figure out how to hold the shelf level while using his other hand to tighten the bolt.  ‘Come on now, let’s go into the other room and leave this till the weekend.’
He sat back on his heels and took the glass that Debbie held out for him.  ‘Thanks.  If you’re sure?’
‘Yeah, I’m bored of doing it and besides its getting dark now and the light in here isn’t particularly bright.’
He stood and they walked into the lounge, falling into their usual conversation of work, life and gossip.  They each listened to the other and sipped their wine, but what they didn’t realise was that both of them were thinking of how they could instigate a kiss.  As the night drew on they each began to fear that they had missed a signal from the other or that their sudden teenage nerves had got the best of them and that they might as well carry on talking.  It was only when Debbie looked at her watch and exclaimed that it was almost midnight and that she had better go to bed that the moment came.  It happened almost like a dance.  They each sat forward on the sofa and placed their glasses on the table.  Phil took her hand in his and they stood facing each other.  Not a word was spoken as they moved within inches of each other.  Phil brought his hand up and delicately traced the outside edge of Debbie’s face.  She exhaled slowly as her body began to tingle at his touch.  She stood transfixed and unable to think or move.  As he towered over her, tilting her head back as his hand continued from her chin, down her neck, before following the collar of her shirt to the back.  He cupped her head in his hands, lent forward and gently touched her lips with his.  Excitement rushed through their bodies and in response Debbie pushed her hands round the outside of his torso before placing one hand on his rear and the other across his back.  Phil brought his other hand round and pulled Debbie in closer, allowing her to have more of a hold on his behind.  Then their mouths opened slightly and finally their tongues met.  
It was not a hungry kiss, but a deep and sensual exchange of pure passion.  Debbie felt alive with excitement and before she would have grabbed the man’s manhood through their trousers and indicate that she wanted sex.  This time though she simply kissed, enjoying the taste and feel of his mouth and as he had groped her she didn’t want to ruin the moment.
After what felt like minutes their lips parted, their breathing heavy, they stayed with their foreheads touching.  ‘I had better go.’  Phil croaked, his eyes still closed.
‘OK.’  For the first time in her life, she didn’t mind that the kiss had only been a kiss and as she watched Phil return to his house. 
Debbie tried to ignore the sensations in her groin.  In the end she ran a bath and as she washed her body she gently massaged her womanhood, quickly bringing herself to climax.
When Phil got to his room he punched the wall.  ‘What am I so afraid of?’  He whispered angrily to the room.  He wasn’t sure why he was so annoyed with himself.  Maybe because he was trying to be something he wasn’t, but he was bored of sleeping with a girl on the first night only to find out that she really was suitable.  From their conversations it seemed as though she had had similar experiences and so it helped to calm him that he was doing the right thing and taking things slowly.  Although there was that bloke at work and he wasn’t convinced she was over him or ever would be and this also worried him, 
Mumbling to the room he said, ‘What if she chooses him over me?  What if he does leave his wife?  Then what?’  He came to a stop by his window and looked out across the fields.  Part of him wished his room overlooked the cottage, but then the view before him had often calmed him as it did now.  He went to bed horny and, after pleasuring himself, he devised a romantic meal to celebrate the completion of her business plan and to show her that he was truly interested in her, he fell asleep.
 
~ Chapter 17 – Approval of the Plan ~
‘Hi, sorry I’m late.’  Debbie said to the waiting family as she joined them at the table for dinner.  ‘Mr. Hamersham wanted to go through the entire catalogue and look at all available samples this afternoon.’
‘I thought he had settled on the type of packaging he wanted to use?’  Alison asked as she took Debbie’s plate out of the Aga and placed it in front of her.  ‘Careful the plate will be very hot.’
‘Thanks.  So did I, but then he rang this morning asking if I could meet with him, as he had decided to look at our whole range again and see if it would be more cost effective to get a variety of products that suited each of his products rather than making do with one type that would suit everything.’
‘So did he decide?’  Trevor asked in between mouthfuls.
‘Nope!’  Debbie said before starting to tuck into her plate of food.
‘That’s the Mr. Hamersham I know!’  Trevor mumbled and then putting down his fork he said, ‘I’ve looked over your plan and as I thought it looks sound.’
Staring at Trevor, she slowly chewed on a piece of meat.  After swallowing she said, ‘Really?’
‘Yeah and first thing tomorrow we’re going down to the bank and seeing about getting the money side of things running.’
‘Wow, I don’t know what to say?’  Debbie said with her fork half way to her mouth.
‘Well, the way I see it, the sooner we get the ball rolling the sooner we can get the other balls going so that we can know sooner rather than later if you can do it.’  Trevor beamed at Debbie and then picking up his fork again he said, ‘Now enough of that, let’s get stuck into this lovely grub and we’ll sort out what we’re going to do after dinner.’
For the rest of the meal the family ate in near enough silence, each in their own thoughts as well as enjoying the food.  Then after they had eaten dessert Trevor motioned for Debbie to join him on the sofa and as they drank their tea, they discussed the business plan and went over what she needed to ask from the bank in the morning.  Debbie noticed that Phil had been quiet all evening and even now he sat opposite them on the large beanbag simply listening to his parents and Debbie discuss the future of the farm.  When they had discussed all aspects, Trevor stood up and declared that he needed his beauty sleep if he were to be ready for tomorrow’s activities and advised Debbie to do the same.  Alison said that she would join him and asked Debbie and Phil to clear the table and make sure the dogs were in their beds before they left the room.  They each replied that they would and watched as the couple made their way up to bed.
They sat looking at each other for some time before they stood and walked back into the kitchen area.  They cleared the table in silence but eventually Debbie stopped and said, ‘What’s wrong Phil?’
‘Nothing.’  He didn’t look at her as he spoke and simply carried on washing the dishes.
She came up behind him and wrapped her arms around his waist.  He continued to wash until he felt her kiss him lightly between his shoulders.  ‘Don’t clam up on me now.  We said about being honest with each other.  Don’t let a kiss change that.’
‘It wasn’t just a kiss though was it?’  He stopped washing and placed his hands on the sink, Debbie didn’t respond, so he took a deep breath and said, ‘I need to ask you about James and what’s happening now?’
Leaning her head against his back, she mumbled, ‘To be honest I don’t know.  Things have changed and I no longer feel the same way about him and I’ve pushed him to sort things out with his misses.’
‘OK.’  He replied and turned in her embrace to kiss her on the forehead.  ‘I won’t ask again.  I like you Debbie, but I also don’t want to be another complication in your life.  Whatever happens between you and James I just want you to know that you have affected me in ways that I never thought one person could.’
Debbie smiled up at him, ‘Same to you.’
They finished up the dishes and found that the dogs had already gone to their bed.  Phil walked Debbie to the front door.  He offered wanted to walk her to her front door, but she declined.  Standing on her tiptoes she kissed Phil on the lips.  He pulled her in close and breathed in deeply.  The kiss was short and they each left the other craving more.
The following morning only Trevor and Debbie went into town to the bank, leaving Phil to continue with the farm duties and Alison to make cakes for the last of the summer fairs.  She sat and listened as Trevor spoke to his bank manager, explaining the situation and then it was Debbie’s turn.  As she started to go through her plan, her palms were sweaty and her throat felt dry.  As the manager took interest and spoke positively about aspects of her plan she relaxed and began to find confidence in her idea.  It was amazing really and within two hours they had finalised various bits of paperwork and had secured a loan.  As they left the bank Debbie felt giddy with excitement and as she talked to Trevor she saw that he too was grinning.  She had never really seen him that way before.  She really hoped that she could make it work.
As they drove home Debbie could not stop talking about where they were to go from here and she started to scribble on a note pad the various things that she needed to have in mind ready for Monday.  She wanted to get things moving on getting construction of the shop started.  She knew that it would not need to be ready until April time, but one thing life had already taught her, was that it goes by in the flash of the eye.
They got home to find Alison busily cooking away in the kitchen and Phil was nowhere to be found.  Trevor had trouble reaching him on his mobile so decided he must have gone to Ditch End where his small flock of sheep was being kept to check on them and give them their worming medication.  While Trevor pottered about deciding what they would do, Debbie told Alison all about the meeting and how they had got the loan.
‘Oh that’s wonderful news!’  Alison threw her arms around Debbie’s neck, ‘Have you told your mum yet?’
‘Oh gosh no!’  Covering her mouth with her hand she said, ‘I’ll ring them now, Trevor I’ll be back in a bit.’
As she rushed out the door she heard Alison say, ‘Trev the tractor’s in the field behind the barn.’  She shook her head and continued over to her cottage.
She opened the door not even realising that she didn’t need to unlock it.  ‘Surprise!’  Phil was stood in the middle of her dining room one arm outstretch at the completed bookcase and the other at her dining room table that had enough food to feed an army.
Debbie felt her cheeks redden at the sight of it all.  ‘I don’t know what to say.’  She stared in amazement before suddenly saying, ‘You know your dad has been trying to ring you?’
‘Charming!  Yeah I know, but I also know if I had said where I was he would have said it out loud and then it would ruin the surprise.  Do you like it?’
She walked over to him and kissed him lightly on the cheek, ‘Yes thank you.  It’s very thoughtful and fitting too, as we got the loan.’  With that Phil threw his arms around her, squashing her arms to her sides, before lifting her off the ground in the biggest bear hug Debbie had ever had.  ‘Careful you’re squashing me!’  She squealed and laughed as he put her down.  She saw then that he had the same smile as his dad, but of course Phil generally had more facial expressions so it wasn’t overly creepy.
‘And this technically is our third date!’  He said.
She casually punched him on the arm, ‘Yeah well don’t count your chickens just yet.’  Even after she said it she was not entirely sure why she had said it.  She desperately wanted to sleep with Phil, but at the same time she didn’t know if that was what he had meant by it being a third date.  ‘Oh I completely forgot!’  Before Phil could ask what, Debbie had flown from the room and had picked up her telephone from the living room, ‘I need to tell my folks about the loan!’
After she spoke to both her parents Debbie joined Phil in the dining room.  He was admiring his handy work and trying to resist eating any more of the lunch.  He was pretty hungry, but he wanted to wait.  ‘Let’s take the food into the living room.’  Debbie said as she picked up a plate, balanced another on her arm before picking up a third in her free hand.
‘OK, didn’t know you could waitress?’  Phil tried to balance a plate like Debbie had done, but when he nearly spilled the contents on to the floor he thought better of it and simply took the two remaining plates in each hand.
‘Yeah for the three years while I was at Uni.  It helped pay for the nights out, although my wrists aren’t what they use to be as a result.  Use to overload my arms and pay for it the next day.’  Before they sat down on the sofa to eat lunch Debbie put on some music.  ‘This is such a lovely album, really calming.’
As the music began to play, Debbie took a seat next to Phil.   He lent in close and placing a hand on her thigh he said, ‘Debbie we don’t have to do anything today.  I know we joked about the whole third date thing, but I don’t want to put any pressure on you.’
‘You’re not Phil.’ she smiled sweetly at him.
‘The thing is we’ve both had rubbish starts to most of our relationships.  You’re different to every other girl I’ve ever been with and I hope you feel the same about me but I don’t want to just have a relationship with you I also want to keep having a friendship.’
‘You’re so sweat Phil.’ She traced the outline of his face with the palm of her hand before she slowly lent in and kissed him lightly on the mouth.  ‘Don’t worry so much, we’ve already started better than most of our other relationships so I’d say we’re doing pretty well as it is?’  She turned away from him towards the table, ‘Now let’s eat, I’m starving.’
Phil felt better for saying his feelings, she had been right before and he guessed that meant she was right now.  He did tend to think things through far too much and it didn’t help that he hadn’t eaten all morning due to nerves of how she would react to him, firstly being in her house and secondly for making all this effort.  He just hoped that the dinner he also had planned wasn’t going to be overkill.
As the afternoon wore on they slowly picked at the food and drank wine.  The earlier tension and worry had gone from Phil and as he relaxed he found it easy to be around Debbie without feeling awkward.
Debbie was also feeling at ease around the handsome farmer.  She scolded herself slight, as with each sip of wine she found herself becoming more and more aroused.  She wanted him more than she had wanted anyone before, even compared to James, which had all been about the lust.  The lunch was nice and finishing off her bookcase was noble and he sat casually talking as if he truly wanted to be there and not somewhere else.  She slowly crept closer to him on the sofa, hoping to get close enough that the accidental touches became more frequent.
In the middle of the afternoon, when the wine ran out and all the food had gone, Debbie had turned her back to Phil and was leaning against him.  Their conversation never faltered, but switched topic frequently.  Phil absent mindedly stroked Debbie’s hair, enjoying the aroma.  ‘I’ve got something else planned for today.’
Debbie felt herself flush with anticipation, Phil was the most gentlemanly man she had ever met, however she still wasn’t sure if his statement was sexual or sincere. She hummed a ‘yes’ response and he continued, ‘Well I had wanted to take you out for dinner if all had gone well at the bank, but I have no money.  So, because I knew you would go to the farmhouse first, I organised with mum that if you did get the loan that she would cook a meal and I would go pick it up when it was done and then serve it up for you.’
Debbie sat bolt upright and twisted in her seat, staring at him.  ‘You lazy little toe rag!  You’re getting your mum to cook for you!’  She didn’t mean to sound quite so outraged by this, it was very sweat and it showed, not only would she do anything for him, but also that she approved of his choice, which strangely worried her.
Phil didn’t know what to do, he hadn’t anticipated this reaction.  To be fair he wasn’t sure how it was going to go.  ‘Sorry, I can ring her and say we’ll eat it there.’
She placed a hand on his chest and smiled, ‘No I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean it to come out like that.’  She hung her head and stared into the bottom of her empty wine glass that she had been holding.  ‘I’ve never had anyone make quite so much effort before and it makes me think that you’re up to something sinister.’
‘Wow!’  Relief washed over his face, ‘Do you really think I would have gone to all this trouble just to get into your bed?’  Debbie shrugged, ‘Well I wouldn’t have done, I would have made more of an effort the other night when you were quite tipsy and then not bothered again.  That’s the trouble with you independent girls.’  He jabbed her playfully in the ribs as he spoke, ‘You always think there is a game to play or that things aren’t what they seem.  You want us to be all gentlemanly and understanding and then when someone comes along that is simply trying to make you feel good and wants to treat you like a princess, you get all feministic on us and say that we’re the ones trying to fool you!’  Debbie could hear the sarcasm in his voice and knew that he was poking fun but to an extent he was true.
‘You’re right.  I think the trouble is that there usually is some kind of game to play.  I spend most of my working day trying to prove that I am capable of doing the job just as well as any man that I forget that I don’t have to be good at everything.’
He grinned, ‘So you’re admitting that you can misjudge a situation?’
She gave a shrug, ‘Sure and so can you because we are only human.’
Phil put his hands up, ‘Okay me lady.’  He then pulled gently against her shoulders so that she would lean back against him.  She hesitated slightly and then relaxed, feeling comfortable.  Phil took a deep breath as her head came close to his chin, before wrapping his arms around her chest, hugging her close.  They sat there is silence while Debbie finished off the last of her wine.  After she drained the last drop from the glass, Phil nuzzled into her neck and said, ‘So do you want to eat here or at the farmhouse?’
As he spoke Debbie’s skin tingled and she found herself torn between continuing the date and finding out what will happen and ending it now and having dinner across the yard.  Eventually she hummed softly and the said, ‘Let’s eat here.’
Phil’s grin couldn’t get any wider as he said, ‘OK I’ll go and get the dinner.’
 
~ Chapter 18 – A Surprise Visitor ~
As she closed the door Debbie couldn’t help but grin, she was so happy that she wanted to run round the house screaming out with joy.  However, she decided to simply go upstairs and change.  After changing she decided to give Jane a quick ring.  The phone rang for several rings and Debbie feared that Jane had gone out for the evening but just before the answer machine clicked on a voice said, ‘Hello?’
‘Hi Matthew!’  Debbie said.
‘Hi Debbie, you OK?’  His voice grumbled as it usually did.
‘Yeah, is Jane about?’
‘Yeah sure.’  As the receiver was placed on the table Debbie could hear Matthew shout to let his wife to let her know her best friend was on the phone.
‘Hey Debs?’  Jane said with heavy breath as if she had been running.
‘Hey, I need to ask you something?’
‘OK.’  Jane replied unsure.
‘Oh, but firstly I got the loan and we’re going to start planning the farm shop in the coming weeks so that we can get the ball rolling before winter starts to set in.’
‘That’s brilliant!’  Jane exclaimed.
‘The other thing is when I got back from the bank, Phil had laid out a huge lunch for me and now he’s gone to get dinner.’  The other end of the phone was quiet and so Debbie continued, ‘I don’t know what to do?’
‘Have dinner, enjoy his company and hopefully have a relationship with a normal person who likes not only your body but also your personality.’  Jane was very matter of fact about the situation, which is why Debbie generally turned to her for advice.
‘Yeah, it sounds logical enough, but what if he doesn’t want a relationship?’
‘OK.  I get the reluctance, James was just a mistake.  However, you’re trying to tell me that this good looking, strong and sensitive man has taken the time to get to know you, hasn’t really made a move on you in a sexual way and made you lunch and dinner, yet doesn’t want to have a relationship?’
‘Well his mum made the dinner!’  Debbie cut in with slight sarcasm in her voice.
‘OK,’  Jane held back a giggle, ‘he still thought of it and got it all prepared in your house right?’
‘Yeah?’  Debbie could sense that Jane was trying to tell her she was being blind without actually saying so.
‘It doesn’t sound to me like he’s just trying to have a one night stand with you.’
‘No it doesn’t really does it? And that’s what he said too, although he did say it’s not what he would normally do.’
‘There you go then.’  This time Debbie was quiet, ‘Are you still wondering what James is going to do?’
‘A bit.  He’s been ok with me at work the last couple of weeks and hasn’t said anything more, but what if he does choose me?’
Jane sighed down the phone, ‘Well depends who do you want to be with more?’
‘That’s just it, I don’t really know.’
‘One thing is for certain, you can’t wait around for the man just in case he does choose you.  I know how you feel and he was definitely into you that night we went out, but then again he is a man.  Let me remind you who at that point was cheating on the woman he had originally said that he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.’
‘Yeah I know, and what makes me any different?’
‘Look Debs, whatever you decide let your heart do it and not your head or groin.’  Debbie sniggered but Jane ignored it, ‘I will stand by you and get to know them and hold no judgment.  What I will say is Phil is going to be coming round soon and it is just as unfair on him as James is being to you.’
‘OK you’re right, as always.  Thanks Jane.’
‘No worries Hun.  Call me tomorrow and let me know how tonight goes, as it’s so sweat what he’s doing for you.’
Debbie gave a short giggle before saying, ‘Night then.’
‘Night Debs.’
Debbie hung up the phone and laid the handset back on the small table by her bed.
She was getting dressed when she heard her front door open, ‘It’s me Debbie, just brining over some of the dishes for your meal.’
‘Thanks Alison,’ Debbie stuck her head around the edge of the staircase, ‘Thanks for doing the cooking for tonight.’
‘Not a problem,’ Alison called back from the kitchen, ‘it was all Phil’s idea, he just needed someone to cook it while he was round here earlier.’  Alison stood at the bottom of the stairs watching as Debbie brushed her hair.  ‘He’s just bringing the other dishes.  Have a good evening.’  Then the door was shut and Debbie was once again alone.  She stared at the door for several seconds before checking herself again in the mirror.
‘Debbie it’s me?’  Was the next voice she heard.
‘Hi Phil.’ She hollered from her bedroom, ‘Your mum’s put everything in the kitchen I think.  I’ll be down in a minute.’  She could hear Phil moving about downstairs and then music started playing.  It was soft sounding music and after a few seconds she realised that it was Seal singing old classic songs.  She had always liked the sound of his voice, but had never bought anything.  Then there was a knock at the door who on earth is that?  She wandered she started to make her way down the stairs as she saw Phil open the front door.
‘Hi, I’m looking for Debbie.’  It was James!
‘Hi James.’ Debbie said as she came up behind the two men that were now looking at her.
‘I’ll just go sort stuff out in the kitchen.’  Phil said before walking off in the direction of the kitchen.  Debbie watched him go and wandered if he was going to want to have dinner after all this.
‘Hi Debs.  Did I come at a bad time?’  James asked, still stood in her small porch area his eyes following the other man back into the house.
She pushed against his chest and closed the door behind her.  ‘Not as such, but a phone call wouldn’t have hurt!’  She tried to sound calm and unfazed by this sudden appearance made her hands shake slightly so she doubted it.
‘Well you’ve taken to ignoring most of my calls and text messages so I thought I’d just come by and surprise you.  I guess I thought you would be home alone.’  The last was said with some venom.
Debbie had been looking about the yard and back towards the house, but upon hearing his assumption she glared right at him.  ‘I guess you would.’  Suddenly realising that she was acting as if she had been caught, she shook her head and in a much more level tone said, ‘Sorry James, I just didn’t expect to see you here.’
‘No?’  His voice still held some accusation in it.
‘Come in and we’ll talk in the kitchen.  I’ll ask Phil to come back in a bit, but dinner won’t keep for long.’  She pushed the door open and strode through to the kitchen.  ‘Phil can you give us ten minutes please?’
He shrugged, ‘Yeah no worries.’  As he walked towards the front door, he gave Debbie a kiss on the cheek and whispered in her ear, ‘Whatever you decide I’ll still have dinner with you tonight.’
Debbie reddened and then coughed nervously hoping to clear the nerves that had suddenly built up in her stomach.  Turning to face James, who had watched Phil leave the house, said ‘To what do I owe this surprised visit then?’
Turning his attention back to Debbie he smiled and produced a folder from under his arms.  Debbie stared at him.  She had completely missed him carrying something when he arrived.  Opening the folder he produced a set of documents that had lots of writing on and Debbie guessed to contain some important information.  ‘These are divorce papers.’  Debbie gasped and instinctively rested a hand on James’ arm.  ‘Signed and dated for today.  I am what is known as a free man.’
Debbie nodded.  She was unsure of what to say or do.  She was happy that a decision had been reached, but then she found that her heart was not overly bothered by this change in circumstances.  She knew now what Jane had meant.
He bent a little to get her to look at him as he said, ‘Come on aren’t you going to say something?’
‘Umm… Congratulations I guess?’ She said, handing back the papers.  Debbie twisted her hands together and walked over to the fridge, producing an opened bottle of wine.  As she looked at it she thought of Phil.  Opening she planned to make a toast, yet she thought of how strange her life was turning out.  ‘Here.’  She handed him a glass and raised hers to touch the two glasses together, ‘Cheers!’  They smiled at each other and took a sip of wine.  ‘What are your plans now?’
James swallowed hard and looked to the floor.  It wasn’t going exactly how he had planned.  He had at least thought by now that she would have kissed him or thrown her arms around in him a tight embrace.  But instead she was stood apart from him just like any other friend would be.  ‘Well, I had kinda hoped that we could give it another go.’
‘Oh.’  Debbie looked to the floor and then back into James’ eyes.  A few months ago this would have gone very differently, however things had changed; she had changed.  Then the anger began to build in her of his presumption that she was going to wait for him, even though she had said that she didn’t want him to get divorced for her.  She placed her glass down on the sideboard, took a deep breath and said, ‘James did you come here tonight expecting me to have a change of heart?  To forget that you cheated on your wife with me and then decided that you weren’t man enough to make the decision yourself and needed Sam to make it for you.  And now that she has obviously made her decision,’ she pointed to the rolled up papers in James’ hand, ‘you’ve gone for plan B?’ she finished pointing to herself.
‘No it’s not like that!’  James quickly put both his glass of wine and papers down on the sideboard.  Turning back he placed both hands on each of her elbows and looked her straight in the eye.  ‘Yes Sam did make a decision, but it was a joint decision.  We talked about it at length and realised that we were both doing the same thing.  We were trying to find a way to break up the marriage without having to talk about it.  I had just gone one step further in true man tradition.’  Tears began to trickle down Debbie’s cheek and he gently wiped it away with a finger.  ‘I know I’ve been an idiot, but at the same time I owed it to Sam to give us a fair chance and now we’ve split amicably.’
‘Yeah so you still get the best of both worlds!’  Debbie roared and shook her arms free of his grip.
‘NO, that’s not why I did it!’  James began to panic he didn’t want to lose her but he feared he already had so he changed tactics.  ‘So who’s that then?  Couldn’t wait five minutes to see what would happen?  You had to jump into bed with the next blue eyed boy you came across!’
Debbie slapped him round the face.  ‘Just because I have a man in my house does not mean I am sleeping with them!  Anyway, what do you care?  You were never interested in me as a person.’
‘You never gave me the chance!’
‘I gave you plenty of chances, but each time it only boiled down to one thing, sex!’
‘Oh come now you can’t honestly tell me you haven’t slept with him.’
Debbie raised her hand again to slap him but then lowered it, ‘We haven’t because of you.’
‘Me?  If you’re no longer interested in me then why are you making someone else wait?’
‘To begin with he is just a mate and in fact a work colleague here on the farm.  It was nice to have a male to talk to, to have listen to my ideas and take interest in what I was doing.  Let me ask you this?’
James crossed his arms over his chest, ‘OK?’ 
She took a depth breath and calmly said, ‘Did you tell Sam about us?’
‘No.’
Debbie gave a short laugh, ‘You see if you were so much in love with me and truly wanted to spend the rest of your life with me, you wouldn’t have even bothered to try to make things work with Sam.  You would have told her and risked losing her because at the end of the day you had found the one person you truly wanted to be with.’
‘But I do want to be with you.’
‘Yes now you do.  Now that you’ve had an option taken from you and what happens then when someone else comes along that makes your heart flutter.’
‘It wouldn’t be like that.  And besides who’s to say that it wouldn’t happen with wonder boy out there.’  He said pointing out the front of the house.
‘I don’t know, but at least he’s willing to make the effort to find out the kind of person I am and hasn’t put any pressure on me to sleep with him, doesn’t play games or want to be secretive.’
‘We had to be secretive Debs.’
‘James, like I said before, I didn’t want you to get a divorce because of me.  We tried to be friends, but there’s nothing there which is why we always ended up sleeping together.  I need someone who I can be friends with as well as lovers because at the end of the day, when we’re old and grey, the only real thing left is conversation.  Besides, I’m not going to be working for Just Packaging much longer as I’m going to be opening up a farm shop here.’
‘What?  You can’t do that!’
‘Yes I can and I’ll be giving Fiona my notice in October so that I can focus on getting the business up and running.’
‘But what about your clients?’
‘Katie and you and quite capable of taking them on and besides Fiona will be able to get a replacement in no time.’
‘But it won’t be you!’
‘Thanks, it’s comforting to know that I will be missed.  However, at the same time James it’s not what I want to do.’
‘And you think I want to do it?’
‘You don’t have to do it either!  It just so happens that I am a firm believer that you should only do the stepping stone jobs for short periods of time and aim to do a job for life that you enjoy.  I’ve got another thirty-seven years plus left of my working life!  I certainly don’t want to spend it selling packaging!’
‘But?’
‘But nothing James!  I’m glad that you got your divorce and I’m sorry I cannot see us being together forever and that is what I want now.’
‘Forever?’  James’ voice softened and he looked confused slightly.
‘Yeah you know, till death do us part type forever.’
‘Oh, well if things don’t work out with blondie I promise I won’t jump on you, but I may try to win your affections.’
Debbie gave an impatient sigh and pinched the bridge of her nose.  She looked up at him and smiled, ‘By all means.’
James took Debbie in a tight embrace and as he let go, he purposely brushed his cheek against hers.  He felt her body shudder and knew that she was excited so he kissed her on the mouth.
Blood rushed through Debbie’s veins and for a moment she got lost within the kiss.  She felt his manhood push against her stomach and as their tongues touched her eyes flew open and with all her strength she pushed him away.  ‘James, please don’t make this any harder than it already is.’
With that he shrugged, picked up his papers, downed the wine and walked from the house and what turned out to be Debbie’s life.
 
~ Chapter 19 – An End to A New Beginning ~

Phil had been waiting outside on the bench Debbie’s father had brought from a garden centre sale.  It was a style that Debbie liked and so had been an impulse buy the weekend before.  He watched as the man, who he assumed to be James, get into his car and drive away.  He didn’t get up for several minutes, wondering whether to go inside or not.  Eventually he slapped his hands down on his knees and standing up said in a whisper, ‘Well if he left that can only mean she didn’t choose him.’
Phil found Debbie in the kitchen.  She was leaning over the kitchen sink and appeared to be looking out of the window.  ‘The sun set is beautiful isn’t it?’
She turned and wiped the tears from her eyes.  ‘Yes, shall we have dinner?’
Thank you for taking the time to read this ebook.  If you would like to leave a little feedback or review my book, please do so.  This is the first book of what I hope to be many more, with the intention that I will also one day be able to pay someone to copy edit my work and make it more enjoyable for you to read.
Ways in which you can connect with me online include:
•My own website – sjwelsted.co.uk    
•Twitter – twitter.com/sj_welsted 
•Facebook Page – www.facebook.com/5JWelsted

