My boss, his wife and me
Copyright 2016 R.J. Adams - Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
​All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise)​ without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorised, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Chapter 1

Love, that’s a strange feeling you might say. Love is an addiction that humanity craves I guess. We all want it when we have it and even when we don’t have it we crave it more; it’s something we always seek out.
I never knew what love was, how would you know you were or are in love? How would you know a feeling you have never felt before? We all know feelings, when we are hurt we feel pain, when we are upset we feel sadness, when we are angry we feel rage, so how do you feel love?
Your parents would always try and describe love to you when you were a child, but how can you understand a feeling you have never had?
I always asked myself the same question, being in a relationship and then when it ended, feeling hurt but never heartbroken, had I been in love with them? Did they love me? Is it love when you don’t miss them? Are you supposed to miss them? Being sad it is over but then when a new guy comes along you never miss the one you had before, does that mean you didn’t love them?
I thought I knew love, but it turns out, I didn’t. It wasn’t until I met Dalton, he was the sexy new office manager and new owner of our company that I thought about what love truly was. I wanted this man the moment he walked into our office, I never wanted anyone like that before.
I have been in my job for five years as the administrative and personal assistant to the CEO of Advertising Development Ltd. Good job you might think, it was, until the guy who owned it started having his life go down the pan.
The company was, well is great. Working in advertising definitely has some major ups. We get to deal with the billboards of new companies, advertisements for new brands or current brands, so much and it is very rewarding. 
George, our former CEO was amazing at what he done, his advertising presentations were like art-work and the things he put together were so creative and people loved the work he done for them, the company was one of the top advertising agencies in New York, but that all changed a year ago.
He started having an affair with some girl he met one night at a casino whilst he was gambling, he started living the high-life and throwing his money away, why wouldn’t he, he was very successful and earned a lot of money.
 But when his wife found out, she came into our office and I swear burning flames of rage were coming from her ears. All the drama kicked off with her screaming and shouting to everyone about what he had done. She was happily spreading all the dirty details of his naughty affair with a woman twenty years his senior.
Being his assistant and the person that was signing off everything he purchased, I knew something was going on when he was spending so much money on hotels, and I organised all his business trips for him, most of those trips he took I had not planned.
At first she blamed me for covering up for him, but even if I had known I couldn’t have said anything anyway. One, it’s my job; I cannot risk my job and two it’s none of my business about his personal life. She understood all that when she calmed down, eventually.
Since then it went from bad to worse and the company almost fell apart, he went through a nasty divorce, lost his house and started losing money and clients, so he put it up for sale and that’s when Dalton came in.
He became the new CEO and owner of Advertising Development Ltd. In his late thirties, he has mastered his wealth from buying and selling companies with the help of his father. However, going at it alone he decided not to sell ours off and instead keep it for himself. He got clients back on board so fast we wondered if he had bribed them, they had gotten on board before he had even stepped foot in the building.
The company’s profits were turning over at a high rate from day one and I began to wonder how he was doing this.
That first day, a few months ago when he walked into the office, my jaw almost hit the floor. This tall dark handsome man, with a crisp clean navy suit on and smart look was just beautiful.
Of course he was and is my boss so I never dreamed of going there, until recently. He has been flirtatious with me, and I’ve liked it. I’m not normally one to mix pleasure and work, those are normally bad combinations but something attracts me to him.
This six foot four, green eyed handsome man who seems to be interested in me. I spend most of my time in work with him than I do at home. If I’m not in the office, I’m at home daydreaming about him.
Infatuation you might say, not love. Maybe lust, I do not know, all I know is I cannot get this man out of my head. There is one problem though, the man is married! Yep, that’s right, married. 

Walking into the office after my first weekend off in months, I feel happy. I have had a good restful weekend with my best friend, eaten some nice food and not had to worry about deadlines and media publications for two whole days. 
As I walk into the office, it’s quiet and silent. I’m always the first one in, switching on the lights, setting up the coffee machine in Dalton’s office and getting things ready for the day. I’m always prepared like that, I guess that’s why I’m always praised, goodie-two-shoes you might say. I don’t mind it; the earlier I come in the more I get done in the day, that’s how I see it anyway,
Dalton enters not long after me. In a crisp clean grey suit with a white shirt, strutting across the office floor, head held high, he knows he has it all. I look at him and stare as my heart pumps with desire; I have never seen someone so beautiful. My desire to have him sometimes eats away at me, he’s just a man after-all. I don’t know why I want him so badly.
Sometimes I look and think maybe he’s just a spoilt little rich kid whose daddy helped him climb to the top, but then as I watch him work, his dedication and friendly manner, I then think he deserves this and works hard. He doesn’t dictate to anyone here, he asks kindly of they will do something and he doesn’t leave his job up to others, he does his own work too, not what you expect from a CEO, they normally pass down everything.
“Aurelia,” he calls out in his manly authoritative but gentle voice, “have you put those papers on my desk for G and B productions? Their advert goes live this week and media billboards need to be finished.”
I nod, “Yes, they are all signed off actually, just need the last signature which is yours, and I’ve also spoken to Pete from Hunch, they want a new media production of their advert for their new range of shirts, something about the current one not being ‘weirdly unsatisfying” I emphasise, “and Jade from Human Resources needs your signature on this.”
He takes the letter from my hand and looks it over, “what is this?”
“It’s the new training plan for employees you asked them to draft up and sign off before they put the training in place.”
He clears his throat slightly as he sits in his chair whipping off his tie, “ahh good, I want everyone to have this training, although some people are good enough the way they are,” he winks at me, butterflies flutter in my stomach, he hands it back to me, “okay, make sure Hunch speak to me first, their new line is not as impressive as they think and will take a lot more advertising to get people to buy that crap. They will need new billboards and something more edgy if they really want it to sell.”
I smile and head to my desk, once again daydreaming about a man I know I cannot have. He sits there sipping away his freshly made coffee, flipping through paperwork and ignoring the world around him.
As everyone else comes into work, I find myself thrown into an extremely busy day, phone calls and paperwork up to my eyeballs.
My phone has been going mental all morning, both cell and office line, I barely have time to stop and chat to anyone, maybe that’s why people see me as such a goodie-two-shoes, I never speak to anyone in the office, maybe the odd one or two that I have worked with since I started, always sat at my desk head down and doing work. That’s me!
Leaving my desk to send of the new mock-ups for the advertising billboard of a new fragrance line, my phone rings. Hands full, I quickly chuck it down and answer, “Advertising Development Ltd, Aurelia speaking, how can I help?”
“Oh hi,” an irritated voice responds, “I want to speak to Dalton.”
“I’m very sorry, Mr West is currently busy, I am his personal assistant, all queries may go through me, is there anything I can help you with.”
I hear an annoyed sigh on the other end, “look lady, I want to speak to him now, I don’t have to go through you.”
“Yes you do miss; it’s what I am employed for, who’s calling please?”
“Mrs West,” she snaps rudely.
“Oh you must be his wife, I do apologise,” I reply trying to be polite and professional, “if you can bear with me I will just ring his line.” She doesn’t say a word back to me as I place her on hold, what a rude woman! I could hear her talking through her teeth as if she was angry at me; I felt I was being scolded except I don’t know what I did. I try ringing his phone to pop her through but there is no answer.
 I look over into his office through the glass partition between us and see he is just staring out of the window. I walk over and slightly tap on the glass; he gives me the nod to enter through the side door.
“Aurelia, come in,” he smiles, “I have something I need to ask you,” I sit in silence, caught in a trance as he speaks to me, “I have a dinner tonight at the Tavistock Hotel, it’s to meet with a new client and hopefully get them signed on board, some sort of perfume line they want to launch and I have contacted them to pitch an advertising idea to them, I want you with me.”
Wow my mouth is dry, he wants me to go and have dinner with him? Can I have dinner with him? “Umm, wouldn’t you want to take your wife?”
He rolls his eyes and moves over, propping himself on the edge of his desk, “I need someone with experience who can help me pitch this; it’s a business dinner so I need someone in the business. I trust you and want you with me on this, I need someone who has been in this company for a while, so please say you will join me.”
I nod in agreement, I don’t really know what to say, I cannot say no to my boss can I, pitching ideas is a great way to earn and meet new clients, “okay, but speaking of wives, yours in on my line and she seems rather angry, rude in-fact.”
He huffs, “ that doesn’t surprise me, that’s her in general. Tell her I’m in a meeting and I will call her this afternoon.” I look at him like, ‘why are you lying’ but he just gives me his seductive sweet smile, “it’s a long story, one that will definitely bore you to death and besides, I cannot deal with her attitude right now.”
I go to head out but he calls me back, “Oh Aurelia,” I turn back and look at him, “you need a dress for tonight, go and buy one at lunch, it’s a fancy restaurant so dress to impress, black tie sort of thing if you get me,” he winks. I walk out hiding my blushing cheeks.
Picking up the phone, I can hear the heavy breathing, like panting out of anger, “Umm, hello? Mrs West?”
“Yes, where is he? I wanted to speak to him not his new office piece. I asked you to go get him, clearly you cannot do your job well if it is you I am still speaking to, it’s not that hard to go fetch someone is it.”
I want to bite her head off, no-one speaks to me like that, not even my own family degrade me like something on the bottom of their shoe. I don’t care who she is or how much money the bitch has, she clearly thinks she is above me and she bloody well isn’t, “Mrs West,” I grit through my teeth, “he is in a meeting right now and will call you this afternoon, I hope you have a pleasant day,” and I put the phone down before she has a chance to respond.






























Chapter 2

Sat at my desk, sneakily looking online, I want to find a killer dress but also sophisticated and glamorous too.  I guess I want to impress the boss, even though deep down I know I shouldn’t, I shouldn’t dress up for a man I know I cannot have. I never get dressed up for events like this; normally it’s a slutty dress for a night on the town with the girls, never anything fancy. I love hitting the town with the girls, it’s a great way to unwind after a week of working non-stop.
I think of his wife and why she was so mad, she had no right to be mad at me but then I guess here I am trying to dress to impress her husband. If he was my husband it would kill me some other girl doing that for him, I’d hate it. I feel a deep guilt in the pit of my stomach, but then I haven’t done anything wrong. Have I?
Guys and girls in relationships flirt in the office all the time. There is no harm in being slightly flirtatious, is there? Married men and women do it all the time in my office, doesn’t mean they are going to act upon it. She should trust him more, then again, I shouldn’t be dressing to impress him.
As lunch time approaches, I head out of the office with the office card and go to buy a new dress. I search as many shops as I can in my location but they all sell short dresses. I want a long maxi-type dress. The Tavistock Hotel is the most prestigious and extravagant hotel in the city, not to mention the most expensive.
Dress code is black tie and formal dresses for the women. It’s like you are dressing for some fancy dinner on the Titanic. I know cocktail dresses are the norm, but for something as posh as this, I want a long dress.
I haven’t shaved my legs in a week and I don’t think I can be arsed to either, the prickly hairs are almost visible through my pantyhose, oh the shame!
I head into a shop where I see a beautiful satin sleeveless a-line, v-neck, floor length gown with side draping embellishments and backless detail. 
Picking it up I head over and try on this beautiful black dress that has captured my eye. It sits perfectly on me, the v-neck showing off some cleavage but not too much to be deemed slutty or having the ladies too far out to grab unwanted attention. I like it, I stare at myself in the mirror swishing it side to side.
I feel so excited, like I am picking out a dress for my prom, however not as excited when I look at the price tag of just over one thousand dollars. That’s a lot of money for one dress, and I haven’t even picked shoes yet!
As I got to put the dress back, the perky shop assistant with lipstick so red it strains your eyes comes up to me, a bubbly smile from ear to ear, “you know that dress looked perfect on you, you should try it with these,” and there in her hands are a pair of  strappy heeled sandals that delicately match the expensive dress.
I put the dress back on and the lovely matching shoes and stand looking in the mirror and before I can say no I find myself handing over the company card and purchasing this lovely ensemble. My boss is going to kill me. I know he told me to pick a dress but he didn’t say ‘spend lavish amounts on a gown for one night.’
I head back to office, hiding my shopping bag as best as I can but before I sit at my desk he is raising his finger and telling me to come into the office.
As I open the door he looks at me rather seriously, “okay when you go back to your desk I need you to sign off the Hunch account, they have come to an agreement,” I nod and agree and go to leave but he stops me, “oh and I see you made a very expensive purchase.”
I stop and turn slowly, “I know, I’m sorry I saw this dress, I was going to put it back but then the shop assistant, I didn’t mean to....”
But he holds his hands up and stops me rambling, “It’s okay, don’t worry about it. I’m sure you will look amazing, show me tonight, you can leave here at four and go get your hair done or whatever it is you girls do and then I will send a vehicle to pick you up at seven, is that okay?”
I nod, “yeah that’s perfectly fine, I’ll get them signed off and faxed over straight away.”
I head back to my desk taking a big sigh of relief. I thought he was going to bite my head off. He was nicer than I expected.
We have company cars used for transport in major events or launch nights but we got rid of our drivers when George started letting the place go down the pan, since Dalton came back, he has hired more and uses them to go practically everywhere, like a snob. He has his own car but during business hours he has our cars drive him round, publicity I guess.
I head to my desk and carry on with my work, diving deep into the paperwork and presentations feeling super excited about the dinner tonight.
As I am about to leave, Dalton pops his head around from his office door, “oh Aurelia, give me your number so I can text when we are on our way and just in-case of any last minute changes.”
I write down my cell number and hand it to him on a piece of paper. He gives me a cheeky wink and with a flush in my cheeks I leave.
I head to the salon, business credit card in hand. Although I feel a bit guilty for having it, I see it as he wants me to treat myself. So why not go all out, hair, make-up, the full works as I may never have this chance ever again. Not that often I get to have the opportunity to make myself look beautiful at the hands of the hands of someone else’s expense, my god, now I’m starting to start like a snob. I don’t need someone else’s money, I can do it myself but feeling cheeky I’m going to take advantage of it.
I walk in and some brunette beauty is smiling at me behind reception, her skin flawless, her hair styled to perfection, “how can I help?” she greets me, her shiny white pearly teeth on show as she munches on a chewing gum.
“Hi, I need to have hair and make-up done please, possibly my nails too, going to a very posh party and need to look top-notch.”
“Okay,” she responds flicking through the diary in-front of her, “did you make an appointment.”
Shit, I didn’t think of that, “No I didn’t sorry, I have to get ready for a meeting for tonight and didn’t cross my mind, been far too busy.”
“Well I don’t think we can fit you in,” she flicks through the book, “must be busy day not to make an appointment and walk into one of the most highly demanded salons in New York.”
I tut, “you have no idea how busy my day has been and I didn’t know this was so exclusive.”
“Yes, we are and very proud of that, where do you work?” she mumbles making small talk and hardly paying attention to me now.
“I work as personal assistant to the CEO at Advertising Development Ltd, so not enough time to think about booking a salon appointment” I tell her fiddling with my phone trying to find another salon.
She quickly perks up and changes her tune, “Oh my gosh, as in Advertising Development Ltd Dalton West Advertising Development Ltd?”
I look at her narrowing my eyes confused, “yes, why?”
“Oh he saved our salon, bought us out and since then we have thrived, he is amazing,” her hands flap around, “I’ve never met him but the things he did for us, listen” she looks around, “I will fit you in, after what he did for this salon, I wouldn’t want to turn someone who is his personal assistant.”
Well she certainly changed her tune; Mr Popular certainly has his hand dipped in other companies’ no-one even heard of. I always thought he bought them out and sold them off; clearly our lovely CEO has a heart at times. 
As I am led to a chair, I’m fussed over by the campest man I have ever seen. “So you work at Advertising Development Ltd?” he asks as he pushes my chair up to his height.
“Yeah, I’ve been there for years, it’s lovely there and I have to get ready for a dinner tonight.”
“I remember when George had that, shame what happened to him but that Dalton, he is a star isn’t he,” he pipes on, “I mean, our salon was in desperate need, when he came along we thought it was the end, but instead he saved us and since then we have thrived. It’s a family run business and he was going to sell it but Becky” he points to the receptionist, “begged him in an email, her father built this business and I guess he felt a soft spot, he saved it, advertised it and since then we have always been busy, which is good, one of the most requested salons in the city,” he smiles as I see his reflection behind me.
“He’s good at what he does I guess,” I shrug as he applies rollers to my hair.
I sit in the chair having all sorts done to me, feeling lucky and pampered which is just what I needed.
As I look in the mirror at the end result I cannot believe what I see, I hardly look like myself. My long hair which is normally tied up is long, wavy and shiny. My eyes are a subtle shade of smoky and my lips are a pale pink. My nails are manicured and finished to perfection, wow; it’s amazing how a touch of make-up and a hairdo can transform you.
I head home after the salon workers telling me stories of how their salon almost closed but Dalton saved it, and what a wonderful man he is. All those stories just made me want him even more. This man who I thought took companies apart and then sold them for profit seems to be more than meets the eye.
I want a kind caring man like him to come home to every night, although this is simply my imagination, the way he is in the working world maybe nothing compared to how he is at home, I just imagine him to be the perfect guy in all things.
I arrive home and immediately slide on my new dress and stand in the mirror. Picking up a clutch bag and putting on my new shoes I feel amazing, and to top it off I’m going to the most amazing hotel in the city.
Living in New York, it’s full of beautiful hotels but this has only been there for about a year and all the high profile celebrities and the richest of the rich go there, it’s earned a lovely name for itself. You cannot look inside the hotel from the outside as the doors are completely blacked out and you must have money or a booking to go there, even bookings sometimes can have a several month waiting list, but if you have money or are famous then there is always a table available.
 I look at the clock and its 6:55pm, where has the time gone. Did I honestly spend that much time in the salon? Unbelievable!
I plod around making sure I have everything I need, and making sure I smell nice. Luckily I had a shower when I got up this morning. I look as good as I can make myself and I smell decent, still haven’t bothered to shave my legs though, never even thought of getting a wax at the salon, luckily my legs are covered and no-one will see them.
Just as I am rushing around I hear a beeping, looking out of the window and down onto the street I see a black car with black windows and a man stepping out in a suit and tie, very formal. 
I head out, catching my breath and the old man opens the door for me, “Ma’am,” he bows his head, “Mr West will be meeting us there. I trust this is okay with you.”
“Oh of course it is, are we heading straight to venue?”
“Of course Ma’am, unless you would like to stop somewhere?”
“Yes,” I nod, “can we drive by an ATM please, I forgot to get cash out.”
The old man giggles slightly amused at my request, “Ma’am that will not be necessary, Mr West has told me to get you there and no need for you to withdraw cash, it’s all been sorted.”
“Sorted,” I frown fiddling with my bag, “right okay, how is that?”
“I take it you have never been to a meeting with him before Ma’am,” he watches as I shake my head, “these events are always paid for in advance, your meal has been sorted by the client who is meeting with Mr West as is tradition for the client to settle the bill upon arrangement of the meeting. And besides, you will not want to pay for a meal at this hotel.”
“Why is that,” my eyes narrow.
“It will probably cost you a month’s rent. I take a few people there and they are always telling me how much their bill came to, honestly I cannot believe it myself sometimes.”
I look at him in shock; a month’s rent, how fucking expensive is this hotel? Do they honestly need to settle to bill for everyone? I wasn’t expecting that, I don’t need people to pay for me, I’m always willing to give my fair share. Then again from what the driver tells me how the hell would I afford to eat there? Maybe just eat a side salad and hope it fills me, I giggle to myself at the thought.
With nothing left to do, I get into the car. The car is cream leather interior, state of the art music system and a shiny black dashboard; it’s lovely, smart and stylish.
“Would you like the music on Ma’am?” The driver asks.
“Ummm no I’m okay, it’s not that far away anyway and I need to have my thinking brain on, if I start listening to music then the song will just get stuck in my head.”
“No worries Ma’am,” he chuckles.
The car heads to the hotel and I am nervously twiddling my thumbs in the back seat, I wonder what tonight will bring.







Chapter 3

As we arrive at the hotel, the outside is decorated with beautiful statues and water features. The fairy lights surround it most elegantly and a man waits to open the door for you.
I see Dalton stood by the main entrance of this grand hotel. The huge glass doors big enough for giants to walk through but the glass is completely black, you cannot see into the lobby from the streets. Dalton opens my door and I step out, taking a deep breath trying to hide my nerves.
“Oh my,” he breaths, his eyes wide helplessly gazing at me “you look absolutely stunning,” he takes my hand and helps me graciously step out of the car. “You are just....”
“Stop it,” I smile awkwardly, “you’re making me blush.”
“I’m sorry, I never meant to, just never seen you all dressed up before.”
“Saying I’m ugly otherwise,” I laugh jokingly.
“No, you’re always beautiful, you always have been since the day I saw you” he murmurs.
He stands beside me and we walk in arm in arm. We are greeted very formally by a tall stiff man wearing what seems like an expensive suit and a lovely dickey bow to match, “good evening sir, may I take your coat?”
Dalton hands his jacket and my coat to him and then we are shown to our table. The room has ceilings that reach incredibly high with beautiful extravagant chandeliers hanging down. There seems to be some sort of Italian painting artwork that covers the ceilings, it’s so beautiful it almost makes me want to cry. Candlelight warms the tables with large flower centrepieces, it’s amazing in here. 
The tables are covered in black linen as the cutlery and napkins are all white, it’s dark but beautiful, lit by fairy and candlelight.
As we approach the table, three other men stand and greet us, my chair is moved and we all sit. My god, this is very formal, I feel so out of place. I’m nervous, my fingers wrap around each-other as I fidget, I need t compose myself, they are just people, people with fucking large amounts of money, holy crap I need to get a grip.
The meal begins and so do the endless chatter about billboards, marketing and media advertising of the new product. I barely say a word the whole time. I start to feel like just a pretty thing sat at the table, not really there to give out my own ideas.
Finally another woman joins us, fluffing and fussing about, “finally I made it, the weather is terrible and I had a nightmare getting here, traffic is seriously bad and my taxi driver had no idea where he was going, that’s the last time I use one of those,” she moans as the men stand to greet her.
“This is my wife Elsie,” the head of the company and the reason for this meeting, Steve, announces as she sits and dives into endless conversation about the new perfume, which she apparently designed.
I was supposed to be here as someone with expertise but I haven’t pitched anything to these gentlemen. I don’t know what expertise I have, but I guess I would have some idea about the business of advertising their new line.
Elsie and I listen to men talk about deigns and the best way to launch this new perfume but as I look at her she seems bored and uninterested.
Elsie looks at me, her hands folded under her chin, “what do you think my dear, I mean all these boys care about is putting some half naked woman on the advert, but we need something more than that, this is a delicate scent, not too strong, nice and subtle, it will make people want to sniff you.”
I look at her, she is extremely well groomed and dripping in jewellery that I cannot help but stare, “Well, I think as it is a woman’s perfume you need a woman’s touch. I’ve heard their pitches,” I look around the table, suddenly all eyes are focused on me, “and they are all good, but how about we have a little girl, trying on her moms perfume and looking in the mirror, her eyes widen with excitement as her mother walks in, her mother smiles and leans behind her, they both look in the mirror and the mother smiles, taking the perfume from her and spraying herself, the father walks in and is drawn to his wife, he smiles at both girls and the ad reads ‘for wife and mother, the scent that everyone craves.”
For a moment the table falls silent as they all sit and stare at me. Then they all clap, “marvellous, I think that is absolutely brilliant,” Elsie shouts as she turns to her husband, “we must have that, just imagine, a man sniffing your neck, kissing you, your beautiful daughter being hugged because she smells so beautiful, everyone wants to smell like you, they crave the scent and what people crave, they buy.”
Dalton leans over to me, “well done,” he whispers in my ear smiling and clapping.
Our meals are finished and everyone is relaxed. Dalton is happy that the new perfume line of ‘Heavenly Woman’ is now on our books for us to market; a new client has joined our company. The client seems happy and the evening chatter moves from business to general things, everyone is laughing and having a good time and I feel a sense of achievement. 
Music plays on the hotel band. It’s soft and light; no singing just light music on the piano and harp. 
Dalton turns to me, his hand held out, “come dance with me.”
I cannot resist that sparkle in his eyes and the smile that beams and his entire face looks happy, this man, my boss has captivated me. I shouldn’t really and I know I shouldn’t but I cannot hold back and I take his hand where he leads me to the dance floor.
His hand slides behind me and onto my back as me pulls me close into him, so close I almost feel his heartbeat against my chest. His eyes stare into mine and room fades away behind us, “that was a good pitch,” he mutters to me, “I never knew you had such vision.”
“Well I’m just an assistant to you; I doubt you would pay that much attention to know me to see what ‘vision’ I have.”
He pulls me closer, his cheek against mine, “I pay more attention to you than you know Aurelia, that’s why I wanted you here, to see what you could do, I never knew you would do it so well.”
I move my head and look directly at him as we sway slowly side to side, “well, I’m glad you liked it and I’m always happy to help,” dismissive of his flirting.
“So I see, you’re very good at your job, maybe I should look to move you.”
I shake my head instantly, “no, I love what I do, I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else but where I am.”
“Where you are is right here with me and I like it,” his lip curls up into a cheeky smile as he leans forward and before I know it, his lips are on mine. 
I pull back in shock, for a moment I wanted to indulge in my fantasy and kiss him back, let him devour me, but then his wife suddenly popped into my head. I stand still just looking at him and it feels like time has stopped until finally, I run outside.
Standing outside I feel the breeze on my skin as I try and catch my breath, the mist of rain drizzles down above me and I stand still and breathe deeply. I cannot believe I just kissed my boss, or he kissed me, well we kissed each other, oh my, I’m in trouble. Why did he do that?
“Aurelia,” I hear behind me, I turn to see he has followed me outside, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to....”
“Wait,” I stop him holding my hand up, “it’s not the kiss, the kiss was lovely, well slightly could have been better, but, oh my god, your wife, you, you’re married,” I ramble, “and you, you’re my boss!”
“Aurelia, slow down,” he says so calmly, “yes I am married but you have no idea what hell that is, and yes I am your boss but right now I am a guy who really wants to be in your arms, kissing you.”
My mouth drops to the floor, how can he say this when he literally just said he’s married. He’s right; I know nothing of his marriage except from what it sounds like his wife is a right arse! To be honest from the moment I heard her speak to me I felt like I wanted to punch her in the face.
I look at his face, that tempting face that seems to be pulling me in, those lips, those eyes, I want him to but I cannot, I cannot do that to another person, to another woman! What if he was my husband doing this with someone else, I cannot be the reason his marriage ends!
He moves closer towards me and pulls me, again I am kissing him and he’s kissing me, lip to lip without hesitation.
I don’t pull back, I let him devour me and I let my fantasy play out. I taste his lips, they taste like the wine and the chocolate cheesecake dessert we scoffed down, it was delicious. He is delicious, this beautiful man and he has me in a romantic embrace.
I pull back, my eyes still closed, soaking in that amazing feeling, “I really should get home,” I mumble.
“Yes, I guess that is wise, I will have Stuart take you home,” he signals the car and kisses my hand softly, “tomorrow we will work on the billboard and the advertising for the perfume, contracts will need to be drawn up.”
“Okay, I will get the legal team on that and uhh,” I look at him, wanting another kiss so badly, “um, I guess I’ll see you in the morning.”
He leans in and tenderly kisses me, just what I wanted him to do; I blush and get in the car. As we pull away, I notice he stands there and watches me driving away into the distance. Why is he watching me drive away? Is it attraction or did he just have too much to drink? Maybe that’s why he kissed me, he’s simply had too much to drink.
I cannot believe that happened and I am scared that tomorrow he will regret it and there will be some serious tension in our office, and not the nice sexual kind.
I sit in silence in the back seat of the car, watching the city go by as we drive home. I still feel the sensation on my lips as I close my eyes and imagine him kissing me.
Just as I drift into my imagination, my phone beeps. I look and see a number I do not recognise.

Had a lovely night with you, I could have spent more time but I guess we have other days to spend time with each-other, get some sleep, will see you tomorrow. Dalton x

Oh. My. God! He’s texting me, my boss is texting me. Does that mean things won’t be weird tomorrow? Do I text him back? My mind is swirling as my fingers run over the keys, I have no idea what I should do. If I text him does that make me sound too eager? Too clingy maybe.
I type a message but then I delete it, I don’t know what I should say. I run my fingers over the keys reading his message as my mind ponders, what should I say?
“We’re here Ma’am,” Stuart the driver mentions as we arrive outside my apartment. I thank him as I get out and run straight upstairs, two floors up I cannot be bothered to wait for the lift.
My gorgeous apartment looking over Central Park, I gaze out of the window into the night thinking about what I should do.
I have to text him back; I have to know things will not be awkward tomorrow.

I had a lovely night too, haven’t dressed up like that in a long time, I hope things will not be....awkward tomorrow, see you then, night x

I leave it at that, I said what I wanted and hope that tomorrow he will just be normal with me. Wiping of my make-up my mind daydreams once again to that kiss, and then, my phone beeps.

It will never be awkward; you looked beautiful tonight and should dress up more often. I’m glad I kissed you, so stop worrying, I couldn’t resist and if I had my way I would be kissing you all night, I can still feel you. Goodnight. Dalton x

He’s glad he kissed me? Holy shit he would have kept kissing me, I know I would have loved to have stayed there kissing him. I could have kissed those soft lips of his until my lips fell off. Not literally but I could have kept going for a long time, they felt so good.
I don’t text back and leave it at that for the night. As I get ready for bed I wonder what tomorrow will bring, is he just saying these things or does he mean them?
 I guess we’ll see.


























Chapter 4

The sounds of traffic below wake me at a lovely 7:00am. I roll over and look out of the window, I forgot to draw the drapes and shut it and shut the window, I can hear everything. The sun is just about shining and I look like utter shit.
I didn’t drink that much last night but my god I feel crappy. Maybe it was the mixers in-between, they have not settled so well in my stomach. I feel as if they are about to come back up and someone is banging a hammer on my head. I need an aspirin!
I stretch and feel the morning blossom through the room and then I remember that kiss! My boss kissed me, it was sensual, soft and addictive, have to face him today too. I check my phone but there are no messages since last night. No messages? Gutted!
Holy shit! What if his wife read them? What if she knows about the kiss? A heavy veil of guilt drapes over me once again as I know I did something I shouldn’t have, shall I call in sick? Surely if she knew she would be calling me, right? I mean if my husband was kissing some other woman I wouldn’t be able to keep it to myself. I’d be on the phone screaming and shouting wanting to punch her in the face.
For fuck sake, why did I have to go and kiss a married man? Yes I like him and yes I am attracted to him but he’s still married. I should never have done that, I should have just kept my distance; I could have said the first one was a mistake but the second one was clearly intentional. I didn’t push him away, I just let him have what he wanted, and clearly it was what I wanted too.
Maybe I should just go into work and try and hide from him all day, wait, no that wouldn’t work, I’m his assistant and P.A. He will call me when he needs something and it’s not like I can pretend I cannot hear him, we have a thin window between our offices, not to mention an adjoining office door!
I know one thing is for sure, I need to look good today. Meetings and things to prepare for the new client, plus I don’t want him seeing me look like shit after what I looked liked last night.
Wait, what am I doing? Making an effort for a man I cannot have? Why must I look good, it shouldn’t matter right? For fuck sake my head is spinning, I have to get dressed; I have to stop thinking about him. I cannot make an effort; I just need to wear anything.
I put my normal work clothes on, a pencil skirt and white fitted blouse, heels and hair tied back neatly. As I look in the mirror I look plain, normal, this is me and this is what I will be wearing today. 
Just as I am leaving my phone beeps,

Morning beautiful. Can you please pop by Starbucks and get me a Latte, thank you  Dalton x

Beautiful? Is he now calling me that? I didn’t realise we had reached the stage where we call each-other beautiful. I’m in such a mess, I feel so guilty, like I’m the one who has cheated, when really he has. Why should I feel so guilty? I’m not the one in a relationship, my god I could throw up with the amount of panicking my brain is doing right now, why can I not just stop thinking about him!
I don’t respond and head to Starbucks first; I need coffee too with an extra shot, extra courage shot that is. I wonder if they sell vodka in Starbucks? No of course they don’t and I don’t think swallowing vodka right now would be a good idea. The thought makes sick!
As I head into the office, it’s quiet; as usual I am the first in. I have Dalton’s coffee but he is not in his office, so being a coward I quickly run in and dump it on his desk. I fill up the coffee machine just in-case and leg it out of there.
As I approach my desk, I slump into my chair and sigh some form of relief that he isn’t in his office, I know I cannot avoid him all day but for now it’s just me. I can relax for a few minutes before everyone starts arriving and then when he comes in, I keep telling myself to only go in if needed.
Relaxed and drinking my coffee, everyone else begins to arrive, the emails start flooding in and tasks need to be done, I have so much to do and feel like I don’t have enough time to do it in. My job is so demanding; sometimes I think I could do with an assistant too.
“Did you have a nice night?” Deb asks me excitedly, popping her head around my office door like a nosey meerkat “did anything happen?”
I pull her into my office and shut the door, “no don’t be daft he’s married and besides, how do you know we went out?”
Deb, Debbie, is really the only one I have any real conversation with in the office, in her forties and divorced three times; she is a pathological flirt and loves attention and gossip. She has decided to give up on marriage as it never works out for her and basically shags anything that walks, mainly guys in our office. And then when they want more she brushes them off coldly, I honestly don’t know what she does to them but they always seem to want more, more than she is willing to give.
She knows I have a secret crush on my boss which has been obvious since he walked in and much as the gossip queen she is, she hasn’t said anything to anyone.  Thank god! If that got out I doubt I would be able to face people in here.
There, in the morning paper handed to me is a picture of all of us as we enter the hotel one by one and discussion about our company launching their new perfume brand.  How did they even get these? We all arrived at different times yet they managed to grab pictures? And discuss something we haven’t even posted to the press yet?
“What the fuck? Why is this in the paper?” I flip through the pages vigorously, Dalton and I sat right next to each-other looking cosy. How did they get into the hotel to take that picture? Colour drains from my face and suddenly once again I start to feel sick, “how the fuck....”
“Uhh hello, she” Deb points at Elsie in the picture, “always has the pap shoot her whenever she gets the chance to mention her new line or anything, the woman is fame hungry, works well for her though, and her new lines always shoot off the shelves.”
“But this paper came out this morning; we didn’t even agree to have him on board until after this meal.”
She laughs, “yeah and then she texts them probably and they put it through ready for morning issue, trust me, besides, you’re not doing anything wrong, so you’re having dinner with him.” She looks at it, “doesn’t look that bad, and plus you look good. In-fact, you look kind of hot there.”
I go bright red, I can feel the heat in my cheeks, “oh my god, everyone is going to see this. His wife is going to see this; I doubt he told her I was going.”
“What does it matter,” she asks looking at me confused her eyes narrow as if trying to suss out my secret, I mean it’s a bloody picture of everyone sat down eating food, it shouldn’t matter but I know he kissed me and I feel like people will guess. Oh my now I’m panicking.
Clearly my over-reacting to this is setting something in her mind; I need to be normal, “sorry, yeah you’re right, just you know, wasn’t expecting that. Don’t really expect to see your face in the morning paper do you.”
She shrugs it off, “oh the boss is back, best get back to work,” she giggles, “not that I do much anyway.”
As she leaves my office Dalton enters. He is wearing just his trousers and his shirt with no tie, open collar and looking very sexy. He looks so good I just want to devour him right now but I know that I can’t.
“Morning, have you started on the ‘Heavenly Woman’ perfume stuff yet?” he glances at me fidgeting with paperwork.
“I emailed Elsie already and the contracts were sent from HR, I have started on the billboard but will get it to design and see what they can come up with.”
He smiles and looks up at me, “good, more than what I expected as always, now there’s one more thing, I would like you come for lunch with me, I have some new things to discuss,” he curls his lip into a slight smile and opens my door to leave but then turns back, “oh and can you push my meeting at two to about three, I have a busy day and will not be back until then, will see you at lunch,” he smiles again leaving.
I haven’t even agreed to have lunch with him and yet he seems to think I am, wait, am I? Am I going on lunch because I have to and he’s my boss or because I want to. As my mind spins over unnecessary rubbish, the phone starts ringing, thankfully a distraction that is much needed.
“Advertising Development Ltd, Aurelia speaking, how can I help?”
“Well, who else would I expect to pick up my husband’s phone,” an irritated woman snaps at me, “I want to speak to Dalton.” Ahh it is none other than Dalton’s wife. Just when all this is going on, perfect fucking timing.
I know at this point he has just gone into a meeting, “I’m sorry Mrs West, firstly, this is my phone as you keep ringing the main office for Mr West, so of course I’m going to answer and to advise you Mr West has gone into a meeting can I....” the other end goes silent, “hello? Mrs West.” A dead tone greets me as I’m still talking. Well the cheeky bitch has just put the phone down on me. Charming!
Ignoring the rudeness of the woman I carry on with my work, so much to do and Elsie is one pushy woman. The perfume is called ‘Heavenly Woman’. Elsie thought it was best to enhance women and make them desired, as in the perfume is tempting or pleasurable; I guess the slogan for it goes well.
Being so busy, time passes by without realising, it’s suddenly 1:00pm, it’s lunch time and as on cue, my phone beeps:

Meet me downstairs, car is ready to go, Dalton x

I head downstairs and there waiting by the car is that sexy boss of mine. Why couldn’t he be unattractive or have the personality of a shrub. Why did he have to kiss me, ahh the kiss that replays over and over in my head, that perfect kiss that I want again and again. No, I can’t think of that now.
We head out of the city to small restaurant off the main road. It’s an Italian, cute and out of the way.
“Why are we here Dalton?” I ask as the vehicle pulls up outside.
“Privacy,” he smirks, “come on, they do delicious Italian here.”
We enter the restaurant which is full of small tables and very old decor but something smells amazing. We are seated by the window looking out to the side alley. It is very private and out of the way, the kind of place where no-one would think to look at you.
A cute small flower sits on the table in a tiny white vase, Dalton sits opposite me, and he seems happy and content.
“What do we need privacy for?” I mumble quietly trying to keep my distance from the man tempting me from across the table.
“I just wanted to be alone with you after last night, and well I wanted to see if you were okay?”
I am taken back, “Dalton I’m okay, just, you know worried because you’re married, I felt so guilty all night but then I wanted more and the more I wanted the guiltier I felt.”
He leans over the table and his hand gently brushes on top of mine, “I know I am married but trust me, it isn’t what you think, I....” 
“May I take your order sir,” the waiter interrupts.
“Uhh yes bring us two of the Tagliatelle Alla Bolognese and a bottle of red please,” Dalton orders, the waiter smiles awkwardly and leaves, sensing he has interrupted something.
“You ordered for me, I may not have wanted the Bolognese,” I murmur, what am I a child?
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to, we can swap it for something if you like.”
“No it’s fine, just maybe next time let me look at the menu,” I smirk. Dalton leans back over the table; he looks troubled, stressed, “Are you alright?” I ask him, he’s always so happy and he was when we first sat down but now he seems to have changed. He has that face that something is playing deeply on his mind. Do I push for more information? May be isn’t my place.
“Aurelia, you have no idea about my life or about my marriage and it’s not something I tend to tell anyone, but that kiss, please do not feel guilty, I wanted it and I want more to.” His touch sends electric shockwaves through my body, I want to crawl over the table and dive into his lap, but I can’t. No matter how much we both want it, he’s still married. If the guilt I felt last night is still eating away at me, then doing that will only make it worse.
“Let’s just eat our lunch okay, you look like you need the wine and we’ll talk later, when you don’t look so stressed,” I smile softly taking my hand back “besides, I’m starving and I don’t do well when I’m starving,” I giggle, Dalton looks up and giggles with me.
His leg gently brushes mine and I gasp, I quickly move it away but he stares at me, those eyes are so inviting, what is he thinking? God damn it, I need to look away and look away now.













Chapter 5

I hear his phone buzzing in his pocket; it’s buzzed at least twenty times since we got here, possibly more. So much for peace and quiet at lunch!
“Someone is eager to get hold of you,” I mumble.
He sighs, “You have no idea, I should learn to switch the thing off but I have to keep it on for business you know. But I should, maybe then I would have some peace and quiet.
I laugh, “you are the CEO of a major firm, I doubt peace and quiet is even in your day to day agenda.”
We have a laugh and tuck in to the delicious food. I would never even think of coming here. Well of the way and it doesn’t look very impressive, although cute, looking at it from the outside would make you wonder. Then again I would never venture down a side alley for food.
I look at the time and see we have been sat here for a long time, its 2:30pm, is that why he wanted me to move his appointment? Is this what was keeping him busy? Me? Again my imagination of questions is running off on its own, I really need to let my brain calm down before I get another headache.
Looking across the table as we consume the delicious food, I feel his foot touch mine again and I jump. His eyes stare into me from across the table and I see him becoming short of breath as do I. 
The sexual attraction and tension between us has become obvious to both of us and I feel my urges to rip his clothes off kicking in, I need to restrain myself. I want him now, on this table, my legs wrapped round me pounding me hard.
Holy fuck what am I thinking, I need a distraction quickly, “I have to use the restroom and then I guess we should be heading back, we have so much stuff to do.” I get up from my chair as he stands too, such a gentlemen and head to the bathroom as quickly as I can without looking to obvious that I am running.
I don’t really need to use the restroom; I just needed to get some space as the sexual tension at the table is driving me crazy. Every time he touches me, or his leg brushes against mine I want to kiss him. He keeps staring at me with those seductive eyes and I want to pounce. 
I splash some water on my face and try and calm down. My heart is racing in my chest and I feel my loins aching for him to be between them. ‘Get a grip, you cannot have him’ I tell myself staring at my pale complexion in the mirror.
As I open the door to leave, Dalton is stood in the tiny corridor; he grips me by the arms and pushes me backwards into the bathroom, “what are you doing?” I ask completely flabbergasted.
“Since I started in the office I have watched you, seen you, admired you and looked forward everyday to coming to the office to see you. Last night, that kiss, I cannot get it out of my head.” He kisses me and kisses me deeply. I want him so badly that forget his wife and kiss him back.
He swings me and pushes me against the door stopping people from coming in. His hand slides up my thigh under my skirt and onto my panties, he cups me and I feel myself throb against his hand. Ah, that’s what I want, his touch. 
My hand reaches down his body, stroking over his shirt, suddenly hesitant, I stop on his pants line, “touch me,” he begs breathlessly. My mind is screaming ‘stop’ but my body says otherwise, I reach down and touch him. His erection is hard, bulging from inside is pants.
“Aurelia, I need you right now, I cannot hold it anymore, please let me take you,” he breathes into me.
His kisses are hard and powerful, his taste is addictive and I want him, but there is no way I am shagging my boss in the restroom of an Italian restaurant.
I quickly stop, “Not here, I can’t, I want to but I can’t,” I breathe heavily as I try to resist the temptation to let him enter me. My god I want that dick, I’m horny and he’s wound me up but I need to control myself, not here and not now. 
He puts me down and rests his forehead on mine, I feel the eagerness in him, wanting more, wanting to rip my clothes off but he resists, as do I.
“I’m sorry, I want to but I just can’t not here,” I murmur as I hear chatter coming from the other side of the door. There are people wanting to come in here and I’m against the door holding it closed like a door stop!
“It’s ok, I respect that. I don’t know what came over me, I felt an urge and then when I looked at you it was like something took over me, I do want you and my god I am going to have you,” he kisses my forehead and we both compose ourselves and leave the restroom to be confronted by two women, old women dressed in matching brown pant suits, not judging but my god they look awful.
Their faces turn sour with a look of disgust as they both suspect we have been doing the dirty, which we were going to but didn’t. I blush bright red as we head out of the restaurant and back into the car. 
He stares at me all the way back to the office, his eyes say ‘come sit on my dick, I want you,’ which makes me flush but there’s no way I’m having sex in-front of Stuart either. It’s like he has no boundaries and will have sex literally anywhere. I try to avoid his seductive stare and look out of the window at the city all the way back to the office.
“I know what you’re doing,” I whisper discreetly, “and it’s not going to happen.”
“I’m not doing anything,” he smirks.
“Yes you are, you’re looking at me like you want to fuck me right now,” the car pulls up outside the office, I lean over and grab his tie pulling him into me, controlling and dominant as I rest my lips on his, “and I’m not going to fuck you in the car,” I kiss him and leave.
By the time we get back to the office it is gone three and everyone is staring as we walk back in together. Dalton leaves and heads towards his meeting, which he is now late for and I head to my office only to see someone sat in there, their back is to me and I can see their foot tapping on the floor.
“Deb,” I call out stopping in the middle of the office, she comes over happy as usual, “who is that in my office.”
“Oh, I don’t know, she was insistent she went into the boss’s office and since it was locked and no-one had the key, we stuck her in there, you know, being as you’re the PA and everything” she shrugs casually.
I look at her just thinking, ‘you idiot’ but just give her a sarcastic smile, “cheers very much.”
A stranger in my office and no-one bothered to ask who it is? I open my door to see it’s a woman. Long blonde hair that is clearly a dye job curled and styled nicely hangs down her back. She turns to me and its clear she is someone with money. Her contoured make-up looks amazing and she is wearing a flashy diamond ring. Her red lipstick is one to question though. What is it with women and money and their cheap looking red lipstick? “Hi, can I help you?” I ask this slim well dressed woman invading my office.
“Well it’s not you I wanted, however I couldn’t get in the office because it was locked and no-one would open it for me, bunch of cretins,” she points, “where is he?”
“Oh he, I assume you mean Mr West is in a meeting for now, I’m his assistant, can I help you at all,” this woman is staring at me and making me feel very uncomfortable.
“No, if you would just let me into his office I can wait there,” she snarls at me, “If I needed you I would ask for you wouldn’t I.”
“Well I’m sorry I cannot let you in there,” I look out of the office window and see Dalton heading this way on his phone, he looks up and smiles at me but his expression soon changes. He walks faster towards my office as if angry; he barges in, the door swinging open almost hitting the wall behind it, “Maddison, what are you doing here?”
Oh my, it’s his fucking wife! She turns and smiles, “well honey I came to see my muffin of course,” her words almost make me vomit muffin? Who calls someone muffin? What grown woman says the word ‘muffin’ to their husband like a five year old?
“Why? I told you I would see you when I got home and I’m really busy today,” he huffs, “and why are you in this office,” he looks confused.
“Well muffin yours was locked and the mean people wouldn’t let me in, you really should let them know who I am,” she tells him clearly being dramatic in her choice of words, she walks over and wraps her arms around his waist, kissing him tenderly on the cheek, “maybe we should go into your office and have some privacy.”
He stands there as stiff as a board, no affection to her whilst he looks at me coldly and I’m stood like an idiot not knowing where to look.
“Let’s go into my office then,” and with that he walks off, without saying a word. The man was all over me a few moments ago and now he’s as cold as ice. He didn’t say anything to her, wait, am I wishing he did? No, but I am wishing I didn’t just see what I saw. Them too all lovey, a marriage there paraded in-front of me like a show for all to watch, as if she was rubbing something in my face, but how could she rub him in my face she doesn’t know anything.
She follows him whilst making sure she turns back to give me a smug look. I want to run up to her and tell her that her husband was trying to fuck me, but I hold back, I’m not going to make a scene.
She is extremely up her own arse and a vile person by what I have just seen, well maybe not vile, I don’t know the bitch but still someone I could hate easily.
Angry, I sit at my desk and dive into the mountain of work I have. His office blinds close and so are the ones between his and my office and I want to scream, who the fuck does he think I am, some office slut he can play with and then chuck back when his wife turns up?
As much as I don’t like the woman and I felt very guilty about that little rendezvous on the restroom, I’m starting to think he is bit of a dick.
My office messenger pings as I am at my desk, I look and see it’s Dalton, the sleaze ball is messaging me when his wife is in the office?

Dalton – CEO 
It’s not what you think she is playing up, it’s what she does. Plays happy families for all to see.


Aurelia – P/A
I’m sure you’re wife can see what you’re typing, why are you typing to me when your wife is there with you.

Dalton – CEO 
No she cannot see, she is sat in-front talking about new drapes for the dining room; I couldn’t give a shit what drapes she wants. Please trust me, it’s all a show.

Aurelia – P/A
Well from what I saw, seems like you do care, you barely said two words to me when she arrived like you were ashamed, that you care for your wife and looked like she truly loves and wants you. I feel very stupid! I’m not the office slut you know!

And with those words I log off and decide to head home for the day. He will probably tell me off for it tomorrow but right now I just don’t care. I’m leaving early and that’s that!
My phone bleeps as I hail a cab:

Aurelia please, where have you gone, it isn’t what you think and I don’t think of you as a slut. Dalton x

Annoyed I message back:

No it’s exactly what I think. You cannot use me as your office shag buddy whenever you feel a bit horny. I felt so guilty but then I thought you actually cared. Your wife walks in and you don’t say anything to her or to me. I feel so ashamed and so used. I’m going home, I will see you tomorrow!!!!!!

How could I have been so stupid? I knew he was married and I knew I should never have got involved. 
I head into my apartment alone, as always and feeling sorry and disgusted with myself. I head for the shower trying to get him out of my mind. His scent and his taste still lingers like he is right there next to me. 
The water runs over my skin and I feel all the dirt being washed away, I drift into a daydream as the peace and quiet fills the air. The soap lathers up and washes away the ‘Dalton’ smell that lingers all over me. I was it all off and then just stand in the shower quietly as the water drips over me. The sound of the dripping water relaxes me, well that is until my doorbell rings.
Fussing about trying to grab a towel I quickly wrap myself up, only having just showered and still soaking wet. I place a towel on my head as my doorbell pings again, my god someone is eager, I shout for them to wait as I make an attempt to make myself decent.
 I open the door and peak my head around, to my amazement, it’s Dalton.













Chapter 6

Soaking wet and nothing but a towel wrapped round me I hide my body behind the door. “Oh my god, what are doing here?” I mutter annoyed.
“Well you ran off and switched your phone off so I thought it best to come here.” He stands there ever so calmly and stares at me, “well are you going to let me in or are we going to have this conversation out here?”
Should I let him in? I mean, he should be at home with his wife and doing stuff with her surely, and what conversation do we need to have. After what I saw in the office today, I am hesitant to let him step foot inside my apartment.  After brief pause on what I should do, I step aside and let him in, pulling on my towel making sure I am fully covered.
“I feel I should explain to you about Maddison and I after what happened today.”
“Which part?” I ask annoyed as I shut the door, “the part where you almost had your dick in me or the part where your wife showed up and you said nothing making me feel like a whore.”
His mouth drops open at my choice of words, “it’s not what you think, and honestly I hate Maddison.”
My mouth almost falls to the floor too, now we are both shocked. How can you hate someone you are married to, “I don’t understand?”
He sits down and runs his hands through his hair, “Maddison and I dated in high school, never really my type and was just one of those ‘in crowd’ things. When I left and started doing things with my father, she tugged along, like a fucking bad smell I couldn’t get rid of.” I sit next to him as he tries to dig his way out of the hole he has made, “anyway, her father is was, well is a very rich man, so to speak and my father wanted digs in is company but for half the price her father was offering. Our parents got together and pushed us into marriage, me believing it was better for my father and the business I went along with it but she doesn’t love me and I don’t love her. She tries to put on a show around people and I fucking hate it.”
“You married her out of some sort of business arrangement, that’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard, you’re a grown man surely you can make your own choices Dalton,” I get up and go to walk away but he grabs me and pulls me back down.
He looks deep into my eyes, “if I didn’t marry her my father said he would have cut me off and at the time I was young and just started in the business world, he wanted into that business deal and at the time I was working for him, I was young and stupid, that’s why I’m going at it on my own, I don’t want or need my father’s money anymore, he thinks he has so much power and he doesn’t realise I don’t need him having that hold over my career and my life. I want out Aurelia, out of my forced marriage and out of my father’s shadow.”
I look at him, he looks so troubled but inner voice tells me to be cautious “how do I know this isn’t some bullshit to try and cover your own ass? Like a huge made up lie, and very good one at that. It’s just so hard to believe Dalton.”
He chuckles amused “you’re feisty when you’re defensive, here I’ll show you.” He pulls out a piece of paper. It’s an email his father sent to him, he has it printed? Why would he carry that around? It talks about the business and money and how Maddison is their ticket into the business her father owns. I’m shocked; it’s a forced marriage because his father wanted half of her daddy’s company?
“So you can never leave as long as your father has half of her father’s company?” I murmur.
“That’s why I went out on my own and things are changing, including my part in my father’s business, I have a plan which is under-way, I cannot say anything yet as things are still being decided. My father has no idea and neither does hers. I want out and I’m going to get out. Trust me on this please Aurelia, I’m not going to be with her very much longer I hope and if everything goes my way, there will be some storms brewed up, trust me.”
This all sounds too good to be true, like he is telling me something he thinks I want to hear. All men who have affairs say they will leave their wives but never do, am I going to be a fool and fall for it?
He looks at me and sighs, “you don’t believe me do you?”
“Its rather elaborate story isn’t it; you’re forced to marry someone you hate for the sake of money.” Is his father Hitler or something?
He nods, “indeed, but that’s my father, it’s all about the money he has no idea now that I’m wealthier than him and his businesses. I like you so much Aurelia and I would never treat you the way you’re assuming. If I was single I’d date you but we cannot date like that, not until I’m single.”
“You may have found someone else you like by then,” I laugh jokingly but I don’t want him to find anyone else. I only want him to find me.
He moves closer to me, “no, I want you, you’re like a drug to me, I want you Aurelia and that’s all I can see wanting, it’s been a few months but I cannot stay away from you. Today in the office, I saw your face and it pained me to see you like that, knowing I couldn’t jump into your arms and tell Maddison you were the one I wanted.”
His words hit me and my vagina throbs for him once again. I can feel my heart race as he stares at me, neither of us says a word but I can see the desire for me in his eyes.
He moves my towel revealing my naked body underneath, his hands run up my thigh as he still looks at me. As he touches me I gasp a little in pleasure, my legs opening for him to slide between them. He slowly rubs his finger over me which makes me flourish with wetness. My breathing intensifies as does his.
I lie backwards as he leans in towards me until he is lying there on top of me. He kisses me tenderly and his lips brush softly over mine.
My hands slide down his body, slowly sliding down his pants and his briefs until I feel his erection against me. His finger slips inside me as he gently moves and feels me.
I moan in pleasure letting him feel what he is doing to me, I can feel my wetness drip over him as he pushes against me more. I pull his shirt open revealing his tanned and toned body. I’m in heaven. Fuck he is hot!
He lifts his finger out of me and runs it over my lip so I taste myself on him, I lick his finger and he looks at me pleased.
“Do you like tasting yourself? I want you, I need to feel the inside of you dripping over my dick,” he whispers in my ear, pushing the tip of his penis over my opening.
“Take me,” I pant.
With granted permission, he slowly slides himself into me and I feel every inch go in. My body jolts with excitement as he groans feeling inside of me. He pushes deep inside me and thrusts slowly as he kisses my lips. Oh my, the man I crave is making love to me, my inner voices scream with desire and passion. His dick feels so good.
My hands run up and down his body softly feeling the sexy gorgeous man that is on top of me. The touch is intense; his penis is deep inside me. He pulls back and lifts me up so that I am straddling him as he sits on my couch. I slide him back inside me and slowly grind back and forth. His hands grip my arse cheek as he pulls me into him. I can feel myself rubbing against him, it’s driving me crazy!
My moans become louder, and I feel him harder inside me. His mouth runs over my nipple as he softly suckles at them, flicking the nipple with his tongue, so I grind a little faster.
Pushing down hard onto him I hear his moans accentuate, I lean down and kiss him “Aurelia, fuck you’re making me want to come,” he moans.
I want him to come, I want him to come so hard he craves more of me, hearing his moans it spurs me on to grind down hard.
Rubbing against him I cannot hold it anymore, my clitoris is throbbing and I let go letting out a pleasurable scream, he feels me and grips me, pushing up deep inside and releases with me.
I fall onto him breathless; he wraps his arms around me and kisses my shoulder. “I don’t think I have ever made love like that before.”
“Me neither,” I reply trying to catch my breath, “that was amazing, I have never felt something so good inside me.”
He kisses me softly, “I’m still inside you, does it feel good,” he wiggles.
The sensation of his soft penis tickles my vagina wall as he wiggles, it’s good but weird at the same time, “you feel good; I could keep you here with me and never let you go.”
He smiles as I rest my head on his, “I wish I could, I don’t think I want to be anywhere else.”
I slide of him and laugh as the sensation sends a tingly feeling through my body. I take him by the hand and lead him to the bedroom. Lying on the bed I pull a sheet over us, “stay here with me,” I ask him softly.
His fingers twirl around mine as he lies beside me, “I wish I could, but....”
“No buts, you could say you had to work late, stay here with me.”
He looks at me and pulls me close, I wrap my leg over him and kiss him softly. “Okay,” he breathes, “but as long as we stay like this.”
“Soppy bugger,” I giggle, “but I thought we could do something better than this.”
His eyes narrow with a cheeky smile on his face, “well, what is it you had in mind?”
I roll on top of him and begin play fighting. He tickles me back and I laugh more than I have laughed in ages. He giggles with me, throwing me about on the bed.
He leans down and kisses me, his lips once again soft and tender. “Your lips taste like lip gloss,” he mumbles.
“Well I was showering when you arrived, probably didn’t get most of it off.” I pause for a second and just look at him, “I have a question,” I move and lie down lying in his arms on the bed.
“Go on,” his voice low as if expecting something really bad.
“You said you’re going out on your own so you can leave your father’s strings, are you going to divorce Maddison?” My heart thumps as I dread the answer, why did I have to ask that question, as if he is going to leave his wife!
He sighs, “That’s the plan, I have made more than enough to be on my own, I won’t say exactly what but trust me, I have money to last me several lifetimes but I have to be careful, if my father or Maddison’s father find out my plan before its competed then there is going to be a serious amount of trouble.”
He’s leaving his wife? I didn’t expect that, but wait, what am I? “So I’m just the bit on the side then, the fling to keep you company while you do all of this?”
He gets up and leans over me, “you’re not the fling Aurelia, you’re not just a bit on the side and I’m not going to promise you I will divorce my wife and then hurt you. I want out but I have to do it my way okay.”
I look into his eyes, “okay, but I’m not going to wait for you forever. If you cannot promise me then I don’t want to wait around forever like an idiot.”
He smiles, “I know that, and it will not be forever, as long as I can trust you then you will know every step of this and I hope that you’re not like her. There is so much more that you do not know, but now is not the time to get into all that.”
I frown at him, “like her in what way? If you’re on about up your own arse, then no I’m not like that.”
He laughs awkwardly, “No I don’t mean like that, I know you’re not like that, but I mean after money or would use something against me, she could take half, we have a pre-nup, its complicated but she could take half and she’s a money grabbing cow.”
I sit up, gobsmacked he would think that, “I have my own money, I don’t need yours. I’m not that type of girl Dalton. And yes, you can trust me, with your life.”
He sits up and is face to face with me, “good,” he smiles kissing me softly. I lie back down, cuddled into him stroking his soft skin. Relaxed and all played out I fall asleep.





























Chapter 7

I awake the next morning with a smile on my face as if I slept with a hanger in my mouth. I roll over to find a sexy naked Dalton, still fast asleep next to me. 
I was half expecting him to leave and sneak out through the night but he didn’t, I’m glad he didn’t because it’s such a nice feeling waking up next to him.
I tickle his nose gently and watch him twitch, trying to slap away the slight irritation as he sleeps. Giggling quietly, I run my finger over the tip of his nose. Suddenly he wakes and looks at me. “Morning,” he mumbles sleepily, his eyes flicking adjusting to the light.
“Morning, ummm, do you want some breakfast?”
He looks at me, “I don’t normally eat breakfast at home, as normally it’s a trip to Starbucks.”
“Well we can go to Starbucks if you want?” I roll on top of him and kiss him, this man is so irresistible. 
He looks up at me, “well, I could think of something else I’d rather have for breakfast,” the twinkle in his eye sparkles with such seduction that I know exactly what he wants for breakfast.
I quickly hop off, “no way, no, you’ll get me all excited and I’ll want to stay in bed and just have sex, eat rubbish and watch TV.”
He pulls me back on to bed playfully, “well I’m sure we can have a quickie.” He playfully tickles me; I’m still naked from last night, I feel exposed!
I pull away laughing playfully, “no way, I’m not getting all naughty with you now, we have work besides, I don’t think the boss likes it when I’m late,” I wink cheekily at him.
He gives a slight smirk and with a huff he gets out of bed and heads in the shower, pulling me in with him. 
The hot water runs between us as he lathers me with the soap. I have never had someone touch me like this before. I forget he is my boss and think of him as nothing but mine. He is my sexy man who is showering with me before I have to go to work. It’s that simple.
As we finish our shower and start getting ready for work, my dream bubble bursts and it’s back to reality. He isn’t my boyfriend, he is a married man! Okay so he told me his story but it still doesn’t change the fact he has a wife at home.
I stand still in the bedroom staring at myself in the mirror wondering if I have just made a huge mistake.
I feel his arms wrap around me, he looks at my reflection, “what’s wrong.”
My hands go over his, “I don’t know if I am making a mistake with you.”
He pulls back and turns me to face him, “no you’re not. I know this is not the ideal situation, but I will get out of this hell hole of a marriage and we will be together.”
“But, I’m the mistress,” I look down in shame, “we’re not a couple, I’m just the office girl you are shagging. You cannot promise me we will be together.”
He lifts my chin softly, “that’s not who you are at all and I can promise you we will be together. I see you as my girlfriend, not a mistress and I would like you to see yourself as my girlfriend. We just have to keep it hush for now.”
“So, I’m your secret girlfriend?” I smile.
“Oh I love it when you say it like that, sounds so naughty,” he winks grabbing my bum and kissing me.
I grab his bum back and he groans slightly, “well, I have to go. I’m always the first in the office and if we start arriving together people are going to talk, so maybe we should just carry on with things as normal for now.”
His eyes sadden, “yeah I guess we should. I hate it has to be like this but one day, it will all be different.”
I place my hand softly on his face and stroke his cheek, “I know, but let’s be happy right now knowing I have you and you have me.”
We both leave the apartment separately and head off to work. I hail a cab and head straight to the office, no diverts and no breakfast. Shit!
I’m going to be starving in about an hour if I don’t eat something but now I don’t have time to stop. I quickly whip my phone out and text Dalton.

Hi, if you’re going to Starbucks on your way into the office can you grab me a latte and something for breakfast. Thanks Aurelia.

I keep it formal just in-case his wife checks his messages. I have no idea what kind of access she has or even if she is with him, I’m not sure he’s even gone home.
 As the cab pulls up outside, I see a familiar woman stood outside the doors. Oh no! It’s his wife!
“Mrs West?” I call out to her. She turns slowly, lowers her sunglasses and looks at me, “you’re here early, can I help you?”
She looks me up and down as if judging me, “well I’m looking for my husband, I would assume he was here as this is where he always bloody is.”
“Oh he’s never here this early; I’m the one who opens up. You can come wait upstairs into the offices if you like.” Great, why did I just do that, invite the crazy rich wife upstairs to the office. Stupid move!
She gives a slight forced smile and then follows me up. The building is always locked as Dalton owns the entire thirteen story building. The janitor locks up when he leaves and I open up in the mornings.
Dalton wants to hire a security guard and night watch but I have said there is no point wasting money. The building contains no valuables, money or anything like that. It is simply offices; all thirteen floors are part of his company. We have CCTV monitored constantly by their CCTV Company and the building is always secure.
As both of us get in the lift and the doors close, we stand there side by side in awkward silence. She stares forward annoyingly chewing on her gum as the lift goes to the top floor, this feels like the longest time anyone has ever spent in one lift.
I look as the dial goes to each floor, begging in my head for it to go faster, but instead my phone beeps, it’s Dalton. 

I got you a Starbucks, very formal message, I see what you’re doing, no need to hide, she doesn’t look at my phone and I delete what I don’t want her to see, I’m not that stupid, trust me. Almost at the office, thinking of you naked in the shower and it’s making my dick hard. Dalton x

I freeze and go bright red. I look over and she is still stood there looking forward as the lift pings and the doors open. Hiding my phone, terrified she will see the message, I quickly move passed her and head straight to my office, my heart thumping with nerves.
I shut the door behind me and type as fast as I possibly can,

Your wife is here!

Just as I hit send she comes in, “umm his office is locked and I want to get in there.”
I look over and then back at her, “well yeah his office is always locked. He is the only one with the key, sorry.”
She plonks herself on the chair in-front of my desk and huffs, “well I guess I will just have to wait here then, won’t I?” 
Well this is awkward; the wife of the man I am technically having an affair with is sat in my office and will not leave. I stand there not knowing what to do with myself even though this is my bloody office, twisting my fingers around each-other, tension building in the room as I feel more and more awkward every second she is in here.
“So, have you been here long?” She asks fiddling with her long manicured nails.
“Umm yeah, I was here when the last owner had it, and now Dal....” I stop myself, shouldn’t refer to him by his first name, isn’t that a give away? “Mr West has the business, it can function again, I love it here.”
“Boring,” she huffs, “look I don’t really care about you or your poxy job, it’s beneath me. I just thought I’d say something because the silence was annoying and to be honest it was irritating me.”
“Well, if the silence is annoying you maybe you should come back later,” I grit my teeth through a false smile trying not to say things I shouldn’t, who does she think she is?
“Excuse me Miss Nobody, but this is my husband’s building and therefore technically mine, so I will wait wherever I want to, don’t you have some work to do? Your face is irritating me!”
What a jumped up snobby bitch! First she tries to make small talk and then she tells me I’m beneath her?  She hasn’t made anything of herself, she lives off Daddy and Dalton, who is she to judge someone like me who is hard working and good at what I do.
This company is technically hers? What has she done to turn it over? Spending money and looking like an expensive hooker is not a fucking achievement. 
I want to smack the smug look right off her over tanned face how dare she judge me, but I can’t. I have to be professional; I have to keep my distance. If I start getting riled up things may come out f my mouth that shouldn’t.
Biting my tongue and giving a false smile, “excuse me, I have work to do,” I head out of the office to scan and copy some documents. 
I see her sat there tapping her feet and fussing about like a bored child waiting for something entertaining, huffing and puffing like a dragon!
 The lift pings in the office, as people begin to walk out and begin their day and finally I feel less awkward, finally I’m not alone with her. More people around instead of just me and her and the annoying silence that fills the air.
Deb approaches me as she struts in the office, “Oh my, is that the bosses wife again in your office?” I nod at her, carrying on with my scanning, “Oh my, I heard she once cheated on him with several guys in an orgy.”
I look at Maddison and then back at Deb; did I just hear her right? “Oh my god, you being serious? When you did hear that?”
“Some guy I was doing a while back knew the boss when he took over. She hangs around at some bar and basically shags them in the loo.”
“In the loo? Surely that’s not true!” Yes she looks like she could shag anything that moves but she’s married and after what Dalton has said, there’s much behind their marriage, would she dare cheat? 
“Yeah, some of the guys do her regularly, I once heard that she done three guys in the men’s restroom, one after the other,” she swings her back around and smirks, “classy huh?” she laughs as she heads off to her desk.
I stand and stare at her; if she’s cheating then surely he can get out of his marriage? I mean, someone with money must have a pre-nup and a ‘no cheating’ clause. But then again, when he entered into the marriage wasn’t she the one with all the money? Fuck my head is spinning! 
Just as I begin to walk back to my office I feel a pull on my arm being dragged into the little side office, “ouch,” I wince as I look and see Dalton hiding in the dark, “what are you doing,” I whisper looking around to see if anyone has noticed Dalton’s sly pull of me.
“Why is she here? Has she said anything to you? For fuck sake why does she have to bloody be here, cant she fuck off just once, what has she said,” he whispers back clearly annoyed and panicking as he is handing me my Starbucks.
“No she hasn’t said anything to me so calm your fucking pants will you,” I look over, “look she’s just sat there doing nothing, you didn’t go home last night remember so she’s probably here wondering where you’ve been all night, I know I would be.”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right, fuck I don’t want her here, I was going to come in and fuck you on my desk.”
I almost spit my coffee out, “that’s something you shouldn’t be saying in here, people can fucking hear you. And by the way, this,” I point to both him and me and the room, “looks dodgy and so does the whispering so surely if you don’t want gossip I suggest we get out of here and stop acting like two people who have something to hide or some sort of secret.”
He huffs and doesn’t say another word. He storms towards my office as I stand and watch, he grabs her by the arm and then drags her into his office, this looks like it’s going to blow up!


























Chapter 8

Sitting in my office with the door closed I can hear them talking, the blinds are drawn so I cannot see in, if only I could be a fly on the wall right now. Pretending to work, I eavesdrop on their conversation. I know I shouldn’t but I can’t help myself!
“Well where were you last night? I called you but your phone was off!” She snaps.
“I told you I had to work, you coming to my office stopped me from doing things that I needed to do I told I was busy and you fucking came here anyway. Besides why does it matter where I was? Do I fucking go on at you and where you are whilst you’re out at bars fucking other guys?”
I gasp in shock, covering my mouth with my hand as to not give away I am right by the door in my office listening. Oh my god? He knows she shags around and yet he does nothing about it? I would have left ages ago if I knew that, wait, what am I saying, he is cheating on her with me!
“Oh please,” she laughs, “I haven’t fucked anyone, I go to bars for good fun because I don’t fucking get any of that at home do I.”
“Yeah right,” he snaps, “you think I’m fucking stupid Maddison? People talk and I’ve even seen it for myself, you taking men into the bathroom when I have come looking for you at fucking three in the morning. 
“So what, you cannot prove any of those things, maybe if you gave me some dick once and while I wouldn’t crave someone else’s would I.”
“Gave you some dick? Are you for real, I know what you do Maddison whether you think I do not or not and after you’ve shagged every fucking guy that has lived in New York there is no fucking way I’d want my dick anywhere near you.
Look I don’t have time for this right now, I have new billboards to get ready and new campaign to get under way.”
“Oh I know baby,” her voice softens sending shivers down my spine, “I just missed you is all, I want you home. I can do nice things for you at home. I didn’t meant to shout at you baby, you know the only dick I want is yours.”
At that moment I imagine her flirting with him, seductively rubbing her finger across her breast or licking her lips. What if she is pushing her body against his, or something that may drive him to want her? I want to stop listening but I can’t.
“Go home Maddison, I don’t have time for you or your games today and I will be home when I fucking get home.”
“Fine,” she shouts as she storms out of his office slamming the door behind her.
I quickly jump back to my desk put my head down and make out as if I have been working. In the lift she goes and I no longer have to see her, well at least for today anyway.
Looking over into Dalton’s office, the blinds are now open between us and can  I see him staring out of the window, he looks troubled, pissed off and annoyed.
I pick up some paper-work and a pen and head in there as if I need him to sign things, keeping up appearances that he is nothing more than my boss. I cannot sit there and look at his face like that. I close the door behind me, “is everything okay?”
“Not really no,” he taps his finger on the window, “That fucking bitch coming in here telling me she wants my dick, she doesn’t want my dick, she wants to fucking trap me is what she wants, I know her game, I wouldn’t have sex with her if I was the last man on earth, and to top it all off I want to walk over there grab you and kiss you but I can’t, I need you in my arms so badly right now, to make this anger go away. I want that vile fucking bitch out of my life but it’s not so easy.”
“I heard you both shouting, probably everyone in the office did to be fair” I pause for a moment and stare at him slightly intrigued; “you know she sleeps with other men don’t you? I mean, I heard you say it to her so you must know what she does behind your back.”
He turns and looks at me placing his hands in his pockets, “of course I know, I’m not stupid.”
“I best not be a revenge tactic Dalton, someone to shag and get back at her, to be used as a weapon whenever you see fit.”
He goes to walk towards me but stops himself, “of course not” he murmurs, “you are my girlfriend. I know but I can’t prove it, when I see it and ask guys about it they deny knowing what they saw, they hush up and disappear, no doubt paid off by daddy.”  I look at him confused, he looks at me with a heavy face, “if she is caught cheating, I get half of her father’s assets, if I am caught cheating, she gets half of mine for life. Now you know why it’s so damn difficult and why everything has to be hush whilst what I am doing goes through. Not that I want half of her father’s company,” he looks at my expression, still clearly confused, “long story, I will tell you when the time is right.”
I put the paperwork on his desk and hold out a pen “just play along,” he walks over and pretends to sign as I point, “If you were out all night then surely she will catch on. She may someone follow you.”
“That’s true,” he continues, “but she has to be smarter than me first. I have people who will cover me and I even have a man who looks like me walk around so, trust me, she isn’t as clever as you think. Money doesn’t buy you brains.”
“No,” I smirk, “but I guess it does buy you a husband and his property.”
He looks hard at me, “is that a sly dig at me?”
“No, not a dig, I guess I’m just being....to be honest I don’t know, this is one hell of a mess and I seem to be caught up in the middle of a war that is about to erupt.”
“I know, but please just bear with me,” he again looks deeply at me, I see the ‘I want to kiss you’ look in his eyes but he stops himself.
I take the paperwork from his desk and head back to my office, casually strolling as if nothing has happened.
My computer pings, it’s Deb:

Deb – Sales
Well that shouting was enough to kick start the day, lots of drama unfolding with princess bubblegum. Oh and oh my god! See the new fitty down in HR? I mean YUMMY

I giggle at her message, princess bubblegum? I would have called her something worse than that I assure you. I know she will be trying to get on the new guy as soon as possible. She loves a new challenge or a new man in the office. I think secretly Deb is a sex addict, the woman cannot get enough:



Aurelia – P/A
Princess bubblegum, I would have gone with New York bike but I guess we can call her that, although she isn’t a princess and no I haven’t seen him, I have been doing that thing called work all morning, you know?


Deb – Sales
Oh please! As if you’re doing work, you’re dreaming of having the boss between your legs. I see the way you look at Dalton; you would jump on that guy’s dick given the chance!

Aurelia – P/A
Your choice of words is amusing lol, I do not know what you are referring to.

I see her head pop up from her desk, her slight ‘stop lying’ smirk

Deb – Sales
Okay, well I will let you live in denial :) I’m going to do some ‘work’ as you call it.

I laugh, not living in denial. I wish I could tell her but as much as she would probably keep the secret, I cannot risk it. Besides, it feels kind of nice having a naughty little secret. Being the boss’s secret girlfriend, it’s thrilling and exciting.
I carry on with my work, adjusting the new billboard for the new perfume and organising a launch party for the upcoming brand. 
I have planned an evening of extravagance. A ball type evening with displays of the perfume that all the women can sample and put on. The logo across the front of the entire hall, black tie and ball gowns, it’s going to be an epic evening. 
Dancers and circus performers dangling from the high ceilings in cages, can’t wait to see my creation come to life.
I’ve managed to book the hall and sort all that out, I want the whole company to enjoy the work we do, and it’s not fair for just the higher end of the people to go. I decide to send an email to the whole office.

From: Aurelia Rhodes
To: All Employees’ 
Subject: Launch Party

Hey Guys

Advertising Development Ltd is having a black tie event for the new launch of Elsie and Steve Burch’s new perfume range, Heavenly Woman.

Everyone is welcome; the dress is ball/evening gowns for the ladies and black ties for the guys. 

This is an extravagant event all; I hope you all make it. Tickets will be required, these will be printed shortly. Anyone who wants one let me know.

Thanks

Aurelia – P/A and Admin Assistant.

The day has flown by, being so busy with all this work. I cannot wait to go home, sink into my comfy sweat pants, eat fat food and watch a crappy film. It’s just what you need after a long day in the office.
As I am finishing for the day, my messenger pings. I look and see its Dalton. Every time I get a message from him, nerves and butterflies flutter away in the pit of my stomach.

 Dalton – CEO
Hey gorgeous, 
Can you stay behind for a bit? I need to speak to you?

What could he want to speak to me about? He has barely spoken to me all day, well except when he came in the office this morning and briefly when I went in there. Granted he is busy all day I get that but he has completely avoided me, is he doing it on purpose? You know, just keeping up ‘work’ appearance.

Aurelia – P/A
I suppose I could stay behind for a bit, I will wait until everyone has gone first before coming in.

The end of the day is in sight and I kick off my shoes under my desk, push back my chair and breathe for five minutes. I may work in an office and on my bum most of the day but being so busy is exhausting my mind.
As everyone begins to go home, I find myself excited going in to see Dalton. I feel like I miss him even though I work very close to him.
As the last person leaves the office, I feel the excitement once again in hit my insides. I walk casually into his office and sit on the chair in-front of the desk.
His head is buried in paperwork that he barely notices I am there. I cough slight alerting him to my presence; he looks up and beams from ear to ear.
“So, what did you want to talk to me about?” I ask him casually even though I’m excited and nervous.
“I didn’t want to ask you anything, I wanted to see you. I have been thinking about that naked body of yours and it got me excited.”
I almost choke on my own spit, “you got me in here to tell me that basically you have had naughty thoughts when you’ve barely said two words all day?”
He laughs, “well I have been busy you know and I wanted to see you too, not just about the naughty thoughts. I cannot come over tonight, I have to go home and besides, I asked to come in here also because I want you.”
“You want me, right here?” I tap his desk, “bent over gently with you behind me?”
I watch as he gulps and looks at me, “oh yes, that’s how I want you.”
I undo my blouse, “my breasts ache for your touch,” I run my finger over the top of them as he watches, “Mmm, I bet your hands would feel so good grabbing these.”
His eyes light up and he rubs himself through his tight fitted pants, he wants me, I see his mouth go dry as it drops open. 
He gets up from his chair strolling towards me undoing his fly as I slowly undo my blouse; he grabs me, holy fuck. Passion and excitement surges through me, I’m so wet I want him now.
His eyes are seductive, that look that draws me into him, he’s going to take me, right here, right now!






Chapter 9

I roll over in my bed awaking to the sounds of New York traffic below my open window. Flashbacks of our steamy office romp are fresh in my mind. It’s Thursday, I hate Thursday’s. It’s the busiest day of the week when all the new prints have to go out ready for Friday. 
Thankfully I am not in work this weekend, new thing; no-one works at weekends anymore as the office is closed. I have to say, even if I wasn’t having a secret affair with the boss, he really is a good one.
I guess I am biased though, everything he does I think is amazing, his work ethic and just who he is, but then again, I am sleeping with him so to me he doesn’t really do anything wrong, for now.
I start getting ready for work but not before I check to see if he has messaged me, which he hasn’t. Why hasn’t he? Am I being a bit of a bunny boiler expecting him to and then getting pissed off when he doesn’t?
I know he went home last night to his wife, did he sleep with her? Did he do lovely things with her? My mind can go crazy thinking about that sort of stuff.
I know I should believe he wouldn’t do that, after what he said to me but still doubt has a way of easing its way into my mind. I wonder if they sleep in the same bed? 
Going mad with the creeping doubt, I decide to text him, just to settle my nerves and hopefully see if he will give away where he is or what he is up to, 

Hey,
Going to Starbucks, would you like the usual?

I get ready as normal chucking on a long skirt with a fitted bodysuit underneath, hair tied up and minimal make-up. He texts back almost immediately.

Yes please. 

That’s it? Yes please? That seems cold and doesn’t give away anything. He normally signs off his texts with his name and kiss but no, nothing!  Why is he being so strange? Or am I being paranoid? I don’t text back, I cannot think of anything to say. If I do I’m afraid I will throw accusations at him. 
I don’t want to start the day with an argument, not that we really argue but my constant doubting him will surely lead to one eventually.
I hail a cab, stop at Starbucks grab two coffees and then go straight into the office. I see Dalton is already sat there in his office, lights on and head deep in paper work. Is this where he has been all night? If he was here first why didn’t he get his own Starbucks?
I walk in casually and plonk his latte down on his desk, making sure he sees I’m clearly annoyed. I don’t even say a word to him as I go to leave, he calls me, “Oh hey, what’s with the stomping?”
“I’m not stomping! There’s your latte,” I point “enjoy,” and go to leave.
“What’s wrong with you?” he asks looking at me slightly frustrated by my actions, what right does he have to be frustrated with me.
“You!” I snap, “Your cold text this morning, no emotion, no nothing and after last night I thought I meant more to you.”
“Aurelia, Maddison and I had a massive argument and I was just a little pissed off this morning, it wasn’t anything personal against you so stop taking it that way.”
“Oh really,” I slam my things on his desk, “nothing personal? You go home to her last night and not one text from you, this morning my mind is going crazy wondering if your fucking her like you did me, if you’re sleeping in the same bed, if you’re whispering sweet things in her ear and now you’re all like ‘Oh we argued,’ bullshit.” So much for trying to keep my cool and avoid an argument, pissed off, I turn on my heel and prepare to storm out. 
He walks around his desk and grabs me before I do “stop thinking like that because that will never happen I will never fuck her and we did argue, not going to lie about a fucking argument. I go home, I sit and watch TV, she nags at me, we argue and then I go to bed and I sleep in the guest bedroom. I am a cold statue around her. I want you don’t you get that.” He kisses me and I immediately pull back, looking around to see if anyone is here.
“People can see you kissing me in here, thought you had to be careful,” I mumble sarcastically. 
“You just don’t get it do you, I don’t want her I want you. Yes it has only been a few months but you and I connect on a level I have never done with her or anyone else.”
I sigh, “for fuck sake Dalton, I don’t know what you do at home do I and it drives me crazy thinking of you and her.”
He goes and shuts the blinds that allow you to look into his office and locks his door, “there is no me and her,” he grabs me and pushes me down on the desk after swiping all of the paperwork onto the floor. 
His hand roughly and fast lifts up my skirt as he pulls my panties aside, before I know it and before my mind can process what he is doing, he is inside me.
His thrust is fast and hard, his excitement and eagerness pulses through his body. I feel how much he wants me. I love this; this rough hard fuck on his office desk is thrilling.
I wrap my legs around him and he pushes deeper inside me, I want to scream but I can’t, people could walk into the office at any moment.
I pull him down by the cuff of his collar and kiss him hard to stop myself from screaming, his passion for more grips him as he pushes me down on the desk, grabbing my legs and pounding me.
My body rubs against the hard wood top of the desk as I grip the ends to stop me from falling off.
My body begins to shudder and my thighs shake with pleasure. He grips my waist and pulls me into him, moaning as he lets go and releases into me.
I lay on the desk, completely breathless as he falls on top of me, pants around his ankles, shirt a mess and red faced.
“Oh my god,” I breathe, “that was, that was. I don’t know what that was.”
“That was me showing how much I want you,” he pants, “you’re my girl.”
“I’m your girl huh?” I mumble repeating his words wanting to hear them again. His girl! He said that, those words are like sweet music to my ears.
He pulls out of me and quickly pulls his pants back up as muffled voices can be heard entering the office. I take my panties off and hand them to him, I feel so naughty! “Keep these in your drawer and know I won’t be wearing panties all day and my fucked pussy smells like you.”
His mouth almost drops to the floor. I give a cheeky smile and pull my skirt down, check the coast is clear and head into my office quickly.
My legs are still shaking, that was quick but exhilarating, I have never been taken like that before. What a naughty office worker I’m turning out to be. Fucked twice in the bosses office, I’m starting to like the new daring me, I would never even think of being like this before I met Dalton.
Emails are coming from the office who wants tickets to the fancy event for the perfume line. I cannot wait, getting all dressed up and heading to some fancy affair, it’s very rare this happens as normally, I just prepare the evening but never go.
I love my job and I love working here but that really used to annoy me, never going to the events after all the hard work I put in.
I guess that can really get you down, never feeling appreciated for the work you do. George and I were really close but I never felt he gave credit for the amount of work I did for him.
Deb pops her head around my door, “oh my god,” she squeaks, “so you know you sent out that email, that new fitty from HR asked me if he could come with me. I tell you, I’m definitely getting some after that party,” she waves a piece of paper in her face as if to cool her, “I tell you girl, he is seriously hot!”
“Deb,” I giggle, “is your mind always on, you know, that? He might just want a date because he’s new and doesn’t really know anyone.”
“Nah honey,” she shakes her finger, “ he definitely wants a bit of my pie and besides when you get to my age sex is the best part.”
I laugh and she laughs with me, her dirty mind always amazes me. She looks at me up and down, “what?” I ask noticing her staring.
“You look, I don’t know....flushed,” she continues to look at me, “oh my god,” she clicks her fingers, “you had sex!”
I jump up and shut the door, “shush will you, people will hear you. And no I haven’t, I’m just warm,” I lie.
At that moment Dalton comes in to my office with a mountain of paperwork in his hands, he looks at Deb and then looks at me and suddenly, there is complete awkwardness.
“Deb, what are you doing in here? Shouldn’t you be working?” Dalton jokes.
“Oh yeah, I am,” she smiles, “just discussing some business, but all done now,” she winks at me and leaves.
“She’s a strange girl that one, I’ve heard she is dating the new guy in HR, although I understand he wouldn’t be the first.”
I look at him, “yeah, every guy likes her,” I look at him and wondering , my mind wanting to know yet again, “Did you like her when you first started?” I blurt out.
He looks up from the paperwork, “she is an attractive woman but no, I liked you and as I got to know you over the months I liked you more and more.”
I try and hold back the smile that wants to beam from ear to ear, kind of look that says ‘fuck yes he picked me,’ but I resist the urge.
“I need these filed and sent to HR, those filed and sent to the design team. I have signed them off, they need to be printed so let’s get that sorted and the party, I read the email of your designs and what you have planned, dancers and things it all looks perfect.” He hands me all the paperwork with his signature on it, “oh and this one,” he holds up, “I’ve signed it but have made editing notes, the billboard needs adjusting, tell the design team to make the necessary adjustments please. “
I look at him with a smile on my face, “not a problem, anything else?”
He smirks at me, he has a naughty sparkle in his eyes, “well I’d like to fuck you again, but I’d settle for the fact I know you’re not wearing panties and they are safe in my drawer with the smell of you.”
I blush and giggle, “well then sir, you’ll be happy to know that I still have the smell of you between my legs and as much as I want to open them for you and have you fuck me on my desk, I have a lot of work to do,” I smirk 
“Sir huh, you know I can see what you’re doing and if you carry on I’ll be taking you in one of the closets, keep up the good work Aurelia” he says louder so people hear him praise me, he winks as he turns his back towards me, gives me a back glance and then leaves. He is so cheeky! He is right though, I am trying to turn him on to the point he cannot hold it anymore and must have me. I have never been a sex mad person, dates I have had and then not really that bothered but I cannot get enough of him, his smell, his touch, his taste, it’s all so addictive I want more.
I feel a slight draft up my skirt; maybe I really should go and buy some panties. Walking around all day after sex with no panties on will become uncomfortable
The day goes by quickly; I forget the issues surrounding me and feel like his girlfriend. But I soon get brought back to reality yet again when his wife calls me, asking me for a ticket to this special event I have planned.
 I cannot say no to her, I have to say yes. What would be my reason for saying no ‘oh sorry you jumped up bitch but I’m fucking your husband so piss off?’ I doubt that would go down very well.
I mean it’s not unusual, wives or husbands are usually always invited to launch parties but I was hoping she wouldn’t come. How did she even know about it? Then again, she is well connected, she probably found out through business connections. 
I try and avoid her, I haven’t given her a ticket or when she asks I just try say I will call her back, I don’t want her there, maybe I can find a way to put her off coming. If I don’t give her a ticket then she won’t be able to attend.
Avoiding her like the plague, I carry on with my work as I am meant to, filtering her calls through to the office so I don’t have to deal with her.
I hope this works, hopefully she’ll fuck off. One can only hope.
















Chapter 10

The night of the party arrives. The last few weeks have flown by so quickly, I actually lost track of some of the days. The new billboards are up, new advertising campaigns and a total media frenzy. I have sent out some samples to the new buyers and the stores and everything seems to be going just how I want them to me.
I have been rushed off my feet, having secret meetings with Dalton both in the office and at my apartment, which have been totally amazing and full of sexual passion I cannot seem to get enough of, and now I get to spend the night with him at a party.
Unfortunately, his wife is coming to. Yep, the witch managed to obtain a ticket and tag along! Not from me, but my avoiding her didn’t quite go to plan as I had hoped, she managed to swindle one out of the staff who was too scared to stand up to her. My fault I guess, I kept filtering her calls to them, I should have just dealt with her myself.
So I will have to keep a ‘professional’ distance. I will have to watch them all bloody night act like a power couple, that’s going to piss me right off!
I feel a bag of nerves; this is the first event I have been to that I have organised. Like I said before, I never normally go to them. 
Everyone has left early to get ready for the event and Dalton and I are the last ones in the office.
“Are you all set for tonight?” I ask him, keeping my distance.
“Yes, everything all set at the venue?”
I nod, “yeah, everyone is there ready for the launch plus there is a party organiser helping me whilst I have to keep my eye on other things, should be a pretty successful night, anyway, I’m going to go home and get ready.”
“Wait,” he calls out leaping from his chair, “I know Maddison is going to be there, but know I am with you.”
“I know you are,” I stroke his face, “but it’s just going to be hard seeing her on your arm and not me, I don’t know how I’m going to cope with seeing that.”
“Aurelia, you and I have been together over a month now; sleeping together for longer I think, I don’t plan on going anywhere or being like anything with her. She is just like a spare part, shit on the shoe you cannot seem to swipe off.”
I laugh, “I know, and yeah the past month or so has been a blast, amazing. I think I really....” but I stop myself. I look at him eyes wide open as my mouth dries, holy shit! I fucking love this man.
“What’s wrong?” he comes closer, putting his softly on my cheek.
I shake my head and smile, “nothing, was just going to say I think I really will be okay tonight.” I lie.
I grab my things as he kisses me softly. His lips on mine make me want more, but I can’t. If I start now I know I won’t be able to stop.
I leave the office, my heart is racing, my palms are sweating and my stomach is swirling, I have never felt like this before, is this love? Is this was love feels like? I cannot love him, it’s only been just over a month, two at the most, and how can you love someone so soon?
I rush home to get ready, trying to put the feelings to the back of my mind. There is no way he feels the same way as I do, it’s just too soon.
Slipping on a long silk evening dress, it has a ruched side with spaghetti straps and a simple yet elegant slit down the right side of my leg.
My hair falls in waves down my back and I pin up the one side. I add some mascara and a pale skin colour lipstick and that’s me done. 
I head to the venue at the grand hotel as the first one from our office to make sure everything goes without a hitch. I have hired organisers to make sure things are done whilst I enjoy the night, whilst also doing some work. God help me, I feel sick with nerves and I have to put up with his snotty nosed wife all night!
The venue looks amazing, fairy lights and white drapes fill the high ceilings and drape down the walls. The dancers and circus performers hang above us at a nice distance, not too close and not too high. The dance floor is lit by a beautiful faint white light as the tables and chairs that surround them are covered in white linen, with silver candelabras and burning candlelight.
“Impressive,” I hear behind me and I turn to see Dalton dressed in a black and white dinner suit, looking sexy as hell. He’s not making this easy.
“Thank you,” I blush, “where’s the dragon queen?”
“Coming along, with her pitchfork,” he smirks amusingly, “by the way, you look beautiful. It’s going to take a lot for me to hold back my urges and not rip that dress off you.”
I feel all the heat flow to my cheeks, I have to resist my urges too, “well Mr West, in that case you’d be happy to know that I’m not wearing any underwear yet again and my loins ache for you, I can feel myself getting wet just thinking about you and looking at you in that suit, well, you’re very irresistible.”
His eyes widen but before he can reply, his witch of a wife appears behind him, “there you are darling,” she gushes annoyingly, “this venue looks fantastic, my clever boy.”
“Actually,” he pushes her away, “this is all her, “he points at me, “Aurelia’s doing, not mine. Very talented isn’t she, has a great eye for detail.”
Her face changes, like she is sucking on a sour grape, “oh, well, I suppose its okay.”
“I have some things I need to do, excuse me.” I smile politely and leave. Why does she have to be so rude? Okay yes I’m fucking her husband but she is fucking half of New York and she doesn’t even know me. I’m being very two faced right now, I’m the mistress after-all, as vile as she is what we’re doing to her is exactly what she is doing to him.
The DJ sets up and starts playing music as the guests arrive, everyone in their formal dress, it looks amazing. The waiters are carrying around the fresh o’dourves as people enter.
“Would you like some of this Miss?” he asks kindly.
I look at the plate and feel my stomach swirl around, “what is it?”
“Goats cheese with water cress and pancetta,” he smiles.
I feel bile rise in my mouth, I shake my head “no thank you I’m okay.” What the hell has come over me, I think my nerves are getting the better of me right now.
“This looks the shit, well done you,” Deb blurts out giving a friendly nudge. Smiling so much her teeth are on show, and I can she is already slightly drunk.
“So I see and how many have you had?”
“Well,” she wobbles slightly, “I had three bottles at home, and this is going to be one hell of a party?”
She leaves and heads to her table, wobbling all the way. I shake my head and giggle, that woman cracks me up!
The Burch’s take their place on the head table next to Dalton and his wife and I head up to the stand on the main stage to kick start the evening’s official launch.
“Good evening ladies and gentlemen.” I stand nervously behind the perch and all eyes are on me, I feel like I am going to throw up, if I imagine them all naked will that make me better? Doubt it, I carry on as all eyes stare heavily at me, “today, we are excited to launch the new perfume Heavenly Woman brought to us by the lovely Mrs Burch.”
She stands as the spotlight shines on her, everyone gives a round of applause, and she soaks up the attention like a dry sponge. This woman craves it, people are snapping her picture and her husband looks on at her adoringly.
I twiddle my thumbs nervously and continue addressing the hundreds of people glaring at me, “the perfume is lightly scented, the sweet smell of love and happiness that draws you in. It’s a smell that is seductive and pulls on you to get closer to the woman wearing it. Everyone will want to smell like her, her daughter will wear it, her husband will not be able to keep away from her. That smell, that sweet seductive smell that captivates you.  Samples of the perfume are available throughout the evening for all the women to enjoy, sorry guys but this is a woman’s perfume,” I smile as they all giggle back at me, “please help yourselves and guys, you will be drawn in. Heavenly Woman for wife and mother, the scent that everyone craves.”
As I finish my speech, a huge poster falls behind me showing the new design of the perfume and advertisement to be pinned on billboards throughout the city.
Everyone stands and gives a round of applause, I bow my head politely “thank you everyone, please enjoy your evening.” They carry on clapping as I head to meet and greet Elsie and Steve.
“Well done girl, the ad is fab, your pre emails before this launch must have done wonders as we have several orders ready,” Steve tells me excitedly; I can practically see the dollar signs in his eyes.
“Well the idea is to get a preview ready in the stores and we took some samples in over the weeks, they are all here tonight and can see the launch and tomorrow there will be big adverts of the new line across the city and in the stores.”
“You are wonderful my dear,” Elsie praises me, “I’m so happy we chose you.”
“Yes, she is very good at her job. I’m thankful I have her and would never let her go,” Dalton tells her but I know he means he ‘has’ me and wouldn’t let me go.
I want to run into his arms and kiss him but I can’t, the fucking bitch is stood right next to him. I begin to feel woozy as the room spins and I feel sick. Nerves really are getting the better of me tonight.
“Are you alright my dear?” Steve asks, his manly tone can barely sound concerned.
“I don’t feel very well if I’m being honest, feel a bit sick,” I hold my belly, “must be the nerves.” Just at that moment the waiter comes by with champagne but the thought of drinking makes me want to vomit. I shake my head, I don’t want any.
“Ha, look at you, what a mess, cannot have a glass of champagne? If I didn’t know any better and not that I give a shit but people will think you’re pregnant, not that anyone would want to have a baby with you?” Maddison digs at me.
“Don’t be so rude young lady, show some respect, didn’t your father ever teach you what manners where?” Elsie snaps at her jumping to my defence.
I blink at her, shocked at her choice of words. “Don’t be daft of course it’s not that, how the hell....” I pause as I see Dalton’s eyes widen, “could I be,” I whisper under my breath realising that in-fact I actually could be. Wait, is this even a possibility?
I have been like this all week and just assumed it was nerves about this whole night, the launch, whether or not they will like it, having to be around Maddison for the evening. I have been so busy I haven’t even noticed if I have missed a period, I don’t even know for sure that I have.
Their eyes are all fixed on me, “not to worry,” I smile falsely, “I just had a rough week, this has been a lot to organise, will you excuse me?”
“Of course dear, you have done wonderful tonight, you shouldn’t worry so much,” Elsie hugs me. Her perfume is making me want to vomit even more.
I head to the reception and ask them if there is a drug store nearby. “Of course Ma’am, are you alright, you look very pale?” The hostess asks politely.
“I umm, I need, a pregnancy test,” I whisper embarrassed. I have to find out now, embarrassed or not I hope she can help me.
She leans over discreetly, “if you like Ma’am, I can send someone to get one for you and have it sent to your room, I can see you are a little bit....I mean, I have been there, awkward when....”
“Uhh, I don’t have a room, I didn’t think of booking one.” My eyes well up, what am I going to do?
“Look, I will put you in a room, we have one available, would you like me to do that for you?” I nod and agree, “Okay, I will charge it to the card you paid for the function hire room and....”
“Thank you” I stop her, “if you could do that and I will sort it when I get back to work, that would be great and make sure no-one sees them. What a mess!”
She smiles at me and hands me a key card. I hurry and leave heading to my room upstairs looking around to make sure no-one from the party sees me. 
I’m praying I am not pregnant and this is simply nerves, or some sort of bug. Please be some sort of bug!
























Chapter 11

Around thirty minutes go by and panic sets in. How the hell did I get in this mess? I mean of course I know how but, I took precautions. I hear a discreet knock on the door, I look through the peep hole and thankfully it’s the hotel hostess. 
As I open the door she hands me a small bag, “I hid it in there so no-one could see, are you sure you’re alright?”
“I don’t know what I am to be honest, how can this be happening, I’m hoping this isn’t what it is,” I hold back tears staring at the bag.
“If it’s any conciliation, I know how you feel, I had the same thing. I will leave you to it; call the desk if you need me okay.”
I nod and smile politely as she leaves. I close the door and I am all on my own in a hotel room about to do a pregnancy test at a works party. Great!
Heading to the toilet to piss on the stick I find myself in an unfamiliar situation as my phone beeps completely distracting me mid-pee. Finished with the stick I place it on the side of the tub face down. I don’t want to look at it, it will be like watching a pot boil, taking forever. 
I look at my phone:

Where are you? I need to see you now! Dalton x

Do I want him here now? No, I need to do this I mean it could be nothing. I don’t want him alarmed over nothing, I don’t even know for sure yet. Three minutes, he can wait three minutes until the result is read out. I’m not sure I can wait three minutes, I’m sweating and breathing heavy ‘calm yourself Aurelia’ I tell myself, I could all be nothing.
I put the timer on my phone and sit there patiently. This is the longest three minutes in history, feels like an hour has dragged by and as I look at the timer it has barely been one minute.
Sitting in silence I drift into a daydream, imagining myself having a blast at the party going on downstairs without me. Finally, the phone bleeps, time is up.
I glance nervously at the stick face down on the side of the tub, I know I have to turn it over but I’m too scared to see the result. I turn the stick over slowly, my hand shaking as I do and there it is clear as a sunny day, a positive pregnancy test. My hands shake more ferociously as I descend into a panic attack, tears fall down my face, how can this happen when I have been taken my contraceptive pill. I never ever miss a day and take it regularly like clock-work. I have been doing so for years, I never ever forget, how can this happen to me?
My phone bleeps again,

Aurelia where are you? Dalton x

I don’t want to see him right now. I am an absolute emotional mess and I know he is going to run a mile. He sounds angry even his texts!
I text him back,

I’m safe and I need to be alone right now, I cannot deal with you, and I know what it is you want to ask being as it was your wife who mentioned it, so yes the answer to the worrying question is I’m pregnant!

I turn my phone off and go and climb into bed. I lie on the bed under the covers still in my evening dress staring at the ceiling. I need a doctor and I need one now. What the hell am I going to do about this?
I pull my miserable self up out of the bed and call the desk, “Reception, Holly speaking.”
“Uhh hi, it’s Aurelia in room two one two,”
“Oh hi, what did it say?” she whispers discreetly.
“Positive, listen I need to get out of the hotel, can you see if my boss is still around?”
“Umm, oh is he the one that came here looking for you not long after you went upstairs, handsome fella, well dressed, seemed to have a wife who by the way extremely bitchy and snobby.”
I roll my eyes, “yep, that’s the one, is he still there?”
“No, he left with that vile woman about five minutes after you went upstairs.”
“Okay” I breathe relief, “I need to sneak out of here. Can you help me?”
“Of course, go down the stairs located to the left of your room, go to the bottom and there will be an escape door, it takes you into the side alley.”
“Thank you so much Holly, I will be back later.” I put the phone down, leave my cell behind and head down the stairs. Very secretive but I cannot risk bumping into anyone.
I get outside and hail a cab. As I sit in the back and think the cab ride seems to take forever, it has like time has completely stopped or slowed down this evening. Everything today seems to feel like that. 
I feel so scared, so nervous and like all the blood is draining from my head. Arriving at the hospital I walk in the doors and feel faint, very faint. I see someone coming towards me but then everything goes black.
I wake up staring up at the white ceiling and nurses around me. “What happened?” My head confused and dazed.
“You passed out as you entered the hospital, can you tell me your name?”
“Yeah, Aurelia Lilly Moss, how long was I out for?”
“Around an hour, you seem okay and alert” the doctor says shining a pen light in my eyes,” your vitals seem normal, we have checked you over and run some tests to see what caused your blackout, did you know that you were pregnant?”
I shake my head, pretending to know nothing about it, “I’m....I’m pregnant?”
“Yes,” the nurse smiles, “it appears you are slightly anaemic, it’s not uncommon in early pregnancy, if you lift your gown and open your legs we will see how far along you are?”
I look at her, “Umm open my legs? Don’t you scan over the belly?”
She giggles “well it may be too early for that so pop your legs open and let’s have a look shall we.”
I do as instructed, embarrassed and feeling completely exposed. The nurse seems on cloud nine as she shoves a large stick covered in a condom right up my vagina, how fucking uncomfortable is that!
“Ah, there we are,” she turns the screen to face me, “there it is, got a good strong heartbeat, nice size embryo and looking at this you’re about six to seven weeks.”
I begin to cry, “But how? I’ve been taking my contraception without fail.”
“Well,” she pulls the camera out, “there is always a small percentage they are not effective, you can always be careful but as you know they are only ninety nine percent effective. I take it this news is not welcoming?”
“It’s a shock that’s for damn sure.”
“There are options,” she advises removing her gloves, “I can give you some leaflets.”
“Options?” I repeat, my voice barely audible.
“Yes, if this pregnancy is unwanted, you are very early, as you are before nine weeks we can look at termination with a pill, it will force a miscarriage and....”
“No,” I blurt out cutting her off, what an awful thing to even consider, “It may not have been planned but I don’t believe in all that.”
“There are other options such as adoption you may want to consider.”
I look at the frozen picture of my tiny peanut on the screen, that’s my baby. I never planned this and my god I’m upset beyond but could I give my baby away? “Thank you but I will need to sort myself out; this is a bit of a shock.”
“Okay,” she smiles, “well you will need to take your prenatal vitamins and I’m going to prescribe you something for the anaemia, you will need to take your vitamins daily, the other pills are a course for two weeks and then you will need to come back for a blood test and check up, you will need a scan in a few weeks to determine your delivery date, we will send for you closer to the time.”
I nod and take the prescription and just before she leaves she looks back at me, “I know it may seem hard, but it is a wonderful gift, motherhood. I hope it goes okay.”
I have a scan picture in my hand of the little peanut baby inside me. The more I stare at it the more I realise I could not give up my own baby. Yeah it’s going to be tough, not to mention the mess, this is Dalton’s baby, but it’s my baby too and it’s my choice.
Putting my clothes back on, I head down and collect my prescription in the hospital and then decide to go back to the hotel. It’s the last place Dalton will look for me. Well, that’s assuming he is looking for me.
I walk into the lobby and Holly is there leaning over the counter in what looks like pure boredom. She sees me and instantly runs over, “oh my god, are you alright, did you go to the hospital?”
“Yeah I did and well, confirmed, I am pregnant, got a scan and she gave me some tablets,” I show Holly the scan picture.
“Bugger, what are you going to do?” she asks seemingly admiring the photo.
“I’m going to keep it, I’ve thought about it but seeing that picture, how can I not? It’s a part of me; I just need to be alone tonight, I cannot deal with the father right now, that’s an argument I simply don’t have energy for.”
She puts a friendly hand on my shoulder, “ I understand that, been in your shoes before but I wouldn’t change my son for the world,” she smiles, “not to worry, I’m here on the night shift so if you need me just ring down.”
“Thank you so much, I don’t know what I would have done without you.”
“It’s nothing,” she shrugs, “I had the same as you. I was sleeping with a guy I knew, just a fling, nothing serious. Anyway, when I found out I was pregnant, I was all alone in a state of shock, when I told him that was the end of us and I’ve never seen him since.”
“Must me hard, you know, doing it on your own,” I mumble.
“Yeah,” she smiles as is pleased or happy about something, “but my boy is my boy. We have an amazing bond and I would never change him, he’s my reason for living. But just because that happened to me doesn’t mean it will happen to you.”
“The guy you saw, my boss and his wife,” she nods as to confirm she knows who I am on about, “the baby is his, so I’m having an affair with my boss, his marriage to the vile woman is questionable and I’m about to have a secret love child.”
Her mouth almost drops to the floor, “bummer, that is a mess, well, hold your head up. You never know how he is going to react, and as for his wife, mate I would have left her years ago,” I laugh at her comment, “there we go, a smile,” she says, “go up to your room and get some rest, remember I’m on the night shift so I’m here if you need me.”
I smile softly and hug her. She has been amazing tonight and just what I needed, a stranger who has turned into a comforting friend. 
I fall on the bed in my hotel room and try to soak everything in.  My mind is swirling, what will Dalton say? What about his wife? Where do we go from here? How am I going to hide this in work?
I pick up my phone and turn it on, messages start coming through all from Dalton.

Aurelia how do you know you are pregnant? It was one test, it could be a false positive, please call me. Dalton x

Aurelia please text me as soon as you switch your phone on. We need to talk and I need to see you, stop avoiding me. Dalton x

Aurelia I am really worried now, call me. Dalton x

The messages are endless but I cannot deal with him right now. I need to get the thoughts in my own head straight first. 
I am the one who is pregnant and this is going on inside my body, it sounds selfish I know because yes he is the father. But this is going to cause an even bigger mess than the mess we are already in.
I will have a very large baby bump at some point, how will I explain that, or even explain who the father is and how is Dalton going to be a part of this with his wife around. The secret daddy that visits on weekends, is that what I want for my baby?
I place my phone down on the side table and set the alarm, I know I have to be in the office tomorrow, Friday, end of the week with a hung over office from the party. I cannot bear to think of anymore right now, facing them tomorrow after I left so suddenly, nightmare!
I close my eyes and with heavy eyes, I fall asleep.















Chapter 12

The office is quiet and there is no-one here but me. The light beams in over the desktops and dust can be seen floating in the sun-light. It looks like the janitor hasn’t been in, hung over too I expect.
I head to my office and to my surprise I find Dalton asleep with his head on my desk, still wearing his clothes from last night.
“What the hell?” I blurt out shocked.
He jumps up, his eyes sleepy and his hair a mess. He looks like hell, “there you are, do you know how worried I have been about you?” He snaps sleepily rubbing his eyes.
“I have had some things I needed to sort out and I didn’t want to speak to you, I needed time by myself to process what was happening.” I hang my coat up and avoid going near him.
“You needed time?” He comes around and stands in-front of me, “I have been trying to get hold of you all night, I went to your apartment, I looked everywhere and finally I came here, you tell me you’re pregnant and then ignore me? What the fuck Aurelia.”
“Don’t start fucking snapping at me okay, I had a shit night too,” I bark, “Yes I am pregnant, I went to the hospital, I fainted and when I woke up I had a scan and they confirmed it, if you must know here,” I slam the scan picture down on the table, “there’s the fucking proof.”
He stands in silence as he stares at the scan picture. He picks it up and holds it in his hand, “I’m going to be a dad,” he mumbles.
“I needed time to accept the fact I am pregnant by a man who is married and I am having a secret affair with and now a fucking secret love child, you snapping at me wasn’t going to make things any easier, god knows what kind of mood you was in last night when you knew, or thought you knew.”
He looks at me, “I’m so sorry, I didn’t think. I was so angry and so confused; I thought you were taking something.”
“I was but it’s not one hundred percent is it, you could have easily worn a condom which by the way you didn’t so it’s not all on me, I don’t know maybe you have super sperm,” I dig, “the point is I’m pregnant and I’m keeping it.”
He looks up, tears stream down his face, “you are?”
“Yes, it’s up to you how you take that but I’m having this baby with or without you.”
He walks forward and takes me in his arms, “you’ll be doing this with me.” He kisses me softly and takes me completely by surprise.
“I don’t get it; I thought you were mad and angry at the whole thing, your texts....”
“I wasn’t mad, well I was angry but mainly I was frustrated I couldn’t get hold of you and had no information,” at that moment we hear the sound of mumbling voices as everyone starts to come into the office.
“Look,” I peer through the blinds lowering my voice, “we cannot argue or talk about this now, maybe you should come over mine tonight but until then lets carry on as normal.”
He nods, “Okay, but if you need anything or something happens you come straight to me okay?”
“Fine, but get out of my office before people start talking,” I grin.
He leaves my office and heads straight to his, I feel slightly relieved that he hasn’t run a smile but there is still a lot to talk about.
As I sit down to answer the emails, Deb walks in, “and where did you get to last night missy? One minute you were there and the next....gone.”
“Morning to you too Deb, didn’t think you’d have noticed being how drunk you were. I wasn’t well so I went home, was everything okay?”
She beams, “Oh it was fucking amazing, so I took the HR guy home and that was mind-blowing and everyone raved about the party, you did well,” she winks.
“Well I’m glad you all had fun, and are you wearing man’s clothes,” I look at her attire, a white collared shirt and black pants.
She laughs, “Well yeah, haven’t been home yet have I was up having some wild animal sex, anyway, best go do some work.”
I shake my head and laugh as she leaves my office floating on cloud nine, must have been some good sex, then again she always looks like that. 
My emails are full of praises about the party and the live adverts that went live this morning. Everyone is pleased and as the new stock arrives in the stores it’s flying off the shelves, nice to know something I done was successful.
I start thinking about George randomly in my head. The guy had an affair and lived the highlife and it all came crashing down, and now I’m the one who is having the affair with the boss, not to mention the secret love child!
My messenger pings distracting me from my own mind:

Dalton – CEO
Mother of my child, I know it’s soon, like really soon but I’m glad it’s happening. 

I smile from ear to ear. I wanted all night to hear he was happy with this. I had feared so much since talking to Holly that he was going to run, just like the father of her child had done. I reply:

Aurelia – P/A
I’m glad about it too, I was so scared I had to hide away. But we have a little baby on the way. Just so you know this wasn’t on purpose.

Dalton – CEO
I know we do and I know it wasn’t which gives me 9 months to get things sorted. I have a plan, don’t worry. It’s not going to take that long, things are happening faster than I expected :) You have given me the courage I need to get things rolling a lot faster

He has a plan? What is he going to do? He cannot just divorce her surely? I’m excited and worried all at the same time. What does he mean faster?

Aurelia – P/A
Tell me? 

Dalton – CEO
Well I have actually bought the shares from my father that he held in Maddison’s father’s company. My father put them up already and I bought them. 

Aurelia – P/A
I don’t understand, why would your father put up his shares of your father-in-laws company after he went through all that effort to get it?

Dalton – CEO
Because the company is on the verge of collapse, Maddison doesn’t know it yet but daddy is bankrupt, once I buy the rest of the company, it’s sorted. Will tell you more later, will see you about 7.

Aurelia – P/A
No worries. See you later.

I cannot wait to hear what he has to say about all this, I’m intrigued as to how her father’s company is on the verge of collapse when business seems to be thriving. I guess all will be revealed.
How can someone as rich as him be in so much debt? It’s an intriguing question and one I’d love to know the answer to.
I pack up my desk and head home. I want tonight to be romantic, candles and a nice dinner, I feel excited as if it were a first date. Like a shy girl wanting the romance of a lovely novel, the man to come in and whisk me off my feet.
I lay the candles out and slip into a comfy dress. I feel my stomach swirl slightly and before I can stop it I’m throwing up. I haven’t been sick all day, I hope this doesn’t start happening in the office, people will begin talking. I’m not ready for anyone to know yet.
I brush my teeth and try to get rid of the nasty foul taste in my mouth. As my mouth lathers with minty toothpaste, I hear a tapping at my door.
I open it and see Dalton stood there with an enormous bunch of flowers, “oh my god they’re beautiful,” I squeak.
“Blossoming flowers for the blossoming mother to be,” he grins as he walks in and kisses me softly.
We both head over and sit on the couch; he pours himself a wine and comfortably leans back and relaxes.
“You seem at ease, now do you want to tell me what’s going on?”
He smirks at me and leans forward, “eager for information Miss Moss,” of course I am, can’t wait any longer, he shifts and looks at me, “well, remember how I told you about my father and her father using money to keep me married to her?” I nod in agreement, “well, turns out over the past few weeks, someone I know has given me info and documents showing the company is in debt.”
“Maddison’s father is in debt? Is it a lot?” I ask intrigued.
“A hell of a lot. He cannot afford to pay the suppliers anymore and some have even filed against him for payment. So, my father put his share up, not knowing I can see this stuff so I bought it, that’s what I have been doing the past few weeks. The share is worthless but now my father has no hold over me as I also pulled out of his company by selling my share to a friend.”
I smile, “clever, but if the share is worthless and he is in debt, why would you buy it? Are you not losing money?”
“No, he is in debt but the company itself is profitable if run correctly. So, now that, that is announced, its directors have put an offer out to save the company, and I have placed a buy on it.”
“Wait you bought it already?” I almost spit my drink out.
“Yep,” he grins, “my legal team are currently finalising it and Monday I will be announced as the new CEO. I told you I had a plan Aurelia and that plan is coming together nicely, they were saying it was going to take months but all day I have been on the phone sorting this and managed to push it through, it’s amazing how money can get you what you want.”
I look confused, “not to sound nosey, but how, I mean....”
“How can I afford it?” I shrug at his question, but yeah, how can he? “well,” he leans forward, “for years I have been putting money in separate accounts, last year I netted one point two billion, in the last few months since taking over Advertising Development Ltd, with the new clients on board, I have netted six point seven million, so trust me, I’m doing well.”
“Holy fuck,” I blurt out, “you’re a fucking billionaire? No wonder you’re keeping it hush about me and you. Imagine she gets her hands on half of that.”
“Exactly, now you see why I was in such a predicament.”
I nod, “indeed I do, but how is her father in so much debt? Apparently he is one of America’s wealthiest men.”
“Done your research I see,” his eyebrow arches impressed at my investigative skills, “her father is very greedy, he doesn’t know my father has sold his shares yet, he doesn’t know that I have those shares either and he doesn’t know that I have brought the business.”
“Well I can see that going down like a treat, but surely Maddison is entitled to half the money earned from the sale of the property, especially since you’re her husband and she can take half from you.”
“All will be revealed,” he winks at me, “you don’t have to worry about her.”
“I cannot believe this is happening so quickly, and you, all that money?”
“Yep,” he grins pleased with himself, “so with each sale from properties I have bought and sold on, this is just another one in the bag, but what’s really going to piss them off is I’m not selling it, I’m going to keep the company and reinvent it. I’m no longer part of my father’s company at all, the shares I had, although small I have sold to a friend, whom he will also find out Monday and I have bought Maddison’s father’s company, don’t you get it? We’re free.”
I jump on to his lap, “well not just yet, still few things to sort,” he smiles at me and his eyes twinkle, staring into them I get lost in him. “I love you,” I blurt out.
























Chapter 13

Oh my fucking god, I cannot believe I just blurted that out! My face goes bright red and I try to hide away. Sliding off his lap and retreating to the other side of the couch, me and my big mouth!
He is looking at me not saying a word, oh no, I’ve scared him away haven’t I? Shit, I should just run away now, go whilst I still have some dignity. I lower my head, hiding my embarrassment.
“I love you too,” he whispers.
I look up at him; a small smile appears on my face, “really? You do?”
He shimmy’s over to me, “of course I do, and now that you’re pregnant, I love you even more, it’s as if someone blessed me and I got you” his hand gently caresses my tummy.
The man I love is sat caressing my tummy as our baby grows inside. I yearn for this man, I want him with me always and every time I see him leave and go home my heart breaks. Is this what real love is? This feeling that will not escape me?
“Can you stay with me tonight? I don’t want to be on my own without you, I just want to lie with you” I murmur placing my hand over his.
“I can’t, I have to go home. Until Monday when I get notification all this is final, I have to keep up appearances, but I will be home thinking of you.” He kisses me softly and gets up to leave.
“Wait, you’re leaving already?”
“Yes, I have to.”
I look at him to say ‘fine leave me on my own then,’ and go into a mood. I hate this, okay I know it isn’t for long but surely he can spend more time with me? 
“Don’t look like that,” he strokes my cheek, “I don’t want to leave you, I have to for now, as from next week it will all be different.”
Will it be different or is he just saying that to keep me happy? I need to stop worrying so much; of course he isn’t like that. If he was he wouldn’t be telling me his darkest secrets of all the plans he has going on.
I lean in and kiss him so seductively, hoping that the kiss makes him want to stay. He grabs me and pushes me against the door. I feel myself throb for him; he lifts up my dress as he grips my leg and rips my panties off.
“Take me please,” I beg him.
“Take you,” he murmurs, “I’m going to take you and fuck you as you stand so breathtakingly before me.”
Oh my! My inner voice screams with pleasure as his hard erection pushes inside me taking my breath away. He thrusts into me hard and deep, I have to bite my lip to stop from screaming the apartment down. 
“Oh fuck,” he moans into my hair as he thrusts harder, “I’m going to come, you feel so fucking good.”
I feel myself about to let go, the excitement and the thrill of the fast fuck gets to me, “I’m going to come,” I moan and with that he thrusts harder, my arse slams against the door as he comes deep inside me.
My legs are shaking and he holds me against the door, panting trying to get his breath back, “fuck me Aurelia, you are too tempting to resist.”
“Glad to know Mr West, you are insatiable, I love the feeling of you fucking or making love to me.”
He giggles and puts me down, doing up his fly and I know he is about to leave. “It will be me and you soon, you will see.” He kisses my forehead and leaves. I feel like I want to burst into tears, I must really love this man. I have never felt this way about anyone before.
He came over for barely an hour, fucked me and now he has just up and left me. For fuck sake why does it piss me off, I’m carrying his child, I should believe I’m the one he wants, not her!
Deciding to relax, I go into the bathroom and run a hot bath. I want to sink down into it and for a moment, forget all the craziness that is going on right now.
I never knew Dalton had so much money. He must hide it well because he doesn’t have extravagant cars or flashy jewellery; he is quite simply down to earth. I would think a billionaire would have something to show all of that, in all fairness though his house could be extravagant and over the top, but I wouldn’t know as I’ve never been there!
I sink into the bath and my phone goes interrupting the peace and quiet I was hoping for:

I love you my blossoming girl and that fuck still has my dick tingling, I could take you again. Tomorrow night I will be with you, if you need anything, let me know. Forever yours, Dalton xx

Tears stream down my face as that is the most romantic text I have ever received in my life, and slightly dirty. I have no idea why it has made me cry, I guess its hormones.

Mommy and peanut are having a bath, waiting for Daddy to come fuck mommy tomorrow. I love you xxx

I enjoy a peaceful evening to myself knowing that he will be home in my arms tomorrow. So much has happened so quickly but I know I love this man and I never want to let him go.
I open my eyes to a sunny Saturday morning and the sounds of the weekend busy traffic below. The city s never quiet, not even on a weekend, but I love it. 
I get up and look out of the window, breathing in the city air with a smile across my face. My world is perfect right now, my man loves me, we have a baby on the way, how much happier could I get?
I look at my phone and there is a text from Dalton, it came through an hour ago, my god that’s early.

Spoke to lawyer today, divorce papers drafted up and all the sales have gone through. Just what I wanted, Monday we will go ahead with the planned announcement, off to gym for a quick session, will see you soon. I love you. Dalton xx

Stood wearing nothing but my pants and vest top, I smile and jump for joy, divorce papers, sales all done, announcement Monday, this is going to be amazing. Everything seems to be so perfect and falling into place, I feel like the luckiest girl in the world, what could possibly go wrong?
I open my door and pick up the local paper that is delivered to our apartment doors every day. The front line reads in big block letters:

CEO of Hunt Construction Ltd Suffers Financial Issues

Oh my god it’s in the paper? I thought this was a private issue. I flick open the page to read what is says, intrigued by the gossip that has seemingly spread throughout the media.

....CEO David Hunter of Hunt Construction Ltd has come under fire for the companies increasing debt. The company is said to be facing financial difficulty after a number of employees and suppliers were not paid for their services last month.
It comes as news to the business world that CEO David Hunter is under pressure from his board members to sell before the financial crisis reaches an all time high.
We asked the company for comment however this was declined. An employee has come forward and stated ‘the place is a mess. I haven’t been paid for two months but someone has said in the office that it is up for sale, I have a family, a mortgage and David doesn’t seem to care, I hope the new owner will help us’
Rumours have surfaced that the company has already been sold off after its partner pulled out. We have yet to confirm who the new owner will be if there is one and.....

It goes on and on about the company and the rumours of the so called take-over, how they started, what profits they made and how they think he has gotten into debt. I quickly pick up my phone and text Dalton:

Have you seen the front page of the news today? I thought this was a secret?

If this has gotten out does that mean Maddison knows? Does she know Daddy is in some serious money trouble? And if she does divorce Dalton doesn’t she get half of everything anyway? I’m so confused.
He immediately responds:

Yeah I saw it, someone on the board must have opened their mouths, not to worry though, it will all be dealt with Monday, by the way, open the door!

I run and open the door to see Dalton stood there, sweaty and wearing his gym gear. “Are you going let me in,” he smirks. I move aside and wave him in, “I cannot believe it was in the paper this morning, I was hoping to keep it quiet.”
“Well obviously someone is upset by the whole thing; I guess your wife knows now.”
“She’s not my wife,” he grunts annoyed, “she’s a thing living in my house and a legal piece of paper says I’m joined to her, but yes she knows now, and she has been on the phone all morning asking why my father has pulled out.”
“Does she know anything else?” I ask him looking at the paper.
“No, she is furious my father has pulled out and well her dad is furious at that too, he wants me to be there when the new owner is announced.”
I laugh, “Well that’s surely going to be interesting isn’t it. I’d love to see the look on his face and her face when they find out it’s you.”
“You will, because you will be there by my side one when I tell them and two when I hand Maddison the divorce papers.”
I cough, “excuse me; you want me to be there? Umm, isn’t that going to make it worse? She’s already going to take you for half, surely with me....”
“Half?” he laughs, “Aurelia, my money is well hidden and my documented accounts show nothing more than hundred thousand if that.”
“Isn’t that illegal?” I frown.
“Oh yes, but you see, I’m not going to give her anything and as for alimony,  my lawyer has drafted up documents showing she earned more than me, which is a lie, and the lifestyle was down to her father, not my money, it’s all very complicated stuff but trust me, it will be fine.”
“I don’t get it, are you supposed to pay her alimony? Isn’t that what happens in a divorce?”
“No, it’s not always down to the man to pay alimony,” he sighs, “thank god, her money earned far outweighs mine in the time we were married, plus her lifestyle came from her father’s money not mine. The money I earned with my father went to my father and I drew a reasonable salary, nothing massive but enough to keep me going but it was nothing compared to what Maddison got from her father. Over the years of course I have had money hidden away, but my accounts show Maddison earned far more money than I did in the years married, so no I owe her nothing and my lawyers will make sure of that.”
Well I can see this is going to be an epic showdown, I understand what he is saying, his billions are hidden for now and he has accumulated that money over so many years, why should he have to give it to a money grabbing whore who received a salary just for being someone’s daughter. I doubt this is going to end pretty. 
I can just imagine her now, throwing things, stamping, screaming and her father? Well, I’ve never met him. But I’m betting he is a Grade A dick!
“I’m going to go take a shower,” he smirks, “fancy joining me?”
I bite my lip and smile, “hmmm getting all wet with you, now that does sound tempting.”
I throw my clothes off and run into the bathroom giggling, Dalton not far behind me. My naked man in the shower, I wonder what it going to happen here, of course I already know, I’m going to have a steamy hot sex session and this time he won’t be leaving straight after it.























Chapter 14

I open my eyes; it’s cold and strangely quiet. Someone has left the window open. The cold air seeps into the bedroom and fills it. I look over and see Dalton fast asleep beside me, curled up like in ball and sleeping like a baby.
I go to the kitchen to get some water, my mouth feels unbelievably dry and I have the sudden need to eat a cracker. I rummage through the cupboards but I don’t have any crackers, it’s not something I normally buy. 
I’m hungry! What can I muster together? Ahh, I see the bread, cheese and some cold turkey. That will do just nicely I think, doesn’t sound nice but for some reason I know I will eat it, maybe its pregnancy cravings.
I hunt down my kitchen for something sweet to go with the sandwich but there is nothing here, I think I really need to do some shopping.  I haven’t been food shopping in so long, Dalton has normally brought food for me, damn it, I need something sweet!
I got through all the cupboards for something to satisfy my weird craving but there is nothing except this measly sandwich. It isn’t going to hit all the right spots bit I guess it will have to do, there is probably a late night store open but I don’t want to go out this late. 
As sit trying to enjoy my sandwich I hear a buzzing, the buzzing goes on and on and starts to annoy me. I look around and see Dalton’s phone there on the table. It’s going around in circles buzzing away quietly and the light is flashing.
I walk over and see the words ‘Maddison’ on the screen. She is trying to call him now? At 2:30am? I’m tempted to pick it up and just listen, or tell her to fuck off but I know that I shouldn’t. That would be extremely bunny boiler of me and very intrusive of his privacy, I’m not that type of girl and I should trust him right? But why would she be trying to get hold of him at this time?
The phone stops buzzing and I see that he has several missed calls from her and messages, as he has a preview on the screen I can see, not able to resist the temptation I look over and glance at them.
I know that I shouldn’t, I know I should look away and let him have his privacy but I cannot help but look at the messages that are there so clearly on the screen.

I demand you call me; I need to talk to you about the papers today. What we said doesn’t cut it. You know we have much more to say to each-other.

Dalton, baby, please call me. We can work this out.

Dalton, come home please we need to talk.

Did they have a discussion about this earlier and what the fuck, baby? Did she message him calling him baby? Does he call her that? I feel myself wanting to cry, I love this man but am I in too deep that I cannot tell if he is lying to me?
I sit and stare at the phone as I hear the shuffling of feet. With bed hair and a sleepy face, Dalton stumbles into the barely lit kitchen.
He rubs his eyes and looks at me, “what are you doing it’s like gone two in the morning?” he mumbles barely awake.
“Well, I was thirsty and then I was hungry, and then,” I look down at his phone and shove it across the work-top at him, “then your wife rang and left you several messages.”
He stops rubbing his eyes which immediately widen and look at me, “you went through my phone?”
“Nope, I’m sure it has a pin, god knows what you have to hide on there and besides, the messages are right there for all to see, I wonder what else you have locked away.”
He looks down and then back at me, “it isn’t what you think, I’m not hiding something from you, trust me I’m not like that. I wouldn’t leave my phone lying around if I was would I? For god’s sake Aurelia, it really isn’t what you think.....”
“Isn’t it,” I snap slamming my plate down, “there she is calling you baby and telling you to come home, which by the way your home is with her and you expect me to believe what you are telling me, that nothing is going on between you, that you have nothing to hide, my god I’m so naive!”
“It isn’t, she calls me baby when she wants something because she tries to sweeten me up and it’s her way of affection but the feeling it isn’t returned and yes you should believe me because I fucking love you,” he shouts, “what is it going to take to make you see that. I’m here with you aren’t I, isn’t that enough?”
“I don’t know what to believe if I’m being honest, maybe I am just being stupid in thinking you and I will be together, that you me and this baby will be a happy family. But the fact is you and I started an affair and I got pregnant and technically you’re stuck with me aren’t you, it’s not by choice its necessity.”
He comes up and grabs me, pulling me into him with such passion I feel it, “For fucks sake, no I’m not stuck with you, I want to be with you and I wouldn’t bloody be here if I didn’t want to be. Yes, okay I agree this started as an ‘affair,’” he emphasises, “but I love you, not her, I want you, not her and if you do not believe me then here.”
I move away from him and he hands me his open phone with all the messages for me to see. I shouldn’t be intrusive and read them but he is adamant that I do. With his permission I take phone from his hand.
I scroll through the messages one by one. Him telling her to fuck off that he doesn’t love her and never did and that soon it will be over.
Messages about her father and how she fears she will cope if daddy loses his company, money whore!
There is nothing on there that I should be worried about and it does appear like he is telling the truth, if that is so then why am I so scared that this isn’t real, that all this is going to end? Technically I am the person in the middle of someone else’s marriage, maybe it’s guilt.
“You see,” he interrupts me, “I love you, I will keep telling you that and I don’t want her, she knows that and she knows something is happening which is why she keeps saying we can work it out and that’s why she is calling me baby but I simply couldn’t give a fuck. The only thing I want to work out right now is where you and I should live.”
I look at him, phone still in my hand, “I’m technically breaking up your marriage, the slut that got between you and wait, live? You want me to move in with you, I mean you with me? I mean....what?”
He pulls me into him, “yes, you and me and our baby all under one roof. I mean why not, we’ll be a family right, we should be living together and you didn’t break up my marriage, don’t ever think that. My marriage broke down years ago and she has been shagging everything with a dick in New York for years.  I remained faithful even though I knew what she was doing, I had always planned to get out and then you came along and turned my world upside down. I fell in love you, okay so it started as an affair but that was never my intention I wanted to leave Maddison before I moved on with anyone but sometimes things do not work out the way that you plan. I want to live with you; I want my life with you. I have never said those words to her.”
I had never even thought about living with him, I thought he would live wherever and I would at least stay here until the baby is born. It never crossed my mind, just thought we would continue living separately, not living together as a family.
I didn’t even think these types of things would go along this quickly, I expected to be waiting over a year for him to even start proceedings of a divorce. 
“So what do you say?” he whispers gently resting his head on mine, “you want to live with me?”
I close my eyes and breathe him in, “I’d want nothing more than to live with you.”
He snakes his arm around my waist and then lifts 
me up, kissing me softly he carries me back to the bedroom. I giggle as I breathe in the sweet scent of his hair, that sweet honey silk shampoo he loves to use.
He lays me gently on the bed and kisses my forehead running his lips gently over my face to my lips, his masculine slender body leaning over me as silence fills the room with his eyes gazing into mine.
“You are so beautiful,” he whispers, “I cannot believe I landed such a girl like you.”
“Not hard, I was mad about you from the first day you came into the office. It’s me who is the lucky one; you picked me when you could have had anyone.”
He shrugs, “doesn’t matter who I could have, I wanted you and I have you and even knowing all this shit you’re sticking by me. I have never trusted anyone the way I trust you, you draw me in, like heroin I must have you.”
“Some people are who they are it doesn’t make them any less of a person, like you! Just because you were forced into a marriage doesn’t mean you’re a bad person, everyone has a past Dalton, besides got to give you some credit for putting up with her, and she’s vile. Besides, I’m not exactly an angel; I had an affair with a married man knowing nothing about his marriage except for the fact his wife seemed a complete bitch!”
“I guess you’re right,” he laughs, “you have no idea but if my marriage was perfect I wouldn’t be here with you now would I, but it is what it is and Monday we will be free, so it doesn’t matter anymore,” he murmurs.
“I love you,” I whisper stroking his face.
“I love you more,” he kisses me tenderly.
Lying on the bed snuggled in his arms, I breathe in his heavenly scent once more, that scent I know is Dalton and that I cannot live without.
My mind races as to what is going to happen on Monday, it’s like a ticking time bomb waiting to go off. I’m sure he will have message after message this weekend but at least he is here with me.
I lie staring at the ceiling, my fingers gently stroking up and down his arm that is comfortably placed under my neck.
“What you thinking about?” he whispers in the darkness of the room.
“Just, wondering what your life would have been like had your father not forced you to marry Maddison, where you’d be now and if you and I would be together. Would you even have your own company, so many things to wonder about if your life was different.”
He sighs, “Well not really, I probably would have been married to some other loon and still as miserable, may not have been Maddison but definitely someone else for money knowing my father.”
“What makes you say that,” I mumble sleepily.
“Because my father was adamant, ever since I was little or as far back as I can remember, that I would marry for money. He always said that a good business arrangement and a marriage always resulted in a fortune. I guess he was right, he has made millions.”
“But,” I turn and face him, “if the company he had shares in is in financial difficulty, then hasn’t your father lost money too?”
“The money he received when he first got his shares he invested and stashed away, so when the company started losing money, he began proceedings to pull out and only now has found a buyer, he’s rather clued on however he doesn’t know that the buyer of those incredibly cheap shares was me.”
“Not as clued on then as you think he is.”
“Well not about who bought his shares no, but he doesn’t care anymore. He pulled out and sold it on, cheaply, he hasn’t lost money and still gained millions when he did have his share.”
“Do other people have shares in the company?” I ask feeling sleepy.
“No, David was the sole owner of the company and didn’t want to share anything. It was my marriage to Maddison that got him what he wanted.”
“So if you hadn’t have married her then your father wouldn’t have anything?”
“My father would still have his businesses but no, he wouldn’t have had a share in that company. It was all to do with Maddison and me, her father thought he was getting a really good deal and thought that if my father had a share, then that would tie me financially to Maddison and one day she would rely on me instead of her father I guess. It’s all very complicated but I cannot wait to watch the bomb blow up in their faces on Monday. Definitely will be a show down for the history books.
“Mmm,” I mumble sensing his smirk that he is proud of himself.
“Aurelia, are you falling asleep?”
“Mmm,”
His voice is soothing, his arms are comforting and feeling relaxed I fall asleep.




















Chapter 15

I open my eyes and roll over to the side of the bed which is now empty; the bed feels spacious and rather large when Dalton is not here. Although I don’t see why I suddenly feel like it is, I’m used to sleeping in the bed by myself.
I look at the clock, 7:30am and work in just over an hour. I have had a fantastic weekend, lying in the apartment being lazy and watching crappy films and eating junk food. It’s just what I ordered.
Dalton has been by my side all weekend, even when I have had morning sickness and strange spouts of crying moments. Hormones!
He has complimented me all weekend, even when I looked like the back end of a donkey, he has been a sweetheart and the sex has been mind-blowing!
I feel sick this morning and this time it isn’t the pregnancy, it’s the nervous feeling of the massive announcement taking place outside of Hunt Construction Ltd. The new owner is to be revealed as Dalton and no-one knows it yet, and no-one knows what his intentions are. Not even I know what they are, although he did say he was keeping the business and not selling it off.
Over the weekend, the employees were let go and sad pictures of them have appeared in the news. Their lives ruined by one man, jobless men and women who have families to support now face an uncertain future.
After seeing their faces and knowing the struggles they would face, Dalton promised me he would try and help them, but the company employed hundreds of people, he simply cannot help them all. Well, unless he gave them their jobs back.
I need to look my best today. He has told me I have to meet him there at 9:55am and the announcement is to be made at 10am, with me on his arm.
Maddison will be getting the court papers for a divorce at the same time and no doubt Dalton’s father will have found out about by now that Dalton is no longer part of his company. I wonder how he reacted this morning. Or even his family, then again, does he have a family? He never speaks of them, just his father, ahh my mind is getting side-tracked. I need to be focused today, need to get my head in the game.
So yeah, a lot of nerves building up in my stomach and I fear not only is it going to kick off, but some people are going to be gunning for him.
I get dressed in a smart skirt and blouse and head out of the house, stopping at Starbucks for my morning coffee rush I head straight to the office.
As usual, I am the first one there, with the exception today of the janitor who is still here, normally he is finished by now. “Morning,” I wave as I pass right by him and head straight into my office.
My phone buzzes as I sit nervously tapping my feet at my desk:

If you’re in the office head here, the media is already here and I need you. Dalton x

Butterflies flutter nervously in my tummy. “Oh shit,” I mumble to myself. I pick up the keys and head back out, I forget to even tell the janitor I’m leaving. There will be no-one in the office for the staff, fuck it, I have to leave.
I grab a cab and head straight for Hunt Construction Ltd with sick forming in my gut. I’m so scared it’s all going to come up at the worst possible time.
What if I’m sick during the announcement? Maddison already thought I was pregnant the last time I saw her, if I throw up, surely she is going to click on. I pray to myself that I manage to keep my breakfast down.
As we arrive outside, cameras, newspapers and everyone in the press and media are all gathered outside. I swallow my nerves in a massive gulp and get out of the cab, to be greeted by valcher’s asking a billion questions.
I feel a grab on my arm and I turn and see it is Dalton who safely pulls me to one side and behind a huge podium surrounded by men in suits. Oh my god this is it, the moment the bomb blows up. Should I take cover?
A very stiff old gentleman mounts the podium with several microphones and calls for the attention of those around him.
Photographers, the press and media fellow alike all gather around him with their mic’s all pointed up, all wanting to get the news first hand.
“Today, we announce the takeover of Hunt Construction Ltd with a new appointed CEO and owner and a new board of directors. 
It has been a tough time and I know over the last few days, news has emerged of the fellow employees that have since lost their jobs through no fault of their own.”
I look around at the crowd, taking their pictures and listening intensively as I see Maddison stood next to her father, looking over at Dalton with vicious eyes. If looks could kill he would drop dead right now.
“The company has since seen its struggles, no doubt you are all aware of that and Mr Hunter is on board with the new changes. I would now like to announce the new CEO of Hunt Construction Ltd; here is he, Mr Dalton West.”
The crowd go absolutely mental as Dalton steps up and shakes the man’s hand, cameras flashing, voices shouting over each-other with questions they have they want answers and Maddison’s face. Her jaw has hit the floor and her father’s face boils with anger. Her father is ‘on board’ but from the look of his face, I seriously doubt that.
Dalton takes his place on the podium, “ladies and gentlemen, I am the new CEO of Hunt Construction Ltd and hopefully with a little investment we can get things back on track. I understand that this has been a difficult time for all of those involved, but with a new strategy and with completely new members on the board, I am confident I will have the company back in shape and more prosperous than ever before. I understand the company has suffered financially; however, this will be sorted. I will now take on some questions but please, one at a time.”
Arms fly up all over the place as Dalton points to one lady, “Mr West, was it always your intention to take over the company?”
“No, it was a last minute decision when the board members placed the business up for sale; I was approached and believe with my expertise I can bring the company back better than it ever has been.”
He points to another, “Mr West, what are going to do with the hundreds of employees who have since suffered at the hands of Mr Hunter and lost their jobs.”
“I plan to build the company back up and give them their jobs back. Those people were caught in the cross fire of one man’s incompetency, they shouldn’t be punished for that.”
“Mr West, do you have a time limit on how long this will take? I’m sure those people without jobs will be eager to know as some of their livelihoods maybe at stake here.”
“Yes,” he nods, “we hope to get the company back up and running in a week, there are some legal things that need to be discussed however, I have made contact with the suppliers and the current contracts and I am very hopeful.”
“Mr West, can you guarantee these people their jobs back as the company is on the verge of collapse.”
“It was on the verge of collapse, but as I have said, with my expertise I have managed to sort things in a very short space of time and with further support from the board members the company will be successful once again.”
 He answers question after question but there is only so much a pot will boil before it explodes, Maddison’s father charges at him, “you fucking son of a bitch, stealing my company you backstabbing little prick,” men jump on him to hold him back as the anger surges through his body.
“I stole nothing, you ran your company into the ground by being greedy and keeping the money for yourself and buying things beyond your means, the house and all the cars you could never afford, fucking overspending, you are now so far in debt you cannot even afford the fucking suit you’re wearing,” Dalton snaps, “you greedy bastard, you kept the money and profits to line your own pocket and you expect hardworking individuals to pay for your mistakes.”
“How dare you,” Maddison jumps in, “he is your father in law and he has helped you, how dare you speak to him like that.”
“Helped me?” Dalton laughs sarcastically, “The only thing he has helped me with is making my life miserable with you. Your father helped no-one but himself princess and in turn gave part of the money to you which you wilfully spent on yourself, regardless of the pain and suffering he was causing to his employees.”
“My daddy’s money and what he gave to me is no-one’s business,” she lowers her tone as if embarrassed by Dalton’s words.
“Your daddy’s money is everyone’s business princess because now the fat fuck has none.” She raises her hand to hit him but he grabs it, “don’t even go there sweetheart, you are nothing and to prove you are nothing I have something for you,” on the desk to his side he grabs a massive file, “these are for you, I’m getting a divorce you two timing low life little slag.”
I can see the anger building so I grab his arm gently and pull him back, “Dalton that’s enough, people are watching, you don’t want them to see you like this. It’s not worth it.”
Her anger and attention soon turns to me “and who the fuck are you, the office slut he has now stuck his dick into? Not worth it, I’m fucking worth more than you.”
“You’re worth nothing darling, daddy has no money and actually yes I am the new person he is sticking his dick into,” I respond much to her disgust, “and for your information, I am actually his girlfriend.”
Dalton stands beside me, his arm snakes supportively around my waist pulling me into him, his lawyer the other side and the new board members all behind him, “you see princess, your father and you are nothing but money grabbing little whores who love to make everyone else’s life a misery.”
“Go ahead, divorce me, I will take every fucking thing you own to slimy cunt,” she snaps aggressively.
Dalton laughs, “go ahead, we had a legal pre-nup with what it was you could and couldn’t have because when we were married, you had all the money and it was so I couldn’t take anything from you unless evidence emerged of you cheating, wasn’t that the deal princess? Your father gave you the lifestyle you became a custom to and funded it for you, not me; you won’t get a penny sweet cheeks, good luck living on the breadline, after what you done to those workers, that’s the least of what you deserve.”
As all the commotion has gotten into full swing, the press and the media are having a field day filming it all. 
“Dalton,” I turn and whisper, “remember you’re the better person. Don’t lower yourself to her level.”
His eyes scowl at Maddison as he turns and looks at me. I stroke his face and just look back at him, calming him down before he kills someone.
Maddison’s arm swing into the air as she guns for me with anger, she misses me as I move to the side and falls straight onto her face in full view for all the media to see.
“You silly cow,” Dalton mumbles. Being a gentleman he helps her up and she again tries to hit me but is blocked by Dalton.
“You’re trying to save this little slut over us, what the fuck,” she screams.
“There is no us, you have the fucking papers now get it into your measly undeveloped brain that you and I are over.”
“Over?” she repeats, “you and I will never be over. I fucking own you. I own every part of you!”
“Actually princess, you own a house that we happen to live in and that’s it, you can keep the fucking house. I will be back to pick up my shit and then I am gone, for good.”
“I gave you everything,” she screams in rage, “my family supported you, I fucking supported you and this is the thanks I get.”
“Thanks? You want fucking thanks?” he moves me behind him as he continues the slanging match with her, “thanks for making my life a fucking misery? Thanks for sleeping with the whole of fucking New York? Thanks for using money as a weapon to get me to stay with you? I don’t owe you thanks, in-fact I owe you shit!”
“What the fuck does she have that I don’t?” She screams back at him, her fists clenching as her knuckles turn white.
“My fucking baby,” he snaps.



















Chapter 16

The whole crowd stops and gasps, staring at me with shock. For a moment, I feel like a veil of silence has dripped over us, it lasts for a lifetime as all eyes are now on me.
Maddison just looks, her eyes wide and her jaw almost touching the floor, “she....she’s pregnant?” she mumbles as Dalton just smiles.
“How do you like that princess, someone else having the one thing you so desperately wanted but I would never give to you.” He says aggressively smug.
Dalton stares her out as she stares at him with nothing to say, he grabs my arm and heads off the podium taking me and his new board members with him. How could he bring me into it like that? Like I am some sort of pawn in his vicious little game of whose better? Everyone says things when they are angry but that, that was spiteful and uncalled for.
We head into Hunt Construction Ltd away from the prying media and head straight towards his new office, well, the main CEO office that is now his.
The office is large with a huge oak desk and office chair that will fit a very large man, well her father was extremely overweight. 
Pictures of Maddison and her father hang on the walls, smiling and happy. If I didn’t know Maddison, I would say from the photo’s she looks like such a sweet girl, smiling away with her father on what seems like a good day.
I walk over and stare out of the window over the city, my blood boiling, he clearly said that just to get back at her and he used me to do it. I said I was his girlfriend and that’s all she needed to know. She didn’t need to know any further details, I’m not malicious, she said something when she was calling me names and I responded to it, and I’m sure, as vile as she is, she is hurting inside, I mean I would be being publicly humiliated like that. They argued which was enough of a humiliation but to say I have the one thing she wanted, that’s just cruel.
“You seem a little....off,” he murmurs behind me.
“You think so,” I turn and look at him, “you used our baby as a way to get back at her, you could have said anything but it felt like you were point scoring.”
“It wasn’t, I wasn’t, I wouldn’t,” he stutters.
“Oh please, I saw the look on your face when you saw hers, you were pleased with yourself, and you grinned from ear to ear” I turn back and look out of the window.
The city looks so big from up here, so quiet and so peaceful. Being so high up and on the outskirts, you cannot hear the normal city noises like the hustle and bustle, the beeping of the cabs and the chattering of hundreds of people. Just silence.
Dalton comes up behind me and wraps his arms around me his gently placing his chin on my shoulder, “I’m sorry, it just came out, I was angry and so mad I just wanted her to shut up. Yes I did want to hurt her because it’s something I never gave her, even when we, you know, I was always careful, condoms were a must and I would secretly give her contraception.”
I shiver in disgust, “there are some things you don’t need to share with me. I don’t need to know the ins and out of yours and Maddison’s sex lives, trust me it’s an image that will give me nightmares, I just didn’t want her or anyone to know,” I sigh, “I haven’t told my family, my best friend, no-one!”
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t know it would have bothered you this much,” he turns me around; “if I did I would not have said anything. And you’re right, I was point scoring, I wanted to hurt her and I did.”
“It’s a big adjustment for me is all, my parents don’t even know that I am dating let alone having a baby and now I’m betting they will read about it in the paper which is going to cause huge arguments when I’m still getting used to it.”
“I know that, I bet your parents are really going to love me, the boss who knocked up his PA.”
“Don’t say things like that,” I snort, “that’s not who we are and you know it, so don’t, you make me sound like some slut you just stuck your dick into and got pregnant.”
“You know I don’t think that of you.”
“Then don’t say things that make me think that, that is how you see me, okay?”
“Okay?” he sighs running his hand through his silky perfectly styled hair. “I love you, you know that right.”
I look into his eyes, his sad seductive caring eyes, this man has me, he has all of me and no matter how angry I am, when I look at those eyes all is forgiven, “I love you too, but sometimes you can be a dick.”
There is a knock on the door interrupting us, to be honest I am glad for the distraction, a man pops his head around, “ummm, Dalton, you need to come see this.”
“I’m busy, what is it?” he asks frustrated at the interruption, “can it not wait?”
The man shakes his head and looks terrified, “no not really, Maddison is setting fire to your car.”
Dalton looks shocked at first but then rushes off to see. I look out of the window, hand pressed firmly against the glass trying to see, and even as high as we are, low down I can see some flames from below, I follow after him, what the hell is this crazy bitch doing?
As we reach the lobby I can see the flames more clearly and something burning, clouds of smoke filter through as the doors open.
“What the fuck are you doing that’s my fucking car, you could injure someone you crazy fucking cow,” Dalton screams.
Maddison, who is stood calm and collected, turns to him with an evil grin, “burning that heap of trash you simply adore, you adored that car more than you adored our marriage, being as I now mean nothing to you what the fuck is to stop me getting rid of it, even after you spent a night fucking me in that car.” She says that as she looks at me, clearly trying to get a reaction out of me.
I stand still and just look at her smug face, bile rises in my mouth; he fucked her in his car. Why am I surprised? The thought of it though makes me want to vomit; I’ve bloody sat in that car. Her chuffed grin reaches from ear to ear and then she turns her full attention to me, strolling over casually as if she has done nothing wrong, “you may have his baby inside of you, but in time you will see he is nothing more than a cheating low life that has ruined his entire family. And you,” she points, “will have nothing in the end, not even your baby. I will make sure of it.”
No words come out of my mouth, normally I would fight back or say something but I can’t. My hand protectively moves onto my belly, did she just threaten my baby?
I guess this was a reason I didn’t want anyone knowing, especially her. I know she is mad and she has every right to be, I mean, I’m having her husband’s baby, but threatening to harm an unborn baby, well that is beyond something I can even process in my own mind.
Dalton and some other men are trying to put out the flames but the situation has completely gotten out of control. The fire service arrives and assists them as Maddison just stands there, totally cold and unresponsive to the damage she is causing.
It’s like she is getting a pleasurable kick out of the destruction. Her father is nowhere to be seen and the media is having a field day snapping all of this.
As the police cuff her and take her away, she doesn’t say a word; she doesn’t blink or show any remorse for what she has done. Is she truly that cold? 
As they place her in the back the stares forward remaining as still as statue with a callous grin on her face.
The police car drives passed slowly as her head turns slowly in my direction and her eyes stare into me, like angry eyes piercing into my soul wishing me harm, how can she be like this? Okay, she has been given divorce papers but is that any excuse to go completely psychotic?
Where is her father? Surely he should be able to control his own daughter and stop her doing this, he was here when we entered the building, now he is nowhere to be seen.
The flames are out, the car is ruined and Maddison is on her way to a police station, looking around I can honestly say today has been crazier than I could have ever imagined.
Dalton comes to my side, “are you okay?” he panics, “did she do anything to you?”
I shake my head, “no,” I lie, I don’t dare tell him what she said to me, I can see the anger in his eyes. I look around, “I wasn’t expecting any of this, and god knows what will be printed in the media tomorrow as you sure gave them a hell of a good show.”
“Sir,” a fireman interrupts, “we have managed to put the entire blaze out and we will have the vehicle removed, you will need to contact your insurance.”
“No shit!” Dalton replies sarcastically.
“Be nice, he’s just doing his job and advising you,” I mumble to him.
“If you need assistance as they may want a statement, here is my card, call me or have them call me and I will discuss the extent of the damage.”
Dalton takes his card and gives him a respectful nod. He then looks and me and sighs “what a fucking mess this all is.”
A mess indeed, an argument at the press conference with all the media there to document it, my pregnancy news out and a car on fire!
It’s barely 3pm and all I want to do is go home and curl up in bed, there has been so much drama today I just want to escape it all. Dalton has meetings and things to address tonight and to be honest I’m in no mood to be around him or anyone. I just want to go home.
“I’m going to go home; I need a long soak in the tub and just need to relax after this crazy day.”
His eyes narrow “are you okay, you seem a little distant. I guess my past is a lot to handle huh.”
“Not distant and yeah I guess it is. I knew she was a vile person but this is beyond belief. I expected her to be angry and upset, I mean after-all I stole her husband but what she done has gone far beyond reasonable upset. I’m just stressed and overwhelmed with everything that has happened today is all, I think I just need to be alone, calm and wind down and then I will see you tomorrow in the office.” I kiss him gently on the cheek and leave.
I don’t know whether or not I should tell him about what she said or was it just her trying to get at me. What if it was a real threat about my baby? Who knows!
 I hail a cab and head home, I know I should go back to the office but I just cannot face it. What happened today will have been on the news already and I can already hear the gossips talking about me. I love Dalton, more than I ever thought I would and I know he was married when we started and it was wrong of me, but as he said, if his marriage was worth it then he and I simply wouldn’t be together. Would you want to stay with someone you were forced to marry and didn’t love?
As I walk into my apartment, I look out of the window to see the blue sky and then suddenly, it’s silent. Although traffic continues below, I feel peace. Closing my eyes I try and relax after a hectic day.
Running the bath, I sit on the edge as it fills, thinking about everything. Dalton’s reaction to Maddison was not what I expected, I saw how much he hated her, I saw how much he wanted to hurt her and I never thought he had a side like that.
But Maddison? Her words haunt me, replaying over and over in my mind. My hand again moves over my belly, I feel nothing yet, the embryo is too small to feel anything but still, how can she threaten us?
I sink into the tub and try to forget the events of the day, washing away the horrible words from my mind. Tomorrow I will have to go into the office and face everyone after they read the morning paper and seen the news.
I can just see the headlines now, ‘rich man knocks up mistress and wife goes crazy,’ or something ridiculous like that. 
I suppose this is my fault, getting involved with a married man, but I guess you cannot help who you fall for.
Feeling clean, fresh and relaxed I head for bed, its 7pm, too early for bed but I do not want to do anything else at this point, I’ve had enough. Checking my phone I see a message from Dalton:

Going to miss you tonight, just getting some things sorted, been so busy since you left. I’m really sorry about today but I’m glad it’s all over and out in the open, I hope you’re okay and I will see you in the morning, I love you. Dalton x

My heart warms, I miss him too and I do wish he was here but I just felt like I needed to be alone.  I sink into my pillow and after a hard day, I fall asleep.
















Chapter 17

The morning of dread arrives and if I was nervous yesterday I am even more nervous today. Dalton hasn’t text me this morning, which I thought he would have considering on the way to work this morning, yesterday’s events are front page news.
Pictures of the argument seemed to have shadowed the real reason Dalton was there and his speech about helping the business and the workers.
The press seem to have completely focused on the one event, the argument, divorce and my pregnancy....great! Just what I needed!
There are horrendous pictures of the argument with detailed description of what was said, I cannot believe this, front page fucking news yet again. My parents have already seen it based on the amount of missed calls I have had from them already.
I text Dalton, nerves swim around in my stomach like fierce tadpoles raging to get out, I feel sick:

Hey, heading to the office now, saw the papers this morning, cannot believe that’s all they focused on! Nightmare and now I have to go in and face everyone, you best be there when I get there, I love you.... xxx

As I reach outside the large tall building, I look up and wonder if people are already talking about me or even if they had seen the paper this morning, even worse, watched the news yesterday.
I walk passed reception and into the elevator keeping me head down as to not listen to the whispers or see the awkward stares. 
The lift opens and to my surprise there are people in here, no-one is ever in before me, I’m always the first but there they all are, gawking at me like I’m some sort of shamed person. I scurry into my office and shut the door behind me.
I pick up my phone and text Dalton again; my hands shake as nerves pulse through me:

No reply? I need you to come in now please, everyone is staring, please I need you!

I put my phone down as Deb walks in, “well, well aren’t you a naughty little devil, getting her legs around the boss.”
I look at her un-amused, “Deb, it isn’t like that, I love him and he loves me, it just happened....”
“Oh I bet it did,” she sits on the edge of me desk and leans down, “so tell me, did you do it in here?”
“Deb,” I snap embarrassed, “I don’t want to talk about that, he should be here soon maybe he can make the people stop whispering about me.”
“Oh please,” she waves her hand to dismiss them, “they are only whispering because they have nothing better to do, besides, most of the women in this office wish they had him anyway, just jealous that you have, naughty,” she winks at me.
I roll my eyes at her, she does have her own way of putting her own swing on things, the fact she has slept with most guys in this office doesn’t seem to faze her, even though literally everyone knows. But they never whisper about her, just me and the saucy little secret that everyone wants to know about.
She gives a smile and head out of my office. I still have heard nothing from Dalton and it’s starting to piss me off. People are coming in and out of my office wanting to know the ins and outs and whether or not the papers are true. I would have thought he would be here to support me, has he gone to the other office and just not told me? He didn’t come back to mine last night, did he go home to her?
I pick up the phone and ring Dalton; unusually it goes straight to voicemail,

Dalton where are you and why are you not picking up your phone? I need you here, are you hiding, call me back asap!!!!

I cannot contain my frustration at the fact I have been left alone to deal with the mess. My phone is ringing off the hook, all the lines flashing and I’m too afraid to pick up, I don’t want to be bombarded with anymore questions. 
One of them I have no doubt is my mother calling wanting to know why I haven’t told her about my pregnancy or Dalton and probably really pissed off. She has called me so many times already and I do not have the courage to face her.
I should have know this was going to happen, of course the press cannot be happy with just the one story, they will now have more questions so they can print yet another story. That’s what they do, print peoples misery.
I know what they are all thinking, the poor abandoned wife of the rich man who did not care for her as he had an affair and left her for his pregnant mistress.
That’s all I am seen as now, and I don’t even know what my mother or my father have to say about this, I haven’t even spoken to my best friend, I feel they will ask question upon question wanting to know every sordid little detail.
I sit nervously tapping my foot on the floor and biting my nails I haven’t touched any of my work, where is he? What the hell is he up to?
I get up and pace back and forth, my phone tapping in my hand. I see the stares of them all watching me, their whispers echoing through the office so I shut the door and close the blinds.
As I begin to lose patience, finally my phone rings, I answer immediately in a pissed off tone, “Dalton where the fuck...”
“It’s not Dalton,” the cool toned females cuts me off, “he’s not going to be ringing you for a long time.”
“Who is this?” I mumble.
“Who do you think it is you dumb bitch!”
Oh my god its Maddison, how the hell does she have Dalton’s phone and why is he with her?
“Put Dalton on the phone now,” I snap seething through my teeth.
“Umm, well he’s a little tied up right now,” she giggles, “but I would suggest you come meet me, besides, I think you’ll like what you see.”
Meet her; is she off her fucking rocker? The woman has mental problems and she wants me to go meet her, she set fire to his fucking car the crazy bitch. And what does she mean ‘tied up’ does she mean literally like he is he sleeping with her, or just busy? Angry and confused I agree, “Fine, tell me when and where?”
“There is a small building on the corner of Major Street, slightly off the beating path you might say, go in there, it shouldn’t take you long to get here but we’ll be waiting for you all day, after that, we’ll be gone.”
I switch the call off and try and calm myself. I can almost feel the steam coming from my ears, how fucking dare he cheat on me after all of this!
He must have been with her all night if she has his phone, why the fuck would he let her have that. I bet she has been having right good gander at our naughty messages! How fucking embarrassing, and if she needs ammunition against me she certainly has it now doesn’t she.
I’m not going to sit here and do any work whilst those two are up to fucking now good, ‘after that we’ll be gone.’ What the fuck does she mean by ‘we’? Is she referring to her and Dalton?
I grab my coat and head out of the office without saying a word to anyone, I barely acknowledge them. I can hear their whispers as I walk passed and their judgemental eyes stare upon me like I’m some sort of office slut for them to gawk at. I’m going to go there and give that dickhead and its wife a piece of my mind, I’m furious. I have been made to feel like I am the one in the wrong, all of them looking at me like I just opened my legs and had a fuck with the boss, when I get there I will be screaming holy hell.
People may look at me and say ‘well you slept with a married man,’ and it’s true I did. But I love him and his marriage was forced for money, am I just making excuses as reasons to justify what I have done? Holy hell this is some deep shit and I have no idea how to deal with it.
Arriving at the building, it looks closed and abandoned. People walk passed it without paying attention; there is nothing that stands out about this building. Why would they pick here?
I feel anxious, that something is not quite right about this but I cannot turn back now, I need to know what he or she has done or worse, doing!
I push the door open, looking at everything around me but not one person seems to care I am entering a derelict building; surely someone would wonder why I am coming in here? Sometimes I guess though people don’t really notice the obvious things that are happening around them, I wouldn’t stop someone walking in here so why do I feel like someone should be worried for me?
 Thick plastic dust sheets hang from the broken ceilings above, roof supports are full of rust and almost coming down. Broken bricks and dust lay scattered all over the floor and graffiti is all over the walls.
This building looks like it was abandoned mid-way through restoration, why would they be here, have they been coming here for secret meetings? I look around and it appears someone or multiple people have used this as a shelter, perhaps the homeless have been coming in here. Empty food wrappers and cans of beer lay scattered all over the place.
I walk through the building into each room which seems more destroyed as I go further; I see nothing, not a single person. Evidence of people being here are everywhere but there is not one person sitting around or even hanging around here.
 Finally, as I start to feel nervous that this is all a joke, my phone rings, “are you here?”
“Of course I am,” I seethe, “now do you want to tell me what the fuck is going on or are you going to keep me walking through this shithole.”
She laughs slightly, “come to the top of the building, you will see a red door at the end of the hallway, go to the door and push it open. I promise you will not be disappointed.”
“Why will I not be disappointed?”
“You will have to come and see won’t you, oh and I wouldn’t delay any further, we are eagerly awaiting your arrival. Hurry along tramp.”
She disconnects the phone and leaves me with those simple instructions; it wouldn’t be so bad if I knew where the stairs were. Why the hell is she calling me a tramp? I may be the one who had an affair with a married man but I am no fucking tramp.
Maybe after this we can send Maddison to a psychiatric ward for some serious help, I think she needs it. She has clearly had some sort of mental break-down, fucking crazy bitch.
I walk around the destruction, mess and broken bricks until finally I find some stairs. They look dangerous and not very secure and yet she wants me to walk to the top? Clearly the fucking little cow is probably hoping I’m going to fall and hurt myself, or worse, hurt my baby.
I carefully make my way up the stairs, stepping gently on each step that feel as if they are about to crumble and fall apart under my feet.
I reach the top and breathe a sigh of relief that the stairs haven’t come crashing down with me on them. If that was her plan it didn’t work, so tough luck to her.
I walk through a hallway that seems as if it was destroyed by a very nasty fire. Broken and destroyed furniture lay scattered about, why anyone would come in here is beyond me. I see the red door and freeze in my tracks, something isn’t quite right; I feel it in my gut.
Walking slowly, I get to the red door and stand nervously outside. My mouth goes try and my heart begins to race. I came rushing here without a thought but what if he isn’t actually here?
She wouldn’t let me speak to him, this could be a trap and I have walked straight into it because I was so angry, I didn’t give a second thought.
I ring his phone once more, praying that he is the one that will be answering. I press dial and after a few seconds it rings, I hear his phone tone on the other side of the door, he’s here, or she’s here or in-fact probably both of them.
Shaking, I open the door and to my horror there is Dalton, beaten gagged and tied to a chair.


























Chapter 18

For a moment I freeze as my mind tries to accept what it is my eyes are seeing, but then as I realise what has happened and I rush over to him, pulling the gag tape, “oh my god are you okay?” I panic, can he even breathe with that over his mouth. “Hang on I will....”
“Aurelia” he shouts panicky but before I can respond everything goes black.
I wake up with a pinging headache and everything around me is fuzzy. What the hell happened and why does my head hurt? I see a hazy figure leaning over me, “are there she is, the slut that ruined my marriage,” I hear mumbled. The voice sounds a bit muffled, who is that? 
I shake my head and try to focus, what the hell is going on. I go to touch my head, as I do I hear something rattling. Bringing my eyes into focus, I see I am chained to a wall and Maddison is stood in-front of me. 
I look and see Dalton is still tied to the chair and the gag I pulled away has been put back, “what the fuck happened,” I murmur.
“Well I wasn’t going to have you screaming for all to hear now or running off to tell someone of our little rendezvous here, so I chained you up,” she smirks.
“You hit me didn’t you?”
“Yes well, I had to do something to knock you out, I doubt you would have been willing to be tied up, although,” she looks at Dalton with lust, “I know he likes that type of thing, and just so you know, if you scream you’ll be sorry, so I suggest you keep your mouth shut.”
“You’re crazy!”
“Crazy doesn’t even come fucking close, do you know what it’s like to lose everything you fucking have and then be publicly humiliated to the point all your sordid little secrets start coming out of the closet?”
I look at her, my eyes narrow and I try hard to think of what she is on about. Then it hits me, as I was glancing over the paper at the stories about the events that took place yesterday, there was a separate part about her affairs.
Men had come forward and sold their stories, no doubt all for their own personal gain and to get a quick buck, but I remember it now ‘Heartbroken innocent wife not as heartbroken and innocent as she seems.’
My mind races as I try to remember what it said, but I only glanced at it, I was so pissed off about the whispers and stares I only paid attention to what it said about Dalton, the new company and of course, me!
Dalton is rocking side to side on his chair, trying to free himself, seeing his struggle; Maddison goes and removes his gag, “What the fuck are you doing?”
“Let her go please,” he pleads, “she’s pregnant for fuck sake have a heart will you and let her go, she has nothing to do with me and you.”
“A heart?” she snorts, “What fucking heart did you have when you fucking humiliated me, what heart did you have when you took my father’s company and left me with nothing, what heart did you have when you fucking knocked the little bitch up!”
“You humiliated yourself,” he barks, “if you didn’t go around fucking everything you saw then there wouldn’t be anything to say about you would there, your flings sold their stories, that’s what humiliated you, your actions humiliated you, the only person you have to blame for all that is yourself. And yes, she is pregnant, but Maddison you and I hate each-other, you know our marriage was doomed, neither of us wanted to be in it so fucking be honest with yourself.”
“Honest? Yes I married you for money and a good fuck, even that was in short supply wasn’t it.”
As they argue I notice one of the nails keeping the chains to the wall is lose, the building is falling apart and thank god the walls are not as secure. I see this as my chance to get out.
As I pull on the chain, Dalton looks and sees what I am trying to do. He keeps her distracted, “you hurt me you know,” he blurts out.
Just as she is about to turn and see what I am doing, her focus turns solely on him, “hurt you? How the fuck did I hurt you?”
“I loved you,” he sobs, those words rip through me like a knife but I know he is just saying it to keep her attention off me, “I wanted it all with you but every time I tried you pushed me away.”
“I married you didn’t I, it may have been for fucking money but I still went through with it, wasn’t that enough for you?”
“No,” he sobs even more, “I wanted a family and it all with you but you kept sleeping with other guys, hurting me so I got pushed away and look what happened.”
“Oh baby,” she gasps falling to her knees in-front of him, “If I had known you truly loved me I would never have started those affairs. I just assumed you hated the fact we were forced to be married, I love you baby and you know I love you,” she plants a kiss on his lips and I almost vomit.
He pulls back, “it cannot work now, it’s too late, look what you have done and Aurelia, she doesn’t deserve to be caught up in our mess, we’ve both made mistakes, let’s just forget it and put it behind us.”
I manage to pull the nail from the wall releasing my one chained arm; I reach over and pull the other one. I look and see she has now moved to sitting on his lap, straddling him and kissing his soft lips that are only meant to touch mine.
I creep slowly towards the back of her and notice Dalton’s eyes wide open, looking at me as if to say ‘hit the bitch.’ I look around, grab the nearest thing and smack her over the head, twice!
Her limp body falls to the floor; I’ve knocked the bitch unconscious. Fiddling around, I find the keys and undo the cuff from the chains around my wrist.
“Oh my god, are you okay?” I look at Dalton as I untie him.
“Yes,” he says with relief, “I didn’t think you’d come here, I thought you would have....”
“Of course I was going to come. Not going to leave you in the hands of the crazy bitch am I.”
His voice lowers, “didn’t you think that her and I....”
I look at him, “of course I thought that, I was pretty pissed off, look we don’t have time to talk about this now, can you walk?”
He grips me to stand, his legs are shaky and his body is bruised, what the fuck did she do to him? Why hasn’t he fought back? I wouldn’t have thought she would have been able to beat him this badly.
I grip him as best I can as we both start to try and make our way out of the building, I look at him as we hobble through the door, “you told her you loved her? You told her you wanted a baby with her.”
He stops and clings onto me, “I said that to distract her, you know that, I knew that’s how I would get her attention, she’s warped in the fucking head, I knew she would believe me if I started saying crap she wanted to hear.”
“I know that, it just felt like a knife in the gut hearing you say them to her, I felt sick and just wanted to cry. I can imagine what she was thinking, that she had won, she had won you like you were some sort of prize.”
We make our way down the stairs but his weak and frail body is unable to continue. Dalton collapses on the floor nowhere near the exit and keels over in pain. “Get out of here,” he pleads with me, “go and get help, you and my baby are more important.”
I look at him like he’s crazy, “are you nuts? I’m not leaving you here on your own with a mental person upstairs and a building that could collapse at any moment.”
“Please,” his eyes sadden, “I want you safe, here is not safe for either of you, please.”
“No,” I defy him, “I’m not leaving you here,” I pull him into a side room that seems hidden; rubble and crap surround it and it’s dark with no light entering, “we will stay here until you get some energy or until I think of something, we’ll just have to hide but be quiet.”
I don’t know who else is in this building, or even if Maddison is still out cold. How she got him tied to a chair still baffles me, he’s much stronger than her.
Surely if she popped up he would have been able to fight her off, is it possible that someone has helped her? They must have to get him here.
It plays on my mind, as we sit in the darkness of a crumbling room, I ask him, “how did she manage to get you tied to a chair.”
He shrugs, “I don’t know, I just woke up like that, I felt a sharp sting and then next thing I knew I was here.”
“Where were you and what do you mean a sharp sting?”
“Yesterday, after you left and went home, had to sort some stuff out there and that’s a long story, I went to my meetings and I went to the bank to sort some things, had a meeting with my lawyer and other people and as I was leaving I felt as if something stung me in the neck, that’s all I remember, and then I woke up here.”
Did she hit him with some sort or tranquilizer? And even if she did, how did she manage to lift him without anyone seeing and get him here?
I sit in silence as my mind tries to think of everything, and how the hell we are going to get out of here. I need to know if she is still unconscious then I can get him out and we can call the police. I try and find my phone, I know I had it when I walked in here but it’s gone, fuck. I have to go back upstairs and get it, but what if she’s awake. Do I want to leave Dalton clearly in pain on his own? 
“Something is on your mind,” he winces in pain as he speaks, clutching onto his side.
“My god what has she done to you?”
“I don’t know,” he shrugs, “But I feel like I’ve had  a good fucking kicking.”
No doubt about that, I lift his shirt to see the extent of the bruising all over his body, does she honestly have the ability to inflict this much damage. Granted any girl can kick or throw a punch but to this extent? He looks like he has been beaten with an object or with some serious force.
He definitely has a broken rib, possibly a fractured wrist and he seems to have twisted an ankle, he needs help and he needs it now.
“I’m going to go check she is still up there.”
Dalton grabs my arm, “no! Please don’t do that, please let’s just leave.”
“You can barely walk,” I whisper, “I need to see okay plus I need a phone, the exit is a fair distance and I’m not sure you will make it that far, if she is then we will be able to get out.”
I pull myself away from him and look at the fear in his eyes. I want to know the bitch is unconscious and maybe I can tie her to something call the police and hopefully be rescued. 
I make my way quietly and slowly back up the crumbling stairs, one by one as easily as I can  once again so they do not crumble beneath me. 
The door is open; I could have sworn I closed it. I walk in cautiously. The chair is broken and chains are still on the floor, but I do not see Maddison. Where is she?
I walk further into the room and there, behind a half fallen pillar is Maddison, she is talking to someone but I cannot see who it is.
“Where the fuck are they?” a man’s voice snaps at her.
“I don’t know, you’re the one who chained her to the fucking wall, didn’t do a good job did you, now they could be anywhere telling fucking anyone.”
“We need to get out of here and grab the other fucking two as well before some idiot finds them.”
Other two? What other two, who else have they hurt and dragged into their deranged mess. I fear the worse that it is someone I know. I get that unnerving feeling in the pit of my stomach that tells me someone I love is in danger, but who could they have? 
I don’t want to hear anymore, Dalton and I are in danger and apparently two other people may be dead or seriously hurt. I quickly try and sneak away but in a panic I knock a rock under my feet.
Maddison’s head turns on my direction and she spots me. I try to run out of the door but there stands a large man. A very fat large man blocking my path and suddenly how Maddison managed to do all this becomes clear.
It’s her father! 





















Chapter 19

“You?” I snap, “you’re helping your daughter do this? What the fuck is wrong with you!”
“What the fuck is wrong with me?” He snorts gripping me by the throat, “you fucking came along and destroyed me, destroyed my company, that little shit was given everything and this is how he fucking repays me, how he treats my fucking daughter.”
“Please, let go,” I squeak as his grip tightens and I struggle to breathe.
“I could kill you with my fucking bare hands, no-one fucking treats my family like this and gets away with it.”
“Let her go!” someone shouts, rolling my eyes over I see Dalton, holding on to his side and staggering towards us. “She didn’t know anything about this; she and I didn’t destroy your company you did, I picked up the fucking pieces, look at you with your hands n a woman you fucking coward.”
Maddison’s father throws me onto the floor; I gasp quickly for air and feel slightly woozy. Maddison grabs me, wrapping rope tightly around my wrists binding my hands behind my back, I try to scream but she covers my mouth.
I watch her father beat Dalton until his lifeless body falls to floor, blood pours from his wounds and I can do nothing but cry. Maddison moves away from me and goes to see what her father has done; a look of amusement fills her face.
“You worthless piece of shit, I’m going to show you what happens when you mistreat my family,” he snorts at him as he picks up a gun.
I wriggle the rope as best I can, slyly moving to a sharp edge sticking out from the wall. Maddison stands next to her father holding a knife, a crazed look streams across her face. It’s as if she has become a completely different person.
She claims to love this man yet she is helping her father destroy him. She then pulls two people from behind some plastic sheeting; it’s the two board members who put his company up for sale. That’s who he had here? He’s got everyone he feels is to blame and the one person he fails to blame is himself, what a total scumbag. Now I see where Maddison gets her crazy from.
He looks at the two men, their names escape my mind as so much happened yesterday. They have handcuffs tying their hands behind their back, tape gags over their mouths and blood drips from their beaten heads. These poor men, all they did was sell something that was going down the pan, tried to save a business and this is how he treats them?
“You two gave this fucking low-life” he points the gun at Dalton, “my fucking company?”
The one man mumbles under his gag, Maddison’s father rips it off and his face scrunches up in pain, “we old it as we had no choice. You had no money to keep it running and you got paid after the sale, why don’t you look at the real reason you lost your company, you, and stop blaming everyone else.”
Oh no! He’s picking a fight with the crazy man with the gun. Not wise, Maddison’s father stares at him and doesn’t say a word. The two men look and there is a stare stand-off but it doesn’t last long, Maddison’s father shoots them both in the head.
Finally I manage to cut the rope lose, with their attention now on Dalton, I grab a broken piece of glass, grip Maddison as tight as I can and hold it to her throat, “let him go or I swear to god I will stab her,” I scream.
Her father turns in horror and glares at me, his eyes wide open, himself speechless. Maddison tries to struggle but I hold the piece of glass tightly to her throat, one more move and it will cut her.
“Put the blade down,” she begs, “I didn’t want any of this, he told me to do it.” She points at her father who looks stunned that she has turned on him.
Is this the type of woman that she is? Turning on her own family just to save herself?
“Let him go and I will let you go, that’s the deal.”
Her father holds a gun to Dalton’s head, “go ahead, stab the bitch, and see if I care but I know you’ll care if I shoot him. Put the glass down now,” he barks at me.
Now I’m stuck in a dilemma. If I put the piece of glass down they will most likely kill us both, and if I don’t put it down then there is a likely chance he will shoot Dalton anyway.
Thinking quickly, I push Maddison into her father and both of them fall to the floor. In a hurry I help up Dalton and we scramble as fast as we can to get out of there.
I hear a gun shot behind me, I dare stop, Dalton shouts at me to keep running, he leans onto me for dear life and I go as fast as I can.
I feel a tug of my hair and before we can even get anywhere near the door her father has got me, gripping me tightly and holding a gun to my head.
My mouth dries and I feel as if my heart as stopped. I cannot pull away in fear of the gun going off and all I can think of now is my baby.
Dalton’s exhausted and beaten, he falls to the floor and looks up at both of us, his eyes sadden and his arm reaches out to touch me. “Please let her go, you can have me, you can have whatever you want but please let her go.”
“I can have anything huh,” her father repeats, “all I want is what I am due.”
“Due,” Dalton snaps with a change of attitude staggering to his feet, “you had what you were due, you’re not due anything but I will fucking give you anything if you let her go.”
I feel his grip tighten, “nah, I think I will hold onto her for a while.” He points the gun out at Dalton, “but you I have no use for,” I can see what he’s doing. I feel as if everything has slowed down around me, the love of my life is about to be killed, I cannot let this happen.
“No,” I scream and hit his arm just as the trigger goes off. I raise my arms over my head to protect myself and then suddenly hit the floor. He doesn’t have hold of me anymore; I shuffle over to Dalton who is just staring behind me.
Then I hear the whimpering, the small cries of a man behind me, I turn and see Maddison’s father leaning over her, the bullet that he fired hit her directly in the face.
“We have to go,” I whisper to Dalton, “please get up, please.”
He slowly lifts his arm and strokes my face, “go and get help, I love you.”
“I’m not leaving you here you stubborn git now get off your ass and fucking move.”
Before he can get up Maddison’s father turns, I see the outrage in his face and fear runs through my body, oh my god, am I going to die?
“Dalton move!” I shout.
We scramble together and try and hurry out of the room. Shots have been fired and yet not one person has come into the building, I hear no calls for someone to help us. The gun is loud as it fires off each round. Why has no-one come in to help?
Dalton is leaning on me, his body is heavy and blood drips from him, fear grips me and somehow I find the strength to keep hold of him and keep walking.
“Come back you fucking scum, I’m going to kill you,” I hear him shout from behind us, I move quicker but Dalton is too heavy and his limp body hanging on mine in slowing us down.
“Dalton you need to move,” I scream pulling him.
“Leave me, go and leave me,” but before I can do anything another shot is fired.
Both Dalton and I fall to floor and cover ourselves, I look at him, “move now,” I beg pulling him back up.
We edge closer to the door, we are almost outside, ‘just a few more steps,’ I tell myself ‘then we will be outside where people can help us.’
The sounds of heavy footsteps are close behind us, I try running but it’s no use, I feel a tug on my hair and I am pulled away from Dalton who falls to the floor.
I scream as loud as I can, “get off me,” but he tugs harder, I feel as if he is pulling my hair out of its roots.
“You aren’t fucking going anywhere you whore,” he scolds me; “you think you can just leave here after my daughter has died. You’re going to pay for that.”
I put my hand over his grip, trying to stop him tugging so hard on my hair, “you killed your fucking daughter you maniac, help, someone please help!”
He throws me on the floor and I fall awkwardly on my arm. I hear a slight snap and pain surges through me.
Banging and voices can be heard rumbling on the building door which has been jammed shut since I came in here, no doubt her father watched me walk in and done so afterwards.
I scream, letting people know we’re in here, “help, please help us he has a gun.”
“Shut up you little bitch,” Maddison’s father snarls at me, “one more fucking word out of you and I’ll blow your fucking head off.”
I see the craziness in his eyes; this man has completely lost the plot. I watch as he taps the gun on his head and mumbles things to himself. He doesn’t seem to care anymore that people can hear; people know we are in here.
I look over at Dalton who is still motionless on the floor, I shuffle over to him and shake him, “baby please wake up.”
I hear a slight grunt and the banging continues on the door, “what you going to do now,” I sob looking up at Maddison’s dad, “people know we’re in here, people are going to get in and then how are you going to explain this, you’re a murderer.”
“Shut up,” he screams, “this is your fucking fault, and his, I’ve....I’ve lost everything because of you.”
“My fault? I didn’t know anything about you or your damn company,” I snap, “how the fuck can you blame me or him for your fucking mistakes.”
Dalton shuffles slightly and slowly gets up, “David, this is no-one’s fault but your own you crazy son of a bitch,” he mumbles clutching onto his side, “people invested in your company but instead you took the money for yourself and lavished your daughter who was an undeserving little fucking cow.”
“I took what I was owed,” he spits at Dalton, “I invested my life to get that company off the ground, that money was mine.”
Is he honestly standing there trying to justify his actions? The money was his companies, not his and yet he thinks it’s okay to hold a gun to our heads.
Dalton falls back to the ground, I see he has no energy and he passes out. I shake him and try and wake him up but he lies unconscious across me.
I look up and Maddison’s dad is pointing the gun towards us, his hand is steady and I see in his eyes he has no qualms about killing either of us.
At that moment my life flashes before me and I drift into my imagination of what Dalton’s and my life would be like.
I think of our baby and picture a family, happy and playing together in a beautiful garden, with flowers that bloom and grass that is evergreen. The sun shines above us as we laugh and roll around in the garden, my family, my lovely family.
I hear a bang of something hitting the wall and then a gun shot. I pull Dalton into me and look as I see people running into the building and Maddison’s father falling to the ground.
I look around as things around me slow down; I’m not sure if I am dreaming or if there really are people helping us.
“Ma’am,” I hear sounding far away, “Ma’am, are you alright?” A man bends down and looks at me but I am speechless, clutching Dalton in my arms, “Ma’am, are you hurt?” He asks again, I feel a shake of my head and then they lift Dalton away from me.
“Wait, where are you taking him, bring him back, you cannot take him away,” I scream.
“Ma’am, please calm down,” the man urges, who I now notice is a policeman, “he has been seriously hurt and needs medical attention, are you hurt?”
“I...” I stutter, “Umm, I....I don’t know, where is he, where is Maddison’s father,” I ramble, my body has gone into shock and I do not know what’s happened.
“Is that the man who was holding a gun Ma’am?” The officer asks, I nod at his question. “He was shot Ma’am, can you tell me your name?”
“Aurelia Moss,” I mumble as I watch a team of people bring down Maddison’s dead body and her father’s carrying them away. Followed behind them are two more bodies of the poor men caught up his Maddison’s father crazy rampage of blame.
“Aurelia,” the officer distracts me, “we need to get you to the hospital.” I nod and agree as the officer takes me away. I watch the body bags, fearful that he is not dead and any moment he will climb out and attack me.
I am placed in the back of the ambulance, the lights flash and someone is attending to me, what the hell, is it over? I feel uneasy, lightheaded and then before I can say anything everything goes dark.













Chapter 20

I hear the sound of voices around me. My head hurts, my arm hurts and as I open my eyes I see nothing but white walls. A lady stands at the end of my bed looking at a chart with a man in a white coat; I must be at the hospital.
“Am I at the hospital? How long have I been here?” I ask my voice extremely dry.
The doctor looks at me and smiles, “yes you are, you have been out for two days, do you know what happened to you?”
I nod, “yeah, it’s hard to forget, the man went nuts and tried to kill us where is he? Did they get him, is my baby okay?” I ask worried.
The doctor nods, “yes, your baby is perfectly safe. We have done an internal and external exam and the baby well, embryo is very healthy. You have suffered a minor fracture to the wrist, some bruising and a slight concussion but other than that, you are perfectly fine. The man responsible I believe died at the scene, the police have been in here but I believe you gave them a statement in the ambulance.”
I gave them a statement in the ambulance? What the hell did I say, I don’t remember any of that, all I remember is blackness, how can I give a statement when I was unconscious. 
“You did wake for around an hour upon arrival and gave them what they needed, do you not remember?”
I shake my head, no I don’t remember any of that, but my baby is okay and they are dead, they cannot hurt us anymore, “Does that mean I can go home, I’m fine?”
“Well, we will need to make sure you are okay, after you have stated slight memory loss but that could easily be stress or your memory suppressing something traumatic, we will monitor you for the next twenty four hours but considering after that if your tests come back okay, you should be well enough to go home.”
I breathe a sigh of relief as my hands runs over my belly, those words have put me at ease, “and Dalton, is he okay?” Their faces turn, they were smiling just now and when I mentioned his name it’s turned, “What? What’s happened to him?” I fear the worst.
“Dalton suffered two gunshot wounds, several broken ribs and his skull had been severely damaged due to the beating he received by some object.”
“Is he dead?” I whisper terrified of the answer to that question.
“No,” the doctor replies, I feel relived until he carries on with his sentence, “he is in a coma and has been since you both came in here. The gunshots severed some major arteries and one entered his kidney and the other his lung. We have done all we can but there is nothing left we can do except wait and hope that he pulls out of this.”
I see the sadness in his eyes as he stares at my emotionless face. Words barely enter my brain, I didn’t even know he was shot, every time a gun went off both of us ducked for cover, how did I not notice a gun wound?
“I want to see him,” I tell them adamantly, the doctors look at each-other for a brief moment and then agree.
The wheel down in a wheelchair to the ICU, it’s quiet down here. Patients lie in their beds hooked up to tubes monitored by the nurses. I feel dread in the pit of my stomach, what the hell does Dalton look like.
As we approach his room the thoughts in my head finally have vision. There he is motionless, lying on the bed hooked up to machines, monitors and tubes. Tears form in my eyes, this wasn’t supposed to happen. We were supposed to just announce a take-over, hand her the divorce papers and be done with it, why did it come to this?
They leave me alone with him. The room is silent except for the sounds of the beeping monitors. I hold his hand, his warm still hand lying beside him, “Dalton, can you hear me,” I whisper, but he says nothing. “You need to wake up, please wake up for me.”
The nurse comes in and checks his chart, she looks at my sad face, I look at her, “can he hear me,” I ask her.
“I don’t know,” she replies “they say people in coma’s can hear us, speak to him,” she smiles softly, “you never know,” and she leaves.
I look at him, what do I say to him? Does he even know I am in the room? “Dalton, please wake up, I need you, me and your baby need you. I’m so sorry it has come to this, I feel like it’s all my fault,” I sob, “if I had just stayed away from you.” I lie my head down on his bed and snuggle into his hand. Before I know it, I drift to sleep.

“Aurelia,” a croaky barely audible voice interrupts my sleep. I move my head and look up to see Dalton trying to speak with a tube down his throat.
“Nurse, nurse,” I scream noticing Dalton’s eyes open and his hand slightly moving, “hold on baby, nurse come in here, someone come in here.”
A nurse comes rushing in and see’s he is awake. Immediately she calls for assistance and people come into remove the breathing tube from his mouth.
“Sir, can you tell me your name,” a doctor asks looking at his chart and monitor.
“Dalton,” he mumbles.
“Do you know where you are Dalton?”
“Hospital I think, judging by all of you, can someone get me some water, my mouth is dry.”
I kiss his head and cry, “my god you had me so worried, I’m so glad you’re awake.”
“I could hear your voice,” he caresses my face, “I followed your voice.”
I kiss him all over and he kisses me back, he seems to be alert and well all of a sudden, I close my eyes and thank god in my head.
“Dalton,” the doctor interrupts, “you suffered a severe blow to the head causing a bleed in your brain, and we operated however your head is slightly swollen so we have placed a bandage on your head for the time being whilst the swelling on your brain goes down as there is an open wound there. We also removed two bullets, one from your kidney and one from your lung, also repairing some damaged arteries.”
“Get to the point doctor,” he mumbles his voice hoarse from the rubes in his mouth and he grips my hand.
“Well it’s a miracle you’re awake and as alert as you are, you will remain in hospital for around six weeks, you will be monitored throughout, you have had some very serious surgery, and you will need to take it easy, we will run some tests today as planned and will see how you go.”
It is a miracle he’s awake. The surgery was very complicated from what it sounds like but he is awake and the main thing is getting him better.
“I’m so thirsty,” he mumbles.
“We will get you some water but for the time being you will be nil by mouth, we will provide you with fluids and see how you go for today.”
The doctors do another exam on him but all he does is stare into my eyes, “I thought I lost you,” I whisper to him.
“You could never lose me, I’m never going to be far from you, are you alright?”
I nod, “Yes, I’m okay and don’t worry about me, the baby is fine too. I’m so glad you’re awake, I was so scared.”
“What happened to those fucking bastards,” his asks angrily and barely able to move.
“Both of them, well they are dead. Maddison’s father shot Maddison when I pushed him, he also killed those two board members you introduced me too and I think the police shot him after. I’m not too sure, it’s all a blur, apparently I have already given a statement, but the good news is they are out of our lives and they cannot hurt us anymore.”
His hand caresses my cheek and I snuggle my face into his palm, “I’m so sorry this happened, it should never have gotten this far.”
“If only I stayed away from you,” I sob, “maybe it would never have gone this far.”
“Don’t blame yourself,” he whispers with sincerity, “those two were fucking crazy, none of this is your fault.”
“You should never have gone out alone until all the stuff was sorted. I mean, if you had just come back to mine or if I had just stayed with you....”
“Aurelia, stop trying to think of the ‘what if’s’ you will drive yourself crazy, I had something I needed to urgently sort out, they must have followed me.”
“Well promise from now on you will always text me so I know where you are.”
“I promise I will never leave your side,” he smiles.
I feel my belly rumbling, I know Dalton isn’t allowed to eat anything so I cannot eat here, that would be unfair to him. “I’m going to run down to the cafeteria, I’m starving and so is baby,” I smirk.
“Rub it in, I could destroy a steak right now,” he pouts at me.
“You know I didn’t mean it like that, if I don’t eat I will probably be sick. Besides, I’m eating for two remember,” I kiss his lips softly and leave.
“Aurelia,” he calls after me, I turn and look at him, “I love you.”
I smile back at him, “I love you too,” and head down to get something to eat.
I head back to my room and put on some clothes, my mother was rung whilst I was out of it, god knows what she thinks, and she must have been terrified to get that call. Thankfully though I know she has been here as there is a bag with some stuff in there for me, I don’t know where she has gone, I guess I will call her in a bit.
I chuck on some sweat pants and top and head down to the cafeteria. It’s full or doctors, nurses, patients and family members, I suddenly feel so alone.
Grabbing a sandwich to fill the hunger rumbling in my body, I sit down on a table and drift into space. I watch as everything around me moves slowly and I feel a slight pain in my wrist. The cast around my wrist is a lovely shade of pink, what doctor thought I would want a pink cast. I’m not five years old. I sit and tuck into my sandwich trying not to think about everything that has happened. 
“You must be Aurelia,” a woman says sitting herself next to me. I nod with a mouthful of sandwich, “sorry to bug you I’m Danni, Dalton’s sister, can I sit?”
I nod, Dalton has a sister? I’m confused “how did you know I was me?” I mumble.
“From a picture, Dalton sent us a picture of the two of you; we were supposed to meet you this weekend.”
Meet me? I didn’t know he made plans for me to meet his family, he hasn’t mentioned anything; I don’t know anything about them, apart from his controlling father.
“I heard what happened, my father was pretty mad afterwards, and then this was in the news.”
“I bet he was, when Dalton told me I could see it all kicking off, I never thought this would happen though.”
“Well, my father doesn’t know I’m here, Dalton has certainly shaking things up,” she smirks, “I guess my dad deserved it making him marry that woman. I always knew she was dodgy from the start.”
“He’s okay now,” I reassure her, “he was awake when I came down here, talking about eating a steak. He’s in pretty bad shape but he’s on the mend.”
“That’s good to know,” she smiles, “I’d love to know more about you but I guess now is not the right time to be going through all that.”
“No I guess not,” I shrug, “besides I’m sure your family will have something to say about me, the naughty office girl who got knocked up by her boss and broke up his marriage.”
She almost spits her coffee all over me, “what? You’re pregnant?” she gasps in shock.
“Yeah,” woops I guess I let that one out of the bag, “I thought you knew, you said he sent you an email.”
“Yeah with your picture saying he wanted the family to meet you, nothing about a pregnancy, just someone new which was you.”
“Wait, I’m confused, did you know about me and him before he divorced Maddison.” I look at her, “he told me it was a secret.”
She looks at me but smiles, “it was, the biggest secret, we didn’t know what he was doing, all he said was he wanted us to meet you as you were important and also that he and Maddison were over, we knew nothing of what he had done with all the companies until it was announced.”
I sit in shock, he made it sound like I was the only person who knew about all this and this was to be unveiled when it was announced.
I guess I was kept in the dark about a few things!























Chapter 21

“You seem annoyed,” she says noticing my changed expression.
“I am a bit, he made out no-one else knew about this, that I was the only one, I didn’t even know he had a sister.”
“You knew a hell of a lot more than we did honey let me tell you, and a pregnancy, no wonder he wanted to divorce that slutty scum.”
I almost laugh, slutty is not the word I would have picked, more like whore! “He didn’t deserve this though just because he didn’t want to be with someone he was forced to marry, and the fact he left your father’s business.”
“Yeah, “ she laughs, “daddy was really riled up about that, but doesn’t matter, Dalton was forced and it was only a matter of time before he retaliated. My mum will be so happy to hear she has a grandbaby on the way.”
I just smile at her, I seem to be bonding with someone I just met that is more than happy to discuss things she probably shouldn’t. 
“My father always pushed Dalton into things he didn’t want to do and me, well he was always different with me, I guess if I had been a boy then I may have had the same treatment.”
“Well, I can guarantee your father isn’t going to like me then is he?”
“No,” she laughs, “but my father doesn’t really like anyone unless he can get something from them.”
Charming, I haven’t even met the guy and after Dalton leaving and being announced as the new CEO his father once had shares in, I bet he’s beyond fuming. 
“Don’t worry about it so much. My father will calm down. He doesn’t know Maddison done all of this yet, once he does I’m sure he will come around and see was for all the right reasons, I hope.”
I look at her confused, “Ummm, how did you know Maddison done all this anyway.”
“After I saw it in the news, I knew even though no names were mentioned as both of you are in the hospital, they wanted to protect you for now, I spoke to the police officer, fucking bitch, should have been there, I’d have killed her before she could have blinked, always wanted to smack that snotty nose bitch right in her plastic face.” I can see how annoyed she is just by talking about her, I thought the family loved Maddison, I guess that was a wrong assumption.
Doctors start running from their tables. There must be an emergency but then I get a feel of dread in the pit of my stomach, that feeling that tells when you something isn’t quite right, once again I sense something is wrong, but what could possibly be wrong? We are both safe.
Danni is still chatting away but her voice seems to fade into the distance as I watch people rush from their seats.
“Sorry Danni, ummm, I’m going to go back up to Dalton now, I’ve been gone a while, I will let him know that you’re here though, will be a nice thought to him to know his family are around him.” 
“Oh, okay, well I will be waiting down here if you need me, and he probably won’t be so happy after everything but I’m here for the both of you.” she gives a friendly smile.
I excuse myself and walk back to the ICU still feeling like something bad has happened.
After everything Dalton and I have been through, everything has got me on edge since I woke up. After-all, the feeling could just be me and my imagination, my worries and fears because we have been through so much in such a short space of time. 
As I reach the ICU I see doctors and nurses running into Dalton’s room, and my fear becomes reality.
Dalton is being rushed out of his room and taken away, I try and ask but they rush off stating he needs emergency surgery, for what? He was fine, he was up talking and he was fine, what does he need surgery for?
I go into his room and sit there patiently waiting for him to come back, seconds turn to minutes and minutes turn into an hour, where the fuck is he, what is going on?
I feel tired and run down, so much stress on my mind and my body the nurse offers me a painkiller, my arm hurts, my head hurts and I feel everything is moving so fast around me. I am fighting to keep my eyes open. Unable to hold on any longer, I drift off into sleep.
I am awakened by the sounds of machines beeping. As I slowly open my eyes I see the beeping heart monitor and Dalton next to my chair hooked up again to all these tubes. 
“Dalton,” I shake him a little, “can you hear me? Dalton, please open your eyes.”
The door opens and a doctor comes in. He has that face, that face you instantly recognise when someone is coming to tell you something terrible, something you know you don’t want to hear. “What is it?” I mumble.
“I’m so sorry, we did everything we could....I’m very sorry....”
“No,” I whisper, I look at the monitor, it still beeps, it still shows a heartbeat, “no, he can’t be, his heart still beats, you cannot e dead if your heart still beats.”
“Miss,” the doctor looks at me seriously, “we ran a CT which showed a blood clot in Dalton’s brain, he seizure and we managed to sustain him on the way to surgery, but we didn’t get to it in time, the clot caused significant damage to his brain.”
“I don’t understand,” I sob holding Dalton’s hand. 
“Dalton is brain dead, the machines are breathing for him and keeping his heart pumping, but I’m afraid Dalton will never wake up.”
I collapse on the floor, brain dead? How the fuck can he be brain dead, why didn’t they notice the blood clot sooner.
“You performed surgery when he got here, why didn’t you notice the clot then, why?”
“He had extensive swelling on his brain and at the time there was no clot there, we ran a routine CT to check on the brains condition after he woke up and that’s when a clot was noticed.”
“You did this?” I yell.
“No Miss, we done everything we could to minimise risk of the brain surgery, I’m so sorry.”
I want to hit them, kick and scream and tell them this is all their fault. If this is what love is, pain of losing someone then why would anyone want it?
I feel like my heart is being torn in two and insides are breaking. Tears fall uncontrollably down my face as the doctor tries to console me and pick me up from the floor.
“Miss, we need to switch off the life support, his condition is not going to improve.”
Are they looking to me to make the decision? That has to be made by his next of kin, or family, surely not me and they cannot expect me to.
“I’m not his wife, I’m just his girlfriend and the mother of his child, I cannot make that decision surely. I need to speak to his sister; can you let me do that?”
The doctor nods, “of course, we will also need to speak to them about organ donation.”
“My god,” I snap, “he’s not even cold yet and you want me or his family to decide if you should take his organs? For fuck sake have a heart will you!” I storm off and head back down to the cafeteria where his sister is still sitting, still sipping away coffee completely unknown to her that her brother is brain dead.
“Oh hey,” she perks up, “the coffee in here is dreadful and I was beginning to get bored listening to this chatter, how is Dalton?”
I look at her and words fail me, how do I tell this happy positive person that her brother is brain dead and they want to switch off life support? Not to mention take his organs!
“What is it, you’re as white as a ghost,” she stands to her feet, “Aurelia tell me.”
“Dalton,” I sob, “He, umm,” I look at her face; her eyes are staring right into me. I see her fear, “he, umm...., he is on life support. They want to switch off his life support.”
Her face drops and she barely blinks, “but....” she stutters, “this, no....life support, he could wake up right I mean people come out of comas all the time?”
I shake my head and gather what strength I have left in me to tell her, “no, it’s keeping his heart beating, but he’s brain dead.”
She shakes her head uncontrollably, “no, no, this cannot happen, it cannot happen you said he was up he was talking, you said he was fine,” she sobs.
“Something went wrong, they did what they could but I’m not going to be the one who decides to switch his life support off, you need to call your family.”
She shakes as she pulls her phone out of her purse, “I can’t do this,” she mumbles, “how do I tell my family they need to make their way to the hospital to switch off Dalton’s life support because he’s brain dead.”
“You don’t,” I sniff, “you tell them they need to come to the hospital and tell them they need to see Dalton, do not give anything away until they get here. I have to leave you and go back upstairs, when they come in the doctor will direct you.”
I leave her deal with her family, I barely have enough room in my mind to cope with my sadness, and right now I cannot deal with hers too. I want to go and be alone with him before his family come.
I walk through the corridors of the hospital dragging my feet, delaying reaching the ICU. How do you say goodbye to someone you love? How do you say goodbye to the person who stole your heart when you didn’t expect them to?
I never knew what love was until I met Dalton, I guess that’s how you feel love. It’s when your heart gets ripped out at the thought of losing them, feeling for them and wanting them to be near. Be willing to die for them and fight for them no matter the cost.
I reach Dalton’s room and it’s nothing but silence except for the beeping sounds of the machine. I sit next to his bed and cup his hand in mine.
I stare at him for a moment, closing my eyes and then opening them again each time hoping that when I open them he will be looking at me, but it never happens.
A nurse pops her head in, “his family have been notified and are on their way.”
That was fast, how did the doctor know they had been called? I shake my head; I don’t need to be thinking of that right now. Too much thinking is distracting me from what’s really happening. I guess that’s why I’m doing it, distracting myself, avoiding the truth, avoiding the inevitable. It doesn’t matter how many thoughts I let distract me or how much I try to avoid this, no matter what, Dalton will never wake up and I will forever be without him.
I look at Dalton as the machine breathes for him, “Baby,” I whisper holding back tears, “I wish you could hear me, I wish you could open your eyes just one last time and look at me. Or open your eyes and stay awake, laugh and joke with me, tell me that everything is going to be okay. I want you to fight this but I know I have to let you go. I don’t want to, I don’t want to live my life without you especially when it has barely begun.” tears stream down my face, “I promise to look after our baby as best as I can and tell him or her everything about you, how you were brave and saved me and loved me like no-one else could. Our baby will be happy and I know you will be watching over us, a part of you lives inside me and you will always be in my heart. I love you so much, it’s okay, you can let go no, I know you’re holding on, I feel you here, let go where there is no pain anymore, where no-one can hurt you and you can watch over us. I love you....I love you,” I get up and lean over him kissing his soft still lips gently.
“Miss,” a nurse interrupts, “his sister would like to come in.” I nod and agree wiping the tears that have fallen down my face.
Danni comes in, her eyes are all puffy and red and her sleeve is pulled down over her hands. “Are you okay?” she asks.
“Not really, I’ve said what I needed to say to him but no, this will never be okay.”

She nods and hugs me, practically squeezing the life out of me as she seeks solace in me, I pull back and place a friendly hand on her shoulder “Dalton,” she whispers.
“I’ll leave you be,” I mumble as I sneak out leaving her in peace to say her goodbyes.
I watch them through the glass; she sits beside his bed and cries into his hands. Everything falls silent until I hear a dominant male voice and the clacking of heels. I look and see a man and a woman, very formal and looking angry heading this way.
I step to the side as they approach Dalton’s room and then I realise, it’s his mother and father.



















Chapter 22

“Oh my god Dalton!” his mother breaks down as she enters the room. Danni stands to her feet to hug her mother and then the door closes, I cannot hear them.
I observe closely as they all descend into tears but before I can think of anything to say to them when they come out, they are all looking at me. Danni signals for me to come into the room, I gulp and slowly make my way in. “Hi” I murmur nervously.
“You must be Aurelia,” his mother smiles, “I’m Noreen, I’m Dalton’s mother, Danni has....”
“Who is she, is she the one who made my son leaves my company and destroy his marriage,” his father interrupts with aggression.
“No of course not! He hated Maddison and the fact he was married to her, he was miserable and wanted out, as a father why, especially now can you not just be happy with that.”
“Happy,” he moves closer, “happy that my son is in here because someone tried to kill him for his decisions? Happy I have been called here to switch off my son’s life support because of you.”
Well, clearly he has been fully informed already and I don’t have to say anything. But by the looks of things and the fact he is blaming ‘someone,’ it seems he doesn’t know that Maddison did this, her and her father are the reason he is here, not me!
“John, this is not going to make the situation any better,” he mother shouts above him.
“Better? If this office raging whore had not come into our lives we wouldn’t be in this situation. Would we!”
“Whore?” I shout back at him, “you want to know what a fucking whore is? Maddison was a whore, sleeping with every Tom Dick and Harry and then paying them to keep it quite. Dalton didn’t die by someone who didn’t like his decision, he was murdered by his fucking ‘wife’ and her father, two fucking psycho’s because he wanted to be happy. I fucking made him happy. I gave him what he wanted; me and him were going to be a family.”
“And how to do fucking think you and him were ever going to be a family?” He asks coldly.
“Because she’s pregnant,” Danni blurts out. His mother looks like ‘oh dear Christ’ like she knew but she hadn’t told him yet. Great, another way my little secret is out, someone else’s gob!
He looks at me, his eyes narrow, “you are pregnant? So what, how do we know it’s Dalton’s, it could be anyone’s.”
Is this man honestly suggesting I sleep around and do not know who the father of my own baby is, is this man for real? What a wanker!
“Dad, of course it’s Dalton’s okay, I knew about it, well found out about it and mom knew about it and the only person who didn’t was you, stop be so fucking nasty all the time, can’t you see, Dalton is dead and you want to discuss and argue about who he stuck his dick into,” Danni snaps.
I stand there mindlessly staring at all of them, discussing me like I am not even in the room. As the arguments continue the doctor walks in and I’m so happy for the interruption he causes, “Mr and Mrs West,” he mutters quietly knowing he has disturbed a family feud, “we will need you to sign these.” The doctor hands them permission papers to sign to switch off Dalton’s life support. What great timing that is!
His mother takes them and sobs uncontrollably as she signs them, tears drop onto the paper as she hands them back.
I move and stand beside Dalton’s bed, holding his limp hand in mine. The doctor switches the machines off one by one until they run a flat-line. The monitor is then turned off and the room is silent.
“Is that it? Is he dead?” His father whispers to the doctor.
“No Mr West, the life support machines have been switched off so they are no longer helping him however it maybe a few minutes, hours or even days before his heart stops beating.”
Until his heart stops beating, words I never thought I would hear until we were old and I was thinking like really old. The doctor stands beside his bed and checks Dalton, that’s it, he’s gone. The man I love is dead! That didn’t take anything but a few seconds, a few seconds is all we had.
I leave the room and head back to the room I was in to cry silently by myself, but instead of being alone there is a man sat next to my hospital bed. It’s a dark tall man with a briefcase and a very expensive suit.
“Excuse me, can I help you?” I ask annoyed at his presence, sniffing trying to control myself.
“You must be Aurelia?” Why is it everyone says that when they meet me lately? I nod and just stare at him, frozen and barely moving as mind still tries to process everything, “Miss Moss I am Alfie, Alfie Stern, Dalton’s lawyer.”
Why is Dalton’s lawyer in my hospital room? “I’m sorry; look now really isn’t a good time, Dalton....”
“Died.”
“How do you know he died?” Has this man been hiding or lurking in the hallway?
“The nurse informed me, I have been monitoring him with the police and the doctors, I asked her to advise me if his situation changed as I had some things for you under strict instruction to do so in the event of his death.”
This is ridiculous, strict instructions? What the hell is this man on about? “Well if it’s to give me more bad news then you can get stuffed, I’m not in the mood to hear it right now.”
“No,” he opens his briefcase pulling out a wad of paper, “this is Mr West’s entire estate, his companies, houses and wealth he has obtained.”
I shrug going to sit on the bed, “and, what about it? That’s nothing to do with me.”
He raises his eyebrow, “actually it is, all of this is now yours.” I shoot a look at the lawyer and my mouth drops to the floor, “you see Dalton has signed everything over to you, everything he possessed in his life is now yours, to help you and your baby.”
Great, he fucking knows to wait, of course he knows and that’s not the issue here, “umm, I don’t need all that to look after my baby.”
“Dalton was insistent Miss Moss, this is all yours and it’s all signed.” He hands me the documentation and his words are true, what the fuck was Dalton doing. I want to run back in that room and scream at him, I don’t need his money. I have my own job and my own money, I would have easily survived on that, how the hell did he do all of this?
“Please sign here Miss Moss,” I stand refusing but the lawyer shoves the pen at me until I sign as instructed, still angry at the situation I squiggle a signature on the paper, “here you go.” He hands me a set of keys, each on is labelled to the property they belong to, “it’s all yours to do with as you wish, monies will be transferred to you accordingly and assets signed over will be processed and the new documentation will arrive to the address stated on there, other than that I will leave you to it, I’m sure you want to be alone.”
Alone? No I don’t want to be alone, I want Dalton to walk in here and hug me and wake me up from this nightmare, but it’s never going to happen is it. He is never going to hold me ever again.
I sit on the edge of the hospital bed gazing at the paperwork in-front of me. I need to get out of here. I need to go home. I pack up and head out of the hospital as quickly as I can. My mind is a blur, foggy with everything that has happened.
I head back to Dalton’s house I now seem to hold to keys to and the address on the documents.  I have never been to his house so I don’t know what to expect.
As I walk in, the hallway and staircase of this large house are very grand. I go upstairs to see boxes of clothes and pictures and someone’s belonging all chucked in one room whilst the others look immaculate.
Back downstairs I see more boxes and then I realise, this is all of Maddison’s things, he must have been here packing because none of it is packed neatly, surely if she was the one packing her own things she wouldn’t have thrown them into boxes. He packed them, did they argue here? Did she know he was doing this and then followed him? I dread to think of what happened here.
I go upstairs and find what I believe to be Dalton’s bedroom. It’s very large, full of white linen, cream carpets and cream and gold drapes and as I go further in, I see a note on the dresser with my name on it. 
Why is there a letter here of all places with my name on it? I pick up the letter and curiosity gets the better of me, I open it and read it, I’m afraid of what it says, afraid it’s from Maddison:

My Aurelia

If you are reading this letter then it means I left it here for you to find because something bad has happened. I know that must hurt you and know that this is not the way I planned things to go, I planned to have my life with you and our baby and more babies.
I have packed up her things and told her to leave, I gave her what she was due for her half of the house and I’m about to go and sort some things out, I hope I do get back in time to remove this and bring you home but if you’re reading it then it didn’t go my way did it. Her father and she have something planned, I’m not sure what but after that argument I’m not taking any chances of leaving things. I tried my best to give you the life I believe you deserved and upon my death you will have this. I know you don’t need it nor are you the type of girl to demand it, but I am no longer around and I want both you and our child to be okay.
I love you Aurelia, even though I am gone I will always be watching over you and our baby. You made me love again, you made me feel again and if I have died then I died knowing I got to be with you.
Forever with you

Dalton
Xx

Tears stream down my face, now it makes sense to me, He came home after I left him, they argued, he packed her things and she left. He knew something bad was going to happen to he wrote this, he went to those meetings to sign what he needed and on his way out, alone in the dark she and her father got to him. He knew it, he knew it was going to happen, that’s why he signed all of this over to me.
Why did I leave him? Why didn’t I just stay. After what happened I was so angry and confused I just left. I didn’t even know she had been released from jail, I mean for Christ’s sake, she set his car on fire, why did they let her go.
I hear the doorbell, I shove the letter in my pocket and head downstairs my mind wondering who the hell is visiting. I open the door to see his mother, his father and his sister.
“Look, now really is not a good time for you to come here screaming and shouting at me about things, it’s been a shit few days and I just want to curl up and for a moment pretend Dalton hasn’t gone,” I snap before they even walk through the door.
“My dear,” his mum smiles sweetly, “we are not here to cause an issue for you. You are part of our family now and you have our grandchild, we want to make sure you’re okay.”
“Yes,” his father coughs, “I know I shouted at you in the hospital and I guess some things are hard to get my head around, but I have just lost my boy, my only boy and that is something that will always hurt, that child is a part of him. I want to make sure you’re both okay too. I don’t some things I am not proud of, but there is no greater pain than losing a child, it makes you see, made me see there was so much I could have done, so much I should or could have said to him.”
“We all make mistakes,” I look at him, “Dalton told me about the business and the marriage, I understand all of that and I guess we all make choices, we shouldn’t dwell on the past or what you should or could have said to him, we should just remember Dalton, that’s what he would have wanted right?”
Tears well up in his father’s eyes, I see how hurt he is by everything that has happened, the guilt and the pain for the marriage he forced upon his only son, “we will be here for you, we want you to be okay.”
“Of course I’m going to be okay, I have a part of him inside me. Besides, he’s more than made sure I’m okay. I don’t want to spend my life arguing with you, you have to bury a son and I have to bury the man I love.” The torment shows in their faces, wanting to make amends I invite them in and before I know it they are helping me remove Maddison’s things.
It’s not my home and it will never be my home, I plan to put the house up for sale and move away just outside the city after all this, I can do what I need to do from there. This home was his and Maddison’s; he would understand why I couldn’t live here after what happened.
My heart aches for him, I wish he was here starting his life with me but it’s never going to be possible.
I have to think of my baby now and what is best for both of us, luckily, I have the support of his family and we can lean on each-other to get through this.







Chapter 23
11 Years Later

“Mom, have you seen my shoes? I can’t find them,” Gracie yells down from upstairs.
“I put them I your closet because you left them lying around,” I shout back up to her as I carry on with my daily routine.
Up, dress myself, dress Gracie, send her to school, check emails and authorise things for the companies and properties managed by a second partner for me and do housework.
Gracie Hope West, Dalton’s and mines beautiful little girl who is turning into a lovely young woman. She looks just like her father; she has his beautiful eyes and strong jaw-line. She does well at school and always helps me around the house.
I can’t believe it’s been eleven years and every time I look at her I’m always reminded of him. She never asks about her father, I have told her he died before she was born but never told her how, she has asked me a few times but each-time she does a lump appears in my throat and I cannot bear to talk about it. Pictures of Dalton hang around the house in random places and only one of us, it reminds me that he is always watching over us, wherever he is.
“Mom, I’m going to miss the bus” she grumbles coming down the stairs.
“You don’t have to take the bus if you don’t want to, I can easily drive you.”
“No mom, all my friends take the bus so I want to take the bus too,” eleven years old and already so independent.
“Okay that’s fine,” I smile proudly, “and don’t forget this and after school you need to head your grandmother’s and if Aunty Danni is there, tell her the new launch is going ahead next week so she needs to get herself sorted.”
She kisses me on the cheek, takes her bag and heads for the bus. I watch her run down the drive-way waving at me just as the bus pulls up.
A man begins walking up my drive, its Nathan, my trusted partner in the businesses that were left to me. Nathan came on the scene about a year after Gracie was born, he helps me run the businesses and the properties and he is very good at it. I don’t know what I would do without him sometimes.
He worked with Dalton when we were both at Advertising Development Ltd. He came with Dalton from another company and was always really friendly. He started his business in the building trade and built a very profitable and successful business, he now owns several building companies as well as helping me run the one’s Dalton left to me. After the funeral he offered to help and so did Dalton’s family as I tried to get used to running so many businesses and being a single mother.
He has been a great and loyal friend to both me and Dalton’s family. Danni did try getting on him at one point but he was having none of it.
But if Dalton was here today then he would be proud, his businesses are thriving and doing amazing, his companies are in the top one percent of most profitable and successful companies OF New York today, and yes I say his because to me, they are still his businesses whether he is around or not.
“Morning Aurelia, looking beautiful as always,” he pulls me into him and hugs me, for a moment I sink into his arms but then quickly snap out of it and pull away. He coughs awkwardly as there is suddenly some tension between us, “here I have these for you.” He hands me some paperwork and smiles.
I look back at him and smile, trying to remove the awkwardness, “ahh yes, I see, are these the new designs?”
“Yeah, pretty good don’t you think?” 
“Yeah, the new billboard of that clothing line needs adjusting, send it to the design team and email me with what they come up with, but other than that things are going good. And in regards to these,” I point out three properties, “they are in need of some work doing, the roof panels need doing on this one, and these two need some plumbing, can you get on that please.”
He nods, “of course I will,” he smiles taking the papers and brushing his arm against mine. He looks at me deeply, I know that look, I’ve seen that look it’s the ‘I want you’ look and immediately I pull away. That’s what the tension is between us, that sexual tension, the desire to rush into his arms or him in mine and be taken.
“What’s wrong?” He mutters.
“I can’t do this.”
“Aurelia, you have been alone for so long, I know you loved Dalton but don’t you think he’d want you to be happy? I know you feel something for me, we have a connection, I feel it and I see it in your eyes.”
He’s right, we do. I seem to connect with him better than I have connected with anyone since Dalton died, but I loved Dalton so deeply and still do. I feel like I would be betraying him if I got with someone else. I haven’t been with another man since the day he died.
“You deserve to be happy, you deserve to be loved and I’m sure he would want that for you.”
“How do you know what Dalton would want for me,” I hiss at him and his judgements.
“Because I worked with him too and I know he’s not the type of person to let someone he loves remain miserable and unloved for the rest of their lives.”
Okay I understood he knew Dalton but he didn’t know about me and him until he died, that’s when it all came out. Oh my, the media frenzy after his death, it went on for months.
My heart yearns for someone to hold me, I do feel lonely but I do not want to betray the love I have for Dalton. Can I love someone else and not betray his memory? I’m not saying I’m in love with Nathan of course not, but could I love again?
His hand cups my face, “Aurelia please, you know there is something between us, if we could give it one shot and if then you don’t want to I will leave you alone but at least give yourself a chance.”
Taking a deep breath I agree but a part of me is still reluctant to do this. “Please, come in and have a coffee or something.” I offer nervously.
Nathan walks passed me slowly as if also reluctant to come into my house. I make him a coffee and there is now an awkward silence in the room.
“Why does this now seem weird?” he asks me sensing the strange tension.
“I....I don’t know, I guess it’s because I’m nervous and scared.”
“Scared? I’m not going to hurt you, you can have me and still keep Dalton in your heart,” he moves closer to me, “we have been like this for over a year now, avoiding how we feel for each-other, you being cold with me and I cannot take it anymore.”
“I do have feelings for you,” I admit, “but you have no idea how this terrifies me. I lost Dalton, I watched him die and every day I wish I could have stopped that. I know he would want me to be happy too but how can I be when he is in my heart.”
“I understand you watched him die and what happened to him, that’s not going to happen, look Aurelia, love comes when you least expect it and even though he is in your heart there is room for me too.” He leans into to kiss me and for a moment I want to pull away but I don’t, instead I let him.
His lips touch mine and I remember what it’s like to be kissed by soft manly lips. His hands caress my face and then I am lost in him.
“I’ve waited to do that for so long,” he mouths, his lips pressed on mine.
“Me too, it was worth the wait,” I smile, my teeth touching his lips. This is the first time I have kissed a man since I have been without Dalton.
I have had offers of dates but never went through with them, I always felt like I was betraying Dalton’s memory, even though Dalton’s mother and father encouraged me to move on, so did my mother and father before they died, I simply couldn’t do it. I felt so alone for so long I began getting used to it. After Dalton died, my parents died a few years later; basically just old age and health issues, and Dalton’s family became the only family I had. I couldn’t date anyone no matter how much they encouraged it.
The date offers came but didn’t stick around for long. But Nathan, he has been there when I have been low, picked me up when I was down and never left my side when I needed someone.
Nathan and I engage in conversation about our lives, likes and dislikes and how Dalton and I started, I guess it’s nice to have a chat about the past sometimes. As we lose ourselves in one another, we fail to realise the time as Gracie comes through the door.
“Mom,” she shouts as she drops her bag and coat by the door.
“In here,” I respond. I look a Nathan and stroke his chin, “I will tell Gracie, first though, I need to have a chat with her about a few things. I’m not saying you and I will go far but I am certainly willing to date you.”
He curls up his lip, “well, I am certainly willing to date you too.”
“Hi mom,” Gracie says, her voice soft and sweet as she enters the dining room. She looks at Nathan curious as to why he is there; he’s normally gone by the time she gets home. 
“Gracie, I think you and I need to have a chat,” I climb up as Nathan excuses himself, kisses me tenderly on the chair and leaves to go outside.
I look at my beautiful brunette haired daughter staring clueless at me, “mom, is everything okay?”
“Of course, I want to talk to you about your father and other things.”
Her eyes narrow, “you never talk about my father, I’ve asked you and you just cry.”
“Well it’s time you knew,” I take her by the hand and lead her upstairs to my bedroom closet. There in the closet is a box, I pull it down and go back out leading her to the bed where we both sit.
“What is it?” She asks staring at the box, her eyes wide with anticipation.
“This is a box of all things I planned to show you one day about your father. Just so you know, I loved your father very much, he was my heart, my soul, the other half of me I longed for and if he was still here with us, we would be so happy. You’re nearly twelve now, growing into a woman and I want you to know.” I open the box pulling out newspaper clippings of the companies, the fight outside Hunt Construction Ltd and of course, the murder.
Her eyes widen, “mom, was my father murdered?” her voice is low.
“Yes, by the woman he was married to before he met me, I’m not going to go into detail, you don’t need to know that, but he saved me and you and made sure you and I had a life without worries. All of this, everything we have is down to him and darling,” she looks up at me with teary eyes, “your father loved you the moment he knew you were coming,” well at first he panicked and I almost ran away but he was happy.
“Mom, why are you telling me all of this now? I know who dad was, grandma tells me all the time, she says she doesn’t want me to turn into a kid that goes off the rails so she tells me stories so I know how wonderful my father was.”
I almost laugh, her grandmother thinks some strange things in her old age; “I’m telling you because even though I may get with someone else, or marry someone else, it doesn’t mean I didn’t love your father.”
“You mean Nathan?”
Wow, she’s more clued on than I thought, “yeah, Nathan.”
“It’s okay mom,” she shrugs clutching a photo of her father. “I like Nathan, he has always been there for us and I can see you like each-other, I don’t want you to be lonely and I know you loved dad, I hear you cry about it and plus grandma and Aunty Danni tell me these things, I knew something bad had happened, I gathered that’s why they keep telling me stories and saying they don’t want me going off the rails, some kids do that when their parents die, but I have you and I love you. I don’t want you to cry anymore, I want you to be happy.” She kisses my cheek and hugs me before she goes running outside.
I get up and look out of the bedroom and watch as she goes to Nathan who is playing with the dog. She joins in with him and I see how happy my daughter is, my smart clever beautiful little girl.
I don’t know what will happen between me and Nathan, but I know Gracie will grow to be an incredible woman, incredible just like her father.

##
