My Fair Lacey

By Janette Rallison
My Fair Lacey
by Janette Rallison
Copyright 2018
Dedication
To my Harvard-educated father, who did his best to teach how to speak correctly, even when I didn't want to.


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Other titles by Janette Rallison
Adult romantic comedies
My Fair Lacey & A Perfect Fit
How I Met Your Brother
Masquerade
A Longtime (and at One Point Illegal) Crush
What the Doctor Ordered (under pen name Sierra St. James)
YA fiction
Son of War, Daughter of Chaos
The Girl Who Heard Demons
Just One Wish
My Double Life
Life, Love, and the Pursuit of Free Throws
Playing The Field
The Wrong Side of Magic
My Fair Godmother
My Unfair Godmother
My Fairly Dangerous Godmother
All’s Fair in Love, War, and High School
Blue Eyes and Other Teenage Hazards
Revenge of the Cheerleaders
Fame, Glory, and Other Things on my To Do List
It’s a Mall World After All
How to Take The Ex Out of Ex-boyfriend
Slayers (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: Friends and Traitors (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: Playing With Fire (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: The Dragon Lords (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: The Making of a Mentor: A Tor.Com Original (under pen name CJ Hill)
Erasing Time (under pen name CJ Hill)
Echo in Time (under pen name CJ Hill)
If you like audio books, try:
Just One Wish audio book
My Fairly Dangerous Godmother audio book
How I Met Your Brother audio book
Erasing Time audio book (under pen name CJ Hill)
Echo in Time audio book (under pen name CJ Hill)


Chapter 1
Lacey Johnson had always thought that hitting rock bottom required you to be an alcoholic or a drug addict. But no. It turned out there were lots of ways to smack right into that piece of real estate. You could fall to rock bottom with one short trip to the bank to talk to a loan officer. That’s where Lacey had just been, and where she’d found out how worthless she was. At least, on paper, anyways. Which was all that mattered when it came to her future. Her dream of opening a new restaurant—well, it looked like it was gonna stay a dream. 
She lay on the couch in her small apartment, her hand dangling over the side into the potato chip bowl. And the chips weren’t even the reduced fat kind. They were the you’re-worthless-anyway-so-go-ahead-and-eat-junk-food chips. 
Her roommate, Jojo, came through the front door carrying an armful of painting supplies. Jojo’s older brother, Garrett, and her boyfriend, Anthony, followed after her. Jojo stopped when she saw Lacey lying face-down on the couch. “The meeting at the bank didn’t go well?” she guessed.
“The guy didn’t even consider my loan. He was all snotty and pretty much said he’d be wasting his company’s time to send my paperwork anywhere.” Lacey let out an overlong sigh at the memory. “My credit score stinks so bad, I think it’s got negative numbers.”
Jojo made her way across the room to the tiny kitchen that bordered the living room. “Couldn’t be.” She deposited her stuff on the counter. “You’ve never declared bankruptcy or anything like that.” Jojo was blonde-haired, blue-eyed, and so angelic looking that she seemed just a halo short of belonging on a Christmas card. She had a soothing voice to match, but today it wasn’t working on Lacey.
Anthony followed Jojo to the fridge, but Garrett paused in the living room to consider Lacey’s state. He had the same blond hair and blue eyes as his sister, but they looked less angelic on him. He didn’t belong on a Christmas card. He belonged on the cover of some business magazine with hot intellectual guys who wore stuffy suits and ties. Which was what Garrett wore most of the time. He’d finished his PhD classwork at Harvard and had come back to Echo Ridge as a business consultant for Kenworth’s department store while he worked on his dissertation.
Today, he wore jeans and a T-shirt instead of his usual suit. He and Anthony had been helping Jojo haul her latest sculptures to the art gallery where she worked, and now they’d come back to the apartment to eat chicken stuffed with spinach and feta cheese. Lacey had helped Jojo make it last night—the type of food that Lacey would apparently not be serving in her restaurant. 
“I think what you mean,” Garrett said, “is that your credit score is made up of imaginary numbers. You don’t even have a credit card, do you?” 
How had he known this detail about her? “I got a debit card. I never needed nothing else.” As a waitress, Lacey always had a stack of cash in her dresser, tips from the night’s work. It was easier to pay cash for things instead of going to the bank, putting the money into an account, buying stuff with a credit card, and then paying it off every month.
“You have to establish a line of credit,” he said. “The bank won’t think it can trust you with large quantities of money if it hasn’t seen you pay back small ones.”
Lacey sat up, annoyed with that logic. “I would think the loan officer would know he could trust me because I’m twenty-four, been living on my own for, like, six years, and never needed to borrow money before. Don’t that count for somethin’?” 
Garrett shook his head. “They can’t tell whether you’ve been independent all of that time or whether you’ve been living off your parents. See the problem?”
Lacey snorted, because really, she knew plenty of people from high school who were living off their parents, or at least their parents’ trust funds. Never done a real day’s work in their sorry lives, but she’d been working since she was fourteen. “The loan officer coulda asked that. But no, the guy just looked over my paperwork like he’s got lemons where the sun don’t shine, and tells me my business plan ain’t got no hope.”
Her plan had been to start a Mediterranean restaurant, which would fit in with the upscale tourists that strolled through Echo Ridge each day. Wealthy people flocked here for skiing in the winter, and in the other seasons came for art shows, mountain biking, and the tulip festival. They also came here just to hang out with other loaded people—like the place was a watering hole for the rich and famous. Lacey had so many good recipes. Her mother’s baklava alone could have paid the rent.
Jojo put the dish of chicken into the microwave to warm it, then took glasses out of the cupboard. “So get a credit card and pay it off for a few months, that’s easy enough.”
“I ain’t got the time.”
Mr. Choate, the owner of The Ridge Steakhouse was retiring in two months and closing his place. He’d bought the building thirty years ago, back before Echo Ridge had become so trendy, and he’d decided it would be easier to rent out the building instead of running his restaurant. Word on the street was that the steakhouse wasn’t turning much of a profit. It had a good location downtown, but the food was only so-so. 
As soon as Lacey had heard the steakhouse was closing, she’d gone to Mr. Choate and asked if she could rent the place. She didn’t have much money saved. She was only a waitress at the Ruby Resort’s restaurant, but she had waitressed for the steakhouse during her last two years of high school, and Mr. Choate liked her, always told her she was the most responsible and hardworking waitress he’d had. He told her if she could get a loan, the place would be hers.
“I’ve only got a couple of months to get funding, get business licenses, have menus printed, redecorate the place, buy equipment and food, and hire some people. That ain’t hardly enough time as it is.” Her mother and aunt had agreed to help with the cooking, and her brother, sister, and cousins had said they’d wait tables, but she’d need more staff. 
Anthony leaned against the counter and grunted. “Your credit score wasn’t the reason the bank turned you down. You don’t have a college degree let alone an MBA from some Ivy League school. The Wall Street types don’t think you know anything unless you’re one of them. It’s all about who you know in the old-boy network.”
This was probably a direct slam on Garrett, since he’d graduated from Harvard. 
 Garrett let out a dismissive sigh in Anthony’s direction. He wasn’t a fan of his sister dating Anthony. “Bankers don’t care who you know. They care about dollar signs.” He turned to Lacey. “If the bank thought you were a good risk, they’d give you the money. Your business plan most likely needs some tweaking, and…” His eyes ran over her, studying her and clearly finding her lacking. “…you need to present yourself as a competent businesswoman. You can’t look like you’re just some uneducated person off the street with big dreams.”
The comment stung, because she had no way to change that opinion. The truth of the matter was that she was an uneducated person with big dreams. 
The education part wasn’t her fault. She’d meant to graduate from college, had even gone to a semester at Fulton-Montgomery Community College, but she’d quit when her father was diagnosed with cancer. Someone had to take care of him, and her mother needed to keep her job as the assistant housekeeping manager at the Ruby Resort so they didn’t lose their insurance. For two years, Lacey had driven her father to treatments, made sure he took his medicines, and helped her younger brother and sister with homework. Then she’d worked nights waitressing, trying to help the family recover from their dad’s lost income. That’s what family did during tough times, they pulled together and helped out, even if it meant giving up some things.
When Lacey’s father died three years ago, she hadn’t had the heart to go back to college and worry about math and science classes. Besides, by then she knew what she really wanted to do—open her own restaurant. If she had her own place, she could make something of her life and help out her family too. Her mom wouldn’t have to put on a housekeeping uniform every day. She could co-manage the restaurant, work for something that was hers instead of spending her whole life slaving away for somebody else.
But in one afternoon, all of her research and planning, the whole dream had shriveled to nothing.
Jojo dished out the chicken and gave Garrett a plate. The group ate in the living room. They had to because the kitchen table was filled with paints and ceramic teacups. It was some sort of project Jojo was working on.
Lacey’s gaze went to Garrett. “Are you saying banks only give loans to college grads? If I had that kinda time and cash, I wouldn’t need no bank loan in the first place.”
“That,” Garrett said, “is exactly what I mean.”
“What?” she asked. 
He held out his hand as though showing her the evidence. “You don’t need a degree, but you do need to change your image. No offense, but with your grammar, you sound more like a person who’s going to hold up a bank than one who’s going to receive a loan. The business community won’t take you seriously if you speak like that.”
Lacey straightened. “What’s wrong with how I talk?”
Anthony took a bite of his chicken. “Nothing. You don’t come from money or belong to the same country club as the bankers do—that’s what it is.”
Garrett slowly shook his head. “The astounding thing is that you actually believe what you’re saying.”
Anthony bristled. “I call it like it is, man. The rich keep getting richer on the backs of the poor.”
Jojo’s gaze bounced between her brother and boyfriend. “Remember how you guys promised you’d get along today?”
Garrett ignored her. “You just told Lacey she couldn’t succeed because the cards are stacked against her. How does that help solve anything?”
“You need to fight the system.” Anthony turned to Lacey, still worked up. “You go back to that bank and tell them that you’ll sue if they don’t give you the loan.”
Garrett rolled his eyes. “Because that way they’ll think she’s not just a credit risk, they’ll think she’s a raving, crazy woman who’s also a credit risk. Yeah. Nothing spells success in business quite like those combined qualities.” 
Anthony waved away his words. “What do you know about it, blondie? You’ve never lived anywhere except your rich, privileged world.”
Jojo nudged him. “Stop it. My family isn’t like that.” 
Well, they sort of were. Garrett and Jojo Halifax’s family pretty much overflowed with privilege, which was why they could afford to live in Echo Ridge in the first place. Their father was a doctor and their mother owned a real estate agency. The Halifaxes could jet-set with the best of them. Jojo and Garrett had probably never been short of cash a day in their lives.
Anthony was still staring at Garrett, his eyes going all narrow. “Man, for someone who’s so opinionated, you’re awfully uninformed.”
Garrett rubbed his forehead and gave Jojo a patient look. “Please tell me you’re dating him just to bother Mom and Dad. This is a passing phase, right?”
Jojo hmphed indignantly, and just like that she was back on Anthony’s side. “You don’t understand the struggles of the lower class.”
Anthony nodded. “Try living on an artist’s salary for a while. No one appreciates or pays for artistic genius anymore. Corporations mass produce commercialized crap. Real artists can’t compete with that. And bankers,” he waved a hand like he wanted to erase them, “they’re like every other big business: they only care about their bottom line, and it doesn’t matter who or what they have to destroy in the process. They’ll never let the little guy get his foot in the door.”
Disappointment washed over Lacey. Was he right? Was she doomed to spend the rest or her life working for someone else—making them money instead of making it for herself?
Garrett stared at Anthony and pressed his lips together like he was making himself use restraint. “Okay, there’s only one way to show you that you’re wrong, and that’s to prove it outright.” 
He turned to Lacey. “Do you want me to help you get the loan, or do you want to give up and believe your failure is written, unalterably, in the elitist stars above us?”
No contest there. “I want the loan.” How was he planning on helping her? Well, really, it didn’t matter how, as long as it worked. The hope that had lain limp and dead inside her, revived a little, raised its head.
“Good.” Garrett turned his attention back to Anthony. “Let’s make a wager. I’ll not only help Lacey with her business plan, I’ll help her change her image, and by doing so I’m willing to bet she’ll find someone who’ll loan her the money she needs to start her business. And when she receives the green light for funding, you’ve got to promise to never talk to me about business practices, class warfare, or art again.”
Anthony made a disbelieving sound in the back of his throat. “What does art have to do with this?”
“Nothing,” Garrett said. “I just don’t want to hear your opinion about it, either.”
Anthony put his feet up on the coffee table as he considered. “What do I get if you lose?”
Garrett shrugged. “You get to console Lacey with the rest of us. Don’t you want her to succeed?”
“Yeah,” Anthony said, “but if you make a bet, the winner needs to get something out of it. How about you pay for a night out for me and Jojo? Anything and anywhere we want up to five hundred dollars.”
“Five hundred dollars?” Garrett repeated. “Your usual date consists of a movie rental and a bag of microwave popcorn. What are you going to do that will cost five hundred dollars?”
“I’ll think of something.” Anthony’s lips curled into a challenge. “What does it matter if you’re so sure you’re going to win?”
“Fine,” Garrett said. “You decide what the date is, tell me, and I’ll pay for it. But if you lose, my sister goes on that same date with whomever I choose.”
Jojo stiffened, frowning. “Hey, you can’t just set me up with someone else. I’m not a piece of property.”
Garrett smiled at her. “Why are you worried? Do you think Anthony is wrong?”
Jojo let out a breath of exasperation and took a bite of chicken. “Fine. I’ll take your bet.” She waved her fork in Lacey’s direction. “You see what I’m willing to do for you? I’ll risk going out with one of Garrett’s boring PhD friends just so he’ll help you.”
“Thanks,” Lacey said, a little uncertainly. She wasn’t nearly as convinced as Garrett that a new image could change her credit score, and she wasn’t sure she wanted to be in the middle of the Halifax family squabble over whether Anthony was good enough for Jojo or not.
Anthony was an okay guy. Sort of. Granted, when it came to art he was kinda stuck on himself. He painted pictures of things like toilet paper rolls and ripped cereal boxes and then got all ticked off because the world didn’t respect his vision. Like, whatever. A cereal box wasn’t worth all that much thought.
Garrett finished off his chicken, set his plate on the coffee table and eyed Lacey. “This will take some work. Are you willing to change your image?” His gaze stopped on her long brown hair. She wore it pulled back in a ponytail because she didn’t really know what else to do with it. Her hair had to be tied back for work, so it was easier to wear it that way all of the time. 
She shrugged. “Sure. I’m up for a makeover.” She’d always thought it would be fun to have one. She’d just never imagined Jojo’s older brother would be the one doing it. 
Garrett continued looking her over, his gaze more thorough than it had ever been before. Because when you came down to it, his gaze had never been even slightly thorough before. 
She’d known him since she’d moved to Echo Ridge during her sophomore year of high school, but until this moment, she doubted he could have picked her out of a lineup. In school, he’d been one of those cool seniors who was busy with sports and the student body. She’d just been another one of his sister’s nameless friends. 
Now his blatant appraisal made her shift uncomfortably. 
“Is that what you wore to the bank?” he asked. “A T-shirt and jeans?”
She glanced down at her clothes. “This ain’t a T-shirt.” It was one of her good shirts, a tight fitting red one with a V-neck. Everyone said the color looked good on her, and today she’d needed that sort of confidence. 
“Is it made out of T-shirt material?” Garrett wasn’t really asking a question. He was proving his point.
“Yeah, but it ain’t like some baggy thing you exercise in. Besides, who cares what I wear? I didn’t ask for a loan so I could start no fashion line.”
Garrett’s voice took on the tone of a parent explaining a homework problem. “Yes, yes. And no one should judge a book by its cover, either, but everyone does. Welcome to the human race. If you don’t know how to dress for a business meeting, why would anyone think you know how to run a business?”
Harsh. She hadn’t meant to go in underdressed. She just didn’t have any business clothes, had never needed them before. She wore her uniform when she waitressed and jeans everywhere else. “All right. I’ll go shopping for something that’s more businessy.”
“We’ll go shopping,” Garrett said. “I’m free right now. Does that work for you?”
“Yeah, but I can’t buy nothing ‘spensive.” The shops in Echo Ridge were way outta her price range, except the Second Chances thrift store. “You don’t really wanna  go shopping with me.”
His eyes ran over her again. “Yes, I do.” Apparently someone who’d worn jeans and a T-shirt to meet with a loan officer couldn’t be trusted.
He pulled his car keys from his pocket. “We’ll take my car.”
“Wait,” Jojo said, motioning to a pile of paintings stacked up by the front door. “You’re not done helping me move my art stuff.”
Garrett stood and motioned Lacey to come with him. “Au contraire. I’m off to fight class warfare, and I’m sure you agree that’s more important. But don’t worry, Anthony is still here to help you.”
Anthony didn’t look happy about the extra work he’d just been given, but that had probably been half the reason Garrett had decided to go with her.
Chapter 2
Not much later Lacey and Garrett were flipping through the designer racks in Second Chances. The designer labels stood apart from the rest of the clothes, because they cost way more. Lacey had never owned any designer clothes in her life, unless you considered Levis a designer. She’d never seen a point to paying five times as much just to have someone’s name on her butt. Seemed downright stupid, in fact.
Garrett had already given her a bunch of clothes to hold and he handed her one more thing. A pair of navy-blue pants with a hundred-dollar price tag. 
Lacey nearly choked. “A hundred dollars?” For that price they could have just picked something out at Kenworth’s. “What are those made out of—unicorn fur?”
He went back to flipping through the rack, unconcerned by her protest. “Quality pieces cost more.”
She held the pants up for him to see. “These are used. So unless their last owner had a hot night with Chris Pratt while she was wearing them, they ain’t worth that much.”
Garrett rested his hand on top of the clothes rack and sighed. “Transforming you is going to be harder than I thought.” 
“Why? ’Cause I don’t want to pay no hundred dollars for used pants?”
“Because bad grammar habits are hard to break. That will take much longer than just teaching you how to dress.” He gestured toward the back of the shop. “Go try those things on and show them to me. We’re going for sophistication.”
She took the clothes and tromped to the dressing room, steaming at the insult. What was wrong with her grammar? Sure, she’d been told by her English teachers that “ain’t” wasn’t a real word, but it seemed stupid to deny a word its existence. Millions of people said “ain’t” on a regular basis. People used it, people understood it. That made it a word, just as respectable as any other word. 
She’d always thought that if people didn’t like the way she talked, it was their problem, not hers.
Only now that a banker had nearly out-and-out scoffed at her, she wondered if Garrett was right and it really was her problem.
She made a mental note to add ‘‘ain’t’’ to the list of four- letter words she tried to keep from slipping out of her mouth, then put on a black skirt that had apparently been spun from the same unicorn fur as the pants. One hundred and fifteen dollars. She pulled on a dark green sweater without bothering to check the price tag. No point. It was gonna cost too much.
She gazed at the mirror. The clothes made her look . . . older. Less like she could be mistaken for a teenager. Which happened all the time. High school guys that came here on vacation were always trying to pick her up. So looking older was probably a good thing. But still, she didn’t want to pay an arm and a leg for clothes she was only gonna wear once to some meeting with a loan officer. 
She stepped out of the dressing room and stood in front of Garrett. He looked up from his phone. “Oh, those are bad.”
“You don’t like them?” she asked surprised. They cost too much, but she still thought they were nice.
“The clothes are great.” His gaze traveled over her, taking in each curve and line of her body. “Perfect, in fact. I was looking at your shoes on the floor of the dressing room. I’d forgotten we’ll need to buy those too.” He tapped out something on his phone as though making a note. “Go try on the next outfit.”
Okay, her flats were a little beat up, but Garrett was way too judgmental. The guy was wearing jeans right now, so obviously it was fine to be casual in public sometimes. She eyed his jeans for a moment, wondering if they were the expensive kind. Whatever they were, they fit him good. All soft blue and worn looking. Of course, Garrett didn’t have to worry about his clothes. When a woman caught sight of him, she was gonna end up checking out his body and face, not the fit of his button-down shirts. 
Lacey trudged back into the dressing room and pulled on the next pair of pants. The material was silky black, like it was supposed to have been used in a dress but had met with a sewing machine that had other plans. She pulled on the filmy blue shirt he’d paired with the pants and stared in the mirror. 
The clothes fit good, but where would she ever wear them? Not a bank meeting. This kind of outfit was what women wore when they were out on dates with rich men twice their age. She stepped out of the dressing room, and stood in front of Garrett, expecting him to admit the outfit was a mistake.
He was speaking on the phone, but gave her the once over. “Hold on,” he told whoever was on the phone. “Do you have a better purse than the one you brought with you?”
“No.” She didn’t add that she only had one purse. What was the point of moving all your crap from one purse to another every time you changed clothes?
 “Then we’ll need to look for a few of those too.” He waved for her to return to the dressing room.
She put on the next outfit. Pale gray jeans and a pink shirt with flouncy ruffles at the bottom. This outfit belonged to someone who wore heels everywhere and carried a little dog in a purse.
She strolled out of the dressing room and presented herself to Garrett.
“Beautiful,” he mouthed. He was still on the phone.
“I thought you vetoed jeans.” 
“Not those jeans. Those jeans make you look great. Or at least they would if you weren’t slouching. Stand straight.”
She was slouching because she was already tired of this. The clothes had style, not her style, but somebody’s style. Somebody who had an excess of money and probably too much fingernail polish. Besides, she couldn’t afford any of the outfits she’d tried on. Not if she wanted to eat this month. 
She went back into the dressing room and pulled on the last pair of pants he’d handed her, the navy- blue ones. She slipped on a cream top that begged for jewelry—for dangly earrings and necklaces filled with trendy charms —then stepped outside. 
Garrett was just hanging up the phone. His eyes ran over her with approval. “I’m good at this. I never realized how good until just now. All those years of being dragged on shopping trips with my mother and sister have finally paid off.”
Lacey smoothed down the shirt. “This outfit isn’t really me.”
“Exactly. That’s the whole point. We’re improving you. If I wanted you to wear things that were ‘you’ we would be standing in front of your closet instead of here.”
There were certain things Lacey had never realized about Garrett before. Like the fact that he could be a jerk. 
“What I meant was, I don’t like it.”
“How could you not like those pants? The last woman who wore them had a hot night with Chris Pratt.”
Lacey laughed despite herself. “And if they could work their magic twice, they’d be worth the money, but I ain’t counting on it.”
“I’m not counting on it,” Garrett said.
“Right. That makes two of us. Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
He fought a smile. “I wasn’t making predictions about your love life, just correcting your grammar. Go try on the dresses.”
She went back into the dressing room. She hadn’t worn a dress since her cousin Jasmine got married. This one was a black cocktail dress, way too fancy for a bank meeting. Why had he even chosen it? She slipped it on and tried to zip it up. The zipper wouldn’t move no matter which way she pulled it. 
“What’s going on?” Garrett called from outside of the door. “Why are you grunting?”
She gave up on the zipper and left the dressing room. “The zipper is stuck. See if you can get it.” She turned so her back was facing him.
“Okay, here’s another etiquette tip: a lady doesn’t grunt like she’s a linebacker about to knock someone to the ground.” 
Lacey didn’t grunt in annoyance, although she wanted to. Garrett was trying to help her. She should be grateful for that. “Are you going to be this way the whole time?”
“No, sometimes I’ll be worse.” He brushed her hair out of the way, and then tugged at the zipper. It didn’t move. His fingers slid along the skin on her back as he examined it more closely. The touch felt oddly intimate, made her skin tingle. She suddenly noticed how close he was standing. In the mirror, they looked like a couple, a boyfriend with his head bent toward his girlfriend’s neck to give her a kiss.
Garrett tugged a couple of more times. “It’s broken. Although maybe that’s not such a bad thing. They’ll have to discount the price, and we can have someone replace the zipper.” 
Lacey could do it. Her mother had taught her how to sew. 
He held the dress closed in the back so they could see how it fit. While he looked at the lines of the dress, she watched him. He really was handsome in a brainiac sort of way. Strong jaw, straight nose, ice blue eyes. He usually wore contacts but today he had on black glasses that made him look sort of like a blond Clark Kent. It was too bad really that he was so…she couldn’t think of the word. He wasn’t just on his high horse; his horse probably only ate premium oats that had been grown on an upscale farm.
“Not bad,” he said. “Pretty good, actually. Let’s see how the other dress fits.”
She went back into the dressing room and tried it on. It was a red one that hugged her figure and had a filmy skirt that swayed, cloud-like, around her as she moved. It was gorgeous and made her feel like a movie star. She wanted the dress even though she had no place to wear it. She flipped over the price tag. Four hundred and fifty dollars. The number made her wilt. She couldn’t afford it. With rent and bills, she never had much money left for other stuff. And she didn’t dare dip into her savings. She would need that for restaurant things.
She dropped the price tag and took off the dress. No point even showing it to Garrett. She shouldn’t have tried on any of this stuff. It was a waste of time. 
She put on her regular clothes, watching herself un-transform from a movie star back into an ordinary person. An uneducated waitress. Poor white trash. She hadn’t thought her jeans and T-shirt looked bad, but after trying on the other clothes, yeah, she looked like someone who had no money, and worse, someone who had no style. A boring person. One with a boring future.
She hung the clothes over her arm and plodded out of the fitting room. 
“What was wrong with the red dress?” Garrett asked. “Didn’t it fit?” 
“It fit great ’cept the price tag. That was way too big. Same as the rest.” She strode over to the return rack to hang up the clothes.
He followed after her, slipping his phone into his pocket. “Don’t worry about the cost.”
She let out a snort, also unladylike. “Look, I ’preciate your help, but we need to shop the other racks. We can find some normal clothes—ones where the past owners dated, say, Chris Pratt’s dentist.” 
Garrett took the outfits from her before she could hang them up. “I have a proposition for you. I’ll buy the clothes and whatever else you need if you’ll help me with my dissertation.”
She’d heard Garrett talk about his dissertation to Jojo—mainly complaining that he didn’t have an idea for it. He needed to do some sort of research with a business theme, then write about it to officially be through with his PhD. 
“Like what?” she asked. “You want me to type it up for you or somethin’?” That didn’t seem like it would be worth a couple thousand dollars in clothes.
“No, I want you to be it.”
He wasn’t making any sense. A dissertation had to be a paper written about something. “For real? How can I be it?”
“I’ll study the effect of diction, vocabulary, and clothing within the ranks of organizations. Mostly vocabulary. My hypothesis is that the higher a person’s verbal acumen, as it were, the better their ability to rise within the organization.” 
He smiled at her like she should not only understand what he’d just said, but think it was brilliant. She hated to disappoint him. “Can you say that again in regular English?”
“I’m guessing that if we improve your dress and speech, you’ll be able to get a better job.” He waved his hand over her. “You’re a waitress now…what jobs are above waitress in the resort hierarchy?” 
“Everything but the busboys and maid service.”
“Good. Good. So you’ll have lots of places you could move up into. Restaurant management. Event planning. Sales. Concierge. That sort of thing.”
“I don’t want a new job in the resort. I want my own restaurant.”
“And we’ll work on that too, but it won’t be a fast process. That’s fine though, because I just called Mr. Choate and he agreed to push back his retirement date by two more months to give you more time to get funding. That will give us a solid month, maybe a month and a half to work on your language skills before you meet with a loan officer again.”
“Mr. Choate agreed to that?” He wasn’t the sort of man to change his mind on a whim.
Garrett shrugged. “I had to promise to throw in some business consulting for his son’s car dealership, but I think it will be worth it. Anyway, you don’t have to actually accept a different job at the resort. But if they offer it, my point will still be valid. So, do we have a deal?”
She hesitated. He was not only going to put in the time to remake her image, and help Mr. Choate’s son, he was also paying a lot for her clothes. She didn’t want to take advantage of him. 
Garrett noted her hesitation. “As part of the experiment, I’ll be introducing you to people in the community, business leaders, people who can help you network. I have contacts.” 
He was sweetening the deal in an attempt to convince her. Maybe it was worth it to him to drop some cash in exchange for her help with his dissertation.
She smiled at him. “Okay. If you’re sure.” She looked at the price tags dangling from the clothes. “You don’t wanna go somewhere else that’s cheaper? We could drive to Albany.”
“Time is money,” he said. 
Yeah, maybe, but her time had never been worth that much money. 
“Speaking of time,” he added, “I don’t want to be halfway through this experiment and have you decide to quit.” He watched her, judging her reaction. “You’ll need to commit to the time and effort it will take to change your speech patterns. That won’t be as easy as buying a new wardrobe. Are you willing to do the work?”
“Yeah.” She shrugged. “How much time we talkin’ about?”
“I have no idea. I guess it depends on how quickly you learn.”
Then she had nothing to worry about. She’d always picked up new things quickly. She held out her hand to shake on the bargain. “I’m committed.”
Later on when she looked back at that day, she realized she’d learned her first real business lesson there in that shop. Never commit to something when you have no idea what it’s going to involve.
Chapter 3
 The next day Lacey worked breakfast and lunch for a convention at the resort, but was off that night. At six o’clock she went over to Garrett’s condo for a speech lesson. For some reason that she couldn’t quite understand, Garrett and Jojo didn’t live with their parents in their sprawling mansion on the mountainside. Lacey understood the whole live-independent-from-your-parents thing, but hey, if her family owned a mansion, she would have given up some independence to have a walk-in closet, a huge TV, and a Jacuzzi in the backyard. 
Jojo’s job at the Life Echoes Art Gallery paid for two of the rooms in their three-bedroom apartment. She used one as a studio and the other as a bedroom. But the apartment was in a low-rent place on the outskirts of town near the trailer park. Garrett’s job apparently paid better. His condo was closer to the center of town, one of the trendy places that looked like it was part of the ski lodge. 
Lacey hadn’t known what to wear, but figured since she was just going to be sitting in his living room, she didn’t need to dress up in the stuff he’d bought her. She had on a tight-fitting black T-shirt and her favorite jeans, the ones that fit like a glove and made guys notice her long legs and slim waist. It was stupid of her to try and impress Garrett, but she wanted to show him that some of her clothes were flattering, that not everything she owned made her look boring. 
When she rang Garrett’s doorbell, he answered with a smile, looking genuinely glad to see her. “Good. You’re here.” He opened the door to let her inside and his smile quickly changed to his usual business-like expression. She wondered if college taught that expression: the serious, calculating look.
He led her into a living room with sleek matching furniture and a large picture window. A tripod with camera was set up in front of a chair. “What’s this?” she asked.
“I need to record you talking for a baseline, to establish your original speech patterns. I’ll ask some questions and you’ll answer. It doesn’t matter what you say, really.”
She sat down on the chair uncomfortably. “Why the lights?”
“We might as well do this right.” 
“You just have this sort of equipment laying around?”
“They’re Jojo’s. She got them during her photographer phase.”
“Oh.” Lacey vaguely remembered that Jojo had taken pictures for the school yearbook. 
Garrett handed her a pen and a couple of forms with her name on the top. 
“What are these?” she asked.
“Contracts,” Garrett said. He picked up his camera and clicked a picture of her. Unsatisfied, he adjusted the lights. “The contract outlines that I’ll give you speech and decorum lessons. In return you’ll follow those lessons and change your speech patterns until the experiment is over. It also states that your only remuneration for this service is a new wardrobe.”
 She snorted at the thought of him going to the bother to type this up. “Are you for real? I mean, we know each other. We’re, like, friends.”
Garrett peered over the top of his camera at her. “That’s the sort of statement that makes me realize my education is worth every penny I paid for it.” He took another picture and tilted the light so it pointed up more. “A contract is always necessary. Even between friends.”
“Makes me wonder about your friends.” 
“Once you run your business, you’ll work with lots of people. Suppliers, delivery men, contractors, advertising people. Be friends with all of them, and trust none of them. In fact, before every business transaction, you would do well to ask yourself, ‘What would my lawyer do?’”
She signed her name across the page. “Have you always been this cynical?”
“Only since I realized what human nature is.” He took another picture of her, then looked at the camera’s screen. “Why aren’t you wearing your new clothes?”
Last night after they’d struck their agreement, Garrett had found several more outfits for her at the consignment store, then stopped by Kenworth’s to pick up more stuff. She hadn’t been able to fit it all in her closet. She’d had to bag up her winter clothes to make room. Then she’d spent a good five minutes just staring at the haul. It felt like someone else’s stuff. Like some rich person had moved into her room.
“I didn’t think I’d need it for lessons. I didn’t wanna, like, stain it or something.”
“You’re becoming a new person,” he said. “That has to be all of the time, not just some of it. The clothes are your reminder of that fact. Speaking of which, I ordered a couple of purses and some shoes for you online.” He hadn’t liked any of the purses they’d seen last night, and only approved of two pairs of shoes she’d tried on. Some black leather flats and a pair of white sandals.
“You shouldn’t have ordered shoes online,” she said. “I gotta try those on, make sure they’re, like, comfortable.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” 
She thought he was going to tell her that quality shoes were better than the junk she usually bought, so of course they’d fit better. 
Instead his lips quirked into a grin. “Heels are never comfortable. They’re just supposed to look good.” He lifted an eyebrow at her. “How is it that you’re a girl and didn’t know that?”
He had a point. “Okay, but some are less uncomfortable than others.”
“If they don’t work, we’ll send them back.” He made a final adjustment on the lights and stepped back. “I think we’re ready to start.”
He turned the record button on, and said the day’s date. Then he sat down on a chair behind the camera. “Tell me about yourself. Where did you grow up?”
“California,” she said. “East LA. We came here when I was like, fifteen.”
He made a rolling motion with his hand for her to continue. “Why did you move?”
“Oh. Um, my little brother, Paul, he got into some crap at school. Started hanging with some wannabe gangsters. They were all, you know, giving themselves the ten-finger discount at the store and the cops busted ’em. Well, my parents weren’t standing for that nonsense. My mom was like, we moving or we gonna be visiting that boy in prison.”
Lacey felt odd saying these things to Garrett, to a camera. The lens was just sitting there recording her, waiting for her to make mistakes. She hadn’t said ain’t yet. Was she supposed to say it because this was a baseline video… or maybe not because he’d already told her not to?
“Why did your parents choose Echo Ridge?” he asked.
“My aunt and uncle live here. They help manage the trailer park. They let us stay with them until my parents found jobs.” Both families still lived over at the trailer park. Close enough to walk to Sunday dinner, but far enough away not to be in her hair.
“Do you like it here?”
She shrugged. “Most people are cool, but man, the winters suck big time.” She held up a hand, like he would argue the point. “I know, we’re s’posed to be all dope about snowboarding ’cause that’s ice money, you know, but it’s like, you step into the street in January and you can’t find no cars because they’re buried under five feet of snow. They’re like car-icicles. I can’t tell you how many times I had to hoof my butt up to the bus stop ’cause my car don’t start when it’s ten below.”
The conversation went on for another hour with Garrett making comments and asking questions about her life. He seemed so interested that she nearly forgot it was all for his project. Talking with him felt like the way she talked with a guy when she was on a first date, and the two of them were getting to know each other.
Could Garrett ever see her that way? As someone he would date?
He nodded with understanding when she talked about her younger brother and sister, how she wanted to give them opportunities she hadn’t had. And he’d been completely into her story about her worst date ever. A year ago last fall, she’d gone out with a smooth-talking out-of-towner who’d thought she owed him something because he’d taken her out to dinner at The Overlook.
“I mean, please,” Lacey said. “I work at a restaurant and they give us leftover food all of the time. It takes a little more than coconut shrimp to impress me. And the way he went on about his Armani suit, you’d think the guy had somethin’ going on with it. So the dude drives me up the mountain in his Jaguar, goes to the lookout at Parley’s Point—I don’t know how he knew where the makeout spot was, but whatever, Mr. Jaguar wants to get busy in his car. When I said no, he got all ugly and was like, ‘If you don’t put out, you’ll be walking home.’ And yeah okay, there wasn’t no snow out, but it was still cold.”
Garrett’s eyes widened. “Tell me this story ends with a well-delivered knee to the groin.”
“Better. I pretended to change my mind. I was like, ‘Undress so I can give you a massage you’ll always remember.’ When he wasn’t wearing nothing but an eager smile, I grabbed his keys from the ignition and shot out of the car. I figured if I was walkin’ home, he was too. So he comes after me, running and swearing at me to give him back his keys—even picked up a stick—but I just booked it into the trees. I had shoes on and he didn’t, so he didn’t get far over the rocks and pine needles. And the best part was that as soon as he got out of his car, I hit the lock button on his key fob. 
I mighta had to stumble through the forest a bit, and I had to call my brother to pick me up. But Mr. Jaguar was stranded on that mountainside, buck naked without even a phone to use. Made every minute I had to wait for my brother worth it.”
Instead of laughing like the people at work had done when she’d told them the story, Garrett stared at her, slack-jawed. “Did you report him to the police?”
“Oh, they knew about him. They were the ones who picked him up off the side of the road. He was trying to hitchhike his way back to town, but wasn’t having a lot of luck, you know, on account of the whole buck naked thing. An officer showed up on my doorstep late that night and said Mr. Jaguar had accused me of stealing his car. Course I set the cop straight. I told him the car was right where the guy left it when he ran after me waving a stick. 
The officer took my report but said if I wanted to press charges, I’d have to go to court. Long story short, I couldn’t hire a lawyer and Mr. Jaguar could, and he said he’d countersue if I took him to court, so I dropped it. I didn’t return his car keys though. Told the police I dropped ’em in the woods, but I keep ’em on my dresser as a trophy.”
Garrett made a grumbling noise in the back of his throat, clearly unhappy about how the story had ended. “The guy just got away with it?”
“Well, the thing is, he only threatened me, and it was just my word against his. He didn’t actually do anything illegal, so I didn’t have much of a leg to stand on.” She folded her arms with satisfaction. “Although the legs I was standin’ on were wearing clothes, so there’s that. I’d like to think that all those people who passed him while he was hitching naked, took pictures of him and they’re on the internet somewhere.”
Garrett’s jaw went tight. “Next time you might not get away so easily. You need to be more careful about the men you date.”
“I am. I don’t go out with tourists no more. Well, not unless I’m really sure I can outrun them.”
Garrett still didn’t laugh. “I would tell you to only go out with guys Jojo approves of, but since she started dating Anthony, I’ve stopped trusting her judgment.”
“Anthony’s not that bad.” He was full of himself and seemed to think he was above doing any work but painting, but he wasn’t outright bad.
Garrett let out an incredulous cough. “Your judgment is clearly lacking as well.”
“After I get my loan, you can set her up with someone you think is totally your kind of dude.”
“Trust me. I’m counting on it.”
Which seemed to remind him that they were working, not talking. He glanced at the clock, then turned off the camera. “That’s more than enough footage for a baseline.” 
He stood up, picked up a piece of paper from an end table and handed it to her. “This is a credit card application from Citibank. I’m cosigning so they’ll approve it. You’ll only have a thousand-dollar limit, but it’s a start. Use it when you do your shopping and make sure you pay it back on time.”
“Okay,” she said. “Thanks.”
He held out a smart phone to her. “I’ve uploaded a few dozen audio books and ebooks onto this. Your assignment this week is to read for five hours a day.”
She blinked at him. “Why?”
“Reading exposes you to new vocabulary and will give you a feel for correct English.”
She took the phone reluctantly. “I can’t read that much. I gotta work.”
“You have to work,” he said.
“Right. I’m glad you see my point. Maybe I can get through one book…” 
 “I wasn’t agreeing with you,” he said patiently. “I was pointing out that ‘gotta’ isn’t actually a word. You meant to say ‘got to’ which in this case is also incorrect usage.” 
He picked up another paper from the end table and held it up. “This is a list of words you are to immediately strike from your vocabulary. You’ll see that the word ‘like’ is bolded. Unless you are composing a simile, don’t let that word come out of your mouth.” He clicked his pen and began writing on the paper. “I’m adding ‘gotta,’ ‘wanna,’ and any references to your or anyone else’s butt. Also, I want you to make sure you are pronouncing all of a word’s syllables, not just the ones that strike your fancy.” 
He handed her the list. “When you’re listening to the books and you hear words you’re unfamiliar with, look them up and then use them yourself three times that day. Understood? Three times.”
She waved the phone at him. “Okay, let me say this in correct English. I can’t read books for five hours a day because I have to work.”
He pulled earbuds from his pocket and handed them to her. “That’s why you can listen to them as well. Listen in the car, while you eat, whatever you’re doing. To learn a foreign language, you have to immerse yourself in that language. You need to do the same thing.” He let out a breath as though she was about to go on an adventure. “You, Lacey Johnson, are going to learn proper English.”
***
Over the next few days, Lacey listened to Charles Dickens novels: Great Expectations and Hard Times. The sentences all seemed so long she had problems following them. Her mind kept wandering and she had to rewind and repeat. Garrett called her during the day to check on her progress. “What do you think of the books?” he asked.
She was in the middle of polishing silverware for her shift at the Ruby Resort’s restaurant, The Stone Hearth Lodge. She held the phone against her mouth with her shoulder and wiped off water spots from a fork. “I think Great Expectations could have been greater, and I’m having a hard time getting through Hard Times.”
He chuckled but when he spoke again his voice was back to its teacher-like tone. “Have you looked up the unfamiliar vocabulary words and used them?”
“Yeah. But I don’t think it’s such a good idea. I mean, yesterday when I told my boss I was feeling sagacious, she said I could take a sick day. And you don’t want to hear what the girls at the front desk said when I used the word impregnable. People are looking at me strange.”
“People are looking at you strangely,” he said.
“Yeah. I know. I ain’t using that word two more times today.”
He sighed. “Maybe you should start out with better-known vocabulary.”
“How would I know what is better-known? And how am I supposed to use words like felicitous and rumination in regular conversation?”
“I will happily consider that problem,” he said.
It took her a moment, but then she laughed. “Okay, while you’re ruminating in felicitations or whatever, I’m gonna stick with real words.”
“Gonna?” he asked.
“You’re being . . . hang on a sec . . .” she flipped through the notepad she kept in her pocket while she read. “Contemptible.”
“Good,” he said. “Now you just need to find a way to use that word two more times today.”
“Might not be hard,” she said. “How long are we going to talk on the phone?”
“That’s the indomitable spirit I expect.”
Was he complimenting her or insulting her? “I would totally have a response to that if I knew what ‘indomitable’ meant.”
He laughed, a deep, rich sound. “Look it up and I’ll see you on Thursday night for your next lesson.”
***
When she went over to his place Thursday night, the two of them sat in his living room for a few minutes drinking hot chocolate and making small talk. He was friendly—charming even—that was, until he switched into teacher-mode. Then he explained the concept of double negatives and reminded her that ‘like’ wasn’t an all-purpose word that meant said, felt, and about. He gave her flashcards with words such as surreptitious, capitulate, and quandary written on them, then handed her another list of words she wasn’t saying correctly. She also needed to make sure she pronounced her ‘ings.’
“You aren’t shakin’, hangin’, or sleepin’.”
“Well, I’m not lately,” she said. “All I’m doing is listening to books.” She’d begun to look longingly at the TV in her apartment. It seemed like so long since she’d watched anything.
He didn’t comment on her schedule. He handed her a transcript of the first ten minutes of conversation she’d had with him last week and told her to answer the same questions using proper English this time.
It took over an hour because he kept stopping to correct her and by the end of the session she was pretty sure that she hated grammar and him, but maybe not in that order. Then he assigned her more books to read.

Chapter 4
On Sunday, she went to her mom’s for their usual family dinner. Aunt Irene, Uncle Luis, and her cousins Martin, Vincent, and Jasmine came too. Her brother, Paul, was also there, along with her younger sister, Anna. They ate and laughed around the kitchen table like they always did, in a comfortable relaxed way. It didn’t take the family long to notice her attempts at higher vocab. 
When Lacey said The Stone Hearth Lodge’s new citrus salad was cumbersome and perhaps inscrutable, Anna rolled her eyes. Anna was eighteen, and rolled her eyes a lot. “Who you think is eatin’ with us? The Queen of England?”
Lacey dished up some of her mother’s spicy chicken casserole. “Obviously not. We would have cleaned the house better for the Queen.”
Vincent joined in the eye rolling. He was her youngest cousin—sixteen, but still an expert eye-roller. “Don’t be gettin’ all high and mighty on us. You gotta keep it real, man.”
Lacey’s mother buttered a roll. Her mother wasn’t exactly overweight, just round and soft like a mother should be. Her glossy brown hair was twisted up in a bun, and spots of flour smudged her shirt. Cooking was an art to her. She never worried about the mess it might cause. “I don’t know about Garrett Halifax. What makes him think you gotta change how you talk? He wants to make you sound like someone else.”
Paul nodded. He was twenty-one with short-cropped brown hair and an ever-growing collection of tattoos on his right arm. “Someone who’s all prissy.”
Lacey bristled. She wasn’t prissy. “No, Garrett is trying to make me talk like someone who’s educated.” 
Paul reached over her for a roll. “You’re educated. I seen you get your high school diploma.”
 “College educated,” Lacey clarified. “You didn’t see me get that diploma.”
Martin dumped a large helping of casserole onto his plate. Her mother’s cooking was so good that people never took small portions. “College,” he said, like the word tasted bad. “Costs about a hundred thousand dollars, and half the time you still can’t find no job when you graduate. It’s a racket.”
Lacey took a bite of casserole. “I didn’t say I was going. I’m just supposed to sound like I did.”
Paul took a bite of his casserole. “You don’t gotta change the way you talk to run a restaurant. You don’t gotta act like you’re one of those people who’s all full of themselves.”
Lacey glanced around the table. Her cousins, Vincent and Jasmine, were nodding in agreement. But she wasn’t full of herself. Talking different didn’t change that. Lacey sat straighter, determined to make her point. “You have to talk right to be taken seriously. Politicians, newscasters, businessmen—they all sound smart. They got to. Would you trust your doctor if she said, ‘Hey man, I like, don’t know why you got a temperature. It just don’t make no sense.’” 
Aunt Irene leaned toward the group, trying to stop the argument. “Learning new words is a good thing. We should all do it. Lacey ain’t the sort who’s gonna start acting like she’s better than everyone else.”
“I’m not better,” Lacey said. “I’m just the one who’s taking Garrett’s help to get the loan. And so I’m the one who’s also being forced to find ways to use words like ubiquitous and venerate. It’s downright cumbersome. Which, by the way, is only the second time I’ve used that word today. I still got one more to go.”
Vincent made a snorting noise like he couldn’t believe she was doing this. “Pretty soon we won’t be able to understand nothing you say.”
“I’m sure listening to me will be a cumbersome ordeal.” She took a drink, then set her glass down. “Done with that word. Now I got to think of three things to venerate.”
Lacey’s mother made tsking noises. “I know Jojo’s brother is trying to help you, but I don’t know if I approve of him.”
Lacey pushed her casserole around with her fork. Didn’t matter what her mother thought of Garrett, really. They weren’t ever going to meet or anything. They didn’t exactly run around in the same circles. “You don’t have to approve of him. It’s not like we’re dating.”
“Yet,” her mother said. “You’re a beautiful girl. The man has eyes.”
“He’s got them,” Lacey said, “but he’s not using them. At least not to look at me.” She didn’t know why she suddenly felt so irritated by this fact. She wasn’t interested in Garrett, even if he was all hot in his intellectual way. 
Time to change the topic back to her vocabulary efforts. “I’m not going to talk this way all of the time. I’m just learning how so I can talk proper when I need to. And right now I need to practice.”
Paul bit into his roll. “It’s cumbersome, man. You got that right.”
“See,” Lacey said. “Sometimes those big words come in handy.”
***
Lacey’s second week of practice went about the same as the first had, and the third wasn’t much better. Her boss didn’t appreciate it when he overheard a customer asking how the lasagna was and she answered, “Ignominious.”
Ignominious, it turned out, was a word her boss knew.
She read more Dickens along with Wuthering Heights, and Frankenstein. When she went to Garrett’s house for her next lesson, he led her into the living room and asked, “What did you think of this week’s literature?” 
“I never knew British dudes had so many problems.” She plopped down onto his couch. “They all seemed like they had such boring lives.”
He laughed and she couldn’t keep herself from staring at him. He looked good when he laughed. He seemed relaxed, touchable, and . . .well, there was probably some hyped up word with lots of syllables that smart people used to describe a guy when he looked that way, but she hadn’t learned it yet.
He gave her a twenty-minute lesson on verb tenses, then spent another twenty minutes quizzing her on it. “Which is correct: They is meeting you later or they are meeting you later?”
“Neither. I don’t have time to meet anyone. I sold my soul to Garrett Halifax.”
“Correct,” he said, and there was a pleased glint in his eye.
“You’ve already grammarized my business plan. When should I set up another appointment to see a loan officer?”
“When you can go an entire conversation without making an English teacher cringe.”
She gave him a dark look.
“But you’re improving nicely,” he added, clearly trying to make up for the last comment. “I’m sure you’ll be ready for a meeting soon.”
He’d taken more of the transcript of her first recorded conversation and he went over every sentence with her, showing her the mistakes, and then had her re-say them the right way. “Whenever you have the urge to use the word ‘got’ use the word ‘have’ instead. I’m not going to explain the grammar behind it. Just trust me on that one.”
 Then he sent her home with another playlist of books to listen to. Boring books. No, not boring. Dull and mundane. Those were the sorts of words she was supposed to use now. 
The next week went like the others had, except that on Tuesday, her night off, he showed up at her apartment with a large restaurant bag from the Szechwan Dragon. “I come bearing offerings of sesame chicken and sweet and sour pork,” he told her, “and of course I wanted to check on your progress.” He brushed by her, and set the food down on the kitchen table, now cleaned off from Jojo’s art project.
“What progress?” Lacey asked.
“That’s what I was afraid of,” he said with a sigh. He looked over her yoga pants and T-shirt. “Is it too much to hope that you were just exercising and haven’t actually been wearing that all day?”
“It’s my day off,” she protested. “I haven’t gone nowher—anywhere.”
Jojo breezed in and gave her brother a hug, so he didn’t say anything more about Lacey’s clothes. The same wasn’t true about her speech. As they ate dinner, every time she made a mistake he repeated the phrase in a questioning voice. “You were like doing laundry?”
By the end of the meal, Lacey was gritting her teeth and Jojo was sending her brother disapproving glares. “You’re being mean.”
“It’s tough love,” he said. “She can’t just practice her grammar for the few hours a week she’s with me. It has to be ingrained in her.” He looked her over the same way her uncle looked over her car when it had stopped working and there wasn’t an easy way to fix it. “You need more help and apparently Jojo isn’t going to give it.”
Jojo sent Lacey an apologetic look. “He wants me to correct your grammar too. I told him I wouldn’t. I mean, I don’t mind reminding you to keep good posture,”—which she had been doing repeatedly over the last few weeks—“but I draw the line at being the grammar police.” Jojo turned to her brother. “Anthony is right. I don’t think you should try to change Lacey. It’s taking away part of who she is.”
Garrett finished off his fried rice. “First of all, the sentence ‘Anthony is right’ is an oxymoron. Second, I’m not taking anything away from Lacey. I’m adding to her vocabulary.” His eyes went to hers, and there was a sort of warm softness to them. “I’m trying to open doors for you; you understand that, don’t you?”
 “I understand,” Lacey said. “And I even appreciate it. Although that might not be evident by the way I keep gritting my teeth.” The grammar lessons were just one more hoop she had to jump through to own a business. Besides, knowing how to talk right would come in handy when she was running the restaurant. People would take her more seriously, especially the wealthy tourists who came to town.
She got more of Garrett’s tough love on Thursday, her next night off. He showed up after work with takeout from the Thai restaurant and strolled into her apartment as though she should have expected him. His eyes went over her, taking in her clothes. She’d been about to go to the gym, so she wore exercise shorts, a sports bra, and tank top.
His eyes stopped on her bare shoulders. “I think you’re going in the wrong direction, wardrobe-wise.”
“I was wearing other clothes all day. I just changed into this.” 
He put the sack of food on the table and unloaded Styrofoam boxes. “Is Jojo here?”
“No. She’s grocery shopping.” 
 “Good. It will be easier to correct you when she’s not kicking me under the table every time I say something.” Done taking out containers, he wadded up the sack and went into the kitchen to throw it away. 
Lacey stood across the room with her hands planted on her hips. “It’s really nice of you to buy me dinner, but you should have checked with me beforehand. I was about to go to the gym.”
He looked up at her with a surprised smile. “Excellent.” 
“What?” 
“You said those sentences without a single mistake.”
She folded her arms. “Don’t you have other things to do than monitor the way I talk? You know, a girlfriend to see or something?”
He pulled out a seat for her, and sat down in the one across from it. “What I have is a dissertation to write.”
She put her hand to her forehead and had to remind herself that he was trying to help her. “Okay. I know I agreed to this whole change-the-way-I-talk thing, but I didn’t think it was gonna consume every waking moment.”
He let out a sigh. “I suppose I shouldn’t have expected it to last. It’s going to consume—not gonna.”
She fought for inward patience. “I’ve got a kickboxing class to go to. Don’t tempt me to stay here and practice on you.”
He leaned his arm casually against the back of the chair and his eyes flashed, amused. “You think you could take me?”
“You think I couldn’t?” She let her eyes run over him, surveying him slowly, like he always did to her. “You in your Ivy League loafers and your button-down oxford. You never been in a street fight. You probably never even thrown a punch.”
“You’ve,” he said. “And you’re right. But I can still take you. What do you weigh? A hundred and twenty pounds?”
“A woman don’t tell her weight.”
“You’re slipping,” he said. “This is why grammar needs to be ingrained in you. Otherwise when you’re upset the old ways resurface.”
She narrowed her eyes at him. “Maybe you just shouldn’t upset me, loafer boy. You already know I ain’t one of your prim, stuffy college girls that—”
“One round.” He stood up and stepped over to her. “No playing dirty. If I pin you to the ground, you stay here tonight and conjugate verbs. If I can’t pin you, you don’t have to read another book until our next lesson.”
She tilted her head in disbelief. She didn’t want to hurt him, but it was a tempting offer. “Can I kick you?” she asked.
He smiled, hands out. “You can try.” He was far too confident. Smug, really.
“You better take off your glasses,” she said. “I’d hate to break them.”
He took off his glasses and laid them on the table, then unbuttoned the top two buttons of his shirt. He went to the middle of the living room, and stretched his shoulders. Blond Clark Kent suddenly looked a little more imposing. His blue eyes watched her, waiting.
She took her position opposite him, tense and poised, then had second thoughts. He’d never been in a fight and was underestimating her because he assumed his bigger size and strength would ensure a win. But she’d been kickboxing for a while and knew that one well-placed kick in his chest would send him sprawling across the room.
 “Are you sure about this?” she asked. “I don’t wanna hurt you.”
“Want to,” he said. 
And that was all she needed. “Fine, I want to.”
She shifted her weight on her left leg and kicked out with her right, fast and hard. He pivoted, narrowly avoiding her foot. Before she could attempt a second kick, he plowed into her, pushing her into the couch so hard it banged against the wall. A couple of the pillows toppled onto the floor. 
The air went out of her lungs and her head smacked into the back cushions. She barely felt the impact. She was all adrenaline and frustrated anger. She twisted, breaking his grasp, and managed to elbow him in the chest. 
He grabbed her arms, and she twisted again, trying to put her knee between them so she could push him away. To avoid her knee, he shifted to his right, still holding onto her. The motion tipped them off of the couch and onto the floor. 
She landed on top and the impact loosened his grip enough that she was able to roll away. She got to her knees, but before she could stand, he dived for her. 
“I may not have ever been in a street fight,” he said pushing her down onto the carpet, “but that doesn’t mean I’m an easy mark.” 
She tried to lift her knees, couldn’t. 
“In high school, I went to state in wrestling.” He reached for her arms, using his weight to keep her pinned to the ground while he tried to capture them. He was strong, doing this almost casually. “You apparently never went to any of my matches. I won’t take that personally.”
She arched her back, and shoved his shoulders, pushing him off balance enough that he nearly rolled off of her. “Sorry. I was always busy working after school.”
He didn’t stay off balance for long. He was back on top of her, extinguishing her struggling with his body. She could smell the remnants of his aftershave on his neck. His hands found her wrists, tightened around them, and held them down. “Give up?”
“No.” She was panting hard, but didn’t stop straining against his grasp, didn’t stop trying to wriggle out from beneath him. 
He took a couple of deep breaths. His face was close to hers, smiling. “That’s what I like about you. You don’t give up.”
“I didn’t know you liked anything about me.”
“Well, I do.” He was still smiling. The heat of his body pressed into her and suddenly this felt less like a wrestling match and more like an embrace. Like what a boyfriend and girlfriend would do. If she stopped struggling, would he kiss her? If he did, should she let him? 
The thought of his lips on hers wasn’t unpleasant. In fact, it was tempting. Her eyes went to his lips, studying the curve of them.
No, she shouldn’t go there, or change their relationship that way. Half of the time Garrett drove her crazy. It was just hard to remember those times at this moment, when his face was so close and his blue eyes were on hers. She could feel every inch of his body against her. 
She stopped struggling and didn’t even realize it until he said, “You’re giving up?”
“I’m considering my options.”
He laughed and the sound tickled her ear, made her feel shivery inside. Her head relaxed and her lips parted.
And then the front door swung open. Lacey couldn’t see Jojo, but she heard her sharp intake of breath. “What are you two doing?”
Garrett relinquished Lacey’s wrists and rolled off of her, flustered. He ran a hand through his mussed blond hair. “We were just, um, conjugating verbs.”
“Really?” Jojo didn’t move from the doorway. “And what verb was that?”
Lacey’s face went hot from blushing. She couldn’t look at her roommate. She also couldn’t look at Garrett. She sat up and tried to smooth down her hair. Her ponytail holder had slid down. “We were fighting it out to see if I had to stay here and conjugate verbs or if I could go to the gym.”
Garrett got to his feet and held a hand down to help up Lacey. “She’s staying here.”
Lacey took his hand and stood up. “I didn’t lose. I was still considering my options.” 
She couldn’t put it off forever. She glanced at Jojo. Her roommate was staring back at her, eyebrows raised in question.
“You lost,” Garrett said. “You’re staying here.” He walked over to the table, once again businesslike. “But you can still work out. New rule—every time you use the words ‘like,’ ‘ain’t,’ or ‘gonna,’ you have to do a pushup.”
“You can’t just assign me pushups.”
His gaze slid to hers, and a smile formed on his lips. “Want to take that decision to the floor?”
She stalked back to the table and sat down haughtily. “It doesn’t matter, because I won’t say any of those words.”
When Garrett left that night at nine, she hadn’t done one pushup. As far as the gym went, it was the worst workout she’d ever gotten, but it felt like a victory.
Chapter 5
As Lacey finished brushing her teeth, Jojo leaned against the bathroom door with a motherly expression. “So…” she said drawing out the word. “Is something going on between you and my brother?”
“Yeah. His dissertation.”
“Mmm hmm.” Jojo clearly wasn’t buying it. “I’ve seen my brother study, and I’ve seen him write papers. He usually doesn’t do that while lying on top of another person.”
Lacey put her toothbrush into the holder. “What happened tonight didn’t mean anything. It was just one of those things. You know, when you’re fighting with someone, and then it gets physical, and suddenly you’re wrestling on the floor.”
Jojo pursed her lips. “Yeah, that’s never actually happened to me. If I’m fighting with a guy, I tell him off and leave.” She looked upward, considering. “I don’t recall Garrett ever fighting with anyone that way either. He’s also more of the tell-them-off-and-leave sort of person.”
Lacey put the toothpaste back into the medicine cabinet. “He’s not interested in me.” Her stomach clenched as she said the words, because she realized how true they were. He wouldn’t ever want to be with someone who didn’t have a string of college degrees, and yet he’d been happy enough to get on the floor and wrestle with her. And she had lain there and parted her lips in invitation. 
She blushed all over again and pushed her way past Jojo.  Lacey didn’t want her friend to see her reddening face. Garrett wasn’t any better than all those guys who came to town for a vacation, decided to have a fling while they were here, and figured she would be an easy target because she worked as a waitress. Those sorts of guys thought all they had to do was throw money around and she’d be more than willing for a no-strings-attached make-out session. Grateful even.
Well, she wasn’t that way.
She went into her bedroom and shut the door before Jojo could ask her any more questions.
***
On Friday, Garrett stopped by the restaurant for lunch and asked for her to be his waitress—probably to make sure she was practicing talking right. She managed well enough, although she wasn’t sure what to make of the tip he left her—twenty dollars for a fifteen-dollar lunch. Was he just being nice or did he think she was a charity case? Something else? Could it be his way of flirting?
Probably not. He’d been friendly at lunch but nothing else.
On Saturday morning, Lacey put on the gray jeans with a silky red shirt that made her look chic. She was glad she had the clothes. She needed the extra confidence of looking good. She drove to Garrett’s house for her next lesson, determined to pretend that nothing had happened between them Thursday night. Which in a way was the truth. Nothing had really happened. And maybe he hadn’t even noticed the way she’d tilted back her head and parted her lips. He hardly ever noticed anything beyond her grammar mistakes. He probably hadn’t been paying attention to her lips.
She trudged to his door with an unspoken groan. She suddenly regretted ever agreeing to take his help and wished she could just pay him for the clothes and be done with this whole thing. But she didn’t have the money for that, and she’d promised she wouldn’t back out halfway through the speech lessons. She’d signed his stupid contract.
He’d been right about that. Contracts were necessary between friends. Lesson learned.
Besides, she and her mother had already been looking into sign designs and restaurant furniture. They’d worked out a menu. Aunt Irene, Jasmine, and Paul had said they would work as chefs. Aunt Irene had spent the last two weeks perfecting her falafel. The restaurant was becoming not just Lacey’s dream, but the whole family’s. How could she give up now?
Garrett answered the door, somehow managing to look well-dressed even in jeans and a plain beige sweater. The pale sweater just made his blue eyes stand out that much more. He stepped aside to let her come in.
She held his gaze for an extra second looking for… she wasn’t sure what. Maybe some indication that she’d been wrong in her assumptions and he really was interested in her. But he wore the same cool expression that he always had. Handsome, confident, and what was the word she’d heard again and again in novels—aloof.
As she wandered past Garrett, he fought a smirk. 
What was that supposed to mean?
Did he think she would feel all fluttery and shy around him now that they were alone together? Wasn’t gonna happen. 
He led her to the kitchen table where chips and drinks were waiting, then sat down across from her, watching her with a polite expression. “How was your week?”
She knew he wasn’t making small talk. She could have said anything. He was only paying attention to how she structured her sentences. She enunciated each word. “I had tea with the queen. And you?”
“I made spreadsheets, went to meetings, and analyzed data.”
“How charming.”
He smiled, amused. It was a good look on him—amused. His blue eyes crinkled at the corners. “How did you like this week’s books?”
 “The Great Gatsby wasn’t all that great, The House of Seven Gables could have used some renovation, and the letter I’d give The Scarlet Letter is a C minus. The entire thing was a tedious diatribe.” 
She expected him to be a little impressed that she’d used both the words tedious and diatribe in a sentence, but he looked at her, eyes narrowed in thought. “Those are vague reviews. Did you even read the books?”
“Yes, regrettably, I did. For all of Hawthorne’s symbolism and social commentary, his plots simply don’t deliver.”
Garrett leaned back in his chair, nodding. “Ah, the old undeliverable plot problem. Maybe you’ll like this week’s novels better. Thomas Hardy and George Eliot.”
Her shoulders slumped. How many more classics was he going to make her suffer through?
 “Can’t I read something that was written in this century? I’m sure you could find some modern authors who write good.”
“Good is the opposite of evil. Therefore, a person doesn’t write good, they write well.” 
She pressed her lips together and tried again. “Couldn’t you find some authors who write more entertainingly?”
He didn’t answer because he was typing instructions into his laptop. He had a list of grammar rules that he kept adding to when she made a mistake. She was supposed to go over his list every day.
She glared at his bent head. Why did he always have to act like a teacher? Had he even given her parted lips the briefest of thoughts?
He turned his attention back to her. “Do you want a romance?”
Her breath hitched in her lungs. Was he really asking her this question so casually, and right after he’d written down a grammar rule for her? He wasn’t looking at her with any sort of passion, just bland interest.
She shifted in her chair. “Um. Maybe. I’m not sure.” She took a deep breath, and tried to think of a better way to phrase her feelings. 
He didn’t wait for her to say more. His gaze dropped to the notebook in front of him. “All right, I’ll give you a few Jane Austen novels to read. A lot of women are partial to her works.”
Oh. He had asked her if she wanted to read a romance, not have a romance with him. A stab of disappointment went through her. One that was unexpectedly strong. She bit her lip, swallowed and hoped she wasn’t blushing. No use. She was definitely blushing. Heat rose in her neck and cheeks. She just had to hope he didn’t notice.
He tapped his pencil against the table absently. “I know classics aren’t as easy to read as modern novels, but you’re not only listening to these books because of their complex sentence structure and higher vocabulary; you also need to have a basic cultural understanding. When someone mentions Homer’s Odyssey at a dinner party, you need to know that they’re talking about an ancient Greek story, not a rock group. Do you see my point?”
“Yeah. Your point is that you go to a lot of boring dinner parties.” And Lacey had just decided to head up to the library and ask that nice librarian, Britta, to recommend some books where the characters talked like real people. Garret didn’t have to know. She would still be reading something so it would totally count.
He smiled. “Say what you will about my boring dinner parties, but I’ll be taking you with me to one—the Chamber of Commerce awards dinner is in two weeks, the Friday after next. Kenworth’s bought a table for employees because they were nominated for the customer service award. 
Citibank is in the running for business of the year, so not only will the branch president be there, some of the regional officers will be too. I just heard that Don Russell, the chief lending officer is coming into town for it. You’ll want to meet him, make a good impression, and show him that you’re aware of what’s going on in the business community. 
Then when you set up an appointment with him for the loan, you can remind him that you met him at the dinner.” Garrett leaned back in his chair. “Going will increase your credibility.”
She felt a surge of excitement at the prospect, and then wondered about the bet. “Wait, is this using your connections to get me a loan? Won’t that make Anthony right—that it’s all about who you know?”
Garrett shook his head. “I’ve met Don Russell because Kenworth’s has done business with him, but we’re not friends. This isn’t cronyism. It’s simple networking. Anyone can come to an awards banquet if they want to pay for the dinner.”
Nervousness was quickly joining her excitement. “What exactly do I need to do? Do I just go up to him at dinner and introduce myself?”
“There’s an hour of mixing and mingling before the dinner. Drinks, appetizers, that sort of thing. I’ll introduce you then.”
She shifted in her seat, unable to sit still. “How am I supposed to impress him?”
“Just be your charming self.” He said the words in a teasing and intimate way. Charmingly.
“Is that the self that speaks like I was raised in some English novel? Because I’m not sure I’ll be ready to be that self in two weeks.”
“You’ll do fine,” Garrett said. “Just be sure to remember to ask for the night off from work. You can’t wait until the last minute and pretend you’re sick—the dinner is at the resort.” 
“That would be awkward,” she agreed. Thinking out loud, she added, “The weekends are the busiest time. My boss won’t like me asking for it off.”
Garrett shrugged like it didn’t matter. “You’ll be leaving waitressing soon anyway.”
Would she? The dream seemed far away. She must not have looked convinced. 
He reached across the table and took her hand in his. The gesture surprised her, made her heart skip a beat. Maybe she’d been wrong to think he wasn’t interested in her. Why else would he be holding her hand? 
How should she handle this? Yes, she was attracted to him. Her tingling skin was proof of that, but was that enough? Did the two of them have enough in common to make a relationship work? Her heart had edged into her throat. She wasn’t sure what to say.
But then, this wasn’t the time for words. This was the time for him to come around the table and kiss her.
He gazed at her hand and ran his thumb gently across the back of it. Then his eyes went to hers. “Get a manicure before dinner. And use whatever lotion Jojo is always slathering on.” 
What? Her heart tumbled back into its place with a painful thud. He hadn’t been holding her hands or trying to comfort her. He’d only been looking at her nails and skin and finding them lacking. Like he found everything else about her lacking, apparently.
She pulled her hand away from his and with perfect enunciation said, “You, sir, are frequently the epitome of ungentlemanly behavior.”
“Good use of epitome,” he said. “I wouldn’t use the word ungentlemanly, though. It’s not really common usage.” He made another note on his list of instructions and muttered, “Maybe you do need to start reading modern novels.”
She glared at him.
“What?” he asked.
“Nothing.” How could the guy be so smart and so clueless at the same time?
The lesson didn’t really improve from there.
***
After another week of listening to books, studying lists of grammar rules, and basically trying to talk like she belonged in the English aristocracy, Garrett decided Lacey was ready for a test run of her language skills. The Life Echo Gallery was featuring a visiting sculptor from Quebec, Madame Moreau. She was having a private mix and mingle the first night of the show. Lacey had heard Jojo mention the event, but the tickets for it were thirty dollars apiece, and besides, Lacey wasn’t exactly in the market for artwork. She hadn’t even considered going.
Garrett had other ideas. He thought it would be the perfect place for a trial run of her language skills. He told her about the plan Monday night, while they were eating dinner together during one of his unannounced grammar checkups at her apartment. “Some artists will be there, but most of the clientele are successful businessmen and women. Those are the sort of people you need to emulate. Consider it your first networking…” he broke off. “Maybe I should go over some etiquette first. You shouldn’t text while someone is talking to you.”
“I wasn’t texting.” She lowered her phone. “I was looking up the word ‘emulate.’ Seriously, a person needs a dictionary to understand you.”
He went back to eating his tikka masala. “Emulate means to imitate.”
“Then why didn’t you just say imitate? Why does every word need four different ways to say it?”
“Because each word has a slightly different connotation. Emulate also means becoming. Whereas ‘imitate’ could be simply pretending. Do you understand?”
“Um, I lost you at connotation.”
While she looked up the word, he watched her with a sigh just waiting to pop out of his mouth.
Connotation: an idea or feeling that a word invokes in addition to its literal or primary meaning.
She looked up from her phone. “So what am I supposed to do if I’m at this art gala and someone uses a word I don’t know?”
“You’ll try to derive the meaning from the context of the rest of the sentence. Usually it’s not that difficult. And,” he added with an encouraging smile. “you still have until Friday night to learn more vocabulary.”
Lacey studied. In fact, her old English teachers would have been amazed at the effort she put into learning vocabulary. The problem was that she’d learned so many words so quickly they had a way of mixing themselves up in her mind.
While getting ready on Friday, she hoped she could get by without saying much to anyone. She dressed in her black dress, borrowed pearls from Jojo, and fixed her hair in a french knot. She applied her eye shadow in dark tones and wore maroon lipstick. The mirror showed someone who was stylish and sophisticated, but she felt like she was wearing a costume. Like an imposter. Or was the word ‘imposer’? A poser was someone who was pretending, so that was probably the right word. She wasn’t sure, and that seemed like a bad omen to start the night with. 
While she was looking up the word, she heard a knock on the front door. Jojo answered it, but Lacey knew it was Garrett. She wandered into the living room, phone in hand. 
He wore a pale blue shirt, silver tie, and black rimmed glasses with a hipster vibe. He looked cool, professional, and stare-too-long handsome.
His gaze went over her and his eyes widened in approval. “Wow. I’m speechless.”
“Well, that has to be a first.”
He laughed. Which shouldn’t have surprised her. He seemed immune to her insults. “Your dress was definitely worth whatever we paid for it. Ready?”
She’d just read the definition of imposer. She’d been completely wrong about its meaning. “No. I think I need another week or two.”
He took her by the elbow and towed her toward the door. “You’ll do fine. I have complete faith in you.”
Chapter 6
The Life Echo Gallery was a sprawling open room with big glass windows, partitions here and there, paintings hanging on every other available wall space, and shelves along one wall. As Garrett and Lacey walked in, a rush of nervous dread came over her. Sort of like the time she was in a school play and she stepped out on the stage in front of the audience. That’s what this felt like: she was in a play but only had bits of a script. The rest she was going to have to improvise.
She was used to seeing wealthy people in The Stone Hearth Lodge, but she wasn’t serving this crowd. Tonight she wasn’t some nameless waitress these people wouldn’t notice or remember. She was pretending to be one of the elite. 
Jojo was running the cash register during the show. She gave Lacey and Garrett a little wave as they ambled by. Lacey wished she could go hang out with her roommate, but she was supposed to be mingling with the guests, not bothering the staff.
As Lacey and Garrett made their way across the room, little flashes of panic went through her. All the people milling around looked so confident. Like they belonged. She had to keep reminding herself that this was just a test run of her skills. Tonight was just practice so she would be able to tell if she was ready for next week’s dinner with the bankers. 
Madame Moreau, the visiting artist, was a sculptor and her statues spread across the room. Most showed the rough figures of people in different emotional states. The closest was a woman with her head bent, crying, another was a man looking off into the distance with a look of determination. 
Lacey’s gaze continued around the room and stopped abruptly on a statue of a nude woman looking over her shoulder. What emotion was that supposed to represent? Perhaps startled-in-the-shower.
Oh, and there were two other naked women statues to her left. A similarly undressed man stood right behind them. Sort of like a stalker on a nude beach. 
Lacey kept surveying the gallery. About half the statues were nude. Garrett didn’t seem surprised or shocked by this. He led her further inside and they went over to where a couple of women stood talking. They were some of Garrett’s mother’s friends. Polite women with expensive jewelry and beautifully highlighted hair. 
Lacey managed to smile and chat pleasantly enough. She even began to relax a little. Maybe this night wasn’t going to be as hard as she expected. She didn’t make any mistakes as she spoke, and she understood all of the vocabulary the women used. 
Anthony stopped by to say hello but didn’t stay to talk. He was on the clock, there to answer guests’ questions, help with purchases, and in general provide an employee presence. He’d said earlier the staff presence kept people from shoplifting, because rich folks were just as likely to nab things as anyone else, but somehow Lacey couldn’t imagine anyone wanting to steal one of the small naked statues that sat on the shelves, or actually anything currently being showcased in the store. Really, if she was going to take up a life of crime, it wouldn’t be to steal naked figurines.
After about half an hour of mingling, Garrett and Lacey wandered over to the refreshment table. An assortment of cheese and crackers sat next to a tray of vegetables and dip. For thirty dollars a ticket, she’d expected more than carrots, cherry tomatoes, and artistically cut cucumbers. But whatever. 
She filled a plate and nibbled for a few minutes, then Garrett gestured to the back corner of the room where a cluster of people surrounded Madame Moreau. “Let’s go pay our respects to the artist.”
The woman was middle-aged and overweight with short gray hair. She wore black pants and a multi-colored loose, draping shirt that looked like it had come from some foreign country: India or maybe Africa. Over the years of waitressing, Lacey had gotten good at judging people. Madame Moreau seemed like the type who would ask a lot of questions about the entrees—mostly to show that she knew the difference between pan searing and braising—then, no matter what she ordered, she would find something to complain about. And after making her waitress return the prime rib three times to make sure it was cooked to the exact degree of sunset-pink, she would leave some pathetic excuse for a tip.
Still, Lacey strolled up to her with a smile fixed on her face. After Garrett had slathered on some compliments to Madame Moreau, it was Lacey’s turn to speak. “It’s nice to meet you.” She wasn’t sure whether she was supposed to introduce herself or not, but did to be on the safe side. “I’m Lacey Johnson. I hope you’re enjoying your time in Echo Ridge.”
“Yes. Immensely,” Madame Moreau said with a regal sweep of her hand. “It’s such a quaint place. So picturesque and quixotic.”
Lacey would have to take her word as far as ‘quixotic’ went, since she had no idea what it meant. She nodded, still smiling.
Garrett took a sip of his drink. “Echo Ridge is not only an ideal place to live but also to work. At least, that’s what I keep telling Lacey. She’s thinking of opening a restaurant here in town.”
The way Garrett said this made Lacey sound like she was an outsider with a mound of cash that she didn’t know what to do with. 
 “Oh, I hope you do,” Madame Moreau said. “My one complaint about my stay in Echo Ridge is that the town could use some better cuisine. I ate dinner up at the Ruby Resort this afternoon and the food was terribly dry.”
Yep. Lacey had pegged her. Lacey didn’t say more because one of the guys in the circle of adoration asked Madam Moreau what her favorite medium was. Medium apparently meant material because she went on for a while about clay, bronze, and stone, detailing the benefits and drawbacks of each.
When the clay, bronze, or stone subject was finished, a woman in the group asked, “Where did you find your models? Were they people you knew?”
“Each piece has its own story,” Madame Moreau said, and set about telling several of them. She pointed at the sculptures as she spoke, and when she did, everyone turned to stare at whichever one she was talking about. Most of the time, Lacey’s gaze would go to the sculpture, and then snap up to the statue’s face in embarrassment. 
Now that she knew the statues were modeled on real individuals, well, it felt wrong to gawk at them. She might run into one of those people someday. If the words, “You look familiar,” ever came out of her mouth, she didn’t want her next sentence to be, “Didn’t I see you buck naked in an art gallery?”
“It’s all about honesty,” Madame Moreau went on. “I was looking for subjects who could emote whichever feeling I was trying to portray. They represent the human state, the many people I’ve encountered.”
“So resonating,” one woman murmured.
“Poignant,” the man next to her said.
Lacey wasn’t sure what any of that meant, but it seemed to be her turn to comment. “You must have encountered a lot of naked people in your line of work,” she said.
Madame Moreau’s lips pursed and she lifted her chin. “My goal is to show humanity as it really is, without the trappings we use to define us.”
Trappings? A trap was something you used to catch animals. Madame Moreau must be talking about fur coats. “I wouldn’t use trappings,” Lacey said in agreement. “A wool coat works just as well, right?”
Everyone in the circle looked at Lacey peculiarly. The man standing next to Madame Moreau stifled a laugh. Garrett winced. Which meant she’d said the wrong thing. 
Madame Moreau snapped her jaw together in disapproval and her eyes swept over Lacey taking her in more completely. “To appreciate art, one must check one’s prudity at the door.”
Prudity. Lacey didn’t know that word, but knew about door checks. The resort let people check their coats and purses whenever they held a dance. Were art shows like that too? Was Madame Moreau making note of the fact that she had a purse? “Sorry,” Lacey said glancing behind her. “I didn’t see anyone at the door taking our stuff.”
The man standing next to Madame Moreau laughed. The woman herself, however, was not amused. Her nostrils flared in a way that made her look like she was trying to hoard air. Everyone else stared at Lacey as though she’d committed a crime.
Garrett cleared his throat. “Lacey, you really should try this brie. It’s quite good. Here, come with me and I’ll get some for you.”
He left the circle. She followed, getting her phone from her purse. In a low voice, she murmured, “Prudity definition.”
The phone brought up the word crudités, which were raw vegetables served as appetizers. That didn’t make sense. No one checked their vegetables at the door. She tried the word again, this time typing it in. She couldn’t find a definition. When they were nearly to the table, Garrett slowed to let her catch up. 
“Ok,” she said slowly. “I know I messed that up. Go ahead and say it.”
He let out a patient sigh. “Whether you agree with an artist’s work or not, you shouldn’t insult them.”
“I wasn’t insulting her. I was just stating the obvious. I mean, if you’re trying to portray a dejected guy, the dude is wearing clothes, unless the reason he’s dejected is that he just lost his last pair of skivvies playing strip poker.” Lacey put her phone away with a huff. “And prudity isn’t even a word.”
Garrett didn’t comment about that, just continued on to the table. When they reached the spread of food, he used the silver tongs to put crackers and cheese on Lacey’s plate. “A lot of artists do nudes. They believe the human body is beautiful and should be celebrated.”
“I believe that too. I just think a person should do their celebrating in private.” Her gaze began to circle the room, then went back to the food table where it was safer to look. “Doesn’t being here make you feel awkward? You can’t hardly look anywhere without seeing people’s private bits dangling in front of you.” 
“The word ‘hardly’ doesn’t belong in that sentence.”
“Wrong connotation when talking about nude men?” 
“Split infinitive,” he said.
She took a bite of brie and eyed him skeptically. “Does your mom know you came here tonight? Because I don’t think she’d approve of you staring at naked women.”
Garrett chewed on his words before speaking. He seemed amused. “Does this seem like a place of ill repute to you?”
She lifted her phone to check the dictionary. “Hold on a sec, and I’ll tell you.”
He put a few slices of cheese on his plate. “The artwork isn’t meant to be scintillating. Nude sculptures have a history dating back to the Greeks.”
“You can use all the big words you like. We’re still being mooned by a bunch of statues and flashed by several more.”
“Okay. Forget about the artwork. Art isn’t the point of tonight anyway.” He smiled at her in a way that was probably supposed to look encouraging. “You’re doing fine. Let’s go mingle some more.” 
Lacey finished off the crackers, and picked up a drink before they wandered away from the table. Garrett put his hand on the small of her back and led her across the room. The gesture felt tender, familiar, and distractingly sweet. 
They strolled over to a man and a woman who stood near the front door. The man was in his late twenties, with receding brown hair, a sharp nose, and a stance that somehow seemed self-important. The woman was younger, with wavy red hair, an enviable chest, and a tan that was either fake or suggested she’d been traveling to warmer places. 
When Garrett and Lacey reached the two, he introduced them as Corbin Aldin and Tatum Bowker. “Corbin is a financial adviser for the Bowker Law Firm,” Garrett added. Which meant that Tatum was most likely related to the law firm somehow.
Garrett gestured toward Lacey. “Lacey is one of Jojo’s friends. She’s thinking of opening up a restaurant in Echo Ridge.”
Lacey smiled politely and shook their hands. “It’s a pleasure to meet you.” To Tatum, she added, “Are you a lawyer?” 
“Not yet,” Tatum said. “It’s my father’s firm.” 
So Tatum was not only smart and beautiful, she came from money.
Corbin looked Lacey over appreciatively. “What sort of restaurant are you thinking of opening?”
“Mediterranean. I’m in negotiations with Mr. Choate for his building.”
Corbin held the stem of his wine glass casually between two fingers, a gesture indicating he was at home at these sorts of events. “I heard Mr. Choate was going to retire. Well, it will be nice to have some new blood in town. When’s the grand opening?”
Lacey took a sip of her drink, trying to match his casual manner. “It’s not a sure thing. I’m still getting my business plan together and I have to get funding—so many hoops to jump through.” It felt odd to say these things, like it was all just a matter of time and inconvenience. 
Corbin and Tatum both nodded as though they understood. “Any time you open a business,” Tatum said, “there’s a mountain of paperwork and regulations.” 
“Not to mention all the permits you need to get,” Corbin added.
Lacey nodded even though she wasn’t sure what permits they were talking about. You needed a permit to sell food—what else was there? She would have to check on that later, when she wasn’t worried about speaking correctly. 
“I won’t miss the steakhouse,” Tatum said. “It was such boring fare. Meat, potatoes, and salad. How many times can you eat that?”
“Twice,” Corbin said. “At least that’s how many times I went.” His attention turned to Lacey. “What will you have on your menu?”
She could answer that sort of question. She told them about stuffed pork chops drizzled with apricot sauce, artichoke flatbread, and olives imported from Greece.
“Sounds delicious,” Corbin said.
“Makes me hungry,” Tatum said.
“Yeah,” Lacey said. “I could use more than a plateful of crudités myself,” 
Corbin, Tatum, and even Garrett stared at her, puzzled. “Crudités?” Tatum repeated.
Apparently that word wasn’t a word most people knew. She wished there was some way to tell when she was looking up vocabulary whether regular people used the word or not. “Vegetables,” Lacey said. “It’s a term for vegetables served as hors d’oeuvres.”
 “Oh,” Tatum said. “Sounds more appetizing than vegetables. Usually they have dessert at these things, but I heard Madame Moreau is on a diet, so she asked them to keep things low-cal.”
Corbin took a sip of his drink. “How nice of her to make us suffer along with her.”
 “Is there a term for an assortment of chocolates?” Tatum asked wistfully.
“Yes,” Lacey said. “The term is ‘heaven.’”
The conversation went on from there as to what different desserts should be called. 
Lacey had to think through every sentence before she said it, constantly asking herself how Garrett would phrase something before she let the words come out of her mouth. But she was doing it—keeping up the pretense that proper English was her natural language. She glanced at Garrett to see if he was watching her. He was; watching her with approval, even.
Granted, when the conversation turned back to Lacey’s restaurant and Tatum asked, “Will you be putting up a new façade?” Lacey had no idea what she meant.
“I haven’t decided yet,” she said.
You couldn’t go wrong with an I-haven’t-decided.
“Make sure you run any changes through the city planners,” Tatum said. “I swear, they make you get a permit to put a shrub in a planter on your sidewalk.”
A façade permit. That was one of the things that needed permitting. She’d have to remember to look up the ward ‘façade.’
Tatum gazed at someone across the room and her expression brightened. “Oh, Fay Gordon is here.” She turned to Garrett and slipped her arm through his. “She’s that artist I was telling you about. I promised to introduce you, remember?”
She began pulling Garrett away, with a, “See you later, Corbin. Nice to meet you, Lacey.” 
Lacey hadn’t considered the possibility that Garrett might leave her alone, and a spike of anxiety went through her. She stared at Garrett, hoping he’d protest and stay with her. He didn’t. He gave Lacey a parting look—a half smile that said he thought she’d do fine on her own. Then he turned his attention to Tatum, talking to her. The two of them drifted across the room. Tatum was still holding on to his arm in a way that looked inviting.
Another spike of emotion went through Lacey. This time, irritation. Perhaps even jealousy.
She pushed the feelings away. She had no claim on Garrett. And she could stay here and talk to Corbin just fine by herself. Maybe Garrett would glance over and notice the smile Corbin was giving her—interested, appreciative. It would do Garrett some good to see that other men found her attractive. 
“I never asked you where you hail from,” Corbin said.
Hailed from? Hail was snow with an attitude. What did he mean? She took a sip of her drink to give herself time to come up with an answer. “Where do you think I hail from?”
He pressed his lips together, considering her. “You don’t have an upstate accent, and you don’t sound like you’re from Jersey either.”
Oh. He’d been asking her where she was from. “I grew up in LA, but my family moved to Echo Ridge when I was in high school. That’s how Jojo and I became friends.”
“A local,” he said. “I suppose that explains why you want to open a restaurant here. You already know about the community’s appeal and…” he lowered his voice to a conspiratorial level, “the constant flow of tourists with money to burn. It’s a good combination for business ventures.”
“Exactly.” She’d never even considered opening a restaurant anywhere else. It would have been too hard to convince the rest of her family to move to a new city.
“So what do you do when you’re not working on your restaurant plans? Do you have a job around here?”
 “I work at the resort,” she said vaguely, suddenly embarrassed to be just a waitress. She couldn’t lie about it, though. She didn’t want to have to worry that he might come into The Stone Hearth Lodge sometime, and then she would have to awkwardly avoid him. “I’m in food service. I help out with catering and that sort of thing. It’s been a good education in the restaurant business.”
“Oh,” he said, measuring her again.
Had she given herself away? Could he tell that she was just a waitress with ambitions? She fiddled with her glass, feeling uncomfortable. She stole a glance at Garrett. 
Tatum’s hand was still on his arm—possessively almost—and Garrett didn’t seem to mind. He was talking to the other woman, a lady whose dark hair had vibrant purple streaks. She wore tons of gold jewelry. Lacey recognized her; she owned the café next door.
“Who will you be using for your financing?” Corbin asked, bringing Lacey’s attention back to him.
“I haven’t decided yet.” 
Corbin went on to talk about interest rates, points, per square foot rental, and other things she only half understood but apparently should be taking into consideration. 
When he finally paused, waiting for her response, she said, “Garrett is helping me put together my business plan. When it comes to asking for large sums of money, I’m sort of a...” she nearly said, “noob” but stopped herself. Educated people probably didn’t use that term.
“Neophyte?” he supplied.
“Right,” she said, because he seemed to think the word made sense. What was a neophyte? She couldn’t remember, but was sure she’d heard the term before somewhere.
“How big of a loan are you thinking of?” he asked.
“Probably in the neighborhood of a quarter million.” Hopefully the lower end of that neighborhood, but buying food, equipment, and building renovations wasn’t going to be cheap.
Corbin nodded as though the number wasn’t intimidating, wasn’t ridiculously huge. “The thing to remember about business plans is you have to understand how the system works.”
He went on, but Lacey’s mind had gone back to the word ‘neophyte’. Wait a minute, wasn’t that what you called a woman who had a thing for sex? A nepho? Why had he used that word?
A wave of embarrassment washed over her. What had she just labeled herself? 
Had he been joking or suggesting something when he used the term?
She inwardly winced and replayed the conversation in her mind. She’d said that when it came to asking for large sums of money, she was sort of a . . . and he’d just supplied the word neophyte, like he thought she was naturally some sort of hooker. And she’d calmly agreed. 
Her embarrassment turned to anger. He was a creep for suggesting such a thing. What must he think of her now? How did she backpedal on that part of the conversation? She couldn’t just randomly interrupt him and announce she didn’t have the standards of a hooker.
“You have to know what bankers want,” Corbin went on, unaware of her rising emotions. “Then you’ve got to give it to them. And then some. You know what I mean?”
Um, yeah, and she didn’t like what he meant. Where was Garrett? She shot a glance at him. He was still busy with his conversation, talking happily while Tatum hung off him.
Corbin leaned closer to Lacy, gathering back her attention. “When it comes down to it, the truth is that bankers are just interested in your assets.”
She nearly gasped. There was no confusion about what he meant with that term. Before she left her high school in LA, Joey the-thug Jones and a couple of his gangster friends had trailed Lacey down the hallway loudly discussing whether her rear or her chest was her best asset. Then Joey had tried to grab her to see for himself. She’d turned around and smacked him with her history book, which had only made the guys laugh harder. 
Joey had kept following her while making thrusting motions. “You know you want it, baby.”
No, no she didn’t.
After that, every time she saw one of those fools in the hallway they called out commentary on her assets. 
Now Lacey stared at Corbin, gripping her glass in shock. He lowered his voice. “I don’t mean to brag, but my liquid assets are impressive.”
Disgusting. She wasn’t going to stand here and listen to this. The guy was Joey in a business suit.
He stepped closer to Lacey. “I’d be happy to check out your assets and tell you what I think.” 
Her reaction was instinctive. She threw the contents of her glass at his chest. The action stopped his forward motion fast enough. He jerked back, wiping at the water running down his chest and gaped at her in disbelief. “Why did you do that?”
“Why?” she sputtered, her voice louder than she intended. “I ain’t gonna stand here and put up with your foul-mouthed nonsense.” She knew she’d slipped back into her old way of talking, but she didn’t care. The words came out too fast for her to think about them. “I don’t know what drug you smoking, but you can kiss my assets if you think—” 
Garrett was suddenly at her side, his eyes wide and his gaze bouncing between Lacey and Corbin. “What’s wrong?”
Corbin blinked innocently, shook his head in confusion, and lifted his hands as though surrendering. “I don’t know. She just flipped out.”
Lacey shoved her empty glass at Garrett. “Your friend was gettin’ a little too friendly and wanted to check out my assets.”
A look of horror dawned on Garrett’s face, but the expression wasn’t directed at Corbin. He was staring at her.
She was so not going to stay here and put up with this. What sort of person was Garrett anyway, that he thought it was okay for some guy to treat her this way? She turned and stormed toward the door. She wasn’t riding home with him. She’d call her brother to come pick her up. After all, it wouldn’t be the first time he’d rescued her from a horrible date.
She heard Garrett’s voice behind her, sounding apologetic as he spoke to Corbin. “This is probably just a misunderstanding. I’ll call you later and explain.”
Explain what? That she had a temper when it came to creepy men who wanted to see her assets? She pushed open the gallery door, too hard, and marched outside. Well, that would teach her to go to a place with a bunch of nude statues. Gave guys ideas. Made them think women didn’t mind being leered at.
She headed down the sidewalk. Stupid heels, they kept her from going at a fast pace.
Footsteps sounded behind her and then Garrett was at her side. “Tell me what happened.” 
She pulled her phone from her purse to call her brother, anger making her hand shake. She shouldn’t be this upset. It wasn’t like she’d never dealt with jerks before. But somehow all the expectations of the night, the hope, her futile desire to fit in with these people, just made it feel so much worse.
“You and your high-class friends,” she muttered. “You’re all looking down on people like me, because I ain’t got no college degree. Well, least I got standards. Apparently none of your upper-crust friends got those. But hey, thanks for opening doors for me. I totally appreciate the new view.”
Garrett took hold of her arm to stop her. “Wait, what exactly did Corbin say to you?” Garrett finally looked concerned. Good. He should know what sort of men he mixed and mingled with at his fancy little get-togethers.
She took a deep breath and repeated the things Corbin had said to her.
While she spoke, Garrett let go of her arm and put his hand on his chin, studying her in confusion. “The first thing he did to upset you was call you a neophyte?” Garrett’s voice was unruffled.
“What sorta thing is that to say about a woman he just met? Like, I’m not supposed to take that as an insult?”
“You realize that neophyte means a beginner, right?”
“No, it doesn’t. It means somebody who’s sex-crazed.” She clicked on her dictionary to prove her point.
And that’s when she learned that a neophyte meant someone who was new to a subject, skill, or belief. She stared at the definition as though it might change if she watched long enough.
Garrett pressed his lips together. “You were probably thinking of the word ‘nympho’. But he didn’t call you that, right? He said neophyte? Because neophyte makes sense in that context whereas nympho really doesn’t.”
 “That wasn’t the only suggestive thing he said,” she reminded Garrett. “He also told me I had to give bankers what they wanted and then volunteered to check out my assets. He said I’d be impressed with his liquid assets. I didn’t confuse all of that.”
A look of patient concern settled into Garrett’s expression. “In business terms, assets are your valuables—your home, your stocks, bonds, bank accounts, that sort of thing.”
Her mouth dropped open for a moment. She suddenly remembered that yes, the word had a business meaning. 
“Liquid assets,” Garrett went on, “are the things you can convert to cash easily. Your home isn’t a liquid asset. Your stocks and bank account are. Loan officers care about them because if you default on your loan, they want to come after your assets to recoup their loss.”
 She felt her face burning with embarrassment. “Why didn’t you go over what assets were with me before?”
“Because you don’t have any assets. I didn’t want to bring up the subject, because I didn’t want you to think a loan was impossible.”
She ran her hand through her hair, awash with new frustration. “Isn’t it?”
“No, you just have to convince a bank you’re not going to default.”
She took deep breaths and looked back down the street. “You’re telling me I just threw my drink at a guy who was talking to me about stocks and bonds?”
“Pretty much, yeah.”
She wasn’t sure whether to laugh or cry, so she did both. The sound started out as a laugh but quickly deteriorated into a gulping cry.
Chapter 7
When Jojo came home that night, Garrett was still sitting on the couch with Lacey. He’d told her repeatedly on the drive home that everything would be all right. He’d even called Corbin and explained that Lacey had misunderstood what he’d said. 
No amount of assurance that Corbin thought the whole thing was funny made her feel any better.
She was an imposter, or an imposer, she couldn’t remember which, and Garrett’s attempts to make her fit in with the town’s elite were never going to work. Bankers would always see her as uneducated, not smart enough to run a business. Garrett, with all of his college degrees, ought to be smart enough to know that already.
A Kleenex box sat on Lacey’s lap and she held a crumpled tissue, a leftover from her earlier crying jag. Garrett had draped his suit coat over her shoulders because she’d been cold and shaking, and now she worried that she might have smeared mascara on it. But she didn’t take it off. It felt a little like a hug.
Jojo sat down on the coffee table in front of the two of them. “What happened tonight? I heard you yelling at some guy. What did he do?”
“It was just a misunderstanding,” Garrett said. “I already called and offered him an apology in Lacey’s behalf.”
Garrett was the one who had to do it, because Lacey couldn’t bring herself to talk to him again. Ever. And to think she’d told Corbin the truth about where she worked because she didn’t want to worry about avoiding him if he came in. Yeah, if he came in now, she was totally going to hide under a buffet table and never come out. 
Lacey sniffed and dabbed the tissue to her nose. “Everyone I met tonight must think I’m crazy.”
“No, they don’t,” Jojo said. “I’m sure most people didn’t even see you throw your drink on Corbin.”
Enough of them did. It had seemed like all eyes were on her at the time. Lacey crumpled her tissue. “The night was a disaster. There’s no way I’m going to be ready to go to that dinner with the bankers next Friday.”
“Tonight was a learning experience,” Garrett said soothingly. “You won’t make the same mistakes next weekend.”
He was being kind, or optimistic.
“I need more time,” Lacey muttered. “I’ll talk to Mr. Choate and see if he’ll give me another month…”
Garrett shook his head. “The awards dinner is next Friday. If you wait another month, you won’t have direct access to the chief lending officer.”
“I won’t be ready by next Friday,” she protested. “Maybe I won’t ever be. You can consider my restaurant and your dissertation the roadkill of my failed ambitions.” 
Garrett took a tissue from the box and handed it to her. “You just said those sentences without a mistake. See, that’s progress.”
“You’re not listening to me. You never do.”
Jojo nodded in sympathy. “It’s a guy thing. Or maybe just a Garrett thing.”
 “Nonsense.” Garrett handed her a second tissue. “I do nothing but listen to you.”
“You do nothing but correct me. There’s a difference.”
 “I only comment on how you say the words because that’s my job.” He tilted his head, giving her a considering look. “Do you know what you need?”
“Yeah. An MBA and a bunch of assets.”
“A shoulder massage. You’re way too tense.” He put his hands on her back and shifted her so that she faced away from him, then he slipped off the coat and began massaging her shoulders. His fingers pressed into her skin, working across her sore muscles. “You’re not going to quit,” he told her. “Because you’re not a quitter, and your dream deserves more. Also, you signed a contract. And I’ve chosen a very nice guy to take Jojo out once your restaurant is funded. He’s a CPA.”
Jojo huffed and stood up, offended. “I’ll talk to you later, Lacey. Goodnight.” Then she stalked out of the room.
Garrett kept massaging her shoulders. Lacey concentrated on that, on the soothing motion and the loosening of her muscles. Snatches of the evening pressed into her mind anyway. Tatum’s smiling face as she led Garrett away. The easy way Tatum had fit in with Corbin and Garrett. “What’s a façade?” Lacey asked.
“A pretense.” His voice was close and soft.
“Why would I need a permit for that?”
“I didn’t know you did.”
“Tatum asked me if I was going to change the façade. She said I needed a permit.”
“Oh,” he said, understanding. “A façade is also the front of a building. That’s what Tatum was interested in knowing.”
“Tatum was interested in knowing you.”
“What?”
Lacey glanced over her shoulder at him. “I was only mentioning it in case you didn’t realize it. I mean, those sorts of details seem to slip by you.”
“No, they don’t.” His fingers caressed the muscles at the bottom of her neck, making her sigh at the touch. 
“Yes, they do,” she said. “Apparently there are a few things they didn’t teach you in college.”
His voice came nearer her ear. “I know Tatum is interested in me. I’m just not interested in her.”
Good. “Why not?”
“She’s not my type.”
“What, your type isn’t successful, beautiful, educated women?” She glanced at him in an attempt to read his expression. He was so close to her. This felt intimate, but it wasn’t really. This moment was like the time he took hold of her hand and she thought it meant something. 
“She’s not all that interesting,” he said.
“Your type is interesting women?” Lacey couldn’t even begin to guess what sort of thing he considered interesting. Maybe women who traveled the world or fought crime. She faced forward again and his fingers worked their way across her skin in lazy circles.
“Interesting and unaffected,” he said.
Unaffected by what? It was obviously one of those words that had more than one meaning. “Hand me my phone so I can use the dictionary app.”
“No, I’m busy helping you relax.” His finger kneaded the muscles at the base of her neck. It sent a chill of pleasure through her. “I’m going to keep this up until you’re no longer discouraged.”
“Okay,” she said. “You’re really good at massages, so I might be discouraged for a while.”
He laughed and his face came closer to her ear. “And that’s another thing. My type is women who make me laugh.”
Did he mean her? She’d just made him laugh. She looked over her shoulder at him again. His gaze was on her back, but after a moment his eyes flicked to hers. “Are you feeling better?”
“I haven’t decided yet.” 
“Hmm,” he said. “That’s your standard answer when you don’t understand the question. What don’t you understand now?”
Him, mostly. Was he flirting or just giving her a pep talk? She wasn’t about to mistake his intentions again. She watched his blue eyes, trying to detect his meaning from them.
He leaned closer to her. The way a guy did when he was about to kiss a girl. Her heartbeat went into overdrive. She wanted him to kiss her, wanted to feel his lips against hers. He would take her in his arms and then she really would feel better about this night. She waited, watching Garrett’s blue eyes. 
And then Jojo stomped back into the family room.
Garrett jerked away from Lacey and he looked in his sister’s direction.
Lacey gulped, let out a jagged breath, and turned to Jojo as well.
“I just came to get my phone,” Jojo announced, marching over to the purse she’d left on the coffee table. “And also to tell Garrett that I don’t care what he bet Anthony. I’m not going out with one of his CPA friends.” She pulled her phone from her purse with a dramatic flounce.
“You can’t go back on a bet,” Garrett told her. “You agreed, and I already showed Nelson your picture.”
Jojo gripped her phone. “You what?”
“He thinks you’re cute and says you sound nice. I’m hoping that will be enough to make him overlook your abysmal taste in men.”
Lacey waved a hand in Jojo’s direction. “Hey, while you have your phone out, look up the words ‘unaffected’ and ‘abysmal’ for me.”
Jojo glared at her and made no motion to look up anything.
“You don’t need to look up ‘abysmal,’” Garrett said. “The meaning is clear to anyone who has a basic knowledge of Anthony.”
“Oh,” Lacey said.
Jojo glared at her again. “I can’t believe you,” she said, and stalked out of the room. 
Garrett watched her go and ran his hand through his hair. “Sorry about that.” 
Was he apologizing for almost kissing her? Did he regret it?
“I didn’t mean to make Jojo mad at you,” he went on.
Sheesh, when was Lacey going to stop misreading him? Had he even been going to kiss her or had she imagined that too? “It’s um, okay. I’ll talk to her. I’m sure she’s not really mad at me.”
He nodded. “You’re probably right. She’s most likely just mad at me.” He got to his feet and picked up his suit coat. “That’s the usual state of affairs, isn’t it?”
“You can’t blame her for getting upset when you criticize her boyfriend.”
Garrett cocked an eyebrow. “And you can’t blame me for criticizing her boyfriend. The guy is completely devoid of common sense.”
Granted, Anthony was opinionated and tended to act like he was an expert on well, pretty much everything, but when he wasn’t going on about society’s problems, he could be nice enough.
“He’s not all bad,” she said.
“No one is all bad.” Garrett slipped on his suit coat. “I think Jojo can find a guy whose ratio of badness is considerably lower.” He buttoned up the coat. “The guy sees her as a meal ticket. He knows she comes from money.”
Lacey bristled, felt cold disappointment forming in her stomach. “You automatically think that someone who’s poor is a gold digger?”
Garrett’s gaze snapped to hers. For once, he seemed to realize that he’d insulted her. “No, of course not.”
She folded her arms. “You don’t approve of the lower class dating the upper class?”
“I didn’t say that.”
She kept her arms folded. “When was the last time you dated a poor girl?”
“Tonight.” He edged toward the door. “I took you to the art show.”
“That doesn’t count. We only went out because this is part of your dissertation.”
“It definitely counts.” He opened the front door. “And we’re going to the awards dinner next weekend. That counts too.” 
And with that he left.
She stood there, arms crossed, staring at the door for several more moments. Tonight didn’t count as a date because he hadn’t kissed her. And kissing her wouldn’t count either, unless he meant it, unless he really wanted her to be his girlfriend.
But that would never happen, would it? She was the sort of girl that rich guys were only interested in for a fling, not for a real relationship. With that bitter thought, she went to get ready for bed.
***
While Lacey was washing her face, Jojo came up and leaned against the bathroom door. “I suppose you’re still going to tell me that nothing is going on between you and my brother.”
“So far, nothing is.” As the makeup came off Lacey’s face, she looked more like herself. Not glamorous or sophisticated. Just ordinary and uninteresting.
Jojo snorted in disbelief. “The two of you were sitting awfully close together, and it looked like you were about to kiss.”
“Did it? So it’s not just in my imagination.” With the washcloth still in hand, Lacey turned to face Jojo. “I never can tell what Garrett is thinking. Sometimes I think he likes me, and then other times I’m sure he doesn’t.”
“Seemed pretty clear tonight.”
“It’s not.” She turned back to the sink and ran hot water across her washcloth. “Maybe you should talk to him about me.” Her eyes met Jojo’s in the mirror. “You’re his sister. You could casually ask him if he’s into me. Then I would know one way or the other.” She would know if she had a chance, or whether she needed to ignore the feelings she had, bury them and forget them.
“Okay,” Jojo said. “I’ll ask him, but not tonight. I’m not speaking to him right now.”
Lacey ran the washcloth across her face, wiping away the last traces of eye shadow. “That stuff he said about Anthony—he’s only worried because he wants what’s best for you.”
Jojo rolled her eyes. “He needs to stop thinking he knows what’s best for me. Anthony is a brilliant artist. He’s so informed about everything. Mark my words, he’s going places.”
This was obviously a case of love being blind. Anthony painted pictures of bricks and cereal boxes and for some reason thought they were profound. Lacey didn’t know how that made him brilliant or informed, but she was smart enough not to disagree with her friend about it.
***
The next day, Lacey drove over to the Ridge Steakhouse. She hadn’t been joking about talking to Mr. Choate. Despite Garrett’s faith in her, she would most likely fail to impress any of the bankers at the awards dinner and she would need more time to get funding. She wanted Mr. Choate to know that she was trying, though, that she was giving it her best effort. She didn’t want him to think she was just slacking off and wasting his time. 
Lacey parked her car and strode up to the restaurant, ignoring the pang that went through her every time she saw this building. It not only carried the memories of the time she’d worked in high school, now it carried the weight of the hopes she had for the future. How many times had she mentally redecorated this place?
But if she couldn’t convince Mr. Choate to give her more time, this building might come to mean something else. It would become the graveyard of her failed dreams.
She lifted her chin, slid her sunglasses off, and strode into the building. The dining room was barn-like with rough-hewn timber beams running across the ceiling. The place had a sort of log cabin charm to it. The old wooden benches lining the room weren’t nearly as charming. They hadn’t been changed out since the eighties and their worn seats showed it. But perhaps the worst decorating sins in the room were the frilly green curtains that hung in front of each window—or perhaps even tackier—the window boxes full of fake flowers, which frequently needed dusting. A salad bar ran through the center of the room, offering nothing more exciting in the way of toppings than cheese, tomatoes, cucumbers, and olives. Sort of like a Subway sandwich without the bread. She had planned on tearing the bar out.
In Lacey’s mind she saw the room done in warm browns and golds with iron candelabras and stone flooring. 
A woman at the hostess counter smiled at Lacey in greeting. “Table for one?”
“Actually, I was hoping to talk to Mr. Choate. Is he in?” She glanced around the room trying to spot him. He was a thin man with graying hair and a slight stoop.
The hostess’s smiled faded a little. “He is, but I think he’s on a business call right now. Is there something I can help you with?”
“No.” Lacey shrugged. She should have phoned before she came to make sure he was available, but begging for more time wasn’t something a person really scheduled in advance. “I wanted to talk to him about renting the building.”
“For an event?” the woman asked.
“No, after he retires. Renting it permanently.”
Lacey didn’t realize that Mr. Choate had walked into the room until he spoke. “Sorry,” he said, hardly regarding her as he strode up beside the hostess. “I already told a local girl that she could rent it.”
What? He’d told Lacey she could rent it. She stared at him trying to process what he was saying. Had he ever meant to let her have the restaurant?
“You can check back in a few months,” Mr. Choate said, “and see if the deal falls through. ’Til then, I can’t consider any other offers.”
“Wait,” Lacey said, stomach thumping. “I thought you told me I could rent it. Did you change your mind?”
Mr. Choate eyes went to hers, and he did a double take. “Lacey?” he asked, then laughed at his mistake. “I didn’t recognize you. You changed your hair or something.” He looked her over again, shaking his head. “You don’t even sound the same.”
She put her hand to her chest, taking in a deep breath. Mr. Choate hadn’t promised the restaurant to someone else. He just hadn’t recognized her. “A makeover,” she told him. “One of my friends is helping me change my image so I seem more professional.”
“Well, your friend has done a good job.” He put his hands on his waist, eyeing her like she was this year’s new car on a sales lot. “Yes, sir. A good job. You look older, like you’re ready to run the place.”
His confidence should have made her feel better. Instead it made her feel worse. He believed in her, and now she was going to have to disappoint him and tell him she might not have funding until even later. She chewed on her lip and couldn’t bring herself to speak.
“So what did you want to talk to me about?” he asked.
She couldn’t ask for an extension. At least not yet. “I just wanted to give you an update about the funding. I’m going to a dinner with some bankers next Friday night. The chief lending officer will be there. I’m going to talk with him about my plans for opening up a restaurant. Hopefully he’ll like the idea.”
“You talking about the Chamber of Commerce awards dinner?” Mr. Choate asked.
“Yes,” Lacey said, surprised that he knew about it.
“I’m going myself.” He made a grumbling noise. She’d heard it often enough when something irritated him. “They’re giving me a service award for the many years I’ve donated meals to different organizations. I guess they figure they’ve got to give me some kind of recognition before I retire, and this way they don’t have to compliment my cooking in the process.”
“That can’t be true. You make great food. No one has better potato wedges.” Lacey was being truthful about the potato wedges. Less so about the rest of the food. His meat was always on the tough side.
“I’m glad you think so. And I’m sure the lending officer will be impressed with your ideas.”
Lacey was a lot less certain about that. “Well, he’d be a lot more impressed if I could hand him my mother’s baklava while we talked.” 
Mr. Choate laughed again. “Maybe you should bring him some. That’s one way to make sure he remembers you.”
“Maybe I should,” Lacey agreed, not laughing. An idea had just occurred to her. The awards dinner was going to have appetizers for the mix and mingle that took place an hour before the meal started. Why couldn’t those appetizers be ones she’d made? She could show Mr. Russell firsthand the sort of food her family was capable of cooking.
She said her goodbyes to Mr. Choate, then headed over to the resort before she talked herself out of the idea. This could work. Most of the people in her family already had their food service cards because they’d planned on working in her restaurant. Putting together a spread of appetizers for the function would be easy enough—if the Ruby Resort would let them. Fortunately, she had an in with the resort. She worked there.
When she got to The Stone Hearth Lodge, she talked to Reggie, the head chef. He passed her off to Deb, the restaurant manager, who passed her off to Jenna in sales. 
Jenna was sitting in her desk flipping through paperwork of some sort. She was mid-twenties, very pregnant, and didn’t look like she wanted an unplanned meeting with one of the waitresses, but Lacey was persistent. She stood in front of her desk and explained her idea. “My family wants to open up a restaurant in town and the appetizers would be an advertisement. It’s a win-win situation. We’ll prepare and donate the food, and you’ll save money on the event.”
Jenna put a hand on the top of her stomach. “The customer already chose the menu last year when they booked the event. It’s in the contract.”
“But you could contact them and ask if they’d like to change their appetizers. You could offer them a discount and still make more money because you won’t have to buy the food or pay staff to prepare it.” She gave Jenna her most confident smile. “Win-win.”
Jenna let out a long breath to show that despite who was winning what, she didn’t want to bother with making changes. “I don’t know…”
“Reggie and Deb both seemed to think it was a good idea. Saving costs, and all.” Reggie and Deb actually hadn’t said much about Lacey’s idea, but if asked, the two would probably agree that saving money was a good idea.
Jenna tapped her pen against her desk. “We have regulations about who prepares the food. We’re liable for whatever is served.”
“That’s okay,” Lacey said, refusing to give up. “If having us prepare the food is against regulations, I can come to the kitchen and instruct Reggie or one of the chefs how to make the food. It’s not hard, and I get along with all of the chefs really well. I’m sure they wouldn’t mind doing me a favor.” 
Lacey hoped this was true. Reggie did like her. She never forgot to put in orders, never gave the chefs a bad time when meals were backed up, and occasionally did impressions of the difficult customers. Whether Reggie would do any favors for her was a different matter.
Jenna seemed to realize she would not be getting rid of Lacey easily. She sighed and fiddled with a pen on her desk. “I’ll talk to management. If they’re fine with it, I’ll contact the customer. No promises, though.”
“Thanks.” Lacey brightened with hope anyway. “I know you’ll do your best.” Lacey left her phone number with Jenna and went to clock in for work.
By the end of her shift, Jenna had sent a text. Lacey hesitated opening it. An answer this fast couldn’t be good news, could it?
But no point in putting it off. She clicked open the message. Jenna had written two sentences. You’re a go. Coordinate the details with Reggie.
Lacey nearly floated home. Yes, the food was going to cost hundreds of dollars, but it would be an investment that was worth it, a way to prove the quality of her food. Besides, Lacey needed to put some more things on her credit card.
She called her mother, who loved the idea, despite the cost. Her mother was positive that no one could turn them down while sampling their baklava. 
Then Lacey called Garrett and told him, too.
“You’re thinking like a marketer,” he said. “Good job.”
“Thanks.” 
“Speaking of jobs, I think you’re ready to start doing job interviews. I gave the general manager a call to see if they have any openings. He said the event manager was planning on hiring an assistant soon and you could put in a resume.”
A job interview? The idea made her feel more panicky than she’d anticipated. “Um, what about my performance last night makes you think I’m ready for an interview? Also, I have nothing to put on a resume that would impress anyone. I thought the plan was that resort managers would notice my new and improved worthy self, and then they’d ask to interview me.”
“You’re confusing HR with fairy godmothers. I’ll help you put together your resume and you can deliver it personally to the event manager sometime this week. We’ll emphasize that you have experience working at the resort. You’re familiar with expectations and how things work. That will count for something.”
“But I just told the restaurant manager that my family was planning on opening a restaurant. HR will know I don’t plan on staying.”
“You said your family was planning on opening it. Not you. Besides, it never hurts to have a Plan B. If you end up throwing your drink on Mr. Russell, a better paying job at the resort wouldn’t be a bad thing.” 
“Seriously, isn’t it a little early to think of me interviewing?”
 “Don’t worry,” he said in a calm, reassuring voice that probably should have set off warning bells in her mind. “You’ll do great. Especially since I’m going to run you through a few mock interviews to prepare you.”
In other words, more time spent alone with him. Was that a good thing? “You’re going to pretend to be hiring?” 
“Yes.”
“What sort of benefits do you offer?”
“You can ask and find out,” he said.
She’d already asked Jojo. Lacey wondered if Jojo had talked to him about her yet. If she had, Garrett wasn’t giving away any hints about his answer.
“Fine,” she said. “I’ll do my part for your dissertation.” 
Chapter 8
The next day while Lacey ate breakfast, Jojo swept into the kitchen wearing paint-splattered jeans and an equally coated T-shirt: her ‘art working clothes.’ She wiped her hands off on a rag and got a glass from the cupboard. “Yesterday I talked to Garrett and asked him if he could see you and him together.” She spoke so casually, like she didn’t expect Lacey’s breath to lodge in her throat, waiting. Jojo even went about getting a drink of water, prolonging the moment.
“And?” Lacy prodded.
“He told me in that sort of condescending voice he uses when he’s acting like an older brother that when the two of you were a couple he’d let me know, and until then, it was none of my business.”
“What?” Lacey asked, sputtering. “He didn’t tell you anything?”
“Well, he might have if he’d known you were the one who wanted to know, but I didn’t think you wanted me to tell him that.”
“No. No, I didn’t.” It would have been humiliating to have to keep facing him if the answer was no. Besides, asking Jojo to talk to Garrett already felt like a junior high tactic. Garrett dated women like Tatum. Beautiful and confident. Those sorts of women didn’t have to ask a guy’s sister to act as a go-between.
“I think he’s into you,” Jojo said. “Otherwise he would have told me.”
“No, he’s probably worried you would say something to me, and then the time I spent with him would be awkward.” That was most likely it. He was avoiding awkwardness, which meant she should be as professional as possible. No flirting. No sending him sideways glances. No expecting him to hold her hand.
That day, she practiced her speech and vocabulary, listened to books, and tried to think about Garrett as little as possible. She sent him her resume to look over, and when she got home from the resort, it was waiting in her email, revised with phrases that made her sound like she had more skills than she really did. 
Waitressing now included interfacing with customers to ensure they had positive experiences. The painting and cleaning job she occasionally did for her uncle when he had big projects at the trailer park was ‘working with management to provide property upkeep’ and ‘consulting with contractors to oversee renovations.’
Wednesday, she worked a lunch conference but had the night off. After Garrett got home, she went to his place so he could help her run through a mock interview.
He greeted her like he had every other time—friendly but not in any way romantic. Sitting there on the couch across from him, she did her best to concentrate on the things he said about interview etiquette and not to let her attention wander to the straight lines of his jaw. And the curve of his lips. Or his blue eyes. They were darker blue around the edges with a lighter blue that looked like a starburst in the middle. Mysterious blue. Sexy blue. 
She had to restart her interview twice. Kept getting distracted.
She answered his questions, careful to keep her grammar right and she even threw in a few vocabulary words that he should be proud of. Equitable. Regardless. Exertion. The whole time he spoke to her, there was no hint of who he’d been last Friday, the guy who’d leaned so close she thought he was going to kiss her. He was acting like an interviewer, aloof and painfully polite.
He picked up her resume and pretended to scan it. “I see you went to college but didn’t complete a degree. Why is that?”
She took a calming breath. This was a harder subject to talk about than her work experience or goals for the company. “My father got cancer. I came home to take care of him so my mother could keep working and wouldn’t lose her insurance.”
Lacey thought Garrett had known this, but his eyes went to hers, looking at her with surprise and sympathy.
“The resort was very good to me,” she went on. “They let me work evenings and weekends without insisting I come in during the day to help with events. That schedule went on for a couple of years, and when my father died…” She swallowed. She didn’t like to speak about that time, didn’t like to revisit it. Her mother had sunk into a depression that lasted for a year. It had been all Lacey could do to keep the family functioning, to keep herself from sinking into depression herself. “After he died, my family still needed me. That seemed more important than going back to college.”
She waited for Garrett to ask the next question but he was watching her silently. He seemed to sense the things she wasn’t saying, to understand the sacrifices she’d made. The compassion in his eyes broke his persona of an interviewing manager. “I’m sorry, Lacey,” he said softly. “That must have been difficult for you.” 
“Yeah.” It probably wasn’t an adequate answer, but she didn’t say more. His sympathy was suddenly harder to handle than the brisk way he’d conducted the rest of the interview. It was a reminder of all she’d lost. She still missed her father, missed his booming voice and the silly jokes he told that made everyone groan. He’d been so full of life and hope.
Lacey stared at her hands to gain composure and her mind flashed back to another time she’d stared at her hands. She’d been at the hospital with her father, holding his hand between hers while the nurses got him ready for treatment. She’d noticed how thin his hand had become, how the calluses that had always lined his fingers were gone. It had been so long since he’d worked, they’d all just disappeared. 
“Are you okay?” Garrett’s asked, his tone turning worried. 
“Yes.” She tried to be, but suddenly tears were pinching at the back of her eyes. She shouldn’t have talked about her father, shouldn’t have thought about him. She could so easily picture his dark hair, quick smile, and the way his brown eyes crinkled when he smiled. All of those things were gone now. She looked at the floor, the couch cushions, everywhere but at Garrett’s face.
She hadn’t realized he’d left his couch until he sat down beside her. He took her hand in his, engulfing her fingers. “I’m sorry,” he said again, and his voice was just a whisper. “I didn’t mean to bring up painful subjects.”
“It’s not. I mean, it’s usually not. Sometimes it still hits me, though.” Two tears brimmed over her eyes and ran down her cheeks. She brushed them away with her free hand. “Well,” she said letting out a long breath. “I just completely bombed this interview.” 
“You didn’t.” 
Liar. She sniffed and dabbed away another set of tears. “I’m pretty sure most applicants don’t burst into tears while being interviewed.” She shut her eyes and leaned back in defeat. “What if I cry during the real one?”
“You won’t,” he said, but his voice wasn’t certain. His thumb ran across the back of her hand soothingly.
Dread kicked around in her stomach, growing as she thought about it. “They’ll ask me why I didn’t finish college. That question will for sure come up. I might cry if I tell the truth, but I can’t just say I dropped out for no reason.” Her eyes flicked open, and she stared across the room imagining a string of horrible interviews parading through her future. How many would she have to do before Garrett had enough evidence for his dissertation? Her breaths came faster, panicking as she thought about it. She could face failing an interview, she could handle that, but she couldn’t stand the thought of breaking down and showing raw grief to some random manager at the resort. She’d have to risk running into that person every time she went to work. 
A worse thought came to her. “Managers talk to each other. If I cry in front of one, they’ll all know. And what if they tell the other employees? I don’t want to wonder every time I go to work if everyone there is feeling sorry for me.”
She expected him to reassure her, to tell her that she’d be fine, or that managers wouldn’t tell anyone even if she wasn’t. Instead he said, “You don’t have to do the interview if you don’t want to.”
Her head snapped around to look at him, surprised. “Yes, I do. I signed a contract. It’s for your dissertation.”
“If this is too hard for you, I can do something else for my dissertation.”
Her gaze stayed on his eyes. He was serious. “Really?”
“Really.” He squeezed her hand. “Just forget about this for now, okay? We’ll talk about it later.”
“Okay.” She wiped away another set of tears, determined they would be the last. 
Garrett was still watching her, checking her emotions. “Let’s get some dinner at Fay’s and catch a movie. The Silver Screen is playing an old Audrey Hepburn movie.”
“You want to go out?” she asked. 
 “You need to do something fun. You’ve been working too hard.”
“But I just ruined my makeup by crying.”
“You look beautiful.” He stood from the couch, pulling her with him.
She didn’t answer. She was too busy repeating his comment in her mind. Did he mean it in the way she wanted him to mean it? Was she more than just his sister’s friend, more than just a project to him?
As they walked to the door, she asked, “Am I still going to have to practice my grammar during dinner?” 
“Yep. You’ve still got to impress a banker on Friday. That hasn’t changed.”
Which meant she didn’t know if he actually wanted to spend time with her, or whether he was just helping her practice. “Then it’s still work.” 
“But it’s work with dessert,” he said.
***
The night almost seemed like a normal date. Well, a normal date if she’d been going out with a grammar Nazi who felt compelled to call her on her use of the word “like” three times.
But except for that, he was nice, attentive, kind even. Although, that might have been because he felt sorry for her because she’d cried earlier. 
They didn’t talk about her interview again, but that didn’t mean Lacey didn’t think about it. Several times during the night, when Garrett smiled at her or tilted his head to look at her in that considering way of his, she thought about how sweet he’d been to tell her she didn’t have to do an interview. He was more worried about putting her through a traumatic situation than he was about all of the hours and money he’d already put into his dissertation. This fact warmed her, made her feel important. She was more than a project.
She would go through with the interview to help him. She had to.
When he drove her back to the apartment, he came inside to see Jojo.
Although, Lacey hoped he was just making an excuse to spend more time with her. If Jojo wasn’t home, Garrett would wait for her, and Lacey would keep him company on the couch. Lacey could offer to give Garrett a back rub. Return the favor. And maybe the night would end with a kiss. 
Instead, Jojo was sprawled on the couch watching TV. Garrett talked to her for a couple of minutes about going to the Tulip Festival with their mother, then told Lacey he would see her later and left. 
She went to bed feeling woefully kissless. 
She really had to stop getting her hopes up where he was concerned.
Chapter 9
The next day, Lacey dressed in the Chris Pratt pants. She went into the resort early so she could drop her resume off with Mrs. Levering, the event manager. Lacey did everything just like she’d practiced with Garrett. She introduced herself, explained that she was presently employed at the restaurant but was interested in another position. 
“I know I don’t have a degree,” she said with a confident smile, “but I have plenty of experience in the trenches. I’ve worked behind the scenes at conferences, weddings, bar mitzvahs, and dances. I know how to set up, take down, do last minute food orders, you name it. And of course I have lots of practice working with the resort’s clientele.” Clientele was totally a power word and she ought to receive bonus points for using it in a conversation. “I hope you’ll consider me for the position.”
Mrs. Levering was a middle-aged woman, with short brown hair full of so many highlights, she seemed to be threatening to go completely blonde. She glanced over the resume with an unreadable expression. Then she glanced over Lacey as well. “Do you have time for a short interview right now?”
Lacey hadn’t expected an immediate interview, but managed a “Sure.” 
She followed the woman into her office and sat down, ladylike, in one of the chairs in front of the desk. Mrs. Levering didn’t notice this feat of grace because she was still looking over the resume.
She sat at her desk, still reading. “Interfacing with customers? Is that the new politically correct way to say waitressing?”
Lacey felt heat rising in her face. Did the woman think she was trying to sound better than she was? But then, wasn’t that the whole point of this experiment: to see if clothing and speech could make people think a person was better—or at least more qualified—than they really were? 
Lacey kept her chin up and posture erect. She clasped her hands in her lap to make sure they didn’t tremble. “One of the things I’ve learned from serving food is that half of an entrée’s success depends on its presentation. I suppose the same is true for resumes. However, rest assured I know a lot about interfacing with customers. For example, a smile and some free drinks will usually make people overlook the kitchen being twenty minutes late with their meal.”
Mrs. Levering chuckled. “I suppose you’ve experienced your share of smoothing out problems.” Her gaze went back to the resume. “Although, event planning is quite different than food service. A large part of it involves writing up contracts. We have a template, of course, but since every event is unique, each requires different things. And customers are changing details right up until the last minute. There’s a lot of multitasking and follow up involved.”
Lacey nodded, unfazed. “As a waitress, I’m constantly multitasking and following up. I need to keep checking the kitchen to see whose food is up, and at the same time keep track of the tables who still need to order, the ones that are almost ready for their bills, as well as make sure everyone’s water glasses are full.”
Mrs. Levering looked Lacey over again, eyeing her, judging her. “I was planning on interviewing candidates with degrees in hospitality or public relations.”
Lacey wasn’t discouraged by this sentence. In fact, she would have been a little disappointed if the woman hadn’t said something along these lines, because Lacey had spent so much time memorizing her response to it. “What I lack in a degree, I make up for in hands-on experience. The resort has a reputation of excellence that it strives to achieve, and I feel I can help deliver those expectations. I’m familiar with both the town and the resort.”
That last sentence wasn’t as good as she wanted, and Lacey had the urge to call a time-out like she did in the mock interview to reword her answer. She should have said, “I’m familiar with the amenities that both the resort and the town offer.” But she couldn’t change what she’d already said, so she just added, belatedly, “That’s something an outsider wouldn’t.” Was the word ‘be’ needed at the end of the sentence? It seemed like it was, but she’d already paused too long. It would look funny if she just randomly said the word ‘be’ right now.
Crap. She’d practiced so hard on that answer and messed it up anyway.
Mrs. Levering didn’t comment on whether the sentence should have been to be or not to be. She went back to looking over the resume. “Do you plan on finishing college?”
That question was edging toward dangerous ground. “No,” Lacey said, and wondered if the answer made her sound like she wasn’t all that smart. Maybe Mrs. Levering thought Lacey couldn’t handle the college classes she’d taken, and that’s why she’d quit. It was better to explain.
“I left college because my father got cancer,” she said, and went on to repeat what she’d said yesterday in the mock interview. She didn’t cry this time. It wasn’t her father’s face she saw now. It was Garrett’s. Garrett sitting beside her on the couch, holding her hand as he tried to comfort her. Whatever his feelings were towards her, she wasn’t just a project for his dissertation. That gift had made her feel more confident about herself than the expensive wardrobe or all of the new vocabulary. 
Mrs. Levering listened and then said, “I’m sorry to hear about your father. Life has a way of changing our plans, doesn’t it? But you ought to think about doing online courses to finish. College grads start at a higher pay scale, and you seem like the type who wouldn’t have any problem obtaining a degree.”
She did? No one had ever told Lacey she sounded smart before. Well, if nothing else, that was a small success for Garrett’s dissertation. Lacey had to stop herself from pulling out her phone and making a note of the phrase so she didn’t forget it. 
Mrs. Levering asked a few more questions, then said, “Thank you for applying. We’ll let you know of our decision within the week.” She stood, shook Lacey’s hand, and Lacey headed out of the room, feeling lighter than she had all morning. She’d done pretty good, or pretty well, or whatever the right term for you-didn’t-cry-during-the-interview was. 
She took out her phone to text Garrett that she’d done an impromptu interview, but decided to wait until she had the results. It wouldn’t be long. Mrs. Levering had said she would let her know within the week. That way Lacey could surprise him with proof of her success. Or perhaps break the news gently about her dismal failure…one of the two. She knew Garret’s dissertation hypothesis was what was really in question and not her worth as a person, but somehow right now the two felt like the same thing.
***
Lacey worked Thursday so she didn’t see Garrett. He texted her to check in on her to make sure she was studying finance vocabulary as well as her normal stuff. She was. No way was she making one of those ‘assets’ mistakes again. But besides the texts, she didn’t hear from Garrett.
Should she read something into that?
Friday afternoon, she had the lunch shift and then helped set up the banquet room for the awards dinner—which was a little surreal. As she was laying tablecloths over the dozens of round tables that dotted the room, she tried to picture herself dressed up and eating here tonight. She wondered which table she’d sit at. Whichever one it was, at least she would know that her silverware was properly polished and set, because that was her task after spreading out tablecloths. 
Ricky and Anita, two of the other servers, were setting up as well. Ricky was a twenty-something snowboarder who worked at the resort to feed his wintertime habit. Anita had been a Broadway hopeful who’d somehow ended up in Echo Ridge when her Rockettes ambition hadn’t panned out. They were both working the event tonight and knew she was coming with a date. 
Ricky thought it was funny. “You’re like Cinder-freaking-ella,” he said. “Cleaning the place now and showing up in your glass slippers later.”
“You’ve got that wrong.” Lacey smoothed out the wrinkles in a tablecloth. “I’m wearing Christian Louboutin heels. I’m pretty sure they’re more expensive than glass slippers. Probably more uncomfortable too.”
Anita was folding napkins into the shape of flowers to put in the wine glasses. “So the guy who’s bringing you here, is he your Prince Charming?”
Lacey sighed. “That’s another story—one that might not be a romance or a fairy tale.” She paused, reviewing the sentence. “Wait, should I have used the word ‘neither’ in that sentence?”
Ricky snorted. “Like, we’d know.”
“Speak for yourself,” Anita told him, “I always got As in English.” To Lacey she said, “The sentence was fine.”
Ricky pushed a cart to the next table, setting glasses onto it. “I don’t see why you had to change the way you talked. If the dude didn’t like you the way you were, tell him to move on to some other girl.”
The rest of the waiters and waitresses had noticed Lacey was changing the way she spoke and most knew that Garrett was somehow involved in this decision. Whenever he came in at lunch he insisted on being seated in her section, which in and of itself wasn’t unusual, but he also corrected her if she said anything wrong. That was a bit more uncommon. 
Done with the tablecloths, Lacey picked up silverware from her cart and began putting out the place settings. “Garrett is writing his dissertation on how speech patterns relate to work hierarchy. He thinks changing the way I talk will change the way people see me.”
“Not working,” Ricky said. “You still seem exactly the same to me. Except now you have this annoying habit of throwing out words nobody has ever heard of—like all that stuff you just said about hierarchy.”
Anita sent him an exasperated look. “Learning new vocabulary is a good thing. It gives you more ways to express yourself.” To Lacey she said, “Garrett isn’t ashamed of your roots, is he? He’s not trying to change you into someone else?”
“No,” she said, because changing the words she used didn’t change her personality. He’d never tried to alter that. He’d never cared about that enough to want to alter it. “Besides, it’s not like he’s my boyfriend. He’s just a friend. I think.”
“You think?” Anita asked.
“Guys are hard to read.” Lacey arranged the silverware on the table with quick motions and moved onto the next setting.
“Guys are easy to read,” Ricky said. “When the two of you are out, does he pay more attention to you or other women who’re around?”
Most of the time they were by themselves either at Lacey’s or at Garrett’s. “I don’t know,” Lacey said.
“I’ll keep an eye on the two of you tonight,” Ricky said. “If the guy is giving off signs that he’s into you, I’ll casually give you the thumbs up symbol.”
Just what Lacey needed—one more person watching and judging her tonight.
After she was finished setting up, she went to the kitchen to see if her mother and aunt needed any help. They were busily chopping and frying, ordering Vincent and Martin around while Reggie, the head chef, sat in a chair flipping through things on his phone. Apparently his supervision of the event was going to be minimal.
Lacey put on an apron, hairnet, and gloves, then helped her aunt fry some falafel. After a half an hour, her mother shooed her away. “Look at the time. You need to go home and get ready.”
Lacey wiped bits of flour off of her arms. “You’re sure you’ve got everything under control?”
“Yes, yes.” Her mother waved in the direction of the door. “Now go. I’ll see you later when I’m refilling tables.” As Lacey started to leave, her mother took hold of her arm. “Make sure Mr. Banker tries the chicken kabobs and tell me what he says about them.”
“I will,” Lacey said. “He’s going to love them. Even if he doesn’t love me.”
Her mother let her go. “What’s not to love? Everything’ll work out fine, you’ll see.”
Lacey nodded, and suddenly wished that quite so much wasn’t riding on tonight. Her stomach was already humming with nerves. There was no way she was going to enjoy dinner.
***
Lacy hurried home, showered, and changed into the red dress. It made her feel the same way as it did the first time she tried it on—like she was a starlet on her way to a screening. As she walked about, the material draped and flowed, showing off her legs.
Lacey applied her makeup—smoky eyes and red lipstick—then Jojo did Lacey’s hair into loose ringlets. When Jojo was done, she stood back and viewed the curls in Lacey’s dark brown hair with approval. “You’re a knockout.”
Lacey frowned and ran her hand across the fabric at her hip. “I’m not supposed to be a knockout. I’m supposed to be a competent business woman. Maybe the dress is wrong for tonight.”
Jojo tilted her head, considering Lacey. “I don’t know. I don’t think you can really go wrong with ‘knockout.’”
The more Lacey studied herself in the mirror, the more sure she was that the dress, her hair and makeup—it was all a mistake. “I look like I should be singing in a nightclub somewhere, half-draped over a piano.”
“There’s nothing wrong with a little sex appeal,” Jojo said. “You look glamorous enough to be in a Kenworth’s display window. Besides, if Garrett bought the dress for you, he must think it’s okay to wear.”
“He never saw me in it. I just told him that it fit. I don’t think he ever got a good look at it.” She fiddled with her neckline nervously. It revealed a large scoop of tan skin around her throat. “Maybe I should change.”
A knock sounded on the front door. “Garrett is here,” Jojo said. “Ask him what he thinks.”
Jojo went to let him in. Lacey trailed her, feeling more hesitant with each step she took. Garrett was bound to tell her she’d missed the whole point of dressing like a professional. 
Jojo opened the door and stepped aside to let her brother come inside. Lacey was used to seeing him in shirts and ties, so the black suit he wore tonight shouldn’t have made much of a difference in his appearance, but somehow did anyway. He looked crisp, put together. His hair was smoothed back in a way that emphasized the lines of his cheekbones and square jaw. He stepped into the room, and his gaze fell on Lacey. He stopped mid-stride and stared at her.
“It’s wrong, isn’t it,” she said. “Too night-clubby? Should I change?”
His gaze ran over her. Finally, it made its way to her face and he gave her a grin of admiration. “You don’t need to change a thing.” 
His blatant approval sent flutters along her spine. “That’s the first time you’ve ever said those words to me.”
Another grin. “I bet it won’t be the last.”
Lacey picked up a black silk purse from the side table by the couch. “I’d take that bet.” 
Jojo followed them to the door. “Don’t encourage him to make any more bets. The last time he made one, it involved me going out with one of his friends.”
“You’ll like Nelson,” Garrett said. “He went to France last summer and visited the Louvre. You can talk art to him.”
“Isn’t he a CPA?” Jojo asked skeptically, arms crossed.
“Yes. Which means if you ever married him, you could do your art, he could appreciate it, and neither one of you would have to worry about starving. It’s a win for everyone. Especially me.”
Garrett opened the door for Lacey and waited for her to go out. 
Jojo peered at Lacey. “I’m going to hope it goes well for you tonight, despite what it will mean for me personally.”
Garrett followed Lacey outside. “A stable life,” he said. “And a boyfriend who isn’t an idiot.”
Jojo shut the door without further commentary about that.
Chapter 10
The evening started out well enough. As they drove to the resort, Garrett asked Lacey practice questions—things a new acquaintance might ask. She answered without a mistake. Every time he came to a stoplight, his eyes slid over to her as though he wanted to stare at her, as though he liked what he saw. Coming from a guy who’d gone through high school without ever noticing her, each of those gazes felt like a compliment. The dress, it turned out, was worth every penny she—or in this case, Garrett—paid for it.
They sauntered into the resort, and he gave her one more of those compliments, letting his eyes rest on her. “Do you feel ready?” 
“I think so.” She took a deep breath and pressed her shoulders back to make sure she was standing straight. “Although I felt ready when I went to the art show and that ended with me drenching a guy.”
“Yeah, remember not to do that again.”
“I’ll put it on my list of etiquette rules. Right next to ‘no throwing men through saloon windows.’”
“Exactly,” Garrett said. “People of distinction don’t have to resort to violent displays.” A smile stole over his lips. “Unless it’s really necessary.”
“Have you ever resorted to a display of violence?” 
The smile turned into a smirk. “I wouldn’t admit it, if I had.”
“Hmm,” she said. “I’ll have to ask Jojo about the unseemly past you’re apparently hiding.” She looked upward, thinking. “Wait, did I use the word ‘unseemly’ right?”
“I suppose that depends on what you think my past was like.”
He didn’t say more, because they’d walked into the ballroom. The spacious room was already filled with people. The men all wore dark suits. The women looked elegant, polished, and had donned so much jewelry the room nearly flashed with it. Refinement oozed through the place. 
Garrett scanned the room. “I don’t see Mr. Russell, but I’m sure he’ll be here soon.”
As they made their way farther into the room, a couple of people called out hellos to Garrett. After a few minutes of chatting to an assortment of people, Lacey and Garrett strolled over to the refreshment table. She was happy to see so many people filling their plates. The food was going fast. 
“What should I try?” Garrett asked, surveying the spread.
 Lacey put some chicken shawarma onto his plate. “Everything. Especially the stuff I helped make.” She picked up a triangle of spanakopita and held it out to him. “I picked out the spinach myself. It’s at the peak of ripeness.” She expected Garrett to take the stuffed pastry from her hand. Instead he lifted her hand to his mouth. His lips brushed against her fingers, entrancing her for a moment.
“Very good,” he said, his voice silky. She wasn’t sure if he was talking about the spanakopita. 
Her heart raced. “Do you want more?” 
“Definitely.” He smiled. “Although I guess I should get my own plate instead of eating all of yours.”
Pity. She could have hand fed him pastry all night. 
Carrying a tray, Lacey’s mother weaved through the crowd to reach the table. She had a food service uniform on: black pants and white shirt, her dark hair pulled back into a bun. She set down the tray and turned to leave, but when she caught sight of Lacey, she let out a little gasp.
“Look at you.” She clicked her tongue against her teeth. “All fancy and beautiful. I need to get my phone so I can take a picture.”
This was probably not something professional people did while mingling—pose for pictures for their mother. “No, don’t. You’re supposed to be working, and so am I. Well, sort of.”
Her mother waved away her words. “It’ll only take me a couple minutes to get my phone. The appetizer table can live without me for that long.”
Lacey didn’t glance at Garrett. She was afraid she would see disapproval on his face, not just of her mother’s idea, but of her mother all together. And then Lacey’s feelings for him would be ruined, and everything would have to change.
On second thought, if he thought her mother was just some lower-class no one, she wanted to know.
She chanced a look, bracing herself. He was smiling at her mother politely. “I have my phone. I can take a picture of Lacey for you.” No disapproval tinged his voice, no hidden snobbery. “Do you want one of the two of you together?” 
“Perfect,” her mother said, and gestured at Lacey to come over. 
Lacey did, with a sigh of relief. She wrapped an arm around her mother’s shoulders and grinned. 
Garrett took the shot, then checked it. “Two beautiful women.” He took another shot, stepped towards Lacey’s mother, and showed her the picture. “You could be sisters.”
Her mother laughed at the compliment, but beamed all the same. “Tonight I’m the sister who doesn’t dress so good.”
Garrett tapped on the screen a couple of times and held the phone out to Lacey’s mother. “Put your phone number in there. I’ll send you the picture.”
Lacey’s mother typed in her number. “Thank you.” She handed the phone back to Garrett and winked at Lacey. “Such a nice young man. Now I’m not gonna believe all of those things you said ‘bout him being a slave driver.” Her mother spotted an empty tray on the table, and with a goodbye wave, headed over to pick it up. After that, she made her way back toward the kitchen.
Garrett slipped his phone into his pocket. “A slave driver, huh?”
Lacey finished a bite of a chicken kabob. “I meant it as a compliment.”
“As one does. What else did you tell your mother about me?”
“Only good things, I’m sure.”
“I’ve got her phone number now. I can call and ask her.”
Lacey laughed and took another bite of her chicken. “Idle threats.”
Garrett picked up a plate and began to fill it. “You don’t think I’d call your mother? She thinks I’m a nice young man, you know.”
“Yes, I heard. You were laying on the flattery pretty thick.”
“I’m always nice. Especially to my date’s mother.” 
Date. He said the term so casually, like it was true. She supposed technically it was, but only technically. Although the way he’d eaten the spanakopita from her fingers had been flirty. 
With another smile, he moved down the table toward the gyros platters.
 Mr. Choate sidled up to the table next to Lacey. “How’s the night going? Have you talked to the bankers yet?”
Lacey shook her head. “We just got here.” She motioned to where Garrett stood down the table, waiting his turn by the gyros platter. “I’ll be at the Kenworth’s table with Garrett Halifax.”
“Ah,” Mr. Choate said knowingly. “The two of you are an item?”
Lacey lowered her voice. “No. He’s just going to introduce me to the chief lending officer.” 
“Well, you best get your banker to try the food soon. It’s going fast.”
Mr. Choate picked up a chicken kabob and took a bite. “Excellent. Got a nice flavor.”
“Thanks.” Coming from a restaurant owner, and one who’d never been particularly heavy on the compliments, it felt like real praise. “I’ll tell my mom you said so.”
He dipped a pita chip into some hummus, took a bite, and nodded appreciatively. “Good garlic kick. I hate the stuff that comes from the grocery store. Too grainy.” He piled more chips on his plate so he could add more hummus.
“Once we open, you can stop by anytime for some. On the house.” Lacey shrugged and sighed. “That is, if we ever open.”
Mr. Choate was busy piling more chicken his plate. “You get that banker to try this food, and I imagine he’ll have his checkbook out fast enough.”
Garrett was done filling his plate and had turned to wait for her. She went and joined him, picking up some baklava on the way. He’d seen a few people he knew, and he introduced them to Lacey as Bonnie Montgomery and her husband, Roy. They ran the Emerald Inn Bed and Breakfast in town and were more than willing to give Lacey advice about starting a small business and remodeling the place.
While they talked, Ricky marched by carrying a tray of fresh glasses for the table. He gave Lacey a nod, and took in Garrett. She remembered that Ricky had said he’d give her the thumbs up signal if he thought Garrett was into her. His thumbs had no comment at the moment.
After several minutes, Anita came by and took their empty plates. When Garrett wasn’t looking, she mouthed the words, “He’s hot.” 
Yeah, Lacey had already noticed this fact. And she liked being here with him tonight, although she was beginning to wonder if Mr. Russell would ever show up. 
Then Garrett’s gaze zeroed in on the opposite corner of the room. He turned back to Bonnie and Roy. “I promised Lacey I’d introduce her to someone. Looks like he’s here.”
The Montgomerys said their goodbyes, and Lacey followed along beside Garrett as he walked across the room. Her heart kicked into overdrive. She couldn’t mess this up. She had to make a good first impression. Her family was in the kitchen right now, depending on her.
She must have tensed, or grimaced, or perhaps muttered a prayer under her breath, because Garrett touched her arm soothingly. “You’ve got this. You’ve done great all night.”
Yes, but it hadn’t mattered all night. It had just been practice. This was the real thing. “My mouth feels dry,” she said. “Let me get something to drink first.” 
He detoured back to the refreshment table, picked up two glasses of punch and handed her one. “There’s no reason to be nervous. We’re just mingling and laying the groundwork. I’ll make introductions, ask if he’s tried the appetizers, then tell him that your family made them. You’ll mention that you’re planning on opening a restaurant and ask if that’s the sort of thing his bank finances. He’ll tell you he’d be happy to see your business plan. Then when you go in and see him, you’ll remind him that you met him here. That’s easy enough, isn’t it?”
They’d gone over this before, but she was glad for the reminder. Her mind had momentarily gone blank. Deep breath. All she had to do was talk for a few minutes. That wouldn’t be hard. She’d practiced. She was ready.
Garrett led her past several clusters of people without stopping. She didn’t know where to look, who to worry about. “Where is he?” she whispered.
“Straight ahead. The older man in the dark blue suit.” 
She saw him standing next to a blonde, middle-aged woman. They were both talking to a brown-haired man who had his back to Lacey.
She studied Mr. Russell for a moment. He didn’t look too imposing. He had thinning gray hair and a sharp nose, but he laughed as he talked which made him seem grandpa-ish. 
As Garrett and Lacey walked up to the group, she kept her eyes on him and took more deep breaths.
Garrett towed her over until they stood nearby. “Mr. Russell?” he said, drawing the man’s attention.
Mr. Russell looked over at Garrett and smiled in acknowledgement. “You’re from Kenworth’s, right? Mr.…” His voice trailed off as he tried to remember.
“Halifax. Garrett Halifax. Good to see you again.” 
The brown-haired man who’d had his back to them moved sideways to make room for them. 
Mr. Russell gestured to the woman standing next to him. “You perhaps already know Linda, the branch manager here. And Bill,” he said, with a sweep of his hand toward the other man, “is our regional president—and is incidentally, my son-in-law.” He chuckled and raised one hand. “It’s not nepotism, because he had the job before he met my daughter.”
Lacey’s eyes went to the younger man, and with a shock of recognition, nearly lost her grip on her drink. He’d gone by Will a year and a half ago when he’d asked her out, but it was definitely the same guy: short brown hair, slightly upturned nose, handsome in a boyish sort of way—although she’d long ago stopped thinking there was anything attractive about him. He was the man who’d driven her to the mountain overlook and threatened to leave her there if she didn’t put out.
And now he was here. Apparently he worked for the bank.
Her first impulse was to curse him out and throw her punch in his face. She resisted this impulse, because Garrett would think something was seriously wrong with her if, without any sort of provocation, she tossed her drink on a second guy.
Her next thought was that none of this was fair. She and her family had worked so hard just to lay the groundwork to convince these men that their restaurant deserved a chance, and now none of it mattered. As soon as Garrett introduced her, Bill would know who she was. No way would he ever loan her money. He was already looking at her questioningly, as though she looked familiar but he couldn’t place her.
“This is Lacey Johnson.” Garrett put his hand on her back. “If you’ve had any of the appetizers, you can thank Lacey and her family. They cooked it all. And if you haven’t eaten any of the appetizers, let me tell you, you’re missing out on the best food of the night.”
Bill’s eyes went wide and he pressed his lips together in distaste. Yep, he knew who she was. He didn’t say anything, but then, what could he say—especially in front of his father-in-law?
“I did have some of the food.” Mr. Russell turned his smile to hers. “It was delicious.”
“You have a very talented family,” Linda added. “I wish I could cook like that.”
“You should taste their pork gyros,” Garrett agreed. “People have been telling them for years that they ought to open up a restaurant, and Lacey is finally taking the steps to do it.” He looked at her, indicating it was her turn to speak.
She wasn’t about to talk about the restaurant. There was no point. Bill would make sure her loan request was denied. Besides, she wasn’t about to ask for any favors from his bank. She addressed Mr. Russell. “How long has Bill been your son-in-law?” She’d tried to make her voice sound light, but it came out with a hard edge.
Mr. Russell didn’t answer. Perhaps he was surprised by the sudden change in topic. Garrett stared at her even more surprised. 
Bill spoke before his father-in-law could reply. “My personal life isn’t up for discussion.” He did a better job of keeping his voice light than Lacey had. Although that was probably because he had more practice deceiving people.
Didn’t matter. He’d still told her what she wanted to know. “Longer than a year and a half, then,” she said.
Mr. Russell's gaze bounced back and forth between them. “Do you know each other?”
“No,” Bill said.
Lacey took a sip of her drink just to show him that she wasn’t rattled. “Yes,” she said. “And I still have the car keys to prove it.”
Garrett’s gaze snapped to her, then went to Bill.
Bill’s eyes narrowed. “You’ve mistaken me for someone else.”
“Really?” she asked. “Because I’m pretty certain there’s a police report with both of our names on it, William Benenson.”
“What?” Mr. Russell asked. A note of alarm tinged his voice.
She didn’t answer. Garrett was handing her his cup. She took it, not sure why he was giving it to her. Was this his way of saying she should not only throw her drink on the guy, but an extra one too?
She glanced at him to try and read his expression but he was no longer looking at her. His eyes were on Bill, anger making his jaw tight. Without a word, Garrett took a step forward and swung his fist right into the man’s face. 
Bill had been staring at Lacey and didn’t see the hit coming until too late. The impact of Garrett’s fist on his nose made a thudding sound. Bill jerked backward, tumbling into the table behind him. 
He wasn’t able to right himself. The table tilted, flipping glasses, plates, and silverware onto the floor with a crash. 
Linda screamed, and Mr. Russell yelled, “What’s wrong with you!”
Garrett didn’t seem to hear either of them. With fists still clenched, he marched over to where Bill was untangling himself from toppled chairs. “Do you remember her now?” 
Bill stumbled to his feet and grabbed his nose. Blood seeped between his fingers, marking them red. His eyes looked wild with anger, or maybe fear. 
“I’ll sue!” he shouted, edging as far away from Garrett as he could. “The police will throw you in jail for this!”
Garrett straightened and adjusted his suit coat, shoulders pressed back. “You want to sue? Fine. The statute of limitations allows Lacey to charge you with attempted assault. And trust me, I’ll make sure she has the best lawyers possible.”
Lacey still stood rooted to the spot, gripping the glasses as she watched the scene. The room had grown completely silent. Everyone was gawking at them. 
“What are you talking about?” Mr. Russell demanded. When Garrett didn’t answer he turned to Bill, “What is he talking about?”
Bill grabbed a napkin from one of the tables and pressed it to his nose. “I don’t know. The guy is crazy.”
Daryl, the nearest waiter, strode over to the group. Anita was on her way, while another waitress was heading out of the room, probably to get security. 
“What’s the trouble?” Daryl asked. He was tall, with a deep voice and the thick arms of a wrestler. And he was looking at Garrett like he was a problem that needed to be dealt with. 
Lacey put a hand on Daryl’s arm to get his attention. “That guy…” she gestured to Bill, “is Mr. Jaguar.”
Daryl’s eyebrows shot up. “The dude who threatened you? The naked hitchhiker?” All of the kitchen staff had heard the story.
“In the flesh,” Lacey said. “Or in this case, in a now-rumpled Armani suit.”
Bill took a step back from the group, the napkin still pressed to his nose. “I don’t know who she is.” 
Daryl didn’t buy that. He made a growling noise and glared at the man. 
Mr. Russell just stared at him. His voice had become crisp and hard. “If you don’t know her, why does she think she knows you? And when were you hitchhiking naked?”
Bill didn’t get a chance to answer. Anita had joined the group and heard Lacey ID the guy. She marched up to him, so mad she was cursing. “You want a piece of some nice little waitress?” She raised a fist, waving it in his direction. “I’ll be happy to give you some of this.”
And she would have too, if Daryl hadn’t grabbed her and held her away from him. 
Bill didn’t stay around after that. He high-tailed it out of the room, napkin still pressed to his nose, while he muttered threats. 
Everyone else in the room gaped at Lacey and Garrett. Well, everyone but Ricky. He stood by Daryl and Anita giving Lacey the thumbs up signal.
***
Lacey led Garrett down the hall toward the kitchen to get ice for his hand. “I can’t believe you punched the regional bank president.” The words were half awe and half reproach.
Garrett stretched his fingers, wincing. “Yeah, well the night has turned out to be full of surprises.”
Lacey glanced over her shoulder. They were still alone in the hallway. “What will you do if the guy calls the police?”
“He’s not going to call.”
“You don’t know that.”
“Yes I do. Because I was clear that if he called the police, I’d help you press charges.”
Lacey shook her head, her heels clicking quickly against the floor. “What you did back there, hitting him in my behalf, that was really sweet, but I don’t want you to get in trouble because of me.”
“Too late to change that now.”
He was right, of course. What was done was done. They’d reached the kitchen and went inside. They trooped past the counter where the waiters and waitresses picked up food. 
A few people looked up and gave them questioning looks, but they all knew who she was. They didn’t stop her, even though she was clearly not here to work. 
Aunt Irene was filling a platter and looked up and noticed her. “What are you doing in here?”
“Garrett hurt his hand,” she said. “I’m getting some ice.”
Aunt Irene made tutting noises. 
“And if the police come looking for us,” Lacey said, “You never saw us.”
Aunt Irene looked up from her platter again. “What’s that about the police?”
Vincent, who was nearby, said, “She’s just joking, Ma.” 
Lacey wasn’t, but she didn’t set her cousin right. She and Garrett reached the outer room where the ice machine was. Lacey took a cloth napkin from a stack on the counter and held it underneath the ice lever. “You know,” she said as the machine churned out cubes, “I imagined this night ending in a lot of different ways, but giving warnings about evading the police wasn’t even on the list.”
Garrett leaned against the counter, slowly moving his hand. “Well, the night isn’t over yet.”
She tied the napkin so it wouldn’t come loose and handed it to him. Next, she went to the cupboard where some first aid supplies were and gave Garrett two Tylenol tablets. She filled a glass of water and gave him that as well. “Does it feel like you broke something?”
“I don’t think so.” He put the pills in his mouth and washed them down with the water. “I don’t know, though. I’ve never broken anything before.”
“I can take you to the emergency room.”
He shook his head. “Just drive me home. I’ll see how it feels in a half an hour.”
“Okay.”
They made their way across the dining room and headed toward the front exit. Garrett stretched his injured fingers, grimacing. “That guy had a face like a concrete wall.”
“If you’d grown up in LA, you would’ve known not to punch someone in the face. Your finger bones are delicate. You’ve got to go for the throat.”
“Well, that’s a handy tip to know.”
She put her hand on his arm. “I did tell you thank you, didn’t I?”
“You could tell me again.” 
“Thank you.” They’d come to the front door. She pushed it open and stepped out into the cool night air.
He followed her outside. “I wouldn’t mind a little more enthusiasm in your thanks.”
“The enthusiasm can wait. I’ve got to get you home.”
He didn’t say much else as they climbed into his car or while she drove. She kept stealing glances at him, trying to gauge how much pain he was in. His jaw looked tight, as though he was clenching it. 
When they got to his condo, she went to his freezer, found an ice pack, then stood with him in the living room and unbuttoned his suit coat to help him get it off.
He looked her over, his eyelids partly closed. “Was this on the list?” 
“What?” She didn’t know what he meant.
“Your list of the ways this night might end. Was unbuttoning my clothes in the top ten?” 
He was joking. She refused to let herself get flustered. “Oh, definitely. It was number one.”
“Good. Then at least some part of this night has met your expectations.”
He shouldn’t say those sorts of things to her and wouldn’t if he knew how it affected her. She finished with the buttons, went around behind him, and helped him slip out of the coat. He winced as the sleeve went over his hand.
“Maybe I should take you in for x-rays,” she said.
He shook his head and slumped on the couch. “It’s already hurting less. I think it will be fine.”
She sat down beside him, took the ice pack from his hand, and examined his fingers. They were swollen, but not as badly as she’d expected. She gently put the ice pack back on his hand. 
He was watching her, not speaking. 
“I’m sorry about your hand,” she said.	
“Wasn’t your fault.”
“I know, but I’m still sorry. I’m sure this wasn’t on your list of how the night would end either.”
He leaned his head back against the couch. “Sitting with you on the couch was on my list, but in that scenario, kissing was involved.”
She eyed him, trying to look severe instead of flattered. “You shouldn’t say things like that if you don’t mean them.”
He reached out with his good hand and brushed a strand of hair away from her face. “Who says I don’t mean it?”
“You never mean it.” She noticed how close they were sitting but didn’t move away from him, even when his hand went to her shoulder and he leaned forward. She watched him, didn’t shut her eyes until the very last moment when his lips touched hers. 
Apparently, his flirting meant something this time. Good. Finally. His mouth pressed against hers, tenderly caressing her lips. She sighed and melted. His hand slid from her shoulder and went up to her neck. He pulled her nearer. She put her hands on his shirt, leaning into him, but was afraid to get too close in case she accidentally touched his injured hand. 
His lips left hers and made a soft trail across her cheek. He kissed the skin of her neck below her ear until she felt breathless, then his lips returned to hers. 
She kissed him back, more urgently. Sparks were skittering down her spine and her pulse thrummed. By the time he lifted his head, she was lost and dizzy. 
He let out a husky breath. “I’ve wanted to do that for a long time.”
Had he? “How long?”
His lips were back near her ear. “Since the pool party Jojo had before your senior year.”
Jojo had had a lot of pool parties back during their high school summers. Garrett had been home from college, but she never remembered him giving her more than passing attention. 
“Which pool party?” she asked. “What did I do?” She expected him to say something about the way she looked in a swimsuit, and was already trying to remember what swimsuit she’d had that year.
His lips brushed against her neck teasingly. “While Jojo and the rest of her friends were lounging around the pool, you were in the kitchen helping my mother with the food.”
“Oh,” she said, surprised. She didn’t remember it.
“And you were the only one of her friends who picked up afterwards.”
She had? “You noticed that?”
“Mmm hmm. You were thoughtful and sweet.” He dropped another kiss on her lips. “And I’ve been noticing you ever since.”
She pulled away to see his expression. “Then why didn’t you let me know earlier?”
“You were in high school and I was in college.”
“Not for the last month and a half.”
He looked at her like she should already know his reasons. “For the last month and a half, I’ve been your teacher. It’s unethical to use a position of power to hit on a girl.” His hand brushed through her hair. “But all of that doesn’t seem to matter so much anymore.”
She leaned back into him and wound her arms around his neck. “Because kissing me is worth abusing your position of power?”
“Because you decided not to do interviews. The dissertation isn’t an issue any more.”
Oh, that. She found his lips, gave him a light kiss. “Actually, I gave my resume to the events manager already. She interviewed me on the spot.”
“Really?” He straightened to better see her face. “You did?”
“You’ve done so much for me. It was the least I could do for you.”
His expression softened in appreciation. “How did it go?”
“Good. I was even able to talk about my father’s cancer without getting emotional. Which I guess is for the best, since I’m not ever going to get a bank loan. Maybe I should take the job if they offer.”
His hand ran along her back soothingly. “Don’t say that. We haven’t tried every bank in the state.”
“Is that what it’s going to take to get funding? Every bank in the state?”
“We’ll find a way.” He cocked his head at her. “That is if you still want my help. So far, I haven’t been of much use.”
She smiled and looked upward. “I’m trying to think of the right way to say this—the erudite way…”
His hand ran along her back again, waiting. 
She met his eyes. “Sir, you mustn’t reproach yourself. I cannot bear it. I admire your efforts—and a whole lot else about you, by the way—and confess in the most passionate of terms my undying regard for you.” She leaned closer to him. “Did I say that right?”
“Perfect. Tell me more about those passionate terms.” He pulled her close against him and kissed her again. They stayed like that for several minutes until Lacey’s phone rang. She lifted her head away from him, blinking in the direction of the phone. 
“Ignore it,” he said.
She shook her head. “It’s my mother’s ringtone. She must have found out what happened. What if the police are looking for us?”
Garrett sighed and let her go so she could answer.
Lacey pulled the phone out of her purse, took a couple of calming breaths in an attempt to sound normal, and sat back on the couch next to Garrett. “Hello?”
“Are you all right?” her mother asked, worried.
Garrett slid his arm around her shoulder. She was better than all right. She was deliriously happy. 
Before she could answer, her mother went on, “What happened with the banker? Everyone is saying that Garrett punched him.”
“Yeah, he did.”
“Why would he punch the man you were trying to impress?”
Lacey shifted, leaning closer to Garrett. “Remember Mr. Jaguar? Turns out he works at the bank.”
Her mother drew in a sharp breath. “Really?” She let out a stream of swear words. “It’s too bad he already left. I’d punch him too.”
“No need. Garrett did a thorough job.”
“Good,” her mother said. “I’ve decided to approve of him after all.”
 “Did the police ever come to the resort looking for us?”
“No. Did you call them? They should throw that horrible man in jail. I hope they find him.” 
Lacey didn’t explain that Bill was actually the one who had threatened to call the police on Garrett. If the police hadn’t come, he was probably right and Bill’s threat had been an empty one. “Sorry that cooking the food turned out to be a waste of time,” Lacey said. 
“Don’t think of it as a waste. It’s advertising. When we open our restaurant, all of these people will want to come in and have some of our food.”
That was the optimistic way to think of it. “Right. There are other banks. We still have some time before Mr. Choate retires.”
“That’s the other reason I called,” her mother said. “Mr. Choate wants to talk to you about the restaurant before he goes to accept his award. Let me get him.” 
A couple of minutes later Mr. Choate’s drawl came over the phone. “I’ve got to say, this has already been the most interesting awards dinner I’ve ever been to. You have quite a fan club among the other waiters and waitresses.”
“They were just concerned about me. The man Garrett punched—he and I have a history.”
“So I heard—along with the rest of the diners. After you left, the restaurant manager came in to find out what had happened, and a couple of waiters were very animated while relating the story.” Mr. Choate chuckled. “Doesn’t matter what the emcee says during the awards ceremony now. She’s not going to be able to top the story of you locking a man out of his car in the buff. Served him right, though. I always knew you were a smart girl.”
“Thanks,” Lacey said, although she wasn’t glad to hear that the drama had continued after she’d left with Garrett. Disrupting this dinner would probably not win her points with the resort management.
“I’m guessing you’re not going to ask those bank folks for a loan after all.”
“Citibank is off the table.” She inwardly winced, not wanting to say what she had to say next. “I might need a little longer to find a bank that will give me a loan…” 
Garrett put his hand over hers, a gesture of silent support.
“About that,” Mr. Choate said. “I’ve been thinking that maybe I shouldn’t retire after all.”
Lacey’s breath caught painfully in her chest. If he wasn’t going to retire, then she didn’t have a chance of renting a building with a good location. Could she find a place further away from the town center? Was it worth it even to try? A tightness took hold of her throat. How many obstacles did a person have to overcome before it was time to give up and declare their dream officially dead?
“Maybe I just need to revitalize the old place,” he went on.
She tried to keep the disappointment from her voice. “If that’s your decision, then of course I understand.”
“You don’t understand yet. I liked the food you served tonight, and what’s better, everyone else did too. While your mother was restocking the tables, she told some folks that your restaurant would be opening in a few months. Their faces lit right up. They wanted details. Been a long time since anyone has had that much excitement about my food. 
Got me thinking that there’s more than one way to skin this here cat. Instead of you having to scramble for a loan, we could be partners. I’ll front the money for a new sign, some decorations, and printing up new menus. That sort of thing. You and your family will be on salary, and the restaurant’s first profits will go to paying me back for the renovations. Once that’s done, we’ll split the profits fifty-fifty. Since you won’t have to pay rent, hopefully that will be a good deal. When you get to the point that you want to take the place over completely, then I’ll step aside and you can just pay the rent that we agreed on.”
“Really?” she asked, voice rising in astonishment. “You’d do that?”
“When it comes down to it, I want someone I like as a renter. You worked for me for two years so I think I know you well enough to say you fit the bill. If you agree to the terms, I’ll have my lawyer draw up a contract and send it to you.”
Relief rushed through Lacey. Relief and gratitude. “Yes. Thank you. That would be great.”
“Good. I’ll announce it during my service award acceptance speech.” He let out another chuckle. “I suppose they’ll regret giving me the community service award, now that I’m not retiring after all, but them’s the breaks.” 
“You definitely deserve the award. Thank you again.”
She hardly remembered saying goodbye and hanging up. She was floating. Everything would work out after all. With excitement, she told Garrett the whole conversation. “Isn’t it wonderful?” she gushed. 
“Yes, especially since this means that technically you’re getting a loan so Jojo will have to go out with Nelson. I’ll at least have one happy night where I won’t have to worry that my sister is with an idiot.”
Lacey didn’t comment on that. “Mr. Choate is awesome.”
“He is. But we’ll have a lawyer go over the contract carefully anyway. Not that I don’t trust him,” Garrett added. “I’m sure it’s all above board. It’s just one of those things you have to do in business.” He threaded his fingers through hers. “I guess you’ll have to learn all of those sorts of things pretty fast.”
She leaned into him, snuggling up against his side. “I’m glad I have someone who can help me with that.”
“You want me to be your business consultant?” 
“I definitely want you,” she said. “And you can be my business consultant too.”
“Good.” He leaned over and kissed her again.

Epilogue
Two months later, the steakhouse had its grand reopening as The Santorini Ridge Cafe. Lacey acted as hostess, greeting customers and showing them to their seats. The place was packed with as many locals as tourists. Whatever else had been accomplished at the Chamber of Commerce awards dinner, Lacey and her restaurant had definitely made an impression on the city’s business people. 
She recognized the Montgomerys from the bed and breakfast, Jessica and Gentry from Kenworth’s, and Tatum and Corbin came in as well. Garrett’s father had been promoting the restaurant at his doctor’s office and his mom had sent out coupons to all of her clients. Even Alan, The Stone Hearth Lodge’s manager, showed up to try out the food and wish her luck. This was especially nice of him, since he hadn’t been all that happy with her right after the awards ceremony.
The day after the dinner when she’d gone to resort for her shift, he’d come up to her in the backroom. “And here is the illustrious Miss Johnson,” he said, with a less-than-pleased expression, “the woman who’s at the root of our latest uproar.”
Lacey had put her purse into her locker. “I’m sorry my date punched one of the dinner guests. Although not all that sorry, because actually the guy deserved it.”
“I wasn’t talking about that,” Alan said. “Mrs. Levering planned on hiring you as an assistant, and I had to tell her this morning that Mr. Choate announced he was taking you on as a business partner.”
And that was how Lacey knew that she would have gotten the job. The offer was enough to count for Garrett’s dissertation, even if she didn’t end up taking the job.
At the end of Santorini Ridge Café’s opening night, Lacey was both exhausted and giddy. But not so exhausted that she wanted to go home. She and Garrett went out onto the restaurant patio, ate chocolate and hazelnut baklava and looked at the stars.
“Are you happy with how the night turned out?” he asked her.
“I will be in a second,” she said, leaned over and kissed him.

The story continues with A Perfect Fit

Want to read more? Enjoy this sample from How I Met Your Brother.
Follow this link

Note from Janette
I hope you enjoyed the book! Is it too soon to beg ask you for a review? Yes? No? (I don't want to be one of those needy authors.) But I would really appreciate two sentences for review (or more if you're one of those people who always went above and beyond in your English classes.) Authors love you. Consider it your good deed for the day. 
Please leave a review!

And if you want to be in the know about all my new releases, sales, and occasionally weigh in on my cover choices, sign up for my newsletter. You’ll get a free copy of my novel Fame, Glory, and Other Things On My To-do List.

CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR NEWLETTER 
Also, if you enjoyed this book, check out my other titles. And if you didn’t enjoy this book, um, still check out the other books because they’ll probably be better...
Janette



Other Works by 
Janette Rallison


Adult romantic comedies
The Cowboy and the Girl Next Door: Wyle Away Ranch Book 1
My Fair Lacey & A Perfect Fit
How I Met Your Brother
Masquerade
A Longtime (and at One Point Illegal) Crush
What the Doctor Ordered (under pen name Sierra St. James)
YA fiction
Son of War, Daughter of Chaos
The Girl Who Heard Demons
Just One Wish
My Double Life
Life, Love, and the Pursuit of Free Throws
Playing The Field
The Wrong Side of Magic
My Fair Godmother
My Unfair Godmother
My Fairly Dangerous Godmother
All’s Fair in Love, War, and High School
Blue Eyes and Other Teenage Hazards
Revenge of the Cheerleaders
Fame, Glory, and Other Things on my To Do List
It’s a Mall World After All
How to Take The Ex Out of Ex-boyfriend
Slayers (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: Friends and Traitors (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: Playing With Fire (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: The Dragon Lords (under pen name CJ Hill)
Slayers: The Making of a Mentor: A Tor.Com Original (under pen name CJ Hill)
Erasing Time (under pen name CJ Hill)
Echo in Time (under pen name CJ Hill)
If you like audio books, try:
Just One Wish audio book
My Fairly Dangerous Godmother audio book
How I Met Your Brother audio book
Erasing Time audio book (under pen name CJ Hill)
Echo in Time audio book (under pen name CJ Hill)

About Janette Rallison

USA Today, bestselling author, Janette Rallison/ CJ Hill writes books because writing is much more fun than cleaning bathrooms. Her avoidance of housework has led her to writing 26 novels that have sold over 1,000,000 print copies and have been on many reading and state lists. Her books are fantasy, sci-fi, and romantic comedy because hey, there is enough angst in real life, but there’s a drastic shortage of humor, romance and hot guys who fight dragons. She lives in Chandler, Arizona with her husband, kids, and enough cats to classify her as eccentric.  




Want to read more? Enjoy this sample from How I Met your Brother

Chapter 1
Belle had never been the type who dreamed of being a runway model. Even back in high school when her friends were vying for whatever spotlight was available, she was the sort who preferred to stay in the background, unnoticed, while she got the work done. Work was the answer to every question, at least to every question that mattered, and the pride in doing your job better than everyone else, well, that was what earned respect from the people who mattered. Work. Pride. Dignity.
Everyone knew that about her. So, Belle’s boss really should have known better than to ask her to strap on six-inch heels and strut down a catwalk. 
“You’re kidding me,” she told him.
They stood backstage, fifteen minutes before their spring line made its debut at fashion week. Models, makeup artists, and hairstylists hurried by. Dressers trolleyed outfits past them and seamstresses made last-minute alterations. The whole place smelled of new fabric and hairspray: the scent of haute couture. 
“I don’t kid during fashion week. Svetlana went AWOL.” Felix Cohen flipped through the call sheets. He was nearly sixty, and what little hair he had left was short-cropped and peppered with gray. The sleeves of his sage green shirt were rolled up, and he carried a roll of antacids that he’d been popping all morning like they were SweeTarts. 
Viv, the head seamstress, held a periwinkle silk business dress up to Belle, eyeing it for adjustments. “Some sort of crisis called Svetlana away,” Viv said. “She’s either visiting a sick Russian consort or rushing to a Sic concert. It’s hard to tell because her English is only so-so.”
Belle ignored Viv’s sizing attempts. “One of those things should get her fired.”
“Either way,” Felix said, “we’re a model short today. You’ll need to take her place.” Felix was Fontaine’s founder, creative director, and CEO. Mostly the CEO. That alone was a full-time job, so he’d turned the bulk of the creative work over to the design team. 
Belle had gotten used to him staying in his office and only emerging during those occasions he felt the need to remind everyone about deadlines or cost containment. She didn’t know how best to handle this new edict. She was at the show as a designer. Her job was to mingle with buyers and fashion magazine reporters. She was supposed to make contacts and present herself as someone of substance, not parade down the runway. 
“Why can’t you call the agency and get another girl?” She didn’t bother protesting that she didn’t know how to model. Fashion shows had been a staple during college design classes. All the students knew how to work the catwalk.
Viv pinned the dress against Belle’s waist, checking to see where the hem fell. “Stay still, dear. I don’t want to poke you.”
Felix shrugged off Belle’s question. “Everyone is booked during fashion week. Besides, you know what traffic is like in New York. Even if they had another girl, the agency couldn’t get her here in time.”
Normally, one missing model wouldn’t have been a big deal. Each girl typically had two changes. Asking a couple of them to double up wouldn’t have been hard. But this season, Felix had decided to cut costs by hiring a third of the models the show usually used and increasing their changes to six apiece. As it was, the girls barely had enough time to change. Backstage was going to be a blur of dresses and heels. 
“If you won’t model,” Felix went on, “we’ll just have to scratch your line from the program.”
“My line?” Belle straightened and was nearly jabbed with a pin. 
“Someone’s will have to be cut. As I see it, you’re the one who’s not being a team player.”
Belle wasn’t the only one who’d worked on those clothes. Three seamstresses had made, remade, and fussed over the prototypes. The sales team had been promoting her line, and their overseas reps were already getting the material ready for mass-market versions. Cutting Belle’s line would kill the orders. “Why not Rita’s or Sebastien’s? You’re not asking them to take a turn on the catwalk.” 
“Rita’s the wrong size, and Sebastien is a forty-year-old man. Any audience wanting to see him in a skirt is an entirely different demographic.” His voice turned cajoling. “Come on. This will make you a model employee. Literally.”
Belle blinked at him. “I’m only five eight,” which was short for a runway model. “I’m at least twenty pounds heavier than anyone in the show.” The models were all flirting with anorexia, while Belle had actual curves. “If you put me next to them, I’ll look like the short, fat girl.”
“What are you talking about?” Felix fluttered a hand in her direction. “You’re thin and beautiful. That’s why I hired you. Now go change and show all of the retailers why they have to buy our clothes.”
She stared at him, unmoving. 
“I pay the models two hundred an hour. If you delay this event even fifteen minutes, do you realize what it will cost me?”
And that was how Belle found herself sauntering down the catwalk in six-inch heels. She didn’t have to fake the look of haughty distaste that the models always wore. She was naturally simmering because of Felix. 
She wasn’t a team player? She worked overtime every single night, while most of the employees were out the door at the stroke of five. 
And Felix had hired her because she was thin and beautiful? She couldn’t help but read other things into the statement. He’d hired her to work at Fontaine because he wanted someone young and trendy to deal with the customers. He didn’t care about her talent or vision. He saw her as some sort of assistant who could deal with retailers, distributors, and merchandisers but who would never amount to more than a glorified gopher. 
She paused on the runway and struck a pose. How long had Felix been promising to make her a senior designer? A year? Well, five, if you counted her first interview, when he’d lured her away from the internship in Paris. He’d gushed about her portfolio and the way she made fabric flow. She’d been just what his fledgling fashion house needed. He promised that as soon as she got some experience, she’d be a senior designer. 
As camera flashes went off around Belle, she noted an assortment of heiresses, actresses, and sport celebrities’ wives in the audience. Some big names were here. But that wasn’t what made her stomach twist with nerves. Several of the department-store buyers in the audience were watching her with puzzled expressions. They recognized her and no doubt wondered why she was climbing her way down the corporate ladder. She came to a stop at the end of the catwalk, struck another pose, and turned. To her left were a cluster of magazine reps and fashion bloggers.
She risked a smile at them even though she wasn’t supposed to make eye contact. She would explain her temporary career switch to them later, turn it into a funny story. Better yet, she’d turn it into an anecdote about determination. 
The show must go on, even if you have to put on six-inch heels and march down a slick runway. Making it in the fashion industry meant giving every endeavor a hundred and ten percent of your effort. This probably counted as a hundred and twenty.
She’d have felt better if she’d been wearing her own line, but after Felix had consulted with Sebastien, the head of the fashion design team, he’d decided that Sebastien’s clothes would show better on her. They were tailored toward women who had figures.
Which, knowing Sebastien, was a given. The man probably got into this business just so he had an excuse to stare unabashedly at women’s bodies. Seriously, the way he ran his hands over the dressing dummies verged on creepy. 
The first outfit Belle modeled was business casual; her second, business-not-so-casual. The third, business-if-you-want-to-seduce-your-boss, and the fourth, business-as-a-call-girl. 
Then it was time to showcase formalwear. Her first gown was borderline skanky and the second a person would only wear in Las Vegas—as the performer of some questionable show that children weren’t admitted to. 
Sebastien’s problem was that he hardly ever tried to create elegant gowns. He was all about shock value. He wanted to be noticed and remembered. Which was fine for him; he didn’t have to wear the stuff. Belle was not as keen to be remembered for this gown. It was made of sheer beige fabric and sequins—so sheer that the strategically placed sequins were the only thing that kept it from being see-through. As if that wasn’t enough, it was slit up to her thigh and had a built-in pushup bra that pushed way too much up.
When Viv handed the gown to Belle in the dressing room, she just stared at it. “Where’s the rest of it?”
“Don’t be squeamish,” Viv said. “You’ve got the body to pull it off.”
“What I’ve got is self-respect and a college degree. No woman with either of those things would wear this in public.” She’d seen all of Sebastien’s design sketches but had never fully realized how sheer or low-cut this dress was until now. No wonder Svetlana had gone AWOL.
 “People show more skin than this on the beach,” Viv said.
“And if we were on a beach right now, I might consider wearing it.” 
Viv rolled her eyes. “Put it on, or you’ll miss your cue.”
Belle gestured in the direction of the stage. “People are recording the show. If I fall out of this, it will be death by YouTube.”
Viv picked up a pair of matching sequined high heels and handed them to Belle. “That dress is exactly the kind of thing celebrities wear to awards shows. If one of them wants it, the advertising alone will set us up for the season. Now put it on, go out there, and channel your inner diva.”
Belle clenched her teeth, silently repeating, with far less enthusiasm this time, platitudes about shows “going on.” One hundred and twenty percent. Team players…
She might think the dress was demeaning, but that didn’t mean other women wouldn’t love it. She’d known when entering the design world that a fashion house wouldn’t change its clothes to suit her tastes. As long as she helped Fontaine be successful, she could design clothes for women like herself—ones who wanted to be taken seriously in the workplace. 
Which at the moment seemed ironic, since this was her workplace and no one would take her seriously in this getup. 
Belle took the dress from Viv’s hand. “Fine. But I’m putting my foot down after this. I won’t wear anything else from Sebastien’s I’m-single-and-lonely fantasy line.”
“You don’t have to,” Viv said. “It’s your last change of the show.”
Belle pulled on the dress, glad for once that her family didn’t keep up with her doings. She didn’t talk much to her mom—it was hard to catch her sober—and Belle hadn’t seen her father since he left the family when she was nine. Her brother, even if he had cared about fashion, was in the Air Force and always stationed out of the country. Germany this time.
She would not be mentioning this fashion show in any of her texts to him.
One glance in the mirror let Belle know that the dress was every bit as revealing as she’d feared—probably even more than Sebastien had planned because Belle wasn’t stick thin like the other models.
She strode out of the dressing room and took her turn on the runway, heels clicking angrily. Camera flashes went off around her creating a strobe light effect. 
So this is what it feels like to be a sellout. Somehow she’d always imagined it would be more alluring. Like the times she ate deluxe chocolate ice cream, the kind with an entire day’s calories in one luscious bowl. But no, this just felt as if she’d lost all respectability. She didn’t make eye contact with the retailers or fashion magazine reps this time. If any of them were judging her, she didn’t want to see it.
That’s when she noticed Sebastien in the crowd. He sat in the front row, watching her smugly. His smirk was as revealing as her gown.
Had he planned this? Could he have?
Her mind flashed back to last September’s fashion week. Fontaine always threw an after-show party for the industry VIP’s, hoping that champagne, hors d’oeuvres, gift bags, and heavy amounts of mingling would curry favor. At the party, Sebastien had had more than his share of champagne. At the end of the night, he cornered her near the coat closet and spent several minutes bemoaning how most women couldn’t understand his genius. Then he’d proclaimed her to be among the lucky elite capable of such a feat, and invited her to his hotel room.
She might have been, well, while not receptive, at least flattered—if he hadn’t been slurring every word of his speech. As it was, she doubted he would remember any of the conversation the next day, let alone mean the things he said about her.
“No thanks,” she told him. “Why don’t you get something to eat? You need some food in your stomach.”
“You know what you need?” he responded, a leer growing. “You need to get out of those clothes and let me dress you for once.” His eyes raked over her suggestively. “I could do a much better job.”
Definitely wasted. Otherwise he would’ve known he couldn’t win points with a designer by insulting her wardrobe.
“Again, no thanks.”
He took a step toward her, shaking his head with reproach as if she were a student who’d given an obviously wrong answer in class. “You’re too young to know how things work. If you want to get ahead, you’ve got to grease the right wheels. In this case, mine.” 
“Sorry,” she said, putting her hand up to stop his advance. “Your wheels will just have to stay ungreased.” She edged around him. “See you later.”
Before she’d taken two steps, he called, “If you walk away from me, you’ll regret it.” 
She walked away anyway, and didn’t regret it. 
He’d been so obviously drunk that she hadn’t considered the incident to be harassment, just bad judgment on his part. She’d expected him to apologize the next time he saw her at work, and she’d been ready to graciously laugh the whole thing off. When he showed up the following Monday and acted like nothing had happened, she figured he probably didn’t even remember the night, let alone the conversation.
Sure, sometimes at work his eyes lingered on her longer than normal, and there was an assortment of days when he acted as if everything she did either offended or amused him, but she’d figured he was just one of those moody, creative types.
Now, looking at his smirk, she knew he remembered that night with perfect clarity. Probably remembered every word. And she had as good as let him dress her in this horrible gown. As she passed him, he mouthed something to her. She couldn’t be sure what, but it seemed suspiciously like the phrase, “Grease my wheels, baby.”
She made a sharp turn so he wouldn’t see her cheeks burning, and headed straight down the walk. She was marching too fast, but she didn’t care.
Had Sebastien planned all of this? It didn’t seem plausible. He wouldn’t have gotten rid of a model in hopes that Felix would force Belle to wear his clothes, would he? Could he have gone to that much trouble just to show Belle he could jerk her chain? Whatever the case, the end result was the same. He was jerking it.
She stormed back into the dressing room and nearly ripped the gown off.
She was going to have a talk with Felix. Time he knew what games his head designer was playing.
To read the rest of the book, click here
Thanks

