

COPYRIGHT

Thank you for downloading this eBook. 
Although this is book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, scanned or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own free copy at their favourite eBook retailer.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.


About the Author
Other eBooks from the Author
Coming soon eBooks from the Author
Get in touch with the Author


Prologue
He was different; he was a sin; he was beautiful: he was dangerous; and he was mine. 
I thought I met him by chance although perhaps it was fate entwining our souls towards a deadly path. 
His eyes were glistening green; he had the body of a god; his smell was intoxicating; he drew me in until there was no way out. 
As a part wolf part witch, we were always taught never to interact with the immortals as we called them, but I could not resist, something about him pulled me into his web; he enchanted me. 

Chapter One
It was a very hot summer’s day when I decided to help my oldest best friend Lisa resurrect her daughter who she recently lost. 
Nia had been killed by a strong immortal known as Kalos when he invaded their hometown of Harrowville, she had sacrificed herself with her friend Eric to save the entire town from Kalos and they both paid the price with their lives. 
I had watched Lisa battle with the sheer emotional agony she had endured from the loss of her daughter and I needed to help her, she was my best friend who felt like she was my sister, my family. 
Although I could not tell anyone not even Lisa, there was too much risk associated with resurrection which was only done through accessing the dimension.
The stories and rumours that this village grew up with about accessing the dimension through the portal and resurrecting supernatural beings were fraught with death, danger and darkness. 
I knew there were risks but I was aware that Lisa was close to suicide and had lost all her magic, if she suffered anymore, I would lose her, and the thought was terrifying. 
If there was a slither of hope that I could relieve her suffering it was worth the risk. 
I knew I had a strong chance of surviving because from a young age I was different the other supernatural creatures particularly the witches, all the witches I have ever met would be focussed on using the methods of the elders whereas I never did. 
I was independent and experimented with magic that even the elders had never discovered and when I reached 18 my werewolf gene was activated, and I stopped aging. I became one of the few who would never die and one of the strongest supernatural creatures that was to even exist except for the original supernatural beings who were the first of our kinds such as Kalos.
There are three main types of supernatural; the witches or warlocks; werewolves: and immortals or vampires as the movies call them. The sub types of supernatural are the; gargoyles; ghosts: and angels. 
For the main types you had the originals of their kinds, legend says there were only twelve of them to begin with until they bred and grew. 
There were three witches; four werewolves: and five immortals. They lived harmoniously until the immortals became overcome with hunger and began devouring them one by one until they were banished by the witches. 
From that moment on, the original supernatural relationships crumbled down. The survivors and those cast out were scattered across the globe and forged new alliances and made their own families by creating new supernatural creatures like me. 
My mother was a werewolf and my father a warlock. They never should have been together but their bond they forged was stronger than any stigma or rules that people tried to impose on them. 
They had eight children, six boys and two girls. Seven children were either a werewolf or a witch or warlock, but I was a combination, the only sixth hybrid to ever have existed in supernatural history, a rare breed. 
For a while I was able to channel my power through the natural elements however when I turned eighteen, I killed a wolf while protecting our village however he turned out to be a werewolf and instantly my werewolf curse was activated and I was overcome with rage. I slaughtered my entire village including my family, ran away and became a lone traveller.
After over 600 years of roaming the earth predominantly on my own, I met Lisa who was one of the only people who accepted me for what I was and she took me in, she helped me channel my dark side into doing good for the village.
I knew resurrection was against the laws of the village and there had been many people who had tried before me whom either perished themselves or others with them, but I was confident that I was powerful enough to help. 
From the rumours I knew I would have to absorb all the dark magic that ever existed in the village. There was one location in the entire village where the elders collected all the dark magic books to secure them away from prying eyes, the vault. The vault was situated underneath the well of fortune. 
Breaking into the vault was not going to be an easy task, the elders had six cauldrons strategically placed around the vault with each cauldron containing a special potion of defence. 
There was invisibility; strength; power; hypnotise; cloak: and armoury. All the cauldrons protected the vault from outsiders and intruders. However, I was not born yesterday, and I had seen many vaults over my long lifetime, this was not my first rodeo. 
The best way to break into the vault was to trick the cauldrons into thinking you were neither an outsider or an intruder, to do that I needed to magically create the illusion that there was someone else accessing the vault and I was an elder protecting the vault from the intruder. 
As the towns curator I had samples of everyone’s hair and other DNA as the elders like to keep logs of whom lived in the village. I would use one of the samples of hair in an incantation to create the illusion that another member of the village was accessing the vault. 
While the cauldrons are fighting off the illusion I will leap in and act like I am saving the vault. Therefore, the cauldrons would see me as a protector and give me full access to the vault. 
In theory this means I am not breaking any laws of the village at least not until I absorb the dark magic, access the dimension through the portal and resurrect them, of course then I am breaking all the rules.
I had heard about the dimension from whispers and stories of the wider supernatural community. 
There were rumours that to enable yourself to access the dimension you needed to sacrifice a part of your soul to the darkness, I never believed in ghost stories or feared the darkness and I was not going to do now. 
The dimension was always described as the wasteland for all supernatural creatures who had not settled their sins, essentially the purgatory of the supernatural community. 
To enable yourself to pass on you must either settle your sins or pay for them, neither of these options were painless or pleasant.
Walking into the village museum, I went to our record cupboard which was next to the library. Entering my code, I quickly snatched a vial of hair without looking at whose it was, to be honest it did not matter whose hair I used because no one would be finding out anyway. 
Taking out the town map I searched for the well of fortune and wrote down the coordinates before pocketing the vial and coordinates in my leather jacket pocket.
Leaving the village museum, I checked that the village square was empty, I did not want anyone asking me why I was out this time of night, the less people I see the less lies I have to tell to cover up what I was about to do. 
I loved this village and that was another reason I was willing to do this. The village and the villagers they were my home, they had been my home since I met Lisa and with Nia gone there was a fracture in the underbelly of the village that no matter how many fetes or carnivals or gatherings we held, we simply could not repair. 
Taking out the vial with the sample of the DNA that I had stolen I placed it on the step that led into the vault and summoned the illusions. Suddenly I was face to face with Grayson and I wished I had chosen a less complicated vial. 
Grayson was my best friend and, like Lisa, one of my closest allies. He was a twenty-eight-year-old werewolf, one of the strongest in the village, and I had personally trained him from a young age to control his wolf. The only problem recently with our relationship was that he wanted more and was quite persistent, but I did not. He was my friend and too young for me. 
“Break into the vault” I commanded the illusion which nodded and turned to the vault door and began attempting to break in. 
Instantly the cauldrons began to attack and defend the vault against the illusion of an intruder.
Armoury was the strongest, the cauldron created a steel like wall which the illusion tried to penetrate whereas strength made the wall stronger which pushed the illusion backwards. 
Cloak was the most beautiful as the cauldron essentially created an illusion that the room was a forest to distract the intruder while the other cauldrons protected the room. I had experienced many cauldrons of protection but nothing quite as exquisite as this. 
“You will not enter the vault!!” I shouted at the illusion and magically made it disappear.
The cauldrons all hummed as they relaxed, knowing that the vault had been protected by one of its own. 
Touching the handle, I was able to open the vault and walk in freely before closing the door behind me.
My supernatural senses were tingling as they could sense the sheer power that was here in the vault. 
There were over a thousand dark powerful ancestral books in this candlelit room and to be able to open the portal and access the dimension I would need to absorb them all. 
Positioning myself in the centre, which had the outline of a star, I magically summoned all the books to lie open at my feet. 
Opening the palms of my hands in front of me, I began the spell to absorb the magic and the candles in the room all blew out but the magic from the books turned the room green. 
As the magic touched my skin it felt like there was something burning me, but I could not move, the spell had paralysed me on the spot until all the magic had been adsorbed, I could not escape. 
Suddenly I could hear terrifying screams all around me. At first, I was unsure as to where the screaming was coming from until I touched my mouth, I noticed that my mouth as open and realised that the person screaming was me. 
The pain that began to seer through my body was like nothing I had ever experienced before; all my nerves were on edge and all my senses felt like they were trapped between electrodes shocking me. 
Blood began pouring out of my fingertips, dripping onto the floor and onto my feet. I wanted everything to stop, I wanted to die but my stubbornness made me determined to carry on.
I focussed on Lisa and heightened my magic by channelling all my love for her and rage for the death of her daughter into my magic. The strength began to shake the walls of the vault and the bricks from the ceiling began to fall and crumble around me.
Suddenly something hit my head hard from above and everything went dark.

Chapter Two
It felt like an eternity had passed when I finally regained consciousness, looking down I noticed that I was covered in my blood. 
I felt different, I could not quite put my finger on the exact feeling I had as there were many that were cascading throughout my body, it was as if my body and emotions were trying to stabilise the new darker magic that was pumping through my veins. 
The one feeling I could register was the power that I was experiencing. Looking down at my hands I was able to produce a flame from my fingers, a legend that I didn’t realise existed in the over 600 years I had lived on this planet. This both enthralled and terrified me, I had never felt more alive. 
I began walking out of the vault which the cauldrons had magically repaired and towards our magical and sacred forest. The forest surrounded our village and featured a broad range of trees from oaks to firs to pines. 
We use the forest for our bigger spells as we can harness the power of mother nature to root us to the earth and strengthen our senses which makes our magic stronger. 
The problem was the forest was accessible to all the village therefore I made a cloaking spell to ensure that I was not seen, disturbed or that I had no unwanted visitors. 
I closed my eyes and spoke the words that would allow me to open the portal to cross to the other dimension. 
A large dark hole almost like a black hole appeared in the middle of the forest causing a gust of wind to blow the trees vigorously around me. Instinctively I knew this must be the portal therefore began briskly walking through the opening, it was as if the magic inside of me was pulling me to the entrance.
The dimension was exactly what I was expected and everything I had feared. 
The dimension was cold; eerie; there were dark shadows scattered like painting on the ground; wind whipped around me: I felt like I had walked into a graveyard and I could not shake the feeling that I was being watched by someone or something, the feeling was unnerving. 
Walking slowly, I noticed figures had appeared in front of me and I recognised that one of them was Lisa’s daughter Nia therefore the other must have been her male friend Eric. 
Nia seemed frazzled and quite jumpy, she had scratches down her arm and across her face as if she had been defending herself from something residing in the dimension. 
Eric however was much worse; he had a deep gash across his chest which looked deep and partially infected. Only one creature could cause that type of wound and that was a gargoyle, one must reside here. Looking around I knew we did not have long until the gargoyle sense that an intruder had accessed the dimension.
Taking my hand out to show Nia could trust me, at first, she was nervous but edged closer until she realised who I was when she touched, and this allowed me to push her through the porthole back to the land of the living. 
Eric was more reluctant as we had never met before and began to snarl at me as I walked towards him however, I practically threw him into the porthole to save him as well even though I knew his reputation as an immortal was particularly sketchy. That was when I saw him.
Kalos looked like a god or how I would picture a god would look like with piercing green eyes and a body like a Greek god, perfectly moulded. 
He was wearing dark jeans with grey military boots; a navy-blue shirt that moulded to his perfectly toned frame: with a black leather jacket. 
Even though I was stood in the dimension, my brain wanted to taste him and without thinking I was suddenly walking towards him as if he was a magnet pulling me close to him. 
Standing directly in front of him he looked confused and apprehensive at me as if he was calculating my game plan, I did not blame him as he did not know me, and I had literally just appeared out of nowhere. 
I’m not sure why I did it, but I held out my hand which he stared perplexed down at as if he was trying to calculate in his mind if I was tricking him. 
He must have taken a few minutes to decide until he pushed us both backwards towards the open porthole, propelling us back through the porthole and back to the land of the living where we landed on top of each other on the forest floor.
Kalos’s body felt hard on top of me, it was as if he was a sculpture made of stone. I had almost forgotten where we both were or what I had just done if not for the growling noise that was coming from behind us.
“Are you crazy?” Nia angrily shouted at me while Eric was baring his teeth. 
The immortal looked down at me before jumping up, holding out his hand, Kalos helped me up from the muddy forest floor. He gave me a deep piercing stare which I refused to look at as he made me feel hot and nervous. 
“You resurrected him!!” Eric shouted at me, pointing his finger at Kalos and running a hand through his black hair. 

“Eric, calm down” Nia said to Eric when his fangs came out.
Eric made a move towards me which the immortal blocked by standing between me and Eric.
“You resurrected Kalos, you’re a stupid bitch” Eric shouted at me and snarling at Kalos.

“Watch your tone” I growled with a warning to Eric not to piss me off. 

“Trust me you are a stupid bitch; you have no idea the danger you have put the world in by resurrecting that monster” Eric growled under his breath. 

“Do not speak to her like that” Kalos growled menacingly at Eric.
Eric pushed Kalos knocking him into me which made Kalos leap like a lion towards Eric. 
Kalos pushed Eric into a tree which made it uproot but Eric punched Kalos in his mouth although this hardly affected Kalos who snapped a tree branch, ramming it into Eric’s stomach. 
Using my magic, I separated the warring immortals holding them both in the air.
“This will stop” I commanded to them both.
Kalos and Eric looked at each other before looking down at me and resistantly nodded at me. 
Cautiously I allowed them down from the suspense I was holding them in, and Eric swiftly removed the branch from his stomach and threw it onto the floor.
Kalos looked directly into my eyes quickly before walking angrily away from us, penetrating my barrier with his magic and slowly disappearing into the pitch-black forest
I was left feeling perplexed at my own feelings and actions towards him. 
“Listen I am sorry, it was a shock to see him after it was us that destroyed him, what made you resurrect him?” Eric tried to apologise although it sounded more like an accusation.  
“I have absolutely no idea” I whispered, removing my barrier from around us.
I could feel Eric staring at me and when I looked at him he was looking at me like Kalos had done in the dimension, as if he was trying to calculate if I had a game plan, I knew Eric was suspicious of me which I did not blame him, even I was confused at why I acted the way I did with Kalos.
“I need to go before anyone realises what I have done, and I cannot walk around the village like this” I gestured to my blood-soaked dress and the ripped leather jacket. 
Walking off I magicked myself to my house. 
The light of the room glared in my eyes and when my eyes focused, I had noticed that I had ended up at Lisa’s instead who was stood there with her arms folded looking furiously at me.
“What the hell have you done?” Lisa snarled.

Chapter Three
“Lisa, I do not know what you are talking about” I went to leave her house, but Lisa grabbed my arm.
“My magic is back; I know why my magic is back. You are covered in blood and you are telling me that you have nothing to do with the fact my magic is back” Lisa rambled while running her hand through her hair. 
“Your magic is back, how wonderful. I thought I magicked myself to my house, why am I here?” I tried to think whether I conducted the spell correctly.
“Because I diverted the spell” Nia came into the room and looked at me apologetically.
“And why would you do that?” I asked a little more sharply than I intended.
“Because she knew that I would want to know the stupid, idiotic things that you have been up to” Lisa shouted at me.
“At least allow me a change of clothes before you shout at me” I sarcastically muttered and Lisa threw her glass of wine over my head and it collided with the wall behind me.
“What the fuck Lisa!” I growled and flashed her my wolf eyes which made her slowly back away.
Nia appeared next to me holding out a long sleeve dress which I changed into when Eric walked into the room and gazed down at my half naked frame.
“Thank you, Nia” I muttered when I was fully dressed, I then burnt my dress and jacket to ensure there would be no evidence of tonight, not on my clothes at least. 
“Explain to me why you thought it would be appropriate to conduct black magic without consulting me first? You know the rules of the village, if the elders discover what you have done you are going to be exiled” Lisa sighed, running her hand frustratedly through her hair.
“I could not stand the thought that you were in pain, you are like a sister to me” I explained until I realised, I was pleading with my best friend why I resurrected her dead daughter, shouldn’t she be grateful to me?
“You should have told me what you were planning” Lisa screeched at me.
“I knew you would have stopped me” I snapped; I was becoming annoyed with everyone’s damn attitudes.
“I thought we trusted each other” Lisa sadly said, walking towards me.
“We do but you know the sacrifice of dark magic” I ran my hand through my hair and desperately avoided her stare.
“You resurrected three people Nina, that is some serious magic” Lisa whispered like we had a big secret between each other.
Suddenly her back doors opened and Kalos sauntered in looking dark and broody, it irritated me how delicious he looked, how was that fair to the rest of us?
“Ladies and vermin” Kalos purred making Lisa blush furiously and Nia and Eric to snarl.
“On that note, have you finished shouting at me? I would like to go home now” I sarcastically said to Lisa before walking out of her house and brushing past Kalos.
Hitting the cold night air, I knew Lisa was right to panic although I did not regret my choice, but I knew there would be consequences, there always was with dark magic. 

Chapter Four
My body ached of exhaustion, I longed for my bed and a bath. 
Entering my home, I found Grayson sat at my dinner table with his arms folded and feet on my table. 
“Where have you been? You look exhausted” Grayson disapprovingly asked me.
“I have told you before to not intrude in my house when I am not home” I growled to Grayson, I was getting irritated of everyone questioning where I had been and what I had been doing, it was my business not theirs. 
“I used the spare key under your pot out the front, you did not answer my question” Grayson snapped back.
“I am surprised Lisa did not tell you” I sarcastically muttered while getting myself a glass of water.
“She did but I wanted you to tell me, I thought we were…” Grayson began to say but stopped himself and rubbed his face to show his frustration.
“Grayson please leave me alone, I am tired” I turned around to look at him and he gave me a longing stare.
“Grayson don’t” I warned but Grayson was already stood up and walking towards me.
“You could have told me I would have helped” Grayson sighed.
“Why does everyone keep saying that! Neither of you are my protectors, I do not need your help” I snapped. 
“You could have told me” Grayson growled. 

“If Lisa tried the spell it would have killed her, I was the only one with enough power” I changed tactic and tried to plead with him.

“You could have told me, we are a pack, a coven, a family” Grayson was slowly calming down but still on and off growling.

“You would have stopped me” l responded while poking his chest.

“Damn right I would have because I want to protect you that is all I ever want to do” Grayson began pacing up and down my kitchen while still growling to himself.

“I do not need your protection Grayson although I am grateful” l said while walking in my living area to my sofa and sitting down.

“I know you do not need it, but I want to give it to you” Grayson sat next to me and held his head in his hands 

“If you want me to say I regret my choice it will never happen” I said before leaning back into the sofa.

“Do you like him? Is that why you resurrected Kalos?” Grayson growled.

“I am not even going to answer that ridiculous question Grayson; I barely know the man” I muttered looking at Grayson with a sideways stare.

“Don’t you find him a little creepy?” Grayson crossed his legs and looked at me.

“He is over 1000 years old of course he is creepy, but do you really think we should judge him of all people?” I smiled at Grayson who grimaced at me.

“You disagree?” I poked Grayson’s knee playfully, but he grabbed my hand.

“He fascinates you doesn’t he, like Lucas and Rik did?” Grayson said running his thumb over the palm of my hand.

“Don’t go there Grayson” I warned, snatching my hand away. 

“I am just saying these fascinations they never end well, not for you” Grayson tried to sound like he was joking but to me it sounded like he was judging my past and present choices.

“I told you Grayson I do not need your protection and I certainly do not need your permission. Why does it always have to turn into a row with you? For god sakes once can we have a decent conversation where you don’t tell me how all my choices are crap” I stood abruptly up and walked into the kitchen. 

“You know that is not my intention” Grayson grabbed my hand and pulled me to look at him.

“Leave Grayson, I am tired and fed up. I do not need your shit right now” I pointed out the door which after a growl under his breath, Grayson left.

I wished Grayson and I could have a normal relationship which did not revolve around him trying to act like he was my alpha or worse my mate, the problem was his wolf overruled his humanity.

Suddenly I heard a loud growl rip through my front garden.



Chapter Five
Running out of my house I saw Grayson in a defence position with his teeth bared at Kalos who was sneering at Grayson.
“What is going on?” I asked them both, but they were too intent with eyeing each other up to pay attention to me.
“You do not belong here” Grayson snarled menacingly.
“I can go wherever I like; did anyone ever tell you that you smell like a dog and come to think of it you look like one as well” Kalos growled making me roll my eyes.
“Both of you stop behaving like a pair of rutting stags” I snarled as I was annoyed at them both.
“You were supposed to be dead and stay dead” Grayson growled, clearly still ignoring my presence.
“I was but with help I am back; I thought the back bit was kind of obvious or are you dumb as well?” Kalos cast me a smirk and Grayson tore out a huge roar when he realised what Kalos meant.
“You did WHAT!” Grayson rounded on me which made me step backwards when I saw the pure rage in his eyes.
“I thought you knew after what you said in there” I pointed at my house as Grayson began to pull at his hair.
“I thought Lisa was joking” Grayson howled as if he was in pain.
“Eric and Kalos were additions” I said quietly, I did not intend to hurt Grayson by causing him pain.
“How the fuck did that happen?” Grayson gestured over at Kalos who looked menacingly calm.
“Watch your mouth when you speak to her” Kalos protectively warned.
“Grayson, I do not need a lecture” I snapped at Grayson who began to launch himself at me. 
Kalos launched himself towards Grayson just in time before Grayson reached me and threw Grayson against one of my apple trees which nearly uprooted. 
Grayson stood up and launched back at Kalos, pinning him to the floor and began repeatedly punching him.
I began my spell which separated Grayson from Kalos and suspended him in the air just as he began to transform into a wolf, but my spell stopped him.
“This is the second time I have had to do this tonight with you Kalos. Grayson stop please!” I pleaded with Grayson who looked at me with remorse.
“He is a monster” Grayson quietly said but had stopped struggling against my spell.
“I know that, but you are behaving like a monster now” I honestly said and waited for Grayson to nod at me before I let him down.
Grayson walked over to me and grabbed my wrist, pinning me to his body.
“You are coming with me” Grayson commanded as I struggled against his grip.
“No, I am not! “I snapped at him and tried to push him away from me.
“I was not asking, I have higher authority than you, if you do not obey there will be consequences soon. God knows what rules you have already broken” Grayson went to pull me away, but I continued to struggle, suddenly Kalos was there and managed to pull me to him.
Kalos clearly was much stronger than Grayson and I ended up literally whacking into Kalos’s strong frame which made me blush a little.
“She said no” Kalos said in a warning tone to Grayson who growled under his breath.
“Leave Grayson” I commanded to Grayson who stood his ground.
“You heard her dog” Kalos sneered at Grayson who moved towards us.
I walked away from Kalos and towards Grayson until I was between them both and put my hand on Grayson’s chest who looked hopelessly down at it.
“Leave Grayson, we will talk tomorrow” I pleaded to Grayson who finally turned around and walked away but kept turning his head as if he was checking I was still ok.
Finally, when Kalos and I were alone I turned to look at him, up close he was more magnificent and beautiful then I realised when I saw him in the dimension.
“Thank you but you should not have taunted him” I was grateful for Kalos being there but still annoyed that Grayson and Kalos decided to have a pissing contest in my garden.
“He deserved it” Kalos growled.
“Do you want a drink?” I asked Kalos which was an innocent question although given his expression and the way he was looking at me, Kalos thought otherwise.
“Are you offering a coffee or yourself?” Kalos leant out his finger and gently brushed my exposed neck making me blush again.
“Maybe we should call it a night, thanks again” I hurriedly said and literally ran into my house leaving Kalos chuckling to himself in my garden.
After securing myself in my kitchen I turned around and found the garden to be empty which made me feel relieved but also stupidly disappointed, I barely knew the guy, yet I wanted him to tear my clothes off! What was wrong with me? 

Chapter Six
Waking up the next morning I felt groggy and a little sick, inside my stomach it felt like something was churning my insides and I needed to go get fresh air.
Swinging my legs over the side of my bed, I squinted when the sun hit my eyes.
“Good morning gorgeous” I heard a masculine voice say from the entrance of my bedroom.
I jumped when I saw Kalos leaning against the doorframe.
“Why are you here?” I asked slightly ruder than I intended.
“That man who came around here last night, smelled like a dog, remember the growling in the front garden well I thought I would stay around to check he didn’t come around again, plus technically I am homeless” Kalos explained, sipping his drink he had clearly made for himself in my kitchen.
“Where did you get that?” I stood and pointed at his drink.
“Do you not know that you have a contraption called a coffee machine?” Kalos sarcastically asked, sipping his drink again to prove his point. 
“Jerk” I growled before stretching my tired body.
“Are you aware that your tiny top is practically see through in the sunshine?” Kalos sauntered forwards gesturing to my pyjamas.
“Well I did not know that you stayed otherwise I would have worn something more decent, where did you sleep anyway?” I blushed and quickly picked up my lace dressing gown and securing it around my body.
“I used one of your other rooms, for someone who lives on their own you have a lot of space” Kalos accused me.
“What is that supposed to mean?” I asked defensively.
“Isn’t it obvious? You have a big house for one person. I thought you were smart” Kalos sarcastically muttered before walking out my bedroom.
What an ass! How dare he speak to me like that in my house and when he does not even know me? The only thing Kalos has going for him is how gorgeous he is and there is no denying that. 
Walking to my wardrobe, I pulled out a pair of dark jeans and a simple long sleeve V neck top and made my way into the bathroom
Getting into the shower I thought about what happened last night. 
Of course, I remembered last night, how could I not? Grayson has been furious one minute then his normal puppy dog routine the next and even though I detested Kalos I felt safe with him because of his abilities and glad he showed but last night.
But I was nervous about how Kalos made me feel, on the four interactions we have had he has made me feel heat in places I had not felt in a long time and I needed to stop my body and remind myself what Kalos is capable of.
Getting out of the shower, I wrapped a towel around my body and went back into the bedroom.
“Want a coffee and eggs?” Kalos asked, causing me to grip the towel tighter especially when he gazed at my body.
“What?” I asked a little puzzled.
“Do you want coffee and scrambled eggs?” Kalos asked slowly as if he thought I was slow.
“I heard you the first time” I snapped and pushed pass him.
“Then answer” Kalos growled frustratedly.
“Yes” I snapped when Kalos gripped my elbow nearly making me drop the towel.
“What?” I angrily growled.
“Quit your tone, do you want milk or sugar?” Kalos snarled, clearly, I was annoying him with my attitude, and I grinned which Kalos noticed. 
“I will get my own, have you not realised I am in a towel for god sakes?” I pulled my arm away and nearly fell over in the process, I was still feeling sick, luckily Kalos gripped my waist to stop me from falling.
“Are you ok?” Kalos asked and looked at me like he was trying to figure a complicated puzzle out.
I did not answer, the heat that was souring around my body was distracting my train of thought.
“Are your eyes normally that colour?” Kalos asked curiously.
“They are blue” I answered a little defensively.
“Not today, they are purple” Kalos growled before he put his hand just below my bare ass at the top of my legs.
“What the hell are you doing” I snapped and slapped his hand away.
“Are you feeling sick?” Kalos asked curiously.
“Right now, yes because I am this close to a monster, now let me go” I growled and Kalos removed his arms from my waist. 
“It is the dark magic you absorbed” Kalos muttered, sitting down on my bed.
I went to my dressing table and sat down before taking out my hair dryer and began drying my hair, blocking out Kalos.
I knew he was right, dark magic came with consequences and I know mine would be here with me soon, if they weren’t here already.
Looking in my mirror I caught Kalos’s piercing stare, he was a monster and you could tell how he lured his pray in. Everything about him lured you like you were a fish and he was catching you on a rod reeling you in until he devoured you completely.
Turning off the hairdryer I put my hair in a bun and put on my heart locked before walking over to where my clothes were which were situated next to Kalos.
“I can help with what you are feeling, I am sure you know I have a lot of experience with dark magic” Kalos offered and touched my wrist.
“I do not need your help or ever want it. Thank you for staying but I would like you to leave now” I firmly said while staring defiantly at Kalos.
“Trust me, you are going to need it” Kalos confidently said before walking out of my bedroom and slamming the door hard.
Christ he was a narcissist and a jerk! 
Throwing on my clothes while I was putting on my underwear, I noticed how wet he made me feel between my legs. 
It had been a long time since anyone had made me feel this way and I longed for a release, but I was not going to give in to the desire my body clearly felt for him, my brain was currently much stronger than my body.
Going downstairs I noticed a plate with foil over the top and when I looked, he had made me scrambled eggs on toast which I aggressively binned. I fancied breakfast out of the house today not in and hopefully that would make me feel better.
Grabbing my light jacket and putting on my ankle boots, I left my house to be greeted by a beautiful sunny day. 
However, as I walked into the village centre, I heard two male voices who sounded like they were arguing.
“You do not belong here!” One shouted.
“Neither do you really, do you dog?” the other one retaliated.
After hearing the nickname, I realised who was arguing, it was Kalos and Grayson.
Walking faster, I found Grayson and Kalos almost nose to nose having an obvious stand-off.
“You are a mistake, you will leave this village, my village” Grayson threatened but Kalos simply smirked at him.
“Do you usually go around attempting to hump everything even when the lady says no?” Kalos menacingly asked making Grayson falter a little.
“You do not know anything” Grayson said through gripped teeth.
“I will go where I like; I will be staying in this village: why don’t you go and find a lamp-post to urinate on” Kalos went to walk away but Grayson grabbed his arm.
“Take your hand off me dog” Kalos snarled.
“Or what?” Grayson challenged.
Realising this could escalate further I went over and positioned myself between them both.
“Grayson please back off” I pleaded to Grayson and placed my hand where he was gripping Kalos’s arm.
“Why do you keep protecting this abomination?” Grayson spat at me.
“Grayson I am telling you to back away, this is not a fight that is worth it” I warned Grayson and he reluctantly let go of Kalos.
“He is not staying here” Grayson growled down at me.
“That is not your choice” Kalos growled from behind me.
“Grayson let it go” I pleaded but that seemed to make Grayson more furious as he growled under his breath.
“This is not over” Grayson said to both of us before storming off.
When Grayson had completely walked off, I turned around and faced Kalos.
“Why did you have to start again? Is there anyone that you do not piss off in this world?” I asked Kalos.
“He came up to me, stupid dog” Kalos snarled before going to turn away but I grabbed his elbow stopping him.
“Fancy a coffee? I am starving” I suggested and gestured to the diner.
“I made you eggs” Kalos sounded annoyed and raised his eyebrows at me.
“You irritated me therefore I threw them away” I explained.
“How rude” Kalos muttered before making his way to the diner with me in tow.
Entering the diner Kalos chose a booth at the far end which was quiet.
“Hi, can I have an extra-large pot of coffee for two, one pot of milk, one pot of sugar and two bacon and egg muffins please” I placed my order with Anita who was the owner of the diner.
“Now that handsome devil must be Kalos, he is hunky, just as Lisa described” Anita said as she made our order.
“Do not let him hear that his ego is bigger than America” I sarcastically muttered.
“I am sure that is not the only big thing about him” Anita suggested before giggling. 
“You are terrible” I gave her my money and took the coffee to the booth.
“Coffee” I placed in front of Kalos who was smirking at me.
“What?” I snapped.
“Call me big, Mr Big” He let out a barky laugh which sent shivers down my back and straight between my legs making me cross my legs cautiously.
“You are hilarious” I sarcastically muttered as Kalos poured our drinks.
“I know my ego is bigger than America” Kalos growled which made me smile victoriously.
“Your muffins, my name is Anita and I am single” Anita flirted with Kalos and almost shoved her breasts in his face making me feel jealous and then annoyed at myself for the fact I was jealous.
“Well it is a pleasure gorgeous” Kalos took Anita’s hand and kissed it.
Anita suddenly grabbed a chair and sat close to Kalos who was clearly loving the attention.
“Don’t you have customers to serve?” I frustratedly asked Anita.
“Not at the moment, so Kalos tell me about you” Anita leant into Kalos who looked at me curiously before leaning towards Anita.
“What do you want to know gorgeous?” Kalos flirted and suddenly I felt sick to my stomach.
“I know your reputation of course but tell me what you like if you know what I mean” Anita suggested, she was asking whether Kalos would like her sexually, it was painfully obvious by the way she was pushing her breasts out to display her assets.
I did not want to watch this anymore, tossing my coffee down my throat, I wrapped the muffin in a napkin and went to leave.
“I will see you both later” I said before storming out the diner without looking back.
I was not quite sure why I was acting jealous over a man I barely knew but Kalos had ignited something in me that had been dormant for some time and now it was like a volcanic eruption.
Sitting on the town bench I unwrapped my muffin and took a bite, I felt sorry for myself and a little foolish.
“I wondered where you went to” Kalos sat down next to me and leant his arm on the back of the bench.
I did not respond instead I chose to munch on my muffin, ignoring Kalos and how he made me feel. 
“Anita seemed nice, fantastic cleavage. Hey where are you off to?” Kalos said as I went to get up.
“Quit following me!” I angrily said and threw my muffin in the bin and went to walk off.
“Fine but my offer still stands. This is my number; Lisa gave me a phone. You are going to need my help whether you like it or not and when the time comes call me” Kalos handed me his number and watched me as I entered it into my mobile.

Chapter Seven
Later that day, I made it home without any further drama or any arguments but then I stopped in my tracks and I remembered the conversation with Kalos earlier and something he had said. 
Why had Lisa given Kalos a mobile phone? Was he living with her? And why am I caring if he is living with her?
I wanted to check what Kalos had said about my eyes this morning as Grayson had also looked at me suspiciously.
Looking in the mirror I could see my usual reflection, but I noticed there as something different about my eyes. Looking closer I could see they were dark; pitch black; sinister: and creepy. 
Frantically running over to the basement door my fingers rapidly typed in the code in the keypad which opened the door accessing my dark basement room. 
I knew which book I had to look for, it was one of those books that I had absorbed from the vault, I had transported all the books to the basement to give me time to semi restore them and to ensure that the elders did not notice that the books had been tampered with. 
The book I needed was the Book of the Damned. The darkest book that ever existed on this planet but one that I was able to wield its power when no one else could. 
Using my magic, I was instantly taken to the page that I required which told of the repercussions of accessing the dimension through the portal of dark magic. 
Hallucinations; extra powers; darkening of the soul; black eyes: and insomnia. All these I had experienced since I went to the dimension. 
I began frantically searching in the book for a solution, but there was simply an array of archaic cryptic nonsense that was total bollocks and no use at all. 
Picking up the book I threw it against the wall in a frustrated rage, it’s ironic how a book had all the answers I needed the other day, now was completely useless. 
I would not be able to go to Lisa or Grayson with my problems, I knew Lisa was grateful for the resurrection of her daughter, but she completely disagreed with my methods whereas Grayson was reeling from the fact I brought Kalos into our village and lives. 
I had never witnessed someone despise another like I did with Grayson and Kalos, I found Grayson a complexing creature although I knew that the way Grayson behaved towards Kalos was partly my fault. 
I knew that I could seek Kalos’s help after all he had offered it and he had been around for as long as I have and has seen many different types of magic over his lifetime. 
Taking out my mobile I hovered over Kalos’s number and debated calling him. 
I knew he could help me or at least guide me to something that could help me before I lost my marbles or worse my soul. 
Pressing the call button, the phone rang a few times before he picked up.
“Kalos” He greeted in his usual masculine tone.
“It’s Nina I was wondering If I could ask you for…” But I was not sure what the appropriate word would be.
“My services?” Kalos asked which to me sounded suggestive.
“Sort of well yes” I admitted even though this conversation suddenly felt dirty and wrong although I felt a familiar arousal in my groin. 
“Are you free now?” Kalos asked.
“Yes” I breathed through the phone knowing I was not free as I looked like a mess and was wearing a shirt with just pants and no bra, but I could not be bothered to change.
“Be there in five, Lisa see you in a few hours” He shouted obviously to Lisa in the background which made me hang up instantly.
“He is living with Lisa?” I whispered to myself while running my hand through my messy hair, I knew she had given him a mobile but had no idea she would agree for him to live with her. What else was Lisa hiding from me and were they now a thing? And why would that even matter to me?
I felt jealous, an emotion I had not experienced in a while, why was I feeling jealous about someone who I have literally just met and is a complete an utter murdering psychopath?
Suddenly there was a knock on the door which disturbed my thoughts and made me jump. 
Hovering near the door I was reluctant to answer but then if I did not answer after asking Kalos specifically to come over he would find that highly suspicious and he is also the kind of man that would not let it go. I did not want him having power over me.
Opening the door, I was greeted by Kalos’s delectable appearance, he was dressed in a dark blue tight V neck long sleeved top which literally moulded to his painfully perfect muscles and a pair of skinny grey chinos which also fitted perfectly. He looked delicious. 
“Dressed for guests I see” Kalos sarcastically muttered, gesturing to my casual clothing.
Growling to myself I stepped aside to let Kalos passed but he deliberately brushed against me leaving goose bumps where his touch grazed me.
Why did he have such an effect on me?
“What is the problem then?” Kalos asked, I could see his eyes were gazing at the books strewn over the floor from when I threw them against the wall.
“I don’t think I will be needing your help, circumstances have changed” I snarled, jealous and suspicious of the fact that he was living with Lisa. 
“Bull shit” Kalos sauntered towards me and closed the gap between us, putting his finger under my chin to lift my eyes to meet his.
“You look like hell” Kalos noticed, narrowing his eyes. 
“Christ sakes if I wanted to be criticized, I would have asked someone else” I growled and slapped his hand away.
As I went to walk away Kalos grabbed my wrist and pulled me close to him. Moving his hands under my shirt, I felt his fingers caress my bare belly under my shirt.
“What the hell do you think you are doing?” I snapped and went to pull away but Kalos tightened his grip on my wrists. 
“You are having difficulty focussing the dark magic you absorbed. You need to concentrate and channel the magic you absorbed into your senses. Allow it to settle inside of you as until you do the conflict you feel inside will continue. I can help you channel but you have to trust me and allow your senses to trust me to” Kalos explained, piercing me with his hypnotic eyes.
That is the problem, I do not trust you” I growled.
“Then why invite me here?” Kalos asked angrily.
“You offered to help” I quietly said.
“Yes, I did therefore quit having an attitude” Kalos warned me, looking down at my lips.
“What would you suggest?” I asked Kalos, still annoyed with him.
“You need to open your senses and allow your senses to ground the dark magic cascading through your veins” Kalos ran his finger casually over my bare neck.
Kalos certainly awoke my senses but they were the wrong ones, I think he could tell how he made me feel.
“I am not sleeping with you Kalos” I defensively said even though deep down I wanted to be with him.
“I never suggested that but clearly you thought it although I am game if you are” Kalos smirked down at me as he continued to slowly caress my bare skin on my stomach which began to open my senses and to calm the dark magic that had been simmering since yesterday.
“You have to concentrate and allow yourself to only feel your senses, let them power you not the magic” Kalos whispered in my ear, giving me goose bumps.
I knew Kalos’s method was working however annoyingly I was now growing increasingly horny, which was just as dangerous as the dark magic. 
Pulling away from Kalos, I walked backwards and leant against the wall where I tilted my head, closing my eyes and trying to calm the sexual desire that was erupting inside of me. 
However, I soon realised closing my eyes was a bad mistake, the dark magic began bubbling up to the surface and my head seared with pain as if it was going to explode. 
I held my head in my hands as I desperately tried to calm my senses, I could hear someone shouting but I could not register what they were saying. 
Suddenly I felt lips against mine which instantly awoke my senses, overpowering the dark magic and allowing me to regain control and open my eyes.
Opening my eyes, I found Kalos was kissing me with intensity and hunger, he was right senses had broken the dark magic.
“You are back” Kalos huskily whispered against my lips, stroking his thumb delicately over my parted lips.
“Thank you” I replied looking at his lips that I wanted to devour, his taste was better than I imagined it would be. 
“You need to keep your senses alive or awake at least for the next few hours. Once the 24 hours have passed the dark magic will settle and become part of you” Kalos explained while moving a stray piece of hair behind my ear.
“How do you suggest I do that for the next few hours?” I asked more suggestively than I had intended.
“Currently I am not the best person to ask” Kalos licked his lips and smirked down at me.
“I am still not sleeping with you” I repeated defiantly although we both knew it was inevitable, not tonight but one day, I could feel the electricity in the air between us.
Kalos smiled innocently walking away from me and sitting on my sofa.
“What do you suggest we do for the next few hours?” Kalos asked before placing his feet on my coffee table.
“You could let me use you as a punch bag, that would open a few senses” I sarcastically said before laughing to myself and sitting next to him.
Ignoring my comment, Kalos picked up the remote and flicked through the channels until he found a romance movie.
“A strong sense for you” Kalos sarcastically said before grabbing my bare legs and placing them on his lap.
“Now what the hell do you think you are doing?” I asked angrily, attempting to snatch away my legs but Kalos held them tightly.
“Concentrate on the movie and I will work on your senses. Now relax miss uptight, I am not currently going to take advantage of you, not yet at least” Kalos smirked at me before he began caressing my bare leg and foot.
“Kalos, this is a bad idea” I whispered as the desire for him heightened again, he was a bad man and I knew if he stayed, I would end up constantly craving him.
“Remember you asked me for my help, I was actually planning to have supper then a jog then a movie with my new roommates or shall I say hell mates? Anyway, now I am here” Kalos snarled at me.
Snatching my feet away I quickly stood up, I was offended by his response.
“Sorry I tore you away from Lisa, you did not have to come. Why don’t you fuck off back to her, I asked you for your help because earlier you offered it” I screamed at him which actually make me feel better.
“Watch your tone” Kalos threatened with a thunderous expression.
“Or what Kalos? You are going to do what?” I challenged Kalos whose fists were now balled.
Suddenly he had me pinned face forward against the wall with my arms in his grasp behind me.
“I am flattered you are jealous of Lisa even though she offered because she takes in all murderous strays like you and me. Remember we are cut from the same cloth. If you also think I do not notice how you and your body react to me, you are dumber than I give you credit for. Don’t you dare speak to me in that way you got it?” Kalos growled menacingly in my ear.
“Go to hell asshole” I defiantly snarled.
Kalos chuckled in my ear before running his hand across my ass making me almost whimper out loud but I bit my lip just in time. 
“Want to rethink what you said?” Kalos threatened in my ear.
“Go to hell asshole” I defiantly repeated, getting turned on more every second.
After caressing my ass a few times, he spanked me making me groan. I was growing increasingly wet for him, but I was also growing furious by the minute.
He had loosened his grip on my hand when he spanked me allowing me access to my fingertips and I blasted him across the room onto his back.
Moving quickly, I straddled him and pinned him to the floor.
“Don’t ever do that to me again got it?” I leant down and whispered in his ear making him smirk at me.
Thrusting his hips upward he made me groan when I felt his hard cock straining in his chinos.
“My darling I have not felt this alive in thousands of years” Kalos growled making me quickly jump up before I did anything stupid.
“I am grateful for your advice and help but you can leave now” I snapped, trying to look anyway but him.
“Have you got a book called the Ancient Craft Book?” Kalos stood up and asked.
“Why?” I asked running my hand through my hair, annoyed by the rapid change of subject and the fact that Kalos had not made a move to leave.
“Read about senses, you have two hours to settle yourself before the dark magic claims your soul” Kalos walked to the pile of books scattered on the floor, picking up the Ancient Craft book.
Kalos flicked through the book until he found the page he was looking for.
“Senses can be used to channel and ground many levels of dark magic absorbing spells within 24 hours” Kalos gestured for me to read the text he had briefly read out, but I did not.
“I know but this…us…” I said gesturing between the both of us, I did not know what I wanted to say but I knew that if we did anything more that we this would be bad for a lot of people.
Kalos’s phone began to ring, interrupting our heated conversation. 
Kalos turned away as he took out his mobile and answered the call.
“Hi Lisa, I will be back tomorrow just dealing with something, ok see you tomorrow” Kalos quickly hung up the phone.
Walking over to my sofa, I plopped myself laid out on the sofa and began to feel sorry for myself, of course it was Lisa who else would it be? 
“Not jealous, again are you?” Kalos mocked me which did not help how I was feeling.
Turning on my side to ignore Kalos, I did not care that my shirt had ridden up exposing my ass to Kalos.
“You look very delectable” Kalos sarcastically said which made me growl.
Chuckling to himself, Kalos sidled up behind me and had his arms around my waist, pulling me against his hard body.
“Kalos….” I warned even though I wanted him to move his hands all over my body and caress me.
“Relax, remember your senses” Kalos whispered into my ear while caressing my bare legs.
Unfortunately for us all the wrong senses were currently controlling my body, I wanted to taste Kalos again.
Turning around I leant on my side facing Kalos, looking at his lips, I bit mine thinking about all the things I wanted to do to Kalos’s lips. 
Leaning in I kissed Kalos on the lips, but he was frozen in place like a statue.
“I’m confused” I whispered blushing with embarrassment, looking away from Kalos. 
“I am never a one time, and neither are you, I may joke and flirt, but I am traditional in certain ways” Kalos warned me, tucking a loose strand of hair behind my ear.
“Semantics, try and go with the times” I muttered before leaning in again but Kalos pushed me back gently.
“No Nina” Kalos snarled warningly.
“Fuck…” But I did not finish my sentence as Kalos had pinned me underneath him.
“You need to watch that mouth of yours” Kalos menacingly snarled.
“And you cannot fuck around with my senses. One minute you are kissing me then it is no Nina, let’s stop Nina, go away Nina. What is it you want?” I snarled back, offended.
Kalos gripped my thighs as a warning although that was never going to stop me.
“Talk about mixed messages and signals. You kiss me; spank me: and show me your hard. Then when I kiss you, nothing. You are a cold, heartless piece of shit and I get the fact that I disgust you” I growled at him, pushing him away.
Grabbing my body until I was underneath him Kalos opened my legs and began to forcefully grind against me.
“I want you, damn it since we met, I have craved you. Why do you think we keep seeing each other everywhere? There are no such things as coincidences not when I am involved. We will eventually be together but not yet. Another thing is that this whole village smells of you, Lisa’s house smells of you but I am not a one-time deal and traditional, if we went any further today then there could be trouble, I know you understand that. Once I have something there is no going back, you are mine. We barely know each other, I have behaved out of character tonight, but you are hardly innocent, look how you make me feel” Kalos growled still grinding against me, causing me to whimper.
“We should probably stop then” I moaned as the desire began to reach breaking point.
“Agreed” Kalos kissed my neck and then stopped grinding, moving his body off mine Kalos stood up and ran his hand through his hair.
“I still think you are an asshole” I smiled at Kalos which made him laugh.
“And I think you are stuck up, aren’t we both lucky?” Kalos ran his hand through his hair and smirked at me.
I held onto my forehead as my head, I felt like it was going to burst as the dark magic began to cascade through my veins however I felt Kalos’s hand on my neck which eased the pressure.
Leaning my head back I closed my eyes and allowed myself to relax into Kalos’s touch, unfortunately I relaxed too much and I almost let out a moan.
“How does that feel?” Kalos whispered and I realised just how close he was as his breath tickled my neck.
“Kalos…” I began to say when Kalos placed his hand against my bare knee.
“Don’t do that” Kalos growled.
“What?” I breathed still with my eyes closed.
“Say my name like that” Kalos removed his hands and my eyes shot open because I had been enjoying the experience. 
“Why did you stop?” I asked as Kalos quickly stood up.
“You were right earlier I should go” Kalos ran his hand through his hair and looked torn between running away from me and leaping on me.
“It would be a good idea for you to leave” I admitted although honestly, I wanted option number two.
“Keep your senses open, use your imagination” Kalos gave me a little smirk before he swiftly exited my house like a bat.
I didn’t know how I was going to get through the night, but I knew what his comment meant, clearly the senses I needed to use were the sexual ones and I had just the tool to complete the task in my underwear drawer.
Walking into my bedroom I forgot that I had not made the bed in the morning, but I did not care, the pain in my head was beginning to return and I needed to stabilise my senses before the darkness began to corrode me.
Opening my underwear drawer, I took out my vibrator and shimmied out of my shirt and underwear before opening my legs and turning on the vibrator, if there was anyone who understood my body it was me. 
I closed my eyes and thought of Kalos and how he felt touching my body and how his skin felt touching my body, it was not long until my orgasm began to crash around me.
“Kalos” I moaned as the orgasm slowed until I was slowly spasming on my bed.
Turning off my vibrator I curled up and soon, sleep found me.

Chapter Eight
I awoke the next morning to a thundering knock on my door, chucking on my sweatshirt before I ran quickly downstairs and opened the door.
Kalos was stood at my door looking frazzled but gorgeous, storming passed me into my house Kalos punched the door, but I was not sure why.
“Lisa told me…” Kalos began to say.
Turning around I was furious and angry; my senses were still on edge from last night and what exactly had Lisa told him?
“What did my best friend tell you then Kalos?” I poked Kalos in his chest, but he stopped me by tightly gripping my wrist, looking surprised at my reaction. 
“Stop” Kalos warned, gripping my wrist tightly.
“Tell me!” I shouted in his face and saw his eyes travel to my lips making me lick them nervously.
“She had a vision about your dark magic and wanted me to come and check on you” Kalos hesitantly said.
“I thought….” I began to say, looking away from Kalos’s piercing stare.
“What?” Kalos growled harshly.
“I thought you were coming to say she told you about me” I quietly said.
“She has” Kalos snapped.
“She has what?” I growled just as harshly.
“About your past, your ex and….” Kalos growled, running his hand over the stubble over his chin.
“Of course, she did!!” I screamed as a tear fell out the corner of my eye, I was hurt by Lisa’s betrayal.
“Why exactly does it matter?” Kalos growled with a frustrated tone.
“Because….” I began to say and leant back against the wall.
Kalos closed the gap between us and placed both of our hands by the side of my head.
“What?” Kalos growled clearly, he was still annoyed at me.
“It is my story not hers to share, we are supposed to be friends, best friends. I do not expect someone like you to understand” I explained and Kalos’s eyebrows rose.
“Someone like me?” Kalos snarled.
“I know you had someone once but that was thousands of years ago, you’ve been alone since” I explained after realising my first comment sounded rude.
“Not anymore” Kalos looked down at my lips again which made me lick them again.
“I wanted to tell you eventually” I whispered honestly.
“Do not blame Lisa, I was curious about you” Kalos leant closer making me almost whimper. 
“Tell me about yourself” Kalos huskily breathed against my lips.
“Kiss me first” I breathed and leant up towards Kalos. 
Kalos ran his thumb against the bottom of my lip and I gently bit on his thumb. 
“We shouldn’t” Kalos growled.
“That does not mean we don’t” I playfully bit my lip making Kalos look away.
“I am telling you that we cannot, you do not really want this remember yesterday” Kalos went to lean away but I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him towards me.
I leant up and kissed him even though Kalos was like stone which made me stop and look confused up at him.
“I thought you said last night…” I began to say but Kalos put his finger on my lips.
“I meant what I said but I have to go, I did what I was asked and checked you were ok and you are” Kalos walked away and then almost ran out my door leaving me leant against the wall embarrassed and frustrated. 
Looking at my watch I realised that I had to get ready for work because I could not miss another day and ran upstairs to get changed.

Chapter Nine
Walking towards the entrance of my workplace, I found Kalos leant up against the doorway looking his usual godlike self.

“Did you follow me here?” I asked Kalos incredulously.

Kalos raised his eyebrows at me, ignoring my question and ran his hand through his immaculate hair.

“If you do not answer I am simply going to have to guess” I sarcastically muttered more to myself than him.

“If you must know I have come to apologize for my behavior earlier this morning” Kalos growled as if he was warning me to behave.

“I already think you are an ass therefore no apology necessary” I said with enough sass to burn down the building.

Opening up the door I was pleased to find the museum in the same state that I had left it a few nights ago before this entire debacle began.

“Seriously though did you follow me here?” I asked Kalos who had his back to me.

Instead of answering me Kalos walked over to the artefact cabinet, opened the cabinet with his magic and casually picked up an ancient druid book which he then began flicking through and shaking his head.

Briskly walking over, I snatched the book from his hands and carefully placed back in its cradle in the cabinet, closing the cabinet which I then locked.

“Do you mind?!” I asked him, annoyed that he strolled in and took the book, I went back to my desk and crossing my legs before exposing slightly too much legs.

“Grayson this morning came to Lisa’s and threatened me about you” Kalos said when made me roll my eyes.

“Don't start with Grayson, he has a lot of connections in the village” I growled before running my hand though my hair. 

“If it causes you trouble me being here, I could leave” Kalos came closer to the desk and leaned over displaying his muscles as his shirt rode up. 

“I'd rather be able to monitor you” I looked down as I could not look into his piercing eyes.

“Come with me, we could bond on a road trip and I heard you like New Orleans this time of year” Kalos smirked at me blushing.

“Hilarious” I sarcastically muttered which made him laugh.

I allowed Kalos to laugh for a minute as I was enjoying the sound of his laugh.

“Something funny?” I asked with raised eyebrows.

"I love your sarcasm although back in the day I would have put you over my knee for that tone” Kalos threatened, walking around the desk to sit next to me.

“I'd love to see you try” l threatened back, moving my hair into a ponytail.

“Don't challenge me if you have no intention of seeing it through” He warned, leaning forward looking at my lips. 

The door of the museum opened which made the bell above the door ring snapping Kalos and me out of our casual flirtation which was good as flirtation only leads to danger especially when it involves myself.

Looking up at who had entered I saw that Lisa had walked in. She was dressed in a beautiful blue summers dress and holding a traditional basket of flowers, whatever Lisa wore she always looked beautiful.

“Hi” She smiled radiantly at us both.

“Lisa a pleasure as always” Kalos quickly leant away from me, stood up and walked around the desk to greet Lisa and kissed her on the cheek.

“Always the gentlemen but secretly the beast” Lisa smiled up at Kalos who gave her a radiant smile back.

There was a pang of jealously resurfacing inside of me but why was I feeling jealous? It is not like Kalos was mine although secretly I wanted him to be.

“What brings you over here?” I asked Lisa slightly ruder than l was anticipating.

“I brought flowers your workplace, I thought they would brighten up your workplace. Also, I wanted to apologize for how I reacted to the fact that you brought Nia back for you, I was ungrateful, and I was sorry” Lisa said, looking upset by my rude tone.

“Lisa they are beautiful flowers, I am sure Nina wants to say thank you” Kalos reassured Lisa and shot me warning look which made me roll my eyes.

“I will leave the flowers here, sorry to disturb” Lisa gently placed the flowers on the desk and went to leave but Kalos gently grabbed her arm, stopping her.

“Lisa stay for a drink” Kalos led her over to the table and chairs opposite the desk making me feel even more jealous, it was clear to me that they had slept together I felt ugly and worthless in comparison to beautiful Lisa. 

“I do not want to disturb” Lisa quietly said, cautiously looking over at me.

“There is nothing to disturb, trust me” Kalos growled, hurting me in the process. 

I knew that we had not discussed our connection, but did he have to be as cruel as he was.

“I will leave you both together” l grumbled, standing up abruptly and swiftly walked through the back door to the library.

Slamming the door behind me I flopped myself on the sofa and threw my hands on my face.

How could I be stupid? To develop feelings for Kalos when I knew what he was capable of and to be harsh towards Lisa.

Closing my eyes, I tried to keep my thoughts calm and not to think of Lisa and Kalos although the lurid thoughts of them together intimately began playing in my mind.

Suddenly the door was thrown open, bashing it against the wall. I did not open my eyes, but I knew Kalos must have entered the room as Lisa would never have used such force.

“What the hell is wrong with you?” Kalos snarled from over me.

I didn't answer, the lurid thoughts of Kalos and Lisa were still playing in my mind and I was still furious with myself for becoming jealous in the first place.

“Are you jealous of Lisa? I thought I made it obvious last night I have no intimate feelings towards Lisa. What are you a child?” Kalos growled, starting to pace across the room.

“You know what fuck you” I stood quickly up, pushed pass Kalos and went to briskly walk at the room.

Suddenly Kalos pushed me face forward against the library door and held my arms against my body and pushing his hard body against mine, pinning me in place.

“Get off of me” I snarled as I tried to wriggle from his grip.

“Stay still and listen with your ears rather than your imagination” Kalos growled and loosened his grip on me arms allowing me to turn around.

Pouting, I looked up at his furious expression which made him look dangerously sexy.

“Why are you jealous?” Kalos whispered against my lips while he had his arms next to my body encasing me in.

“I'm not jealous” I growled defiantly as Kalos leant in closer until our lips were almost touching.

“Lisa is wonderful, but we are friends, you have nothing to worry about. Trust me when I say there is only one person I crave” Kalos whispered into my ear, stroking my bare neck with his finger.

Kalos placed a delicate kiss against my neck causing me to bite my lip to stop myself from moaning.

Leaning away from my neck, Kalos looked down at my lips for a moment as if he was going to kiss me. 

Moving away from me Kalos walked over to the sofa where he sat down, splaying his arms and legs, he looked delicious and tempting.

“You need to apologize to Lisa” Kalos growled as if he was frustrated.

“She will be fine” I snapped back plumping myself next to him riding up my skirt slightly too high.

Kalos looked down at my exposed skin and then rubbed his hair on his chin where he had not shaved since I had resurrected him.

“Apologize, Christ you are a stubborn woman” Kalos said moving his arm behind my neck.

Turning my head, I looked at Kalos who was gazing down at my open reading book.

“Are you coming to the town event?” I asked Kalos who was leaning down to pick up the book.

“Will you act like you did just now?” Kalos looked at me and raising his eyebrows at me.

“Seriously?” I snarled and bent my neck back in frustration.

“You like me then? You had to be to be jealous” Kalos sounded joyful and almost victorious.

“How do you not know I am not jealous and there is something else making me act this way?” I responded and looked at Kalos who was smirking at me.

Kalos ran his finger over my right shoulder causing me to shiver at his touch.

“Must be something else” Kalos huskily said before quickly standing up.

“Do you want to leave the village?” I asked still anxious about her earlier conversation.

Kalos did not answer immediately, it was as if he was being careful how to word his answer.

“I will see you later” Kalos simply responded before walking out of the library leaving me slightly disappointed but mainly frustrated and confused.

Chapter Ten
Knocking on Lisa’s door, I knew I must apologise for how I behaved, it was out of character of me and she was my best friend after all.

To be honest most of my behaviour since I had absorbed the books had been out of character for me, but I presumed it was because I had done a lot of magic and that changes a person.

Lisa opened her door and I half expected her to slap me or scream or cry of something but instead she launched herself at me and gave me a choking cuddle.

“So great to see you!” Lisa squealed as if we had not seen each other for weeks.

“I came to apologise” I said hesitantly as I was highly suspicious of Lisa’s behaviour.

“No need my darling, no need, come in and have a drink” Lisa practically dragged me into her living area and proceeded to open a bottle of my favourite wine which only heightened my suspicions. 

“Lisa what is going on?” I asked Lisa as I hesitantly sat down on the chair and sipped the wine.

“I do have a favour to ask of you and I want you to remember how much that you love me and that I bought you your favourite wine” Lisa rambled fast that I could hardly keep up.

“What are you talking about?” I asked a little harshly.

“Why don’t you have another sip first?” Lisa nervously said.

“Lisa” I warned, I just wanted her to spit it out rather than go around the bloody marble bush.

“I would like you to allow Kalos to live with you” Lisa said hurriedly.

“What?” I coughed at the shock of the request. 

"He cannot stay with me anymore as Eric certainly will not allow it and Nia is terrified of him.  You have that house all by yourself, wouldn't it be nice to have company?" Lisa batted her long eyelashes at me causing me to roll my eyes.

Looking out the window I watched as Kalos paced up and down my pathway, did I really want a monster living with me? But then did I want a monster living unsupervised out there.

"Fine" I grumbled and suddenly had Lisa hugging me in delight.

"Seriously he is not as bad as he looks, he fixed my porch swing" Lisa knocked on the window and gestured Kalos inside.

"What a gentleman, doesn’t matter the fact he has slaughtered thousands as long as your swing is working" I sarcastically muttered.

"Ladies" Kalos smirked down at me making himself look mischievous.

"You can stay with me but there are rules" I frustratingly said.

"Of course, there are" Kalos smirk grew even wider as he perched himself on Lisa’s dining table.

“I will tell you the rules later, before that I am going to finish my bribery wine” I grumbled, making Kalos laugh at me.

“Tense still I see; this is going to be fun” Kalos grinned mischievously when he caught my eye causing me to blush.

“Stop that” I whispered as Lisa left the room.

“Why? You enjoy it, I can sense how you feel, I am a predator remember” Kalos whispered, cascading his breath down my neck.

“I do not mean to be rude Kalos, but Eric and Nia will be back any moment” Lisa re-entered the room and smiled apologetically at Kalos who swiftly stood up and kissed Lisa on the cheek.

“Can I take the bottle of wine?” I asked Lisa who laughed and nodded at me.

Kalos held open the door for me and we quickly left Lisa’s house.

“One day you will tell me exactly what you did to Nia and Eric” I looked at Kalos who grimaced at me.

“That is the past” Kalos snapped.

“The past shapes all of us, surely you of all people should understand that” I was annoyed at Kalos, he wanted me to open but would not do me the same courtesy. 

Kalos did not respond to my comment and we continued the walk to my home in silence. 

When we got to my home, I opened the front door and let Kalos enter before slamming the front door behind me.

"No killing in the house; no blood on the carpets: and no voodoo crap" I almost laughed at Kalos's shocked expression clearly, he did not expect those rules.

"I thought you were going to say don't touch this or don't go near that, but your rules are no killing or blood?" Kalos let out a barky laugh which made me roll my eyes.

Kalos and me were stood for a moment staring at each other, I genuinely did not know what to say to him.

"Do you want any money for me residing here?" Kalos enquired.

"Of course not, let me show you to your room" I was quite offended by the question, I did not agree for him to live with me for profit.

Walking towards my staircase, I was very aware that Kalos was close behind me. Regardless of his past deeds, he was a beautiful and magnificent creature, even I could not deny that, and the thought made me uneasy.

"How long have you lived here?" Kalos asked making me jump.

"About eighteen years" I answered while my nerves tried to calm down.

"How often do you move on?" Kalos asked again.

"Every thirty or forty years, how about yourself?" I turned around when we got to the first platform that segregated the stairs.

"Before I died? Every twenty years but I mainly lived in woodlands away from humanity" Kalos overtook me and started walking up the last flight of stairs.

"Interesting" I answered before following Kalos however he abruptly turned around at my short response.

"The humanity parts?" Kalos asked leaning against the bannister.

"You clearly have a distaste for them" I surmised from his humanity comment.

"One day maybe I will explain why, trust me they do not deserve our time or respect" Kalos snarled before continuing his walk up the stairs.

When we arrived on the landing I pointed to the door in the corner of the hallway.

"This is the room I think would suit you" I opened the door to the room, which was the second largest bedroom of the house, mine of course was the master.

The bedroom had a large window overlooking my gardens and woodlands with a window seat which was large enough to lie in; the bed was a four poster with brown silk bedding; there was a large TV on the wall; a DAB radio; large closet; two swivel loveseats; full bookshelf; the en suite had a rainforest shower and a separate jacuzzi corner bath: and the whole bedroom was fully stocked for guests.

"Thank you" Kalos walked in and ran his hand over the silk bedsheets which gave me goose bumps.

"There are plenty of accessories such as towels, shampoo, shower gel, bath gel and soap but you will have to find some clothes" I saw a smile appear on Kalos's face.

"I thought I could walk around the village naked" Kalos sarcastically said before laughing at his joke and making me blush thinking about his naked body.

"You are hilarious, you can use the computer or tablet downstairs to order clothes in and you can use my credit card. The village does not have a great selection and you do not seem the type to wear old fashioned clothes" I went to leave the room but Kalos grabbed my wrist, shooting electricity up my arm from his touch.

"I am grateful for you doing this" Kalos sincerely said walking towards me, looking in his eyes was like staring into a hypnotic pattern you did not want to stare but you couldn't resist staring.

"No worries, I will make us something to eat" I quickly ran out the room and down the stairs, Kalos made me feel nervous.

Being in a house with someone else felt weird, it had been five years since Lucas left me to move to New Orleans for his job and I had lived alone since, now I would have to climatize to the fact I lived with someone else.

I had no idea if I had anything to eat, I had planned to go shopping over the weekend and usually could sustain myself until then. Looking in the freezer I had a pepperoni pizza I could make and half bag of wedges, that would do for us both. 

Turning the oven on, I went to the laundry room and took out two beer bottles which I put in the fridge hopefully it would relieve my nervousness, I am never usually nervous. 

Shoving the food in the oven I switched on my tablet and ordered groceries that would keep us both going and ordered a couple litres of blood, I was sure my stock was running out and now there was two of us we would need enough to keep us going.

On the calendar I wrote the groceries would be here tomorrow at 3pm, that would give me the whole day to sort out the garden and woodlands for the summer, unfortunately we had quite a harsh spring and winter which meant the fences; benches; ornaments; plants: and trees looked a little sad but I had bought lots of paint and equipment ready to spruce the garden up.

I loved being in the garden, I found it quite freeing.

"Where is this computer or tablet then?" Kalos's voice made me jump out of my skin, I was stood thinking about my garden in my own zone and suddenly there he was, I had temporarily forgotten he was here.

"Did I startle you my dear?" Kalos jokily said, you could tell that he enjoyed the fact he made me jump.

"Here you can use my tablet I have the website up for you, my credit card is automatically set up. I am here all day tomorrow doing gardening therefore you can have it delivered then, we I mean I have a grocery delivery tomorrow anyway. Oh, and I have put a pizza and fries in they will be done in 10 minutes and there is a cold beer in the fridge" I waffled really fast.

"Wonderful" Kalos grabbed my tablet and sat on the stool in front of me.

Walking to the fridge I pulled out the two beers and popped them open before putting one in front of Kalos.

"Cheers" Kalos said but didn't look up.

Bending over I checked the food was cooking ok in the oven which it was and would be done in under 8 minutes time.

"All done" Kalos threw the tablet at me which still had his basket worth only £25 on.

"You need more than that" I said before checking his sizes and going back to shop for more clothes that I thought would look nice on him.

Kalos did not respond instead he watched me while taking a few swigs on his beer. 

Once the basket was £65, I placed the order with a next day delivery, at least I was satisfied he had enough clothing and shoes to keep him going.

"Now you are all done" I victoriously took a swig of my beer before checking on the food again which would be done within five minutes.

I started getting out the plates and the cutlery, laying them on the counter when Kalos presented a wad of money in front of me.

"Take it" He commanded but I shook my head and moved the money away from me.

"I don't need your money" I said offensively.

"Then let me help you in your garden tomorrow" Kalos reasoned while putting the money away.

"Fine but I am in charge" I smirked at him which made him raise his eyebrows.

"If you say so" Kalos responded sarcastically taking another swig of his beer.

"You are not what I expected" I honestly said.

"And what were you expecting?" Kalos asked curiously.

"A complete asshole" I replied forwardly making Kalos let out a barky laugh.

"Wait and see" Kalos promised smirking boyishly at me.

Laughing to myself I reopened the oven door and took out the fries and pizza before evenly sharing them between us both.

Sitting next to Kalos on the stool I ate a few fries before looking at Kalos who looked perplexed.

"Why an asshole?" Kalos asked. 

"Because of the rumours" I responded picking up a slice of pizza and taking a nibble.

"I would call myself an animal not an asshole" Kalos commented picking up a slice for himself.

"Same thing isn't it?" I smiled at his fake shocked expression.

"You are quite the mischievous creature, aren't you?" Kalos observed before taking a bite of his pizza.

"You have no idea" I replied until I realised, I had just flirted with him and took a mental note not to do it again.

"Have you always lived here alone?" Kalos gestured around the room when he asked the question.

"No, I once lived here for a while with a friend" I said the word friend quietly to myself, Lucas was hardly my friend.

"I see, where is he now?" He enquired. 

"New Orleans" I replied, running my hand through my hair. I did not like talking about Lucas, I still had not recovered from him.

"You miss him" Kalos observed.

"Yes, but it happened and then it was over" I was desperate to get off this conversation.

Kalos fell silent after my last comment but when I looked at him it was as if he was thinking about something else.

"How about you? Who were you with prior to when you died?" I asked Kalos cautiously as I did not want to offend him.

"Ana" Kalos replied before getting up and putting his plates in the basin.

"Who was she?" I asked.

"My first love" Kalos muttered barely audible.

"Aren't you over a thousand years old?" I asked shocked.

"Yes, and I know you are no spring chicken" Kalos sarcastically said.

"When did you see her last?" I asked still curious about his story.

"Over a thousand years ago" Kalos sarcastically responded.

"And you still..." I started to say but stopped myself.

"Yes" Kalos answered simply.

"That is...unexpected" I replied, originally, I was going to call it beautiful, but I could not apply the word beautiful with Kalos.

"Why is everything unexpected with me? Are the rumours that bad?" Kalos smirked clearly, he did not care about the rumours.

"Like you need to ask" I sarcastically said making Kalos laugh.

Suddenly the rain started to hammer against the patio doors that led out in the kitchen which stopped our conversation. Then the thunder and lightning began.

Living in our village was like living in a supernatural weather bubble, whenever any witch or warlock was having a bad day it would randomly start thunder, lightning and pouring with rain.

"Someone on their periods?" Kalos sarcastically asked.

"You are hilarious" I sarcastically responded standing up to put my plates in the basin.

"Clearly it is in for the night, what do you usually do?" Kalos asked.

"Ice-cream of course" I smiled innocently back thinking about my vibrator although Kalos just grinned at me.

"Why don't your grand slam me with table tennis? Lisa said you are the master of table tennis, ping pong and air hockey. She also said something about that you have those in your basement" Kalos raised his eyebrows at me like he was challenging me.

“I am the master” I smirked, sipping on my beer

“We’ll see” Kalos finished his drink and held out his hand.

“You are going to lose” I grinned before taking his hand.

Pulling me into him, he stroked the side of my face making my pulse catapult through the roof. 

“We will see” Kalos gave me a dark look, sending electricity coursing throughout my body. 

Moving away from Kalos I walked into my games room and handed Kalos a bat, we then stood in position at opposite sides of the table. 

I served quickly which Kalos instantly missed. 

“Come on you can do better than that, I thought you were an original?” I laughed when I saw Kalos’s defiant expression, he looked ready to do battle and win against me.
I started to laugh more loudly which made Kalos growl under his breath which simply egged me on further. 
“You are not going to win” I taunted Kalos by twirling my bat in my hand, Kalos raised his eyebrows at me as if it was a silent challenge.
“I love a challenge” Kalos smirked before poising himself for round two.
I served the ball which Kalos quickly shot back at me taking me by surprise and gaining Kalos a point.
“Oh, dear seems like the game has only just begun” Kalos taunted while taking a ball out of his pocket and serving it quickly to me.
Hitting the ball back to him I was triumphant when I won against Kalos, I wanted to show him who was boss however clearly, we both thought the same thing.
Kalos served the ball quickly and I literally missed which made him run around the table and pick me up victoriously.
“Put me down your ass” I laughed and Kalos set me on the floor but held my waist.
Looking down at my lips I could tell that Kalos wanted to kiss me I wanted him to kiss me too. I was dying to reach my hand up and run my hands through his hair, but I resisted.
“I think we have had enough excitement for one night” I whispered against his lips and Kalos let me go.
We both set our bats down and Kalos followed me upstairs to our rooms, it was almost as if I was leading him to bed, the temptation was painful.
“I had fun tonight” I smiled at Kalos and leant against my doorway to my bedroom.
“I can be fun and evil you know” Kalos smirked, sauntering towards me until he was stood close to my body.
Leaning his hand, he caressed the side of my face, leaving shivers everywhere he touched.
“How are your senses?” Kalos huskily asked.
“Better” I whispered, the proximity of Kalos was affecting my speech.
“Goodnight Nina” Kalos whispered and kissed me lightly on the lips and then walked into his room leaving me a little breathless and incredibly horny.
Shutting my bedroom door, I leant my head against the doorway and moved my hand into the waistband of my shorts and into my panties.
Moving my hand between my folds I felt that I was already wet, but I needed a release. I began to rotate my finger against my clitoris and moved a hand over my breast and began playing with my nipple.
Closing my eyes, I thought of Kalos and what his hands would do if he was here with me, I imagined it was his thumb rubbing against my clitoris and his finger that he was placing inside of me. My orgasm tore through me like lightning and crashed around me like a tsunami. 
Breathless I crawled into bed and slowly sleep and dreams of Kalos found me. 


Chapter Eleven
I love my bed; I know that it what everyone says but I truly mean it! Rolling over to my side I hugged my pillow until the sun began to agitate my eyes.
“I don’t want to get up” I groaned to myself before reluctantly crawling out of bed.
Opening the curtains, I was delighted to see how beautiful the day was, the garden was bathed in sunlight and the sky was a perfect blue.
Without throwing on my dressing gown I walked out of my bedroom and literally into a topless Kalos.
“Shit!” I jumped and realised that I had my hands splayed on Kalos’s chest which felt firm under my touch.
“Well hello to you, would you mind removing your lovely hands from my body?” Kalos smirked when I quickly did what he asked as if I thought his body was made of flames.
“I literally forgot you were here again!” I defensively said trying to avert my eyes anywhere but Kalos.
“How rude, am I truly that forgettable?” Kalos teased and pretended to look offended but that just irritated me because he was being highly arrogant
“What would you like for breakfast?” I pushed pass him and went to run down the stairs.
“Allow me” Kalos zoomed supernaturally down the stairs making me cuss rather loudly.
“Kalos it is fine” I ran into the kitchen to find Kalos boiling up a pan and preparing eggs.
“Allow me, you cooked last night” Kalos gave me a boyish grin at the mention of last night which made me blush.
“Fine, what are we having?” I placed myself on the stood and rest my head on my hands while watching him.
“Poached eggs on French toast” Kalos began cooking the eggs and toast while still topless which was quite distracting, I hated to admit it, but he looked like a god.
“Did you cook a lot in the old days?” I asked curiously.
“Listen I am flattered you clearly want to bond with me, but I do not want to waste either of our time” Kalos said sounding a little frustrated at my attitude from last night.
“Kalos I have been here with people who are similar to you before and neither ended well” I admitted looking down at my hands.
“I am not like others” Kalos muttered before we both fell silent as Kalos began to cook the eggs.
After Kalos helped me and last night my feelings towards Kalos had developed, right now I wanted nothing more than to run my hands up and down Kalos’s godlike chest.
“Breakfast is served my lady” Kalos placed what he had cooked in front of me with a cup of tea and it smelt delicious and I took a bite.
“Kalos, oh my god this is delicious” I moaned before taking another mouthful, I had never tasted poached eggs like this.
“I am glad you approve” Kalos sat next to me and began eating his breakfast.
“I was thinking today we could do gardening today; I find after doing dark magic being with nature helps me and it is a beautiful day” I looked up and Kalos was staring at me curiously.
“Will you be wearing that?” Kalos gestured at my tiny pyjamas causing me to blush again.
“I usually wear a dressing gown” I defensively answered.
“In the garden?” Kalos smirked clearly amusing himself.
“No idiot” I laughed, and a loose hair fell over my face when Kalos suddenly moved it behind my ear making me shiver.
“I have not gardened for a while” Kalos took another bite of his food when he began waving at someone.
“There you both are!” Lisa came in and went to make herself a coffee.
“Jesus Lisa, do you ever knock?” I took a sip of my drink while Kalos covered himself up with his discarded shirt which was still on the breakfast counter from last night.
“I have exciting news” Lisa threw a letter in front of me confirming Nia’s university confirmation for her bachelor’s degree in journalism, a career Nia always aspired to be in even as a little girl.
“Congratulations Lisa” I got up and hugged Lisa who kissed me on the cheek.
“Anyway, I wanted you to be the first one to know in the village, I will leave you both to it, I have many people to tell!” Lisa kissed me on the cheek again before placing a hand on Kalos’s shoulder before leaving the house.
“You two are remarkably close” Kalos observed when I went to put the dishes in the sink.
“You know our story already, Lisa told you it” I said bending over to get the washing up liquid.
“You already know I am curious about you” Kalos said as he was now stood behind me, I hated him being too close it made me feel naked.
“I should really go for a shower, thank you for breakfast” I went to quickly run off upstairs when Kalos grabbed my wrist and pulled me close to him.
“Do you always run away?” Kalos ran his finger down my bare arm.
“You should really stop being curious, you know what they say curiosity did to the cat” I sarcastically said.
I wanted him to tear off my clothes and run his hands all over my body, but I knew this, whatever this was, would not end well, my past was evidence of that.
“I am off for a shower” I pulled my wrist out of his grip and walked off upstairs even though I must admit I did wiggle my ass a little.

Chapter Twelve
When I had finished showering and dressing myself, I decided that it was probably too hot for gardening today. 

Instead I sat at the computer to begin to tinker with the finances of the museum however I turned my gaze to look at Kalos who was laid on the sofa reading a book.

“What are you reading?” I asked which made Kalos look annoyed at me.

“What?” I asked incredulously.

“I am reading” He simply said gesturing to the book in his hand.

I giggled at his response and returned to my presentation.

After silence for around 10 minutes I could feel as if I was being watched and looked up to see Kalos stood in front of me with his toned arms folded.

“Can I help you?” I leant back in my chair and looked up at Kalos.

“You disturbed my reading, now I cannot concentrate. Therefore, let’s go swimming” Kalos gestured outside and then held up my blue bikini.

“You went in my room?” I said nervously remembering what else was in the same drawers as my bikini. Kalos did not respond he just smirked at me and dropped the bikini onto the keyboard.

He then began unbuttoning his shirt unveiling his beautifully toned body.

“Quit ogling and start changing” Kalos smirked and began undoing his trousers.

I stood up and turned around before walking into the kitchen, slipping out of my dress and putting on the bikini.

l really hoped he had not found my sex toys; I am sure he would bring the topic up in conversation soon if he had.

Grabbing my kaftan from the dining chair, I walked back to study area and was almost knocked off me
feet when I saw Kalos's beautiful body naked except for his boxers.

Kalos looked appreciatively up and down my body before turning around facing the direction of the doors that led to the pool.

“Race you?” He turned his face and smirked before whizzing off outside.

Laughing I quickly followed only to be grabbed by Kalos who was suddenly stood behind me, next to the pool around my waist and then he dived us both in together.

“Ha ha you are such an ass” l said after resurfacing and pushing against his chest playfully.

Kalos let out a hearty laugh before diving underneath the water and picking me up amount before diving me backwards.

Resurfacing I wrapped my hands around Kalos’s neck and kissed him, much to both of our surprise.

Pulling away I quickly swam backwards and tied to look anywhere but Kalos.

“Sorry I just umm” l stated saying but couldn't find the words.

“You just attacked my lips you fiend” Kalos grinned and swam quickly towards me and grabbed my waist.

“It’s fine” Kalos huskily said moving a wet piece of hair out of my eyes. 

“I'm glad” I whispered back; I was eager to leave the pool I felt nervous after the kiss.

Leaning in Kalos kissed me on my lips and moved his hand across my ass pushing me close to his erection. My body responded accordingly and before I knew it, I had my arms around Kalos’s neck and my legs around his waist.

“Slow down tiger” Kalos huskily said, brushing the bottom of my lips with his thumb.

“Oops” I smirked.

Kalos let go of my waist and swam to the other side of the pool, sitting on the bench that was situated there.
l followed suit and sat next to him on the bench.

“Do you need me to do anything for the town event?” Kalos asked casually.

“No, it is all sorted” I replied cocking my head to look at Kalos and I almost slipped off the bench but Kalos grabbed my waist and stopped me from falling.

Kalos face was inches from mine, l could smell the scotch he had earlier on his breath, he smelt dangerously divine.

“Thank you” I whispered, looking down at Kalos’s lips that I wanted to devour. 

“With pleasure” Kalos breathed against my lips before setting me on the bench then getting out of the
pool. 

Leaning my head back against the side of the pool, I closed my eyes and tried to relieve the tension causing through my body.

I was aware the last few weeks my dreams of Kalos had before like something out of an erotic novel and knew I needed to stop myself before they became reality.

Chapter Thirteen
I was not sure I had dressed appropriately when I entered the pub which was decorated mesmerizingly. 

Lucas had candles which were floating near the ceilings; there was a DJ in the corner playing all the current tunes; the chairs has dark purple leaves covering their backs: and the doors and walls were covered by dark leaf vines.

Suddenly I felt Kalos’s hand on my bare back which made me shiver. 
“You should have my jacket” Kalos whispered in my ear, caressing my neck with his hot breath.
“I am fine” I sarcastically answered when Jeanette appeared in front of us.
“Kalos you came! How delightful! We have not met but come with me, you will not be disappointed” Jeanette screeched and grabbed Kalos’s hand, pulling him away from me.
Kalos did not hesitate or look back, it was obvious to me he wanted to be with Jeanette.
“Nina” I heard someone say from behind me, turning around I was pleasantly surprised to see Eric who looked devilishly handsome in a long-sleeved blue shirt and tight jeans.
“You look amazing” Eric shouted over the music as he placed a kiss on both of my cheeks.
“You look fantastic yourself” I complimented causing Eric to do a mock bow.
“Oh, do I?” Eric flirted, wiggling his eyebrows at me.
Placing his hand on my bare back, Eric led me over to the bar area.
“Let me buy you a drink, what would you like?” Eric asked, gesturing to the array of drinks behind the bar.
“Scotch with ice please and make it a double” I smiled at Eric who gave me his signature mischievous grin.
“Two double with scotches with ice mate, thank you” Eric said to Isla the bar maid who blushed before making our drinks.
Turning towards me, Eric sat on the stood before pulling out the stood next to him and gesturing me to sit which I obliged.
“Not with the big bad monster tonight?” Eric sarcastically asked making me roll my eyes.
“The big bad monster?” I scoffed before laughing.
“Lisa definitely does not like it when I call him that, but it is what it is, anyway beautiful are you single?” Eric flirted, running his finger up and down my arm.
“You do not go around the bush, do you?” I laughed at Eric’s fake shock expression.
“I like to grab life by the balls” Eric mimicked grabbing balls making me laugh again.
“Not the horns?” I chucked before taking the scotch and a sip.
“Are you deflecting my question?” Eric took a sip before placing his hand on my bare knee.
“You wouldn’t be able to handle me, dear Eric” I unintentionally flirted.
“Is that a challenge?” Eric’s mischievous grin returned as he leant in closer to me.
“An impossible challenge” I flirted back this time intentionally.
“Well lets…oh hey Lisa and Nia” Eric suddenly changed his posture from flirtatious to normal and widened the gap between us.
“Eric, I hope you are not pestering Nina, your dress Nina is stunning by the way” Lisa kissed me on the cheek and Nia also did the same closely after.
“I am going to explore the pub, catch you all later for a drink and a dance” I drank the rest of my scotch before standing up and walking off however I made sure I turned around and smirked at Eric who gave me a mischievous grin.
Even though I knew I should have not led Eric on, I did enjoy being flattered by such a handsome devil although it had made me feel self-conscious about my choice of dress. 
Did I look like I wanted sex or a man? Gazing around I did notice a few men were looking up and down my body as if they wanted to devour me, I now agreed with Kalos, I should have brought a jacket and wondered if this was the reason that he had suggested giving me his jacket?
Entering one of the back rooms I was again mesmerized by the décor. 
The room was lit by a purple lamp with a large velvet sofa in the middle which had lace curtains draped around the sofa. Running my hand over the velvet sofa I loved the texture against my skin when I jumped when I felt a hand again on my bare back.
“There you are” Kalos growled clearly annoyed at something.
“Had your fun with Jeanette, have you?” I snapped before sitting on the sofa, riding up my dress a little.
Kalos did not respond immediately instead smirked down at me and sat on the sofa beside me.
“Do I look like a slut in this dress?” I turned to face Kalos and gestured at my dress, but he simply gazed at me for a moment.
“What give you that impression?” Kalos narrowed his eyebrows at me clearly suspicious about my question.
“You are offering me your jacket and how people are looking at me” I answered, a little annoyed at Kalos’s confused expression.
“It is raining” Kalos simply said which stumped me momentarily.
“What?” I asked still a little confused.
“I offered you my jacket as it was raining whereas the matter of the people or men to be precise, do you blame them?” Kalos ran his hand down my bare arm making me shiver again.
“Did you just suggest I do look like a slut and do not in the same sentence?” I snapped and rolled my eyes which made Kalos chuckle.
“Jeanette propositioned me” Kalos confessed changing the subject and lying on his back on the sofa.
“Well good for you” I sarcastically responded, standing quickly up I ran my hand through my hair annoyed at what Kalos had said.
“Will you sit down” Kalos sighed still lied on the sofa.
“I am good” I replied rather sarcastically almost like I was a stroppy teenager.
“I said no” Kalos suddenly sat up and grabbed my wrist turning me to face him and almost landing me on his lap.
“Good for you” I repeated with slightly less sarcasm but clearly my response irked him as Kalos quickly stood up.
“Care to explain what the matter is?” Kalos put his finger under my chin tilting my face to look at him in the eyes.
Before I could answer we were rudely interrupted by the subject that had caused this issue, Jeanette
“Kalos there you are” Jeanette ran over and threw her arms around his neck pushing him onto the sofa with her on top of him and pushing me backwards causing me to almost lose my balance.
I turned around and went to leave the room without a glance backwards, how could I be stupid enough to start developing feelings for him!
“Nina waits!!” I heard Kalos’s deep voice shout, but I continued to walk until I was at the bar where I deposited myself on a stool.
“Can I have a bottle of scotch and one glass please Lucas?” I literally begged Lucas who tapped my hand sympathetically and got my order.
“Bad night?” Lucas put the bottle and glass in front of me before leaning against the bar with his arms folded.
“I want a release” I poured myself a scotch which I quickly tossed back.
“I would not say that too loudly, men think of only one thing, even us gays” Lucas laughed.
“You are an ass who has customers waiting” I pointed to the other side of the bar where ironically it was Jeanette and a glaring Kalos waiting with a few other people.
Pouring myself a second scotch I quickly tossed it back before pouring another and toasting Kalos who looked at me furiously which egged me on.
I could feel the scotch begin to settle my senses and was slowly making me drunk, I wanted to prove a point that I did not want Kalos or any man although I was not quite sure how scotch was going to help in that department.
Tossing back my fifth drink I looked back over and saw Jeanette press herself against Kalos who moved away from her.
“Lucas you should serve her a needy and desperate cocktail and him an arrogant asshole cocktail, would suit them both just fine” I laughed when I saw Jeanette’s tearful expression.
“Kalos, you have to stop her she is offending me” Jeanette moaned in a high pitch voice to Kalos who ran his hand through his hair.
“Kalos please…Kalos Kalos Kalos Jesus Christ already!” I mocked Jeanette’s voice and Kalos began to stride over to me.
Before he made it to where I was sat, I tossed back to more scotches making myself to the point now I was drunk but still aware.
“Let’s go, you have had enough” Kalos growled in my ear while placing his hand against my bare back again.
“Jeanette, I hear you propositioned Kalos, cheers to that, I did wonder why both your tits are practically out. Is there anyone you have not fucked in this village?” I sarcastically said before tossing back another drink but when I went to pour myself another drink Kalos grabbed the scotch bottle and moved it to the end of bar out of my reach.
“I am not going to repeat myself, let’s go” Kalos snarled menacingly gesturing me to stand but which I did but not to leave instead I leant over Kalos and went to snatch the scotch bottle when Kalos grabbed my wrist.
Pulling myself out of his grip I walked past Kalos brushing against his body making him growl as a warning.
Striding over to Jeanette I was not sure what I had in mind, I was very tempted to slap her.
“You really need to look a little less desperate” I said then tipped her glass of red wine down her cleavage and dress making her screech in horror when suddenly my elbow was grabbed by Kalos and he was pulling me to the door.
“Before you protest, think again and remember who I am” Kalos snarled in my ear and yanked me outside into the cold night.
I began to shiver, a combination of the drink and the cold night when I felt Kalos very close behind me.
“Take my jacket Nina” Kalos commanded placing the jacket around my shoulders but I shrugged it off and walked off into the night, I was sexually frustrated and angry, at both myself and Kalos I just wanted to get home and drown my sorrows in the bath.
I was grabbed around the waist and slammed straight into Kalos’s hard chest; it was not helping either of the emotions I was feeling. 
Kalos wrapped his jacket around my arms and began buttoning it up.
“It was not a request Nina” Kalos snarled menacingly, clearly, he was not impressed by my antics tonight but to be honest neither was I although I was not going to tell him that.
I suddenly felt restricted as if I could not breath with all my strength, I broke out of the jacket spilling the buttons all over the floor.
“Fuck you Kalos” I tossed the jacket on the floor before walking off again.
“Is it jealousy?” Kalos shouted after me which made me stop and turn around walking back to him.
“Of what?” I asked sarcastically when I reached him.
“Jeanette propositioning me” Kalos smirked as if I had already answered.
“You are a jerk” I went to walk off again but Kalos hoisted me over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift.
“PUT ME DOWN” I screamed and kicked me legs around but then he must have cast a spell as my feet were bound together with something.
“When we get back home” Kalos slapped my ass playfully which made me snarl.
“Kalos put me down! You are being ridiculous” I growled, attempting to kick my legs around like a stroppy toddler.
Kalos put me down on the ground and I realised we were back home.
Unlocking my front door, Kalos pinned me between his body and my front door to ensure that I would not escape, as soon as he opened the door however I bolted into my living room where I took out my scotch, sat on the sofa and took a sip with a big grin on my face. 


Chapter Fourteen
Pouring my next whisky, I realized I was slowly becoming tipsy.

“What the fuck is wrong with you?!” Kalos sauntered into the room and snarled at me.

l didn't respond instead I tossed back another drink and poured another.

“Answer me” Kalos growled threatened.

Lying back on my sofa I rode up my dress, but I did not care about anything because I was drunk.

“Answer me” l mocked in Kalos's voice who folded his arms in response.

“Are you testing me?” Kalos sat down on the edge of the table and snatched the drink from my hand and tossed it down.

“You want Jeanette” l drunkenly said running a hand through my hair.

“Jealousy again” Kalos put the drink down and leaned closer to me.

“Pass me another whisky” I reached out but Kalos slapped my hand away.

“Cute” Kalos poured another drink and sipped tauntingly.

I was horny, extremely horny l wanted Kalos hands all over my body not Jeanette's.

“No retort?” Kalos put the glass down again and touched my bare knee with his palm making me jump.

“I told you earlier that I don't want her” Kalos huskily said while running his hand up and down my bottom half of my leg.

The butterflies in my stomach had awoken wildly. I am sure the alcohol was playing a part, but I was ready to jump on his lap and ride him.

“Let’s take you to bed, that look on your face is going to get me into trouble” Kalos leant down and picked me up which made me groan but lean my head against his chest.

“Your dress is also deadly” Kalos growled licking his lips and carrying me up the stairs he began to hum to himself which made me feel sleepy.

Taking me into my bedroom he lay me down on my bed and took off my shoes.

“Come on under the duvet” Kalos commanded holding up my duvet covers but I shook my head.

“Stay” I slurred grabbing the front of Kalos’s shirt and pulling him down to me.

“Not a good idea” Kalos gently pushed me back to the bed.

“I don't want to be alone” I held onto his shirt again and he looked puzzled at me.

“I can’t” Kalos pulled his shirt away from me and walked a little backwards distancing himself from me.

“Sorry that I am not up to your standards” l said stroppy before stretching like a cat.

“Excuse me?” Kalos thrust his hands in his pockets and walked towards me.

“l’m not up to the standards of everyone else, its fine” I sighed sadly before turning on my side exposing a little too much of my lace underwear.

“Jealousy again, Christ” Kalos lay behind me and wrapped his arm around my waist, pushing me back against his hard body.

“Go to sleep” He whispered in my ear cascading his hot breath across my neck.

I suddenly felt sleepy and slowly dozed off in his arms. 



Chapter Fifteen
The sun beaming through the window was the thing that woke me up.

Slowly my senses began to awake, and I realized I had a man’s arm draped around my dress, the same dress I wore last night.

Licking my dry lips, I could taste whisky the memories began to whoosh through my head.

Flirting with Eric; mocking Jeanette; throwing a drink on Jeanette; arguing with Kalos breaking his jacket; drinking far too much whisky; another argument with Kalos; then him tucking me in bed: and me begging him to stay.

Oh shit, I was a menace last night.

“Good morning” Kalos whispered in my ear nudging my ass with his full erection.

I could lie in his arms forever, but I knew he was probably pretty pissed at me for last night.

“Listen last night….” l began to say but stopped when Kalos began sniffing my neck.

“Jealousy” He whispered before quickly turning me around to face him.

“Your favorite word” I replied staring at Kalos’s lips.
“And your favorite reaction” Kalos lifted my chin with his fingers. 
“Why do you keep kissing me?” I randomly asked.

“You keep kissing me” Kalos whispered, running his finger over my bottom lip.

“But your…you” I blushed as what I was meaning was that he was this ancient creature where I was just another supernatural, I was nothing special.

“You do not see yourself as I do and everyone else does” Kalos leant in and placed a delicate kiss on my lips.

“Your smell is intoxicating” Kalos whispered and inhaled my scent from my hair.

“Your skin is soft and delicate” Kalos ran his finger down my arm making me whimper.

“And your taste, your taste is excruciatingly delicious” Kalos gently nipped my neck and I groaned loudly.

“Please” I pleaded, I wanted to know what it felt like to have Kalos feed on me.

“What do you want beautiful?” Kalos whispered in my ear.

“Feed on me” I whimpered.

Kalos ran his hand down my body, cupping my ass to pull my body closer to his.

Leaning his teeth into my neck Kalos bit down gently and began to feed off of my blood.

I could feel every emotion that Kalos had; his desire for me; his anger at the entire world; his venom towards humanity; his sadness from the loss in his life: and the power pumping through his veins. It was intoxicating.

Kalos groaned at the taste of my blood, pushing me closer to his body where I felt his growing erection.

Pulling his teeth out of my neck Kalos licked my bite mark, instantly healing the wound.

Draping my hands around his neck I pulled Kalos’s lips to mine and devoured them greedily, plunging my tongue in his mouth, dancing with his.

I did not care about the risks, I wanted Kalos.

Kalos rolled me onto my back, placing my legs around his waist and began to grind himself against me.

Suddenly my mobile began to ring however we both ignored my mobile and carried on making out until finally my mobile stopped ringing only for it to begin again. 

“I should get that” I mumbled against Kalos’s lips.

Kalos nodded and stretched his toned arm out to get the phone.

“Hi Nina’s phone” I sighed, wishing I did not have this interruption, it had better be serious.

“It is Lisa, someone has trashed the town hall and we think it was Jeanette. You need to sort the display out before the elders find out” Lisa explained sounding frantic.

“I’ll be there soon” I shut the phone off and tilted my head back in frustration.

“What is wrong?” Kalos mumbled, kissing my neck.

“Town display is trashed, I should go” I went to move but Kalos wouldn’t let me instead me began to nibble my earlobe.

“I’ll join you” Kalos whispered in my ear before jumping out of my bed and leaving my bedroom swiftly.

Slowly getting up I realized how ach I was, that was the last time I would be getting drunk like that!



Chapter Sixteen
“Are you ready?” Kalos poked his head around my bedroom door as I was tying the shoelaces of my trainers.
“Yes” I grumbled, I was not looking forward to examining the damage to the town hall display.
“Why do you always overthink?” Kalos asked when I was leaving my bedroom.
“I don’t, I am an analyser” I explained quietly.
“Overthinker” Kalos mumbled as we left my house, I was perplexed to why he was asking me about overthinking.
“You are not always right” I snapped and Kalos cocked his eyebrows at me.
“Most of the time” Kalos smirked at my expression.
“Never” I growled as we reached the village centre. 
“Are you always this frustrating?” Kalos growled at me while running his hands frantically through his hair.
“No, you bring out the best in me, clearly” I sarcastically answered before examining the destroyed town hall display.
“Shit” I sighed, bending down and picking up one of the rose bushes the school had recently made.
“We can fix all this with a bit of magic” Kalos began his magic which slowly put the display back together but deep down I knew the elders would notice the difference.
“Jeanette seriously hates me” I grumbled, while I was stood re-examining the display.
“You threw red win on her and then called her desperate which although I agree with you on that remark this is the consequence to your actions. Clearly you shouldn’t piss off someone who is desperate” Kalos said as of a matter of fact before walking over to the bench opposite the town hall where he sat down and crossed his long legs.
“I am not sorry as I was not wrong” I grumpily said to Kalos as I sat next to him.
“Not even for breaking my jacket?” Kalos looked over at me as he put one arm behind me on the bench.
“You trapped me therefore I escaped unfortunately your jacket was collateral damage” I cockily replied.
Laughing to himself, Kalos gazed off into the distance which made me wonder what he was thinking about, I realised that I still did not know enough about him.
I knew we had a connection, I realised this that night when I asked him to assist me but I was reluctant to concede to my feelings, I had been in relationships which creatures like Kalos and they never ended well for either party that were involved. However, I did not want Kalos to go anywhere regardless because I enjoyed having him around.
“Let’s get out of here for a day” I turned to Kalos who snapped quickly out of his daydream.
“Listen…” He began to say but I put my finger on his lips which made him raise his eyebrows at me.
“I can handle you trust me although I know you cannot handle me” I smirked before standing up and stretching.
“Next time you put your finger on my lips I will bite it off” Kalos threatened but did have a small smile on his lips.
“Can you drive?” I asked Kalos who raised his eyebrows at me.
“Are you kidding me? I have always had a licence” Kalos scoffed under his breath.
“I was being sarcastic; I was joking that for you transport was a horse and carriage” I smirked at my sarcasm and when I looked at Kalos he was smiling.
“I have insured you on my car when you came to live with me, just in case” I stopped at my car and threw Kalos my keys.
“Nice wheels” Kalos stroked the hood of my open top vintage car.
“Where do you want to go?” Kalos got into the driver seat and started my car before revving her.
“Go gentle” I sighed stroking the dashboard of my car while putting my seat belt on.
“Gentle is not in my nature” Kalos smirked before driving off.
“We can go to a country park which about fifteen miles away, there are lakes, waterfall, forests and a small coffee shop” I tapped the postcode into my silent GPS and Kalos drove to the direction of the map on the GPS.
“You like forests, don’t you?” Kalos asked glancing at me curiously.
“I find them peaceful plus nature seems to agree with me” I gazed out at our sacrificial forests, remembering everything that happened a few weeks ago although it felt long ago.
“Where do you enjoy spending your time?” I turned towards Kalos.
“Forests I agree with you that there is something tranquil but also peaceful in the trees of the forests” Kalos explained which make me blush.
Kalos turned the radio on and I always had programmed to the classical station.
“Full of surprises” Kalos muttered to himself before putting on his sunglasses.

Chapter Seventeen
I leant my head back and stared at the scenery we passed, cows to forests to mountain. The village was set in truly beautiful surroundings. 
We both stayed silent for the rest of the journey until we pulled into the country park called Fir Land. 
Kalos pulled into a parking spot under a large tree and next to a sheltered picnic spot, each parking spot had tall bushes surrounding the spots. 
Kalos pressed the button which put the hoot on my car before he exited, and I followed.
“Where shall we go first?” Kalos pocketed my car keys and walked around to me.
“There is a waterfall deep in the forest” I began to walk and Kalos joined.
“How many times have you visited here?” Kalos asked walking quite close to me.
“Used to come here every weekend with…but then I stopped” I felt sad remembering him.
“Ex?” Kalos asked through gripped teeth.
“Something like that” I replied quietly.
“Have you brought me on a date then?” Kalos stopped me and grinned which made me blush and not immediately respond.
“No, I thought we both could do with a change of scenery” I responded defensively and continued walking.
“Of course,” I heard Kalos mutter before he joined me, and we walked into the deep forest.
I felt nervous to be here alone with Kalos not because I did not trust him, but I did not trust how he made me feel.
“I can sense how I make you feel” Kalos whispered in my ear making me shiver.
“Then clearly you have an overactive imagination” I confidently replied but Kalos whisked me against a tree pinning me with his body.
“Is it now?” Kalos gave me a deadly grin before running his hand down the side of my body.
“Kalos” I warned even though I secretly wanted him.
“Why do you fight this?” Kalos whispered in my ear.
“I’ve explained, for me this never works out” I pushed Kalos away and went back to the path.
“Because of him?” Kalos shouted after me.
Stopping in my tracks and defensively crossed my hands.
“Don’t” I snapped; I was irritated that Lisa had told basically a stranger the intimate details of my life.
“Of course, apparently I am trustworthy” Kalos walked towards were I was stood.
“Apparently is correct” I sarcastically said, going to walk away when Kalos grabbed my wrist.
“What happened with him, I only know the limited details you told Lisa but there is more isn’t there?” Kalos asked which made me groan, my ex and I was the last thing I wanted to talk about.
“Let’s go to the waterfall” I shouted as I supernaturally ran to the waterfall and waited at the edge for Kalos.
“You are completely bonkers!” Kalos shouted over the noise of the waterfall.
“You can hardly talk!” I am shouting back before removing my dress and diving headfirst into the waterfall causing a large splash.
Kalos quickly followed and playfully grabbed my legs underwater tipping me backwards.
“That was fun” He growled before pulling me close to him.
I was hesitant as I was reluctant to admit my feelings for Kalos.
“You cannot deny this or us” Kalos whispered against my lips before biting my bottom lip with his tenth.
“Have you not realised I can be quite stubborn?” I sarcastically said causing Kalos to smile at me.
“Of course, not” He sarcastically responded before diving underwater again and lifting me up before splashing me back into the water. 
“I want you to be mine” Kalos came up behind me and growled in my ear.
“I am not a possession” I snapped but groaned when Kalos kissed my bare neck.
“Trust me when I claim you, you will certainly know you are mine” Kalos menacingly promised which annoyed my internal feminist.
Spinning around I scowled at Kalos who raised his eyebrow at me.
“I will never be anyone’s possession” I snarled before kissing Kalos forcefully on the lips.
Kalos wound his hands around my hips and trust his tongue into my mouth making me groan into his before putting away.
“I am starving, there is a great steakhouse in the forest with air dryers” I quickly said before supernaturally jumping out the waterfall, I think I had succeeded in winning that round.
“Stop running” Kalos growled when he catched me up as I was slipping on my clothes outside the steakhouse.
“I was hungry” I argued in my defence.
We both entered the steakhouse and chose a table near the window when we were instantly served by a waitress.
“We will have two rare rump steaks and two diet cokes please” I ordered to the pretty waitress who was gazing appreciatively at Kalos before going to prepare our order.
“She likes you” I muttered to Kalos who ignored my comment.
“Why do you keep running?” Kalos asked.
“You terrify me” I admitted, looking up at Kalos.
“But you like how I make you feel” Kalos moved to the seat next to me and moved his hand on my knee and trailed up the inside of my leg.
“We are in public” I whimpered as Kalos caressed the outside of my already wet panties.
“And…” Kalos kissed my earlobe which he bit and pulled.
“Your order” The waitress returned and literally threw our order down angrily. 
When the waitress had stormed off, I began nibbling on my food, trying to distract myself from Kalos’s touch but I failed when Kalos began rubbing his thumb on the outside of my panties.
“Steak tastes delicious” Kalos whispered in my ear, taking a bite of his steak.
“Yes” I breathed, not sure if I was talking about the steak or Kalos’s touch.
“What is the plan after lunch?” Kalos asked innocently, slipping his thumb under my panties and rubbing my clit.
“Nothing” I whimpered. 
Looking down at my plate I had lost my appetite, for the food at least.
“Gorgeous day, I might catch some rays” Kalos suddenly removed his hand and I gasped at the longing I felt for his touch.
“Why…. why did you stop?” I asked frustratedly. 
Kalos ignored me and carried on eating his steak in silence.
I agreed with him, that today was a great day to catch some rays.




Chapter Eighteen

Kalos was lay on the grass, his beautiful body exposed for all to see. 

I must have looked like a goldfish standing there with my mouth open, but I could not stop staring, I wanted to jump on him and ride him till the sun came home.

“Now that is a body” Lisa wrapping her hands around my waist and gave me a cuddle which made me smile.

“Hey trouble” l gave Lisa a kiss on the cheek.

“Why my dear are you staring at Kalos when you do not feel for him?' Lisa learnt against the doorpost and made me nervously laugh.

“He is alright to look at” l shrugged and turned away from my gaze to look at Lisa.

“You nearly ate me for being for trying to be his friend. You can fool yourself but not me” Lisa pointed her long finger at me.

Sighing I looked back at Kalos thinking about how much I thought about him, but I knew he was bad for me. However maybe that is just what I needed.

“I cannot Lisa you know that, I care for him that is all” l tried to convince Lisa who waved at me before walking away.

“You do not have that much resistance” Lisa shouted at me before cackling like a nutcase.

“What a bitch” I muttered before jumping when someone touched my shoulder.

“Who is a bitch?” Kalos moved his hand to placing his hand above my head.

Looking up I was breathless, Kalos up close was deadly both his smell and of course his body.

“Lisa teasing me” I quietly said staring straight into his eyes.

“About?” Kalos gruffly said stretching his abs making me blush.

l was quiet more than usual; l was deep in thought about everything; of Kalos; Grayson: and now I was falling. Did I bring this on myself?

“Talk to me” Kalos leant in closer making me shudder at how close we were.

Walking away I went to the kitchen and cracked open a beer leaving Kalos Stood learnt in the doorway.

“Just girl banter” I shrugged before taking another swig of my beer.

“Fine” Kalos growled clearly irritated at my lack of response.

“Kalos you seem tense” I muttered taking another swig of the beer while Kalos slowly walked towards
me.

“You are always hide something from me” Kalos snarled running on hand through his hair.

“Kalos” I began to say but Kalos held his hand up.

“ENOUGH!” Kalos commanded before growling at me. 

Walking around the kitchen counter I was shocked at Kalos’s tone.

“Talk to me” I pleaded, remembering our amazing day and last night.

“Fuck off, you don't trust me, I have done nothing but show you how trustworthy I am” Kalos snarled defensively.

Crashing into him I began kissing him violently and after his initial shock he grabbed my hair and started kissing me back with the same intensity.

Pulling away I couldn't stare in his eyes, but he tilted my chin to force me to stare at him.

“Unexpected” Kalos huskily whispered licking his lips.

“I do trust you Kalos, but I don’t want you to hurt me” I whispered against his lips.

“You have got to be fuckin kidding me!” Grayson was suddenly in my kitchen and shouted at both Kalos and myself.

“Grayson…...” I began to say but Grayson stormed out and I quickly ran after him.


Chapter Nineteen
"I LOVE YOU!" Grayson hollered as if he was in pain.

I couldn't bear to look at Grayson's face, I was too ashamed, and I didn't want to tell him the truth and act like I was friend zoning him.

"Grayson let’s not do this please" I reached out and touched Grayson's hand who pulled away quickly.

"Is it HIM? Is that why you do not want me?" Grayson looked disgusted at his own words.

"Grayson, I love you too but as my friend and one of my family" I pleaded with Grayson.

Grayson flew into werewolf mode and suddenly started to rip his close off and transform into a wolf.

"Grayson stop please" I started to slowly walk backwards apprehensive with what Grayson will do next.

Grayson began prowling the room while baring his teeth at me and hunching his back. 

I sat down on the floor on my knees as if I was praying and held my hand to Grayson.

"Grayson, I trust you" I whispered as Grayson slowly walked towards me and sniffed my hand.

Grayson began to pant loudly and then returned to his human form although he was completely naked.

I launched forward and threw my arms around his neck delighted that he had become human.

Grayson was frozen for a brief moment before wrapping his arms around my body.

Releasing myself from his grasp I stood up and ran a hand through my hair.

"Grayson you cannot keep doing this" I groaned in annoyance.

"Listen, I am sorry" Grayson started to walk towards me, but I stopped him by putting my hand against his naked chest.

"The problem is Grayson you keep saying you are sorry" I sighed sadly knowing that I must cut him loose as I was not helping the situation by being his friend.

"I will be better" Grayson reached out and held out to touch my hands but again I walked backwards away from his touch.

"We need some space; I need some space Grayson" I said sadly trying not to look in his eyes.

Grayson briskly walked over to where I was stood and touched my chin to lift my eyes to his.

"I cannot let you walk away from me" Grayson threatened and his eyes had darkened.

"It’s my choice Grayson not yours, it’s not forever just for now until you understand I am not yours or an object" I firmly said before kissing Grayson on the cheek.

But Grayson grabbed my arm and kissed me firmly on the lips even though I pushed at his chest he still carried on attacking my lips as if he was possessed.

After what felt like an eternity pushing and fighting Grayson, he pulled away releasing my lips.

Slapping him as hard as I could I let out a little sob, it felt like he had broken part of my heart, I thought we were family.

"I..... I....let me...." Grayson muttered pathetically running a hand through his hair.

I ran as fast as I could out of his living area and out into the square before letting out another sob.

Walking to the bench I sat down and stated to cry hysterically.

Had I led Grayson on? Was this my fault? I felt hurt, betrayed and incredibly stupid.

Suddenly there was an arm on my shoulder which made me jump and flinch.

“I'm here” Kalos gruffly said before sitting next to me and pulling me close.

“He…he…” But I couldn't get the words out and admit to myself what Grayson had attempted to do.

“Who is he? And what the fuck did he do?” Kalos snarled menacingly.

Leaning my head against Kalos's chest I breathed in his sent which slowly made me calm down and stop crying.

“Grayson, he just tried to…tried to... oh god please do not make me say it Kalos” I let out another sob which made Kalos tighten his grip over my shoulders.

“I'm going to rip his head from his shoulders” Kalos growled threateningly.

“Please take me home” l looked up pleadingly to Kalos.

Kalos looked down at me for a minute like he was contemplating something before he stood up and held out his hand which l took.

Kalos wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me close.

“This is not your fault, look at me Nina” Kalos huskily said tilting my chin to make me look at him.

Leaning his forehead against mine we stood there for what felt like an eternity.

“Take me home” I whispered against his lips.

Kalos kissed me on the forehead and carried me home.

Chapter Twenty
Kalos took out my house key from his pocket and unlocked the front door while holding my waist tightly. I felt protected in his arms but tonight I wanted more than just protection, I needed him.
“Kalos” I stood in front of him and touched his chest.
“Nina I am going to run you a bath then you need rest” Kalos ran his hand down the side of my face.
“No, I need, I want to be with you, I do not want to be alone not tonight” I leant in and kissed him lightly on his lips, Kalos kissed me back slowly but he was like stone and pushed me gently away.
“Not like this, I am not going to take advantage of you” Kalos sighed while holding me at arm’s length.
“Fine, take me for a bath” I suggested and tried to unbutton my top but Kalos grabbed my hands stopping me.
“While that sounds tempting the answer is no” Kalos growled holding me hands firmly to refrain me from undressing.
“If it is tempting then take me for a bath” I bit my lip but Kalos still held my hands leaning in to kiss my forehead.
“I will run you a bath, but I will not be joining you” Kalos pulled away holding out his hand for me to take which I reluctantly took.
My nerves were still on edge but being close to Kalos I felt secure, I knew he was powerful enough to protect me even if I hated the thought that I needed him.
“Don’t leave me tonight” I pleaded with Kalos; I was anxious that I sounded needy.
“Let’s just run you a bath” Kalos quietly said but I was starting to get worried that he would hunt Grayson down and regardless to what Grayson had done to me I did not want anyone to hurt him.
Turning around on the staircase I placed my hands on Kalos’s check and a small tear escaped.
“Please do not hurt Grayson, I know what he did was wrong but promise me you will not hurt him” I pleased with Kalos.
“I cannot promise you that” Kalos suddenly looked rather furious.
“Kalos” I warned and Kalos leant in and kissed me on my lips delicately before wiping away my tears.
However, my body had other ideas, almost leaped at him and threw my arms around Kalos’s neck kissing him ferociously. 
“Nina” Kalos warned me, gently moving me away from his body.
“I’m not fragile Kalos” I snapped and went to storm away.
Kalos quickly wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me close to him.
“I want to, trust me, I want you” Kalos moved a loose strand of hair behind my ear and ran his thumb over my bottom lip.
“I need you” I pleaded as a tear escaped my eye which Kalos catched with his finger.
Leaning in Kalos captured my lips urgently with his, sighing I moulded my body to his.
“NINA!!!” I heard Grayson shout.
Kalos tensed but I leant my forehead against his to try and calm him.
“Please do not kill him” I pleaded and kissed Kalos in his lips.
“What the fuck is this?” Grayson snarled when he saw Kalos and I together.

Chapter Twenty-One
A large snarl from Grayson tore through the air like a lightning bolt.

Almost instantaneously Kalos crouched protectively in front of me which made me roll my eyes.

“This is ridiculous, both of you. Stop!” I shouted at them although they did not respond to me at all.

“You are a phase that all, she will never be yours” Grayson growled before baring his teeth.

“What would you know, you're just a pet dog, I know exactly what you did to the other day” Kalos smirked when he knew me hit a nerve.

“What did you say to me?!!” Grayson hollered at Kalos, gripping his fists furiously.

“Grayson just leave please” l pleaded to Grayson who started snarling louder.

“You are choosing him! I realize what I did to you was wrong, but we can make this right, together” Grayson bellowed at me.

“I'm telling you to leave, I do not want to see you anymore, you cannot change what you did to me” I growled at Grayson who kicked my chair over and then stormed at my living area.

Kalos was growling and shaking with anger, I moved my hand to touch his arm. Kalos turned around, grabbed my waist and pulled me closer to him.

“I want to kill him for touching you, for hurting you” Kalos growled menacingly leaning his forehead against mine.

“I know” I whispered quietly moving my hands to around his neck.

“You should have never forgiven him; he does not deserve you” Kalos huskily said still snarling occasionally.

“Kalos I need you” I pleaded, not wanting this to become a row.

Leaning in Kalos kissed me firmly but tenderly on my lips taking me by surprise. After a brief moment l began kissing him back with need.

Moving me quickly against the wall Kalos picked up my legs and wrapped them around his waist.

My stomach was doing somersaults and back flips, I needed to feel him, I wanted Kalos right here, right now.

I thrust my hands in his hair I began kissing him back more ferociously which made him rotate his erection
against my sex.
Carrying me upstairs Kalos lay me on the bed and stared at me for a moment before claiming my lips. 


Chapter Twenty-Two
Kalos kissed down my body, leaving feathered kisses and little nips everywhere he went until I felt his in my core, I wanted him now, I was craving him.
“Kalos please” I pleaded which made him growl in appreciation.
“Soon baby” Kalos whispered huskily.
Holding onto one breast he teased my nipple between his thumb and finger while he played with the other in his mouth flicking my nipple mercilessly.
Arching my body of the bed I moved my arms until they were in his hair but Kalos grumbled something I did not hear and proceeded to move my arms back above my head.
“Keep your hands there” Kalos smirked and kissed my lips forcefully.
“I want to touch you” I moaned against his mouth and tugged at his bottom lip.
“Good things come to those who wait” Kalos whispered in my ear and I groaned in frustration. 
Kalos began kissing down my body again but this time as he reached my neck, he bit down drawing a blood which made me whimper and then moan loudly as the arousal coursed throughout my body.
“Please” I pleaded, arching my body into his rough hands.
Kalos ignored me and continued his slow torture across my body, he paid intimate attention to both my breast which were heavy in his hands and mouth, I was on fire, but I needed to feel him inside me, this was not enough for me. 
“Patience….” Kalos commanded as if he could feel my impatience and I tried to stay still even though it was very difficult.
I felt Kalos’s hand between my legs as he cupped my already wet sex, parting my folds he began to rigorously rub his thumb against my clitoris as he used the other hand to play with my nipple. 
Placing his finger in my sex he growled when he felt how wet I already was for him.
“You are perfect” Kalos said appreciatively.
Closing my eyes, I arched my back, consumed with desire for Kalos.
“Look at me beautiful” Kalos commanded but I couldn’t, I was literally high as a kite.
I felt Kalos move up my body and then felt his lips against mine as he kissed me forcefully and explored my mouth with his tongue.
Opening my eyes, I found myself face to face his captivating green eyes who were looking at me mischievously.
“That is better” Kalos gruffly whispered against my lips as he rubbed his thumb mercilessly against my clitoris.
“Please” I whimpered against his lips which made Kalos grin victoriously
“You are fucking hot” Kalos snarled before kissing my lips forcefully again while pushing to the edge with his thumb.
I began moaning over and over in his mouth and arching my back into his solid body, I was almost to the edge and then he put his finger in me as he still tortured my clitoris with his thumb and I collapsed around him, shaking and trembling as my orgasm rolled over and over again.
Moving my hands from above my head I encased them around his strong body, I was dying to rip off his clothes to enable us to be skin to skin.
I already could feel his erection pressing against my thigh, but this wasn’t enough, I wanted to see him, all of him in his glory. 
“Take your clothes off” I demanded, biting my lip mischievously.
“Now who is being demanding” Kalos smirked, kissing my lips while rocking his jeans against my sex. 
“Now” I commanded, running my hand up under his top and across his gorgeous abs.
Slowly Kalos began to remove his top until he was topless and frankly dangerously sexy leaning over my body. Nibbling my lip, I began to think of all the devilish things that I wanted to do to him.
“If you keep looking at me like that, we will never leave this room ever again” Kalos leant down and took my nipple in his mouth and gently bit down making me arch my body as the arousal rushed through my body and down to my sex. 
“Naked…now” I breathed, unable to form a full sentence.
Standing up Kalos unbuckled his belt and then unfastened his jeans before pushing them down and kicking them to the side of the room. Even in his black tight boxer shorts his erection was huge and visible, I had been with well-endowed men previously but Kalos was different. 
Sitting up I moved to the side of the bed where I opened my legs to show Kalos a view of my sex, stretching my hands out I clasped around his buttocks and pulled Kalos towards me. 
“This is a dangerous game you are playing” Kalos gruffly said, his eyes looking down at me were dark with lust.
“I think we have been playing a dangerous game for a while now” I giggled mischievously as I pulled down his boxers and released his erection which literally sprang to greet me. 
I licked the tip of his erection with my tongue making him groan loudly but I had not even started yet. Taking him fully into my mouth I moaned when I felt the precum in my mouth, I knew he felt this way just because of me and it made me feel like a vixen. 
As I began to move my mouth lavishing his erection, Kalos gripped my hair tightly as he began to fuck my mouth, moaning and groaning, all the sounds that made me wet in my sex. 
I placed one of my hands between my legs and began to rub against my clitoris, I was soaking, dripping from the fact that I had Kalos in my power and his orgasm was at my disposal
“Nina” Kalos growled and I could sense that he was on the edge, ready to explode therefore I increased my pace on his erection. 
“Nina I am close…stop now if you don’t want…” Kalos warned me but I did not slow down my rigorous torturing of his erection. 
“FUCK NINA!” Kalos roared my name as he erupted in my mouth, his warm seed I swallowed and sat back on the bed licking my lips while staring up at Kalos.
“You are a devil, my devil” Kalos whispered, picking me up and throwing me against the pillows.
Climbing between my legs Kalos eased himself inside of me before ramming straight into my core causing me to cry out as he filled me up.
Kalos stilled for a moment as he allowed me to get used to his size until he began thrusting in and out with luscious and hypnotic movement. 
I began clawing his back as the ecstasy of Kalos inside of me pumped through my veins, I had denied out attraction since I met him but that was no longer the case and it was a relief, I craved Kalos and it was foolish to deny myself of him. 
Clenching around Kalos he gave me a dark look before he nibbled my ear lobe.
“You keep doing that and this will not be as long as I planned” Kalos whispered promises in my ear.
“I thought you had better stamina than…. ah” I cried out as Kalos slammed his erection against my core again, probably punishment for my cheek.
“You need a good spanking” Kalos growled, kissing my lips as he began pumping rigorously in me.
I could feel how close my orgasm was and how close Kalos was, but I did not want to orgasm, I had waited and resisted Kalos that I wanted this moment to last.
“Don’t hold back beautiful, come with me” Kalos whispered, his words toppled my orgasm over, and I crashed around him as he exploded inside of me with his seed covering my core. 
Leaning down Kalos kissed my lips slowly while rocking slowly inside of me as if he was massaging my insides. 
Slowly Kalos eased out of me and lay on his side, caressing my body with his fingertips, setting me alight everywhere his touch went.
“You are exquisite” Kalos whispered, flicking my nipples making me bite my lip.
“You are not too bad yourself” I grinned, moving in and licking his nipple.
“Nina” Kalos warned but I ignored him and bit his nipple.
Flipping me onto my front Kalos spread open my legs and rubbed in between my folds.
“Your dripping” Kalos groaned appreciatively, nipping my shoulder.
Placing a finger inside of me we were interrupted by my mobile.
“Ignore it” Kalos whispered while he continued to nibble on my shoulder.
I did ignore the phone at least for a few minutes but once the first ringing ended the second begun, it was obvious whoever wanted me needed me for an emergency. 
“We need to see who it is” I grumbled and Kalos let out a loud growl while reaching over to get my mobile which he passed to me before continuing rotating his finger inside of me.
“Hello” I tried to sound normal on the phone and hoped it was not one of the elders.
“Nina, oh god Nina, its Lisa, the elders they know! Grayson told them” Lisa panicked, Kalos clearly heard as he removed his fingers and moved off my bed completely.
“Why would…. oh crap” I remembered why Grayson would tell the elders because he saw Kalos kiss me on the cheek and he also saw us that night.
“Kalos and you need to leave, if they find you, they will most likely punish you with death” Lisa began to sob.
“Thank you for calling Lisa, we will sort something out I promise” I reassured Lisa before putting down the phone and looking at Kalos who looked furious.
“We will sort something out” I stood up and walked towards Kalos before putting my hand over his chest.
“That pesky little weasel” Kalos snarled, I didn’t want our evening to end like this therefore I kissed him passionately on his lips, thrusting my tongue in his mouth.
Kalos responded instantly, turning me around until he was pinning me with his body against the wall.
Picking up my legs Kalos wrapped them around his waist and I held onto his neck as he thrusted in me, filling me again to my core.
“I will not let them hurt you” Kalos gruffly said, leaning his forehead against mine. 
“Nothing is going to happen, I will leave for a while, we can leave for a while” I explained, kissing Kalos lightly on the lips.
Bending my head, I allowed Kalos access to neck and he bit down tasting my blood, him tasting my blood heightened my arousal and not before long I orgasmed, shuddering as it cascaded through my body. 
Kalos was not long after, thrusting deep into me as he once again filled me with his seed. 
“Together” Kalos whispered against my lips.
“Together” I agreed and kissed him lightly.






About the Author
I am an independent, self-published author from England. 
I have been writing from a young age however September 2014 was the first time I self-published my own eBook. 
My writing genre is mainly erotica however I have also written stories for the crime and drama genre.
I advertise all my eBooks myself via my blog, Twitter and Instagram which you can connect with my following the links in the below segment called ‘Get in touch with the Author’

Get in touch with the Author
Blog
https://kimthomaswriting.wordpress.com/ 
Twitter
@xlilangel4lyfx


Other eBooks from the Author
The Christmas Kiss
The Office Affair
Girl on Fire
Burning Desire
The Hotel Guest
Life as I See It
You can download all the above from many eBook platforms such as Amazon, iBook’s, Smashwords, Kobo and many more.

Coming soon eBooks from the Author
Please be advised that the list below is constantly changing
Derelict
Animal Eye
Turned
And many more



