















My Lover, My Friend
My Lover, My Friend © 2002-2009 by Suprina Frazier

Latest revision completed: January 2009.

Mocha Interlude books are published by Bridges & Channels Publishing
Contact info: suprinafrazier@yahoo.com
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent of the Publisher.
All characters in this publication have no existence outside the imagination of the author and have no relation whatsoever to anyone bearing the same name or names. Except for the states and major cities of distinction, all other cities and towns referred to herein are fictional and purely the invention of the author.
Unless otherwise noted, all scripture references were taken out of the King James Version of the Bible. 
*******
Special Thanks to my wonderful family and supportive friends, on and offline. And last, but not least, a multitude of thanks to my Heavenly Father for with You all things are possible
Prologue
Cindy Bloom-Kirkland stared silently out of the long, rectangular-shaped window of the old blue bus as it steadily puttered on. On to her hometown of Dayspring, Illinois on that dreary overcast day. Even the sky looked depressed, as if at any moment it was going to cry. 
Cindy let out a sad sigh, closed her tired puffy eyes, and leaned her head against the worn black leather headrest. She wished that she were anywhere but here on this raggedy old bus going back home in shame. 
But Cindy had to leave. She’d had no choice. He had changed. Yes, her beloved, now ex-husband Charles had become someone else right under her very nose. A mean, manipulative, and cold-hearted someone else. 
Perhaps Charles had been that way all along. His parting words had certainly sealed the truth of that possibility in Cindy’s heart forever. In reality, Charles seemed to have taken a sick form of pleasure in the fact that he’d deceived her for so long. And his malicious declarations seemed to somehow empower him.
Even now as the rain began to rapidly blanket the bus with moisture, Cindy remembered how empty his hurtful words had made her feel. Had she been a fool all this time – believing in a lie? Had Charles ever really loved her? His parting words seemed to suggest otherwise.
“I’m ready to move on to the next level of my life. Without you,” Charles had said smugly as he pushed copies of the divorce papers towards Cindy. Papers that only needed her signature to be final. His bold handwriting was already on the documents, signifying that in Charles’ mind the marriage was already over. 
Then he went on to tell Cindy that this was best for the both of them since she never really knew him anyway. The arrogant man even had the nerve to give her examples as proof of her ignorance concerning his true character. 
“What do you think all those long business meetings and trips were about? I’ve found someone else. Someone who suits me better and is headed in the same direction as me. Someone that I’m, quite frankly, tired of sneaking around to see. Plus, I’m tired of all the guilt,” Charles had concluded.
The guilt?! Cindy scoffed inwardly. It incensed her that Charles actually thought that divorcing her would remove the multitude of guilt from his heart and mind. 
Yeah right! Cindy mused angrily. Brother, you’re going to feel guilty for a long time for how you’ve treated me. She’d wanted to say those words and a few choice others to Charles, but she’d been in such a state of shock at the time that all she could do was cry as she signed the fateful documents. 
No tears flowed now. They had stopped several miles back when the bus first entered the state of Illinois. Cindy would let the sky cry the rest of her tears. 
And it did. The drenching rain continued to beat repetitiously against the bus. 
What a way to start the New Year off – divorced, alone, and nearly bankrupt. According to the prenuptial agreement Charles tricked her into signing years ago; the only thing Cindy left their marriage with was the house. She didn’t even get to keep her silver Mercedes since he’d purchased it on the business account, which meant that it actually belonged to his company, not her.	
I’m really going to miss that car, Cindy mused, growing angrier as each mile drew her closer to her hometown. She honestly didn’t know who she was angrier at. Herself? Or her ex-husband?
Charles. Definitely Charles.
Ten miles to go. 
Fortunately, Cindy’s sister had offered to let her stay with her for awhile, which was a true blessing. It was also a blessing that Cindy’s six-year marriage had produced no children. Charles hadn’t wanted any. If they’d had kids, leaving him would have been that much harder for her. 
Why did I stay so long anyway? Cindy asked herself, considering the fact that they hadn’t had the binding ties of offspring and the fact that the marriage had been bad for years. Now she really felt like a fool for extending loyalty to a man who didn’t deserve it or her. 
Folding her arms across her chest, Cindy quickly found her attempt at self-comfort inadequate. She needed more than she could give herself right now. Yet she was reluctant to turn to the One who could give her what she needed. Cindy was still too angry, too ashamed, still a little too prideful to do that just yet. Instead, her mind returned to that last scene at the house.
After Charles had had his say and gotten his freedom, he’d left the premises with glee dancing in his eyes. Glee!
Hurt that he’d been so elated to be rid of her, Cindy had packed with swift hands. Her feet had been just as swift as she went from room to room; gathering only what she absolutely intended to keep. There had been no use trying to stay there any longer than necessary. That house held too many painful memories, too much disappointment. Plus, it was too expensive to maintain on her own.
Besides, Harrelton, Florida was Charles’ hometown. He belonged there. She didn’t. 
So among angry tears and under the weight of a heavy heart, Cindy had finished packing her basic necessities and made arrangements to leave. Knowing that she was going to have to watch her spending like a hawk now, she pulled what little money she still had left out of her personal savings account and purchased a bus ticket. 
Cindy’s pride wouldn’t allow her to accept plane fare from her family. It was bad enough that she was going to have to live off them until she found a job.	
Marriage to Charles was like a bad investment, Cindy mused, feeling bankrupt on another level now.
Five miles left. 
Over the miles of highways and byways Cindy’s tears had long since dissipated. Only anger remained now. The rain was getting lighter. Even the sky was refusing to cry anymore. It had cleansed what it needed to cleanse, had washed away the debris of the past. Cindy’s own tears had done some of that, as well.
Welcome to the Garden City the green and white sign above them read as the bus turned onto the proper exit. The sun had come out and its resplendent presence seemed to whisper these words to Cindy’s broken heart, “Your storm will also pass.” 
Cindy wasn’t sure if she believed that just yet. For now, the most she could do was be glad that she at least made it safely back home again.


Chapter 1
Gathering her bags, Cindy merged in with the rest of the weary travelers struggling to get out of the crowded bus depot. 
Where’s Mavis? she thought miserably, looking around for her habitually late older sister. If Mavis wasn’t already here waiting, there was no telling when she’d get here.
I might as well find a seat and get comfortable, Cindy mused, ready for a long wait. Suddenly she heard someone calling her name. 
“Cindy, Cindy, over here!” 
Turning towards the voice, Cindy saw a tall man with a smooth shaven head motioning to her. The mocha-skinned man wore dark sunglasses, making it difficult for her to recognize him at first. As he slowly removed the glasses from his smiling face, she saw that it was her childhood friend – Andre Wells.
Cindy returned his warm smile and quickly closed the distance between them. “Hey, boy. What are you doing here?” she asked and then proceeded to answer her own question. “Let me guess. Mavis sent you, right?”
“You betcha.” Andre laughed. 
Though it was impossible not to notice Cindy’s puffy eyes, he wisely refrained from commenting on it. Now wasn’t the time. This definitely wasn’t the place. 
“As usual, Mavis is running late again, so she asked me to pick you up. That okay with you, baby sister?” Andre continued. 
“That’s fine with me, Dre. Just lead the way,” Cindy said, handing her black leather bags over to him. In her peripheral vision, she noticed several women checking Andre out as they made their way out to his car. 
Cindy smiled. She was used to women ogling Andre like that. Females had been acting that way towards him for as long as she’d known him, which was twenty-two years and counting.
Andre and Cindy met when she was in the third grade, he in the fifth. That was when Andre’s family moved into the spacious four-bedroom house next door to hers. 
Since he only had one sibling, who happened to be an older brother, Andre started referring to Cindy as his baby sister. That was his way of fulfilling his need to be a big brother, too. The fact that his parents were through bearing children and were at that time struggling to build up a successful fast-food franchise without additional responsibilities seemed to make Andre’s big-brother need even greater.
Cindy didn’t mind being claimed as Andre’s sister. She only had one sibling herself and it was not a brother. Having an older sister and brother had come in handy countless times over the years. It would definitely come in handy at this low point in Cindy’s life.
Had Cindy been paying more attention to Andre than to his admirers, she might have noticed how intently he was watching her. Particularly the look of appreciation in his eyes at how much she’d physically changed over the last six years. 
While Cindy was married, she’d worn her hair short and in various bobb styles. Now she was allowing it to grow to its normal mid-back length. Furthermore, what was once a slender frame now supported ample curves on the top and bottom. 
Andre couldn’t decide if Cindy was shaped more like an hourglass or a figure eight. Either way her figure was stunning. Unforgettably so.
When did Cindy get so fine? Andre mused. And when did she start looking like a fragile china doll? his thoughts expanded, noting the dejected look upon her countenance and instantly wanting to comfort her. 
Yet his hands were full. Plus, Andre didn’t trust himself to touch her right now, fragile china doll look or not. If he did, he might forget all about their platonic brotherly/sisterly bond and a few other things. 
Actually Cindy’s facial features were not Chinese at all, but more on the Korean side. Her grandmother had been from Seoul, Korea. Nana, as they affectionately called her, lost her family when MacArthur’s troops landed at Inchon (a port city near Seoul), and forced the North Koreans to retreat back across the 38th parallel. Cindy’s grandfather, Robert, was among the troops that helped to rescue the Korean beauty. 
After the loss of her family, Nana no longer wanted to live in a divided country and thus decided to marry the mahogany-skinned man whose bravery and tenderness had captured her heart. After the cease-fire line finally ended in July of 1953, she was more than ready to leave her country and start a new life. By early 1954, Nana and Robert had married and began their lives together in America.
Although Andre knew how much Cindy embraced both her African and Korean heritages, he also knew that her mahogany skin was usually the first thing people noticed when they looked at her. Her straight silky hair was the second. 
Over the years Andre had heard Cindy and Mavis issue the same polite answer, whenever curious people asked where they got such long, straight black hair from. “My Grandmother is Korean,” the sisters would say to those who usually made a bigger deal out of their mixed heritage than they did.
“Are you staying with your parents or with Mavis?” Andre asked, interrupting the uneasy silence that had settled between them from the bus station, to the black Maxima he owned, and on into traffic. 
“Mavis. Since I’m going to be doing some light babysitting for her this summer, it’ll be more convenient for me to be there,” Cindy replied, turning away from the passenger window to face him as he skillfully drove with one hand. “Besides, I really don’t think I can take my parents ‘I told you so’ attitude right now. You know they never liked Charles, warned me not to marry him and everything. They even refused to pay for the wedding, like that was going to stop a woman in love from doing what she wanted anyway,” she added in a rush of anger and bitterness. 
Cindy suddenly snapped her mouth shut, surprised by how much venom she’d just spewed from her mouth. She turned to stare out the window again, trying to rein in her raw emotions. The passing green scenery did wonders to calm her down again.
Andre looked over at Cindy with concern. He’d heard that barrage of angry words. He’d also seen the changes in her mannerisms. Both disturbed him. 
Turning to check his side and rear view mirrors, Andre ventured into the far right lane that would lead to Mavis’ house. Though their destination was conveniently located only a few miles away from the bus station, the distance would give him ample time to try to reconnect with Cindy and hopefully see how much emotional damaged her ex-husband had really caused. 
“Since your parents obviously never paid for the wedding, who did?” Andre asked gingerly, determined to keep Cindy conversational. He couldn’t take her silent brooding. At least with her lips moving he could discern where her mind was at.
“The Kirklands paid for everything,” Cindy replied, sounding lighter than she obviously felt based on the fake smile she turned to give Andre. “I just hated being so far away from my family on my special day.” The pain momentarily resurfaced across Cindy’s face, but she quickly masked it again.
Andre’s voice softened. “Mavis and I flew down there to attend,” he reminded her gently, trying to ease some of her pain. 
Cindy gave his right thigh a brief affectionate pat. “I know, and I certainly appreciated that gesture.” She smiled, attempting to ward off the threatening blues. “But I guess I just wanted Mom and Dad to be there, too. It just bites that they were right all along,” she admitted, before turning back to the passenger window.  
Suddenly something in the sky above caught her eye. 
Looking upwards, Cindy saw that the daylight had darkened again. Why do clouds always have to block out the sun? she silently complained, needing as much light as she could get right now.
“Listen, kid, you’re strong. You’re going to be all right. Better than all right. Especially with your family and particularly with your big brother here to help you through all this,” Andre said, giving her a reassuring smile before pulling into Mavis’ circular driveway. Inwardly he deemed himself in need of a bit of reassurance, as well. 
Andre needed reassurance that he was going to be all right around this new Cindy. Because when she touched his thigh a few minutes ago something stirred in his body. Had her hand lingered a few minutes longer, he might have been tempted once again to forget that Cindy was his quasi-adopted little sister and that she was too emotionally wounded right now to handle any type of romantic relationship.  
“Kid? Who are you calling a kid, Dre? I’m 30-years-old, just two years younger than you,” Cindy said, breaking into his thoughts as she playfully poked him in the side.
Laughing, Andre parked the car and went to get her bags. As he retrieved the luggage from the trunk, he had a sudden urge to run back and hold the car door open for Cindy. 
Whoa, Dre! Get a grip, man, Andre thought, catching himself before he acted upon that urge. Especially since he’d never done that for her before.
Cindy usually bounced out of the car whenever she was with Andre or his brother, Tim. They knew that she only expected men that she was dating to hold car doors open for her. Otherwise Cindy always exerted her independence around them. That self-reliant manner was one of many things that Andre loved about her.
True to form, Cindy bounced out of the car with an energetic spring. Andre watched as she strolled over to the multi-colored myrtles delicately planted along the walkway, closed her eyes, and took a deep whiff of the delicious greenery before her. A faint smile crossed her smooth mahogany face.
I think her heart can heal here, Andre mused as something deep down inside of him stirred once again. This time in his heart and body. 
Andre truly didn’t know what had happened to cause him to suddenly see Cindy in such a different light. Was it the time and distance apart? The change in her physical appearance? His secret yearning to have a woman that knew all of his flaws and still loved him anyway?
Whatever it was, Andre knew that it was becoming increasingly hard to keep looking at Cindy in a brotherly way.
Chapter 2
Opening her eyes after taking a brief moment to stop and smell nature’s flowers, Cindy turned her gaze and body towards Mavis’ four-bedroom, two-bath home. She smiled at the beautiful edifice that rested upon five acres of equally beautiful landscaped grounds. 
Everything about her sister’s property was neat and organized. The colorful welcome mat and wooden door sign carried the same message, ‘Visitors are welcome here’. And they were.
Such proficiency and accommodation was courtesy of both of the Bloom sisters’ upbringing. They’d been taught early in life to keep everything in its proper place and to treat visitors like precious gems. Cindy had treated visitors like kings and queens in her home. She expected to be treated no differently in her sister’s home.
Having no key to Mavis’ place yet, Cindy walked up to the doorbell and rang it. She soon heard the excited voices of her niece and nephew just behind the door. 
“Auntie Cindy’s here! Auntie Cindy’s here!” Ashley and Eric Jr. sang in unison.
Cindy grinned at their excitement, finding herself growing excited, too. That grin was the first thing Mavis and the kids saw when the thick, reddish-brown door was finally opened.
“Auntie Cindy!” Ashley and Eric Jr. exclaimed, surging forward to gather around her legs. They hadn’t seen her since Thanksgiving. 
The kids’ reaction to Cindy’s presence today made it obvious that they not only missed her, but still adored her, too. Mavis’ welcoming smile and warm hug revealed similar feelings of adoration.
Truthfully, most people adored Cindy. She had the kind of personality that drew others in. She was so honest, unassuming, and very detail-oriented. Cindy’s dark understanding eyes had a way of making a person feel accepted and important. 
Unfortunately, none of those virtues had been enough for her ex-husband. Although Cindy had catered to Charles’ every need, he’d squashed any attempt she made at independence. He hadn’t wanted her to work, except on things related to his job such as fundraisers and charity benefits. Whenever Cindy excelled at those things, which was often, Charles always took the credit. 
I’m glad he’s out of the picture, Cindy mused in a brief moment of reflection as she was led inside by the kids. 
With Charles out the way, maybe now she could spread her wings and fly to the heights that she was destined for. If only Cindy knew what that destiny was.  
“Hey, Dre. Thanks for picking Cindy up for me,” Marvis said, giving Andre an appreciative smile as he entered the house a few seconds later. “I was late picking the kids up from their after-school program and that threw everything else off,” she explained.
“Uh-huh,” Andre replied, half-listening to Mavis’ explanation as he placed the first of Cindy’s luggage by the brown leather couch in the living room. 
No need to give full attention to Mavis’ latest attempt to explain her perpetual tardiness. Andre had heard every excuse there was by now. Each time he wondered how someone so organized in other areas of her life, couldn’t seem to organize her time more effectively. 
The root of Mavis’ problem stemmed from the fact that her perception of time was severely distorted. She always seemed to think that she had more time than she actually did. 
“But now that Cindy’s back, I can start being on time more,” Mavis continued to explain, despite the fact that Andre had tuned out her latest excuse several minutes ago. “Shoot, now that Cindy is back, I might even be ten minutes early to things.”	
“Yeah, right,” Cindy and Andre echoed, voicing their disbelief in unexpected unison. Realizing their accord, they looked at each other and burst out laughing.
At the sight of Andre’s beautiful teeth, Cindy’s breath suddenly hitched. She wondered why she never noticed their beauty before now. The man could be a poster child for the American Dental Association with those chops.
When Andre moved to stand beside her in the foyer area, Cindy felt even more strangeness within her body. She actually felt butterflies fluttering in her stomach at his nearness. That made her wonder about a few more things.
“I like your new look, Dre. That shaved head, neat goatee, and diamond stud in your ear is really working for you,” Cindy said, speaking past her flutters. “Very nice. Very nice indeed.” She smiled, briefly rubbing his smooth head for emphasis. 
Huh? What? Cindy mused as a sharp injection of pleasure rippled through her body. Her skin tingled with delightful sensations, throwing her emotions for a different kind of loop now. She practically snatched her hand back down to her side.
Andre instantly hooded his ebony eyes to hide the spark of desire there. He stifled an unexpected shudder of pleasure from Cindy’s touch. Although he knew that she was just being her usual playful self, her hands had felt so good on his head. Too good. Like they belonged there and then some. 
Putting what he hoped was a playful smile on his face, Andre responded with his own brand of lighthearted banter. “Don’t touch the dome, girl. This right here is for my ladies,” he said, rubbing his head in exaggerated front to back strokes as he moved a safe distance away from Cindy. 
What is wrong with you, man? This is Cindy, remember? The girl you call your little sister, Andre scolded himself as he went to collect more luggage from where he’d placed it on the porch.  
“What ladies?” Cindy and Mavis responded in unison this time. 
Laughing together, the sisters followed Andre into the living room area as he brought in the last of Cindy’s baggage. The kids tagged along too, never too far from their aunt.
“You act like you have a harem or something,” Mavis said, continuing their conversation.
“When you know you’re a one-woman-at-a-time man,” Cindy added, rolling her eyes at Andre. 
“You’re so right.” Andre conceded with a smile, loving the fact that Cindy knew him so well. He especially loved the fact that she was looking a lot chipper than she did at the bus station and in the car.
* * *
After leaving Mavis’ house, Andre continued to think about how well Cindy knew him. About how she knew him almost too well. 
For one thing, Cindy knew that Andre was an impeccable dresser. That he cared about his appearance more than the average man. One would never find him wearing the same outfit twice in one month. 
Cindy also knew that Andre was very selective when it came to dating. That he tried very hard not to let his lower member lead him around and would never lead a woman on just to satisfy his male ego or appetite. 
Andre believed in being upfront and honest with everyone. In fact, his steadfast honesty was the cause of his latest breakup.
Andre’s last girlfriend, Julie Medders, had been gorgeous from head to toe with her smooth fair skin, short, curly hair, and curvaceous body. The first seven months of their relationship had been heavenly for him. Yet when her true nature finally surfaced, his life quickly turned into a living hell.
Not only was Julie extremely jealous, but she required constant validation and attention from Andre, which was tiring in and of itself. After nine months of dating, she began to pressure him into getting married with the ferociousness of a pit-bull. 
When Andre refused to give into Julie’s demands, citing the fact that he was not in love with her, she threatened to start dating someone else. Such threats only made Andre that much more steadfast in his decision to wait. He wouldn’t be rushed into something as important as marriage and he’d told her so. 
True to her word, Julie began dating someone else. Someone she’d actually been secretly seeing for months prior to their breakup. To rub her new relationship in his face all the more, Julie even brought her new beau into Andre’s upscale restaurant a few times. 
Being the prudent businessman that he was, Andre gladly took their money with a smile. 
Every. 
Single. 
Time. 
Business was business in his book. He’d deal with the affairs of his heart at home. 
Two months ago, Andre heard that Julie had left town with her new beau. Though he was glad his relationship with her was over, he often wondered how he could have been so wrong about her. How Julie could have slipped under his radar.
That single experience taught Andre to be much more discerning in his next romantic relationship. As the attributes that he wanted his next woman to possess began to form in his mind, that same mind decided to settle back upon Cindy.
Like Cindy, Andre’s next woman would have to be easy to talk to, honest and understanding. She would also have to be a giver, also like Cindy, whose middle name should have been ‘charity’ on account of her giving heart. 
As Andre thought more about Cindy, he found that it comforted him that those aspects of her personality were still the same. He even liked most of the things that had changed about her. Yet there were some differences in Cindy that deeply disturbed him. 
For instance, her smile. It bothered Andre that Cindy’s smile never quite reached up to her soulful eyes anymore. That her dark brown pools remained sad no matter how much the corners of her mouth turned upward.
What did that green-eyed rascal do to her? Andre wondered, not only angry with Charles for mistreating his friend, but finding himself jealous that the other man had had Cindy at all. 
Now Andre was really confused. When did he start being jealous of Charles?
As he prepared to leave Mavis’ street, Andre turned left instead of right, deciding to take the long way home. He had a lot to think about. These new feelings towards Cindy had to be sorted out. A long drive just might help make that sorting process go all the more smoother. Faster, too, since Andre wanted to bring some clarity to the situation quick and in a hurry…for both of their sakes.  

Chapter 3
Mavis and the kids showed Cindy to the guest bedroom.  That was where she would reside for the duration of her stay with them.
Like the rest of the house, the guest bedroom contained numerous hardwood pieces. It sported a queen-sized sleigh bed accented with hand-carved details and a pecan-colored veneer inlay. There were about six beige and white pillows of various shapes and sizes atop a matching comforter. On the nightstand sat a private telephone and an antique lamp.
The two tall bay windows in the room were complemented by white vertical blinds. Through those blinds, the evening sunlight poured freely into the room, beckoning Cindy’s healing to begin in full force.
“I love this room, Mavis. It’s wonderful.” Cindy sighed with pleasure at her lovely surroundings. She hugged her sister in gratitude.
“I’m glad. Eric and I redid it after your last visit. We thought this would be the best room for you during your stay. I hope you decide to stay for awhile, Cindy. Not only because I need your help with the kids, but because we just love having you around.” Mavis released her sister and walked over to the lamp to turn it on. It would be dark out soon.
“Thanks, sis. I think I need to be here, too. Around family that loves me and accepts me for me.” Cindy’s eyes suddenly grew very serious.
Mavis instantly saw the change in her sister’s countenance and responded accordingly. “Uh…kids, go watch TV for a bit. I need to talk to your auntie alone.” 
As the children reluctantly, but obediently left the room, Mavis pulled Cindy towards the bed to sit down. “Now tell me what happened to you down there in Florida. I want to hear everything.” Her voice was gentle and caring as she spoke.
At first Cindy was going to gloss over her pain, but being in such a loving environment prompted her to bear her soul. Finally she could open up to someone she trusted. Someone that she knew would love her no matter what.
Mavis listened attentively as Cindy told her how Charles used to constantly put her down whenever she tried to move outside of the suffocating emotional box he’d created for her. How he’d cheated on her for years and how he even had the nerve to blame her for his adulterous behavior. Cindy cried as she revealed how she always felt as if she had to earn his love by doing what he wanted or expected of her. 
“Charles used to make me feel as if it was a privilege to be his wife. That he could have any woman he wanted and that I should be glad he chose me,” Cindy continued. As she spoke, she involuntarily popped the knuckles on her hands, a nervous act she hadn’t done since she was fifteen. 
Years ago, Cindy sat in her room doing the same exact thing to her knuckles. Back then she’d been waiting up for her older sister to come home from a date with a football jock named Floyd Jenkins. The same Floyd Jenkins that had a bad reputation for ‘loving them and leaving them’. 
Since personal cell phones were not in vogue for teenage use back then, Cindy had no way to get in touch with Mavis to check on her. After three hours of worrying, she finally got up the nerve to wake their parents and tell them about Mavis missing her eleven o’clock curfew. Cindy shared her fears about her older sister possibly being hurt or in trouble.
As it turned out, Mavis had been in trouble that night. Floyd had put her out on the side of a lonely dark road, out in the middle of nowhere. The jerk left Mavis to find her own way home because she refused to have sex with him, rejecting the opportunity to become another notch on his teenage libido’s belt.
Knowing Floyd’s address, Cindy led her parents to his house. After begging her father not to throttle Floyd since they needed him conscious to tell them what happen to Mavis and after restraining her mother from bringing the police into the matter, Cindy finally got the scared young man to reveal where he’d left her sister. 
Instead of being angry at Cindy, Mavis had been extremely grateful. And despite the fact that she received the scolding of her life for choosing Floyd simply for his outer appearance instead of his inner qualities, she was more than happy to be spared that long walk home in the cold dark night.
Tonight Mavis was extremely angry, yet once again not at Cindy. She was mad with Charles. “That green-eyed, two-timing monster. He should have been glad to have someone like you!” Mavis shot out, brimming with fury after hearing all the horrible things her ex-brother-in-law had done to her sister.
“I agree, sis,” Cindy replied, rising to her feet as nervous energy settled into her body. “I think he stayed with me for as long as he did, because I made him look good among his peers,” she said as she paced the floor.
“I figured as much. But I don’t understand why you stayed with him for so long. Especially after he tricked you into signing that pre-nup a week before your wedding day. I mean, to tell you that you’re signing the deed to the house, knowing full well that some of those forms contained a prenuptial agreement was just plain cold-hearted,” Mavis said with a deep frown.
“I know I should have left Charles then, but I just couldn’t,” Cindy replied, briefly pausing from her pacing. “I still loved him and I felt so embarrassed by my stupidity. I also didn’t want Mom and Dad to be right. I wanted to prove them wrong about him. About us.” She shrugged and returned to her pacing. “And then Charles apologized and started treating me like such a queen that I soon lowered my defenses and forgave him about the pre-nup thing. He not only expressed deep sorrow about the way he’d presented the papers to me, but he told me that he only did it because his wealthy family pressured him into protecting his and their financial interests.” 
At the time, Charles’ explanation had made perfect sense to Cindy, who found it easy to believe anything negative about the Kirklands. Even now she could still recall how snobbish his family had been towards her. 
The Kirklands were always making subtle remarks about Cindy’s complexion, saying ridiculous things like ‘you’re cute to be so black’ to remind her of how different she was from the rest of them. In fact, she’d been the darkest in-law in the family. This was largely due to the fact that the predominantly light-skinned Kirkland clan tended to marry other same skin toned persons. In their eyes, Cindy’s only redeeming quality had been the long, straight black hair her Korean heritage afforded her. 
Instead of being angry with them, Cindy had felt sorry for them. She often wondered what had happened to make the Kirklands despise such a very important part of their own heritage. Their emphasis on her hair was one reason she’d kept it cut short. Charles had been another. He liked it short. 
Now that Cindy thought about it, her ex-husband had seemed to take a perverted form of pleasure in irritating his family with little things like that. Yet on the surface, he appeared to go along with them.
Maybe that’s why he married me, Cindy mused hotly, wishing that she could erase the last six years from her memory altogether.
“Why didn’t he just tear the papers up after you confronted him?” Mavis probed, trying to pull her sister out of her deep thoughts. Cindy needed to purge herself, not hold this mess in even longer to fester and cause unnecessary problems later on. 
“Stupid me,” Cindy replied, pausing from her pacing again. “I’m the one who kept Charles from tearing them up. I wanted to prove to him that I loved him, not his money or position in the community,” she explained. “I really loved Charles and he betrayed me time and time again. All I have left now is the house,” she concluded tearfully, sitting back on the bed with a plop. A sad sigh escaped her lips.
Mavis handed her a tissue from the nightstand’s floral box and waited for a moment while her sister collected herself. “Well, what are you going to do with it? The house, I mean.” 
“Sell it, I guess. I certainly don’t want it now,” Cindy resigned, dabbing at her eyes with the tissue. She hated when her eyes got all puffy. Besides, hadn’t they been worked enough already today?
“I suggest you let Mom process the sell for you. You know how good she is with real estate. She can sell anything. Florida property usually goes pretty fast anyway and that gorgeous house you own ought to make you a pretty penny.” Mavis’ advice was two-fold. She wanted Cindy to have funds to reestablish herself, but she also wanted to help her sister remove all traces of that fair-skinned, wavy-haired beast she’d been married to from her life.
“That’s a great idea. When will they be back in town?” Cindy was feeling increasingly better by the minute.
“Tomorrow night. I’ll go over there with you. You all can work out the details then,” Mavis replied, suddenly reminded of the fact that she forgot to water their mother’s plants today.
“Thanks, Mavis. Once again you’re right on the mark. I love you, big sis,” Cindy said with a hug.
“Love you too, little sis. Now get some rest.” Mavis gently returned the hug, before leaving the room. 
That’s exactly what Cindy did when she was alone – rest. She hadn’t slept that good in years. 
Meanwhile Mavis and the kids made a quick trip over to grandmom and granddad’s house. They had some plants to tend to.
Chapter 4
The next morning, Cindy awakened feeling extremely refreshed. Lighter. Relieved even. That surprised her. 
Cindy thought she was supposed to miss Charles way more than this. Or at least experience some kind of withdrawal symptoms from their relationship. So far none of that had happened.
I guess he did me a favor by divorcing me, Cindy mused as she went to take a quick shower.
That talk with Mavis had done her an even bigger favor. It helped her to discern the blessing of being set free from a bad marriage, a self-centered man, and finally the shame of having played the fool for far too long.  
* * *
After her shower, Cindy dressed in a pair of lemon-lime sweats, pulled her hair up into a lime-green scrunchie and went down for breakfast.
She looks good and rested. That’s a good sign, Mavis mused, briefly looking up from her culinary task to smile at her sister. 
“Hi, sleepyhead,” Mavis rang out, before returning her focus to the five miniature pancakes on the flat griddle in front of her. 
One, two, three, four, and five – Mavis flipped them all in perfect succession. All were golden brown with no black streaks on either side. She smiled at her accomplishment.
“Auntie Cindy, come sit by me,” Little Eric (aka Eric Jr.) said, making room for her at the white breakfast nook that he and his sister sat at. 
“Sure thing,” Cindy replied, causing her nephew to smile with joy. She smiled at him in return, silently noting how much he and his sister looked like both of their parents.  
Little Eric had his mother’s mahogany skin and his father’s thick eyebrows and curly hair. Ashley’s coloring was the same, except she had her mother’s long straight black hair. They were beautiful children inside and out. Cindy loved them dearly.
“Auntie Cindy, Mommy’s making mini-cakes today. They’re our favorites,” Ashley said with a mouth full of syrupy bread. Her little cheeks were shiny from where buttery fingers had touched them. 
Mavis turned to glare at her daughter. “Don’t talk with your mouth full, little girl,” she scolded semi-playfully.
Ashley immediately put her hands in front of her mouth. “Yes, Mommy,” she mumbled out with a sheepish grin.
“Too funny.” Cindy laughed at their exchange as she took her seat. “By the way, where is Eric? I didn’t get a chance to see him last night.”
“He’s at another medical convention. He’ll be back on Sunday,” Mavis replied with a wistful sigh, revealing how much she missed her husband. “Anyway, don’t just sit there watching others eat. Grab a plate and get your own grub on. The bacon is over there on the right, eggs to your left. Snatch up as many of these pancakes as you want. By the way, I always cook pancakes on Saturdays. During the weekdays the kids eat hot or cold cereal, so I try to make Saturdays a special treat.” Mavis flipped another batch of pancakes and then reached for her glass of juice on the counter.
“Mmm...don’t mind if I do,” Cindy said, getting up to fix her plate. When she was done, she popped a slice of bacon into her mouth and then turned to face her niece. “See how this looks when I talk with my mouth full of food?” Each chew was exaggerated, meant to make a point. 
“Ooo…gross, Auntie. Yuck!” The pony-tailed youngster squealed. “I get the picture now.” Ashley’s nose wrinkled with displeasure while Little Eric laughed.
“I thought you would,” Cindy said, winking at Mavis before sitting back down beside her nephew. 
Mavis only smiled as she continued to sip her juice. Cindy is a trip. Still lovable as ever. She obviously hasn’t lost her sense of humor, she mused, thinking that that was another good sign.
* * *
Later at their parents’ house, Cindy, Mavis, and the kids assembled in the spacious black and white living room. They were ready to discuss a little business and hopefully engage in a bit of healthy family fellowship afterwards. 
On the striped fabric sofa, Cindy sat with Little Eric between her knees as he busily played with a red and white action figure on the floor. Ashley sat with Granddaddy Michael in the black leather recliner. A brown Barbie doll was in her hands.
“Cindy, I’m glad to see that you’re letting your hair grow back. That short cut didn’t accent your heart-shaped face at all,” Wilma observed warily as a frown creased her nut-brown forehead. 
Mrs. Bloom had always worn her own jet-black hair straight and long, the same way she’d kept her girls’ hair when they were growing up. That ritual had been done as a testament to their Korean heritage. That frown Wilma wore now revealed how much she disapproved of Cindy breaking with that tradition.
“I know, Mom.” Cindy sighed with irritation. It was no use telling her mother the real reasons she’d kept it short. That would only spark off another argument about Charles and she didn’t come over here for that. She came here for help.
“Uh...Mom,” Mavis quickly intervened, seeing the look of remorse roll across their mother’s face and the look of irritation on Cindy’s. They needed to handle some business first. They could tackle the hard emotional stuff later.
“Cindy needs help selling her house,” Mavis continued. “We wanted to ask you to oversee the sale. Hopefully get Cindy a nice little starting over package out of it.”
Wilma’s eyes instantly lit up at the very thought of selling real estate, revealing just how much she loved her work. For the moment she forgot all about the rift between her and Cindy.  
“Sure, I can help my baby girl sell her house,” Wilma said, sending her youngest child a warm look now. “Be glad to do it, too. It’s a great piece of property as I recall. Let me think.” She began to tap her right index finger on her chin as she thought out loud. “That large brick ranch home has a twenty by forty swimming pool, two-car garage, three bedrooms, two baths with granite counters, and oak and tile floors. Right, Cindy?”
“Uhm…yes, Mom. How can you remember all that? You've only been there…what? Twice in the last six years?” Cindy marveled at her mother’s photographic memory.
“Cindy, once is all it takes for me. After two visits, I can draw the floor plans of a given house in my sleep,” Wilma said confidently. “Now my best estimate is that you’ll probably be able to get six figures for your house,” she continued, putting to use some of the new appraisal tips she’d learned on a recent business trip.
“Is my woman good or what?” Michael piped in, laughing with pride. “Cindy, don’t worry. Your house will be sold within a month tops.” He paused, briefly looked at Wilma and then looked at Cindy again. His mahogany-skinned face and his tone were now serious. “Also, baby girl, your mother and I want to apologize for not being there for you like we should have over the last few years. We should’ve never let our feelings towards Charles drive a wedge between our love and support for you. We won’t let that happen again, no matter who you marry next time. Please forgive us.” His dark brown eyes were sincere and glistened with unshed tears.
Looking from one parent to the other, Cindy saw genuine repentance. How could she not forgive them? Especially with her big burly father growing misty-eyed.
The former prize fighter had never cried in front of his children or hardly anyone else for that matter. To Cindy’s knowledge, her father had only shed tears twice in his life. Both times had been after the birth of his daughters. 
Sighing with enormous relief, Cindy joyfully jumped up and gave both parents a big hug and a kiss. “I love you guys.” 
This turned out well, Cindy mused as her hopes rose for everything else in her life to fall into place, too.
* * *
As the red minivan made its way back to Mavis’ house, Cindy and her sister had another heart-to-heart talk. 
“That visit went smoother than I thought it would,” Cindy spoke softly, careful not to wake the sleeping children that were buckled up in the backseat.
“Yes, it did,” Mavis said, looking briefly at her sister. “You know Mom and Dad never stopped loving you. They just didn’t like your husband, that’s all.” She returned her eyes to the road. “I never told you this, but Mom had a problem with the way Charles was always primping, looking at his reflection every chance he got.” Mavis smirked. “I had issue with that, too. Especially after I caught him staring at his reflection in one of my long dinner knives. I knew then that Charles had an elephant sized ego.” She chuckled.
“Yes, he did.” Cindy laughed, recalling how long it took Charles to get ready to go anywhere. How they usually had to start getting ready two hours in advance because he never could decide what to wear. How the outfits she’d laid out for him were never good enough, even though he was the one that asked her to lay them out in the first place. 
“Dad didn’t like Charles, because the man always wanted you to wait on him hand and foot, like you were his maid or something,” Mavis continued to share. “You had to cook everyday, whether he came home for dinner on time or not. Clean the house from top to bottom everyday, even though he worked against your efforts by dropping his clothes where he took them off and wouldn’t even wash a dish behind himself.”
“I did those things out of love, Mavis,” Cindy said, glancing out of the side window to chase pending blues away. The calming street lights reminded her of a Christmas tree, except all of those bulbs were white. Only the tri-colored traffic signal lent any varying hues to the dark residential street. 
“I know you did,” Mavis replied. “I cook and clean for my husband for that reason, too. And we both know that Mom does that kind of stuff for Dad. So understand that there was nothing wrong with what you did. But rather it was the way Charles reacted to what you did that was so infuriating. He didn’t appreciate your acts of love and consideration, Cindy. It’s like he expected you to do those things for him regardless of how he treated you in return. As if it was your duty or your only significance in this world. Like none of the other things about you mattered.” Mavis frowned at the thought of what else her sister must have endured over the last six years, things that she might never tell them.
Cindy turned to her with a nod. “You’re right, sis. I just never gave voice to those things before. I’m glad somebody finally did. Was there anything else you guys disliked about Charles?” she asked, wanting to get all the sticky stuff with her family out in the open and dealt with so that she could move on with her life even faster.
“Yes. None of us liked how he refused to see you as his equal.” Mavis’ neck muscles tensed with anger at the memory of her sister’s inequitable marriage. Her hands tightened on the burgundy steering wheel. “It’s like Charles completely forgot that you had a college degree, were working as a local news reporter, and were living independently before he ever met you. Even if he did remember those things, he acted as if he couldn’t rest until he’d reduced you to full servitude.” Mavis glanced at her sister again. “Cindy, being a wife means being an equal. Remember, Eve came out of Adam’s side, not his foot. In short, your husband should have done those benevolent things for you sometimes.”
“You’re right again, Mavis.” Cindy nodded again. “I see now where I missed it in my marriage in that area. Yes, I tried to emulate how Nana and Mom catered to their husbands’ needs. I forgot how Grandpa and Dad returned those deeds with outward signs of appreciation and respect. How they all acted like true teams in their marriages. Is that how you and Eric are, Mavis?” 
At the mere mention of Eric’s name, Mavis relaxed from her previous tense position. Her hands involuntarily loosened on the steering wheel. “Yes, and that’s just one of the reasons I’m still so crazy about that man,” Mavis acknowledged with a love-struck look upon her face as she returned her eyes to the road ahead. “I can’t wait for Eric to get home tomorrow. Speaking of tomorrow, will you be able to watch the kids for me?”
“Yep,” Cindy said, quickly agreeing to her first babysitting gig. “I know you guys are going to want to be alone for a while.” She chuckled knowingly.
“You got that right,” Mavis said, fanning herself with her left hand, while keeping the right one on the steering wheel. The very thought of her fine husband got her excited. Very, very excited. 
Hurry home, baby, Mavis mused, lowering the driver’s side window slightly to further ventilate her hot body.
Cindy snickered beside her, fully aware of her sister’s current state of being. “Here, let me help you out,” she said, starting to fan Mavis with her purse.
“Thanks, girl. Every little bit helps.” Mavis chuckled as they continued on their way.
* * *
Later that night, Cindy lay in bed and placed a call to Andre. She told him about everything that transpired since they last talked. Towards the end of the conversation she disclosed her plans for the next day. 
“I’m going to church tomorrow, are you?” Cindy asked, pulling the covers up to her midriff. She felt a delicious yawn forming in her throat, a yawn that promised another night of sweet sleep. She looked forward to it.
Andre sat upright in his bed at Cindy’s question. It had pierced his heart and now echoed in his soul. Are you? Are you? he heard in his innermost being. 
It had been a long time since Andre had been to church. Too long. He felt ashamed of himself. After all, he was the child of missionaries. Active missionaries at that, who traveled extensively to foreign countries six to seven months out of every year.
While Andre’s parents were out spreading the Gospel to un-churched nations, back home their two sons were allowing the world and the pressures thereof to steer them in the opposite direction. Besides that, his parents were scheduled to be the guest speakers tomorrow, a fact that he forgot all about.
Andre hung his head in shame as he cradled the phone against his ear and silently repented. Finally he said, “Yes, I’ll be there, Cindy.”
“Good, I guess I’ll see you then.” Cindy yawned again; completely oblivious to what Andre had to go through to come to that answer. “Goodnight, Dre.”
“Night, Cindy.” Then Andre flipped the television from the basketball game to a station that broadcast Christian programming. He suddenly had the urge to hear some words of inspiration. 
Chapter 5
On Sunday morning, Cindy and her family went to church. They were eager to hear what Andre’s parents had to share with their local congregation. 
Seasoned missionaries, Timothy and Doreen Wells always had plenty of stories to share about their travels. Stories about how God delivered them out of all kinds of frightening situations overseas. About how He protected them from all kinds of menacing people who hated Christians and anything that had to do with Christianity. 
Besides wanting to hear their latest missionary tales, Cindy just wanted to see Andre’s parents again. She hadn’t seen them in at least three or four years. 
Timothy Wells Sr. was a very handsome man with graying side burns against his smooth mocha skin. Looking at him gave Cindy a clear vision of how Andre and his brother Tim Jr. would look in twenty years since they both looked a lot like their father. Although the brothers didn’t resemble their mother very much, Andre and Tim did have her kind eyes. 
Besides her caring ebony eyes, Doreen Wells had bronze skin, salt and pepper hair, and a face that exuded compassion. It was no wonder that she and her equally compassionate husband excelled on the mission field. In fact, they were both highly esteemed people in the impoverished countries they ministered in.
As Timothy continued to stand at the podium with his wife beside him, he brought his uplifting speech to a satisfactory end. “In conclusion, whether you’re out on the mission field or not, it’s so important to have someone that you love and that loves you back at your side and on your side.” Then he smiled over at his wife and added, “Thanks for being with me all the way, beautiful lady.”
“You’re welcome,” Doreen replied. 
When Timothy hugged his tearful wife, the audience broke into encouraging applause. Some stood to their feet in honor of the couple that had blessed them so much this morning with their inspirational words and genuine display of true partnership. 
As Timothy released his wife, he instinctively scanned the crowd in search of the rest of his family. It pleased him to see his two sons in attendance today. However, only one of them was standing. The other remained in his seat, looking like he was in a daze. It was the baby boy – Andre.
I wonder what’s on his mind today, Timothy mused, noticing the expression of pure elation on his youngest son’s face. Then as he followed Andre’s gaze, the wise man quickly found his answer - Cindy.
* * *
Andre and Cindy didn’t clap or stand as their eyes searched for and found each other across the crowded congregation. For a moment there, they seemed to be lost in their own little world. His eyes caressed her face. Her eyes caressed his. 
Suddenly, the connection was broken when Ashley tugged on Cindy’s red dress sleeve and rose up in her seat to whisper in her aunt’s ear. “Auntie Cindy, I need to go to the little girls’ room.”
Cindy blinked rapidly to refocus herself. Then she quietly got up and slipped away with her niece to the restroom right before the pastor returned to the podium and concluded today’s program.
* * *
After church, Cindy and her family went out to eat at the upscale restaurant that Andre privately owned. Through this establishment, he serviced a completely different clientele from the ones he encountered while working at his parents’ fast-food barbecue chain.
Although Andre loved working in the food service business as a whole, he preferred the more relaxed atmosphere that fine dining offered. That was one of his main reasons for eventually branching off on his own.
Wilma and Doreen, who were the best of friends, spent much of their meal time catching up on each other’s lives. Michael and Timothy did the same thing while Andre went to check on things in the kitchen. That left Tim Jr., his dimpled-faced girlfriend of two years - Neisha Sage, Mavis, Cindy, and the kids to occupy themselves. 
Cindy’s group really didn’t mind being left to themselves though. The Wells and Bloom children had always gotten along well together.
Some time after the strawberry shortcake was served, Timothy made a trip to the back to see his missing-in-action son. Andre was seated at his desk with a half-eaten plate of steak and a vegetable medley in front of him. He was going through some paperwork.
“Son, enough of that. You’re neglecting your family,” Timothy said as he sat down in the black leather chair across from his son. 
Andre looked up and smiled. “I’m sorry, Dad. It’s kind of hard to just be a customer in your own place.” He closed the blue notebook and picked up his fork again. 
“I know.” Timothy chuckled, recalling his own days as a hands-on restaurateur. 
Andre suddenly moaned in pleasure. Blame it on that generous helping of steak and vegetables he just inserted in his mouth. “This is really good,” he said after swallowing. “The steak is tender. The vegetables are crisp. Everything is seasoned to perfection. I’ll have to commend Chef Raymond on the excellent job he did today.” Andre looked up at his father and asked, “How was your meal?”
Timothy smiled. “Fine. All of our meals were fine,” he replied as his son took in another generous helping of food. “But I didn’t come in here to talk about food. I came to talk about you and Cindy. It just occurred to me today at church what I’ve actually known for many years. You two are meant to be together. I really believe that Cindy’s supposed to be your wife, son.”
Andre stopped chewing mid-bite. “Dad, Cindy’s not ready for another relationship right now. She just got divorced, remember? Besides I still see her as a little sister,” he replied, even as the very thought of Cindy being his wife sent delicious shivers through him. Those shivers felt better than any meal he could have ever eaten.
Chuckling, Timothy leaned back in his chair with a knowing smile. “You’re right about Cindy not being ready for another relationship right now. Wrong about still seeing her as a little sister. The way you were looking at that girl in church today proved that fact to me once and for all.”
Andre swallowed the food in his mouth and yet remained silent. He was still too shocked that his growing attraction to Cindy had been so easily discerned…and in church of all places.
“Now when Cindy is ready for romance again, you need to be first in line to take her hand and show her what true love is all about,” Timothy continued. “You two have always been good together, Dre. Your mother and I think you’ll be even better together in marriage.”
Andre smiled. “How long have you and Mom been playing matchmaker?”
Timothy smiled, as well. “Since you became a man.” Suddenly his face and tone grew very serious. “But, son, remember that you must only have Cindy in marriage. Anything else is gonna cause you a whole lot of trouble. Besides, you and that wonderful girl out there deserve something much better than sex outside of marriage anyway.”
“I hear you,” Andre said, quietly pondering his father’s words. 
Timothy’s smile returned as he leaned forward in his chair. It was wider this time. “I’m pleased that you haven’t rejected the idea of being married to Cindy, just the timing,” Timothy replied. He just hoped Andre took his advice about all the other things he’d said.
* * *
That night Andre stopped by to take Cindy and the kids to a movie. As planned, this was Mavis and Eric’s night to be alone. 
The kids were happy to be going out with their aunt and Andre tonight. They talked excitedly about which film they would see while Cindy put the finishing touches on Ashley’s silky curls. When everybody was ready to go, Cindy and her happy brood rolled out to the theater in Andre’s vehicle.
On the ride to the movies, Cindy couldn’t help but notice how attractive Andre looked tonight. How casual, too.
Tonight Andre wore a green and white polo t-shirt with a pair of green Levi jeans. He’d also donned a pair of white sneakers tonight. 
“Since when did you start wearing sneakers? I thought you were Mr. GQ. Only dress shoes for you,” Cindy said, unable to resist teasing him about his casual attire.
“There you go again. I’m a versatile man, Cindy. Surely you know this by now,” Andre said, pretending to scold her as he guided the car into an open parking space at the theater’s expansive lot.
“I guess I don’t know as much about you as I thought I did. Perhaps you can fill me in on what I’ve missed,” Cindy countered, giving him a playful poke in the side.
“Ouch!” Andre said, faking his pain. “I’ll be glad to fill you in on everything you ever wanted to know about me…if you do the same,” he added, giving her a smile that was just as flirtatious as his last comment.
Cindy’s breath hitched at that smile and at his last statement. Was Andre flirting with her? If so, why did it thrill more than shock her?
* * *
After the movie, Andre went to get the car while Cindy and the kids waited at the curb. Just as he pulled the vehicle up to them, an elderly couple came walking out of the theater, holding hands and looking just as happy as they probably did on their wedding day. 
Walking by the car, the curious elderly woman made inquiry to the handsome man getting out of the driver’s side. “Is that your wife and kids, young man?”
“No, ma’am,” Andre answered politely, shutting the driver’s side door.
“Well, they should be, young blood,” the elderly man responded with a wink.
Andre winked back, smiled and nodded in agreement. 
A watching Cindy was stunned into silence at that exchange. She didn’t even notice that Andre had come around the car and held the door open for her, so that she and the kids could get settled inside. 
Back at the wheel, Andre couldn’t stop smiling, especially after seeing the surprised look on Cindy’s face. The elderly couple’s words had shocked her so much that her mouth was still hanging open and her eyes were still wide two minutes after the couple had gone. 
When Cindy still hadn’t blinked after another twenty seconds, Andre burst out laughing. He laughed so hard that he couldn’t crank up the car.
“Stop laughing, Dre. It ain’t that funny,” Cindy scolded. She wasn’t in a daze now as she playfully poked him in the side, which only made him laugh that much more. 
“Auntie Cindy, are you tickling Dre? I want a tickle, too,” Ashley chimed in from the backseat.
“Me, too! Me, too,” Eric added, eager to join in on the fun.
“Oh you do, do you?” Cindy replied. Then she undid her seatbelt and proceeded to tickle her niece and nephew in the backseat. 
With Cindy preoccupied, Andre unfastened his seatbelt and started tickling her. The car bounced lightly as the four people inside had a laughing frenzy, producing an abundance of laffy-taffy tears down happy cheeks. 
After a few more minutes of fun, Cindy came up for air with aching sides and a heart that was rapidly emerging from heartbreak. “Woo…I can’t take no more,” she said, wiping her damp eyes. She took in deep breaths to calm herself. When Cindy was able to speak again without laughing, she said, “Okay, you guys, it’s time to go get something to eat. Who wants McDonald’s?”
“I do, I do,” sang the kids in unison.
“Then Mickey D’s it is,” Andre said. Then after he and Cindy readjusted the youngsters in their seatbelts and refastened their own, they started on their way.
* * *
Over hamburgers and fries, Ashley wowed them with her extensive knowledge of Illinois history. She talked about the first Europeans arriving in the region in 1673, even pronouncing the French explorers’ names correctly - Louis Jolliet and Jacques Marquette. 
“Do you know how the state got its name?” Cindy asked, thoroughly impressed with her niece.
“Yes,” the smart eight-year-old girl replied with a smile. “The French settlers that came after Jolliet and Marquette named the region for the Illinois or rather Illini Indians that lived in the area.” Then Ashley disclosed that those same Indians had formed a group of united tribes and called themselves Iliniwek (meaning: superior men). And that the name Illinois came from the French settlers’ unique spelling and pronunciation of that Indian name.
Even more impressed by the intelligent child now, Andre and Cindy rewarded Ashley and a well-behaved Little Eric with ice cream sundaes afterward. Since they were such good babysitters, the two adults rewarded themselves with sundaes, too. 
Chapter 6
With the house all to themselves, Mavis proceeded to welcome Eric back home the right way. The first thing she did was give him the biggest, juiciest kiss he’d ever had as soon as he walked through the front door. 
Eric instantly pulled her closer and deepened the kiss. “Now that’s what I call a welcome home,” he said when the long kiss ended. “Got anymore where that came from?” he asked, running a hand through her waist-length silky hair.
Mavis chuckled. “Yes, but I have to feed you first, man,” she replied, withdrawing from him. “I cooked your favorite – Creole lime chicken and sautéed broccoli florets.”
“Oh, I’m hungry all right,” Eric replied, giving her a look that had nothing to do with food. “Hungry for you.” He pulled her into his embrace again.
Before Mavis knew it, she was lifted up in Eric’s strong arms, carried to the nearest sofa and inundated with his own unique brand of love. She relished each and every second of that love. Returned it with equal fervor.
When Eric’s appetite for her had been somewhat sated for the moment, Mavis led him to their private bathroom for a soothing bath. The meal that awaited them in the kitchen would have to wait. There were more important matters to take care of right now.
In the bathroom, Mavis took her time washing Eric’s body. He gladly returned the favor, lingering lovingly over her curves. Kisses abounded. There was no rushing this time.
After their bath, the couple retired to their candle-lit bedroom.  There Mavis pulled out her favorite scented oil, straddled the back of his legs, and began to massage her husband’s dark brown body. She was intent on relaxing every muscle he had. And he had a lot of them, too. 
Though Eric was a pediatrician, he didn’t believe that good health should stop at childhood. As a result, he kept his adult body healthy and strong by working out in his home gym whenever his schedule allowed. He sometimes worked out at his father-in-law’s boxing club. 
Staying in shape allowed Eric to keep up with his many young patients and also bring pleasure to his wife. Even now he heard her moans of pleasure as she massaged his rippling muscles. 
If that’s not enough motivation to stay fit, I don’t know what is, Eric mused with a smile after hearing yet another pleasurable moan from his wife’s lips.  
As Mavis continued massaging him, he thought about how much he loved her body, too. Her deep mahogany skin was scrumptious to look at and touch. Her small frame with its perky wineglass-size breasts, ample hips, and perfect Vidalia onion-shaped bottom were a man’s paradise. 
“Let me touch you now, baby.” Eric moaned deep in his throat, eager to trade places.
Complying with her husband’s wishes, Mavis lay on her stomach without being told, fully aware of his preferences. They were always like that with each other. Always anticipating the needs and desires of the other. 
Slowly pouring oil in a trail down Mavis’ back, Eric watched as the essence of the mixture sparkled from her mid-back to the tips of her generous derriere, which was a strong family trait shared by all the Bloom women. The oily trail beckoned him to touch her there, everywhere. 
As Eric gently massaged the oil into Mavis’ pores, he planted random kisses up and down her spine. He stopped briefly to kiss her in special places, causing her to moan and writhe beneath his touch.    
“I’m ready, baby,” Mavis moaned out, thrashing her body back and forth, lost in passion as she voiced her desire for consummation.
Immediate consummation!
“Are you sure?” Eric teased, knowing full well that she was.
“Oh, yes,” she purred in response. 
Soon they were joined with her back to his chest. Holding her close, Eric caressed Mavis’ soft skin in a soothing, loving manner. 
Slowly. Rhythmically, they moved together. 
Then faster and more sensually, leading to a series of wild, mind-blowing motions. 
Their intense conjugal beat, the feel of his wife’s soft body against him, and her heated response were enough to send Eric sailing over the edge. Yet he had to make sure that Mavis was satisfied first. He couldn’t get too caught up in his own pleasure and forget about hers. 
Forcing himself to regain some semblance of control, Eric slowed the pace all the way down. 
“No,” Mavis instantly protested. “Keep going,” she added, continuing to move her hips against him with lightning speed. 
More than willing to cooperate with her needs, Eric re-quickened the tempo with strong rhythms of love. Mavis squealed out her delight in response. It wasn’t two minutes later before they surrendered to ecstasy with simultaneous cries of release.
Moments later, husband and wife lay drained and sated in each other’s arms. Eric barely had enough energy to get out of bed to blow out the candles before sleep claimed them both. 
Awakening an hour later, Eric and Mavis quickly showered and ate their neglected meal. They wanted to be fully alert when Cindy and Andre returned with the kids.
* * *
Across town, Andre sat behind the wheel of his vehicle, silently wondering what it would be like to have Cindy as his wife. To have her as the mother of his children.
Based on how well they did with someone else’s children tonight, Andre could already tell that they would make a great parental team. Now he wondered how they would be as lovers. Even as those ponderings danced in his head, a lover’s song came on the radio. Andre began to sing along with it. 
In the passenger seat, Cindy faced forward again after checking on the sleeping kids in the backseat. In the background, she could hear Andre singing her favorite Luther Vandross’ tune – Superstar. He sounded great, almost like the originator of the song. 
I forgot how well Andre could sing, Cindy mused, enjoying his talent to the fullest as she relaxed her head against the headrest and closed her eyes. With his good looks and enormous talent, he could’ve made it big in the music business.
Waiting until after the song was over, Cindy opened her eyes and turned to Andre with inquiry. “Have you ever thought about singing professionally?”
“Yeah, I have,” Andre admitted, taking his eyes briefly off the road. “But I’m entirely too busy right now with the restaurant to do anything like that.” A smile spread across his face at the very thought of his business. A business that he jokingly called his ‘baby’ because it kept him up at all hours and because he was trying to raise it into the quality establishment it was always meant to be. 
Cindy smiled, too, noting how excited Andre was by his career. It made her long for the same thing. Made her want to feel the same way about a career some day. 
“Speaking of my restaurant, I’d like to invite you back for another free meal,” Andre continued, returning his eyes to the road ahead. “Just name the date and time and I’ll have my multi-talented chefs fix you anything you like, even if it’s not on the menu.”
“I’d like that.” Cindy’s smile widened. “I noticed that the place was pretty crowded in there on Sunday, so it must be doing quite well, huh? Mavis told me that you stay booked up for months in advance.”
“Yeah.” Andre nodded with a satisfied smile this time. “I worked very hard to build up my clientele. Hiring the right mixture of chefs, along with creating the right atmosphere is finally starting to pay off for me.” That smile drooped into a semi-frown. “Unfortunately, trying to hold all that together just keeps me too busy to pursue other things. It even stood in the way of my church attendance, but I plan on changing that real soon,” he said decisively.
“Good for you, Dre.”
“Thanks, Cindy,” Andre replied, turning the car down a quiet brightly-lit street. “I love this new subdivision. I might buy a home in this neighborhood one day.”
Cindy turned from looking at him to peruse the beautiful ranch style homes around her. “This does look like a great neighborhood to live in. In fact, I like that brick one over there with the double garage,” she said, pointing to a very nice house on the right. 
Then not wanting to stray too far from their previous conversation, Cindy made a suggestion. “Dre, maybe you can do both. Maybe you can have your restaurant and your music career.”
“What do you mean do both? How?” Andre asked, even though he couldn’t readily see how his current schedule could allow for such a thing.
“You could build a mini-stage in your restaurant and have musical talent, including yourself, sing there once a week or so. I think your patrons would love that. As usual, I’ll help out any way I can,” Cindy replied. “Besides, your voice is too terrific to keep to yourself. It needs to be shared with others. I’m thinking that you should even make a demo or something. That way people can take your wonderful voice back home with them when they leave the restaurant.”  
“Hmm…let me think about that, Cindy. You may have something there.” Then for the rest of the drive, Andre was silent, deep in thought. 
After dropping Cindy and the kids off and returning to his apartment, Andre thought even more about what she’d said. He finally came to the conclusion that her suggestion was a good way, no, a great way to enhance his business. 
Resting comfortably in his bed now with a legal pad and a pen in hand, Andre began to map out how to take his business to the next level. 
Cindy, you did it again. Always seeing the good in people and looking for ways to pull it out of them, Andre thought, pausing over his legal pad as he recalled that she’d been the reason he started Andre’s in the first place. 
Seven years ago, Cindy suggested that Andre start his own business. She laid out a convincing argument, highlighting how he’d successfully managed his parents’ fast-food chain while they were away and thus would just as successfully manage his own restaurant. How although his parents wanted at least one of their sons to establish another Wells Barbecue Heaven, they would not push either of them to do so. How his parents gave Tim their blessing to follow his own heart and become a lawyer. How they could be counted on to do the same thing with him. 
It was then that Andre decided to follow his own heart and open an upscale restaurant. One that would offer fine cuisine and eventually dancing. 
Dancing, Andre mused, quickly writing that word on his legal pad.
In his busyness, Andre had forgotten how he planned on incorporating dancing into his business, too. He’d been so focused on creating the perfect environment for fine dining, that he’d failed to accomplish the other goal he’d set forth. 
Right now, his restaurant filtered in mostly jazz and classical music through their intricate intercom system. To have live music and dancing would certainly give Andre’s an added edge over the competition. 
Cindy, I’m sure glad you’re home, girl, Andre couldn’t help thinking once again as his hands moved rapidly over the legal pad, sketching out a few changes he’d have to make to his restaurant’s floor plan. 
That night Andre slept better than he had in months. It was also the first night he had a sensual dream about Cindy, but certainly not the last.

Chapter 7
Over the next few weeks, things began to get very busy for Cindy. Between helping Mavis with the kids and collaborating with Andre on the restaurant renovations, she hardly had time to be depressed about her failed marriage. As a matter of fact, staying busy seemed to be therapeutic for her. 
Another form of therapy was being an eyewitness to marriage at its finest. Being around her parents again and also Mavis and Eric taught Cindy that a successful marriage was obtainable, but only if both partners worked at it with mutual love and respect. Seeing such great examples renewed her hope of having a good marriage of her own one day.
Cindy’s family wasn’t her only inspiration of hope these days. She was in constant amazement as Divine Providence seemed to allow one good thing after the other to come together for her. All were timely events.
The first good thing that happened to Cindy was the sell of her house. Wilma sold the Florida place within a month’s time, just like her husband said she would. She even sold all the furniture. 
Cindy agreed with her father’s earlier assessment - her mother was good at what she did. She made sure to tell Wilma that every chance she got. 
From the sale, Cindy received a sizable nest egg that afforded her the privilege of buying her own car – a beautiful teal-colored, four-door Pathfinder, and more than enough money to live off of while she decided what she wanted to do with the rest of her life.
Although Cindy was now able to buy her own place, Mavis still offered to extend her stay with them. She gladly accepted that offer. Cindy was having a ball helping her sister out with the kids. Plus, she saw the wisdom in keeping her living expenses low for the moment. 
Another good thing that occurred in Cindy’s life was a change in her church attendance. Out of gratitude for her many blessings, she began to regularly attend worship services again, a practice that she allowed to fall by the wayside while married to Charles. She even volunteered to work in the children’s ministry. 
With her wealth of creative ideas and efficient organizational skills, Cindy quickly became a favorite assistant. The kids and teachers alike loved the innovative things she did to help make learning the Bible fun. 
Through her gift of service, Cindy slowly began to feel whole again. Somehow she’d lost herself in Charles, in his career, in his agenda. Now that she’d found herself again, she was not letting go. 
Cindy even dropped her married name and reverted back to her beloved maiden name - Bloom. She wanted nothing that belonged to Charles Kirkland. Nothing at all.
* * *
It was now June. School was out and Cindy had the kids for most of the day while their parents worked. They had such fun together. For Cindy, it was almost like being a kid again herself.
 Almost by accident, Cindy stepped into the next phase of her life. In doing so, she stepped right into her destiny.
That destiny began to unveil itself one Monday morning when Mavis was heading out to work. Before she left, she asked Cindy to help her plan a party for Ashley’s upcoming ninth birthday. 
Cindy’s eyes lit up at that request. Her creative juices instantly stirred. Then she began to map out a spectacular birthday plan for her niece while Mavis was at work. 
Later that evening, Cindy showed that plan to her sister. She even put in the extra effort to print the plan out from the computer, complete with cost figures.
Mavis sat openmouthed the whole time Cindy talked, in awe of her sister’s creative mastery. Impressed by her diligence and efficiency. 
“Cindy, these are some great ideas you got here,” Mavis replied, after hearing the whole plan. “And it’s not going to cost a fortune, either. I think this can work, sister girl,” she added, looking down at the detailed computer printout. Her fingers drummed repetitiously on the table, the way they always did when she was doing mental calculations.
“You really like it?” Cindy asked, still a little unsure of herself. She poured herself another cup of iced tea from the clear plastic pitcher on the table they sat at.
“Do I like it?” Mavis looked up with a grin. “I love it! Cindy, you have a true gift here. I think you should consider doing this kind of thing for a living. You know, event planning. I think that’s what they call it,” she gushed out excitedly.
“Yes, that’s what they call it. Party planning is another name for it.” Cindy smiled at her sister’s excitement. It was contagious. 
“Well, then that’s what you should be then, an event/party planner,” Mavis replied in that same lively tone. “This detailed report right here is proof positive of that,” she continued, pointing to the document in question. “From our short conversation this morning, you already have the theme worked out, the cost figures calculated and the expected attendance, just everything. I do believe you’ve found your niche, baby sis.” 
“Maybe you’re right. Event planning certainly comes easy for me and I can’t deny that I actually get a rush out of doing it. It’s an even bigger thrill than those I get from completing one of my many five hundred-piece puzzles,” Cindy replied, getting excited at the very prospect of making this her new career choice. “Even so, I do have some reservations. After all, I went to college for something totally different than event planning. Plus, I don’t know if there’s even a market for such a business in or around Dayspring.” 
Cindy knew that her hometown wasn’t a big metropolis like the northeastern city of Chicago that nearly everything in Illinois revolved around. On the contrary, Dayspring was a southern city near the Shawnee Hills, or the Illinois Ozarks as they were sometimes called. That region was an area of valleys, woods, river bluffs, and forested hills unlike the rest of the state’s gently rolling plains.   
“We’re not as rural as some of the smaller cities around us,” Mavis countered. “Plus, our large service industry and agricultural workforce certainly appears to love fine dining and partying. How else could places like Andre’s restaurant and all these social clubs in the area be doing so well? Which means those who love to party are likely to hire party planners.” She pointed to her sister and added, “You could be the party planner they hire, sis.”
“If you say so.” Cindy shrugged, still having her doubts.
“Listen, baby sis, this is your thing. I just know it,” Mavis encouraged. “Look at how well you planned events for your ex-husband’s company. You made that man look good in more ways than one. Now it’s time to put that energy into doing things for yourself. Things, that I should add, that you already enjoy doing. Remember how you encouraged me to become an accountant when you realized that I was more interested in doing math problems, than reading those sappy romance novels you used to love,” Mavis persisted.
“Hey, hey now. I still love those sappy romance novels. I got a box full of them under the bed in my room now,” Cindy said in mock defense before taking a sip of her drink.
“Anyway.” Mavis rolled her eyes and continued. “Just think about it. From just looking at these plans, I know this party’s going to be a big hit. You have all the elements of success here.” She pointed to the printout again with confidence.
“I promise to think long and hard about it. It would do my heart good to get paid for doing the things I love. Just like you do, big sister,” Cindy said, reaching across the table to pinch Mavis’ full cheeks. “Thanks for the pep talk. I love having so many good people in my corner.”
“You’re welcome.” Mavis smiled. “Speaking of good people in your corner. Have you talked to Dre today?”
“Several times. Why?” Cindy replied, inwardly puzzled by the fact that she hadn’t spoken to him nearly enough to satisfy her soul today. 
“One more time won’t hurt,” Mavis said, moving to get the house phone. “I want to see what he has to say about you being an event planner.”
Cindy rolled her eyes upwards. “Uh-oh, here comes the old double team approach. What part of ‘I’ll think about it’ you didn’t understand?” She chuckled, not put off by Andre being pulled into the discussion at all. Cindy wanted to share her decision-making process with him. Wanted to hear his input. Wanted to…
Just hear the sound of his voice again. 
Chapter 8
Ashley’s party had ‘Huge Success’ written all over it just as her mother predicted it would. Although efficiently staying within the budget Mavis gave her, Cindy obviously went all out for today’s event. Due to the hot weather and the fact that they had a large in-ground pool at the house, she chose an ideal tropical island theme for the party.   
Forty-five minutes before the party started, Cindy took Mavis on a thorough tour of the party area. Outside there were rainbow tissue ball ornaments aligning the gate entrance. Aloha banners hung across every doorway where the children and adults would be allowed to enter. Doors without them were off limits to all guests. 
There were plastic aloha aprons for the chaperones that Cindy recruited from church. She even had a chaperone stationed at the front door to greet everyone that came with rainbow flower leis.
In the kitchen sat tables of food that Andre prepared with his very own hands, once again showing his support for Cindy. Each table was adorned with tropical jungle tablecloths. There were turkey franks and burgers heating in the stainless steel chafers. Potato salad and fruit slices were chilling in the cooler, and bowls of various types of chips were purposely placed in very accessible areas. 
On the dessert table lay platters of baked goodies, including Cindy’s favorite - gingerbread squares. Upon a small table by itself sat Ashley’s beautiful palm tree birthday cake. For the adults, Andre fixed Thai beef with chopped cilantro, peanuts, and red onions. This way, no one was neglected.
As for the drinks, the kitchen counters contained an arrangement of multi-colored plastic pineapple and coconut-shaped cups for the kids. Clear acrylic hurricane glasses with colored bases were for the adults. Even the utensils were in line with the tropical theme. There were colorful plastic hula-girl forks, flamingo spoons, and palm tree knives nesting beside bright tropical napkins. In a far corner of the kitchen sat a big box full of fish-shaped gift bags with assorted toys and treats inside. 
By the time they finally made it out to the pool area, Mavis was utterly impressed. She couldn’t believe how well everything flowed together. But the tour still wasn’t over yet. There was more to be seen outside, too. 
Decorated on the fence surrounding the pool was functional red and white life preservers. An abundance of inflated fish-shaped flotation devices were overflowing out of another huge box near the sliding door entrance. 
That girl must have spent hours blowing those things up, Mavis reasoned as she looked through the box. 
She was half-right. Thanks to a portable pump, it had only taken Cindy an hour to inflate those items. But still she’d loved every minute of it.
“All children will be required to wear these on their arms or around their waists, whether they get in the pool or not. This is for their own safety,” Cindy said, pointing to the box of flotation devices. “The box next to it contains the pool games.” She turned and pointed to the pool. “And those strings of palm tree lights over there are separating the shallow end of the pool from the deep end.”
“Baby sis, it looks like you’ve thought of everything.” Mavis smiled with a nod, even more impressed with her sibling. There was no doubt in her mind that her sister had definitely found her calling.
Cindy walked over to the stereo. “Almost everything, but not quite. I forgot to put on the music.” 
When she turned the stereo system on, authentic Luau aloha music flooded the air, immediately turning Mavis’ pool area into a bonafide Luau scene. The strong cadence of the Hawaiian, Caribbean conga, and Jamaican Reggae music drew those that were in the house out to where they were.
Eric, Andre, and the two Lakey kids came running to the pool area when they heard the music cue up. When they got there, they saw Mavis and Cindy dancing, trying to do the hula. 
The kids laughed and joined in. Ashley tried to do the hula like her mother and auntie. Little Eric pretended to be a surfer on a large Pacific Ocean wave. The two men just stood back and watched. 
Eric Sr. observed his beautiful wife moving her hips and swaying side to side. His loins stirred within him at that sight. Conjugal need tugged at his insides. 
Eric could hardly wait for the party to start now. The sooner it started, the sooner it would be over. The sooner the party was over, the sooner he and Mavis could go deliciously to bed and enjoy the wonders of matrimony again.
Beside Eric, Andre was equally stirred, except by Cindy. It was as if a light had come on somewhere in the recesses of his mind. That light illuminated the fact that Andre was in love with Cindy. Deeply in love. Ant that he was extremely attracted to her. The rapid changes in his body confirmed that fact. 
I’m in love with Cindy, Andre mused, finally admitting that truth to himself as he stared at her dancing frame in the pink flamingo chemise dress she wore. But when did this happen? he wondered.
Andre didn’t have the answer to that question, but he did know that his father had seen this moment coming months, probably even years ago. I wonder who else knows how I feel, he mused, tearing his ebony eyes away from Cindy’s beauty as he went back inside to think.
* * *
For the rest of the party, Andre moved about in a daze. Having so many people around did little to snap him out of it. Every glimpse of Cindy in that pink dress, every whiff of her pineapple perfume, drove him that much closer to telling her how he felt. 
As the multitude of youngsters and adults sang Happy Birthday to the beaming little girl in the Raffia hula skirt and silk flower leis, Andre’s gaze met Cindy’s across the room. That’s when he knew that his fate had been sealed. Cindy was the one for him. The only one.
I wonder if there’s even a sliver of a chance that she feels the same way about me, Andre mused, looking forward to finding out.
After the party, Andre gladly helped with the cleanup. He soon found himself dazzled by Cindy’s innate ability to delegate as she recruited help from the remaining adults present and even some of the children. In no time flat, all traces of the pool party were neatly folded, deflated and/or tucked away for another joyous occasion. 
Later, as Eric and Mavis carried their sleepy kids to bed, Andre took that time to reload his car with the serving wares he’d brought over today. When he was finished, he came back inside looking for Cindy. He couldn’t leave without trying to talk to her alone. With all other guests gone by now, the likelihood of that happening was very high. 
Andre found Cindy resting on a lounge chair out by the pool. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was even as if in sleep. At first he thought of turning away and leaving, but when he saw how stiff Cindy looked in that chair, he decided to stay.  
Bending down beside her, Andre began to massage the tension out of Cindy’s neck. He wanted to help her relax.
Feeling male hands on her, Cindy slowly opened her tired eyes. “Oh, it’s you, Dre. I thought you left already.” 
Oh, baby, I couldn’t leave without talking to you one more time, without touching you, Andre’s heart screamed, but his mouth only said, “You look tired.”
That was a stupid thing to say. Of course she looks tired. She just finished dealing with thirty plus active kids. Get it together, Dre, he scolded himself.
“Yeah, I am. But it’s a good kind of tired though,” Cindy said, sitting up. Grabbing Andre’s hands, she gave them a fond squeeze before releasing them. “Come sit with me, Dre.” Cindy patted the space beside her as she made room for him on the big sturdy chair. 
Andre smoothly settled into place beside her. 
“Thanks so much for helping out today,” Cindy continued after he was seated. “I really appreciate it.” 
“You’re welcome,” Andre replied, sending her a warm smile that oozed with love. Romantic love.
Cindy’s breath hitched for a second at that smile. She blinked rapidly to refocus. Surely she didn’t just see another kind of love in Andre’s eyes.
No, that’s just my tired eyes deceiving me, Cindy mused, blinking once again. 
“You know, out of all the men in my life, you are the one that I trust the most, excluding my father, of course. You’re definitely the only man I can count on to be there for me no matter what. Even my father fell short in that area once upon a time, but not you, Dre. Never you,” Cindy said, admiring Andre’s good looks even in her tired state. He was such a handsome man that she couldn’t help but think that any woman would be happy to have him. A part of her wanted to have him.
Oh, I really must be tired, Cindy thought, talking herself out of the obvious. 
“You were even there for me through my bad marriage, Dre,” Cindy continued aloud. “I remember the times I used to call you at three in the morning crying because of something Charles did. Yet you never complained.” She sat back again.
“I didn’t mind, Cindy. I wanted to be there for you,” Andre replied, sitting back, too. He put his left arm behind her head for use as a makeshift pillow.
“Well, you certainly were. As a matter of fact, you were there during all of my most important events. Proms, graduations, birthdays, and even my ill-fated wedding,” Cindy said, no longer feeling so much pain about the latter event as her mind focused on other important moments when Andre had been there for her. 
He’d taught her how to swim, how to slow dance in time for her first middle school sock hop and even how to drive. Cindy asked Andre to teach her how to kiss, too, but he outright refused to that. He said that brothers shouldn’t teach those kinds of things to their sisters. 
“Yep, you’ve been there for it all, Dre. And I love you for it,” Cindy continued in a sleepy whisper as she reached across to run her hand over the smoothness of his head. Although drowsy, her eyes were steadfastly upon his face, as she was trying to memorize his features. She was.
Andre suppressed a shudder at her touch. “I love you too, Cindy,” he replied a bit too huskily for his tastes.
When Cindy’s gaze sharpened in curiosity at his husky tone, Andre quickly hooded his eyes with his lashes. He was suddenly too fearful to let her see the different kind of love he now felt for her. Too afraid that she might not feel the same way and not only reject him, but also start putting some emotional and physical distance between them. He couldn’t take either right now.
Besides, she’s still getting over her divorce. It’s too soon. She’s not ready yet, Andre reasoned, overriding the part of him that wanted to just tell her about his new feelings and get it on over with. 
Oblivious to the war raging within the man seated next to her, Cindy soon drifted off to sleep with lips parted slightly to allow the softest, the tiniest of snores to escape.  
Minutes later, Andre finally calmed his thoughts down enough to realize that the woman next to him was now sound asleep. Momentarily contemplating whether or not to wake her, he ended up asking Mavis for a light blanket. Then instead of draping the blanket over Cindy’s solitary sleeping frame as planned, Andre returned to the chair and sat down beside her again. He wasn’t ready to leave her just yet.
Covering them both up against the chill of the night air, Andre was content for the moment to just lounge next to the woman he loved. He watched the brilliant stars above twinkle for the longest time. Soon he, too, lay dozing. 
* * *
Early the next day, Eric and Mavis awakened to do their usual morning routine. Eric went out to get the local newspaper from the yard, while Mavis went to the kitchen to start breakfast. He would later help her prepare most of the meal before going to wake the children up.
As Mavis passed by the clear patio doors a few minutes later, she noticed that Andre was still there. She stopped and looked on for a moment. 
Andre’s overnight stay at the Lakey house wasn’t a really big deal. As a dear family friend, he’d slept over many times before. However, this time he was sleeping in the same place as Cindy. On top of that, his arms were wrapped around her in a tender embrace reserved only for lovers. 
“What are you looking at out there?” Eric asked, coming up behind Mavis with the newspaper in hand. 
“See for yourself,” she replied, moving to the side.
Eric chuckled. “I wondered which room he’d slept in when I saw his car still parked outside,” he said, exchanged a knowing look with his wife. “Now I know.”
“Now we both know a lot of things.” Mavis laughed, too. “We couldn’t ask for a better brother-in-law,” she predicted. “I guess I better go wake the two sleepyheads up.” Her fingers moved to the door handle.
“Not yet,” Eric said, halting her right hand with his own. “Let the man hold his woman a little while longer before Cindy gets up and start acting like his little sister again.”
“How long do you think it will be before she wises up to Dre’s feelings?” Mavis asked.
“About as long as it takes for her to wise up to her own,” Eric replied, before ushering his own woman back into the kitchen. It was time to get breakfast ready.



Chapter 9
Some of the kids who attended Ashley’s party went home and raved about it to their blue and white collar parents. Soon word of Dayspring’s new event planner quickly spread around town. 
Consequently, Cindy began to get numerous phone calls, requesting her event planning services. People wanted her to coordinate baby showers, weddings, and of course, children’s parties. Every event that Cindy planned, Andre catered. Together they made quite a team. 
Drawing on some of the knowledge she obtained from her years as a lawyer’s wife, Cindy quickly secured the necessary business licenses and incorporation papers for her new company. In a month’s time, the ‘Bloom Event Planning Service’ was born. 
Andre’s older brother Tim, who was also a lawyer, helped Cindy to draft precise and equitable contracts. Mavis helped her set up a basic computerized accounting system for her business and Andre offered her space for lease in the mini-plaza he owned. Finally, Cindy Bloom was in business for herself and it felt good. Extremely good. 
Cindy was so grateful to have finally found her niche in life that even the stars at night seemed brighter, the flowers seemed more vivid during the day, and the sky seemed to have turned a special shade of blue. That’s how great her life was right now.
Out of appreciation for those who’d helped her, Cindy sent her parents on a Caribbean cruise, treated Mavis and Eric to a weekend getaway, and bought Andre and Tim golf clubs for their newfound Tiger Woods inspired hobby. She also hired the chaperones that helped her at Ashley’s party, giving them above average salaries. 
Thankfully, Cindy could afford to be so generous. Her business was doing very well, over eighty percent of her house sale funds were still intact, and she had the added bonus of low living expenses due to the fact that she was still living with her sister. And yet for all her generosity to others, Cindy forgot to be generous to herself. 
* * *
One sunny Saturday morning after a week of soaking Illinois rain, Andre and Tim spent some time together on the golf course. The two men were dressed in all green, and except for their white hats, they practically blended in with the neatly-trimmed landscape. 
Today’s golf game was different. Today the brothers did more talking, than anything else. Tim had recently eloped and was currently raving about one of the many benefits of being married.
“Man, I think there’s something to what Mom and Dad said. Sex inside of marriage is better,” Tim continued to rave. Tired of fighting against what he’d known was right for years, he’d finally surrendered to the truth, repented for his actions, and married the woman he loved. And that was just one way Tim chose to make things right with God, himself, and Neisha. 
“I believe you,” Andre replied as he swung his black and silver driver. 
The white ball soared high, then veered to the left and slid down a sand trap. 
Groaning in frustration, Andre threw his hands up in surrender. “That’s it for me. It’s time to go.” He put his club away, hating that he was so distracted today. No matter what club he used, no matter how perfectly he tried to aim, the ball still ended up either in the lake or in a sand trap.
Tim laughed, putting his own golf clubs back into his green leather bag. “It’s not like you to give up so easily. You usually hang in there a lot longer than that.”
Andre laughed, too, despite his current frustrations. “We’ve already been out here for two hours. How much more time is it going to take? Besides, it’s just a game. Believe me, I know when to hang in there with things that really matter to me,” he said, thinking of Cindy when he said that. 
Andre had been patiently waiting for her heart to heal almost from the moment she got back to town. Each day was getting harder and more difficult to wait. Yet he was determined to wait nevertheless. Cindy was worth waiting for. 
“Anyway, what did Neisha’s parents say about your elopement?” Andre asked.
Tim slung his golf bag over his shoulder. “The same as our parents. They both feel cheated out of a formal ceremony.” He patted his younger brother on the left shoulder and added, “I was able to pacify our parents by saying that they’ll have you and Cindy’s wedding to look forward to instead. Neisha’s parents were insistent upon having some type of reception. Soon, too, so we’ll likely be contacting Cindy for her services.”
“You won’t find a better event planner than her,” Andre replied, moving to get into the driver’s seat of the blue golf cart. “By the way, does everybody know how I feel about Cindy?”
“Everybody, but her,” Tim replied, settling into the passenger’s seat. 
Andre let out a loud sigh. Frustration shrouded his features again. 
“But don’t worry. None of us are going to spill the beans,” Tim assured him. “We know Cindy needs more time to heal. We also know when to let certain things happen naturally.”
Andre nodded with approval. “I can’t thank you guys enough for being so discerning.”
“You’re welcome. Now how ‘bout you show your appreciation to me with a free meal at your fancy restaurant.” Tim grinned.
“You’re on,” Andre consented with a wide smile. Then he started up the golf cart and pressed down firmly on the gas pedal. It was time to go eat.
* * *
Over the next few weeks, Cindy spent a lot of her free time with Ashley and Little Eric, giving Mavis and her husband a much needed break from their parenting duties. Sometimes Andre joined them when his work schedule allowed. Other times he forced room in his schedule because being with Cindy was becoming so important to him.
On the weekend of Mavis and Eric’s trip, Andre came over to keep Cindy and the kids company. On Friday they went biking for an hour, then returned to eat pizza and watch the movies that Andre had rented for them. 
“I knew they couldn’t hang,” Cindy whispered, pointing to her dozing niece and nephew. The kids had drifted off to sleep before the third movie was even halfway over. 
“I’ll help you carry them to bed,” Andre whispered back, moving to pick the larger child, Ashley, up from the floor. 
Cindy nodded and then picked Little Eric up. She led the way to the back. After the kids were safely tucked into their beds, the two adults returned to the den and began to clean up the empty pizza boxes and drink cans. 
Andre is always so helpful. And so tuned into me, Cindy mused as she watched him move comfortably around the room in assistance. 
She loved the way Andre always made her feel as if she was his equal, not his servant. The fact that he repeatedly helped her out without even being asked was an added bonus. There was no doubt that he was going to make some woman a good husband. 
If he’d been my husband, I would have never gotten divorced, Cindy mused, almost wishing he was her husband.
As Andre went to put out the remaining trash, his thoughts were along the same lines as Cindy’s. We make a good team. She seems to be my equal in every way, he mused, thinking that Charles didn’t know what he had. If he did, he would’ve never let Cindy go. 
If she were mine, I’d keep her forever, Andre mused, determined to do just that when she finally was his.
Returning to the den, Andre saw that Cindy was now back on the blue L-shaped sofa, watching the rest of the movie. 
Seeing him reenter the room, she gestured for him to sit down beside her. “Come finish watching the movie with me, Dre. I’m not ready for you to go home yet,” Cindy said, making room for him on the couch.
Andre smiled and complied. “I’m not ready to go home yet, either,” he confessed, putting his legs up on the blue ottoman in front of him.
To that, he received a quizzical look from Cindy, as if she was trying to figure out if he was sending her a double meaning. He was. 
As the movie progressed, Andre noticed that Cindy could barely keep her eyes open. Every few seconds she was yawning and blinking, trying to stay awake. 
Chuckling to himself, Andre retrieved a pillow from the far end of the couch and returned to his seat. Then putting the blue pillow on his lap, he guided Cindy’s head downward to rest upon it. As expected, the drowsy woman offered no resistance. 
“I see you can’t hang either,” Andre teased softly, lifting his hairy mocha legs up on the blue ottoman again.
Cindy lifted her sleepy head up slightly to retaliate. “Shut up, Dre.” She poked her tongue out at him, before lying back down and drifting soundly to sleep. 
An unexpected wave of heat went coursing through his body at the sight of Cindy’s tongue. That harmless act of fun wasn’t quite so harmless after all. It certainly caused great damage to the tight rein he usually kept on his passion. It had him wanting to ravish her mouth, her everything.
Whoa, calm down, Andre coached himself as he forced his attention back to the television. 
After a few more aching minutes, he grew calmer and resigned himself to only stroking Cindy’s hair as she slept instead of doing what he really wanted. For now this had to be enough. Soon Andre fell asleep, too. 
Chapter 10
Early Saturday morning, Andre awakened feeling a bit stiff from sleeping upright all night on the Lakey’s den couch. Careful not to wake Cindy as he eased away from her body, he quietly slipped out of the house and went home to shower and change. 
That evening, Andre returned with his black swim trunks in hand. According to Cindy’s itinerary for today, she and the children would be using the pool sometime after dinner. He wanted to be ready when they did.
As a special treat, Andre cooked lasagna and made a large salad for everyone. While he prepared the food, Cindy and Ashley set the table with Mavis’ American folk art stoneware and her Oneida utensils. Little Eric organized the movies that they would see tonight.
After dinner, they relaxed for an hour in the den, giving their meal a chance to digest. The kids watched more TV. Andre and Cindy sat on the couch and took a leisure walk down memory lane by reviewing a few photo albums that Mavis had on the mahogany bookcase in the farthest corner of the room. 
“Ooo…I remember this day,” Cindy said, pointing to a picture of her, Mavis, Andre and Tim. They were standing near the newly dug pool in the Wells’ backyard. “I also remember teasing Tim about those Jack Tripper shorts of his.” She chuckled, referring to the extremely tight blue gym shorts that Andre’s brother had worn that day. They reminded her of the outfits that one of the actors used to wear on a seventies hit TV show called Three’s Company.
“Come and knock on my door. We’ve been waiting for you…” Andre sang, laughing as he recited the show’s theme song.
Cindy erupted into deep belly laughter at Andre’s wit. “Regal Beagle,” she added in between guffaws, referring to the name of the bar that Jack Tripper and his two female roommates used to frequent on the show.
The two adults laughed so hard that they soon captured the attention of the TV watching children in the room. Soon Ashley and Little Eric wanted to know what the mirth was about this time. 
It seems that their Auntie Cindy was always laughing about something when Andre was around. That fact made the kids want him around even more.   
Around 8pm, Cindy turned the pool lights on and took the kids to their bedrooms to change. She dressed Little Eric in a pair of red nylon volley trunks. Ashley changed into a pink camikini in her own room. Giving them both a towel of their own, Cindy instructed the kids to wait for her in the den while she changed alone. 
Quickly dressing in a peach-colored textured tank top-styled swimsuit with a floral mesh wrap, Cindy then did something that surprised even her. She stood in front of the mirrored dresser and checked her appearance from all angles. 
Did she do it out of vanity?
No. She did it because she knew Andre would see her in that swimsuit in a few minutes and she wanted to make sure it looked great from all angles.
When did Dre become a consideration with my appearance? Cindy asked herself, now frowning at her reflection in the mirror. 
Afraid of the answer to that question, she quickly left the bedroom. She grabbed extra towels and flotation arm rings for the kids on the way back to the den. 
Andre’s eyes nearly bulge out of their sockets when Cindy entered the den in that swimsuit. She looked good enough to eat. Just delicious. 
The sudden ache in Andre’s lower body told him that he needed to find cold water…
Fast! 
“Let’s go,” Andre said a bit on the hoarse side. He didn’t trust himself to say anything more than that as he discreetly lowered the big beach ball in his hands to his waist and promptly turned around. 
Quickly leading the way outside, Andre wasted no time jumping into the pool. He needed the cold water to bring serenity to his body and mind…
Fast! 
The kids jumped in soon thereafter, oblivious to their leader’s physical and emotional plight.
Though oblivious to Andre’s emotional plight, Cindy was starkly aware of his physical plight. In fact, she got a certain thrill from knowing that she could affect him on any non-brotherly level. However, she was entirely too quick to excuse away his reaction to her as merely the response of a man who’d gone without sex for too long. After all, Cindy hadn’t seen Andre with or heard of him dating anyone since she returned to town. Even some time before then according to Mavis.
He probably would have reacted that way towards any attractive woman that was devoid of actual blood ties, Cindy deduced, continuing to reason away the obvious. 
She simply wouldn’t allow herself to even entertain the thought that Andre could seriously be interested in her romantically. That his body was reacting to the woman that he loved with all his heart. That she was that woman.
* * *
In the shallow end of the pool, the night swimmers played dolphin ring toss and water basketball for the longest time. When it was Cindy’s turn to finally dunk the ball, Andre stood upright to guard her as usual. As she approached the net, his hand went up to block her shot and accidentally made contact with her soft bosom. 
Inhaling sharply, Andre promptly removed his hand and stood completely still. His pulse raced with excitement.
Feeling the unexpected, yet delectable sensation of his hand on that special part of her body, Cindy involuntarily dropped the ball. Her tingling body seemed to lean towards Andre’s broad muscular chest of its own accord, although it did look as if she’d lost her footing. 
Soon her softness was against his hardness. It felt heavenly being so close to him this way. The steadying hand he put on her back felt more like a tender caress. More tingles ensued.
Resisting the strong urge to lick the dripping water from Andre’s mocha chest, Cindy closed her eyes and fought for control. Get a hold of yourself, girl. Surely you haven’t gotten this desperate for a man that you would actually go after Dre, she scolded herself, refusing to succumb to her rising attraction to Andre. 
Cindy couldn’t jeopardize their beloved friendship like that. It meant too much to her. It was too precious to ruin with romantic notions. Unrealistic notions at that since Andre couldn’t possibly be interested in her that way. Could he?  
Taking a deep breath, Cindy recovered quickly enough to regain her footing and promptly exit the pool. She kept her gaze averted from Andre the whole time. She didn’t want to see what was in his eyes. She was afraid of the rejection they might hold. If she’d only dared to look at him just once, she might have seen love instead. So much love.
“Time to close up shop, kids,” Cindy said, petitioning the kids to follow her inside as she vacated the pool area. She needed them to help keep her distracted from raging thoughts about you-know-who. 
As Andre watched Cindy leave, he felt a huge sense of loss. He’d wanted to hold her forever. He’d wanted to kiss her twice as long.
Suddenly just standing in the cold water wasn’t enough to calm him down. Andre needed to expend some of the rigid tension in his body. As a result, he decided to swim a few laps across the pool. 
* * *
After a quick shower and change, Cindy made her way back towards the den. En route she overheard the kids talking to Andre. That was nothing new. He always conversed with her niece and nephew about something or the other. But it was what they were talking about this time that caused Cindy to pause right outside of the doorway to listen without being seen.  
“When are you going to marry Auntie Cindy,” Little Eric asked. He had to lean his head to the side to look up at the tall man.
“Why do you ask that?” Andre replied, bending down to Eric’s level. The young lad’s eyes were surprisingly very serious right now, which meant that his question should be taken just as seriously. It was.
“He asked that because we want you to be our uncle,” Ashley answered for her brother. “And because we know you love Auntie Cindy.”
Good God, even the kids can see it. Why can’t Cindy? Andre sighed inwardly, not sure what to say now.
Suddenly reentering the room, Cindy declared, “Of course Dre loves me. I’m his baby sister.” 
Although the rust-colored jersey short-set she wore was very smart for tonight’s warm weather, right now Cindy’s outfit seemed smarter than her. Especially since she was the only one in this room who still didn’t have a clue to Andre’s true feelings. 
The other three people in the den just looked at each other and shrugged. Thankfully, the conversation switched soon thereafter to more neutral topics.
Chapter 11
The fourth of July was two days away. Cindy was in her office finalizing the plans she’d made for her parents’ annual family cookout. Many of the Bloom’s neighbors and friends were invited, including the Wells. 
Andre’s parents were currently in Maine visiting relatives, so they wouldn’t be there as they were for Tim’s small reception last month. However, the rest of the Wells were scheduled to be there, namely Andre, Tim, and Neisha – the newest Wells family member. 
Although Cindy and Andre continued some of their customary activities together, like fishing and checking out the latest sci-fi movies, she found it harder to be around him these days. Something had changed between them. Something still unspoken. Something that if broached could change their relationship forever.
Since Cindy wasn’t sure a heartfelt discussion on the issue would bring about a positive change in their relationship, she avoided any hint of seriousness when she was around Andre. Unfortunately, her avoidance tactic couldn’t seem to stop her mind from thinking about him. And not in a brotherly fashion, either. 
Convinced that her recent changes in affection towards Andre were simply related to her sudden desire for romance, Cindy decided to expand her social calendar to include the company of other men. Men that had expressed open interest in her for months now. Men that she didn’t stand a chance of losing a valuable friendship with if the romance turned sour.
Cindy was bringing one of those men to her parents’ party this year. His name was Melvin Swifter, a guy she met at one of the weddings she recently coordinated. The timing couldn’t have been more perfect since Andre would likely bring a date to the event, too. At least he usually did. 
Over lunch today, Cindy told Andre about her upcoming date with Melvin. The second those words left her lips she saw something she’d never seen in Andre before – jealousy. His eyes flashed that potent emotion along with hot ire before he quickly hooded them with those gorgeous long lashes of his. 
“Why are you bringing a date to the party?” Andre asked evenly after he’d taken a deep calming breath.
Before Cindy could answer him, one of the waiters informed Andre that he had a very important phone call in his office. When that call led to a few others that threatened to extend beyond her lunch hour, she left a message for him stating that they would talk more about the party later that night. 
Now in her own place of business again, Cindy pushed all thoughts of Andre aside for now. She needed to focus on counting the American flag fans and pinwheels she would use at the celebration. With her mother entrusting the entertainment and decorating to her, Cindy wanted to make the best possible impression. 
After loading the supplies into her Pathfinder and taking care of a few other last minute things, she went home for a good long soak in the tub. Only then would she allow herself to think more about Andre.
As Cindy lay among the bubbles, she thought about how tingly his display of jealousy had made her feel today. About how adorable his flaring nostrils had been. About how she’d wanted to climb into his lap and kiss him senseless until he had no further cause to be jealous of anyone or about anything.
After her relaxing bath, Cindy dried off and slipped on an oversized pink nightshirt. Lying across her bed, she picked up the phone and dialed Andre’s home number by heart. 
Not only did Cindy want to hear his voice again, she needed to gain confirmation for the singing gig he had at her parents’ party. Because she knew that she could always count on Andre, Cindy had relaxed her rules a bit and waited longer than usual to contact him about the gig. Ordinarily she would have contacted the proposed entertainer at a much earlier date to ensure a smooth operation. 
“Hello?” Andre answered on the first ring, taking her totally by surprise. She hadn’t expected him to pick up so quickly.
“Uh…Dre, I was just calling to confirm your performance at my parents’ barbecue on the Fourth of July,” Cindy said, trying to keep her voice light and professional. 
Why am I so nervous? This is just Dre, she told herself. Even so, Cindy wanted to pop her knuckles so bad right now, but didn’t dare. Especially since she was trying to stop that habit again.
“Oh, hello, Cindy. I’m actually practicing for that gig now,” Andre replied. “By the way, I didn’t mean to startle you. I was standing right here by the phone when you called, which is why I picked up the line so fast,” he explained as he sat down on his black and blue-trimmed leather sofa. He’d heard the touch of shock in her voice and deduced that his quick reflexes were the cause of it. 
When did his voice get so deep and sexy? Cindy wondered, indulging in the huskiness of that voice for a moment before scolding herself again. Come on, pull it together, girl. 
“What are you going to sing?” Cindy asked hoarsely, forcing out the words before her thoughts wandered off again. 
Now what is wrong with ‘my’ voice? she mused, quickly clearing her throat. She turned from her stomach to her back as she waited for his reply.
“I’m not telling. It’s a secret. You’ll just have to wait like everyone else,” Andre teased, putting his feet upon the blue leather ottoman as he relaxed further on the couch.  
Interestingly enough, there wasn’t a twinge of anger in Andre’s body right now. Yes, he’d been hot as fire with Cindy earlier today. Now all was forgiven. But then again, Andre couldn’t stay angry with anyone for very long, and especially not Cindy. It just wasn’t in him to do so.   
“Now you know I have to check the content of the talent I book,” Cindy countered. “You might get up there and sing The Thong Song or something and really gross out my parents and their friends.” She laughed just thinking about the shocked expression a song like that would create on her mother’s face. 
Wilma Bloom would probably have a fit. Two fits! She also might forget that her baby girl was thirty-years-old and too big for a spanking. Cindy didn’t want to take that chance.
“No, baby, it won’t be the Thong Song. Trust me, you’ll approve,” Andre said even huskier.
Baby? Cindy recited. He’s never called me that before. Baby girl or baby sister maybe, but never just plain ‘baby’. She smiled. I think I like it though.
At Andre’s unexpected endearment, Cindy felt her body tingle all over again and spring to taut attention. A rush of heat enveloped her. She began to ache in so many forgotten places. 
I can’t believe I want Andre this bad, Cindy mused, shocked and thrilled by that new revelation. 
When she spoke again, her voice was as soft as a delicate pillow for the head to rest upon. “I trust you, Dre. I’ll wait.” 
One of Andre’s brows rose. What’s going on with her tonight? he wondered, taking note of her soft tone. Normally Cindy would’ve come back with a quick and often loud retort, but tonight she’d let him slide. 
Not quite sure what was going on, but willing to change the subject anyway since he had more pressing things to discuss, Andre said, “Cindy, I want to apologize for my attitude earlier today. I had no right to question your decision to bring a date to the party. I just assumed that you were going alone like me. Quite frankly, I hoped that you would because it would have given us another chance to hang out together.”
Cindy smiled wider, starting to accept the fact that she was attracted to Andre. Starting to entertain the thought that maybe he was attracted to her, too, based on what he just said. The thought of them being together didn’t feel so awkward and foreign now. It felt…right.
“You’re going alone? This is a first.” Cindy caressed the phone receiver’s edge, pretending it was Andre’s strong jaw line. 
“Well, Cindy, I’m learning the importance of waiting for what I really want and not settling for less. You know what I mean?” he replied from a full heart. There was so much he wanted to tell her. So much he needed to say.
Finally deciding that there was no better time like the present, Andre put his feet back down on the floor and sat upright on the couch. Releasing the feelings dancing about in his heart wasn’t something he could do in a lounging position.
“I think I do understand what you mean, Dre. But in case I don’t, I’d like you to clarify it a bit more for me,” Cindy prompted, sensing that he was leading up to something important. 
Sitting upright as well, nervous tension began to form in the pit of Cindy’s stomach again as she wondered what Andre was going to say next. She unconsciously held her breath, waiting for his next sentence. The ache and the tingles in her body grew stronger.
“Cindy, I been waiting to tell you...” Suddenly his voice trailed off. “Who is it?!” Andre called out irritably to whomever was on the other side of his front door. 
There was no answer. However, the doorbell rang two more times for emphasis.
“Cindy, hold on a moment, baby. Don’t go away, okay? What I have to say is really important and I really want to tell you tonight.” 
“Okay,” Cindy replied, slowly exhaling as the annoyed man put the phone on the couch and got up to answer his front door.
Cindy did her best to wait patiently for Andre to return to the phone. Inside she felt that her life was about to change again. Drastically. She just didn’t know in which direction it would go this time. 
Suddenly, Cindy heard another change in Andre’s voice. He was angry again. But with whom? 
She clenched the phone closer to her ear in hopes of finding out. She soon did.
“Julie, what are you doing here?!” Andre asked in a shocked tone.
Cindy’s ears instantly perked up. Julie? His ex-girlfriend Julie? What is she doing back? she wondered, listening even harder now. She didn’t want to be so nosey, yet felt compelled to be.   
“Hey, baby, did you miss me?” asked the slightly bubbly female voice. “Are you on the phone? I certainly hope it’s not with another woman,” Julie said in a possessive tone now.
“I can’t talk to you right now. I’m busy,” Andre countered, clearly trying to give Julie the brush off.
“Busy with whom?” demanded the persistent woman. Julie’s voice was coming increasingly closer to the phone. It was clear that she was being deliberately loud, trying to make her presence known to the person on the other end of the line. “Listen, whoever you are, I’m back now, so leave my man alone!” 
The next thing Cindy heard was Andre’s angry voice and a loud click as the line went dead. “What in the world is going on over there?” she said aloud in the empty bedroom. 
A part of her wanted to drive over to Andre’s home and find out. Or better yet, throw Julie out. But Cindy knew she had no just cause to do anything that rash. Andre had not pledged himself to her. As far as she knew, he might have just been about to talk about waiting patiently for his music career to take off, not a relationship with her. 
Making a snap decision, Cindy decided to take the ringer off the phone. That crazy girl might try to star sixty-nine me, she told herself, though deep down inside she had no fear of Julie. 
Cindy’s fear rested solely in the fact that she didn’t want Andre calling her back and telling her that he’d reconciled with his ex-girlfriend. That Julie had used her feminine wiles to somehow convince him to take her back. The hot fire of jealousy boiled in Cindy’s veins just thinking about that possibility. 
Lying back down again after turning off the bedroom light, Cindy did not go readily to sleep as on other occasions. That night, she tossed and turned for hours as sleep evaded her. The reason for Cindy’s unrest - her mind stubbornly refused to let go of what she’d overheard tonight.
* * *
After Julie barged into his apartment and disrespected Cindy on the phone, Andre had quickly taken control of the situation. Though he’d been caught momentarily off guard by Julie’s surprise visit, he swiftly recovered and escorted his ex-girlfriend out of his home and hopefully out of his life for good. 
With the jealous woman who’d hung up in Cindy’s face gone, along with the peace he’d had right before she arrived, Andre now had to try to regain what he’d lost. The first thing he would do was call Cindy back.
After allowing the phone to ring for the eighteenth time, Andre finally got the message and hung up. Cindy had either decided to go to bed early or she didn’t want to talk anymore tonight because she was still angry about the Julie situation.
As Andre finally returned the phone to its cradle, it was not with discouragement, but with determination. “Cindy baby, no matter what it takes, I have much to tell you and hopefully a lifetime to show you just how much I love you.”
Chapter 12
On Independence Day, Cindy dressed with special care. She wanted to look great for her date today, who had been given her parents’ address and was scheduled to meet her there later. 
On Cindy’s body was a long, strapless, red and white linen dress with a sheer shawl and matching open-toe sandals. Her usually straight hair, which was now shoulder-length, was arranged in a multitude of small spiraling curls. The scented oil Cindy wore not only made her smell as wonderful as she looked; it also made her deep mahogany skin glisten with the newness of life. 
Actually Cindy hadn’t really dressed to impress Melvin at all. In fact, she regretted having invited him to the barbecue, but felt too guilty to cancel at the last minute. 
Truthfully, Cindy had dressed to impress Andre today. She wanted him to see her in this dress. She wanted to feed off of his reaction once he saw how deliciously it cleaved to her supple curves. She wanted to finally just…kiss him. Be kissed by him.
Did Julie’s sudden reappearance provoke this new change in Cindy? This strong need to suddenly explore the new feelings she had for Andre? 
Perhaps. Either way, Cindy was determined to find out if Andre wanted her as badly as she now wanted him. 
And if you do want me as much as I want you, Dre, we are going to have our happily ever after…together, she mused, giving herself a final once-over in the mirror before walking away.    
Two steps away from her bedroom mirror, Cindy was suddenly attacked with an onslaught of doubts. Slow down, girl. You’re moving too fast. What if Dre just wants to remain friends? What if he and Julie ‘are’ preparing to hook back up? 
Banishing those thoughts into oblivion, Cindy was determined to see this thing with Andre through to the end, despite her doubts and despite Julie’s untimely reappearance. After double-checking her supplies, the determined woman made her way over to her parents’ house to set up for the party…and, of course, to see Andre.  
* * *
Arriving an hour early, Cindy methodically and systemically decorated the whole downstairs area of her parents’ house in festive red, white, and blue. After putting up the last of the streamers, she went to check on the food. But there was really no need to do that. 
As usual, Andre contributed to the occasion by supplying several tantalizing dishes. He even brought over some of that succulent barbecue from his parents’ restaurant chain. Yet for the most part, Cindy’s father and his friends were going to do the grilling today while her mother and aunts tended to the side dishes. It was tradition for the Bloom elders to head up those things.  
Seeing that she didn’t have much else to do, Cindy spotted her mother and gave her a big hug. “Happy Fourth of July, Mom.”
“Same to you, dear. Now where is that sister of yours? Late as usual, huh?” Wilma said, already knowing the answer to her question as she returned the hug. The red sundress she wore was bright and breezy, perfect for today’s hot weather. 
Cindy nodded and laughed. “She’ll be here, Mom. When, I don’t know.”  
Wilma chuckled. “Listen, baby girl, you’ve done a good job decorating the house and arranging the entertainment. I want you off the clock as of now. I want you to enjoy yourself today, you hear me?” she replied, pinching her daughter’s cheeks.
“Yes, Mommy,” Cindy sang in a teasing childlike tone. She smiled whimsically, relishing the fact that their relationship was finally on firmer ground.
“By the way, where is your date?” Wilma asked, looking around the rapidly filling up room. Guests were coming in through the back and front doors.
“Not here yet,” Cindy replied, looking around, too.
“Mmm...humph.” Wilma smacked her lips thoughtfully and shook her head. “Well, Dre is definitely here. You ought to go talk to him, dear,” she added, having already had a talk with Andre today herself. They discussed things that Wilma and Michael had suspected in their heart for years. Good things. Highly approved things.
“Someone call my name?” Andre asked, suddenly entering the room dressed in all black. His ebony eyes held Cindy’s captive as he met her gaze and came closer. “Hello, Cindy. You look very beautiful today.” 
Cindy only nodded, still in shock from his sudden appearance and from his sheer gorgeousness. She forgot all about her mother just that quick.
Andre smiled knowingly, loving the effect he’d had on her. Cindy’s reaction to him confirmed that the attraction was finally mutual. Fortunately, he still had enough control of his emotions to break the heated gaze between them for a moment in order to acknowledge her mother’s presence again. 
“You’re looking even more beautiful than a few minutes ago, Mrs. Bloom,” Andre complimented. 
“Thanks, Dre,” Wilma replied, jovially overlooking the fact that her daughter had zoned her out completely.
“Don’t forget, I need to talk to you,” Andre turned to remind Cindy. He had to gently tug at her elbow just to break her out of the lingering daze she was in, although he didn’t mind the fact that she’d been staring hungrily at his lips in that daze. 
 “No time like the present, you guys,” Wilma advocated, exchanging an encouraging wink with Andre. Then she walked off with the assurance that soon Cindy would know what everyone else already did. Shoot, even a blind man could see the radiant love shining in Andre’s eyes every time her youngest daughter was near.
I can hear the wedding bells now, Wilma mused with a satisfied chuckle.
* * *
Following Mrs. Bloom’s advice, Andre escorted Cindy down to the basement. He closed the door behind them and locked it, wanting there to be no distractions to their long overdue talk. 
“Hold up for a second, baby, while I get the light,” Andre said, holding her elbow with one hand while pulling the long cotton string leading to the overhead light above with the other hand. 
Cindy complied, loving the delicious tingles that attacked her body at his nearness, at his endearment, at his fantastic scent. Could he feel the slight trembles he’d just provoked within her body?
Yes. But Andre decided to remain silent about those trembles, though they were sources of encouragement for him. Instead he commented on the grayish glow the overhead light had provided. “Remind me to change that bulb to a higher wattage later. I don’t want anyone to get hurt in this dim lighting.”
Cindy nodded with a smile. This was typical Andre. He was always doing considerate little things like this for her family; the people that he secretly hoped would become his in-laws very soon. 
“So what did you have to talk to me about?” Cindy asked, walking over to where the white appliances sat. She turned around to face him again with her back to the washing machine. Her body tingled with anticipation as she waited for his next word, his next action, his next anything. 
“First of all, I want to apologize for the other night,” Andre said, moving to stand in front of her, unaware that his cologne had become downright intoxicating to her. “I had no idea Julie was back in town, much less would show up at my apartment. It’s been over between us for almost a year now and I definitely don’t want her back,” he shared, looking down lovingly in Cindy’s face. 
She exhaled in relief as another wave of tingles attacked her body. The trembles grew stronger.
“I don’t want anyone else but you, Cindy. I’ve fallen in love with you, baby,” Andre continued, too full to hold anything back now.   
When he first started to speak, the words seemed to rush out of him as if he’d been a dam trying to hold back the mighty ocean. Now they escaped in a steady flow because the hardest part of his declaration was over. Andre had finally confessed his love to Cindy.
He’d finally told her!
The ball was in her court now. Cindy would either accept or reject his heart. Either way Andre’s confession felt right. It was right. The fact that he had no more anxiety about it confirmed that truth for him.
“You’re in l…love? With me, Dre?” Cindy asked incredulously, still trying to wrap her mind around his words. 
“Yes, baby. With all of you,” Andre confirmed, stroking her right cheek tenderly with his left hand.
Dre is in love with me, Cindy mused, allowing that revelation to seep down into her innermost being. 
All trembling suddenly stopped. A certain calmness settled in her soul. Soon a delightful smile played at the corners of Cindy’s mouth as she realized that she was in love with Andre, too. Not just physically attracted to him, but in love. Deeply in love. 
Being in love with a quality man like Andre was a dream come true for Cindy. She never knew she could be loved by someone so wonderful. Nor did she know that her feelings could run so deep. Her feelings for Charles were nothing compared to the ones leaping around in her heart right now for Andre.
Cindy felt the floodgates of her heart open up and prepare to dispel its contents. She was finally ready to love again. Ready to be loved again. 
“I love you, too, Dre. So much,” Cindy whispered with glossy eyes of emotion. Her right hand went up to caress the left side of his face. 
Andre closed his eyes at her touch, at her heartfelt declaration. He exhaled in relief and reopened his eyes. “Say it again, baby,” he requested, knowing with all certainty that this would be his wife one day. His whole being was in agreement with that knowledge.
Cindy draped her arms about his strong neck and inched even closer to him. “I said I love you, Dre. And not like a brother, either. I love you as a sexy, smooth-headed, full-blooded man,” she said, pressing her body even closer.
A deep shudder went through Andre. His body instantly became one hot, hard, aching mass. Unmindful of where they were and unable to deny himself any longer, Andre bent to possess Cindy’s lips for the first time in their lives. His hands went to her hair, threading long fingers through her silky tresses.
With a moan, Cindy melted into that sizzling kiss. It was better than any she had ever had. Hotter than she could have ever imagined, instantly burning up any resolve she had. Who knew that so much passion could be wrapped up in one kiss?
Hungry for even more of her, Andre’s eager hands went on a joyous voyage down Cindy’s soft frame as the succulent kiss continued. Oh, the supple places his fingers touched. He couldn’t seem to stop kneading her luscious curves. 
Reaching further down, Andre squeezed Cindy closer to him, allowing her to feel the evidence of his desire. They both moaned from the intimate contact.
A new level of hunger was unleashed as their hips began to instinctively move together. The kiss ensued with only brief pauses to allow for the occasional moan, groan, or sigh of contentment. 
“You drive me wild, girl,” Andre growled out against her lips as the heat level between them rose yet again. 
They were both breathing hard by this time. Though still fully clothed, their bodies were mimicking the act of lovemaking, revealing just how great their need was for each other.
At those words, Cindy abruptly broke the kiss, backed all the way up against the washing machine and sat atop of it. “Get as wild as you want, Dre,” she replied, pulling the bottom of her dress up with one hand, the top of her dress down with the other.
Andre inhaled sharply and licked his lips at the delicious treats he’d been shown. At her lack of inhibitions. Who knew Cindy could be so bold? So brazen?
Andre moaned as his upward bound ebony eyes took in Cindy’s smooth mahogany thighs and hips, black silk underwear, and two taut melons just ripe for feasting upon.
Perceiving all that exposed flesh as an invitation he couldn’t refuse, Andre moved closer, lowered his head to Cindy’s bosom and began to feast to his heart’s content. One of his hands moved lower still and touched places he only dreamed of touching. Tropical places.
Cindy arched towards him with a moan. Her hips moved eagerly against his hand. Her hands went to his head, cradling it against her.
Andre moaned and feasted more fervently as a result of her heated response. His voyaging fingers went deeper in their exploration.
Instead of him going wild, she did. Cindy actually began to buck against him as he strummed her guitar with skilled fingers, bringing her closer to the edge. Quickly.
Looking upwards, Andre watched as her eyes finally closed in ecstasy a few seconds later. She was so beautiful in the throes of passion. So sexy. And the spasms that continued to ripple through her core had him granite with need.
“Baby, I ache to have you. To just be inside you right now,” Andre whispered hoarsely, feeling like he was going to lose his mind if he didn’t unite with her. 
Cindy’s eyes fluttered open at those words. When she met his gaze as he stood to full height again, she saw a powerful disclosure of love displayed openly and unashamedly in Andre’s eyes. She saw a man that wanted her with every fiber of his being. A man that had been her trusted friend for years, but who was now seeking her final approval to transform himself into her forever lover.   
Breaking the thick electrically charged moment, Cindy said, “I want to be yours in every way, Dre.” She pulled her dress over her head and added, “Now.”
Marriage, Andre’s heart of hearts suddenly whispered through the thick haze of his passion like a flashing neon radar. You must only have Cindy in marriage, remember? 
Andre knew that his heart spoke truth, but right now he felt as if he’d gone too far to turn back. Quite frankly, he wasn’t sure that he wanted to turn back now. Suddenly all the reasons to wait were overpowered by the need to truly connect with Cindy like never before. The same Cindy that stopped listening to her conscience after that first searing kiss.
Deciding to exercise his freewill, Andre unzipped his pants with one hand while reaching into his back pocket for his wallet with the other. The first act provided exposure. The second provided protection. 
Watching his every action, Cindy licked her lips as her eyes roamed over the parts of him that she’d never seen before. The parts of him that she couldn’t wait to get to know better. 
To hurry things along, Cindy removed her remaining garments, flinging them on the dryer where her dress was. Oh, the girl was ready. 
This hot, intense, delectable thing that had been brewing between them for the longest time was about to happen. Now!
Andre finally joined them with one smooth surge forward. They both moaned aloud from the sheer pleasure of that fluent action. 
Cindy’s eyes closed in bliss at his complete possession. She threw her head back and arched her body closer, ready for a passionate ride. 
“I knew it would be like this,” Andre whispered, standing immobile in order to truly relish the first few moments of their sizzling union. 
“Like what?” Cindy asked, rolling her hips towards him. She was ready to get the show on the road.
Andre moaned. “Hot. Snug. Good. So good,” he replied, squeezing her closer as he began to slowly make love to her.
“Yes,” Cindy agreed as she met his gaze again. “I wish you’d been my first, baby love,” she endeared.  
“Me, too. But I will be your last,” Andre replied with certainty. “Oh, yes, I will be your last.” Possessively squeezing her even closer, he slammed into her on the second ‘last’. 
Cindy squealed as that one simple act caused strong spasms to erupt in her core. Her rivers began to flow again, her body began to tremble all over, and her toes curled in her shoes. 
No man had ever had this kind of effect on her. Knowing that caused Cindy to start bucking again. She was ravenous for him now. Needed more of what he just dished out. 
Andre growled at her fervor and welcomed it with hungry hips of his own. Forgetting all about where they were, he began to go wild within her, introducing her to a level of intense intimacy that she’d never known before.
With rhythmic hips, Andre inventoried every corner of Cindy’s inner chamber. He wanted no space unaccounted for. No area unexplored. She would know that she’d been thoroughly made love to when he was done. 
Unfortunately, the more Andre continued to exercise his own freewill in this matter, the quieter his conscience became. For the moment, he didn’t feel that familiar twinge of conviction that he usually felt when he’d turned down the wrong path. But he most definitely would later. They both would.
“You’re addictive,” Andre told Cindy as he continued to stroke her into oblivion. “I just can’t seem to get enough of you, girl.” 
Cindy didn’t know how addictive she was, but she certainly felt addicted to him. She also felt claimed, branded, and utterly possessed by him as he sent her over the edge for a third time. This one was more powerful than the others.
Just as Andre finally went over the edge, someone suddenly knocked on the basement door. He and Cindy instantly stilled. They also instantly remembered where they were. How quickly they had forgotten.
“Cindy, some guy named Melvin is here for you. He’s upstairs waiting in the living room,” Mavis called from outside the locked door. 
She’d known exactly where to find her sister. The basement was one of Cindy’s favorite places to be alone in their parents’ big house. The patio was another. But today there were too many people around to go there for solitude.
Realizing that Cindy was still too disoriented from what just happened between them, Andre answered for her. “Mavis, give us about fifteen minutes, okay?”
“Dre? I didn’t know you were down there with Cindy. Take thirty. I’ll introduce Melvin to some of our many beautiful single cousins,” Mavis said with a giggle. Like her mother, she could hear wedding bells now, too.
“Thanks, Mav,” Andre gratefully responded.
“You’re welcome, brother…in-law,” Mavis replied, speaking prophetically before leaving them alone again. 
Fully coherent now, Cindy began to do a bit of apologizing and explaining. “Dre, I’m sorry I didn’t cancel my date with Melvin once I realized I had these kinds of feelings for you. But I felt bad about canceling at the last minute and I wasn’t sure if you and Julie had reconciled.”
Andre kissed the tip of her nose. “Don’t worry about it, baby. I understand. Let’s just get presentable again and go back upstairs to the party,” he said, reluctantly disengaging them. He moved to retrieve two clean towels from the forgotten load of laundry Mrs. Bloom left in the dryer earlier. 
“The party,” Cindy echoed with a sheepish grin. “I forgot all about that.” 
“Me, too.” Andre chuckled, handing over her garments and one of the towels in his hands. “I forget about a lot of things when I’m with you,” he added, suddenly reminded of his decision to wait until they were married before having sex. 
Well, it was too late for that. All that was left to do now was ask her to marry him. At least then their next sexual encounter would be in marriage. 
But when should Andre propose to Cindy? Surely not right now with Melvin on site. That might cause too much embarrassment and awkwardness for her. Andre couldn’t have that. He couldn’t be responsible for bringing Cindy any kind of distress.
I’ll do it tomorrow in front of her parents, he decided, wishing that his own parents were in town for the occasion. Either way, that’ll give me enough time to buy a ring.
“By the way, thanks for being so understanding about that Melvin situation, Dre,” Cindy said, breaking into his thoughts. “It really means a lot to me.” She moved to put her dress back on. Her undergarments would have to wait until after she’d paid a visit to the nearest bathroom. That dry towel hadn’t been nearly enough to live up to her personal standards of cleanliness.
“No problem. But for the record, I think Mavis had a good idea. Melvin should be introduced to one of your cousins, because you are mine. Now and forever.” Andre pulled her tenderly into his arms, giving further reassurance that he was not upset about the Melvin situation. 
“I agree with everything you just said,” Cindy replied, feeling very safe in his arms. “Are you still up to singing after all this?” 
“Now more than ever, baby,” Andre replied, smiling down into her eyes before withdrawing to finish pulling himself back together. 
“Good, because I truly didn’t want to hear Mom’s mouth about how I ruined tonight’s headlining entertainment.” Cindy chuckled, returning to her own redressing.
“Speaking of ruining something.” Andre pointed to her tousled hair. “Make sure you visit a mirror before you return to the fold. It seems that I have given you a new hairstyle during our little rendezvous.” He chuckled.
Cindy smiled and self-consciously patted some of her hair back into place. “Will do, baby love. Will do.”
Andre’s eyes blazed hotly with desire at that endearment. “I think it’s time for me to go now,” he said huskily, zipping up his pants, lest he completely disrobe this time and ravish her all over again. “I’m going to take a quick shower at my parents’ house. I’ll meet you back upstairs in about twenty minutes, okay?” 
“I think that’s a good idea,” Cindy replied, feeling more than a bit aroused again, as well. “We have enough repenting to do now without adding more sin to our plates.”
“So true,” Andre agreed, looking convicted as his passion dissipated in the face of that potent truth. 
On his way back upstairs, he put their used towels in the washer and started a new load. If only it was so easy to get rid of the stain of sin from their souls. That would require some heartfelt repentance, which they both didn’t have quite enough of just yet.    


Chapter 13
After a quick shower in the adjoining bathroom of her old bedroom, Cindy redressed and went to deal with the Melvin situation. She immediately spotted him talking to one of her beautiful cousins named Gayle. 
Thoroughly engrossed in animated conversation with Gayle, Melvin didn’t seem to have missed Cindy at all. Interestingly enough, the two of them looked good together. Gayle, with her expressive caramel eyes and sandy hair, was a perfect complement to Melvin’s chocolate brown eyes and dark brown skin. 
Not knowing exactly what to say, Cindy took a deep breath and walked over to them. “Hello, Melvin. Gayle,” she said, smiling at him first and then her cousin. 
Gayle’s eyes held an apology within them. It was clear that she felt uncomfortable about being attracted to her cousin’s date.
Looking slightly embarrassed and a little guilty by his obvious infatuation with Gayle, Melvin shuffled his feet and lowered his eyes before responding. “Uh…hello, Cindy.”
Wanting to ease his embarrassment, Cindy pulled him aside and whispered, “Listen, Melvin, it’s okay if you like my cousin instead of me. Gayle’s a great girl and I think you two might be real good together.”
“You sure, Cindy?” Melvin asked, visibly relieved. When she smiled and nodded, he sighed out his relief. “You’re a great girl, too. Thanks a lot.”
Cindy smiled as she watched Melvin walk back over to an eagerly waiting Gayle. Her cousin sent over a grateful smile, clearly pleased that she’d been given the green light to follow her heart without the risk of family conflict.
Suddenly feeling someone watching her, Cindy turned to find Andre staring at her with a question in his eyes. He looked so good standing there fresh from his own quick shower.  
Cindy made an ‘OK’ sign with two of her fingers to let him know that the Melvin situation had been handled. Her breath hitched when Andre revealed his approval by exposing those beautiful white teeth of his in a wide smile.
All at once, Cindy felt her feet propel her over to him. She was amazed by how quickly she closed the distance between them. 
Did she run?
No. Cindy walked at a normal pace. Andre simply met her midway, which cut their distance in half. As usual, he was willing to give as much as receive to the woman he loved.  
For a brief silent moment they just held each other. His eyes looked down lovingly into hers for the longest time as he tenderly caressed the right side of her face. When they finally shared a kiss, everyone in the room started clapping.
 Shouts of, “It’s about time!” rang out in the air. It seems that almost everyone Andre and Cindy knew had been waiting for them to get together. Some had even prayed for their union to materialize…soon.
Breaking the kiss, Andre promptly led a blushing Cindy out of the room. He knew how quick she was to get embarrassed by such things. How much she disliked the spotlight.
With the party in full swing, Andre escorted Cindy out to the patio where there were less people around. Most of the guests were inside by this time, preparing to be entertained by the first act that Cindy booked for tonight – a local comedienne.
Glancing across the wooden fence to his parents’ quiet house, Andre made a suggestion. “As you know, I still carry a key to my parents’ house. Want to go over there?” Although he had no intention of fornicating again, he still wanted to be alone with her if only to talk about their new relationship. 
Briefly checking her watch, Cindy groaned. “There’s no time, Dre. The comedienne will be done in fifteen minutes. Besides, why tempt ourselves again? Especially so soon after…” She paused with a deep blush. “…so soon after you-know-what.” 
Andre chuckled, despite his disappointment. “Well, at least let me hold you until then,” he replied, putting his arms around her waist and then pulling her closer.
“Hmmm...kay,” Cindy moaned with consent, relaxing in his arms. She wished she could stay there forever.
* * *
Exactly fifteen minutes later, on a portable mini-stage inside of the Blooms’ spacious living room, Andre began to sing. He stood between two of the arched doorways and belted out the beginning notes of Mario’s Crying Out For Me, tantalizing the audience with promises of more to come. Soon his deep melodious voice filled the romantically lit room from the ceiling to the floor. 
No one said anything as Andre skillfully mastered each note, each key change beautifully. When his voice was soft, the audience felt caressed. When his silvery tone rose, their hopes and dreams rose with it. As it fell, its soulful magnificence rocked them gently backed to earth, assuring them that there was still a place for love in the world.
The next three love songs issued the same message. Before Andre started his last number, he prefaced it with a brief statement. “This last song is dedicated to the woman I love. The woman I plan to love for the rest of my life.”
Some of the people in the crowd could be heard saying, “Ahh…that’s so sweet.” Others said, “Work out it now,” and, “Do your thing, man.”
Cindy blushed, feeling all eyes on her. Yet she didn’t move from her spot. She wanted to hear this song. She needed to hear it.
At the first note, Cindy knew exactly which tune Andre had dedicated to her. It was Superstar, one of her favorite songs by Luther Vandross. 
“Long ago and oh so far away. I fell in love with you…” Andre sang with his eyes slightly closed, remembering the image of Cindy in the basement and the fervent way she responded to him. Love swelled in his heart. That same love made the words he sang that much more meaningful. 
Cindy savored every note, every refrain that was lovingly offered to her. She allowed Andre’s voice to permeate deep inside of her pores and become one with every cell in her body. His sweet, captivating serenade stroked her soul, causing desire to cascade down her spine in a delightful stream.  
As the memory of their time in the basement merged in with the enthralling sounds caressing her ears, Cindy knew that she was thoroughly, unequivocally, indisputably hooked on Andre. It felt great to be so in love. Most pleasing of all was the fact that the object of her affection returned that love. 
Andre had successfully communicated his love for her in so many ways that Cindy couldn’t help wondering what took her so long to see it. Then it came to her. The mountain of disappointment from her last relationship had distorted her view. It had kept her from seeing the obvious. 
Well, Cindy could see clearly now. And what she saw made her very happy.
At the end of the song, thunderous applause erupted in the room. Soon people were flocking over to talk with Andre. Cindy used that time to two-finger signal her nephew into action. 
Little Eric had a job to do. Earlier that evening, he’d been assigned to sit quietly near the stage with a small cooler beside him and wait for Andre to finish his set. Once the set was finished, the young lad was to present him with the usual post-performance spring water.
Seeing Andre partake of his beverage within seconds of that signal to Little Eric, Cindy smiled. She was pleased that her nephew had carried out his duties so well. So promptly, too.
I think he deserves a raise and a bonus. Five dollars more and a trip to the amusement park, she decided, thinking that Ashley could come, too, if she wanted to. 
Quickly maneuvering her way through the crowd, Cindy made her way to the kitchen. She wanted to fix her and her man something to eat. Once Andre was free again, she planned to take him someplace where they could be alone to eat and hopefully talk about their newfound feelings for each other. They had so much romantic catching up to do now that they were a couple.
With a smile on her face, Cindy reached for a couple of Styrofoam containers and began to hurriedly fix their meals. In no time, her hands were swiftly wrapping the fully loaded containers in clear plastic in order to avoid any undue leaking.
Suddenly, Cindy’s smile faded as she heard a familiar voice out on the patio. It was Julie Medders.
What is ‘she’ doing here?! Cindy thought, quickly concluding her tasks so that she could go find out the answer to that most pivotal question.
Chapter 14
Outside underneath the starlit sky, Cindy discovered that a drunken Julie had crashed her parents’ party and was now being a nuisance. Tim held Julie’s right arm to steady her wobbly frame and to halt her voyage into the Bloom house where she might start even more trouble. 
Neisha stood nearby, shaking her head in disgust. She and Julie used to be friends until she caught the woman cheating on Andre. When she confronted her on the issue, Julie was unrepentant and even bragged about it.
Faced with the dilemma of maintaining a lackluster friendship with a disloyal woman or siding with her then future brother-in-law in order to keep him from untold heartache, Neisha chose the latter. Now she saw the inebriated woman as the pesky irritant that she was.
“I’m not leaving!” Julie told Tim, who kept insisting that she leave the premises. “My man just sang a beautiful lullaby to me in there. I’m not going anywhere until I’ve had a chance to talk to him.” Her voice got even louder now, as if she was trying to be heard…by everyone. “Dre! Andre Wells!”
“Keep your voice down,” Neisha hissed, fully aware of her ex-friend’s intentions. It was bad enough that Julie’s ranting had garnered so much attention already, including Cindy’s, who was prudently trying to let Tim handle the situation so as not to escalate the problem. 
“No! I want to s…see my man,” Julie spluttered out, snatching her arm away from Tim. She staggered backwards and almost hit the ground on account of those red pumps that were entirely too high for her current condition. Even a sober woman would have trouble walking in those heels. Never mind that extremely tight bicentennial themed mini-dress Julie wore.
Suddenly Andre appeared for out of nowhere it seemed. He’d been on his way to locate Cindy when he heard Julie’s voice. Sensing trouble, he’d followed the sound of that voice outside.
“Dre, baby.” Julie smiled when she saw him.
“Julie, why are you here?!” Andre demanded, moving to stand in front of her. His face bore a stiff frown, causing his mocha forehead to crease in the middle.
Julie’s smile widened. “I wanted to celebrate the Fourth with you, silly. I went to your apartment, but when you weren’t there, I came to your parents’ house. Then when I heard you singing, I followed your voice over here.”
“Julie, I told you before that our relationship was over. You have no reason to be looking for me anywhere,” Andre replied, his ebony eyes flashing with anger.
Julie grabbed his arm unsteadily. “But, Dre, me and all those people in there heard you sing that song to me. And I know you’re not seeing anyone new. I asked around town and they told me that the only woman you’ve been hanging out with lately is your baby sister Cindy, which means the song must have been for me.”
“I was singing to my girlfriend Cindy,” Andre replied with blunt honesty. Inwardly, he willed Julie to just go away. Far, far away.  
“Cindy’s your girlfriend?” Julie’s eyes bucked and then narrowed at the woman in question. “That Cindy? The same Cindy you used to call your little sister?” she inquired, digging her long nails into his arm with one hand while she pointed towards a quiet Cindy with the other.
“Used to are the operative words. Cindy and I are in love now,” Andre said, firmly removing his arm from Julie’s tight grasp. “Come here, baby,” he lovingly requested of Cindy, beckoning her from her place near the patio doors.
Cindy walked over to him under the watchful eyes of so many silent and oh so curious onlookers. Though she felt extremely embarrassed right now, she would not shy away from or refuse Andre’s request. She was his woman now, not Julie. It thrilled Cindy to know that he wanted the whole world to know that fact, especially his ex-girlfriend.
“You all right, baby?” Andre asked, putting a possessive arm about his beloved’s waist.
“Yes,” Cindy replied, allowing his loving smile to chase all of her shyness away. “Better than all right,” she added, leaning up to give him a brief smack on the lips.  
Julie frowned at that tender moment between the two childhood friends. Unwilling to accept defeat, she quickly changed her tactics. “I’m sorry, Dre. I really didn’t know you were involved with anyone else. I didn’t mean to cause trouble.” 
“All is forgiven,” Andre replied, reluctantly dragging his attention back to Julie. “Just quietly see your way ou—”
“Ooo…I don’t feel so good,” Julie said, suddenly grabbing her stomach with a moan. “I think I’m going to be sick.” She gagged and staggered on unsteady legs over to the nearest trash can. 
Onlookers grimaced and winced at her retching. Many turned and made their way back inside the house, having their appetites thoroughly ruined by that particular act. 
Cindy, Andre, Tim, and Neisha remained outside. Only one of them actually moved to assist Julie.
“I think you should go on home now,” Neisha told Julie as she handed her a bottle of spring water from a nearby patio cooler.
“You would say that, traitor!” Julie replied, ungratefully snatching the beverage from her ex-friend’s hand. 
“Whatever!” Neisha threw her hands up in exasperation, shook her head in disgust and walked back inside the house. Tim followed her, leaving his brother and Cindy to deal with Julie alone. 
After taking a swig from the bottle, Julie wiped her mouth and turned around to face Andre and Cindy with the worst question possible. “Can you give me a ride home, Dre? I truly don’t think I can drive myself and no cabs are working tonight,” she said, making use of the sympathy tactic now. 
Andre looked at Cindy before answering Julie. “How do you feel about that, baby?”
“I’m fine with it as long as I can tag along behind you in another car. That way, you’ll have a ride back,” Cindy replied, not about to let Julie spend one minute of unnecessary time alone with her man.
Andre smiled. “Good thinking, baby.” He bent to plant a loving kiss on her forehead before turning to his ex-girlfriend. “I’ll take you home, Julie.” 
Julie nodded, keeping her eyes hooded in order to hide the menacing look she’d just given Cindy. So you think you’re smart, little girl. Well, you’ve never dealt with a woman like me before. Andre is mine or no one’s, she mused, smoldering with hot jealousy that the water she turned up to her mouth again couldn’t even began to extinguish.
* * *
On the way to Julie’s home, Cindy followed closely behind the woman’s blue Volvo in Andre’s car. Trying hard not to be jealous, she diverted her attention away from the two people in the vehicle up ahead. Still her mind couldn’t let go of the image of Julie’s head leaning so comfortably on Andre’s shoulder as he drove.
That’s where ‘my’ head is supposed to be! Cindy thought hotly. And does she even have her seatbelt on at all? she mused, thinking that no seatbelt extended that far as to allow the passenger to be so close to the driver.  
At Julie’s three-story brick apartment building, Cindy watched from the car as Andre helped the intoxicated woman up the stairs to her residence. She mentally counted each step of ascent. There were ten annoying stairs in all.
Why does she have to be draped all over him like that? Cindy mused, clenching the steering wheel tighter. 
Andre was wondering the same thing from where he was. He’d told Julie repeatedly to try to walk on her own. Yet every time she did so, she tripped and stumbled in those hooker heels of hers. 
Why can’t her legs be as steady as her hands were in the car when she was reapplying that lipstick? Andre mused irritably. 
Finally exasperated by her slushy condition, he picked Julie up and carried her the rest of the way to her apartment. Then propping her up against the gray steel door, he searched through her purse for the key. After unlocking the door, he carried her inside.  
Back in the Andre’s car, Cindy let out a frustrated breath. Seeing Julie’s door close was like a stab in the gut. It hurt. Bad.
An impatient Cindy strummed her fingers cantankerously on the leather steeling wheel. The delicious aroma rising from the food containers on the seat beside her did nothing to distract her rising anger. She almost wished she had never brought those to-go meals along, because her appetite was shot. Gone, just gone. 
What’s taking him so long in there? All he had to do was make sure she got inside okay! Cindy mused irritably, looking down at her watch.
* * *
Julie acted even more helpless inside of her apartment. After Andre initially placed her on the red and blue patterned sofa in her living room, she practically begged him to help her to the bedroom. 
As the reluctant man carried her to the red satin covered bed in the next room, she brushed her ruby lips against his neck, leaving a fresh lipstick mark. Seeing that her touch had gone unnoticed by him, Julie had another thought.
“Can you get me a glass of water, Dre? I’m thirsty again and I left my water bottle out in the car.”
Andre took a deep breath to control his ire. Then forever playing the Good Samaritan, he went to honor her request.
Julie smiled with satisfaction, taking his kindness for weakness. By the time Andre returned with her water, she wore a different kind of smile. A grateful one, though it was as fake as those black eyelashes she had on tonight. 
“Thanks a lot, Dre,” Julie said, receiving the glass he handed her from the kitchen. 
“No problem,” Andre replied. “Ouch,” he yelled when she suddenly pinched him hard on the neck with her free hand. “Why did you do that?” His right hand immediately went up to rub the sore area.
“I thought I saw a mosquito on your neck,” Julia lied, knowing full well how easily Andre’s neck area bruised.
Although Andre scowled at Julie, he didn’t want to waste time questioning why she pinched him instead of simply squatting the bug off him. He was too busy trying to conclude his time with her in order to get back to Cindy.  
“Well, I have to go. I’ve been in here long enough as it is,” Andre replied, moving away from her. “And, Julie, don’t bother me ever again in any way,” he said, before turning to walk out of her bedroom, her apartment, and her life for good. 
When Julie heard the front door slam shut a few minutes later, she laughed out loud. “You may have forgotten about me so quickly, Dre, but I bet baby girl won’t. Especially not after the little surprises I left for her tonight.”
* * *
In the dark car, Cindy slid over and let her man take the wheel, putting the food containers in her lap in the process. She didn’t ask what had taken him so long in Julie’s apartment. She didn’t say anything at all.
Andre didn’t say anything either at first. He let his body do the talking by pulling Cindy into his arms and kissing her deeply. 
“Oh, I needed that,” Andre whispered when the long kiss ended a minute later. 
“Me, too,” Cindy replied sincerely.
“Let’s go to my apartment. We can eat the food you brought along there,” Andre suggested, finally turning the key in the ignition.
“I was thinking along those same lines,” Cindy replied, avoiding the big elephant in the car the same as him. Yet she couldn’t avoid the surge of doubts that continued to attack her mind about him being in Julie’s apartment for a full fifteen minutes.  
Fifteen minutes!
Clearly not ready to talk about his ex-girlfriend either, Andre joined Cindy in silence for the rest of the ride to his home.

Chapter 15
Finally arriving at his apartment, Andre escorted Cindy to the dining room while he went to the kitchen to retrieve silverware, napkins, and a couple of drinks to go along with the food she salvaged from the party. Sitting adjacent to each other moments later, the couple found themselves devoid of appetites. The Julie situation had ruined that for the both of them. 
Ready to address the proverbial elephant in the room, Andre pushed his plate away. “Come here, baby. We need to talk,” he said, pulling Cindy towards him by the hand.
“Yes, we do,” she agreed, readily entering his lap. 
“Let me start by saying how sorry I am about Julie’s intrusion tonight,” Andre began, caressing her bottom lip with his right thumb. “I had no idea that she would show up at your parents’ house. Outside of the other night, I haven’t seen or heard from her in months. To be perfectly honest, I don’t know where Julie got the idea that I would take her back after she cheated on me.”
“It’s simple to me,” Cindy replied, feeling her doubts lessen as she lost herself in his ebony eyes and tender caress. “Things obviously didn’t work out between Julie and her new man, so she probably figured she could go back to her merciful old man. Everybody knows how forgiving you are, Dre. I don’t think you’ve ever stayed angry with anyone longer than a day.” 
He smiled at her insightfulness. “You know I was taught to never let the sun go down upon my wrath. Besides, I’ve found that practicing that principle greatly reduces my stress level and makes it easier for me to receive forgiveness from God. As for Julie, even though I’ve forgiven her, I won’t ever take her back.”
Cindy smiled, too. “And why is that?” She closed her eyes momentarily as a shudder of pleasure rippled through her body. How was it possible that Andre’s simplest caress could have that kind of effect on her?
“For two reasons. First of all, forgiveness does not always include reconciliation, at least not among humans. And secondly, I’m already taken. You have me, Cindy,” Andre said huskily, feeling the air lighten even more between them as he continued to trace her bottom lip.
“Oh, do I?” Cindy teased and then proceeded to lick the tip of the finger that touched her mouth. 
“Yes.” Andre moaned, feeling his body instantly change in response to her bold act. “Didn’t our time in the basement tell you anything? It definitely told me a lot. One of which is the fact that we are good together in every way.” 
“So good,” Cindy whispered, before pulling his finger into her mouth for a hard suckle.
Andre inhaled sharply at her second bold act. He licked his lips. “What are you trying to do to me, baby?” he asked, fighting for control even as she grinded against him. 
Try as he might, Andre couldn’t seem to muster up enough restraint. Blame it on his overwhelming need to make love to Cindy again, despite the moral and spiritual implications of that untimely act.
“What do you want me to do to you, baby love?” Cindy replied, sucking on his finger one more time before standing to her feet.
Andre swallowed hard before replying. “Whatever you want.” His voice was a deep whisper. 
Cindy wanted to do a lot of things to Andre due to their physical attraction alone. But most of all she wanted to drive out the rest of her doubts and the lingering insecurities from her marriage to Charles. That’s the main reason she overrode her conscience yet again. 
Quickly disrobing, Cindy casually tossed her clothes across the room. The only things she kept on were her shoes. The image of her wearing nothing but those sexy heels only served to intensify the moment. 
Andre’s eyes widened at the exquisite sight before him. His mind rapidly began to fog from all rational thought once again at those luscious mahogany curves. His mouth watered in anticipation of tasting her again.
Instead of returning to his lap sideways, Cindy repositioned her legs and sat in a full straddle upon him. Using his shoulders for support, she pressed herself closer and rotated her hips in slow motion. 
Andre moaned from the beginning of that rotation until the end. His hands moved over her frame, kneading her from top to that supple bottom.
Cindy moaned as he squeezed her closer. She maintained eye contact with him the whole time, watching to see how her actions affected him. She wanted, no needed to know that Andre was truly hers. That no other woman could stimulate him so quickly, could make his pulse race so thoroughly or stir up the love that she saw radiating in his eyes right now.
Shifting her body slightly upwards, Cindy’s hands wantonly reached down to squeeze him. “I love you, Dre,” she whispered hoarsely, unzipping his pants in order to gain greater access.  
“I love you too, Cindy,” Andre said, his eyes now full of passion and love. So much love. 
Andre soon found his mind wrapped in a thick haze as Cindy touched him in all the right places, driving him closer to the edge. She even took care of their protection after retrieving it from his wallet. 
Soon they were united again. As they began to slowly move together, Andre leaned down to suckle her, behaving like a hungry babe in need of nourishment. Cindy was his nourishment. He needed her. He just…needed her.   
“You are definitely addictive,” Andre said, before licking an upward trail to her mouth.  
“Am I?” Cindy asked, needing those words to lift her self-esteem off the floor from where certain memories and insecurities had lowered it.
“Oh, yes.” He moaned, before capturing her lips in a fervent kiss. 
Cindy melted into that kiss, giving it her all. She moved her hips faster as strong spasms began in her core.
Andre groaned at the notable changes in her body, at her increase in fervor. “Baby, please marry me tomorrow,” he said, breaking the kiss out of necessity. “Not only do I love you so much, but I honestly don’t think I’m going to be able to stay out of you. I need you, Cindy. I need this.” He squeezed her closer and slammed into her.
Cindy squealed for more reasons than one. “Is that an official marriage proposal? Because if it is, I wholeheartedly accept,” she panted out.
“Yes, it is definitely an official marriage proposal.” Andre smiled, pleased that she was so eager to marry him. “I wanted to wait until I got a ring, but under the circumstances…” 
Cindy never let him finish. She attacked his mouth with another fervent kiss and began to buck wildly upon him with her eyes closed. 
Wanting to see this naturally shy woman get even wilder, Andre stilled his hips, grabbed the arms of the chair for leverage and pushed upwards with a powerful surge. 
Would Cindy be able to appreciate the way he just presented himself to her? Would she know what to do in response considering the fact that she’d only had one other lover in her life and lacked a certain amount of experience?
Yes, on both accounts. Cindy readily accepted Andre’s delicious presentation, understood that it was for her extreme pleasure, and then followed her instincts, which more than made up for her lack of experience. 
Using Andre’s shoulders to rise and descend with power moves of her own, Cindy went even wilder upon him. Every shy bone in her body was eradicated in the flames of her unbridled passion. 
Andre groaned out his own extreme pleasure as he watched and also felt Cindy repeatedly and wholeheartedly give herself to him. She wouldn’t stop clenching him, slamming down upon him, just loving him senseless. The sheen of her exertion caused her mahogany skin to glisten.
Unable to remain still any longer in the presence of such passion, Andre grabbed her hips and went for broke as their union quickly accelerated to a maddening pace. With lightning hips, he sought to convey to Cindy his love, his need, his extreme desire for her. Only her. 
With a joint shout of liberation, they went over the edge together. They clung to one another as they slowly descended from ecstasy. They stayed intertwined in the sturdy chair until they could catch their breaths again. 
Feeling Cindy’s hands wiping the sweat from his smooth head, Andre smiled and leaned his head back to look into her soulful eyes, which were now open.
Suddenly, the room seemed to darken considerably. The air became thick with tension again as Cindy’s smile plummeted into a frown like a sky diver without a parachute. 
What happened to change her demeanor so drastically?
Julie happened. Or rather Cindy finally spotted the lipstick and bruise left on Andre’s body by Julie.
When Andre saw Cindy’s dark brown pools began to glisten with threatening tears, he felt an uneasy feeling in the pit of his stomach. “What’s wrong, baby?” he asked with concern. 
“You have lipstick and what looks like a hickey on your neck.” Her eyes were now brimming with liquid. Her cheeks soon became saturated with a stream of tears.
“Huh? What?” Andre asked incredulously. Her words hadn’t fully registered in his mind yet. He fought to believe that he even heard her right.  
Cindy pointed accusingly at his neck. “You have lipstick and a hickey on your neck. I didn’t put them there. You certainly didn’t have them on you before you took Julie home, and ‘Hooker Red’ is definitely not my shade of lipstick,” she said, with bubbling ire as she leaped up from his lap, bringing an abrupt end to their union. “I guess you got those little trinkets while you were inside what’s-her-face’s apartment for fifteen long minutes.”  
I can’t believe this is happening to me yet again! Cindy mused, wiping her eyes as she went on a search for her clothes. I save myself for marriage and my husband cheats on me. Then I give myself before marriage and my fiancé cheats on me, too. What is so wrong with me that the men I love always cheat? 
Based on her thoughts alone it was clear that Cindy’s pesky doubts had returned with a vengeance. 

Chapter 16
“Cindy, it’s not what you think,” Andre said, finally realizing what Julie had done to him…to them. 
“Maybe it’s exactly what I think,” Cindy said, snatching her dress up from the floor. “Maybe you went into that apartment with Julie, exchanged a few kisses and then a little bit more. You know, for old time’s sakes.” 
“You got it wrong, Cindy. All wrong,” Andre said, adroitly slipping his pants back up before standing to his feet. “I didn’t do anything with Julie tonight or any other night since she’s been back in town.” 
“Well, she obviously did something to you, Andre Wells!” Cindy retorted, calling him by his full name in her ire. “How else can you explain the lipstick and passion mark on your neck?” she asked, putting on her dress with shaky hands.
“I think Julie set me up,” Andre replied. Then he shared every detail of what happened in that apartment, including how he believed the lipstick stain and the bruise on his neck came about.
Cindy paused and just looked at him in silence for the longest time. One minute she looked like she wanted to believe him. The next minute pain and distrust dominated her face. 
Andre knew that look. He’d seen it when she talked about her ex-husband. “I am not Charles, Cindy,” he prompted gently, trying to get her to say something, anything in this tense moment. “I would never hurt you that way.” He moved closer to her as he talked.  
Cindy’s eyes welled up with more tears at the mention of her ex-husband. At all the painful memories his name conjured up. “I don’t want to talk about this anymore, Dre. Right now I just want to go home and forget that this day ever happened,” she said, blinking her eyes free as she moved away from him in search of the rest of her things. 
“You want to forget everything about this day, Cindy?” Andre asked, stung by her words. “Our love, the great sex, my proposal of marriage? You want to forget all that?” 
Cindy looked back to him. “Yes. As far as I’m concerned, those fifteen minutes you spent in Julie’s apartment made all of today’s good stuff null and void.” Then she turned and headed to the bathroom to freshen up. 
Andre slammed his eyes shut. He put one hand on the nearest wall to study himself against the onslaught of pain her dismissive words had just caused within his body. 
“How can you do it, Cindy? How can you act so indifferent, so dismissively towards me?” Andre asked loud enough to be heard in the hallway. “Just a few minutes ago, you were so hungry for me, so in love with me…so willing to be my wife,” he continued when he heard her pause outside the dining room. “Didn’t those moments mean anything to you? They meant the world to me. Still do.”
“They meant everything to me, too,” Cindy semi-whispered in reply. She cleared her throat and added in a louder tone, “But people like Julie and Charles have made it impossible for me to trust anyone romantically, including you, Dre. And without trust, our union is doomed to fail anyway. So why go any further down a painful path? Why not just cut our losses now?” 
“Better yet, why not see if we can overcome this obstacle first before calling the whole relationship quits?” Andre countered.
Cindy walked back into the dining room to face him. “I’m scared to even try for fear of losing you as a friend, too. For the record, I wasn’t calling the whole relationship quits, just the romantic part. I know I’ll never be your little sister type again after all that’s happened between us, but I’m hoping we can still maintain our friendship.”
“Friendship?!” Andre roared. “Are you crazy? Do you actually believe that I can go back to only being your friend after you just rode me off into the sunset like a true cowgirl? Do you not feel it in your heart of hearts that I’m supposed to be your husband? That you’re supposed to be my wife? Well, I feel it. I feel it deep down in my bones, baby.” 
Cindy suppressed a moan at his raw display of emotion. It turned her on to see Andre so riled up like this. So untamed. It reminded her of how feral he was during sex.
No! Cindy mused, shaking her head to ward off sensual thoughts that might sway her decision to protect her heart from further pain. 
“I’ll be ready to go when I’m done in the bathroom,” Cindy said quietly, before turning to walk away again. 
Andre threw his hands up in exasperation at her response. At that avoidance tactic she kept using tonight. At the fact that she was too scared to just take a chance on them. Or at least give him a chance to prove that Julie set him up.
That’s what I need to do. Prove my innocence, Andre mused, feeling energized by that thought and the new idea it created within him. 
Going into his bedroom, Andre quickly pulled gray sweats and black sneakers from his closet. After a brief period of refreshment in the adjoining bathroom, he changed into his casual attire. Then he went back up front to face his beloved again. 
What is she looking for? Andre mused, reentering the dining room where a fully dressed Cindy was moving about, looking around as if in search of something.
Feeling his presence in the room, Cindy’s body instantly stiffened. She stopped her search as if there had never been one. “I’m ready to go now,” she said over her left shoulder, not even bothering to look back at him before heading to the front door.
Andre frowned, grabbed his car keys, and followed her out the door. 
* * *
On the way back to her parents’ house, Andre made one last ditch effort to convince Cindy of his innocence. He took her back over to Julie’s apartment, rang the doorbell until they woke her up, and then demanded that she tell the truth about setting him up.
Instead of confessing her guilt, Julie claimed that she and Andre had indeed engaged in a brief tryst tonight. That he was the one who insisted on having her one last time before he got too serious with Cindy. 
“You liar!” Andre roared, wanting to hit a woman for the first time in his life. Fortunately, he quickly suppressed that urge. 
“I’ve heard all I need to hear,” Cindy replied through clenched teeth. Then she turned around and headed back to the car. Her steps were brisk and stiff with anger.
“That’s what you get,” Julie hissed underneath her breath as Andre took off at a jog behind Cindy. 
Although Julie knew that she had ruined her chances of ever reconciling with Andre due to all the lies and sabotage, she felt extremely satisfied about making sure Cindy couldn’t have him either. Julie had no idea that she’d just set herself up for a bit of reaping later on in her life.
* * *
Cindy wouldn’t say a word to Andre the whole ride back to her parents’ house. She was like a locked vault, inaccessible and confined within her own world of past and present pain. She even refused to look at him.
Frustrated, Andre simply stopped trying to convince her of his innocence. He’d said and done everything he knew to do to get her to change her mind. To get her to fight for their love. All of his efforts had failed miserably. And that trip to Julie’s house had only made the situation worse. 
For the rest of the ride, Cindy sat with her arms folded tightly across her chest in an attempt to comfort herself. But it wasn’t working. She needed more than she could give herself right now. 
Help me, God. I’m hurting, Cindy prayed. What have I done to myself this time? Oh how she regretted her promiscuous actions tonight, despite how wonderful her temporary union with Andre had been.
When they finally reached the Bloom family home, they found all the guests gone. The front and sides of the house were devoid of excess cars. Except for the outdoor security light, the rest of the place was dark, quiet, and peaceful - the way it always was when Cindy’s parents had gone to bed.  
Breaking the enforced silence in the car, Cindy said stoically, “You don’t have to walk me in or trail me to Mavis’ house. I’m spending the night here. I’m too tired to drive. Besides, I forgot to take down the decorations.” As she talked, she kept her eyes straight ahead, afraid of seeing that incriminating passion mark again. 
“All right, Cindy,” Andre replied in a gentle tone. “Just know that I still love—”  
“No!” Cindy interrupted, forcing herself to face him. Still her eyes stayed above his neck. She might snap altogether, if she looked any lower than that. “I will not discuss our love or tonight ever again. It’s too…painful,” she concluded, nearly choking on a sob.
Cindy’s stoic look was now gone. It had been replaced with the painful expression of fallen hopes and shipwrecked dreams. Her eyes were now full of tears. Tears that revealed that she was hurting deep down in a place that even Andre couldn’t reach. Tears that she didn’t even bother to try to hide now. 
But then again, there was no need to hide her pain from him anyway. Andre knew Cindy better than anyone else on the face of the earth. And because he knew her so well, he should have known what lingering in Julie’s apartment would do to Cindy’s self-esteem. How horrible she would feel after he’d taken her back to the scene of the crime.
Seeing Cindy in so much pain tore at Andre’s heart. He wanted to hug away her pain and kiss away her doubts. But as he observed Cindy sitting there with that accusingly mournful, yet closed look on her face, Andre knew that there was nothing he could do right now but leave. Her mind was undoubtedly firmly made up.
After Andre left, Cindy went up to her old bedroom, ran a hot bath, and cried until the water turned as cold as she felt her heart had. Her romance with Andre was over before they’d ever really begun. 
As of now, I’m through with love, Cindy mused, officially taking herself off the dating market and any other market that had to do with romance. 
* * *
Back at his apartment, Andre showered and changed into his pajamas. Reluctantly, he entered the dining room that held so many fresh memories of passion and heartbreak. He had to dispose of the food they’d neglected earlier. 
When he went to turn the light switch off, he saw something black hanging from the polished brass ceiling fan above. It was Cindy’s silk underwear. 
So ‘that’s’ what she was looking for, Andre deduced. As he grabbed the item, he felt laughter bubble up inside of him. 
Andre laughed about how ridiculous their dissension was, about how smart Julie obviously thought she’d been, and about how utterly powerless he felt in his life right now. 
Slowly Andre’s laughter turned to tears as the reality of his breakup finally sunk in. I should have listened to Dad ‘and’ my heart. I should have married Cindy first. That way, I wouldn’t be faced with the torment of having had her and having lost her all in one night. 
Going over to the sofa, Andre wholeheartedly surrendered to the overwhelming grief and regret bombarding his mind. Ironically even his sobs were melodious, though heartrending nevertheless.

Chapter 17
In the days following their breakup, Cindy refused all subsequent phone calls and visits from Andre. Their families didn’t know what to make of the situation. Although Cindy wouldn’t talk to them about it, they suspected that it had something to do with Julie’s Fourth of July visit to the Bloom house.
Andre was a steel vault, too. He also refused to tell anyone what had gone wrong between two people who obviously loved each other very deeply. 
In his silence, the seeds of bitterness began to sprout in his soul. Andre found himself growing increasingly resentful that Cindy, who’d never known for him to have more than one woman at a time, would actually believe that he would cheat on her out of all people. That she would continue to sentence him to Charles’ prison of infidelity without doing everything she could to see if he was innocent first. Even the hardest of criminals deserved a fair trial.
After about a month of dodging questions from their families, Cindy announced that she’d found a house of her own in a nearby subdivision. Mavis and Eric tried to convince her to stay, but Cindy adamantly declined. 
With no furniture and only her clothes to transport, she was thoroughly moved into her new place within two weeks. Then in order to narrow down the chances of running into Andre even more, Cindy moved her office into the den of her three-bedroom home. However, there was nothing she could do about church, but grit her teeth and bear it whenever she saw him.
Fortunately, Cindy’s new place gave her an opportunity to grieve alone, away from family questions and inquisitive eyes. Yes, her loved ones had helped her heart heal from Charles. But that had been easy compared to this thing with Andre. Plus, they hadn’t liked Charles anyway and thus had even more motivation to help her get over him. 
It was an entirely different story with Andre. First of all, he was a longtime family friend whom they all loved. Secondly, he had almost unlimited access to the Bloom family and their homes and was completely integrated into their social lives. 
As a result, Cindy had to leave her sister’s home. She didn’t want their breakup to come between Andre and her family. Especially since Andre and Tim were considered the sons that her father never had. In fact, when they were growing up, Michael kept them in the boxing club he owned, teaching them everything he knew. He even taught his girls a thing or two about the sport.
The first night Cindy spent in her new place; she lay in bed with a look of wonder upon her face. She was amazed by how much her life had changed in just nine short months.
In just nine months, she’d gotten divorced and been betrayed by not one, but two men that she loved and thought loved her. Although Cindy had been married to Charles for six years, it was the memories of her time with Andre that kept her awake that first night. It was Andre’s love and body that she craved that night and every night after that. It was Andre that Cindy would love forever.
* * *
One late October evening, Mavis called a family meeting at her parents’ house. Eric had something very important to talk to them about. Cindy was scheduled to be there. Andre was invited, too.
As a pediatrician, Eric’s heart had been stirred to action by the steady rise in the number of babies born addicted to drugs in their community. As a result of their need to make a difference, Eric and some of his colleagues decided to open a facility that would cater to those special needs children who were often born prematurely, with birth defects and/or with an addiction that they didn’t deserve. 
Eric and his colleagues ran into problems when they realized that their funds didn’t match the facility’s steep operating budget. They needed additional funding to help fray the costs of maintaining continuous care for these children until decent homes and families could be found for the ones who could not be returned back to their relatives due to a perpetually destructive environment.
As Cindy sat in the living room listening to Eric talk, her mind immediately began to envision ways that she could help. She thought about how the holiday season would soon be upon them. About how this was a time when people’s hearts were more inclined to give. 
Add in good talent, dress up attire, good food, and viola’, you have a successful fundraiser, Cindy mused from experience, recalling how charitable her ex-husband’s business colleagues and clients had been during holiday fundraisers.
As Cindy told the group her ideas, they all became even more excited to help Eric in this worthy endeavor. A tentative guest list was even started by Mavis. 
Andre stepped up to the plate and offered them his newly renovated restaurant with its center stage and spacious ballroom, along with an abundance of catered food. He also volunteered his talents. 
Straightaway Eric recruited Cindy and Andre to collaborate on the fundraiser. Cindy found herself unable to refuse that request. Everyone knew how well she and Andre worked together. Even she couldn’t deny that they made a great team in every way.
Before they left the family meeting, Cindy tried to secure a time to meet with Andre for the following week. “I’m available Friday at 6pm,” she said, trying not to get lost in his ebony eyes. It was just so easy to love this man. So easy to want to be loved by him in return.
“That’s not a good time for me at all,” Andre replied. 
Cindy frowned. Was he trying to be difficult now? He was usually very accommodating to her schedule.
“You see, I took your advice and carved out some time to start working on a demo CD. I don’t get out of the studio until about 9pm,” Andre explained, as if he could read her mind. She didn’t have to know that he started that project to keep his mind off of her and to get rid of the bitterness that sought to claim his soul. That singing had become very therapeutic for him. 
“Good for you.” Cindy smiled her approval.
Andre nodded, stifling a yawn as he rubbed the back of his tense neck. He looked tired. 
Andre was tired. Tired of holding in his feelings for Cindy, tired of being apart from the woman he loved, tired of the misunderstanding between them. He was also tired of working himself to the bone every day and night, just to escape thoughts of Cindy, only to later be tormented in his sleep by images of her, of them passionately together in the closest of ways.
Involuntarily, Cindy’s hands went to Andre’s face. She gently ran her fingers in a path from his temple to his chin, cupping and caressing his immaculately trimmed beard. 
Andre felt as if Cindy was caressing his soul instead of his face. He closed his eyes in pleasure, relaxing in and enjoying her touch. It had been so long. Too long since he’d felt such joy.
“Come to my house after your session,” Cindy said softly, relishing the feel of Andre’s skin. She missed touching him at leisure.
Huh? What? Is she saying what I want and need her to say? Andre’s pulse quickened. His eyes flew open, searching Cindy’s dark brown pools for answers.
Realizing that Andre may have misinterpreted her words and reckless actions, Cindy awkwardly removed her hands. She clasped them tightly together in front of her; lest she start popping her knuckles or worse, return her hands to his face. 
“Um…I meant for our meeting. We can have our meeting at my house after your session,” Cindy clarified, trying to stay focused on the Children’s Hope Center fundraiser instead of her lingering love and desire for Andre. 
Andre’s hopes were thoroughly dashed. It showed on his face for a fleeting moment before quickly disappearing. He sighed wearily. “I see. Well then, I’ll be there around 9:30pm.” Then after taking the written directions she handed him, Andre left the Bloom home. 
Neither Andre nor Cindy noticed the group of people who’d silently watched their heartrending exchange. The onlookers shook their heads at the absurdity of the star-crossed lovers’ inability to reconcile. Or rather unwillingness to reconcile at least on Cindy’s part, because Andre seemed very willing a few minutes ago.
He was. Truthfully, Andre probably would always be willing to reconcile with Cindy. Which meant his love life was officially on hold, too.
* * *
Later that night, Andre placed a call to his father. He needed to talk to someone about his feelings for Cindy. The anger and bitterness had long since dissipated, but the love just wasn’t going away. 
Even though it was late and Timothy was out of town at a conference, he and his wife made it a point to always be available to talk with their sons. Tonight was no different.
“What’s on your mind, son?” Timothy asked as he watched his beautiful wife sleeping soundly next to him, exhausted from their long day of meetings. 
Timothy and Doreen were part of a speaking/teaching circuit who taught others how to be effective missionaries. They’d been at it literally from sun up to sun down today.
“Cindy,” was Andre’s honest answer as he lounged on his living room sofa. He was too tired to walk to the bedroom after having a shower and eating a light dinner of chicken salad and cherry tomatoes. 
“I can’t seem to shake this love that I have for her. It’s only gotten stronger since our breakup. Sometimes I even feel tormented by it,” Andre continued, sighing with relief. He had no idea that saying those words out loud would feel so good, so liberating.
Timothy was silent for a brief moment as he collected his thoughts. When he finally spoke, it was with wisdom. “Son, when we confess our sins to Jesus, what happens to them?”
“They are forgiven and we are cleansed from them,” Andre responded, very familiar with 1 John 1:9. Having parents of faith had allotted him and Tim a childhood sprinkled generously with rich biblical passages. 
But what did that scripture have to do with this situation?  
Andre would soon find out. 
“That’s right,” Timothy replied. “And just like keeping un-confessed sin in your life will harm you, keeping what happened between you and Cindy inside can’t be good for you, either. Especially if it’s causing torment.” He chuckled good-naturedly and added, “Now, I’m not saying that you have to tell me what happened. But you need to talk to somebody.”
“But Cindy won’t listen to me anymore! And when she did, she wouldn’t believe the truth,” Andre countered as he sat up to retrieve his drink from the coffee table. The hot tea felt good going down and the herbal ingredients therein would help him sleep.
“Jesus will. Start with Him,” Timothy replied in a more serious tone. “Then once you get that unexplainable peace flowing in your heart, be open to whom God will lead you to talk to next.” 
“I hear you, Dad,” Andre replied, taking every word in for deep consideration.
“Good. And be repentant, son. We all make mistakes. So let Jesus straighten you out first and then trust him to straighten out everything else in your life.” Timothy suppressed a yawn. He’d stretched himself as far as he could go today. If he stayed awake much longer, his thoughts would become less focused, more muddled with drowsiness. 
Andre sighed again and sat his black mug back down on the table. “Thanks, Dad. For waking up to talk to me, for not pressuring me to tell you stuff that I’m still too ashamed to talk about, and most of all, for not judging me. Just thanks for everything.”
“You’re welcome, son.” Timothy yawned, unable to suppress that one. It was time to go beddie-bye.
Andre chuckled at his sleepy father. “Goodnight, Dad,” he said, ready to let his father get some much needed rest. 
After they hung up, Andre prayed, following his father’s advice to the letter. It was time for a change. A big change.
By the time Andre finally drifted off to sleep, he’d made things right between him and the Lord again. Now he was waiting for the Lord to help him make amends with Cindy. Especially since he still believed that she was supposed to be his wife.

Chapter 18
Friday came too quickly for Cindy. With it came mixed feelings about Andre’s visit. 
On one hand, Cindy was excited about him seeing the house which, if she was truly honest with herself, she’d bought with Andre in mind. It was the same house that she pointed out during one of their many outings with the kids, so she knew he’d love it. And the fresh walnut trees in the back yard would be perfect for the numerous desserts he liked to make. 
On the other hand, Cindy was nervous about Andre’s visit. This would be the first time they were completely alone since the breakup. A-L-O-N-E, without anyone to buffer the strong electricity that often charged the air around them. 
Would they be able to withstand their intense attraction to each other? An attraction that stubbornly wouldn’t leave no matter what either of them did to try to send it away.
No, I’m not going to worry. This meeting is for a worthy cause. I can’t let my personal life interfere with this, Cindy decided, lying to herself. 
If her personal life wasn’t still a factor here, why else would she be standing in front of the bathroom mirror applying her favorite pecan-flavored lip-gloss? Why would she then go to the full-length mirror in her bedroom to check her overall appearance? For the fourth time!
Oh, yes, seeing Andre again was definitely a personal matter for her. Always would be.
In front of the mirror, Cindy smoothed down the bodice of the lavender silk dress she wore. She couldn’t help wondering if Andre would like how the long garment hugged her curves. If he would like her hair pulled back into the lavender scarf twister she wore tonight or if he preferred it loose.  
Stop it! Cindy scolded herself, abruptly turning away from the mirror. Okay, I can get through this; she mused, closing her eyes as she took a deep breath and then exhaled slowly. 
* * *
At 9:45pm Andre arrived. Sensing the same tiredness in him as before, Cindy immediately discussed the main issues of the fundraisers such as seating capacity, menu, security and staff selection. Because her printed notes were well organized and precise, she and Andre covered everything rather quickly. 
Towards the end of their meeting, Cindy remembered that she hadn’t offered Andre any refreshments. She quickly apologized for her oversight and went to fix some of the herbal tea he liked so much. He actually started her to drinking it. 
With the tea and her choice of homes, Andre’s influence in Cindy’s life was more than evident. No wonder it was so hard to get over him.
Returning to the living room minutes later, Cindy handed one of the red mugs to Andre. As soon as their hands touched, that familiar electrical charge flowed through them, causing her to back up a bit to avoid spilling the hot liquid. 
Get it together, girl, Cindy scolded herself, willing her hands to stop shaking.
Seeing the trembles in her hands, Andre stepped in to help. He carefully assisted her in lowering the mugs onto two wooden drink coasters on the oval-shaped glass coffee table nearby. 
“It’s going to be all right,” Andre told Cindy soothingly as he reached for her now free hands and just held them for a long bittersweet moment. He gazed intently into her soulful eyes, seeing pain that mirrored his own. The breakup had clearly been hard on them both.
“Is it?” Cindy whispered, blinking back tears. 
“Yes. Somehow, some way, God is going to help us work everything out,” Andre replied in faith, gently pulling her to him for a comforting hug. It thrilled him when she willingly entered his embrace. 
Once Cindy was fully in his arms, Andre closed his eyes, took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. That long tired breath revealed emotional and physical fatigue.
Sensing his extreme fatigue, Cindy’s friendship barometer took over. Before Andre was ever her lover, he was her friend for many years. Her good friend at that. Cindy couldn’t just stand back and not try to do something to help him in his time of need.
What would Jesus do at a time like this? she wondered, trying to make better decisions these days by bringing God in on every situation. 
“You’re too tired to drive home, Dre. Just stay in one of my guestrooms tonight,” Cindy offered, smoothly moving out of his embrace before she got too comfortable there. 
 “Are you sure?” Andre asked, trying to stifle a yawn even as he reluctantly released her.
Cindy grinned. “Yes, boy,” she replied, speaking to him in a teasing tone for the first time in a long time. “Now let me show you where you’ll sleep.” Then she led the way to one of the guestrooms.
Interestingly enough, they both forgot all about their drinks.
Following a few feet behind Cindy, Andre watched her sexy bottom sway in that long dress. His hands tingled at the memory of how good it felt to squeeze her suppleness. 
I wish I was sleeping with you tonight, Andre thought, suddenly not feeling so tired after all. 
Just as suddenly, a fresh wave of conviction washed over him. With that wave came a reminder of how badly things turned out the last time Andre surrendered to his flesh. That painful memory quickly caused his passion to wean.
No, no more sinning. The next time we unite will be in marriage, Andre mused determinedly. Then he quickly repented for his lustful thoughts and focused his attention on the other aspects of his pleasant surroundings. 
The guestroom Cindy showed Andre contained a comfortable looking, queen-sized sleigh bed with a set of deep green and sea blue cotton luxury bedding. A long mirrored oak dresser and a tall matching chest completed the furnishings. It was a neutral room that could be used by a male or female. 
“I love it, Cindy. It’s almost like a sanctuary,” Andre said, reminded of the bird sanctuaries their state had. Every winter several hundred thousand geese from Canada spent their time on the lakes of southern Illinois.   
Cindy smiled, pleased that he liked the room and that he thought of it as a peaceful place. “Thanks, Dre. Now try to get some rest.” Then after showing him where the main bathroom was, she left to take care of the mugs they still hadn’t used. 
A short while later, Cindy prepared for bed herself. When she finally got underneath the covers, she found sleep far from her. Her soul and body were too wired up to go to sleep right now. As for her spirit, it was restless, too. Blame it on all the unresolved feelings she still had for Andre. 
Determined to soothe all three parts of her being at least for the moment, Cindy did something that she knew would get the job done right – pray.  
* * *
Feeling refreshed after taking a long relaxing hot shower, Andre wrapped a thick black towel around his waist and tiptoed towards the dark kitchen and attached laundry room. He didn’t want to wake his hostess as he ventured to put his clothes in the washing machine. 
Hearing movement in the house, Cindy came out of her bedroom to investigate. Dressed in a pink midriff sleep-set, she walked into the kitchen just as Andre was coming out of the laundry room. 
“Same old, Dre,” Cindy said, shaking her head at him with a wide grin on her face. “You just had to get your clothes clean, didn’t you? I bet just the thought of re-wearing those clothes tomorrow drove the tiredness right out of you.”
Grinning, Andre started to say, “No, being around you, lovely lady, did that to me.” Instead he said, “You know me only too well, Cindy.” 
Cindy did know him well. She also knew something else – that she still wanted him. Immensely. That was achingly obvious in her body. Perhaps she should have prayed a little while longer.
Folding her arms across her stimulated bosom, Cindy tried to hide the evidence of her desire. She also tried hard not to stare at Andre’s muscular chest and washboard stomach as he moved about the kitchen, wearing only a towel. That black towel suddenly reminded her of something else. 
I wonder what he did with my…nope, I’m not going there, Cindy mused, willing her mind to behave. “I would have cleaned your clothes for you. All you had to do was ask,” she said aloud, speaking to keep certain thoughts at bay.
“I didn’t want to inconvenience you any more than I already have,” Andre replied, leaning up against a nearby countertop.
“Being nice to you is no inconvenience, Dre. That’s my job as hostess. It’s my privilege as your friend.” 
Andre bristled at the word ‘friend’, but he quickly recovered. If that was all she could offer him right now, he’d take it. It was better than the silent treatment he’d had recently from her.
“Anyway, while we wait for the washer to finish, let’s sit and talk about these recording sessions of yours. Are you having fun with them? Are they going well?” Cindy said, determined to focus on something else besides her lingering love and attraction to Andre.
After he took the seat next to her at the country blue breakfast nook, they begin to talk like beloved old friends again. The banter was easy and the conversation was lighthearted. 
When Andre’s clothes were washed and then put into the dryer, the reconciled amigos retired to separate bedrooms where peaceful slumber awaited them. 

Chapter 19
In Harrelton, Florida, Charles sat in his office sulking. He still couldn’t believe that the firm hadn’t made him a partner last month. Their reason – his clientele had dropped tremendously in the last ten months. 
Tell me something I don’t know, Charles thought vehemently, flinging a sharp dart towards the black bull’s-eye across the room. Unfortunately, it landed well outside the outer red perimeter.  
Deep down inside Charles suspected that he’d been passed over for that promotion because of his divorce from Cindy, too. Especially since the person who got the partnership had the same amount of clients as him. 
Charles overlooked the fact that Calvin Woodruff, the firm’s newest partner, had steadily built his clientele up to that level. That Calvin hadn’t been reduced to that level like him. That the firm had simply taken a chance on the man going up instead of down.
All Charles could focus on right now was Cindy’s part in his missed opportunity. Even now he recalled how all the senior partners had loved her. Even more so after she successfully coordinated several of their children’s parties. 
The more Charles thought about it, the more he realized that nothing had been the same at his job since he divorced Cindy. Even the secretaries treated him differently now, constantly making errors in his typed documents and giving him coffee that had to have been made from scorched beans. 
On top of all that, Charles even lost Samantha. The same Samantha that he’d cheated on his wife with. Even his family had loved the bronze-skinned attorney and for once Charles had been in agreement with their affection. 
But Samantha had been no good. In the end, she betrayed them all.
Even Cindy was more loyal than her, Charles mused, flinging another dart towards the bull’s-eye. It, too, landed well outside the outer perimeter. I can’t even do this right anymore, he mused angrily.
Just then, Charles heard Samantha’s voice and a few others laughing outside of his office door. Although the door was closed, he could still clearly make out two distinct voices. 
Samantha was chatting it up with Calvin Woodruff again. From the sound of her husky flirtatious chuckle, the man had gotten a little bit more than a promotion recently. Calvin had obviously gotten Samantha, too. 
Now furious, Charles planted himself more firmly in his seat, trying hard not to get up and open the door to throttle the both of them. Samantha had been a traitor through and through. 
I don’t know why I didn’t see the signs before now, Charles mused.
He first noticed subtle changes in Samantha when his caseload sharply dropped due to disgruntled clients that had grown tired of his continual neglect. Her calls gradually became fewer and she rarely had time for him anymore, citing business reasons. 
Samantha had even less time for his family. She showed her true colors to them first when she backstabbed his female relatives by personally getting their names taken off the esteemed guest list of the mayor’s daughter’s bridal shower.
Then when Charles failed to make partner as expected, Samantha promptly broke off their relationship. She claimed that it just wasn’t working for her anymore. 
“Women! Who needs them?” Charles huffed in his lonely office. Innately he knew that he did. He needed at least one woman – Cindy. 
If I’m ever going to make partner at this firm, I have to get Cindy back. That thought brought him promptly to his feet. 
The Land of Lincoln, here I come, Charles mused, referring to the nickname the people of Illinois fondly called their state. 
Having been married to an Illinoisan, he recalled how proud Cindy had been of the fact that Abraham Lincoln, the 16th president of the United States, had lived most of his life in her home state. How she even tried to get him to visit Lincoln’s gravesite in Springfield, the state’s capital city.
Charles had refused her request back then because he’d had his own agenda while living in Illinois during his law school years. Now he was willing to do that and more to win Cindy back. 
* * *
Getting off the plane in Illinois a few days later, Charles hurried to the first available cab. He couldn’t wait to check into his warm hotel room. 
He’d forgotten all about the unpredictable Illinois weather. How its climate could change sharply from day to day, especially during the wintertime. How at times the temperature was known to change as much as 20 °F (11 °C) in an hour. Those rapid changes in temperature were caused by winds that could sweep into the prairie state from any direction since there were no mountains to block them.
After obtaining his room key and changing into a warmer set of clothes, Charles hailed another taxi and went straightway to the main Bloom household. He chose that destination under the assumption that Cindy would be staying with her parents, still brokenhearted over him. 
Where else would she be? What else could she be doing, besides grieving for me? Charles arrogantly thought, still convinced that he had an inroad into Cindy’s heart.  
* * *
Inside the Bloom family residence, Cindy, Mavis, and their parents sat in the den playing their usual Saturday night game of cards. Eric and the kids were at home, eating pizza and watching movies. 
Tonight it was Cindy and Michael against Wilma and Mavis. Cindy’s team was winning and she was enjoying it to the fullest. While she laughed, her family stole satisfied glances at each other.
They were pleased that Cindy’s smile was finally reaching up to her eyes again. That, more than anything else, was a clear sign that her heart was healing again and they were glad. So glad.
The Bloom family would be even happier if Cindy and Andre made a full reconciliation, complete with marriage licenses.
Just then, the loud doorbell rang above their merriment. 
“I wonder who that is,” Wilma said, putting down an ace of spade, securing another book for her team.
Michael got up to answer the door. “It’s probably Dre. He was supposed to stop by later to pick up the golf clubs I borrowed from him.”
Stilling her emotions not to respond as they often did when Andre was around, Cindy felt her back stiffen slightly. Even though their friendship had been salvaged from the ashes of their fiery breakup, a part of her still wanted more from him. Probably always would.
On top of that, Andre was getting even more handsome with each passing day, if that was even possible. Every time Cindy saw him, it became that much harder to resist going back to him. 
Over the months that they’d been apart, he’d grown his hair out and was keeping it professionally done in micro ethnic twists. The new look suited Andre just as much as the old look, if not more. In fact, he was beyond gorgeous now.
Taking a deep breath, Cindy braced herself for his presence. 
But the man that strolled into the den with her father was not Andre at all. It was Charles Kirkland. 
Suddenly, it was as if the tornado of March 1925 had returned to Illinois. That storm had killed six hundred and six people. How many would this one destroy?

Chapter 20
Though thinner now due to his stress related weight loss, Charles was still just as impeccably dressed as ever in the navy-blue Italian suit, thick black wool overcoat and matching hat he wore. His posture was still just as erect. His head was still held high in confidence as he encountered…Cindy?
Where was the downtrodden woman he expected to see today? The woman that he thought was ripe for his taking? 
The word ‘downtrodden’ must have been dropped from the dictionary and the thesaurus, because it was nowhere close to describing the Cindy that Charles saw today. 
Wow! She looks great. Even better than she did with me, he was forced to admit to himself. 
Charles had forgotten just how gorgeous and voluptuous his ex-wife really was. Cindy’s distinctive dark beauty had been one of the things that had attracted him to her all those years ago. Her hair had been another.
It was Cindy’s hair that held Charles’ attention now. He couldn’t seem to stop looking at it. 
It looks even better long. Maybe I’ll let her keep it that way once we get back together, Charles thought self-confidently. 
Yet the image of Cindy looking so healthy, so at peace with herself without him, did shake his confidence a bit. Okay, it shook his confidence a lot. Inwardly, Charles wanted to turn around and go back the way he came for fear that this Cindy would reject him as he had her not so long ago. 
Meanwhile, hot fury invaded Cindy’s body at the very sight of her ex-husband. She didn’t think Charles so handsome now. Nor did she find him the least bit desirable. To her, he was the scum of the earth.
“What are you doing here, Charles?” Cindy spat out his name as if it was something extremely distasteful on her tongue. To her it was.
“Now, honey, just calm down a minute.” Charles held up his right hand in an attempt to pacify her anger. “I came here to apologize for the way I treated you in the past. I’m sorry I cheated on you and…” The rest of his words were cut off by the loud sound of the doorbell ringing again. 
“Press pause, Charles,” Michael said, holding his own right hand up. “Wait until I get back from answering the door to finish, because we all want to hear this.” Then the grinning older man quickly darted out of the room. 
Despite her ire, Cindy almost chuckled at her father’s amusing behavior. And she had no idea that he could move so fast.
Charles pursed his lips to keep from frowning. He hadn’t expected to encounter a fortress of anger from Cindy or so much open interest from her family. He was starting to feel even more uneasy now. 
Cindy had always been so much easier to manage before. Did her strength rest in the fact that she was around her family now? After all, it had just been the two of them at their home in Harrelton. Not even his family had been around to interfere since they never fully accepted Cindy anyway. 
I have to find a way to get her alone, Charles deduced, ready to isolate his ex-wife so that his words and charm could have more of an affect on her. 
“Cindy, can I speak to you alone?” Charles asked, trying to ignore Wilma and Mavis in the background. Both women were glaring at him with their hands placed obstinately upon their hips.
Before Cindy could answer, Michael returned with Andre in tow. Now a sticky situation had just gotten stickier. 
Cindy’s heart went out to Andre as his ebony pools shifted from her to Charles, trying to mentally assess the situation at hand. Her throat went dry. She couldn’t get a word out even if she did know what to say in this tense moment. 
Charles and Andre briefly acknowledged each other with a mutual nod. “Charles,” Andre said, adding a verbal greeting to his nod. Having done the courteous thing, he returned his intense gaze to Cindy, giving her one of his questioning looks. 
At Andre’s look, she nervously bit her bottom lip and unconsciously popped the knuckles on her ring finger. What was Cindy to say? She didn’t even know why Charles was here. And she seriously doubted that it was just to apologize. He could have done that over the telephone.
Refusing to waste one word on Andre, not even in greeting, Charles concentrated instead on the exchange between Cindy and her childhood friend. It was obvious that something was different between the two of them. Or had something romantic been going on between them the whole time? 
I knew all those calls she placed to her so-called ‘brother’ were more than they seemed. Nobody’s that close, Charles thought, becoming even more determined to accomplish what he’d come here for. 
Shifting to the left, Charles stood directly in front of Cindy, blocking her view of Andre. “Baby, can we please go somewhere and talk? I love you and I want you back in my life. I miss you, Cindy. Please come back to me. Please be my wife again.” Charles kept his voice deliberately gentle, the way he’d practiced in the taxi ride over here.
“What?!” Mavis and Wilma echoed. 
Michael and Andre stood silently watching, waiting for Cindy’s response.
“I…uh...” Cindy stammered out. She was flabbergasted, shocked, and afraid. 
Afraid of what?
Afraid of looking Andre’s way now, which is why she promptly lowered her eyes from his gaze when he shifted back into her direct line of vision. Cindy didn’t want to see the hurt that she knew was there. Hurt that undoubtedly came from the assumption that she might actually be conducive to reconciling with her ex-husband. Surely Charles must have assumed the same thing. Why else would the man have come all this long way? 
Not giving Cindy the chance to see his pain, Andre quickly hooded his eyes. “This is obviously a family moment. I’ll come back tomorrow for those clubs, Mr. Bloom,” he said, before quickly exiting the room.
Watching Andre leave seemed to snap Cindy out of her daze. She felt like her heart was leaving with him. And when she heard the front door slam shut in the distance not even a minute later, she felt something snap within her. 
That’s when Cindy realized that it was time to finally let herself go in every way. Time to finally release all of her pent-up emotional steam on the right person, the one who deserved all of her anger and none of her love – Charles. 
“I’m not going anywhere with you, Charles!” Cindy raged with clenched fists at her sides. “And I certainly don’t want you back. Ever! You hurt me too deeply. Although I’ve forgiven you, I wouldn’t dare go back to that type of relationship for anything. I wouldn’t ever be able to trust you again. And love without trust is nothing.” As she spoke, she glared at the unwelcome intruder in her life, willing him to leave right behind Andre.
“But I’ve changed, Cindy. You got to believe me,” Charles countered, trying to sound his most convincing.
“I don’t care if you have changed, Charles.” Cindy waved his words off dismissively. “And I don’t need or want to believe you anymore. I certainly don’t want another life with you! As a matter of fact, my life is better without you,” she spat out, thrilled that her ex-husband’s charm no longer worked on her. Elated that the spell was broken. 
After her experience with a generous man like Andre, there was no way Cindy was going to go back to a selfish man like Charles. Even if she deemed them both cheaters, she now knew that Charles was the worst of the two because he violated the sacred vows of marriage.
Charles’ brows rose at Cindy’s fervor. When did she get so fiery? he thought as his plans unraveled before his very eyes. How dare she talk to me like this?! I don’t care how beautiful she looks. As dark as she is, she ought to be glad someone like me even wants her. 
“You bet I’m leaving! My family always said you were beneath me anyway,” Charles retorted, now looking at Cindy with open disgust and contempt. Before he could say another word, her right fist connected with his left eye, sending him staggering back across the black and white-tiled floor. 
“Now you have a black eye to go with your pretty green one. Playboy, you are played out!” Cindy raged, before attacking the shocked man again. 
This time, she jumped on Charles’ back, scratched both sides of his face with her long nails, pulled fistfuls of his curly hair out from the roots and bit his right ear with her front teeth like a mad woman. 
Cindy was mad all right. Not the insane kind of mad, but the I’m-tired-of-you-trying-to-take-advantage-of-me type of mad.
Even though his face bore a wide grin, Michael immediately began to pull his daughter free of Charles. But not just yet. Most certainly not just yet. 
That’s it, baby girl, one more knee in the back and that ought to do it, Michael mused, allowing Cindy to get in a few extra hits before removing her from her ex-husband’s frame.
Then grabbing the stunned man by the collar, Michael snatched Charles up from the floor as if he weighed nothing. Slamming the man’s crushed black hat upon his head, he forcibly escorted Charles out of the house, using language Cindy had never heard him utter before. 
After Charles left, the Bloom family laughed until they cried. Just the memory of Cindy boxing Charles’ eye kept them going for hours. Not to mention all the other stuff she did to him.
“Cindy, girl, you got to show me how to do that fancy right hook.” Mavis gestured, trying to mimic her sister’s boxing moves. She couldn’t wait to tell Eric about what happened here tonight.
* * *
Early the next day, Mavis made her way to the kitchen to cook breakfast while Eric got the kids up, started on their morning baths and then ready for church. She’d barely gathered the ingredients together before the house phone rang.  
Not in the mood to mince words, Andre got straight to the point when she answered the phone. “Are they getting back together or what?”
“They who?” Mavis asked innocently, knowing full well whom he was referring to. 
“Stop playing, Mav. You know I’m still in love with your sister,” Andre said impatiently, causing her to chuckle. “So tell me everything that happened after I left last night and don’t leave anything out.”
“Okay,” Mavis replied, ready to tell him all. “First of all, Cindy and Charles are not getting back together. As a matter of fact, I doubt if we’ll ever see him again. Especially after what Cindy did to him last night.” 
“What did she do to him?”
Mavis couldn’t help but burst out laughing in memory of that fantastic scene at her parents’ house. When she was somewhat calmer, she began to relay detail after detail about last night’s events, cooking as she talked. 
Andre chuckled when she got to the part about Cindy punching Charles with a right hook. By the time she got to the pulling the hair out and biting the ear parts, he was roaring with rich laughter. 
“I love it,” Andre said in between guffaws. He was fully aware of the fire that their little Cindy had inside of her. Even now his body stirred at the memory of that steamy fateful night, causing his mirth to wean considerably. 
Walking over to his dresser with the black cordless phone in hand, Andre opened the top drawer and fondled the now clean silk memento of his memorable night with Cindy. In one night of mind-blowing passion, she’d spoiled him for any other woman. There would be no other woman for him. Cindy was the one. Andre just had to continue to be patient until she came to the same conclusion that he had. 
“Now that I’ve told you what you wanted to know, you got to tell me what I want to know,” Mavis bartered after she concluded her lengthy recap. 
She’d been trying to get to the root of Andre and Cindy’s breakup for months with no progress, because the principal parties were so tight-lipped. As the protective older sister, she had a strong desire to help Cindy straighten out her personal life, whether she wanted her to or not. Mavis saw this moment as the perfect opportunity to do so.
“You’re right. What’s fair is fair.” Then Andre began telling Mavis how Julie set him up that Fourth of July night. How she lied when he took Cindy over there to confront her. And how she called him days later to gloat in triumph, pleased about all the unhappiness and pain she’d caused him.
“That Julie is a vindictive little something, isn’t she?” Mavis said lividly. “I never did like her.”
“Yes, she was trying to make sure I wouldn’t be happy without her,” Andre replied. “It’s ironic that she ended up being even unhappier than me.” 
Then he told Mavis what Neisha learned through a mutual friend of her and Julie’s. About how Julie couldn’t find gainful employment anywhere and recently had to move back in with her family. How even her car had gotten repossessed. Now Julie was fortunate to even have a roof over her head, though she still scraped up enough money to visit the beauty salon once a month just to keep up appearances and to hopefully snag a wealthy man with her beauty. 
“Sounds to me like Julie has been doing a bit of reaping from all that bad seed she’s been sowing,” Mavis said upon hearing that update. “But enough about her. It’s time for Big Sister Mav to see how she can get you and Cindy back together.” Turning her food down on low, Mavis grabbed a pen and a sheet of paper from the black message rack on the countertop and began to make an impromptu list.
“Do you really think there’s still hope for us?” Andre asked, wondering if he should have enlisted Mavis’ help months ago. 
“I know there is,” the confident woman replied. “Now give me Tim and Neisha’s cell phone numbers. I’m going to need their help, as well.” After writing down those numbers, Mavis hung up the phone. Besides finishing breakfast for her family, she had a whole list of other things to do in a short period of time.
Chapter 21
The night of the fundraiser finally arrived. The theme Cindy chose was in line with the spirit of Thanksgiving – Let this Cause, cause others to be thankful, too. 
The colors she chose for the event were purple and gold. Both were festive and elegant just like the purple and gold-trimmed sequined gown Cindy wore tonight. 
From left to right, there were sparkling purple and gold banners. Balloon trees were displayed throughout the restaurant and ballroom. Each banner contained tonight’s theme and the image of a child’s hand enclosed by an adult’s hand. Each balloon tree added a touch of fun to the formal occasion. Nevertheless, the resounding message throughout the evening was a serious one.
That message: How important it was for responsible adults in society to help the hurting children that lived among them. 
Even as Eric stood at the glass podium delivering his speech, Cindy’s prayer was that tonight’s message would be well received. That each listener’s heart would be stirred to give according to his or her faith and ability. After all, dozens of needy children in their community were counting on the success of this night.
“In conclusion, without taking away from the obvious need to continue to support hurting children all over the world, we must keep sight of the fact that charity begins at home,” Eric continued. “There are valid needs to be met right here in our own community. I want to thank you in advance for helping to meet those needs,” he concluded, bringing his speech to a satisfied end. 
As Eric stepped down from the podium, the applause was deafening. People all over the room began to deposit their numerous and sizable checks into the three carefully guarded purple and gold bins aligning the stage. 
When the final tally was determined sometime later, it was proudly announced that they’d raised $300,000 towards the Children’s Hope Center. How impressive!
Then when the two on-hand media crews interviewed Eric and his partners, Eric personally thanked Cindy and Andre for their help. He used their full names and places of business, saving them thousands of dollars in advertising costs with that plug.
As Andre closed the night out with a final rendition of Luther Vandross’ ‘Anyone Who Had A Heart’, Cindy stood there in the shadows of the romantically lit ballroom, listening intently and wishing that she had two more ears to enjoy the wonderful sounds with. She felt lovingly caressed by each deep soulful note Andre skillfully belted out. She also felt so…hot! Deliciously hot.
“Anyone who had a heart would surely take me in her arms and always love me. Why don’t you? Anyone who had a heart would love me too,” Andre sang, offering those words from his heart as if they had originated with him and no one else.
I do love you, Dre. So much that it hurts not to have you, baby love. But why did you have to cheat and tarnish our love? Cindy mused sorrowfully, suddenly feeling a strong need to cry.
Just then, Mavis tapped her on the right shoulder. “Baby sis, we need to talk.” 
When Cindy saw how serious her sister looked, she quickly followed her to the back, no questions asked. Mavis was not the type to request impromptu meetings at a fundraiser. 
This must be serious, Cindy mused, forgetting her own pain for the moment.
* * *
In the spotless yellow and green ladies restroom, Mavis got right to the point. “Andre was right about Julie. She set you two up for failure and I have proof.” Then she pulled a small recorder out of her purse and played it for Cindy. 
On that recording was Neisha confronting Julie at their favorite beauty salon about the night Cindy and Andre broke up. Julie could be heard bragging about how she was glad she broke them up. About how gullible Cindy was to believe her over Andre, a man that she has known and trusted for all her life. About how if Cindy was stupid enough to do that, then she didn’t deserve him anyway. 
Cindy listened in silence. She felt like such a fool for taking Julie’s word over Andre’s. For viewing him and that July incident through eyes distorted by another man’s betrayal. 
“All this time Dre was telling me the truth,” Cindy deduced aloud, standing there stunned with fat tears rolling down her cheeks. She shook her head with deep regret. 
“Yes, he was,” Mavis said softly, patting her comfortingly on the back.
“I’ve treated him so badly, taking Julie’s word over his when he was innocent the whole time,” Cindy lamented, reaching for a tissue from the green box on the yellow floral-designed countertop to wipe her face. “I got to go to him. I need to apologize. Then beg and plead, if necessary, for him to forgive me and take me back,” she concluded, before rushing back into the ballroom. 
Mavis followed with a wide grin on her face, putting the recorder back in her purse on the way. 
When they reentered the ballroom, the song was now over and Andre was nowhere in sight. People were dispersing, preparing to go home. 
“I think I know where he is, Cindy. Go check his office,” Mavis said from behind her. Then she went over to talk to Reverend Hillian, who was also in attendance tonight while Cindy made her way to the back.
* * *
Andre’s office was exactly where Cindy found him. When she walked in, she saw him sitting at his desk with his head in his hands. On the surface of the desk lay copies of his new CD entitled, My Lover, My Friend. His black tie was loosened and the top three buttons on his white dress shirt were undone. 
Hearing his door open, Andre answered without looking up, not even caring that the person hadn’t knocked before entering. “Come back later.” His voice was laced with pain. That last song had reminded him of his dire romantic life and affected more than he cared to admit. 
Cindy slowly shut the door behind her and locked it. “I can’t. I’ve been gone way too long already, baby love.”
Jerking his head up, Andre gazed at the woman of his dreams through misty eyes. “Cindy?”
Cindy gasped at the sight of his tear-streaked face. He’d been crying. 
Crying!
Cindy had to do something to make Andre feel better. To make them both feel better. 
Rushing over to his chair, Cindy sat sideways in Andre’s lap, cupped his face in her hands, and gave him a deep kiss. She ravished his delectable mouth, freely tasting of his salty tears before the kiss turned ever so sweet. 
Andre instantly began to match her probes with equal intensity, partaking of her delicious nectar like a starving man. Even as it was happening, he could hardly believe that Cindy was actually back in his arms again, kissing him as if her life depended on it. He knew that his did. 
After an elongated moment of mutual ravishment, Andre reluctantly broke the kiss. There was something he wanted, no, needed to know. 
“Does this mean that you finally believe me?” he asked, caressing Cindy’s shapely leg through the long split in her gown. Her skin was still as soft as he remembered, causing his body to grow even more granite.
Cindy nodded. “Yes, and I’m so sorry for ever doubting you, Dre. Because of what I’ve been through with Charles, I just assumed that you, being yet another man I loved, would cheat on me, too.” Then she smiled. “But you’re nothing like Charles and that’s a good thing.” She stroked his mocha forehead with her soft hand as she spoke.
“No, I’m definitely nothing like Charles,” Andre replied, relishing her touch.
“Absolutely not. He has a big black circle around his eye and you don’t, baby love,” Cindy said sweetly, smiling wider. There was not an ounce of regret in her whole body concerning what she did to Charles. He was fortunate that it was her attacking him and not her ex-professional boxer of a father.
Andre laughed, enjoying the flash of fire in Cindy’s eyes. “I heard about that. I guess all those years hanging around your father’s boxing club finally paid off for you, huh?” 
“Oh, yes.” Cindy laughed, too.
Andre suddenly turned serious. “Marry me, Cindy. I’m miserable without you and I won’t make love to you again without you being my wife.” His voice grew low and husky with need at the end. “No matter how much I want to,” he added, squeezing her upper thigh through the split in her gown as his hips moved hotly beneath her. 
Cindy moaned at his intimate touch, at that unexpected contact with the evidence of his desire. “Yes, I’ll marry you, my lover, my friend. I’ll marry you tonight if you want,” she whispered, before returning her lips to his.
“That’s exactly what I want,” Andre replied after the first delectable smack.  
Just as their kiss deepened into the sizzling zones, someone began knocking persistently on the office door.
“Cindy and Dre, open up!” Mavis called out loudly. 
Cindy groaned with irritation and then sighed. “We might as well get that. You know how persistent my sister can be. She’s not gonna leave until we open that door,” she said, getting up from her comfortable position. 
Andre nodded, took in several deep breathes to ventilate the hot desire in his body, readjusted his clothes, and then went to answer the door. “There better be a fire somewhere, Mav…” he began upon flinging the door open. 
Andre’s next comment was completely forgotten when he saw Mavis standing there with Eric, Rev. Hillian, his brother Tim, Neisha and both sets of their parents. Except for the kids, all of their closest relatives were there. 
Tim held a manila folder in his hands and a wide smile on his face. “Are you going to let us in or what?” he asked, waiting for his brother to step aside. 
“What are all you guys doing here?” Andre asked as he stepped back, allowing them to enter one by one.
“Attending a wedding,” Tim answered, placing the folder in Andre’s hand. “Andre and Cindy Wells, please sign these.”
Cindy walked over and stood beside Andre. “That’s a marriage license!” she exclaimed, reading the contents of the open folder. 
“Did you know about this?” Andre and Cindy echoed in unison, looking at each other incredulously. Then realizing that they’d been set up again, although this time delightfully, joyfully set up by their loved ones, they hugged each other and laughed. A delightful smooch ensued.
“Umm,” Eric said, clearing his throat to regain their attention. “Will you two sign the papers already? We’d like to commence to having this long overdue wedding.”
Willing to oblige their wonderfully scheming family members, the happy couple obediently signed the required forms. Next, they were led back into the ballroom that now contained only their closest relatives, including Ashley and Little Eric, and some of their dearest friends. 
Then right there before God and everyone else they loved, Cindy and Andre were married. When they finally sealed their union with a long kiss, everyone applauded loudly and began to dance with joy as Tim cued up a round of celebratory music. 
What a wonderful night this had been! For Andre and Cindy, their wonderful night was just beginning.

Chapter 22
After the wedding, Tim announced that the newlyweds would be leaving immediately and quickly rushed them off. On their way out the door, Mavis slipped Cindy a note. 
The note read: Your car is already at your house. Some of Andre’s clothes have been taken there too (courtesy of Tim). Now you two need to get there and make us proud. Love, the Bloom/Wells family – Finally united as we should be.
“No wonder she made such a big deal about me leaving copies of my car and house keys with her in case of emergency,” Cindy said, after reading the note aloud to Andre in the car. “Mavis knew I would fall for such a good excuse since we all have spare keys to each other’s homes. I should have known something was up when she didn’t bother to give me a spare key to her car in return.”
Andre chuckled. “Mavis kept me in the dark about a few things, too. After she got me to finally tell her the details about our breakup, she wouldn’t tell me a thing about what she planned to do to help us get back together,” he said, looking euphoric as he drove through the snow plowed streets. He was careful not to break any traffic laws or have any accidents with his precious cargo on such an important night. 
“I, for one, am glad for her interference,” Cindy replied, looking euphoric, as well. “For all of their interferences.”
“Me, too.” Andre grinned, inwardly rejoicing that she was finally his. All his. Now he knew that miracles really did still happen today.
Suddenly reminded of something else, Andre glanced at his wife and smiled sheepishly. “Now that we’re married, I can finally give you back a little souvenir I kept from our first night together. I don’t need it anymore now that I have the real thing.”
“Let me guess. My missing underwear?” Cindy laughed; ready to solve the mystery that had plagued her mind for months now.
“Yep.” Andre grinned. “Although I’m ashamed to admit it, I used them to get me through many a lonely night. They kept me company, always reminding me of our beautiful night together. Always giving me hope that we would have many more beautiful nights together someday.”
Cindy scooted closer to him on the front seat. “Now you have me here to keep you company.” She placed a warm kiss on his cheek. 
Andre relished at that kiss as he pulled into the driveway of their new home. When they made it to the front door, Cindy readily handed him the key to the house. 
Andre unlocked the door, then picked his wife up and carried her over the threshold per tradition. “You’re the only woman I ever want to carry again,” he said, lovingly kissing the top of her head.
Nestled comfortably against his neck, Cindy was once again reminded of vindictive Julie. Her lips slid into a slow smile of victory. 
Miss Thing’s little plan didn’t work. I ended up with Dre anyway, now and forever, Cindy mused, feeling vindicated from on high.
Putting her down in the living room, Andre began to rain kisses upon Cindy’s elegant neck. As those kisses flowed, he removed her animal-friendly faux mink coat and unzipped her dress. 
Stepping out of the purple and gold material, Cindy shuddered almost violently. Her body was taut, at complete attention, and so...cold. 
“Are you cold, baby? Or simply very turned on?” Andre asked, pausing from his kisses at her shudder.
“I think a little bit of both,” Cindy said, shivering now as goose bumps appeared on her arms.  
“Let me check the thermostat.” Andre walked over to the gray box on the north wall. 
“The thermostat,” Cindy said, hitting herself up against the head with her right hand. “I forgot to set it according to the usual evening temperature changes in my haste to leave earlier this morning.” 
“Well, it’s set right now. In the meantime, maybe a hot shower will help warm you up faster. Warm us both up,” Andre suggested with a two-fold motive. A hot shower with his wife would not only chase away her chill, but also fulfill one of his many fantasies concerning Cindy.
* * *
In the shower attached to the master bedroom, Andre squeezed some of Cindy’s passion fruit bath gel into his hands and rubbed them together. Using one hand to lather his own body, he used the other to lather hers. 
Cindy moaned deep within her throat as her eyes took in the enthralling wonderment of his double-duty. She always knew Andre was a multi-tasker. 
Switching both hands to her frame now, he ran long adept fingers over her supple curves in a circular manner, teasing the fullness of each contour until she was taut beneath his touch. 
Cindy moaned louder this time. She arched towards him, prompting him to continue. He did.
Slowly, Andre’s soapy hands unceasingly moved downwards for a greater time of delightful exploration. In no time he had her breathing raggedly and holding on tightly to the shower rail as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over her body. Only Andre could have this kind of effect on her from just his touch alone. 
Watching Cindy’s powerful reaction to his probing hands, Andre wasn’t sure if he could keep up this slow ascent to ecstasy. He ached to be one with her. Needed to be one with her…now! 
“I think it’s time to get out of here. The house should be warmer by now and I want to make love to you in a bed this time around,” Andre said huskily, rotating the showerhead to remove the last traces of lather from both of their bodies. 
Quickly drying off, they went to the now warm and cozy master bedroom and turned the lights on. Its rich caramel color scheme and four-poster bed welcomed the newlyweds into its abode. 
Andre took a brief moment to admire his surroundings. “I love it.” This was the one room he hadn’t seen during his previous visit. Back then, it would have been inappropriate, but now he had every right to be in here.
Cindy could only nod in agreement. She was too busy watching Andre unravel the green towel he wore. Soon she saw the wonders of his mocha frame…the whole frame.
The man was magnificent! 
Overwhelmed by desire and forgetting about the task of drying her wet hair, Cindy rushed over to Andre and aggressively pushed him down on the bed. 
“Whoa!” he said, laughing as he fell backwards on the firm mattress. “Somebody is mighty eager.”
“You got that right. This is the first time I’ve ever seen you completely nude and I’m going to enjoy every minute of it,” Cindy replied as she settled on top of him. Her long wet tresses were adorably glued to her head, though they’d be dry again and bouncing all over the place in a few minutes. 
Andre smiled up into her beautiful face and pushed a few wet strands behind both of her ears. “I want you to…” 
Before he could say anything else, Cindy began to kiss a gentle, tantalizing journey of passion up and down his long muscular frame. For several exhilarating minutes of this, Andre lay groaning deep from his soul in pleasure as he lay in awe of her boldness, of her ever so sweet ravishes of his body. Cindy had skills, natural skills, proving that one can be an expert lover without a lot of sex partners.  
“Cindy, I need to have you now,” Andre moaned out with a voice dipped deeply in a sea of desire. “Right now, baby.” 
Sensitive to her husband’s needs, Cindy acted accordingly. Soon they were joined. 
Andre almost lost it right then and there as his wife began a series of mind-blowing, circular movements upon him. Then as they continued their delectable journey of love, he held on for dear life and love. 
Together they fanned the hot flames of love as they moved from position to position with united fluency. Together they worked up a strong rhythm, rocking the sturdy bed beneath them as they made fervent, passionate love for the first time as husband and wife. 
A chorus of wedded jubilation penetrated the airwaves as they finally went over the edge…together.
Sometime later Andre and Cindy lay spent in each other’s arms on their bed of consummation. After watching her drift off to sleep, he looked up towards heaven in gratitude. 
“Thank You for working things out for us, Lord,” Andre prayed, before finally surrendering to a peaceful and contented slumber himself.
* * *
In Harrelton, Charles retrieved the last of his belongings from the security guard at his former place of employment. Ever since he returned from Dayspring, things in his life have gone from bad to worse. 
Three weeks ago, the emotionally overtaxed man charged into Samantha’s office and attempted to manhandle her, demanding that she reconcile with him. As a result of his aggressive actions, Charles was arrested, fired, and instructed not to return for the rest of his things during regular business hours. A restraining order was also taken out on him by Samantha. 
To make matters worse, news of that violent outburst rapidly spread around town, forcing him to go into private practice prematurely. No other law firm would hire a firecracker like him. Now Charles was reduced to chasing down ambulance cases in hospital emergency rooms. 
Going to his silver Mercedes with a large brown box in his arms, Charles sighed, regretting the day he ever started this vicious cycle of pain. The day that he arrogantly decided to cheat on Cindy, who had done him no wrong.
I see now that adultery really doesn’t pay, Charles finally realized a little too late to change his current circumstances. Perhaps that lesson learned would benefit him in the future…perhaps.  
Epilogue
Three years later 
Cindy sat on the living room floor of her home, piecing together a puzzle. The peach-colored jogging set she wore was great for lounging in. And that’s exactly what she was doing on this lazy Saturday afternoon - lounging.
“Junior, hand me that big piece over there,” Cindy requested of her two-year-old son. 
“Okay, Mommy,” the curly-haired little boy replied as he obediently brought the piece to his mother. “When can I hold Andrea?” he asked, pronouncing his five-month-old sister’s name right, showing how articulate he was for his age.
“When she wakes up later,” Cindy whispered to her son as an example of how low he should be speaking in a room where a sleeping baby was. 
“Okay, Mommy,” Andre Jr. whispered back, getting his mother’s message loud and clear. 
Cindy smiled with approval and then put the last missing piece in place. Her smile widened at the completed puzzle as she continued to take pleasure in the smallest of achievements.
While his mother beamed over her puzzle, Andre Jr. trotted off to the kitchen where his father was busy fixing dinner. His bare feet could be heard happily smacking the kitchen tiles. A sound that was rhythmic in nature and hinted at the little boy’s musical talent already.
Andre Jr. returned shortly with two gingerbread squares in his hands. “Here, Mommy. Daddy told me to give you one,” he whispered, handing one off to his mother after she leaned over to check on his little sister, who was still fast asleep in her pink cradle carrier. 
Suddenly Andre appeared in the arched doorway, dressed casually in a black pair of jeans and a gray t-shirt. He smiled at the vision before him. 
“You did good, son. Sharing is a good thing,” Andre whispered as he moved to sit on the floor by Cindy and the baby. Leaning over, he planted a brief kiss on his wife’s lips. “Puzzle looks great, baby.”
Cindy delayed eating the pastry in her hand as she quickly deepened the kiss she’d been given. To her, this kiss was the better treat. 
Andre moaned and started to return that kiss with equal passion. Suddenly he spotted a pair of ebony eyes staring at them with keen curiosity. 
Against Cindy’s mouth, Andre whispered, “If we keep this up, we’re going to have a football team. Besides, Junior is watching.”
Cindy tilted her head to the side and waved at their son. “Mommy’s in love with Daddy, that’s why I kissed him like that. Come here and let me show you how I kiss the other man I love.” 
When the lad came to her, Cindy planted two big smacks on both of his plump cheeks. 
Smiling contentedly up into her face, Junior took a bite of his favorite dessert. It was obvious that the toddler loved his mother and his treat. 
Andre took that moment to hug them both. He was so blessed and he knew it. His wife and kids were happy and healthy. He had great in-laws, who were all doing well themselves. Their businesses were doing fine, his CD went platinum, and his children were blessed to have both sets of grandparents living right next door to each other (when his parents were in town, of course). 
Andre couldn’t thank God enough. He was so grateful. He showed his gratitude by being good to his family, friends, and to strangers in need.
Cindy broke into her husband’s thoughts with good news from their extended family. “I forgot to tell you that Gayle and Melvin just had their first baby today. It’s a girl.” Finally taking a huge bite of her pastry, she nodded her approval as she relished its scrumptious flavor. Cindy loved when Andre cooked for them. He always made the best things.
Andre accepted Cindy’s nonverbal approval as proof that he could still satisfy her outside of the bedroom as well. He liked cooking for his family. It gave him a warm feeling inside. A contented feeling. 
“That’s great news about Gayle and Melvin,” Andre replied. “I’m happy for them. Melvin turned out to be a pretty nice guy after all. For someone else,” he added, recalling how he’d met their new cousin-in-law. “Because you are mine.” 
“You bet I’m yours,” Cindy said, inching closer to him. “Hey, that sounds like a great title for a song.” 
“You bet I’m yours...” Andre began to sing a fresh melody to her in between sweet mocha kisses. At this moment, his life couldn’t be better, unlike his unrepentant ex-girlfriend Julie who was still going through hard times.
As for Charles, his life only just started to get better. After becoming a Christian two months ago, he left his family in Florida and permanently relocated to California. There he started another private practice, which is experiencing a great deal of success already.
As of this writing, Charles is currently dating a wonderful Christian woman who originates from Nigeria. A woman that he hopes to one day marry and live happily, faithfully ever after with.
 
THE END
Letter to Readers
The tale of Cindy Bloom started out as a short story that I was going to enter into a contest. But the more I reviewed it, the more I realized that there was more to be told than the two pages I had originally written. Incidentally, I didn’t win that contest, but I did come away with a great idea for a novel. Thus, Cindy and Andre’s tale was born!
Through this book I wanted to show that if one relationship doesn’t work out for whatever reason, you can count on God to send you another one. And if you are willing to exercise some patience and self-control, the next one could very well be the right one. My prayer for you is that whomever you love will love you back in a positive way and that the two of you will become the best of friends as well as forever lovers.

Suprina Frazier   
	















You can find more samples of my writing at the following websites:

http://mochainterlude.bravehost.com/http://mochainterlude.bravehost.com/ - this is my main website. Most of my books can be bought here. There’s a free book featured at this site in its entirety. 

http://mochainterlude.blogspot.com/http://mochainterlude.blogspot.com/  - this is my inspirational blog. Books featured here are given in samples. Some of them are pretty lengthy.

http://suprinasfreeread.tripod.com/http://suprinasfreeread.tripod.com/ - this is another inspirational blog. Another free book is featured here.

http://www.freewebs.com/moreofsuprina/index.htmhttp://www.freewebs.com/moreofsuprina/index.htm - this is my western website and features a lengthy sample of one of my western books.

http://stores.lulu.com/suprinaf1http://stores.lulu.com/suprinaf1 - this is where most (not all) of my paperbacks can be found.

http://www.myspace.com/michelledodsonstorieshttp://www.myspace.com/michelledodsonstories - this blog contains all of my literary updates and announcements. 

http://storiesbymichelledodson.blogspot.com/http://storiesbymichelledodson.blogspot.com/ - this blog features lengthy samples of my secular books. My pen name here is Mi’Chelle Dodson.

http://suprina.wordpress.com/http://suprina.wordpress.com/ - this blog features lengthy samples of my books and short stories. There are even pictures to go along with each story.
