My Savior Forever
Forever Series 1
by
Vicki Green

Copyright © Vicki Green 2013

Published at Smashwords








*Due to a graphic rape scene, strong language and sexual content, this book is not intended for readers under the age of 18.

The most important dedication:  My husband, Dean and sons Charles (C.J.) and Cole. Your support through all of this is beyond amazing. I love you more than my words could ever tell you. More than my actions could ever show you. You are my heart and my life!
I would like to dedicate this, my first book, to all of the Author’s I have had the honor to read their books.  They have all inspired me in different ways.  To my first reader’s and all the reader’s along the way, without you this is not possible. My heart is so full of love for you all!








Acknowledgements
I would like to acknowledge the following for without you I would not have had the encouragement, the help with pre reading, re reading and your honest feedback and suggestions to follow my dreams.
First and most important, ‘Morning after a Good Book’, book blog.  Annie and Heather, as I have told you before YOU ROCK! Seriously, without you, your support, advice, recommendations, I never could have done this!  I owe you both so much! Our late night rendezvous on Facebook with laughing, sharing pictures, gave me the much needed break’s from writing and our friendship formed. More than that though, I cannot express the gratitude of you taking me under your wings. You have helped me every step of the way through this and for that you have my undying love and gratitude. You’ll never know how much I appreciate you! Just one more word, ‘Roadtrip’!!!!!!!!!
Visit ‘Morning after a Good Book’ on their blog: http://morningafteragoodbook.blogspot.com/ and their Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/morningafteragoodbook.
My Beta Reader extraordinaire, Megan! I learned so much from you as you made your way through my book countless times. You amazed me with your suggestions, pointing out sections that could be better worded and what things to do research on to make it better. You took time out of your busy life to help me make my book a work of art and I Thank You, from the bottom of my heart.
Another Beta Reader, Darlene. You gave me such a ‘High’ every time you gave me your opinions. Seriously, I didn’t think I would ever come down. That encouraged me to push harder to get my book finished.
I had a few other Author’s pre read my book and their opinions and suggestions helped me learn so much. Their praise and reviews made me feel like my head was in the clouds. They made me think even more that my book was worth publishing.
‘Cover it Designs’, you were so fast and wonderful to work with. You knew I was struggling to get a cover made and you jumped on it. You jumped in and with your suggestions you were able to create just what I had been looking for in a matter of a few days. It was a pleasure working with you and look forward to more in the near future.
To my friends at work who had to endure me constantly talking about my exciting adventure in writing this book, I know, I owe you.  You know who you are.
Smashwords License Statement 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each reader. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue
Chapter one
Chapter two
Chapter three
Chapter four
Chapter five
Chapter six
Chapter seven
Chapter eight
Chapter nine
Chapter ten
Chapter eleven
Chapter twelve
Chapter thirteen
Chapter fourteen
Chapter fifteen
Chapter sixteen
Chapter seventeen
Chapter eighteen
Chapter nineteen
Chapter twenty
Chapter twenty one
Chapter twenty two
Chapter twenty three
Chapter twenty four
Chapter twenty five
Chapter twenty six
Chapter twenty seven
Chapter twenty eight
Chapter twenty nine
Chapter thirty
Chapter thirty one
Chapter thirty two
Chapter thirty three
Chapter thirty four
Chapter thirty five
Chapter thirty six
Chapter thirty seven
Chapter thirty eight
Epilogue

Prologue
 
I moved around a lot growing up. I ended up in a small town in Kansas. I needed a job in the worst way, but I didn’t know how to do anything really except cleaning up after slobs. 
When I saw the ‘Need Help’ sign in the window of The Sweet Café, I literally ran in there to apply. I explained I didn’t know how to do much and they hired me anyway saying they would train me. How cool is that?
I had nowhere to live and no money.  When they found that out, the owner Stella told me about the room over the Café. “It’s not much but it’s clean,” she told me. “Unfortunately the only way to get there is the fire escape stairs in the alley.” 
After getting the key I went up to look at the room. It is very small but perfect for me and she told me I could live there for free as long as I work for her. Wow!
I was not comfortable learning how to waitress yet so I kept the kitchen, bathroom, tables and really the entire Café clean. 
Stella quickly started calling me ‘pumpkin’. I’m not sure why, but she has become like a mother to me. I was also building relationships with the cook, Peter, and my favorite down-to-earth waitresses, Brenda and Lana.
This was the best thing that has ever happened to me since my parents were killed in a car accident when I was seven.  After living in, way too many to count, foster homes I had never stayed anywhere long enough to become friends with anyone or wanted to really.
 I am 20 years old, stand at 5’ 6” and am about 110 lbs.  I know I am way too skinny.  My friends at work are always trying to get me to eat more, to put at least a couple of pounds on. My eyes are a light green. They almost look blue, and I have light strawberry blonde hair that hangs down to my waist, which needs a trim desperately!
I don’t think I am beautiful or anything but my new friends keep telling me I am. “Girl, if I had that figure, those C cup boobs, that long wavy hair and your great complexion, I would leave this Café in a heartbeat and become a model,” Lana would laugh.  
I spent most nights in my small apartment reading. I don’t have a TV or anything else to entertain me, and I certainly don’t have the extra money to go to the movie theatre, so reading it is. But I’m okay with that as I love to read. My favorite books are romance novels. Oh, I would love to meet a handsome man who sweeps me off my feet and who will take care of me and love me. I sigh.  A girl has to have her dreams, right?
Chapter one

I awake shivering. Slowly opening my eyes I try to look around me, but they are out of focus, so I close them again.  I am so cold, and my teeth are chattering.  What the hell?  I know its winter here in Kansas, but I don’t remember being this cold before now. Opening my eyes again they seem to be slowly regaining their focus.  I look around the room I am in and see faded, stripping wallpaper with some kind of flowers on a pale yellow background.  There is a small dresser and a window on my right, but the window is covered with curtains that are closed so no light is coming in.  The curtains are a very pale yellow to match the wallpaper. 
Looking to my left, I see a set of double sliding doors which I assume is a closet and to the right of that is another door.  Maybe a bathroom?  In front of me is yet another door.  Could be the bedroom door.  
As I am looking around the room, freezing to death, I look down at my body.  Oh my God, I am naked!!!  No wonder I am so freaking cold!  
I try and move my legs but can’t move them either.  I see that each foot is tied by a rope to the end of the bed, causing my legs to be spread open.  Oh, this is not good at all.
My sleepy state has me so confused. To clear my mind, I try to bring my hands from their uncomfortable position stretched above me to rub my eyes, but my hands don’t move.  I look up and see they are tied by a rope to the headboard of the bed.  What?  What the fuck is going on?
A door nearby shuts with force. I hear footsteps from outside the bedroom, and they are coming closer.  Oh my God, what am I going to do?  My heart is beating so loudly I can feel it in my ears.
The bedroom door opens, and a man stands in the doorway looking at me with a sly smile on his face.  The lighting is dim in here, but I can see that he is well built, not bad looking, but then he smiles wide showing his teeth, which are yellowed and chipped.
“So, you’re finally awake.  I thought I was going to have to come in and pour a bucket of water over you to get you to come to, not that I wouldn’t mind seeing your body glistening,” he says with a smirk.
My mind is on high alert, and I can’t help but feel dirty as his eyes scan my naked body pausing at my hardened nipples that fear and the arctic temperature are causing.
“Who are you?  What do you want?” I ask through my chattering teeth. 
“Oh, are you cold?  Sorry, my bad!  Here let me turn up the furnace for you,” he says sarcastically.  He turns around is gone for a second, when he comes back in he walks to stand at the end of the bed.
“Please, let me go.  I woo-woo-won’t tell anyone.  I prooo-promise,” I said shivering and near tears.
“No can do, sweetie.  You see, you are just what the doctored ordered.  We’re going to have so much fun,” he says laughing.  Looking straight into my eyes, he begins to take off his shirt.  It’s a torn, faded t-shirt that you can’t even see what the design is on it anymore.
“Please, don’t!  Please let me go.”  I am begging now.  I know what he has in mind.  I am a virgin, and this is not how I imagined my virginity would be taken from me.
“Calm down.  You will love this, I promise,” he sneers.
Still looking into my eyes, he begins to undo his pants starting with his belt. I struggle against the ropes, but they are so tight. I can barely move. He slides his pants down towards the floor along with his underwear, the buckle making a jingly sound as he removes both legs from his pants. Once he is fully naked he begins to crawl up the bed towards me.  I begin to scream loudly while struggling.
“NO, NO, NO!!!!  Let me go!!!!!” Over and over again I scream.  He starts laughing at me as he crawls over my body settling between my legs.  He puts his hands on either side of my face, holding my head still and begins to rub his thumbs across my cheeks.  “Shhh, Shhhh, this will be fun. I promise,” he whispers.
He licks the tears that are flowing down my cheek. He continues to lick down to my jaw, my neck and down to my breasts. Nibbling and licking as he goes until he bites my nipple hard leaving marks on my unblemished flesh. As the tears continue to puddle at my temple, I cry out in pain with each nip he takes. 
“I’m going to mark your body with my teeth and fuck you so hard you will be begging me for more,” he laughs deviously. He takes his right hand and moves it down to my left breast and fondles it. He then squeezes it hard, and I yell out in pain.  Then he pinches my nipple again so hard that I scream.  His hand moves down farther putting a finger into my opening. “Stop, please. Stop!” I yell squirming under him. Apparently, he could care less about my screaming because next thing I know he is trying to push his cock into my vagina. Struggling because of my restrained legs, he put his other hand under my bottom and lifts me, then thrusts his cock into me.
I had heard that when you lose your virginity, there is a searing pain as your seal is broken but then it goes away fairly quickly, and then you feel pleasure.  The pain has subsided, but what I feel is not pleasure.
He begins slamming his cock into me over and over and over.  The whole bed is moving from his force.  I am still screaming and my teeth are still chattering, but he continues.  He takes his right hand from my breast and slaps my face, HARD moving my face to the right.  Oh, my God that hurt!  I stop screaming and grimace.  The left side of my face feels like it’s on fire.  I turn my face straight again and see him smiling at me. I begin screaming at him again to let me go. He hits me this time on my cheek. “OWWWWWW,” I scream. 
“Stop screaming.  I am sick of it,” he yells at me as he pounds in and out of me.
The left side of my face is throbbing with pain, and my left eye keeps blinking and watering.
He is crushing me with his weight that I have a hard time breathing. I feel his sweat dripping on my body and can smell his horrible body odor.
Looking right into my eyes, he lets out a loud moan and stops mid thrust.  I can feel his sperm invading my core. He’s finally had enough of me. He pulls his now limp and blood covered penis from my sore and aching body. He gets up, finding his t-shirt on the floor and cleans himself. He looks at me, winks, and walks out the door closing it behind him.  I begin to shake uncontrollably from the cold and from the crying for what I’ve lost. What is going to happen to me now?  When he gets his fill is he going to kill me?


Chapter two


As my head begins to clear, my groggy brain starts to remember what happened. I was going to go to the grocery store to get some things and was walking out of the alley. As I got to the sidewalk, a man approached me.  He had a smile on his face and was asking me directions to somewhere.  I can’t remember exactly where.  As he was talking, I began looking around to see if there were other people close by, just in case I needed to scream, but it's late evening and no one seemed to be around.
Then before I knew it, he grabs me around the waist swinging me around so I am in front of him, my back to his chest.  He covers my mouth with some rag or something, and I start choking with some kind of horrid smell in my nose and taste in my mouth.  I struggle, oh, I struggle!  But it’s no use.  He is way too strong for me.  
The man continues to hold the rag over my mouth, holding me tight while I try to get away.  My brain begins to get groggy, and my eyes started blinking rapidly.  He started to half drag me to a waiting car that I hadn’t noticed before, parked by the curb we were close to.  I began to struggle harder knowing that if he gets me in the car, it will be over for me.
He opens the back seat passenger side door and tried to push me in there from behind.  I started getting so sleepy that I am not sure I can get away from him which I am sure that was his intent all along.  I get one of my arms free and place it on the side of the car pushing against it to try and stop him. He lets go of my waist for a split second and grabs my arm pulling it behind me then quickly his arm goes back around my waist again.  His other hand pushes the rag harder against my mouth.  I can’t breathe so I have no choice but to inhale as deep as I can and that was it.  That is the last thing I remember.

~*~*~*~

I must have fallen asleep or passed out, not sure which at this point.  My body is aching, and my left side of my face hurts so badly. I try to open my eyes but only my right eye will open. Great my left eye is swollen shut.  I can’t hear any noises coming from outside of the bedroom door. I wonder if he left the house again or is just passed out from the bliss he had given himself.
It feels like I had been lying here for hours when I hear a door from the outside slam shut.  I can now hear voices, both men’s voices, yelling at each other, but I can’t make out what they are saying.
The bedroom door opens so fast it slams against the wall.  There is a very large man standing in the doorway.  He has long black hair that hangs down his chest to almost his waist.  He is scowling at me and shaking his head.
“Damn it Mick, I told you I was to get her first.  What the hell were you thinking?  I could shoot you for this!” He yells at this so called Mick.  
“I told you, I was breaking her in for you, Willie. I was getting her ready for you,” Mick says, a little fear in his voice.  Willie looks at Mick with another scowl on his face then he yells, “I told you she was mine first you asshole!  Seriously, sometimes I wonder why the fuck I haven’t killed you yet.  Now, get out of my face and get the hell away!”
Mick backs out of the room and slowly closes the door.  Willie looks at me. His eyes look at my face and then follow down my body slowly then making their way back up to my eyes.  “He shouldn’t have hit you. He shouldn’t have touched you except to bring you here.  I wanted to be the first to have you, to hit you, to make you scream in pain,” he growls.  His eyes are black and cold.
He undresses quickly.  He is freaking huge!  Not only his arms and his chest but his cock.  Oh My God! He begins to stroke his cock like he is priming himself, looking straight into my eyes the whole time.  
“Why are you doing this?  Please let me go.  I won’t say anything to anyone, I swear!!!” I beg.
He just laughs at me, laughing so hard he bends his head back. Looking back down into my eyes he yells, “I know you won’t say anything, bitch!  It’s hard to speak when you’re dead.”  I gasped and then begin to cry.
Laughing he says, “You can cry, you can scream all you want, as loud as you want.  I don’t give a fuck. It won’t help you.” He starts to crawl over me.  I scream so loud that I think my voice is starting to leave me.  He hits me, again on the left side of my face. I groan and am now looking to my right.  I decide just to stay there because this way I can’t see him anymore.  Roughly pulling my bottom up with both hands, he rams his cock into me.  I am so sore from earlier, and his cock is so much bigger than Mick’s. I feel pain searing inside me.  He then hits me with his fist into my left rib cage. I scream out in pain. “Bitch you need to move with me.  Give me a good fuck! I will bleed you if you don’t. Do it!” He screams at me.
I try to move my body a little, but I am in so much pain I can barely move.  He hits me again in the same place. I flinch and scream out again. 
“Move damn you!” He screams. 
Sharp pain is piercing my side, like a knife is being repeatedly pushed into it. I move up against him as he keeps ramming his cock into me. I still can’t move much. He hits me again. “Damn it, bitch! Come on, you can do better than that!” I suck up the pain and start moving with him.  Not as much as he is but more than I was.  
He gets faster and faster slamming his cock in and out of me. I hurt so bad that I feel dizzy.  Finally, he stops, grunts and pulls out of me. I can feel the liquid from him inside me. I shudder.
And with that he leaves the bedroom slamming the door behind him.
I doze on and off trying to figure out how I can get out of here. My wrists and ankles are sore from my tugging on them trying to get free. I can feel liquid running down my arms and am thinking it might be blood from the ropes biting into my wrists. I haven’t heard any noises from outside the room for a while, but I didn’t hear the front door either so they must still be here.
A little while later I hear the bedroom door open.  Both men stagger into the room.  Mick has a bottle of Jack Daniels and Willie has a bottle of tequila.  
“Time to have some more fun, bitch.  This time two on one,” Willie says while walking to the left side of the bed.  He begins to undress.  I look to my right and Mick is undressing too.  Oh, No!  No!!!!  I am quickly trying to think of a way out of this.
“Wait!  I want a drink too, then we can really party.  Untie me and let me show you what a great time we can have,” I say.  Maybe if I can get on their playing level, I can escape.
“He, he, he.  No way, sweetie.  I know you think we may be dumb, but we aren’t,” Mick says laughingly. 
“I don’t think you’re dumb at all.  I just figured since I can’t get away why not join the fun instead of fighting it?” I say trying to sound convincing.
Mick looks over at Willie and shrugs. “What do ya think?  Could be more fun if she’s drunk like us and can actually make us get off better.” Willie moves his head back and forth, looking at both of us. 
He gives me that cold stare and scowls, “If we untie you and at any time you try to get away I will hurt you so bad you will wish you were dead. Do you understand me, bitch?” I nod slowly. “Untie her and let’s get this party started,” he sneers at Mick.
Mick comes over to the bed and unties my feet. Oh, my ankles hurt so badly, I move them around trying to get the blood flowing. Mick moves down to the head of the bed and starts to untie my hands.  “No Mick! I seriously don’t think we are quite that stupid, you idiot! Leave her hands tied. She doesn’t need those loose in order to party with us anyway,” Willie yells. He is completely undressed now swigging his bottle of tequila. He lifts my head and pours some in my mouth. I start coughing and gagging. “Ha, that will put hair on your chest,” he laughs.
Mick is undressed now and takes a huge swallow of his Jack Daniel’s.  He lights a cigarette blowing smoke out into the room.  Willie pours more tequila in my mouth, and I gag more. He stands there, naked, taking a huge swallow from his bottle. “Come on, Mick. Let’s get this show on the road.”
Mick puts his cigarette out in an ashtray on the dresser. “Mick,” Willie yells. “Come over and hold her up.” Mick lifts my body up as far as it will go from the bed while Willie gets underneath me. “Now, turn her over,” Willie demands. Mick rolls my body over onto Willie’s, twisting my hands in the rope. “Owwww!!!!!” I scream. 
I can hear Mick moving behind me, then I feel liquid pouring on my bottom. I feel a finger penetrate me in my hole. “UGH!” I scream. He slaps my bottom hard. “Shut up! You’re gonna love this,” he snickers. I am wide eyed as Willie then slams his cock into me while I feel Mick’s cock push inside my hole. Oh My God that hurts! 
“OWWWW!!!” I scream.  I am now filled at both ends.  The pain is excruciating, and I have tears flowing from my eyes.  I try to squirm, but Mick has a firm hold on my waist.  Willie is gripping my breasts with both of his large hands, squeezing them so hard it’s painful.  I scream for them to stop, wiggling as best I can trying to move away.  Both men are laughing at me.
Next thing I know Willie slams his fist into my left side over the large bruise that is already there, and I hear a crack.  I groan loudly, and my head hits his shoulder from the impact. “I don’t mind the screaming, bitch, but I told you earlier you needed to move, give us both a good fuck! Do it!” He screams at me. I am breathing heavy from the pain. I try to concentrate and begin to move with them.  God, I hurt so badly.
After what seems like an hour, but I am sure it was only minutes, Mick lets out a loud moan and stills.  I feel his fluids seeping in and out of my hole. It wasn’t long after that Willie begins to slow down his body and starts shivering. He stops, closes his eyes and just stays there for a couple of minutes.
Willie finally pulls his cock out of me. Moving me over, he gets out of the bed. He walks to a chair in the corner of the room and begins drinking again.  Mick is over at the side of the bed lifting me up he rolls me over onto my back. He walks over to the dresser and follows suit with his bottle, guzzling the liquor. He then lights another cigarette, closes his eyes and takes a deep drag.
My body is shaking uncontrollably as I watch them to see what they are going to do next.
Willie looks at Mick, then at me. While looking into my eyes, he says to Mick, “Go ahead and tie her feet back up. I think we need to go out and do some more partying.” Mick nods and begins to approach me. “Noooooo please don’t do this! Please let me go!!!!” I scream.
I begin kicking at Mick as he ties my feet. Once they are tied my ankles are aching with pain. Damn that hurts! They are so sore and my wrists are so scraped up now.
Willie comes over to my left side and smacks me across the cheek.  OUCH! “Shut it, bitch. I am sick of hearing it.” Then he rubs my cheek. “Don’t you worry when we get back we’ll party some more,” he smiles wickedly.
They both quickly dress and leave the room.  I listen for noises and can hear them walking around.  Finally, I hear the front door slam. I am alone again.
Chapter three

I have no idea what time it is. I just know it is still dark outside.  I am so hungry, thirsty and cold. The pain I feel is everywhere. I can barely move my body anymore.
I hear the front door shut, but not loud. Then I hear footsteps walking around. Why would they be so quiet? They have to be majorly drunk by now, and it doesn’t seem like they have been gone that long.
Footsteps quietly approach the bedroom door, and then the door opens slowly.  It’s so dark in here now, and with only one good eye open it’s making it hard to see.  Finally, a man approaches the foot of the bed.  He has a flashlight and aims it at me.  He moves the light slowly up my body to my face.  I close my good eye and then open it squinting and blinking.  He sees that he is blinding me, so he moves it away to the left side of my face a bit. 
“Please, don’t hurt me anymore.  Please let me go,” I cry with a shaky and hoarse voice. Tears are streaming down my face now.  I don’t know who this is, but maybe he will help me and let me go.
He speaks to me as if speaking to an injured animal trying not to spook me. “Shhhh, I am not going to hurt you. I am here to help you. I am going to untie your hands now, ok?” I nod at him, watching him move to the head of the bed. He reaches over me untying the ropes. As he pulls at them, the pain radiates down my arms. I wince and close my good eye. He looks down at me, while he works. “I’m sorry if I am hurting you. I am trying to be careful, but I don’t know how much time we have before they come back.” 
There are so many questions I want to ask. How does he know they left? How did he know I am here? If he knew I was here why in the hell did he wait so long to come in and get me out?
Finally, he gets my hands free and my arms drop down on the bed. “Owwww!” I scream. 
“Shhhh, please. We need to be quiet,” he says softly.
He goes down to the end of the bed and frees my right foot, then my left. I try to sit up but the pain in my ribs rivets through me causing me to stay still. 
He comes over and gently helps me sit up and moves my legs over the side of the bed. 
I try to look at his face, but he has a hoodie on and with the hood up its covering the side of his face. He looks around the room and finds a t-shirt on the floor and starts to hand it to me. “Um, no sorry. One of them used that to clean himself,” I grimace. 
“Oh, sorry. Let me see if there is anything in the closet over there.” 
He walks to the closet and slides one of the doors open. There are just a few men’s shirts in there. He grabs one and heads back over to me. “Here, I know it’s not great, but it’s all I can find.” 
It’s a men’s plain button down shirt, worn, with some of the buttons missing. I lift my right arm and put it in the sleeve but when I try to lift my left arm, I cry out. “Here, let me help you. We need to hurry,” he says. He takes the side of the shirt from me and helps me put it on. He buttons up the shirt and then stands back a bit. “Can you stand?” He asks. As I try to stand I wince with pain and sit back down.
“It’s ok, don’t worry. I’ll help you.” He bends down and puts an arm under my legs. His other arm wraps around my waist as he lifts me into his arms. “UGH,” I moan. Oh My God that hurts!
“Sorry, sorry!” He says looking down at me. 
I was unable to see him very well before, but now I get a good look at his face. As I look into his eyes, I see they are not only dark blue but the most beautiful eyes I have ever seen. He looks at me with care and concern showing on his face. I can feel that he is well built by the muscles in his arms that are cradling me and by his chest that I lay against.
He carries me out of the bedroom. This is the first time I have seen outside this room. We walk down a short hall and turn into what appears to be a small living area with a little kitchen off to the right. No walls separating the two rooms. Everything is dirty and run down.
He walks us to the front door, opens it slowly and looks around.  It’s dark outside and only a dim porch light is on. Squinting I can barely make out a truck to our left, partially hidden in the trees. He walks us over to the truck and opens the passenger side, slowly lowering me onto the seat. He takes the seat belt and reaches over me to fasten it. Once I am secure he runs around the front of the truck, gets in the driver’s side, fastens his seat belt and starts the ignition.
As he drive’s on to the main road, he reaches behind him and pulls out a bottled water from a small cooler there and hands it to me. I thank him, open the lid and drink the water so fast that the bottle is empty in a matter of seconds. 
“Ok, slow down there or you’ll make yourself sick,” he says with a grin. He reaches up and pulls down the hood that was covering his head. Wow, he takes my breath away. He’s beautiful. 
Now that I can see him better not only are his dark blue eyes heavenly, but he has dark blonde hair with light blonde highlights throughout. It’s a little long on the sides, almost to his shoulders. It looks really soft and makes me want to run my fingers through it.  He has a chiseled jaw that is to die for, literally, with a light scruff of a blonde beard.
He sees that I am shaking and turns the heat up in the truck.
“How? How did you know I was there? How long were you waiting before you came in?” I ask, my teeth chattering.
“I’m sorry it took me longer than I had planned.  I’ve been sitting out of sight in my truck waiting for the best moment to come in to get you without getting us both killed. Once I saw them leave and drive off, I waited a few more minutes just to be sure they didn’t turn back around,” he said staring out at the road as he drove. 
“But how did you know I was there?” I ask again.
He begins to speak slowly. “Well, it’s kind of a long story. I’ve been watching them for a couple of years now, undercover. This is the first time they’ve actually grabbed someone and brought them back to their hideout. I was shocked at how stupid they’ve become but this was the opportunity I needed to nail them. I’m sorry it was you they took.” His eyebrows are drawn as he frowns. 
I look around his truck. It’s clean, but you can tell it has been used a lot. The seats are a little worn but comfy. I look at him and smile a little. “Thank you for getting me out of there, for whatever reason you had being there, I am glad you were.” I begin to cough and grab my left side with my right hand.  
“Are you ok? No, of course you’re not. What a stupid thing for me to say. I’m taking you to the closest hospital for them to check you out. Is there anyone I can call for you?”  
I slowly shake my head and laid it back against the head rest and close my eyes. All the bumps in the road are not helping my ribs and sore body at all.  The pain is getting worse as we move on. That’s the last thing I remember as everything fades to black.
Chapter four

When I awake, I am in a hospital room wearing a lovely hospital gown. My right hand hurts. I look down to find an IV attached there. Wow, my head hurts, my eye, my left side and I am sore down below as well. I look around and see the man who saved me, my savior, is asleep in a very uncomfortable chair by my bed. He looks so tired. I’m sure it’s been a long night for him while he waited to rescue me. 
I start having a coughing fit. I am coughing so hard I feel my face turning hot. The next thing I know a cup of water is being pushed into my hand. I grasp it and try to drink when I hear, “Drink it slow or you’ll end up choking.” I move my eyes up and see my savior looking down at me.
I was finally able to get some water down and the coughing subsided. I look up at him with a small smile. “How long have we been here? The last thing I remember is being in your truck.” 
He looks around the room then back at me. “Actually, we have been here about 3 hours. I brought you through the ER and they took you into a room there. When they finally let me go to the room the Doctor said that he was going to keep you overnight and you would be moved to a private room but they didn’t tell me anything else.”
I can’t believe we had been here that long and I hadn’t woken up until now.
I look up at my savior and ask, “So I never got a chance to ask you. What is your name?” My eyes follow him as he walks back over and sits in the chair by my bed. He looks at me and cocks his head to the side. “I never got a chance to ask your name either.” He smiles at me with those beautiful gleaming blue eyes. Internally, I sigh.
I laugh a little causing my ribs to protest and wince. “I asked you first.” I smile shyly. As he reaches over me he takes my right hand and shakes it. “My name is Jesse Richards.”
I laugh again closing my good eye shut and open it again to see him staring at me with a concerned look on his face.  
He half smiles. “I’m sorry I shouldn’t keep making you laugh when you’re hurt.” 
 “I haven’t laughed in a long time, that part feels good. My name is Cassie Morelli. It’s nice to finally meet my savior.”  
He laughs. “Well I don’t know about that.” 
“No, seriously, you are my savior. I can’t thank you enough for getting me out of there. I know they were going to kill me when they were done with me,” I say remembering their words of hatred.
The door to the hospital room opened and a female doctor walks in with a nurse behind her. 
“Good you’re awake. I’m Dr. Moore. Are you in a lot of pain?” I nod my head. The nurse then comes over with a syringe and pushes it into the IV.  
Dr. Moore smiles, looks at me and says, “There that will help. Are you hungry?  I can have Nurse Allen get you something to eat.”
“Yes, please. Thank you,” I say quietly. Dr. Moore nods to Nurse Allen and watches her leave the room.
Dr. Moore walks over and sits in the chair that Jesse had once occupied. She looks at him and says, “If you could leave us for a few minutes I would like to speak with Cassie alone. I will let you know when we’re done.”  
He looks at me, and I shake my head slightly. He looks back to the doctor. “No, thank you. I think she would be more comfortable if I stay.” 
The doctor turns to me. “Is that ok with you?” I nod. The doctor nods back and then proceeds to explain that I have 2 slightly cracked ribs and there is heavy tape around them to help hold them together while they heal. I have a bruised left cheek and a black eye. 
She adds, “With your permission I would also like to perform a rape kit procedure on you. Jesse has told us you’ve been raped. This will help evaluate any presence of sexually transmitted disease agents. By having a rape kit done, it will also help us gather forensic evidence that could help convict your kidnappers when they are caught. I know the procedure can be intimidating, but I promise we will take it slow, and I will explain each step as we go. We have already collected your clothing when you came into the hospital, but we need to swab your bite marks for saliva, look for loose hairs on your body, and take pictures of your bruising as well as do vaginal and rectal swabs.”
Taking a deep breath she continues. “We also offer an Emergency Contraceptive pill. You may have heard it called ‘The Morning-after Pill’. It is 95% effective in helping to prevent pregnancy. We can proceed with these tests once you have given us permission.” 
I look over at Jesse and back to the doctor. “Yes, I. I would like that please,” I say shyly. She smiles. “Very good. Are you ready to get started?” I nod again. 
After the procedure was done and all of the evidence collected, Dr. Moore is standing by my side. She looks at Jesse then back and me. 
“Ok, I will have the nurse bring some food. Now, is there someone we can call for you?  Family? Friends? Anyone?” I shake my head no. I really don’t want to call Stella yet not until I know what is going to happen. But I know she must be sick with worry.
“All right then. The police are here to ask you some questions. I’ll show them in. When they are finished try and get some rest, and I will be back as soon as I get the test results.” She smiles at me, turns and leaves the room.
About 20 minutes later, the nurse comes in with a tray of food and a pill cup. She sets it down on the hospital rolling tray and moves it over me. “Here you go. If you need anything else just press the nurse’s button on your bed there.” She points at the buttons on the rail of the bed. “Thank you,” I said lowering my head.
When the nurse leaves Jesse looks at my food and then at me. “Dig in. You need the nourishment.” He smiles.  
“You have to be hungry too, do you want some of this?  I’ll share,” I asked him. 
“No, thanks but if you don’t mind I think I will go down to the cafeteria and grab something. I won’t be gone long. I promise. Ok?” I nod at him and watch him leave.
I literally scarf down my food and drank the huge glass of water they had given me. With a full tummy I lie back, and fall asleep.
When I awake Jesse is sitting in the chair by my bed watching me. “Ok, that’s embarrassing.” I grin. He laughs and gives me a beautiful smile.  
“You shouldn’t feel embarrassed. You’re beautiful when you sleep,” he whispers. He coughs. “Sorry, sometimes I can’t help what comes out of my mouth.” He chuckles. Wow! I can feel my face getting warm, and I’m sure I am blushing terribly. 
Jesse gets a serious look on his face. “Look, we need to talk. I made some calls while I was gone, and I need to ask you a few questions, ok?”  I nod at him scared of what he might ask.  
He clears his throat. “Cassie, I’ve been after these guys for two years. I need to know if they are taken into custody, will you testify against them for what they did to you? This is really important. If you do it this it will put them away for a very long time.” 
I lay there for a minute, but it doesn’t take me long to nod and say, “Absolutely I will.”  He smiles at me and sighs with relief.  “I’ve made arrangements to take you to my safe house to protect you while my men are trying to locate them. Since they’ve returned to the house and found you gone, they are running now.” 
“You have a safe house?” Who has a safe house just lying around?
“Trust me. I will explain everything when we get there, ok?  Right now, as soon as the hospital lets you leave we need to get on a plane and get you there so you’ll be safe.”
Chapter five

The doctor came in and told us they wanted to keep me overnight just to keep an eye on me and the test results should be done by morning. So, Jesse spent the evening mostly on his phone making arrangements for us to go to his safe house. I could hear some of the one sided conversations as I dozed on and off.
“Yes get the plane ready to leave as soon as I call you in the morning.  Phone Allie and ask her to go out and get some clothing for Cassie. Tell her she is about her size. Oh! And women’s necessities too. Get some medical supplies in case we need them and have the Johnsons stock the fridge and pantry. I don’t know, for a few months at least, just in case. Grab my Satellite phone and my laptop too as well as some clothes for me. Have Avery pick up my truck. Yes, I know. I know!”  
I can see him from the corner of my eye as he looks over at me. “You know what else you need to pack for me? Yes. Ok. We will see you in the morning.”
Wow, a plane?  Where the hell are we going?  He seems to have thought of everything we will need. I secretly hope we have to stay for a long while.  I mean I love Stella and the gang, but I need something more in my life. I guess when this is all over I will have to face the inevitable, but I have time before I have to do that.
Bright and early the next morning, the doctor comes into the room waking me up.  Poor Jesse had slept in that uncomfortable chair again. I feel bad.  
“Good morning. How are you feeling today?” Dr. Moore asks.
I wince as I shift in the bed. “Sore, but I slept pretty well.” 
She looks at my chart and her eyes look up at me and smiles. “Good. I’ll make sure you get another shot for the pain before you leave. The test results came back and everything looks really good. No STD’s, no internal issues and no pregnancy.” She looks over at Jesse before returning to me. 
“However, I feel that you should take another pregnancy test or maybe a few within days of each other because it could have just been too early for anything to show. As I told you yesterday, the morning after pill is 95% effective so there is still a small chance of pregnancy. The tests you can buy over the counter are very good now.” She smiles.
“Now, your ribs will take about 4 to six weeks to heal so you will need to be really careful. I’m giving you some pain meds to take with you that should help control the pain level as well as a prescription you can fill when you need to.”
“Thank you, Dr. Moore. I really appreciate all your help,” I say as she begins to leave the room.  She turns around and says, “I will go and have them get the discharge papers ready so you can go. It was nice to meet you both. I hope everything works out for you.”
As soon as the doctor leaves the room, Jesse picks up his phone, hits a button and puts it to his ear.  “They are getting the discharge papers ready now.  We will see you in about 20 to 30 minutes.” And he hangs up.
Once we leave the hospital Jesse gets us a cab. As we get closer to the airport, I am getting a little nervous. I’m trying to trust him, and I am so thankful to him, but I really don’t know him. I am also going to a place I have never been before.  
Walking through the airport we go to a private gate, walk down a hallway and through a door that leads outside. Standing outside the door I look over and see a small private plane sitting there. Wow! 
There’s a gentleman standing at the foot of the stairs that leads up to the plane. He’s really tall and has on a black t-shirt under a black jacket and black jeans. He is wearing Polaroids that hide his eyes and has jet black hair that is cut really short. He looks really muscular. 
When we walk to him, Jesse shakes his hand, and they give each other a ‘man hug’.  Jesse looks at me and says, “This is Tyler. He’s our family bodyguard as well as a friend. Tyler, this is Cassie.” 
Tyler bows and gives a slight smile. I smile back. “Nice to meet you Tyler.” Weird, what family needs a bodyguard? This is getting stranger by the minute.
We board the plane, and Jesse gets me a pillow and blanket. “It’s about a two hour flight so I want you to be comfortable. After we take off I can get you something to eat and drink, ok?” Jesse says. 
I nod and smile. “Thank you that would be great.” I fasten my seat belt and get comfortable. Jesse sits across from me in the really nice and comfortable leather seats and buckles himself in.
Shortly, Tyler appears and says, “We are ready for take-off. I will let you know when you can move around the plane.” Jesse nods at him. “Thanks, Tyler.”
I have never flown on a plane before. I have barely even been in a car. I am excited and nervous at the same time.
“So, where exactly is this safe house and why do you have one?” I ask Jesse.  
He clears his throat. “Well, um, you see my dad is actually a famous surgeon and there have been times over the years that the public has gotten a little carried away seeking his attention.  He basically takes care of the medical needs of quite a few famous people,” he shrugs. “A couple of years ago, the men who kidnapped you, well, they killed my mother.”  
I gasp, covering my mouth with my hand. “Oh, Jesse. I’m so sorry. That’s horrible. Is that why you have been after them?”  
He nods. “Yes, it’s been hard to pin them down. They’ve kept moving around so much. I’ve been trying to get something on them to put them away since I had no evidence to get them for my Mom’s murder. They need to pay for what they’ve done. That’s why I need your help. Since I can’t get them for my mother’s death, I can put them away for what they’ve done to you.”
“I will do whatever I can, Jesse.” I give him a slight smile.
At that time, Tyler’s voice came over the speaker telling us that it was ok to move around the plane now.  Jesse asks me, “Would you like ham or turkey on your sandwich?” Smiling bigger I say, “Ham please and do you have a diet coke? I would love that too if you do.”  
“Coming right up,” Jesse says as he makes his way to the back of the plane.
Chapter six

While I wait for my food, I am thinking of how horrible it must be losing your mom to those men and how they killed her. How awful. Then I think about my mom and dad and how I miss them so much. They were taken away from me at such an early age by a drunk driver. I guess that is murder too but in a different way.
Jesse returns and places my food and drink down on a side tray in front of me and sits in his seat with his food.  
I am starving!  “Great sandwich,” I say between bites.  Jesse laughs, “Wait until I cook for you at the house. You haven’t tasted anything yet.” He winks at me. Swoon! “A man who cooks too. Wow!” I say.
After we eat I am so tired that I lay my head against the pillow with the blanket over me and fall asleep.  The next thing I know Jesse is shaking me slightly telling me we are there. I sit up and stretch, which really hurts my ribs. “Owwww.” 
“Are you ok, do you need a pain med?” 
I smile and I rub my side gently. “No, it’s ok. I just really need to remember not to stretch like that for a while.”
When we get off the plane, I look over and there is a black SUV with dark tinted windows. Jesse is talking to Tyler quietly behind me, so I can’t hear what they are saying. 
I turn to see them shake hands and do that ‘man hug’ and then Jesse walks towards me. “Ready?” He asks.  
“Ready as I will ever be.” I smile at him.  He gives me his beautiful smile, looking at me with those light blue gleaming eyes. I think I just melted.
As Jesse is driving he tells me it will take about an hour to get there.  
“So, tell me about your family. Why didn’t you let me call them on the way to the hospital or while we were there?”  
“Well, my parents were killed in a car accident when I was 7. A drunk driver hit them. I was told they died instantly.”  
He turns his head and frowns, “Cassie, I am so sorry. What happened then, did you go live with an aunt, uncle, other family?”
“Ah, that’s another long story that I really don’t want to talk about yet, ok?” I ask. Jesse looks at me and nods. “We will have plenty of time together so I hope you can eventually feel more comfortable with me. Maybe you will feel like you can tell me later.” 
He puts his hand over mine that is lying on the seat and gives me a serious look. “Cassie. I know it’s hard to trust me so soon, but I really want you to feel that you can.” I smile at him hoping maybe one day I will feel that way too.
I fall asleep on the way. When I wake up, the car isn’t moving anymore, and Jesse isn’t in the car. I look through the front window at the most beautiful house.  It’s a two story house in the shape of an ‘L’.   I am unable to move as I look around and take in the beautiful scenery. The house looks so homey, something I don’t remember ever having.
A knock on my window makes me jump. I turn and see Jesse standing with my car door open and smiling at me. “Wow, Jesse! This is amazing!” He chuckles and says, “Wait until you see the inside.  Come on let me help you.” So sweet!
Taking my hand, he helps me out of the car and leads me into the garage. We walk through the door that leads into the house, and I stop still. 
The entryway from the garage is a laundry room on the right and a closet on the left. Looking in front of me, I can see it open into the most fabulous kitchen! Dark cabinets and stainless steel appliances. There is an island that is shaped in a smooth curved L and all the counters are a shade of gray. Everything looks brand new. To the left, in the same room, is an eating area with a beautiful mahogany table and chairs sitting in front of a huge bay window.
“Jesse this is fabulous. Seriously, it’s so beautiful!”  
He gives me his award winning smile and walks me into the kitchen. “This is where I will be making all the awesome meals for us,” he chuckles.
He then takes me through the kitchen into a small hallway and in front of us are stairs that lead to the 2nd story. Turning my head to the right is a guest bathroom. He takes me to the left down a hall, and we turn right.  
A huge living room is there with the most beautiful furniture. A wall mounted flat screen T.V. hangs over a fireplace with a light colored tan leather couch facing it. An oversized tan leather chair sits next to it on the left. A beautiful square coffee table is in front of them.
On the walls I see what looks like family pictures. There are built in bookshelves on either side of the fireplace filled with books. I could get lost in those books, curled up on the chair with a fire blazing in the fireplace. WOW!  I think I just drooled a bit from my mouth that’s hanging open.
“Come on, let me show you the rest,” Jesse says as he leads me past the living room.  “This is an office that I use when I am here. I don’t always use this as a safe house. Sometimes I just come here when I want to be alone and while I am here I can get some work done too.” 
I look at him with a smile. “Work? How can you be undercover and work here?”  
“Ha, well that’s a long story that I will tell you at another time,” he says and flicks my nose with his finger. Too cute!
We head back the way we came and head up the stairs to the 2nd floor. We turn left at the top and begin to walk down the hall. “This first room is a bedroom. Next is a bathroom that connects to that bedroom and the bedroom on the other side. Now, this one at the end is the master bedroom. You can stay in there while you’re here and I will take the room next to it.” 
“Oh, no,” I say as I shake my head. “I don’t have to take the master bedroom. It’s your house, you take it.” I stop where we are in the hallway. He smiles, “Nope, you’re taking it. I insist. I want you to be comfortable while you’re here and it has the best bed in the house.”
He opens the bedroom door, and I gasp. This is bigger than my entire apartment. I have never seen a bedroom this big before in my life.  
“Wow.  I could just live in here. It’s all so beautiful!” I smile.
He laughs and tugs me into the room, pulling me to the right he opens a door to show me the bathroom.  Then he turns me around and leads me to a set of double doors to the right. He opens them both at the same time and I cannot believe my eyes. It’s an enormous walk in closet with racks of clothes. I can see the tags are still on them and there are shoes beneath them on the floor in an orderly fashion.
“Ahem, I hope you don’t mind. I took the liberty of having my sister go shopping, which she lives for anyway, to get you what you need while you’re here. I hope they fit. You look like you’re about the same size as her.” 
“Oh my gosh, Jesse. Thank you but you didn’t need to go to so much trouble and spend so much money. I really appreciate it though.” I can’t believe he went to all this trouble for me. 
“Trust me, Cassie. Money is no object for me,” he smirks. What the hell does that mean?
Chapter seven

Jesse leaves me so I can lie down for a bit.  I am exhausted. He gives me the pain meds the doctor provided and shuts the door on his way out. I go into the bathroom, get a glass of water and take one.  When I lie down on the bed I am in heaven. I don’t know about the other beds in the house, but this is so comfortable. It doesn’t take me long to fall asleep.
“NOOOO, NOOOOO don’t touch me! Let me go, please let me go.” I am tossing and turning while screaming at the top of my lungs. Sweat is pouring off me. I can feel someone shaking me and yelling. “Cassie, Cassie wake up! You’re having a bad dream. Wake up!”
I open my eyes and look into Jesse’s concerned ones. I am breathing heavy and am trying to focus on him. I sit up quickly, throw my arms around his neck and bury my face into his shoulder. I begin to cry uncontrollably. 
“Shhh, shhhh it’s ok honey. Its ok. I’ve got you now. I’ve got you,” he whispers in my ear as he wraps his arms around me and rubs my back.
Once I can calm down I pull back, my arms still around his neck, and look into his caring eyes. “I’m sorry. I couldn’t get away. They wouldn’t let me go.” I start breathing heavy again. 
“Shhh, it's ok honey.” He leans his head forward and looks in my eyes. “Try and calm down for me. Take some deep breaths. Why don’t I go and run you a nice bath and you can soak in it for a while why I finish getting dinner ready, ok? I think it will help calm you.”
I smile at him and nod. I watch him as he goes into the bathroom. I hear the water running in the bath tub. He comes out and just stands there looking at me. “There are some pajamas in the dresser over there. Please help yourself. No need to dress up for dinner.” He smiles and winks at me.
I give a small laugh and take a deep breath. As he starts to leave I stop him. “Jesse?” He turns towards me. “Yes?”  
“Thank you so much for being there for me. I have never had anyone do that before.” 
Jesse looks at me and cocks his head. “Never?” He asks. I shake my head. He adds. “Well I am honored then to be the first person that could do that for you.” He smiles and leaves the room.
After a great dinner of salad, green beans, baked chicken and rolls I am stuffed to the brim.
“Wow!  You ARE a great cook!” I smile at Jesse.  I am so full that I am about to explode. He smiles at me and looks down like he is a little shy. Who knew? “You cooked so I can clean up,” I say starting to stand but stopping and yawning loudly. 
“Oh, no you don’t! You are my guest here and you are trying to heal so I will clean up. And obviously you’re tired,” he laughs. I put my finger to my chin like I am really thinking hard. “Ok, but here’s the deal. From what I understand we could be here for quite a while so as I am getting better I will start pitching in around here and if you cook, I will clean up.  Deal?”  
“Deal,” he says with a smile and a wink.
“Ok then. I am going to head up to bed. Thank you so much for a lovely dinner.” I walk over to him and kiss him lightly on his cheek. Even though I am still a bit nervous, I am starting to feel more comfortable around him. He is so caring, tender and of course so HOT! If I wasn’t so messed up, I could really fall for him. 

~*~*~*~

I sit up abruptly in bed screaming so loud it’s piercing my eardrums. I am sweating, breathing heavy, and I have the comforter in a death grip in both of my hands. Jesse comes running into the room and quickly sits down next to me and puts his hands on my shoulders. “Cassie, Cassie.  It’s ok,” he says calmly.  
I quiet down but I’m breathing heavy. “They, they won’t stop. They won’t go away,” I say stammering.  
“Who won’t go away honey?” 
I am sobbing. “Those men, they won’t leave my head. And, and what they did. I. I. I, they, they won’t leave my head!” He puts his arms around me. “Come here,” he says pulling me towards him. I put my arms around his neck and cry into his chest. I start hiccupping as I begin to calm down.  
“Do you want to take something to help you sleep baby? I have some meds that will help,” he asks me in a whisper. I pull back and nod. He leaves me for a short time returning with pills and a glass of water. I am relieved when he sits down next to me. I feel so much safer when he’s near.
I take the pills and set the glass of water on the night stand. Jesse puts his hand on the side of my face and rubs my cheek with his thumb while rubbing my hair on the side of my face with his fingers. Oh, that is nice. Very relaxing.
“Are you ok now to sleep?” I take a deep breath letting it out slowly. “I think so. Thank you.”  He begins to stand and turns to leave, but I grab his hand. “Can, can you stay with me until I fall asleep? Please?” I look at him with sad eyes as the tears begin to form again. He looks down at me and gives me a small smile. “Of course I will.”
Chapter eight

I awaken with the best feeling of being relaxed that I have had in a long time. I stretch my arms above my head and wince. Damn it! I keep forgetting I can’t do that right now. I reach my right hand over my left ribs and rub lightly. When I do that something catches my eye, and I turn my head.  
There, still asleep, is Jesse. He must have fallen asleep while waiting for me to. Of course, he has to be exhausted. Taking care of me, making all the arrangements, sleeping in that horrible chair in the hospital not to mention all the time he spent sitting in his truck waiting to rescue me.   
Poor thing. I lay there watching him as he sleeps. He’s beautiful. He looks younger when he’s asleep. His beard scruff has grown. I sigh as I reach over with my right hand and lightly move his hair back from his forehead. He sighs in his sleep and has an ever so slight smile on his lips. I think I am falling for this beautiful man. But, how can I be? This is so fast, but I can’t help the way I feel and how fast my heart is beating. He is my savior forever!
Slowly, and carefully I slide out of bed and head downstairs.  Even though I am in pain I decide to make him breakfast for all he has done for me.
I look in the refrigerator and find eggs, butter and bacon and set them on the counter next to the stove.  I look in the pantry cabinet and find bread. The cabinet next to the stove is where I find a skillet and begin making everything.
I am almost done when Jesse comes into the kitchen.  He coughs, and I jump almost dropping the hot skillet. “Oh my god, Jesse!  You scared the shit outta me!” I yell.
I set the skillet down quickly and grab my ribs. “Cassie, are you ok? I didn’t mean to scare you. I’m sorry,” he says as he jogs over to me. He puts his arms around me and I look up at him. He’s got to be about 5 inches taller than me.  
“I’m ok. Damn! When am I gonna learn not to stretch or make sudden movements?” 
Jesse chuckles, “Well I hope that you learn that soon before you hurt yourself more.”
Over breakfast we talk about all kinds of things. We each take turns telling each other our favorite color, movie, book, things to do and so on.
“So, your dad is surgeon for the rich and famous?  Wow. How does one get to do that?” I laugh.  
Jesse gives a big sigh. “Well, once he became a surgeon in LA, he specialized in Orthopedics. He was working in the ER one night and a famous movie star came in. He ended up treating them and they told others and pretty soon others just started calling him. So he opened his own practice. The rest is history as they say,” he says chuckling.  
“That’s amazing. He must really be good. How can the son of a famous surgeon have a safe house that no one knows about?” 
 Jesse smirks at me. “A son that set it up under another name that is not associated with his. I call it my safe house because it’s where my dad, my sister, or I can come when we want to get away and not be bothered.” Huh, makes sense to me.
“I will clean up this time since you cooked. Why don’t you go and get comfortable on the couch and we can watch a movie when I am done.” Jesse stands up and starts gathering our dishes.
“Sounds great. I am just going to go upstairs and get dressed first. Be right back,” I say as I stand.
I go upstairs and look through the enormous closet for something comfortable to wear.  This whole thing is so surreal. I get kidnapped, raped and beaten then a beautiful man rescues me and brings me to his safe house, which is gorgeous and is stocked full of food, new clothes and toiletries for me. Seriously, am I dreaming?
After I find a really cute jogging top and pants, I quickly get dressed and go into the bathroom. I wash my face, brush my teeth and run a brush through my long hair that still needs trimming badly. Looking in the mirror, I lightly touch my left cheek. That bruise is gonna take a while to heal. At least my eye is opening up more. I look at myself and sigh. 
I go back downstairs and find Jesse going through DVD’s that are in a cabinet to the right of the couch. “So, what sounds good to watch? I have most of the newer movies that are out right now.” 
I make my way over to the left side of the couch and sit down pulling my legs under me. “Hmmm, I don’t care as long as it’s not a drama. I think I have had enough of that for a while. You pick,” I say smiling.
Jesse grabs a DVD and puts the disc into the player. He comes over and sits on the right side of the couch, turns the TV on and pushes play on the DVD remote. 
I feel a little awkward and nervous in the silence as we wait for the movie to start. I look at Jesse out from the corner of my eye who seems to be feeling the same. Finally, the movie starts and I laugh. It’s Ice Age. “I freaking love this movie!” I say laughing. 
“It’s one of my favorites when I need something light hearted,” Jesse says laughing.  
By the time the movie is coming to its end, I have fallen asleep. I am warm and the TV is turned off.  I feel a hand rubbing my hair on the back of my head. Oh that feels so good. I look up and see Jesse watching me. Somehow I had lain down on the couch, my head in his lap. Oh my! 
“Sorry, I hope I didn’t wake you, Cassie? I have been trying really hard not to say anything that would make you uncomfortable. You’ve been through so much. But I have to tell you. You’re so beautiful,” he whispers. I lay there staring up at him and can’t help looking at his pouting lips. He leans down lightly brushing his lips to mine. He holds them there for a minute and pulls back. He looks at me with such caring and love? Nah, it can’t be love, lust maybe?
I slowly sit up holding my side and turn to him. I can tell he is uncomfortable. “I’m sorry. I know it’s too soon. I shouldn’t have done that,” he says quickly looking down.  
I smile and sigh. “No, that was actually perfect. I know we don’t know each other very well yet, but I do trust you. You make me feel protected.” I lean over and kiss his lips. 
He puts his left arm around me and his right hand to the side of the face and deepens our kiss. His tongue searches my lower lip until I open my mouth for him. Our tongues explore each other’s for what seemed to be hours even though I know it was only minutes. Wow, can he kiss! We are both breathing heavily now, and I am practically on his lap. When did that happen?
Finally, I pull back and look into his gorgeous eyes.  “Wow! That was incredible,” I whisper. He has a huge smile on his face showing me those white perfect teeth and then his face turns serious. “Yes, you are,” he says looking deep into my eyes. I have just melted into a puddle on the couch. 
Things like this just don’t happen to me. I mean never. Nothing has gone right in my life. When I was kidnapped it just added the icing on the cake that is my life. Now, looking into my savior’s eyes, I feel that maybe my life is changing. Finally, something good is happening in my life. I am excited and scared at the same time. Scared that it could change, this could be taken from me. No, I am going to live in the now, for the moment, day by day. I am not going to let this feeling over take me.  I am going to be happy and enjoy this as long as life lets me.
Chapter nine

“Come on. I have something you need to know about,” Jesse says as we make our way down the hall by his office. To the right just before his office door there is a wall with a built in bookcase. 
“Geez, you all must really like to read. You have bookcases filled with books everywhere,” I said looking at all the books in awe.  
Jesse chuckles, “Yes, well we do, but these aren’t real books. It’s just for appearances. Feel them.” I reach out and touch a book. It feels real to me. I tug on it, but it won’t budge. What the hell?  
“See, they look and feel real, right?” He asks. I nod. He then runs his right hand across the next to the highest shelf and stops on a book and pulls on it. I jump back as the bookcase moves to the right along the wall and a doorway appears. Ok that was kind of scary.
Jesse grabs my left hand and intertwines our fingers. “It’s ok, it’s a safe area downstairs. It’s used in case of an emergency. Come on. I’ll show you.” 
Jesse reaches over and flips a light switch on the wall to his left. In front of us is a spiral staircase. He guides me down the stairs with him in front of me and at the bottom he flips another light switch. I gasp as I stare into the huge room in front of me. It looks like it is as big as the upstairs. 
Looking around I see a rec room with a pool table, couches, and a bar to the right along the wall. As we walk through the room, he shows me a large bathroom on the left and on the other side is an alcove.
He takes me into the alcove. “If, for some reason, say the house is being broken into, you can come down here. On the inside of the wall is a hidden button. It’s very hard to see because it’s built into the wall.”  
He presses the button and a sliding door opens into the wall. It’s a small room, so small that only a few people would be able to fit in it comfortably. There is nothing really in there but walls and a security light.
“It’s a safety room in case the downstairs is breached,” he says looking at me. 
“Wow, you have certainly thought of everything with this house,” I say smiling at Jesse. I am so impressed right now. He reaches up with his right hand and cups my cheek. “Anything to keep my family safe.” Wow!  I think I just melted again.
For the rest of that day we just lazied around, watching movies and snuggling on the couch. I could really go for this every day, especially the snuggling part. I find that I am losing myself to him. Surely, he can’t want someone like me. He will come to his senses when this is all over. But for now, I am going to enjoy it.
When the last movie is over, Jesse clicks the remote and the TV turns off.  He pulls away from our snuggling position, turning his body to mine and says, “Care to have a more serious discussion now?”  
I swallow hard and turn to him, mirroring his position and half smile. “Um, what kind of serious discussion?” I ask. He looks at me with those gleaming, caring blue eyes and clears his throat. “Well, in the car on the way here you mentioned something about a long story of your life. What happened to you once your parents died?  Care to share now?”
Wow, ok. I guess I can do this. No, I need to do this. I want to know everything about him, and I want him to know everything about me. I am falling so deep for him and am so comfortable with him now. I need him to know. Then if he decides I am not worth it, it can be over quick. Even though it will kill me for him not to want me, I will never ever find another man like him. I will try to live the rest of my life as best I can. I mean really, my life has not been a great one so far. I might as well continue it the same way.
Shifting a little in my seat, out of nervousness, I begin.
“Ok, um. I’m an only child, and all my relatives were gone so it was just me then. Even though I was only seven, I was a fairly smart kid. I mean look how brilliant I am now.” I laugh, and he smiles at me.  
“Anyway, the state put me in the foster care world.  Let me just say, it’s not all cracked up to what it should be. I mean I think there are some great foster care families out there, but I never found one. I went from one foster family after another. There were so many I lost count at one point, but this was all out of survival instinct. Each one was worse than the other, yelling, verbal abuse, physical abuse.” I stop there and look over to him.  He’s just staring at me with a scared look in his eyes and his mouth slightly open.
“No one cared, really. No one showed any love. To answer the question in your mind, no, I had never been raped. But it’s not that some didn’t try. They did other things that I have pushed way far back in my mind because they are too horrible to remember. So I just kept running. I would be caught and placed, yet again, in another wonderful foster home.”  I take a deep breath. The tears were forming in my eyes, but I refuse to let them drop. Not now!
“This kept up until the great age of 18. It’s great because once you turn into the adult age the state simply kicks you out into the street, on your own, with whatever belongings you have at that time, which of course is not much. No money, no job, no way to fend for yourself. I mean, who does that to a poor, defenseless 18 year old? Seriously, I still wonder to this day how they can do that to someone.” I look at him as one single tear falls down my left cheek. Jesse reaches over and rubs it away with his thumb.
“Cassie, if you want to stop, we can pick it up again some other time. Really,” he says to me as he’s wiping away my tear. 
“No, this is good. I want you to know.” I smile at him.
Another deep breath and I continue. “Once I was out on the street, I was lucky to find a small café. I saw a ‘Need Help’ sign in the window. Of course, I didn’t know how to do anything but clean because most of the foster homes made me clean their houses. They never wanted to lift a finger, so I got really great at it. I really didn’t mind it too much.  It’s not like it was that hard to do. So I went in an applied for the job.” I smile and get a faraway look in my eyes as I remember walking in the front door with my head held high. “The Sweet Café. It’s called that for the best homemade desserts they make.” Yum, I can smell them now. And as if on cue my stomach starts growling.
Jesse laughs. “Um, do you want to grab a snack to munch on while we finish our discussion?”  
“Ha!  Sure, sounds good to me,” I say as I get up from the couch and make my way to the kitchen.  Jesse, still laughing, follows me and gets out some microwave popcorn and starts to make it. I go to the refrigerator and get out a diet coke for me and a regular one for him.  
“You know you don’t need to be having anything diet, Cassie. Seriously, you are a little on the skinny side. Not that you’re not the most beautiful woman I have ever seen,” he adds quickly.
I just stand there and stare at him, with the refrigerator door still open. I can’t believe he just said that. I am going to melt so much I won’t be here anymore. GAH!

~*~*~*~

“Jesse, you’re so sweet. Thank you. But, um, actually I love the taste of diet coke. I am kind of a diet cokaholic.” I smile. Jesse starts laughing so hard he is bent over with his hands on his knees.  He straightens back up, still laughing and chokes out, “Well the first step is admitting it, I guess.” I start laughing too as his laughter is so contagious. 
Once we get settled again on the couch, basically in the same positions facing each other as we were before, eating our popcorn and sipping on our drinks, I begin again.
“I was so nervous going into the Café. I had never applied for a job before and other than cleaning I really had no other training of any kind. But they were so welcoming, said they would train me to be a waitress. They said I could start by bussing tables and helping clean the kitchen until I was more comfortable. It didn’t pay a lot but it was my first job. I was so excited!” I stopped and ate some popcorn and drank some of my drink.  
He looks at me and gives me that wonderful full smile. “It’s so great that they took you under their wing like that. Not many would do that. I am going to have to pay them a visit and thank them and of course try out some of their homemade desserts. I mean, I wouldn’t want to offend them,” he chuckles.   
I laugh. “Ha, yes we wouldn’t want that.” We sit there for a minute laughing then I resume. “Well, after cleaning and cleaning and more cleaning I finally tried waitressing and ya know what?  It was easy. Geez, if I had only known that at the beginning. I started making more money with the raise I got and the tips were great! I became more at ease with people. I was really shy at first because I really didn’t trust anyone. After what I went through in my life, I didn’t think there could actually be nice people out there. Then I realized one day those that had been mean and abusive to me were a selected few out of many and not all people were like that. The manager who hired me and the other staff at the café helped to show me that.” I smile.
Again I sit there reminiscing of my friends. I miss them. I really need to call Stella.
I sigh. “The Manager-Owner, Stella and all the people that work there became my friends. They showed me everything and were constantly trying to get me to go out and do things as well as trying to fatten me up. Their words, not mine. Ha!”  
Jesse laughs again. “Well, um, I can see how they would. You are a little on the skinny side. I think that is my new mission in life, to put a little meat on those bones.” He pokes his finger in my good side. I giggle.
I look at him with a smirk on my face. “Well ok then. But don’t get too carried away.” I smile.  
“Never,” he said with a devious smile.
“So, that’s basically my story, such as it is. What about you? What’s your story?  Fair is fair.”  He rolls his eyes at me. Really?  
“Hum, well I’ll share but not tonight. I think we’ve had enough depressing stories for now.” He smiles. “We can have that discussion another time. I think maybe it’s time to get a good night’s sleep, ok?”
“But I’m not tired,” I say with a huge yawn. 
“Ha, yes I can see that. Come on, let’s go,” Jesse laughs. 
He gets up and starts gathering the popcorn bowl and soda cans and heads to the kitchen. I stand and stretch slightly trying not to hurt my ribs any more than I already have and go to the stairs. By the time I reach the bottom of the stairs Jesse is coming up behind me, turning off lights as he approaches. I begin to ascend the stairs and can feel his hand on my lower back. Sigh, I can really see myself with him, here forever.

Chapter ten

The faces are back in my head, the movements, and the horror. “Make it stop!” I scream. I am tossing and turning, getting all twisted up in the sheets. I am sweating and screaming. “No, NOOOOOOOOO!  Stop!! Let me go!!! Jesssseeeeeeee! Help me!”
Quickly, I am in Jesse’s arms. He is rubbing my back and whispering comforting words in my ear.  He has one hand on the back of my head pressing my screaming and crying face into his chest, all the while he is rubbing my head. “Shhh, baby. I’ve got you. I am here. You’re ok, baby. Shhh,” he keeps repeating over and over.
I begin to calm down my breathing and the hiccups start. I can’t stop sniffling though. That was the worst nightmare I think I have ever had, and I have had plenty in my short life.
Jesse lays us down and wraps me in his arms. He whispers, “Is this ok?” I nod as I lay my head on his shoulder. “I wish I could take away your nightmares, baby. I’m so sorry that happened to you, but I’m glad it was me who found you.”
We lay like that for what seemed like hours. He kept softly whispering to me until I drift off to sleep.
The next few days I feel my shyness wearing thin where Jesse is concerned. I am scared and excited at the same time. What if he doesn’t want me because I was raped? I feel so dirty and cheap. What if I turn out to be pregnant?  What will I do? All of these thoughts keep invading my head.
One afternoon as we were cleaning up the kitchen after lunch, I look over at Jesse who is wiping off the counters. I can see a tattoo peeking out from under his shirt sleeve.
“Um, Jesse?” 
He continues to wipe and looks over at me, “Yeah?” I shift back and forth where I stand, nervous for some reason. “Is-is that a tattoo on your arm?” 
He smiles and nods at me. He stops wiping the counter and sets the cloth down. Walking over to me, he pulls up the sleeve on his shirt over his shoulder. Once he reaches me he turns so that his left arm is in front of me.
“It’s a symbol that means forever. I got it after mom died. I wanted something that meant I would remember her forever,” he says with a small smile.
I reach up to his arm and lightly trace it with my finger. “It’s beautiful.” I slide my finger over it, following the pattern. It’s a heart but has lines going around it from either side and through the middle. 
Jesse looks at me and smiles. I shiver and feel heat go down my body at the same time. He drops his sleeve and reaches over and lays his hand on my shoulder. “Are you ok, Cassie? Are you cold? You’re shivering,” he asks concerned.
I blush. “Um, no. I’m fine, really.” I smile shyly. “I’m, um, gonna go lay down for a bit, ok?” 
He nods at me with a frown. “If you’re sure you’re ok.” 
I compose myself and nod my head, maybe a little too much. “Really, I’m fine. I just-” I stop and wonder if I should say how I am feeling.  No, it’s too soon. “I’m just gonna go lay down.” I smile, turn and go upstairs. 

~*~*~*~

I feel refreshed after my nap. I go downstairs to the kitchen and get a diet coke. I pop the lid, take a giant gulp and sigh. Just what I needed.
I walk into the living room looking for Jesse and don’t find him. I walk down the short hall towards his office, and I see the door is slightly ajar. I can hear him talking to someone but only hear his voice. He must be on his phone. I feel like I am eavesdropping but can’t stop myself.
“Oh, that’s great!  They will love that. Yes, that’s perfect. Ok. I know! Don’t you think I know that?” He sighs. “I should have more time to spend on that, at least for a while.  Thanks, Betsy. You know I really appreciate you and all that you do.  I couldn’t manage without you. I love you too. Bye.” 
I don’t know why but jealousy begins to rear its ugly head. Where is that coming from?  I have no business, no right, to feel this way.  But I can’t help it.  Who is this Betsy and what is he appreciating so much? And he loves her? Grrrrrr. 
I can hear him push back a chair so I jog, as much as my injured body will let me, down the hall into the living room and sit on the couch.  I grab the TV remote and turn it on.  I have no idea what’s on the screen.
Jesse walks in and stops beside the couch. “Oh, you’re awake. Did you sleep well?” He asks. I turn my head and look up at him and give him a half smile. “Um, yes, I did. Thank you,” I say with a bit of a snap. He looks at me, his face showing confusion. “Ohhh, kay,” he says. He looks over at the TV screen and then back at me, his confused expression turning into a smirk. “And what are you watching?” He says as he cocks his head.
I quickly look at the screen.  Looking back and forth between the screen and Jesse I say, “Well, it’s a great show about making plastic containers.  I am really learning a lot.” Oh, my God! This is horrible and so not believable.
He stares at me. I wiggle in my seat, so uncomfortable. “Hmmm, didn’t seem like you were the crafty type,” he says with a smirk. I look at him even more unsure now. “Well, I do like to make things, um, sometimes. It’s nice to get ideas,” I say with a shrug. 
“Ok then. Well, I am gonna go clean up,” he says. I can’t say anything, so I just nod.
After dinner, we are sitting on the couch watching a movie. Jesse has his arm across the back of the couch almost touching my shoulder. I feel my body starting to heat. I don’t understand these feelings. I’ve never had them before. I am feeling bad about the way I acted earlier. As the ending credits of the movie roll up the screen I turn, tucking my legs under me and face Jesse.
“Jesse?” I hesitate. “I’m sorry I was a little, um, short with you earlier. I overheard you talking on the phone in your office and, well, um, who’s Betsy?” I look down then, studying my hands that I have clasped together and am nervously wringing. “I mean, it’s really none of my business,” I start to say.
Jesse turns to me. “Oh! Betsy? Well, she works for me. Why? Wait!” He stops abruptly. He slides closer to me and lifts my chin with his finger. He looks deeply into my eyes. “Are you, are you jealous?” He asks with a cocky grin.
I snap my head out of his grip. “No! No! Why would I be jealous? That’s the silliest thing I have ever heard.” My face heats up. Oh, my God, I am blushing so bad right now. 
He laughs. “Hmmm, ok.  My mistake. But that color looks beautiful on you.” I drop my head. How embarrassing. “I, I, I don’t know what you’re talking about,” I say to my chest.
The next thing I know I am being pulled to Jesse and his lips are on mine. I moan. He holds the back of my head in his hand and is rubbing up and down, stroking my hair. We deepen the kiss and both moan in unison. 
When we finally break away we are both panting. “I’m sorry,” I say looking into his blue eyes. He looks at me worried. “I’m not. I have feelings for you, Cassie. Feelings that I can’t stop. You need to tell me to stop, if it’s not what you want. I don’t think I can stop on my own,” he says, his eyes searching mine.
He has such a gleam in his eyes, such concern and love? I shake my head. No. It can’t be love.
I take his hands in mine. “I’m not sorry for that. I, I have feelings for you too but I-” I stop and take a deep breath. “I’m not sure I’m ready to act on them fully yet. I’m confused, and I am trying still to figure things out.”
Jesse pulls me in an embrace. “Baby, you take all the time you need. I know you have been through so much. You’re so brave.” He pushes me back a little and stares into my eyes. “Do you know how brave you are?” I shyly shake my head. He pulls me back and holds me again. “Oh, baby. After all you have been through in your life, I think you’re the bravest person I know.” Tears form in my eyes. I don’t feel very brave.

Chapter eleven

Jesse walks me to my room, holding my hand. I turn to him. “Will you, will you hold me while I sleep?” I beg. “The nightmares don’t come when I am with you. I feel protected with you.” 
He takes his other hand and cups my face. “I will always protect you, Cassie. Come on let’s go to sleep.” He takes me into the room and shuts the door behind him. I quickly take my pajamas into the bathroom, change, wash my face and brush my teeth.
Jesse is already in bed with the covers next to him turned down. He looks at me as he pats the bed. “Come here, baby.”
I slowly walk over, shyly, and climb in. He moves over and takes me in his arms. I feel him rubbing my arm that is lying across him. I begin to drift off, feeling more comfortable. I feel him lightly kiss my head as he whispers, “I will always protect you.” I smile and fall into a deep slumber.
As the days pass by, slowly my feelings for Jesse bloom. We kiss more now. I’m not feeling quite as shy around him. 
My ribs are healing and the bruises around my eye and cheek are a light yellow now. I am feeling so much better.
As we lay in bed one night talking, I turn in Jesse’s arms. “Thank you,” I say as I kiss his cheek. He looks at me and smiles. “What are you thanking me for exactly?”
I sigh. “For taking care of me, holding me. Sometimes I feel like everything is going so good. Almost too good.  Nothing ever works out for me.  I’m scared something is going to happen. To you, to me, I dunno. I can’t explain it.” I shrug.
He looks at me with concern. “Baby, we can only take one day at a time. And I, for one, am going to make sure you’re happy and stay happy. Everything will be ok.” He wraps his arm around me tighter.
I snuggle back into his chest and smile. Then I sigh again. “Well, also, I, um. These feelings for you. I…” Oh, my God this is so hard! I can’t look at him. “I want to be with you, um, more, but I don’t understand how you could ever want to be with me. I feel so dirty. Why would you want me like that?”
He lets go of me and turns on his side. He puts his left hand on my face and rubs my cheek. “Baby, God. I know that it’s hard for you after what happened but that’s not what I see when I look at you, when I kiss you or when I touch you. I see a beautiful woman. A brave and remarkable person who has overcome heartache in her life and terrible people who have hurt her over and over again, mentally and physically.” He stops and looks at me with such admiration. “I see the person I want to be with. I see the person who makes me feel more than anyone has ever made me feel. I see the person I want to touch all over and make love to. I see you.”
Tears are in my eyes now and begin to overflow and stream down my face. He wipes away some from my cheek. 
He leans forward and pushes his forehead against mine. “Baby, I will wait. I will wait for you to be ready even if it takes forever. Please believe me,” he says softly.
I nod, my forehead rubbing up and down on his. I take a deep quivering breath.
He pulls back and looks at me. “Are you ok?” He asks as he brushes the hair out of my face. 
I look into his eyes and sigh, “Yes, I’m ok now. Thank you for being so good to me.” He leans over again and kisses my forehead, his lips lingering there.
He lies back down, pulling me with him. We lay there for a while not saying anything.  He goes back to rubbing my arm as we lay there. I manage to finally fall asleep thinking how lucky I am.

Chapter twelve

The next afternoon we’re watching TV. I look over and Jesse has fallen asleep on the couch beside me. I go over to the chair and pull the afghan off and place it over him. I decide to take a shower and take a nap myself.
I feel so alone in the bed, but he was sleeping so peacefully, I didn’t have the heart to wake him up. Finally, I drift off.
Next thing I know I am screaming into Jesse’s chest. I was hitting his shoulders with my hands.
“Shhh, baby.  It’s ok. You’re ok. I’m here. I’ve got you. Shhhh,” he says in my ear. I start to calm down, I am breathing hard.
I pull back slightly, still sniffling, with tears rolling down my face. “Jesse, make it go away.  Make them go away. Please!” I begged.  I am searching his eyes as he is mine.
“Oh, baby.  I wish I knew how, I truly do.  I would do it in a heartbeat. Tell me how. Tell me how,” he pleads. 
“Make love to me, Jesse. Take the nightmares away. Touch me, feel me. I need to feel you. I need you.”
Jesse looks at me with his eyes moving back and forth between mine.  I can see the tears forming in his beautiful eyes.
“Are you sure, baby?  I don’t want to hurt you in any way. I need you to be sure this is what you want.” 
“I have never been surer of anything in my life, Jesse. I want you. I need you.”
Jesse looks at me with love in his eyes.  Wait, love?  No, way!  That can’t be. It’s too soon to be love and why would he feel that way anyway?  No one has ever loved me since my parents died.
“I would love to be your first. Truly you’re first,” he says with a lone tear falling down his cheek.  I rub the tear off his face with my hand and smile. 
He lays me back onto the bed and hovers over me, leaning on one elbow at my left side.  “I will be extra careful of your ribs, but you tell me if I am hurting you in any way or you need me to stop, ok?”  I nod at him and pull him to me.
We begin to kiss slowly, softly, but soon he starts to deepen the kiss and I follow, willingly.  Oh, so willingly. 
“You have way too many clothes on,” he says with a smirk.  I sit up taking my hands to the bottom of my shirt. I pull it over my head and throw it on the floor.  I have no idea where that just landed.  Jesse looks down at my bra, looks back up to my eyes and reaches around me and unclasps my bra.  He slowly pulls one strap over my shoulder and down my arm, then the next.  He takes my bra and throws it on the floor. Crash!  Oops!  Ok, that wasn’t the floor.  It landed heavily against the lamp on the dresser. We both can’t help but laugh.
“I’ll get a new one. I don’t care,” he says as he gently pushes me back down.
He looks at my chest with his gleaming blue eyes. “Beautiful.”
He attacks my mouth with his and we go deeper than we did before. It’s as if we cannot get enough of each other. 
I can barely take a breath but who cares at this point.  Who needs to breathe?  Breathing is so overrated. 
As our tongues explore each other’s lips and mouths, he moves his left hand down to my breast.  He softly rubs my nipple between his thumb and finger.  Oh, my God that feels soooo good!  I begin to feel something down in the pit of my stomach and all the way down to my groin.  I begin to moan with pleasure.
He trails his left hand down to my stomach. As he pulls his mouth off of mine, he begins kissing my body following his hand.  My body begins to wiggle beneath him and the feelings I am having are escalating.  What is that?  I feel like I could explode.  I have heard of orgasms, sure, but I have never had one.  
He gets down to the top of my pants and looks up at me. “Are you still ok?” I nod as I can’t speak. He smiles. “Still too many clothes on.” He looks up into my eyes and keeps them there as he begins to slowly pull down my jogging pants.  He breaks our eye contact and moves down as he finishes removing them.  He throws them on the floor next to the bed, more carefully.
Jesse crawls back over me and continues kissing a trail down until he is at my mound.  Oh, my God!  Hurry, please hurry, I can’t take much more!
Jesse looks up at me and smiles a little nervously.  “Are you sure you’re still ok, baby?” 
I am squirming on the bed now. “Jesse, please, please.  More, I need more.” 
His look changes immediately to driven lust and just as quickly he has his mouth over my opening.  “GAH!!!!” I moan.  My heart is racing so fast it’s about to beat out of my chest. Oh my God that is so good.  And I fall.  I am falling and falling into bliss.  My eyes feel like they have crossed, and I see dots in front of them.  Wow!  So that’s what an orgasm feels like.  I want more, oh so much more!
Jesse looks up at me smiling then continues to kiss and suck. I feel his tongue delve into my core. I moan so loud it should be embarrassing, but I’m not. I can’t control my body as it starts bucking up to his mouth.
Then one of Jesse’s fingers enters me.  “OHHHHH,” I moan.  I cannot describe how I am feeling right now.  I had no idea it could be this exquisite. 
He then adds another finger into my core and then another.  He begins to suck on my clit at the same time, and I fall again. 
I am soaring so high that I can look down on us through my blissed filled eyes.  I am moaning, and my body is moving so hard against his mouth and fingers. It’s out of control. 
He removes his fingers and tongue and looks up at me.  He watches me as I come down from my high.  He brings his fingers up to his mouth and sucks on them.
“Hmmmm that’s the best thing I have ever tasted in my life. So sweet,” he says.  His eyes are half closed as he looks at me.
I lick my lips as I watch him.  He crawls back up my body. He’s so careful not to put his full weight on me.  Isn’t he just so considerate?  I am falling so hard!
He bends down and kisses me hard!  So hard, so good.  I can taste myself on his tongue.  We kiss for a few minutes and then I pull back a bit. 
“Um, babe?  Now you have way too many clothes on,” I smirk.
He laughs and climbs off me then the bed.  He removes his clothes so fast you would miss it if you blinked.
I look at Jesse, in all his glory. He is utterly breathtaking.  He has a very defined and chiseled chest, he must work out, as well as toned and muscular arms. I can see his forever tattoo on his arm, and I want to lick it. As I rake my eyes slowly down his body I stop on his penis.  Ok, that is just not a penis that is a freaking huge cock. And it is saluting me at this very minute. Standing proud and very, very tall.  Wow!  I think I’ve just died and gone to heaven.
I look back up at Jesse’s eyes and they are half-mast again, filled with desire.  He walks over to the bed, reaches in the night stand and takes out a condom.
Wow, talk about being prepared.  
Still looking down at me with so much desire, he rips the packet open with his teeth.  He removes the condom and shucks the wrapper over his shoulder and it lands somewhere behind him.  I watch him roll the condom over his cock, slowly; all the while he is watching me.  I lick my lower lip slowly.  
I hope I am not drooling too much.
He climbs into bed and over my body and kisses me with abandonment. “I can’t take it when you lick your lip like that.  I want to eat it,” he says as he pulls back and looks at me.
Swoon!  I’m dead!
His cock enters me slowly, oh so slowly.  It is stretching me to no end but oh my God it is heavenly.
“I’m not hurting you, am I?” He asks.  I shake my head and push my body into him showing him just how much he is not hurting me.  This action moves his cock into me more. We both moan loudly.
He watches me as he pushes his cock into me deeper and deeper until I don’t think I can take him any further inside me.  Oh was I wrong!
He pulls out just a bit and thrusts into me hard!  Ok that was much deeper. “UGH,” I moan and groan. My head goes back until I am looking up at the ceiling.  My eyes close and a tear falls out running down into my hair. God that’s good!
As I move my head back down and look into his half-mast eyes his cock starts moving in and out of me.  I start meeting his movements with my body until we are in total sync. 
As we continue our wonderful dance together, he takes his left hand and his thumb starts rubbing my clit. Oh my God I am going to lose it, and I want it to last.
Jesse begins to thrust faster and faster while his finger rubs my clit in time with his moves.
My head goes back up and I close my eyes. “OH MY GOD, Jesssseeeeeeee!” I scream.  I am breathing so hard, but I can’t feel my body anymore.  I think I may have blacked out. Totally Blissed Out!
He is soon to follow as he arches his back and looks up. “Cassie, Cassie, Cassie,” he keeps repeating. I watch him as his body twitches with his release.
He collapses half on top of me and half on the bed.  We are both breathing so hard we can’t speak.  He looks into my eyes with love.  Love?  Yes, it is most definitely love this time. I just know it.  I can feel it.  Oh my God I hope I’m not wrong. I know I feel that way too.
He looks into my half closed eyes as I begin to join the living again.  He strokes my left cheek as he says, “That was fucking amazing.”
I giggle at that a little, but then I get serious.  “It was so much more.”
He leaves me and goes into the bathroom. When he returns he leans over and watches me as he presses something warm against my throbbing vagina. I have to close my eyes as he massages and cleans me. So sweet!
He disposes of the cloth and climbs back in bed, envelopes me into his arms and rolls over on his left side pulling me with him. “Oh.” I wince a little.  
“Baby, are you ok?  I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry,” he says in a concerned voice. I snuggle into him deeper, look up at him and grin, “I’m fine.  Just a little sore, but I am sore in a good way, the right way.”
“Whew, ok sorry, I guess I got a little carried away,” he says pressing his mouth to my head.  He begins to rub circles into my back. 
I whisper softly, “You saved me again.” My beautiful savior.
Wow, I could so get used to this.  That was the last thought I had as I fell into a blissful slumber.

Chapter thirteen

I wake up to light streaming in from the bay window.  I rub my eyes and stretch, just a little, and feel a new soreness in my body. Best feeling EVER!  I smile and giggle.
“What’s so funny?” Jesse asks as he walks in only wearing his boxer briefs, carrying a tray with food, coffee, orange juice and a single rose made out of paper.  Awwwwww!
I look down and sniffle.  My eyes are filling with tears. Jesse quickly sets the tray down on the night stand and sits next to me on the bed.  He cups my chin with his hand and lifts my head up to look into my eyes.  “Baby, what’s wrong?  Did I hurt you last night, please tell me.”
I can barely see him as my eyes are so filled with tears, but as a couple start their descent down my face I sniffle again and say, “No, you didn’t hurt me, Jesse.  There is no way possible that you could. I just saw the tray and the rose and I just can’t believe you did all that, for me. No one has ever done anything like that for me before. No one has, has cared for me before.” I sniffle again and more tears fall.
“Oh, baby.  Get used to it because I am gonna spoil the hell outta you,” he says as he rubs my cheek, wiping some of my tears away. 
I sit up in the bed and pull the sheet over my chest better.  Ok so I am not THAT comfortable with him yet. But I will get there.
He picks up the tray and places it over my lap.  Then he gets up and walks over to the other side of the bed and slowly climbs in, careful that he doesn’t knock the tray over, and he sits beside me.
“So, did you actually make this rose yourself or was it around somewhere that I didn’t see?” I say smiling at him deviously. 
“Ha, thanks for the faith there babe.  Yes, I made that with my own two hands.  My mom taught me how to make those when I was little,” he says with love in his eyes. I can tell he is remembering one of those moments.
“Wow, Jesse.  It’s amazingly beautiful.  And to think you made it yourself, for me.  I will cherish it always,” I say as I lean over and kiss him.  He begins to kiss me back in more earnest, and I pull away.  “Uh, uh, uh.  Not yet.” I smile and shake my head. “Nourishment first, fun after.” I wink. He gives me a cute pout.  Hmm, I just want to bite that lower lip, hard!  Ok, stop it!  Time to eat.
After breakfast, I stretch out on the bed, my tummy full.  Jesse takes the tray and places it on the night stand by his side of the bed.  He lies back down and rolls over half way on top of me.  He plays with a strand of my hair looking into my eyes. “What are you thinking about so hard, baby?” 
I look at him with love in my eyes. Wait, what?  Oh my God!  I love him!  I have never felt this way for another person except my parents, and I do! It seems so weird that I could fall so fast for someone, but I do love him. I love him with all my heart! 
I smile and sigh.  
“Ok. You’re scaring me here,” he says with a smile. 
“I was just thinking about how happy I am.  Right now, right at this moment,” I said.  I look over at him, a single tear falling down my face, and I gasp.  He has tears in his eyes too?
I quickly roll over to him, grab his face with my hands and smash my mouth to his. Shit that hurt my ribs, but right now I couldn’t give a fuck!  All I can feel is him. God, I love him!

~*~*~*~

Later on that afternoon, we decided to go down to the rec room and play pool. We laugh and have such a great time that we forget about everything for a while.
“Babe, I hate to say this, but you suck at pool,” he says with a cocky grin. 
“Ha, ha, ha.  Like I’ve ever played before today. Thanks a lot,” I say with a pout. He lays down his pool cue and walks over to me on the other side of the pool table.  
 He puts his arms around my shoulders and says, “Awww, I’m sorry, baby.  I’ll teach you.”  
I duck under his arms and step back. “Then I’ll be able to whoop your ass,” I say laughingly.  He darts over to me, and I quickly turn and half run around the pool table.  He starts chasing me around the table. I can tell he’s playing with me, and hardly running because he knows I can’t run very fast right now.
As he catches up to me, he grabs me from behind and wraps his arms around me causing my arms to be trapped.  We are both laughing so hard when a phone starts ringing. We both stop and he lets me go. He reaches in the front pocket of his jeans and pulls out his satellite phone. He turns so that his back is to me.
“Tyler. What? Fuck! No, go ahead and keep me posted. Hmm. No, he shouldn’t do that. Why?  Because it’s too risky and he could be followed not to mention he could get himself killed. UGH!  Ok, ok.”
As he hangs up, he turns his head and looks at me.  “Um, that was Ty. He said dad is on his way here.  He tried to talk him out of coming but he wants to meet you and find out what is going on,” Jesse says clearly aggravated. 
“Oh, kay.  Is that really so bad, him coming here? I mean, since this is your family’s safe house, wouldn’t he know how to be careful in getting here without drawing attention?” I ask.
Jesse walks over to the bar, goes behind it and grabs a beer out of the refrigerator.  He holds it up to me, and I nod.  I walk over and sit down at the bar. He opens the beer and sets it down in front of me.
He looks up to the ceiling. “I’m just nervous about him being followed or worse killed trying to get here. You have to understand, when we used to come here it was to get away from the public not some bad guys trying to kidnap or kill people, so I’m not sure how careful he will be. I just worry about him.”
“You sound really close,” I sigh. “That must really be nice to have someone who loves you that much, wanting to be there for you.”
Jesse looks at me with a sad look on his face. “Baby, I am so sorry that you haven’t had that in your life. But that’s going to change. We’re together now, right?  I mean…I mean…I want us to be together.”  Jesse leans over the bar and cups my face with his right hand.  He rubs my cheek with his thumb. 
I look in his loving blue eyes and sigh.  “Jesse, I would love nothing more than for us to be together. I…” I stop myself. Oh my God I almost told him I loved him.  It’s too soon.  I might scare him off.
“You what, honey?” He asks.
“Um, I just love being with you.” I smile widely. He walks around the bar and I turn in my seat towards him.  He grabs the sides of my face with both hands. “I (kiss), love (kiss), being (kiss), with (kiss), you (kiss), too.” Then he crushes his lips to mine, and I open my mouth invitingly. 
After we make out, for who knows how long, we go upstairs and Jesse starts dinner.  I grab a seat at the island counter and ask, “So when will your dad be here?” Jesse turns around with a pan in his hand, turns his left arm over to look at his watch. “Oh, in about an hour. Probably in time for dinner.”
I just about fall off my seat. “Oh, my God!  I better go upstairs and clean up!” I say backing out of the kitchen.  While Jesse is laughing at me, I turn and run up the stairs.
Chapter fourteen

After I am all cleaned up, I head for the closet.  Hmmmm, what to wear.  I see a really pretty long sleeved pink dress.  I try it on and look in the bathroom mirror.  The length hits me right above my knees, a fitted waist and a V neck that shows some of my cleavage but not too much.  I would say I was blessed with C cup sized breasts but with my really small frame, I think I look a little deformed.  Maybe I do need to add a few pounds.  As I look in the mirror, I pull out some strands of hair to the side. Yes, I definitely need a trim and soon!
I start to make my way downstairs and stop at the top of the stairs because I hear voices.  Men’s voices.  They aren’t whispering, but they aren’t very loud either.  My heart begins to race, and I start to breathe heavy.  I grab ahold of the railing with my right hand and squeeze it tight, trying to hold myself up. My legs feel weak as I relive whispered voices from before.
“Well, I don’t know, dad.  She’s probably still getting ready,” Jesse says as he comes towards the stairs. A man is following beside him.  Jesse stops and looks up at me. He gets a panicked look on his face and races up the stairs until he is standing on the step right below me.  He cups my face. “Cassie. Baby, are you ok?  You’re white as a ghost.”
I close my eyes. When I open them, he looks scared to death. “I….I….I’m ok.” I force a tight smile on my face and take a deep breath. “I didn’t know your dad had gotten here already.”
Jesse turns his head and looks at his dad and then back at me. “I’m sorry. I should have come up and told you he was here.” 
I take another deep breath. “No, you didn’t need to do that.  I’m being silly.  I just heard men’s voices and…..Well, I should have known it was you. Is it time to eat?” I put on a bigger smile now. He keeps searching my eyes. “You’re sure you’re ok?” He asks skeptically.
I laugh a little and put my left hand on top of his against my cheek. “Really, I’m fine. Let’s go down. I want to meet your dad.” Jesse looks into my eyes for a few more seconds and then nods.  He turns and holds his left hand out for me.  I take his hand and we walk down the stairs together.
We walk up to Jesse’s dad.  “Dad, this is Cassie Morelli.  Cassie this is my dad, Thomas Mitchell.”  
Thomas reaches for my right hand and holds it in his.  He brings it up to his lips and kisses the top of my hand looking up at me the whole time.  Wow! 
His dad’s hair is darker, cut short and is parted to the side.  He has brown eyes but are light in color.
“So glad to meet you, Cassie.  I can’t say I have heard very much about you,” he says turning his head and smirking at Jesse.  He turns his head back to me and smiles. “But I hope to get to know the person that my son has brought to our safe house and is how can I say this…..Protecting?”
Ok this doesn’t sound too good.  He doesn’t seem very happy that I am here. “Um, thank you? It’s nice to meet you too,” I say apprehensively. 
Thomas quickly lets go of my hand and turns towards Jesse. Rubbing his hands together he says, “Well, what’s for dinner?  I am famished.”

~*~*~*~

We are eating a wonderful pasta dish with a lemon-garlic sauce, french bread and salad. Jesse clears his throat. “So, Dad, what brings you here?” 
Thomas sets his fork down on his plate and looks at me and then at Jesse. “Well, I just thought I would come to see my son. I haven’t seen or heard from you much in the last six months or so.  I wanted to see how you are, and I heard from your sister that you had something secret going on. I am sad that you didn’t feel you could let your dad in on it.  Alexa said she did some shopping for this little trip, for you and she thought you might be in some kind of trouble.”
“Um, wow, dad.  Way to cut to the chase,” Jesse says while rolling his eyes. “I guess had I wanted you to know what I was doing, I would have called you.  But I don’t think this is the right time for this conversation, do you?” He looks at his dad with his brows raised high.
Thomas looks back at me and coughs in his hand. “No, you’re right son.  Now is not the right time.  But I do expect to be brought up to speed before the evening is over.  May I ask which room I can use while I am here?”
Jesse looks so uncomfortable. “Yes, you can use my room since Cassie is staying in the master bedroom.”  
“Very well.” He then turns his attention to me. “So, Cassie, how old are you and what is it that you do?” I look at Jesse nervously. “I’m, um, 20.  I will be 21 in a couple of months. I work at a Café in a small town in Kansas.”
Thomas looks at Jesse and then back at me. “Well, that’s lovely, dear.” Looking back at Jesse he adds, “Being that Jesse is almost 27, I’d say there is a little age difference, hmmm?”
Jesse looks angry. “Dad, didn’t you want to rest a bit from your trip?” He says with gritted teeth.
Thomas slides his chair back, stands and looks at me. “A pleasure to meet you, Cassie. I think I will go lay down for a bit.” He then turns to Jesse. “I will talk to you after I am rested.  If both of you will excuse me.” He bows at me and leaves the room. We just sit there in silence.
Wow, that was the most uncomfortable dinner I have ever sat through.
“Well, that was a nice dinner,” I say smiling at Jesse. He laughs. “Ha, yes, really nice. I’m sorry, Cassie.  I hate that he made you uncomfortable.  Does it bother you that I am that much older than you?”
I look at Jesse and smirk. “You’re not THAT much older than me.” We both laugh.
Finally, I slowly get up gathering dishes and start to take them over to clean up. “I think I will just clean up and then head upstairs.  I am pretty tired and maybe that will give you all a chance to talk without me around.”  I begin to wash off the plates, bending over to put them in the dishwasher.
Jesse comes over and I feel his arms come around my waist.  I stand and lean back against his chest, laying my head on his shoulder. He breathes into my right ear. “I’m sorry, baby. I knew it would be awkward, but I didn’t know he would try to start that in front of you. He doesn’t understand why I am so passionate about finding mom’s killers.  He wanted me to let it go a long time ago. But, I can’t.  I have to make them pay, Cassie.  I have to do it for my mom.” 
I turn around placing my hands on his strong arms searching his eyes. “Shhh, its ok, Jesse.  I understand.” He bends down and places his mouth over mine. I close my eyes as we kiss gently.  I leave my eyes closed for a few seconds after he has pulled back.  I slowly open them and he has the most beautiful look on this face. He removes his arms from my waist and puts them around my shoulders and pulls me into a hug. We stand there holding each other for a long time.
He whispers in my hair, “I love you, Cassie.”
I gasp.  He loves me!  I push my face into his chest, move my hands to his shoulders and squeeze. I can’t move. I’m afraid to move.  I want to stay like this forever.
I slowly pull my face back from him and look up into his beautiful blue eyes.  I have tears in mine that are threatening to fall.  I bring my left hand to the side of his face. “Jesse, I love you too.” I lift up on my toes and kiss him with passion.  
I don’t know how long we stood there kissing but Jesse slowly pulls away and puts his head against my forehead, so we can try and catch our breaths.
He leans back and takes my hands in his. “Why don’t you let me help you clean up so you can go rest,” he says. “The sooner my dad comes down to chat with me the better, then maybe he will leave tomorrow and we can have more time to ourselves,” he says waggling his eyebrows. 
“Ha!” I say pushing his shoulder.  
“Jesse? Why do you have a different last name than your dad?” I ask him as he begins cleaning dishes. He turns his head to me and frowns. “I’m sorry. It’s none of my business.”
He shakes his head. “No, no! It’s ok. My mom and my birth father divorced when I was about three.  I really don’t remember him at all.  He never came around after he left.  Mom and Thomas married a couple of years later. I’ve always called him dad. He’s always been pretty strict but has always loved me so I have had a really good life. Allie is his daughter from a previous marriage, but we have grown up together and are really close,” he says smiling at me.  
I walk over to him and kiss him on his cheek. “You’re so fortunate to have had a loving home to grow up in. I envy you.” 
He stops what he is doing and turns to me. “Baby, I love you. I am gonna make you so happy you won’t remember what you missed out on.”  He kisses me on my cheek. “Now go up and have a good rest.”
Once I am in my room and have changed into some pajamas I look at the bookshelf over by the bay window.  I look through the books and find a book that looks interesting.  I curl up on the couch, turning on the small lamp next to me, and I begin to read. 
I must have fallen asleep because loud screaming wakes me up.  I sit up startled and look around.  The screaming grows louder so I get up and go to the bedroom door.  I open the door far enough so I hear them better.
I can hear Thomas. “You have no right to do that!  What in the hell were you thinking? You’re not a cop. You’re no FBI and you certainly aren’t CIA. You can’t officially do anything once they’re caught.  Oh, my….if your mom knew you were doing this she would HATE IT!  I mean it Jesse!  You need to stop this NOW, stop it before someone gets hurt or worse killed!” He screams.
It gets quiet, very quiet. Finally, I hear Jesse talking but his voice is too low to understand what he is saying. 
I hear footsteps coming towards the stairs so I shut the door quietly until it’s almost closed. “Jesse, I am leaving in the morning.  If you keep on, if you continue this, I am done with you. Do you hear me?  Or do you even care?” Thomas asks.
“I care, dad. I love you and Allie. You’re my life and always will be. But I have to do this for mom.  She deserves to have them pay for what they did.  And, Cassie! She deserves for them to be put away for what they did to her, don’t you think?” Jesse asks in a quiet but serious tone.
“I hear what you’re saying, son, but is it worth your life?  Is it worth the other lives around you, people you love?  Think about that, will you?” Thomas asks sympathetically.
I shut the door completely, before I get caught and get into bed. It takes me a long time to fall asleep.
Chapter fifteen

I wake up the next morning and stretch my arms towards the headboard. I turn my head to the right to see Jesse’s side of the bed is empty and still made from yesterday. Jesse didn’t come to bed last night, not in here anyway.
I go to the closet and slip on my robe and quietly go downstairs. I walk into the living room and see Jesse asleep on the couch.  On the coffee table there is a Jack Daniel’s bottle with not much left in it. Sigh.
I bring up my right hand and bite my index fingernail and look around the room. I get the afghan from the chair and cover him with it.
I stand there and look at him for a little bit.  He looks so young when he is asleep. My heart hurts for him.
I turn to go into the kitchen to make breakfast and run into something hard. “Omph!” I say as I rub my head. I look up and see a small woman standing there and scream!
“Jesssseeeeeeee, Jesse,” I yell while I turn and run over to him at the couch.
As I am running over to Jesse, he has jumped up off the couch and is running towards me holding his head.  I almost jump into his arms when we reach each other. I hold onto him for dear life.
“Shhh, baby.  It’s ok. It’s my, um, sister?” Jesse says shaking his head.
I half turn in Jesse’s arms and look at the woman before us.  She is looking at me while rubbing her head. She looks to be a couple of inches shorter than me, with hair color that is like Jesse’s and it flows down to her breasts.  Her eyes are green, like mine, but are much darker.  She’s really beautiful.
“Hummm, hi, Jesse,” she says as she raises her right hand slightly and waves. She looks at me and smiles.
“Allie, what are you doing here?” He looks around. “And why in the hell didn’t the alarm go off?”
She looks at him and smirks. “Well, I can’t tell you why your damn alarm didn’t go off, but I came to warn you that dad is coming here, like soon!”
Jesse looks at me and then back to her. He looks really angry. He pushes his fingers into his temples. “Quit yelling. I have a headache and you’re a little late for that!  He got here last night and left in a gruff this morning. Thanks a lot for the warning.” 
Allie looks down at the floor and then back at Jesse and me. “Oops!  Sorry, I left as soon as I found out.  Guess I was a little late.” 
“Ya think?” Jesse scowl’s at her. He is not in a good mood. 
She notices the bottle of Jack on the table. “Is that the reason for your headache??”
“What do you think?” He huffs.
Jesse puts his arm around my shoulder pulling me against him. “Alexa, this is Cassie.” He looks down at me. “Cassie, this is Alexa my older sister.”
I leave his arms and walk over to her with my right hand extended. “Hi, Alexa.  I’m Cassie Morelli.  I really am happy to meet you,” I say with a smile.  Geez, I hope she isn’t like her dad.
Instead of taking my hand, she grabs me into a big hug. Oh, my! She pulls back with a big grin on her face. “Hi, Cassie, please call me Allie.  Only my dad calls me Alexa. It’s nice to meet you too.” She smirks at Jesse. “And I am only three years older than you, twerp.” Then she frowns. “I hope dad wasn’t too rough on you guys,” she says looking between me and Jesse.
Jesse walks over to us and puts his arm around my waist. As I put my arm around him, I look up at him and smile.
“Oh, dad was dad. You know how he is. He was the way he always is with me, and he wasn’t nice to Cassie at all. I got so pissed off after he went to bed that I drank until I passed out on the couch.  Does that tell you anything?” He’s looking at Allie like he’s still mad.  “I didn’t even hear him leave this morning and obviously, he left without resetting the alarm. Dammit!” Yep, he’s pissed.
I am so uncomfortable right now. “Um, why don’t I go make us some breakfast?” I say pulling away from Jesse. “Maybe you all can talk a bit until I have it ready.” I smile. “I’ll holler at you when it’s time to eat.” I give Jesse’s waist a squeeze and walk out of the room.
By the time I get everything on the table, Jesse and Allie walk into the kitchen laughing. “No, you took that from me, you meanie,” Allie says as she gives Jesse a punch in the arm. Jesses give her a playful shove. “Well, you took it from me first and it was mine in the first place, you thief!”  They both start laughing at each other.
Allie stops and looks at the table. “Geez, are you planning on feeding an army?  Look at all the food.  I am in heaven!” 
“Um, yeah, I guess I did get a bit carried away.  But I wasn’t sure what you liked,” I said shyly.
I look around at the food on the table.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, hash browns, toast, fruit, waffles and pancakes.  Ha, well at least she should like something out of that!
We all sit down and start digging in. “Oh, my God this is fabulous,” Allie says with a mouth full of food. Jesse adds, “Wow, so you’re a great cook too, huh?  Maybe we need to trade off and on with the cooking detail.” 
He looks at me and gives me his gorgeous smile. Then he looks over at Allie. “So, how long are you planning on staying?”
Allie looks a little uncomfortable and squirms in her seat. “Ah, well, I’m not quite sure. I told the office I was taking a week of vacation soooo, I was hoping to stay for a while?”
Jesse looks at me and I shrug my shoulders and nod. “I think it would be great if you stayed. I would love to get to know you better,” I say smiling at her. Jesse looks at Allie and smiles. “I’m ok with that.  I haven’t seen you in so long. Can’t wait to catch up.”
Allie is jumping in her seat. “Awesome!  I was hoping you would say that.  And, ya know, it’s your fault we haven’t seen each other in so long.  With you running all over the country after these guys, geez, it’s a wonder you haven’t been killed by now you jackass!” She reaches over and punches him in the shoulder.  
Jesse gives her a smirk, and I look over at him and smile.  What I wouldn’t give to have a family, to have siblings I could horse around with and just love.  I sigh.
“What’s wrong, babe?” Jesse asks me with a frown. I look at him with a half-smile. “Oh, nothing. I just love seeing how much you love each other.  It’s sweet.”  He reaches over and squeezes my shoulder lovingly. 
We finish eating and all pitch in to clean up.  Then, we head to the living room. I take a seat on the couch and Allie sits on the over-sized chair.  Jesse looks at us and says, “Girls, I am gonna go into the office and do a little work, while you all chat.” Then looking at me. “If that’s ok, baby?” 
Allie sighs. “Ah, baby, too sweet!” 
I giggle and look at Jesse. “Sure, babe. That’s cool.” 
Jesse smirks at Allie then bends down and gives me a soft kiss on the top of my head before walking towards the office. “I won’t be too long, I promise,” he says over his shoulder.
Chapter sixteen


“So, what do you do for a living, Allie?” I ask as we settle in. She looks over to me and smiles. “Well, right now I am managing my dad’s office, but I really, really want to be an author.  I have been writing stories for several years, I just haven’t had the extra time to try and publish them.”
“Wow, how cool!  I would love to read one.  What kind of stories are they?” I ask eagerly. Allies clears her throat. “They’re romance stories, kind of erotic, that’s why I have never shared my passion with Jesse or especially my dad.  Oh, my God, my dad would absolutely disown me on the spot!” 
I giggle. “Well, I will never tell him.  I think he hates me anyway, at least it feels like it by the way he acted towards me last night.”  I sigh.
Allie looks at me apologetically. “Oh, it’s not you Cassie, I’m sure! He’s just a stubborn man who hates what Jesse has been doing and just taking it out on you guys.”
“Why is he so upset that Jesse is trying to find his mom’s killers? I mean, I know it’s dangerous, and I seriously get that it’s putting him and you all in danger, but really I think Jesse’s passion for this is admirable.  It seems like he has to do this maybe to get closure?”
Allie sighs and takes a deep breath. “I know, I know. I am torn about it.  I know Jesse feels he needs to do this, but at the same time, I’m so worried about him.  I don’t think I could take it if anything were to happen to him.  We’re so close. But I get where he is coming from.  My mother is no saint, we aren’t close at all.  I felt more loved by Claire than I do my own mom. He’s been at this for two years now, so much time gone.  I hardly ever get to see him and he doesn’t talk much on the phone.” She sighs again and shakes her head. “I just miss him.”
“So, what does Jesse work on in there?” I say as I tilt my head towards the office. Allie looks over to the office. “Sorry, that’s really for him to tell you, I think.  And I am sure he will.” She smiles at me.
“Fair enough.” I smile back. Allie bends over in her seat and puts her hands on her knees. “So, tell me about you guys.  You’re really hitting it off, huh?” She smiles deviously at me.
I smile widely. “Um, yeah. Allie, I know I don’t know you or Jesse for that matter very well yet, but I am falling in love with him.  Is that crazy after such a short time with him?  I just…I just can’t help it.”
Allie squeaks, “Squeeeeee!!!!  Oh, my God!  I am so excited and happy for you both!  Jesse is a great guy and will make you so happy!”  She jumps up and grabs me into a big hug.  Wow!  Um, kay….that went well.
“And no, I don’t think that’s crazy. I think anyone can fall in love fast, if it’s the right person. Why do you think I write romance stories?” She smiles.
At that moment, Jesse walks into the room. Allie is still squealing loudly and hugging me to where I can’t breathe. “Are you all okay?” He asks with a perplexed look on his face.
Allie drops me and runs over to Jesse and pushes him back slightly, as she slams into him. “Oh, my God, Jesse!  I am so happy for you guys!” 
Jesse starts laughing and looks my way. “Um, babe, what’s she talking about?”
I stand up and walk over to them and smile shyly at him. “Well I kind of told her we are together and she just sort of went crazy.”
Jesse starts laughing harder. “Ah, I see.  Well you are getting to know my sister rather quickly.  She gets really excited pretty easily.”
Allie finally lets Jesse go and comes and stands by me.  She grabs my hand and holds it. “We’re gonna be the best of friends. We will spend hours getting to know each other, having sleepovers, girl nights and we will have soooo much fun!” She says looking at me and smiling so big. She really is beautiful.
“Ahem, so you’re saying that Cassie and I really won’t have much time together because you will be monopolizing all her time? Yeah, I don’t think so,” Jesse says smirking at her.
Allie laughs. “Nah, I will let you have plenty of time with your girl, after I leave and maybe, just maybe, a little time while I am here.” 
“Gee, thanks sis,” he says with a frown on his face.
We spend the day talking about everything. I told her about my life growing up, the Café, my friends there and how I miss them so much. She tells me about how she hates her job and some day she will get the guts to leave it and follow her dream of writing.
“When this is all over, I really would like for you and Jesse to come meet my friends at the Café. You all will love them and I know they will love you too. They’re really the only true family I have,” I say eagerly. 
Jesse scoots closer to me on the couch and puts his arm around me and squeezes. “We are your family too now, baby.  Don’t ever forget that.”  He kisses me on my cheek.  
“Yes, we are and there is no getting rid of us,” Allie says matter of factly.
Later that evening, Allie stands and stretches. “Well, I am bushed. I think I will go clean up and hit the hay. Sleep tight and I’ll see ya in the morning.” She comes over and gives us both quick kisses on our cheeks. Awwwww! 
After Allie has gone upstairs, Jesse pulls me to him and turns us towards each other. He begins kissing me all over my face. My forehead. My eyes. My cheeks. “Hmmmm, let’s go upstairs and get to know each other even better,” he says still kissing me. I wiggle a little. “Uh, um. Oh! Yes, um, okay,” I say incoherently.

Chapter seventeen

We make our way upstairs, and I go stand by the bed.  He backs into the door as he closes it. Looking at me with lust in his eyes, he starts to breathe heavy. He stalks over to me, and I back up and hit the bed. Standing in front of me now, I look up at him. As he kisses me, he pushes me onto the bed until he is lying on top of me. 
As our tongue’s dance together he brings his right hand up and cups my breast.  He squeezes it then moves his hand to the other to give it equal attention. I pull away from our kiss and bend my head back and moan, “UHHHHH.” He takes this opportunity to suckle my neck, so I lean my head to the right to give him more room.  He starts kissing me down the side of my neck to my collarbone and whispers, “You have too many clothes on again.”
I push against his chest until he moves up. We both get up and remove our clothes hastily. We jump back into bed laughing. He moves on top of me, cups my face with his hands and looks into my eyes. “You are the most beautiful woman. I am so glad I found you and I will never let you go,” he says with tears in his eyes.
With my eyes watering now, I grab his face and pull him to me and crush my lips against his.  As we kiss, he begins rubbing my right breast then pinching my nipple. I moan into his mouth.
His hand leaves my breast and moves down my body, slowly.  It reaches my opening and he begins to rub me there. My hips buck in his hand as he takes his thumb and starts circling my nub, as he continues to rub me. I break from the kiss and look up to the ceiling, then close my eyes.
“Ugh, Jesse, more, more please. Ugh,” I say withering underneath him. I reach down and take his cock in my hand and rub my thumb over the head, wiping off the semen that has seeped from the tip.  My hand follows his big shaft to the bottom, and I squeeze it all the way back up to the top.
He lets out a loud groan and looks down at me with the sexiest look on his face. “Ah, baby, you’re gonna make me come too soon. I want to be inside you when I come,” he says looking at me with his eyes half-mast. 
He reaches over to the night stand, getting a condom out. He rips it open with his teeth.  He sits up, in between my legs, and quickly sheaths his cock.  Before he resumes his previous position on top of me he looks at me and slides a finger inside my core. I buck and arch my back. “OHHHH my God! That feels so good!” I yell.
He puts another finger in me, crooking them, hitting my g-spot. OH, MY GOD! I start to see dots in front of my eyes, my body shaking.
Next thing I know he is back on top of me and thrusts his cock inside me. I slowly open my eyes and look at him. He is so beautiful.  His eyes are full of love and they are looking into mine as he moves.  I meet his thrusts and we find a rhythm together.  He starts sucking on my right nipple and fondling my left breast as he continues to bring me closer and closer to the brink.
“Come for me, baby. Come with me,” he whispers and that’s all it took.  I yell out his name over and over as he yells out mine and we fall together.
We lay there together, Jesse laying half on top of me.  He is breathing heavy into my neck. “Baby, you’re incredible! I am the luckiest man on this earth,” he says into my neck.  
I rest my head onto his and sigh. “I love you, Jesse.  I’m the lucky one.” He looks up as I move my head back, and he kisses me hard on my lips.
He gets up and starts walking to the bathroom. “Don’t move. I want my place back as soon as I clean us up.”  I hear him running the water in the sink. In a couple of minutes he comes and sits next to me with a wash cloth. “Open those legs for me, baby,” he says to me.
I do what he asks. Wow!  Does that feel good!  He places the warm wash cloth on my vagina and rubs softly up and down cleaning me up. OHHHHH! I feel so spoiled. I could get so used to this. “Hmmmm, that feels great, babe,” I moan.
He finishes cleaning me and proceeds to clean his cock. Once done he throws the washcloth on the floor over by the bathroom door.  He crawls into bed and pulls me into his arms.  I lay my head on his chest, my right leg over his, and I start rubbing circles on his chest. The last thing I remember before I went into my blissful sleep is him kissing the top of my head and whispering, “I love you, Cassie. I always will. You have saved me too.”

Chapter eighteen

I awake the next morning yawning and stretching.  Hmmm, my ribs aren’t as sore, maybe it’s the workout I am getting. Laughing to myself, I just realized I haven’t had any nightmares the last couple of nights either.
I look to my left and Jesse isn’t there. I turn over to his pillow and sniff. It smells of my Jesse. Yum! I could bottle that scent, sell it and make a fortune! Shaking my head, nah, I want to keep that for myself.
I get up and go to the bathroom and look at myself in the mirror. There is definitely an afterglow about me this morning. My cheeks are tinted pink. I have kissed lips and oh, my God I have sex hair. I quickly get my brush and start working on it. Dangit! I need a trim so badly!
I get dressed and make my way downstairs.  I can hear Jesse and Allie talking in the kitchen. I walk in to Jesse cooking breakfast while Allie sits at the table.  She has her hair piled up on top of her head.  Her left leg is crossed over her right, swinging it as she talks. She grabs a piece of bacon from the plate on the table and says, “I love her, Jesse.  She is beautiful, sweet, and genuine.  I could just go on and on and on.” 
“Please go ahead,” I say with a big grin on my face.
Allie sits up straight and drops her bacon onto her plate. “Oh, um, Cassie. Morning!” She says smiling. Walking over to Jesse, I am laughing now.  He bends down, while cooking eggs in the skillet, and I kiss him on the cheek while patting his back. I walk over and sit across from Allie, grabbing a piece of bacon and stuffing it in my mouth, looking at her smiling the whole time. 
“Sorry, didn’t mean to interrupt. Please, continue,” I say with my mouth full. Allie smirks at me playfully and continues to eat. “I was just telling Jesse how much I am enjoying my time here. I might not want to leave.” She laughs.
Jesse walks over with a bowl of scrambled eggs, toast, jelly and sausage. He places them on the table and sits next to me. He leans over and gives me a very welcome good morning kiss. Allie clears her throat. Ok, maybe we kissed a little longer than the usual good morning kiss.
“Even though I thoroughly enjoyed the night time activities I heard last night, can you guys please at least refrain a little in front of me?” She says with a grin. Oops!  I didn’t realize we had been that loud last night.
I turn a million shades of red when I look at her. 
“Aw, don’t be embarrassed, Cassie. I’m so happy for you and Jesse, truly I am!” She says, “I love you being a new addition to our family and now I have the sister I always wanted.” Her smile is contagious. 
“So, what are you girls going to do today?  I have to head into town and get a few supplies.” Jesse looks at me from the corner of his eyes. “Do either of you need anything?”
I look at him and mouth ‘What?’ and he shrugs. What is that all about? We both tell Jesse we’re fine and don’t need anything.
I tell them I will clean up so Allie goes upstairs to get dressed. Left in the kitchen with Jesse I walk over to him and ask, “What was that all about?  Why did you look at me that way?” 
He puts his arms around me. “I, um, think I need to get a couple of pregnancy tests. Remember Dr. Moore says that you should take more tests to make sure you’re not pregnant. We want to make sure, right?”
I look at him with tears in my eyes. “Oh, my God, Jesse. What if I am? I could never, ever get rid of it.  I know I couldn’t do that. But, but what about us?  What will happen to us?” I ask, my voice shaking.
He reaches his hand to my cheek and wipes away the tear that has now fallen down my face. “Baby, shhhh, it will all be ok.  If you are, we will deal with it.  I am not going anywhere.  I love you. And if you are pregnant, then I will love the baby as much as I do you. Shhhh, don’t worry.” He kisses my forehead and lingers there. I close my eyes and let out a sigh of relief.
A couple of hours later, Jesse leaves us to go into town, showing us how to arm the alarm and making us promise to set it when he leaves. 
Allie and I spend the time talking and getting to know each other.  She talks about her and Jesse’s childhood and I talk about getting back to my friends at the Café.
“Um, if you don’t want to talk about this you don’t have to, but what happened Cassie?  Why did those men have you?” She asks me with a frown.
I look at her. She has such concern in her eyes. I am starting to love her like a sister and a best friend.  Can I tell her? Will she feel differently about me after she knows what happened? Do I take that chance?
I take a deep breath and tell her everything. I don’t leave out any details.  I tell her about how Jesse is my savior and not only did he save me from the men that kidnapped me but he has saved me from my life of loneliness and unhappiness. I am crying by the time I am done.
Allie gets up from her spot on the chair and sits next to me on the couch and envelopes me in a hug, she is crying too. We sit there crying and hugging for the longest time. By the time we pull back I am sniffling and hiccupping.
Allie reaches over to the end table and grabs a couple of Kleenex’s and hands me one.  While wiping her eyes she says, “Oh, Cassie.  You have to be the bravest person I have ever met. I am so sorry that happened to you and the life you’ve had to endure.”
“Jesse is getting pregnancy tests because there is still a chance I could be pregnant,” I say while crying again. “Jesse told me he didn’t care if I was, he would still love me and the baby.” Now I am bawling.
Allie hugs me again and holds me tight. “Of course he will and so will I. He loves you, sweetie.”
I am crying harder now. What did I do to deserve these wonderful people’s love? I never thought I would have this, that I would feel this. I feel so blessed right now.
We both pull back from each other and she wipes some tears off my face with her tissue.  “Why don’t you go upstairs and lie down for a little while? Hmmm?  Jesse should be home pretty soon and if you’re still asleep, I’ll make sure he comes to you, ok?” She says patting my knee.
“Are you sure you don’t mind?  I hate just leaving you down here alone,” I ask.  She shakes her head at me. “No, of course I don’t mind.  Go ahead. I’ll be fine. Jesse won’t be much longer.”
I nod at her and slowly walk to the stairs. I turn my head to her. “If you need me, come wake me up. Promise?” I ask her.  She nods at me. “I promise. Now go get some rest.”
Chapter nineteen

I am disoriented as I open my eyes to find Jesse looking at me as he shakes me really hard. “Cassie, baby, wake up! Honey, shhhh, wake up. It’s just a dream. I’m here now, shhhh.”  He pulls me into his arms and holds me. 
I feel really out of it. “Um, what happened?” I ask.
Jesse pulls away, just slightly, as he searches my eyes. “You were having a bad dream. Allie told me you told her everything that happened to you. I think that may have caused your bad dream. Can you remember anything?”
I shake my head a bit while closing my eyes. “Um, yeah, it was the same nightmare I was having before. It felt so real, like it was happening all over again.” I push my face into his chest while my arms go around him. He places his hand on the back of my head, stroking my hair over and over.
Allie comes racing into the bedroom and skids to a stop right before she hits the bed. “Oh, my God, Cassie! Are you ok? You were screaming so loud!” She yells.
Still holding me, Jesse looks over at Allie. “She’s ok, sis. Just a nightmare, she’ll be ok in a bit.” Allie reaches over and rubs my back. I dig my head deeper into Jesse’s chest.  
Allie whispers, “Its ok Cassie. We both love you, remember that, we love you and we’re here for you.”  She quietly leaves the room, but I can hear the door shut.
I look up at Jesse. “I’m sorry. I feel like that’s all you do is take care of me. I don’t mean for you to have to do that so much.” I sniffle.  
He cups my face with his hands. “Don’t ever feel that way, baby. I will always take care of you. I love caring for you. I love you. Don’t ever forget that. I think talking about it today with sis put it all in your head again.” He kisses my forehead, and I begin to calm down.
“I hate to bring this up but do you feel like taking one of these tests now?  I really think you should do one today and then maybe take another in a few days.  I bought several. I know the doctor said in a couple of weeks, but I want this to be behind you.” He kisses me softly.
I pull back from him and brush the hair out of my eyes. “I’m ok. Thanks for getting those for me. I’ll go take one and be downstairs in a few minutes, ok?” I look at him with a small smile.
“Ok, but are you sure you don’t want me to stay up here with you?  Moral support?” He asks. I shake my head. “I think I need to do this on my own. But, thank you.” I give him a hug and get up from the bed.  As I walk towards the bathroom, I look over my shoulder and watch him leave the room.
After taking one of the tests, I lay it on the counter and decide to take a quick shower.  Maybe that will help me get refreshed.  Once I am done and toweled off, I wrap the towel around my body and begin the tedious process of brushing out my hair. I look down at the test but nothing is showing yet. I pick up the box and read the back to see how long it takes.  Hmmm should be any second now.
I hear the bathroom door open slowly behind me.  I look over my shoulder and its Allie peeking in.
“I’m sorry, I hope you don’t mind. Can I stay?  I just wanted to be with you,” she says smiling. I shake my head and turn back around and start brushing my hair again.
“Ouch! Damn that hurt.  My hair has needed a trim for quite a while now,” I say as I snag my hair, yet again!
Allie looks at me fondly. “Hey, I have some scissors in my bathroom.  I’m always snipping at my hair.  May I trim it for you?  I promise I won’t screw it up too bad.”
“Wow that would be great if you’re sure you don’t mind?” I ask hesitantly. She turns to walk out. “I don’t mind at all, what are friends for?” She smiles and then leaves.
While Allie is gone, I look back down at the test on the counter.  I pick it up to get a better look. “Negative,” I say aloud.  I slump and sigh in relief.  There’s still a small chance I could be pregnant, I know, but I am still relieved just the same.
Allie comes back into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. She looks at me and then down to the test in my hand. “May I?” She asks.  I hand the test to her and next thing I know she slams into me hard, wrapping her arms around me, knocking us into the counter.
She pulls back still holding onto my shoulders. “What? You’re not happy with the result? I thought you would be jumping up and down,” she says and she studies my face.
I smile and nod. “I’m happy it’s just that the doctor said it could be too soon to tell yet. She suggested I take one in a couple of weeks, but Jesse thought maybe I could take one every few days.”  I shrug.
“Well, negative now is still good news in my book.  Now, let’s see about your hair. I brought some detangler with me. I’ll put that on first to see if I can get through your tangles easier. May I?” She says as she reaches for my brush. 
Once Allie has gotten all the tangles out of my hair, she trims it. Perfect! Oh, it feels so much better! I turn around to her. “Thanks so much Allie. You should be a beautician.”  
She smiles at me and waves me off. “Oh, that’s nothing. I’ve been cutting Jesse’s hair and mine for ages. You have beautiful hair, with just enough wave to give it that extra body. And I love the color!” She smiles at me as she is fluffing my hair.
That evening we all sat around watching movies, munching on snacks and laughing together. I haven’t had this much fun in a long time. I feel so comfortable around them. I’m starting to feel like maybe I can be part of their family.
Chapter twenty

Allie has me in a hug whispering, “I love you, Cassie. You’re my sister now. Please take care of each other.” She sniffs as she turns to Jesse. I can hear her whisper to him but can’t make out what she’s saying.
“I can’t believe it’s been a week already! I don’t want to go back. I want to stay here with my new sister and my bro,” she says with a sigh. 
I look sadly at Jesse then back to Allie. “I know. I wish you could stay. But it could end up being too dangerous for you and you have a life. Go, be great at your job. We will see each other again soon, I promise. You’re not getting away from me that easy,” I smile and wink at her.
Allie reluctantly leaves the house promising Jesse she will call us soon. Jesse turns around after shutting the door, setting the alarm and stalks towards me.
I back up step by step matching his. “Now,” Jesse says wagging his eyebrows, “where were we?” 
He’s smiling at me and starts to reach out. I turn and run toward the stairs. I am laughing so hard I can hardly breathe. 
I am half way up the stairs when Jesse catches me, holding my back to his front. We are both laughing. He sets me down on the step above him, and I turn around to face him. At this advantage, I don’t have to look up at him quite so much. Once our laughter dies, we stand there looking into each other’s eyes, both of us breathing heavily.
He takes the hair that has fallen in my face and places it behind my ear. He keeps his hand there on the side of my face and lowers his lips slowly to mine. 
He lowers me on the steps and straddles me, our kisses never break stride. He’s kissing me with hunger, need, want. I give back equally. 
He stops kissing my lips and begins kissing all over my face. “I (kiss) don’t (kiss) want (kiss) to (kiss) hurt (kiss) your (kiss) ribs (kiss).” He stops long enough to get up off me, bends down and next thing I know, I am in his arms. “Whoa,” I screech.  
He carries me up the rest of the stairs and to the bedroom. When we reach the door he turns his head to me and says, “Hmmm, I think we need a shower.  We are very (kiss) very (kiss) dirty.” He winks at me and continues to carry me to the bathroom. 
Jesse sets me down and I watch him as he turns on the water, testing it periodically. Once he feels he has the right temperature, he turns and begins taking off his clothes. 
Ah! A strip show! I like this! Before I know it, he grabs me and pulls off my shirt. Oh, my! He reaches around me and unclasps my bra and flings it behind him. I hear it hit the wall. He places my hands on his strong shoulders and squats down in front of me.  He starts pulling down my pants and underwear at the same time. Nudging me with one of his elbows, I step out of them, one foot and then the other. While he is still squatting he looks up at my ribs and places soft kisses there.
I choke up a little. Tears are threatening to flow. I watch him as he stands back up. Then he picks me up and steps into the shower. He shuts the shower door with his foot closing us in. He takes the soap and begins to lather it in his hands. Water begins to cascade around his body as he turns around to face me.
I watch the water trickling down his body, down, down, until I am staring at his engorged cock. Man, that’s gotta hurt all big and bulging like that. 
He clears his throat and I snap my head back up to look at him. He has a cocky (pun intended) look on his face. He sets the bar of soap down and with his lathered hands he starts washing me. He starts at my neck and slowly washes down my arms. I gulp. He slides his soapy hands down my chest until he gets to my breasts and holds them there. He squeezes them gently and I moan, rather loudly. His eyes are half-mast now, staring at me. 
His hands begin to rub my breasts and one hand stops and pinches my nipple. Oh! He is smiling at me now as he watches my face, which is full of emotions. One of his hands moves down my body slowly. When it gets to my stomach he rubs me there and then it travels down to my mound.
“Hmmmm,” I moan and lean my head back, my eyes closing.
His hand begins its decent between my legs. I widen my stance for him to give his hand plenty of room to work its magic. I feel a finger go into my opening and curl inside.
“Ahhhhhh!” I can’t take it! My head goes back more until I think I am going to fall. Quickly, he grabs me and moves me against the shower wall.  I wrap my legs around his waist and cross my ankles, grabbing his shoulders with my hands. He leans towards my face and smashes his lips to mine. We kiss with a fevered passion. We can’t get close enough to each other. I want to crawl inside him!
I feel his engorged cock thrust into my core! “OHHHHHH, YES!” I scream. Jesse moans so loud at the same time that we are like a duet of lustful moans and groans.
We keep perfect time as we rock together, our tongues dancing to our beat. He has one of his hands against the wall behind my head so I don’t hit my head. His other hand is around my waist holding me up. So strong!
I begin to see spots in my eyes as my climax approaches fast. “Jesseeeeee,” I scream as I fall into oblivion. He is soon to follow as he pounds into me. “Casssiiiieeeee,” he screams.
He stands there holding me as he thrusts two more times and I feel his sperm shooting into me. As we both try to regain our normal breathing, I look into his blue eyes with tears in mine. “Jesse, I love you so much.” I kiss him again and again.
He starts to carry me out of the tub and I pout. “But I didn’t get to clean you,” I say with my lower lip jetted out. He leans over and bites it. “Owwww!” I yell. 
He chuckles, “I couldn’t resist. God, I love that lip.” He then kisses it softly, looks up at me and shows me that gorgeous smile I love so much. Sigh! I am so gone for this man!

Chapter twenty-one

I am having such a great dream when I feel someone behind me move closer. Hmmmm, Jesse’s spooning me. He puts an arm around me and puts his hand over mine, intertwining our fingers. I move back up against him. I groan. He begins kissing my shoulder. “I really could get used to waking up like this,” I whisper. 
He kisses my shoulder again. “Get used to it because I intend to wake you up this way (kiss) and other ways too.” 
“Hmmmm,” is the only thing I can say to that.
I hear a phone ringing.  Huh?  Jesse sighs, kisses my shoulder one last time and turns over to his night stand to retrieve his phone. “Yeah!” He says into it rather sharply. “What?  Did they get them?  Why the fuck not! Well tell them to find them again, dammit, and not to lose them the next time!”
He hangs up abruptly. I sit up in bed and scoot over to him, putting my hand on his shoulder. “What’s wrong, Jesse? Did something happen? Is it the guys who kidnapped me?” I am starting to shake.
Jesse turns towards me and grabs my hands in his. “Baby, calm down. That was Ty. He said his men found them. They followed them for a while but lost them.” I look down at our hands and take a breath.
“Baby, look at me,” he says softly. I look up and I see the concern in his eyes. “I need you to stay calm for me, will you do that?” He asks. I nod slowly. “I mean it, stay calm, okay?” He sighs. “Our men followed them to about an hour and a half from here.”
I gasp and pull back from him. Scooting off the bed I start pacing the floor. Jesse gets up and comes around the bed and wraps his arms around me, keeping me still. I am searching his eyes with mine. “Jesse, I’m scared. What if, what if they find us?” I am biting my lower lip so hard right now it’s going to draw blood.
With his hand on my chin, he takes his index finger and presses down on my lower lip until I release it. “Baby, baby, calm down. You said you would stay calm for me,” he says. He releases my chin and hugs me tight. “I will protect you, baby. You know that, right?” He pulls away and bends down so he can look me in the eyes. “You trust me, right?” His eyes are searching mine. “Right, baby? You know I won’t let anything or anyone hurt you. I would die for you.”
I have my face in his chest now, and I nod my head. I squeeze him tighter like I can’t get close enough.  My shaking body begins to calm down. I look up at him and nod again and try to smile.
“I love you, Jesse. I’m not just scared for me. I’m worried something will happen to you. I can’t lose you. I’ve only just found you.” I lay my head on his chest and cry.
He rocks us back and forth in a soothing sway. After a few minutes my crying ceases, and I am only sniffling and hiccupping now.
“Come on, honey. Let’s go down and get you some food. You need to eat. Let’s take it one day at a time, okay? Ty’s men are good. They will find them and get them locked up. I’m sure of it.” He takes my hand and leads me downstairs.  
I am a mess and afraid to look in a mirror. When we get to the kitchen doorway I pull my hand from his. “Um, I’m just going to go freshen up,” I say pointing around the corner to the bathroom.
He nods at me and continues to the kitchen. Once I get into the bathroom I look in the mirror. Wow!  Don’t I just look lovely?  My face is flushed with tear stains on it and my eyes have huge bags under them. Nice! I run some water and splash my face and look back in the mirror. Nope not gonna help without makeup. Bummer. Oh well, I am sure he has seen me worse than this. I use the toilet and find a brush in the cabinet drawer. Thank, God! I run it through my hair until I look at little more decent.
By the time I get into the kitchen the table is full of food. How did I ever deserve such a great guy? I will never know, but I am going to enjoy all of this while I can!

~*~*~*~

Later that evening we are sitting around in the living room watching a movie. I have my head on Jesse’s lap and he is playing with my hair. I am not really watching TV, and I don’t think he is either.
When the movie is over Jesse turns off the TV. Brushing my hair away from my face, he looks down at me. I am half asleep. “Baby,” he whispers, “come on, let’s go to bed.” I barely open my eyes and look up at him. I sit up and stretch, move my legs around and stand up. Jesse follows me up the stairs, turning off lights as we go.
Once we are undressed and in bed, we cuddle. Jesse is rubbing my arm that is sprawled out over his chest. “Cassie?” He whispers, “You awake?” I nod my head slightly against his chest. “You ok?  You’ve been awfully quiet tonight.” He sounds really concerned.
I move my head looking up at him. “Yeah, just tired. All I want is for you to hold me. Hold me tight.”  He tightens his arm that is around me and lightly kisses the top of my head. “That, I can do.” Then we both drift off to sleep.

Chapter twenty-two

I awake with a start. There’s a hand covering my mouth. I try to scream, but I can’t get any air. Using my eyes, I look to my left and see Jesse laying there blood flowing down the right side of his face. Oh, my God! This isn’t happening. I didn’t hear the alarm!
It’s so dark in here. It must be the middle of the night. I can’t make out the person’s face that has their hand over my mouth. But I can smell him. It’s him. It’s them! His other hand is pinning my arms down across my waist. I try to struggle, but I don’t move much.
“Ah, the bitch that escaped and wants to put me away,” Willie says.  He lets go of my mouth and slaps me across the face. My head whips to the left, “UHHHH.” He grabs my hands with both of his and pulls me up and out of the bed. 
From what I can see Mick isn’t in the room. I hear movement and the next thing I know I am dragged over by the wall in between the bathroom and closet.  He whips me around and places a hand over my throat and squeezes. I grab the hand at my throat with my right and pull hard, but he is too strong. He’s got my left arm around my back pulling it so hard it hurts.
“LET HER GO, YOU MAGGOT!” Jesse yells as he slowly stands up from the bed. The blood on the side of his face is half covering his eye and is dripping off his chin now. I struggle and pain shoots down my arm as he pulls on it tighter.
“Not a chance, asshole. I’ve already had her once but don’t mind having a little fun before I kill you both,” Willie taunts Jesse. His hold tightens on my throat and my arm. I wince in pain. Jesse looks at me with concern and then looks back at Willie with daggers in his eyes.
How can I warn him that Mick isn’t around?  He has to be somewhere in the house.  
“Nope, it’s time for you to be locked up and put to rest, asshole,” Jesse growls. He looks at me and moves his eyes to the door, slyly. He’s going to do something and he wants me to move fast.
Willie tightens his reins on me and again I wince. “Nah, ain’t gonna be locked up again. Won’t happen, I’d rather die first.” Jesse’s eyes go back to the door quickly again and looks back at Willie. “That can be arranged.” He sneers.
Everything after that is a blur as it happens so fast.
Jesse runs across the room and lunges at Willie. My captor reacts by throwing me against the wall so hard that I ram my head into the wall causing me to stumble. At the same time when Willie is letting go, he pulls so hard on my left arm, I hear a pop and excruciating pain. I am wobbly. My head is throbbing and my arm is hanging from me, useless.
“RUN, CASSIE, RUN. YOU KNOW WHERE TO GO! HURRY!” Jesse is screaming at me as he wrestles with Willie on the ground.
My adrenaline soars, and I run out of the room literally flying down the stairs. I keep looking all around me, looking for Mick.
I run down the hall and get to the bookshelf by Jesse’s office.  I hear them yelling upstairs. I am panicking, rushing trying to find the book that will open the secret door. I start pulling on all of them.
I hear a gun shot, and I jump, startled.  OH, my God!  Jesse!!!!  No, he told me to go hide so that’s where I am going. I finally find the right book, and the door slides into the wall. I go in, turn around and hit the hidden button on the wall to close the door. I am afraid to turn on any lights, so I hold onto the spiral staircase railing and try to hurry down the stairs.
I get to the bottom and run as fast as I can to the alcove Jesse showed me. Once I get there, I start feeling around on the wall for the switch. Ugh!  I can’t find the damn hidden switch! I hear the wall upstairs moving.  Oh, my God! Where’s the damn switch? I start hitting the wall everywhere. My heart is beating so fast I feel like it’s beating out of my chest.
Finally! I found the switch and hit it.  The door slides into the wall. I go into the little room, turn around and hit the switch in there. As the door begins to slide back to close, I slide down the far wall until my bottom hits the floor. I pull up my legs and put my right arm around them, hugging them to me.
I lay my head back against the wall and wait. My head is throbbing so much worse now, and I can hardly feel my left arm or shoulder. I think about Jesse and wonder if he is ok. If something happens to him, I will die. Tears are flowing down my face now. I am so scared! Scared that the men will find me. Scared that Jesse is dead. I don’t know what to do. How long should I stay in here?
 I hear something. It sounds like someone running this way. I’m so scared that I feel like I am going to throw up. It would take someone a long time to figure out there is a hidden room here. How will anyone know I am in here to rescue me? I’ll die here because I’ll be too scared to leave.  But, if Jesse really is dead, then I will die here because I don’t want to live without him.
I hear someone hitting the wall outside the room.  The door begins to slide into the wall. Here we go, I’m gonna be killed. I put my head onto my knees and pray.
“Cassie? Baby?” I look up slowly and see Jesse come into the room. He lowers himself in front of me. I can barely see him through my tears. The blood on the right side of his head seems to have slowed down but a black eye is forming. His lower lip is cut and bleeding.
I launch at him, wrapping my right arm around his neck, burying my face into his chest, causing him to sit down hard on the floor. He wraps his arms around me and I cry out. Jesse pulls me back a bit and frowns. “Baby, where are you hurt?”
I look up at him. “I think my left arm was pulled out of its socket and my head is killing me.” He wraps his right arm under my legs and his left arm around my waist.  He grunts as he gets on his knees with me in tow and then puts one knee up to put his foot on the floor and hoists us both up.
He turns his head to mine and kisses me on the lips softly. “Oh, my God, baby. I’m so glad you’re ok. I don’t know what I would have done if he had hurt you any more or killed you. I would have gone crazy,” he says as he leans his forehead against mine.
Jesse carries me up the spiral staircase and into the living room and sits on the couch, me across his lap.  I hear sirens outside.
I start to panic. “Oh, my God! Where, where is he? We need to get out, hurry Jesse! He’ll see us. We should have stayed in the safe room.” I begin to shake and try to get up.
“Shhh, no baby. It’s ok. He’s dead. I hit the silent alarm to get the police here. It’s over, it’s ok now,” he says holding me back. 
“No, no, Jesse. There’s the other guy. I didn’t see him anywhere. He has to still be in the house somewhere!” I am pushing against him now, trying to get out of his hold.
He holds me tighter and takes my face in his hand. “Baby, baby. Listen. Calm down. I’ve checked everywhere and he isn’t here. Ok? I’ve checked. Everything is ok now. Shhhh.” 
“I...I...I heard a gunshot. Are you hurt, Jesse? Did, did you get shot?” I look all over him trying to see if I can see a wound anywhere. 
He looks at me puzzled. “No, baby. I shot that guy.  I killed him. I would do it again if it means I would protect you. But, he deserved it. Not only for what he did to you, but for what he did to my mom. It’s over now. Everything is going to be ok.”
I start shaking really bad now. What is going on?  He holds me close, still holding the side of my face and rubbing my cheek. I lay my head on his shoulder.
The sirens are really loud now. The front door bursts open and several policemen come in all in their stances with their arms stretch out front with their guns pointing around the room.
“Freeze! Don’t move!” One of them yells. Jesse stands up with me but with my shaking body he is wobbly. “Look officer, we are the victims. You will find the dead killer upstairs, end of the hall, in the master bedroom,” he tells the officer angrily.
The officer that yelled at us looks at the men around him and cocks his head towards the stairs. I see three officers, still guns pointing around, begin walking to the stairs.
I lay my head down on Jesse’s chest. I am so tired that I can hardly keep my eyes open.
Two paramedics come into the house. They see us and immediately jog over to us carrying their equipment. “Hello. We are here to help. What are your names please?” A big burly guy asks.
“Her name is Cassie and I’m Jesse.  Please help her first. I think she’s hurt really bad, please help her,” Jesse says back. The paramedic that was talking with us looks over at the other one, which is a woman. She walks over and looks at both of us. “Jesse, can you lay Cassie down on the couch please so we can take a look at her and assess her injuries?” She asks.
I look up at Jesse and shake my head. “No, no, don’t let me go, please don’t let me go,” I cry. He looks at me with sadness in his eyes. “Shhh, baby. I will be right here. I’m not going anywhere. They have to see how hurt you are, honey. I will be right there with you, I promise,” he says pleadingly.
I nod slowly. I am so scared, and I can’t stop feeling that way.
He lays me on the couch carefully. He kneels on the floor right by my head. “Cassie is it?” The woman paramedic asks. I nod looking up at her. “Good. Cassie, can you tell me what all hurts, please?”
I look over at Jesse and then back at the woman. “The left upper side of my head. I-. I hit it against the wall really hard. And. And.” I start breathing really fast. My chest is rising and falling quickly.
The woman looks concerned. “It’s ok Cassie. Take a few deep breaths for me, ok? You’re going to start to hyperventilate if you don’t slow your breathing down.”
I look over at Jesse and try to take a deep breath, but it’s really hard to catch my breath.
“Shhh, baby. Shhh, calm down for me, ok?  It’s ok now. It’s all over. I’m right here. Shhh,” Jesse says soothingly while stroking my hair. 
I begin to take a few deep breaths. It’s starting to get a little easier now. In, out. Wait. In, out.
“Good. That’s good, Cassie,” the woman says to me, “now can you finish telling me what hurts?”
I look back over to her. “Um, my left shoulder and arm hurt, but I can’t feel them very much right now.  I think that man. That man.” I start to breath heavy again and my body begins to shake uncontrollably. 
Jesse moves closer so I can see him. “He’s dead, honey. He can’t hurt you anymore. It’s ok. Take deep breaths again, ok, baby?” 
I start taking deep breaths again, and my breathing begins to slow down.
I look back at the woman.  “He pulled my arm really hard. I think he pulled it out of the socket. I heard a pop.” Whew!  I did it. I finally got that all out.
“Ok, honey. I have to ask you if there is a chance you could be pregnant before I can give you anything for the pain,” she asks.
Jesse speaks up, “Yes, there is a chance she could be pregnant.”
She nods and goes to a bag. She is unwrapping a syringe as she returns. “Thank you for letting me know. I am going to give you a shot for pain and it will also help relax you, ok? If you are pregnant it will not hurt the baby.” I nod slowly. As she is giving me the shot she adds, “Then I am going to put a sling around your arm. It will help immobilize it and protect it from further injury, ok?” I nod again.
As she returns to her bag and pulls out the sling, she asks the other paramedic to join her.
She looks at Jesse and then at me. “I’m Morgan and this is Joe. Cassie? Joe is going to get behind you and help you sit up so I can put this sling around you. It will be easier that way, ok?”
I look at Jesse and then back at Joe and Morgan. “Ok.” I look back at Jesse. “But, but, don’t leave me.” He shakes his head. “Never.”
I smile a little. Joe comes over and lifts my upper body enough that he can sit behind me. “Ugh!” I groan. 
“Sorry, sorry!” Joe says. Morgan carefully puts my arm in the sling, tightening it so it’s stable.
Morgan takes her right hand and feels on the left side of my head up in my hair. “Ow,” I whimper and move my head slightly. Morgan looks at me with concern. “Sorry, honey. You have a pretty good lump there. When we take you to the hospital they will want to get an x-ray of that. But we will make sure to let them know there is a chance of pregnancy. Just in case.” She smiles. “Anything else hurt?”
Jesse looks at her. “She has a couple of cracked ribs from a week ago, that are still healing.” She looks at Jesse. “Thank you, Jesse. That’s good to know. We will be very careful.”
She looks at Joe and nods. Joe gently gets up and lays me back down. “We will be back in a minute, ok?” Joe says. They leave to go out the front door when an officer comes down the stairs and stops them. “We need another ambulance. Can you call it in?” Morgan nods at him and they leave.
The officer comes over to us. “Ahem. Once you are taken care of at the hospital, I will need to ask you both some questions,” he says gruffly.
Jesse looks at me. “I’ll give you any answers you need, but she’s really hurt. Can you wait to ask her tomorrow?” The officer looks down at me. “Well, yeah, I guess I can. I will see you both at the hospital.  My men are finishing upstairs. Are you ok with them locking up?” Jesse simply nods.
Soon the paramedics come back into the house pulling a gurney behind them. I look at Jesse and frown. “Don’t leave me,” I whimper. Jesse looks at the gurney and then back at me. “Don’t worry, baby, I am going with you. I will never leave you, I promise,” he whispers by my head.
The paramedic’s carefully pick me up and place me on the gurney securing me with straps. “I am going to start an IV in your right hand, Cassie. Its pain meds to help you, ok?” Joe asks. I nod, and he proceeds to set up the IV.
Jesse walks out with us, holding my right hand. I am getting so sleepy that my eyes keep blinking constantly. The last thing I remember is being put in the ambulance and Jesse being by my side.

Chapter twenty-three

“Jesse, Jesse, don’t leave me,” I murmur. My head moves back and forth slowly. I feel a warm hand squeeze mine. “Hmmm” is all that comes out of my mouth.  I hear voices but can’t grasp what they are saying. I lose consciousness. 
“I can’t. He won’t let me go. I can’t move. Jesse be careful. Don’t get hurt, don’t die. I can’t lose you, not now. I” I am murmuring again. I can’t wake up fully. My eyes are too heavy to open. I fall into the darkness again.
I hear Jesse and Allie talking, but I can’t tell if I am dreaming or awake. I’m still too tired to wake up. It seems lighter, like the sun is shining.
“I’ll tell Ty to go get her some clothes and some for me too,” I hear Jesse say. Allie laughs, “Yeah, good idea since your clothes have blood all over them and it would be nice if you took a shower. How’s your eye. What a shiner!” 
Jesse laughs. “Ow! Well, it’s pretty tender. You don’t have to touch it, Allie.”
I drift off again.
I moan turning my head. Damn I have a headache. I open my eyes slowly and blink a few times. Fuck, what is that bright light. I close them again and moan.
“Baby? Cassie, are you awake?” I hear Jesse whisper. He sounds really close, like his mouth is right by my ear. I turn my head slowly towards his voice and open my eyes again. I am frowning and squinting my eyes. He half stands and reaches up and a light goes off.  Whew! That’s much better.
As he takes my hand, he starts brushing my hair away from my face. “Cassie, you scared me. I didn’t think you were ever going to open those beautiful eyes of yours.” He gives me that wide gorgeous smile as he continues to stroke my hair.
I smile a little back at him and sigh. “How long have I been asleep? What day is it?” I ask in a croaky voice. 
He’s rubbing my hand as he leans over and gently kisses my lips. He doesn’t pull back too far from me. “Baby, it’s been three days.” I raise my eyebrows. “Wow, really?” He nods. 
“Yes, you had a small concussion and have really been out of it. I was so scared, baby,” he says with tears forming in his beautiful eyes.
I turn my hand over and slide my fingers into his. I smile at him. “Your eye looks like it hurts. Are you ok?” I ask him.  
He nods. “I’m fine. Don’t you worry about me. I want all your strength to be used in getting better, ok?” He kisses my forehead.
The doctor came in and told us that I could go home but told Jesse if I couldn’t seem to wake up and be coherent then he needed to call an ambulance.  He didn’t feel as if Jesse would need to do that, and I just needed plenty of rest. He told me that my arm was definitely pulled out of the socket. He informed me to keep the sling on for about a week and it should heal just fine. He also told me that the MRI they took showed that I didn’t have a concussion, but I still need to be watched.
While we were waiting for the discharge papers, the officer came around and asked all his questions. I asked where the other man, Mick, was and if they had found him somewhere. The officer looked confused. Jesse told me he would tell me everything later, but he wanted me to get some good rest first. I was too tired to argue.
Once we were back at Jesse’s house it was hard to get any rest. I thought hospitals were busy, oh not compared to Jesse’s house. Allie and Tyler were there and even Thomas showed up. They seem to be cleaning and cooking and constantly trying to make me comfortable. I was getting absolutely no rest! But, I was so glad they were there.
For the next week, I got so much rest I was about to bust out of the house. Jesse wouldn’t let me do anything, he barely let me walk. “I can walk, Jesse. Seriously.” I rolled my eyes at him. 
Thomas had apologized to me and Jesse before he left but said it was only out of concern. I can tell by the way he talked to us that he thinks we would be better apart from each other. He still acts like I am not good enough for Jesse. Sigh.
We decide to head back to Kansas. I want to see my friends. I have missed them terribly, and I know they are worried about me. I called Stella on Jesse’s phone, and after she quit screaming at me, we had a really nice, long talk. I didn’t go into detail about everything that happened, but she got the jest of it and was just happy I was ok. Jesse and Tyler are loading the SUV with our things while Allie and I are packing a lunch for the trip. It’s hard for me to do some things with one arm. 
Tyler is going to fly back to LA with Allie and then they will come to Kansas in another week to visit. 
“I think you need a couple of apples,” Allie suggests. “And maybe some grapes. Oh! I got some peanut butter crackers too. Let me get them.” I put my hand on her arm. “Allie? Are you ok? What’s wrong?” I ask.
Allie stops and looks down. “It’s just.” She looks up at me. “I was so worried about you. It took too long to get here to see if you were ok. I don’t want to go back and be that far from you and Jesse. I miss you guys too much,” she sniffs.
I go over and hug her. “I miss you too. More than you’ll ever know. But it will only be a week, and you will be with us again. I can’t wait for you to spend a week with us. Maybe we will have found the perfect house by then, and you can help me decorate.” I smile at her. She pulls away and holds my hand. “Shopping! Now you’re talking!” She laughs.
Chapter twenty-four

For the first hour of our drive back to Kansas, I slept on and off. We stop for lunch on the side of the road and eat in the car.
“So, what happened to Mick, Jesse? I know it’s something bad. Please tell me,” I beg. 
He wipes his mouth with his napkin and takes a drink of water then clears his throat. “Ty found him about 2 miles from the house, in the trees. Baby, I don’t think…” I interrupt him. “Please I want to know. I have to know, Jesse,” I say firmly.
He turns in his seat and faces me, picking up my hand. 
“Baby, Ty found him in the trees. He was half buried. He was mutilated.” He shakes his head, and I wince. “Ty said he has never seen anything like it before and he has seen a lot.” I start biting my lower lip and tears form. He leans over and pulls me by the neck until our foreheads are touching. “It’s not that I wanted to keep it from you, but I didn’t want you to have that in your head.” He kisses my forehead.
It’s not that I cared for that horrible man, hell I hated him and what he did to me but no one deserves to die that way. No one. 
I look at Jesse and shake my head. “I just wanna go home, our home. Take me home, Jesse.” He nods and turns around to start the car. I lean my head against the seat and just stare at him. How did I get so lucky to have such a wonderful savior? I smile.
Two hours later we drive into the small town I call home. Even after sleeping off and on the whole way here, I am exhausted. We decide to get a hotel room first, get unpacked and rest.

~*~*~*~

Later that evening I start to wake up from a nap on our hotel bed. I feel the bed move and look up to see Jesse hovering over me with a smile on his face. “Well, look who decided to finally wake up,” he says with a playful grin.
I reach up and pull on his arms until he is almost lying on top of me. “Hmmmm, your beautiful smiling face is the best thing to wake up to,” I say. “Ya know we, um, haven’t, you know, been together since everything happened.” I peck his lips. “I think we are overdue, don’t you?” I peck his lips again in a different spot. “I mean (peck) we wouldn’t (peck) want to get (peck) out of practice.”
He pulls back a little. “There is nothing on this earth I would rather do, but don’t you think you should heal some more? I don’t want to hurt you and have it take longer for you to heal again.”
I giggle. “Jesse, I’m not going to break. The doctor said to wait a week. Wait! Are you scared of me? We’re gonna have sex some time, right?” I start to tickle his sides. He is laughing and squirming on top of me. 
“Stop! I am going to fall on you, Cassie!  Stop,” he says laughing.
Suddenly, he falls over to my right and rolls over onto his back. I am on top of him in an instant looking down at him my long hair creating a wall around us. We are breathing heavy and still laughing, looking at each other.
I lean down and smash my lips into his. Our hands are all over each other and we are kissing with fever. He holds me and rolls us over until he is on top of me again. We never break our kissing and we hurriedly undress each other. 
I am withering beneath Jesse as he sucks on my right nipple. I reach my arms around his waist and slide them down to his bottom and squeeze. That sets him off and he groans loudly. I can feel the tip of his cock by my opening.  If I just move a little more that way he will slide in. I move enough that I can feel him move into me a little. I buck my hips and it slides in more. Apparently he knows what I am trying to do so he helps me out by pushing all the way into me. He pulls his mouth off my nipple and buries his face into my neck. 
He begins to suck on my neck as we rock together. He lifts his head and locks lips with mine. I meet him with every move until we are groaning into each other’s mouths. One last push and we are falling together in total bliss. 
We lay there holding each other breathing heavy our bodies trembling.
Jesse finally regains himself, gets up and goes into the bathroom. I can hear the water streaming in the sink. He comes back out and cleans both of us. Damn that feels good. I will never get tired of that. I will never get tired of making love with him. God, I love him!
Once he has returned from disposing the washcloth he gets into the bed and pulls me to his side. I lay in my favorite position, my left arm across his waist and my head on his chest with my left leg over his.
He is playing with my hair and I am rubbing my hand back and forth across his chest. This is the best feeling!  This is unbelievable! I am so overflowing with love right now I could explode! I can’t believe after everything I have been through, we have been through, we are here together. I drift off with happy dreams.
Chapter twenty-five

I am so excited to take Jesse to the Café. I can hardly wait. “Hurry, Jesse! I want to get over there!  I can’t wait to see everyone and introduce you to them!” I yell. He is taking forever in the bathroom.  Oh, my God! What in the hell is he doing in there?  I thought girls took the longest time getting ready, Oh, no!  
Finally, Jesse comes out of the bathroom and looks at me perplexed. “What?” 
I roll my eyes. “Seriously?” He walks towards me. “What?” He asks again. Oh. My. God! I just turn around, go get my purse and go to the front door of our room. I open it, look at him and wait, tapping my foot on the floor. 
He laughs. He laughs? Really? He comes over to me and grabs ahold of my shoulders. “Baby, calm down. They’re your friends. You can relax.” Then he kisses me.
We walk into the Café, hand in hand. Wait! What in the hell is that smell? I cover my mouth with my hand and run to the bathroom which is way across the room. Oh, my God!  I am not going to make it!  I push open the door so hard it hits the wall behind it and I run into the nearest stall, slamming the door open. I barely bend over the toilet and throw up everything I think I have ever eaten in my life!
I hear someone running into the bathroom. “Cassie?  Cassie, are you ok pumpkin?” Oh, my God, that’s Stella. How embarrassing. Stella is the sweetest woman you will ever meet. Almost too sweet. She is in her mid-fifties with a blonde bob and makeup that is caked on her face. But she would give you her right arm if it helped you in any way.
I stand up, shakily, and go to the sink. As I run the water, I splash some on my face and look up into the mirror. Wow! I look horrible. I am pale and have circles under my eyes. Lovely. My stomach is really queasy but more stable, I think.
I turn around and Stella grabs me into a huge hug. “Oh my pumpkin. I can’t believe you’re back. I was so worried about you,” she says smashing me into her chest. 
“Um, Stella, Stella,” I choke out, “can’t breathe.” She pulls away at arm’s length. “Oh, sorry pumpkin. You know how excited I get.” Do. I. Ever!
I take a few deep breaths and hear someone running, coming closer, really fast! Jesse comes sliding in the door, skidding to a stop before he rams into the wall.
“Jesse! This is the women’s bathroom! What are you doing in here?” I yell. 
“Oh, sorry. I wanted to make sure you’re ok,” he says panting. He is bent over with his hands on his knees looking up at me. “I couldn’t wait any longer. I had to check.”
Stella puts her arm around my shoulder. “She’ll be just fine, um, Jesse?” She asks. Jesse nods as he tries to get his breathing under control.
Stella clears her throat. “Well, I’ll bring her out in just a few minutes, ok?” She says sweetly. Jesse looks at me. I nod and half smile as I shrug my shoulders. Jesse stands up. “Ok, I’ll, uh, see you in a few minutes, right?”
Stella lets go of me and ushers Jesse out of the bathroom. “Yes, yes, she’ll be out in a few, bye!” She waves her arms and shoos him. 
She closes the door, turns around and leans her back against the door. “Now pumpkin. What the hell is going on with you?” Oh, my!
I look down at my hands that I am wringing. “I don’t know exactly. Well, not really. I mean, I’m not sure, um.” Stella walks over to me and lifts my chin with her hand.
“Pumpkin, look at me. You know you can tell me anything.” I move my eyes up to meet hers and I start crying. She holds me and we stand there for a long time. 
“I don’t know Stella. The last couple of days my stomach has just been in knots. I mean, I know that I’ve been under so much stress so that’s not unusual, right? But, I just have a funny feeling and I’m scared.” I say my chin quivering.
Stella let’s go of her hold on me and takes my hand and pats it. “Ok, so what are you afraid of, hon?” She asks.
I look around a bit and back to her eyes. “Promise you won’t say anything to anyone? I mean it Stella, not to anyone!” 
She crosses her heart with her other hand. “I swear pumpkin.”
I look down and whisper, “I think I might be pregnant and I’m not sure who the father is.”
Stella takes a step back. “You, what?” She yells. 
“Shhhh. Oh, my God! Be quiet,” I say looking around as if there was anyone else in this tiny bathroom with us. Stella now has her hand over her heart and is breathing heavy like she’s about to have a heart attack.
“Oh, my God Stella. It’s a long story! I can’t go into all of it right now.” I proceed to tell her enough that she would understand why I was so upset. “So, you see? It really could be either one of them, and I have no idea how to tell who the father is.”
Stella backs up to the stall behind her and leans on the stall wall. She starts fanning herself with her hand. 
Stella looks at me. “Well, there’s only three things to do right now. Go out there and act like everything is ok, get you some saltines and I need a very big drink. A very, very big drink.”

~*~*~*~

Stella and I walk over to the booth Jesse is sitting in. I am feeling a little better now. I slide in next to him, and he puts his arm around my shoulder. I turn my head, look at him and smile. “I’m better now. Must have been something I ate that didn’t agree with me.” He smiles back and gives me a kiss on my forehead. “Good. You had me worried, baby.”
Stella walks over with some saltine crackers and a glass of water and sets them down in front of me.  I look up and smile. “Here, pumpkin. This is always good to settle a sour stomach,” she says smiling and gives me a wink. 
She reaches across me with her hand out to Jesse. “I’m Stella. Been kind of like a mom to my pumpkin here.” Jesse shakes her hand and nods. “I know you’re Jesse. Nice to meet the man who has captured my pumpkin’s heart.” She smiles at him.
The rest of the crew eventually stops by the table to meet Jesse and to give me hugs then leaves us to eat.
“So, you never really told me what you do, Jesse, besides look for your mom’s killers. You have me curious,” I say looking at him with a raised eyebrow.
He clears his throat and squirms in his seat. “Well, I run a charity organization out of the house. I have several large corporations that privately hire my staff and me to organize big charity events and manage the money from them. I do most of the work from my computer and phone. My clientele keeps growing all the time and pretty soon I may have to hire more staff.” He looks at me proudly and smiles.
“Wow that sounds great! You must be good at what you do,” I say biting my fingernail. “Why do you say that?” He asks. 
“Hmm, well, if you’re getting more clients all the time you must be doing something right.” I look down at my hands in my lap and then back up at Jesse. “Well, I guess what I don’t know is, where do you live? I mean, you don’t live at your safe house, or do you? I guess there’s still a lot I don’t know about you?” I sound and look confused.
Again Jesse squirms in his chair. “I really haven’t been too forthcoming, have I?” I shake my head. He takes his hand and places it on my face, his thumb rubbing my cheek. “And you have been so sharing, so giving, about your life.” He smiles.
“Baby, I pretty much don’t have to worry about money to live on. Let’s just say I can live very comfortably. I love what I do with the charities. It keeps me occupied and I do attend some of them to keep up appearances and relationships with my clients. But if I didn’t work a day in my life, I still wouldn’t need money. My mom was a wealthy woman from when she was married to my birth father. I inherited it all when she died. I started the company five years ago, mainly out of boredom. In the first year it was horrible. I couldn’t find the right staff, no one I hired was competent or could be trusted. Then when Betsy applied, my assistant and right hand, everything just took off. Between us, the next three years we were booming with clients. So much that Betsy didn’t mind that I took off to find mom’s killers. She took on almost everything while I was gone. She would call me and give me updates or ask questions if she needed help.”
I looked at him with admiration. “Wow, Jesse. Your dad and Allie must be so proud of you. How could they not? Look at what you have accomplished! I am so proud of you.” I smile.
He grabs me and throws his arms around me. He cradles my head as he kisses me. “You don’t know what that means to me,” he says in my ear.
We let each other go but he continues to hold my hand. “They are proud but dad flipped out when I told him I was going after mom’s killers. Allie did too but, she tried to understand.”
Stella chose then to come over and started to clear our dishes. “Pumpkin. Are you and Jesse going to stay at your apartment? I have been keeping it clean hoping you would be back some day,” she says with a sniffle.
Jesse looks at her and then at me. “Um, well, I was going to talk to you about that, Stella? Can you give us a few minutes?”
I look at Stella’s concerned face and smile at her. She smiles back, winks and walks away.
I turn in my seat so I am facing Jesse better. “What was that all about?” I asked him skeptically. 
He takes my hands in his. “Ahem. Well, on the way here I saw this house for rent. It’s just outside of town. I’d like us to go and see it. If it looks good I was thinking about renting it for us?” He clears his throat. “That is, if you want maybe to stay with me?”
My heart just melted. I mean right here it melted into a puddle on the floor.
I launch myself at him so hard he falls back with me and hits his head on the window sill. “Ouch!” He yells grabbing the back of his head. He starts laughing. 
“Oh, my God, Jesse! I’m so sorry! Are you ok?” I say giggling the whole time.
He stops laughing. “Is that a yes?” He asks seriously. I nod. “Then I am just perfect.”


Chapter twenty-six

The next morning we go to the house, and Jesse calls the number on the sign for the owner to come meet us.  He’s a burly man, maybe early thirties with a beard and an earring in one ear. He has black jeans on with a black shirt that has the sleeves cut off. Tattoos adorn his arms. 
He shows us around the two story house. It has three bedrooms, a nice sized family room, huge kitchen with eating area and separate dining room. We find that the basement is finished with a rec room, 2 bedrooms, full bath and a smaller room that’s perfect to use as an office. The backyard is really nice. It is fenced in with a deck off the kitchen.
“Names Buck.” He reaches his hand out, and Jesse shakes his hand. Jesse introduces us. Buck continues. “My parents owned the house. After they passed away and I moved back here a few weeks ago, I decided to rent it out since there is an apartment over the shop. I know it doesn’t have much furnishings but if you want to get all your own stuff just let me know and I’ll come around and pick everything up,” he says to Jesse. “I will do some maintenance, but if you can fend for yourself that would help me out. I own the new tattoo parlor in town, so I don’t have a lot of extra time to spare.” 
Buck clears his throat. “Well, I’ll give you all a little bit of time to look around on your own. I’ll just be out front making a couple of calls. Take your time.” And with that he leaves us.
We walk around for a while and end up in the kitchen. Jesse leans back against the counter and takes my hands. “Well, what do you think, baby?” He asks. I turn my head looking around the kitchen. “I love it! But, I really can’t afford much.” I look down shyly.
He lifts my chin with a finger and says, “You can work at the Café because I know you love the people there and if that’s what you want to do. If you don’t want to work at all, that’s ok by me too. But you don’t have to pay for anything. This is something I want to do for you. For us.” He leans forward and kisses me lightly. Sigh. 
I shake my head. “Jesse, you don’t have to pay for everything. I want to help out. I don’t want to feel like I’m a freeloader.” I smile. 
Jesse laughs. “I’ll tell you what, as long as you help me with the cooking and decorating this place to make it a home, you can do what you want with your money,” he says and he pulls me into his arms. I nod. “Deal!” We laugh.
Once we told Buck we would rent the house and Jesse gave him the deposit, he gave us the keys. We broke in the house properly by making love on the family room floor.

~*~*~*~

Later that evening we checked out of the hotel and went over to the Café for dinner. I told Stella and the girls that we rented the house and we all stood there screaming like girls and hugging. “Does that mean you’ll come back to work, pumpkin?” Stella asks. 
“I would like to, if that’s ok? I may just need a few days to get settled?” I shrug.
Stella gives me a big hug. “Of course it’s ok, honey. You just let me know when you’re ready, and I’ll add you to the schedule. I am so glad you’re back safe and sound.” 
Once the girls get back to work Stella gets close and softly says, “Um, any more stomach problems? Have you figured out for sure what that was?” She raises her eyebrows.
I look around and see Jesse sitting in our booth talking to Brenda. “Yeah, I am still getting nauseous off and on and no, I’m not sure yet, but I am going to take another pregnancy test tonight.” I look at her with tears in my eyes. “Stella, I’m scared.”
Stella hugs me and whispers, “Don’t be scared, pumpkin. We are all here for you and whatever happens, we love you.” I nod my head on her shoulder.
After dinner we do a little shopping at the furniture store. We try out the beds, laughing as we bounce on them and roll around. We order bedroom furniture, couches, chairs, a dining set, breakfast table and chairs, the works. It will all be delivered tomorrow afternoon.
After going grocery shopping we return home and start unpacking the bags. I am exhausted! When we are done, Jesse comes over and puts his hands on my shoulders, looking at me with concern in his eyes. “Baby? Are you ok? You look kind of pale.”
“I’m just really tired. All this running around today has me worn out,” I smile at him. “Do you mind if I just go to bed?” He lets out a sigh of relief. “No, you go ahead. I will just get some stuff done around here and then I’ll join you.” He gives me a kiss on my forehead. 
I go upstairs and find the pregnancy tests in his bag and take one into the bathroom. As I sit and wait for it to be done I think about what I am going to do if it shows positive. How will I know who the father is? I am so nervous. I know there is only a small chance it may not be Jesse’s, but I want to know for sure, to help put all the bad behind me.
After a few minutes, I look over at the test on the counter one eye closed and the other squinting. I’m not sure why I think that’s going to help. The test is glaring at me. ‘POSITIVE’, it shouts!
I sit down on the floor. Oh, my God! What am I going to do?

Chapter twenty-seven

The next morning Buck comes over with a couple of other men to remove all his furniture from the house. Once they leave Jesse and I thoroughly clean the house from top to bottom. The furniture is delivered at 1:00 that afternoon, and I am so excited to get the house to look like a home.
Of course, I am exhausted once everything is in its place, but we just had to christen our new bed right away! 
I have a hard time sleeping that night. I keep thinking about the fact that I am going to have a baby. I am not worried about being a mother at all even though I wasn’t planning to have any kids this early in my life. I’ve always wanted to have kids. I am more worried about who the father is, but I know I’ll love my baby no matter what. 
In the morning, while eating breakfast I am really quiet. “Baby? What’s wrong? You’re so quiet. Are you ok?” Jesse asks looking at me concerned.
Do I tell him? I’m so scared of his reaction. I know he said we would deal with this together and that he would love the baby no matter what but deep down I am afraid if it isn’t his then he’ll leave me.
I smile. “Everything’s great! You just really wore me out yesterday. Cleaning, getting all the furniture in their right places and the sex, WOW!  That really did me in.” I laugh a little.
Jesse changes his concerned look to a wide grin. He reaches over and cups my face rubbing circles on my cheek with his thumb. “That was amazing last night. I love you so much! You know that, right?” Jesse’s eyes are so full of love.
I sigh. How can I do this to him? What if the baby is not his? I need to talk to someone. I need Stella.
I look at Jesse. “I love you too, so much! I am so happy right now. I can’t believe after everything we’ve been through that we are sitting in our new home and that we’re together.”
Jesse and I clean up our breakfast mess together. I go up to take a shower and get dressed while Jesse goes into his new office down the hall to do some work.
I look at myself in the mirror. I don’t look any different. Ok, maybe I am a little pale probably from my sour stomach that I cannot get rid of. But I don’t really feel different.
Once I am done I tell Jesse I am going to go do a little shopping and have lunch with Stella.  He gives me a kiss that we both don’t want to end. We both laugh after pulling away from each other as he says, “We will definitely be picking that up later. So don’t be too long.” He winks.
“Oh, I’ll hurry,” I say. “Can I have the keys to the car?”
Jesse digs in the pocket of his jeans and hands me the keys as well as some money. “Get what you want, baby. Dang, that’s something else we need to go shopping for. A car for you. Maybe we can do that later tonight or tomorrow, ok?” I nod and kiss him on the cheek.
I park by the strip mall and find a shop that has a lot of things to decorate with. I walk around inside looking at all the different pictures they have on their walls. I want to find some things to give our house a homier feel. 
I find a few things I like and pay for them. I am hoping to get a camera and take some pictures of us and our new life together to frame and place around the house too.
I get to the Café around 11:30 and find a booth. Stella comes out from the back shortly after and tells Brenda she is taking her lunch break. Of course Brenda sees me and runs over to give me a hug. As Stella sits down she looks at Brenda. “Ok, ok, you saw your girl. I will have the turkey club and a sweet tea. Cassie?” She looks at me. 
“I’ll just have the salad with chicken, please. Oh, and a diet coke,” I say to Brenda. She writes down our orders and walks away. 
“Pumpkin, you need to eat more than that. You are skinnier than a toothpick,” Stella says shaking her head.
I laugh. “I know. Geez, it’s not like you haven’t told me that a gazillion times.” I roll my eyes. 
I clear my throat and look around the Café.  Not many people are here yet. We are pretty early before the lunch crowd starts coming in.
I look at Stella and the tears start to form. “Stella, I’m pregnant. I don’t know what to do. I’m so scared. I know I will love this baby no matter what, but I’m so afraid that when I tell Jesse, he’ll want nothing to do with me,” I say quickly.
Stella reaches over the table and takes my hand. She looks into my eyes with a frown. “Pumpkin, it will be ok. I can tell Jesse loves you. Didn’t you say he told you no matter who the father is that he will love the baby?’
I nod at her with a tear rolling down my cheek. “But, Stella. You know how my life has been. Something will happen to mess it up, it always does.” I sniff. “It just seems like when anything goes right in my life, something comes along and ruins it. I’m scared that will happen. I-I can’t lose him, Stella. I love him so much.”
“Hey, hey now. You stop this right now! I mean it, Pumpkin. You’re a good person. You’re the most caring and loving person I know. You are going to make a wonderful mommy and I truly believe that Jesse will be a great daddy.” She smacks my hand lightly. “Now, you go to the bathroom and freshen up. Go on!” Stella looks at me with a smile. “Everything will be just fine. Now, go on, go get cleaned up. I am going to write down my OB’s name and number for you. You need to make an appointment quick, ok?” I nod at her, get up and go to the bathroom.
I am feeling a little better when I get home from lunch. Stella always has had a way to make me see things in a better way, giving me hope.
I find Jesse asleep on the couch. I get on my knees in front of him and quietly stroke his hair. He stirs, half opens his eyes, and looks into mine. 
He grabs my other hand and pulls me up and on top of him. I giggle as I get situated on him. He takes my hair that is hanging down between us and wraps it behind my ear. Then, he pulls me down and crashes his lips to mine. We both moan. 
As we kiss he starts to unbutton my shirt. I tug on his t-shirt, trying to pull it up. He stops our kiss sitting up enough to grab the back of his shirt, yanking it over his head, and throws it on the floor beside the couch. As I start to finish unbuttoning mine, he moves my hands away and finishes for me.
We are looking into each other’s eyes as he pushes my shirt off one shoulder and then the other. He removes my shirt and throws it by his.
We are still staring at each other as he reaches behind me and unclasps my bra throwing it over his shoulder. 
My head goes back, and I close my eyes as he cups my breasts with his hands. I moan and arch my back pushing my breasts into his hands even more. With one hand on my left breast, he takes the other and places it on my waist. He leans down and sucks my nipple into his mouth. I moan as he nips and sucks while kneading my other breast. 
I grab the back of his head and pull him closer as my body flames with desire.
“Ugh! Jesse!” I pull his head back and hear a POP as he releases his mouth from me. I look at his eyes, mine half-mast. “Now! I need you inside me now, please,” I beg.
Jesse reaches under me and pulls out a condom from his pocket. I lift as he pulls off my pants and underwear while I am popping the button of his jeans. Anxiously, he removes my hands and pulls his jeans down. Once he has the condom on, I slide down on his cock.
“Ohhh,” I moan. He is much deeper in me this way and is hitting my soft spot each time I move. I lean over, my hair is shrouding our faces, and I kiss him passionately. Our tongues move wildly as we both reach our climax. I am left panting on top of him as I fall onto his chest. He pumps into me a few more times as our blissful ride comes back down to reality.



Chapter twenty-eight

Later that evening we are sitting around watching TV. I have been very quiet all night, lost in my thoughts of my pregnancy and how to tell Jesse.
When Jesse comes back from the kitchen with popcorn, he turns to face me as he sits. “Ok, what’s going on? You’ve been too quiet. I can tell something is eating at you. You have this faraway look on your face, and I know you haven’t been paying attention to the movie, or anything else for that matter,” he says as he takes my hand. 
I turn towards him with tears in my eyes. I can’t stop them from running down my face. Dang, I’m such a crying mess anymore. “Baby, baby. What’s wrong? You know you can tell me anything. You look so scared,” Jesse says as he reaches up and cups my face in his right hand.
My chin is quivering now. “I. I. I took another pregnancy test yesterday.” I swallow hard. Oh, my God, help me! I swallow hard. “Jesse? It was positive.”
I look into his eyes trying to gage his reaction. He smiles. He smiles? Huh? Not what I was expecting at all.
“Wow! Baby! That’s awesome! I am so happy!” He yells as he grabs me into a crushing hug. He pushes me away quickly with his hands on my shoulders. “Oh, sorry!  Did I hurt you? I guess I am just more excited than I thought.” He laughs. 
I am sitting there, tears still streaming, and I am looking really confused. “You’re really happy about this?” I ask.
Now Jesse is the one that looks confused. “Why wouldn’t I be happy? You’re gonna have a baby. I’m ecstatic!!!” He says searching my eyes. He slumps his shoulders and looks deflated now. “You’re not happy about this,” he says as a statement, not a question.
I shake my head. “No, I am happy, truly. But, Jesse? How will we know if it’s your baby or- or-or not yours?” I ask him pleadingly.
He holds me close and tight. “Baby, we will find out but either way, I will love this baby because it’s a part of you. If it’s not mine, we will have other chances to have our own. Now,” he says pulling back and looking at me with concern, “you need to not worry about that, at all. You’re mine and there is nothing in this world that can happen to change that. I mean it, Cassie.”
I am crying harder now, reaching for him and putting my arms around his neck. “I was so scared to tell you. I can’t lose you. I would die without you, Jesse,” I cry into his chest.
“Baby, shhhh. You’ll never lose me. You’re stuck with me forever. Don’t you ever forget that,” he says laughing. He pulls back a bit, “Hey, now. No more tears unless they are happy tears, ok? We need to get you to a doctor soon and have them make sure everything is ok with you and the baby, right?”
I am now wiping my eyes with my hands, still sniffling. “Yes, I have a phone number for one that Stella gave me. I’m sorry that I told her first, but I needed someone to talk to.”  
He shakes his head. “No, baby. I understand and Stella’s like your mom. It was good that you went to her,” he says as he hugs me again. “I’m so proud of you, my brave girl.” 
As I move back I see his eyes now have tears in them too. I put my hand on his cheek. “You’ve saved me again, Jesse. I love you so much.” I kiss him lightly. He leans forward and kisses my forehead. “I will always save you when you need saving, baby. I am your savior, forever.”

~*~*~*~

The next morning I call Stella’s OB, well mine now too, and they were able to get me in that afternoon. I am so relieved. Jesse insisted that he go with me. Hell, who am I to argue? I want him there so I definitely didn’t put up a fuss.

~*~*~*~

After peeing in a cup and being thoroughly examined, we are sitting in a small office in front of Dr. Zellar. He is an older man, gray hair, wide rimmed glasses, but looks like a nice man, almost fatherly.
With a smile on his face he rubs his hands together. “Well, congratulations are in order. It’s a little too soon to determine a due date. I am going to have you come back in two weeks to check you again. But if I were to guess due to what you put in your paperwork,” he says looking at the paper, “I would say sometime towards the end of December.” He smiles over to me and Jesse. 
Jesse looks over to me and smiles with a wide grin. He takes my right hand and squeezes.
“Here are prescriptions for prenatal vitamins and something for your upset stomach,” he says leaning over to give me the scripts. 
The doctor clears his throat and lays down the paper. He pulls his glasses down a bit and looks at me with concern. “I’m sorry I have to ask about this, but I noticed in your information that you have been sexually assaulted recently.” I nod slowly. “Were you checked out after, was everything ok physically?”
“Um, yes. Everything was ok. Dr. Zellar, is there a way you can test to see if the baby is Jesse’s?” I ask pleadingly.
Dr. Zellar looks at Jesse, then back at me and smiles. “Actually, yes there is. We simply take a blood sample from you and Jesse and run a DNA test. They are very accurate with the latest technology. Also, at that time, I would like to do an ultrasound. After all the stress you’ve been under it’s a good idea to check and make sure your baby is doing ok.”
I look at Jesse and smile. Finally, I could find out for sure who the father is. I am actually hopeful for once.
Jesse looks over to the doctor. “So, how far along does she need to be in order to do this test?” 
The doctor smiles at Jesse. “She needs to be at least 9 weeks along in her pregnancy and by her test today and her information,” he looks at the papers again, “she may be only a few weeks along. You can just make an appointment on your way out to have the test done in 6 weeks.”
 I smile at him, then at Jesse. “Um, Jesse? Can I have just a few minutes alone with Dr. Zellar?” He nods at me and leaves the room.
“Ahem, doctor, um, Jesse and I have only had unprotected sex once.” I am so uncomfortable talking about this. “So, um, is there even a chance that the baby can be Jesse’s?” 
He leans forward and rests his elbows on his desk, clasping his hands. “Cassie, if you were ovulating at that time and there was no protection, then yes, the baby could be Jesse’s. But the test will tell us for sure. It is such a small chance that it wouldn’t be because of the Morning-After-Pill you took. Try not to worry.”
I am feeling more hopeful and relieved by the time we get home. We have a quiet dinner and go to bed early. I am exhausted.
I slowly awake to a loud banging. It sounds like someone is beating on our front door. I look over at the clock on the dresser. 3 AM? What the fuck? Jesse stirs in the bed behind me and I feel his arm tighten around my body. “Who the hell can that be,” he asks in my hair. I start to move to get up but his arm pulls me back into him. “No, baby. You go back to sleep. I’ll go get rid of whoever is knocking down our door,” he says quietly.
I sigh and snuggle into his warm body. “Um, baby?” He laughs. “You have to let me get up.” 
I groan, “But you’re nice and warm. I’m cold and you feel so good.” He whispers in my hair, “I’ll warm you back up when I get back.”
I finally move a bit so he can get out of bed. I start to drift off but hear him yelling as he opens the front door. It gets quiet, and I can’t hear anything anymore. Ok, now I am more than curious.
I get up, put my robe on and head to the stairs. I stop abruptly as I look down and see Allie standing in front of Jesse. He has his arms around her and I can hear her crying into his chest and blubbering on about something. What the hell?
I watch Allie and Jesse walk towards the family room as I descend the stairs. Once I get there they are sitting on the couch. Allie has quieted down now and is sitting there sniffling.
I grab a Kleenex from the end table and hand it to her. She stands and envelopes me in a hug. “Oh, Cassie. I am so sorry to wake you guys up. But-But I didn’t know where else to go.” She starts crying again. I look at Jesse who is clearly concerned for his sister. I push her back and ask her, “What’s wrong Allie? Are you ok?”
She shakes her head, sits back down and blows her nose. “Dad and I got in the biggest fight. I told him I wanted to leave and pursue my writing and he went crazy! He told me I would never make it writing, that I am stupid for wanting to try and if I leave his company he won’t have anything to do with me ever again!” She is blubbering now through her tears.
I sit in between her and Jesse and put my arm around her shoulder, patting it while trying to console her.
Jesse leaves us to get Allie a glass of water. “Allie, surely he doesn’t mean that? What father wouldn’t want anything to do with their child, really?” 
Allie wipes her nose and turns to me. “Oh, Cassie.  He can be so mean sometimes, especially if he doesn’t get what he wants. He doesn’t want me to leave his company. I am the hardest working employee he has.”
Jesse returns and gives her the water and sits back down by me. He puts his arm around my shoulder and pulls me to him. I lay my head on his shoulder.
“Allie. Don’t worry about dad. You need to do what’s best for you, what you want. Life’s too short not to be happy and go after your dreams.” Jesse looks at me and whispers in my ear. I nod and smile. He then looks back at Allie. “We have plenty of room here Allie. It’s a perfect place to write your book.  You can just stay here until you get on your feet.” Jesse smiles at her and then at me and winks.
Allie looks at us both, biting her nail. “Oh, I dunno. You guys are just starting out. You don’t need a third wheel hanging around.” She smiles shyly. 
“Nonsense,” I say taking one of her hands in mine. “You’re like the sister I always wanted. We want you to, really. We don’t mind at all. You can take a bedroom in the basement, more privacy that way. It’s quiet and there’s a smaller room you can use as an office for writing. It’s like an apartment down there.”
Allie sighs, stands and lunges at us putting an arm around us both. “Oh! You guys are the greatest!” Jesse and I both laugh.
Once she releases us from her death grip, Allie sits back down beside me. Jesse looks at her and asks, “Ok, so when do you want to go and get your things?” Then he looks over at me. “I can just take her so you can get some rest, maybe start back at the Café, if you want. We’ll only be gone a few days. You ok with that?”
Allie interrupts, “No! I have all my stuff with me!” She smiles. 
“Huh? How?” Jesse starts to ask her.
“I left after the fight and took everything I need. I was so mad that I had already decided to leave. It wasn’t until I started driving that I decided to come here. I just needed you guys.” She shrugs.
Jesse leans back into the couch, and I let out a huge yawn. Jesse laughs and kisses my hair. “Ok. It’s late or I should say really, really early. Why don’t we get some sleep and then I will help you unload your car in the morning?” He smiles at Allie. “Late morning.”
We all stand. “Sounds good to me. I am beat! Thanks so much for taking me in and helping me out. I’ll just go get my small bag.” And with that she starts walking to the front door.
I get up and stop her, giving her a hug. “It’s no problem, Allie. We are glad to help. The bed is made down there so go ahead and get a good night sleep. We will talk more in the morning.” I laugh. “Or, when we get up.”

Chapter twenty-nine


It’s close to noon when Jesse fixes us a huge breakfast. He sets everything up everything buffet style on the island counter.
“Hmmmm, everything looks and smells delicious,” I say looking up at Jesse as he holds me in his arms.  He gives my mouth a peck. “Nothing but the best for my girls,” he chuckles.
Shortly after we sit down to eat Allie walks in yawning and gives us a small wave. She makes her way to the coffee pot, pours herself a cup and leans back against the counter. Taking a sip she closes her eyes. “Hmmmm, that’s just what I needed.” 
After grabbing a plate and filling it with food she sits next to Jesse and begins to eat. “I will cook dinner. It’s the least I can do. I can pitch in with cooking, cleaning, whatever you guys need me to do. I have some money. I cleaned out my account on the way out of town, so I can give some money for rent too,” she says with a mouth full of food. She looks at us, swallows then smiles.
Jesse swallows while shaking his head. “Nope, not needed, sis. Really, don’t worry about that, save your money for what you really need it for. You need to buy a desk and whatever for your writing so use it for that and any other expenses you have, ok?” I nod at him in agreement.
With tears in her eyes she smiles. “You’re the best brother I’ve ever had.” 
Jesse laughs with a smirk, “I’m your only brother, but thanks.”
I look at Jesse, raise an eyebrow and cock my head. He nods and winks at me knowing what I am about to say. “Um, Allie? There’s something I want to tell you.” Jesse clears his throat and looks at me. “I mean that WE want to tell you.” I smile. Allie turns in her seat towards me and gives me her complete attention.
“So, we found out yesterday that I’m pregnant.” I say with a small smile. Allie starts to stand up but I wave her off so she sits back down looking confused. “Allie, we’re not sure yet if it’s Jesse’s baby, if you know what I mean. We are gonna have a DNA test done in 6 weeks and they will do an ultrasound then too, just to make sure the baby is ok.” I look at her with sadness in my eyes.
So quick I didn’t know what was happening, Allie is holding me and rocking me back and forth. She says in my ear, “Congrats! Oh, my God!  I am gonna be an Aunt!” She is squealing now in my ear. Owwww!!
She looks over at me smiling wide. “Cassie. I will love that baby and be the best Aunt no matter what you find out. I will be there for you all the way!”
I am so relieved now. I can’t believe how much support I have from my friends. I should have never doubted them.

~*~*~*~

After we unload Allie’s car, we take Jesse’s SUV to go find a desk. I cannot believe how full her car was. Not one more thing could have fit in there.
Once Allie picks out her desk and accessories Jesse tells us he wants to go into the computer store next door and look around.  Allie and I decide to walk down the street, so I tell Jesse we will meet him at the Café in a half an hour.  
As Allie and I are walking down the street she abruptly stops me with her hand on my arm. She is staring at a tattoo parlor, called Buck’s Tattoos. Original, I think to myself and grin. 
Allie looks over at me. “I’ve always wanted a tattoo. Let’s go in and look around.”
“Ok, we can go but we’re not buying anything right now, Allie. We don’t have time since we are meeting Jesse,” I smirk. She smiles and nods at me.
We walk inside, and I am mesmerized by all the tattoos that are adorning the walls. I walk over to a wall and begin perusing them. 
“G’Day, ladies. How may I help you this fine day,” a sexy deep voice says from behind me. I spin around to see where that sexy voice came from and there stands a man with a large build and sandy brown hair that reaches to his shoulders. He has tattoos adorning his arms. I can only see his back as he is facing Allie. 
Allie quickly looks over to me and then back at him. “Um, hi. This IS a fine day,” she says as she is grinning ear to ear. Oh my!
She moves closer to him and reaches out her hand. As he takes it, she begins shaking it. “I’m Alexa. Allie to my friends.” I roll my eyes and giggle. He continues to shake her hand all the while staring into her eyes. 
“Well, aren’t you the beaut, Miss Allie,” he says in an accent that sounds familiar. Australian, maybe?
Allie blushes so much she is beginning to look like she has a severe sunburn. I giggle again.
He looks over at me quickly. Still shaking Allie’s hand he says to me, “And what is your name, lovely lady?” 
“I’m Cassie. Nice to meet you.” I reach my hand out and wait for him to take mine. But he just stands there smiling at me still shaking Allie’s hand.  I look down at their hands and back up to his eyes. He realizes that he hasn’t let go of her hand.
He turns back to Allie and finally releases her hand, his smile spreading even wider. “Oh! Sorry!” He says laughing, turns and shakes my hand. “I’m Shane Barton. Nice to meet you lovely ladies.” He drops his hand quickly.
Now that I get a better look at him can you say HOT?  He is wearing black jeans and a black t-shirt. His eyes are a dark brown, so dark they almost look black. The dimple to the right of his mouth really stands out when he smiles. 
Turning back to Allie he looks up and down her body, slowly, eventually coming back to meet her eyes. “So,” he says rubbing his hands together, “are either of you interested in getting a tattoo? We do fine work here.”
“Actually,” I speak up, “I have been thinking about getting a tattoo, and I actually know what I want and where but I can’t for a while. Sorry, but I would like to look through your books to see if you might have what I am looking for, if that’s ok?”
He turned to me and nods. “Sure! No problem. Step right over here to the counter and hopefully we have what you want.  If not, if you can bring me a picture of it,” he says guiding me to the counter. Allie follows us and stands next to me at the counter. 
“Um, do you have any books with symbols? I know the one I want,” I ask. Shane nods and pulls out a book from underneath the counter. 
“I’ll just give you ladies some time. I have another book in the back that might have what you’re looking for in case that one doesn’t,” he says as he turns and walks to the back of the store.
I open the book and begin looking through the pages of symbols. Allie nudges me on my arm. “I didn’t know you wanted to get a tat. How cool! I’ve wanted to get one for a long time but haven’t found the one that I really want to get yet. That and my dad would have freaked.” 
“Hey, Allie? Please don’t tell Jesse. I mean I wouldn’t ask you to lie to him or anything but just don’t share, ok? I want to surprise him. Of course I can’t get it until after the baby is born. Can you keep a secret that long?” I say while smirking.
Allie crosses her heart with her finger. “Mum's the word, sista,” she says winking.
“Ah! What’s the secret? I won’t tell,” Shane says waggling his eyebrows. I giggle as I look up at him. He hands me another book, and I quickly begin to thumb through it. After several pages, I slam my finger down. “Oh, my God! That’s it! This one right here!” We all look down at where my finger is and it’s the heart shaped symbol that Jesse has on his arm.
Allie grabs the book and looks at it closer. “That’s the same one Jesse has!” She smiles at me. 
“I know! I want it so bad but smaller, on my wrist.” Allie nods her approval. I turn to Shane. “Can I get this one but smaller to put on my wrist?”
Shane turns the book around to face him. “Hmmm, sure, that would actually work really well there,” he says looking at my wrist. 
“Well, now you know my secret,” I giggle. “I don’t want my boyfriend to know about it until after I get it.” I swallow hard and look down. Boyfriend? Well, yeah I guess he is my boyfriend. I have just never said it out loud before. Sounds really great! I smile to myself. Sigh.
Allie finds a symbol for everlasting love and screams, “OMG!  I found one I want!”
I look down at where she is pointing. It has a detailed design in the middle down through the center and coming out at each side. It’s really quite beautiful.
Shane looks at it and then back up at Allie. “That’s one of my best designs for everlasting love. Your boyfriend will really like that.”
She looks down and speaks softly. “I don’t have a boyfriend. I want it because I write romance novels and I love that symbol.”
Shane clears his throat, and I can tell he is trying not to smile. He looks like he’s relieved? Hmmmm.
“Can I schedule to have that one done, please?” Allie asks. Shane proceeds to ask her how big she wants the design and where she wants it. She tells him not too big, but she would like to have it on her back right below her left shoulder blade. Shane smiles and they make the appointment for a couple of days later.
Allie looks at me. “I’m gonna keep this a secret too and surprise Jesse,” she giggles. I roll my eyes and smile.
Once we are done there, Allie and I walk to the Café to meet Jesse for dinner. Of course, I can’t walk in without giving my girls and Stella a hug. Peter waives from the kitchen and winks at me.
We have a nice dinner and talk about Jesse purchasing a new laptop for Allie in which she accepts, hugging Jesse, which leaves her smiling all night.

~*~*~*~

Allie is settling into her room while Jesse and I snuggle on the couch talking when his phone rings. He reaches across me and retrieves it from the coffee table swiping the front.
“Oh. It’s dad. I’ll take it in the other room.  I don’t think this is gonna be a pleasant call.” I grab his arm as he gets up. “You know you don’t have to leave unless you want to,” I smile. He bends and kisses me on my head. “I know, baby. It’s ok. I won’t be but a few minutes,” he smiles back and leaves the room.
After hearing Jesse yelling into his phone for 30 minutes he comes in telling me he is going to bed with a quick kiss to my forehead.  Well, that couldn’t have gone well.
Before he leaves, Allie comes upstairs. “Geez, Jesse. I could hear you yelling all the way down in my office. Don’t tell me, that was dad.” She is standing with her arms crossed over her chest in a huff.
Jesse looks down and shakes his head. He raises his eyes up to hers. “Yeah, he wants you to come home. Says you won’t take his calls. He thinks you’ve gone insane or something.” He chuckles. “I told him to let you be, to let you do what you need to do.” 
“And? What did he say,” she asks questioningly.
Jesse lets out a big sigh. “You know him. He’s pissed. Says you should get your ass back there and get back to work.”
Allie shakes her head sadly. When she looks up she is determined. “Yeah well that isn’t gonna happen. I’m my own boss now and I say what I will do and won’t do.” She stomps her foot on the floor. 
“I get ya,” Jesse says. “But you know he’ll come here eventually and try to get you back home.” Allie sighs, “Yeah, I know.” With her head down she goes back down to her room.

Chapter thirty

A couple of days have gone by, and I am back at work at the Café. I’m getting excited to go with Allie tomorrow to watch her get her tattoo. Maybe it will make me less nervous when I finally get mine.
After an exhausting day, I go home, put my feet up on the couch and fall asleep. I awake to someone rubbing my feet. Oh, my! That’s nice.
I open my eyes half way and see Jesse concentrating on my feet in his lap. “Hmmmm, that feels so good, babe,” I say smiling. He looks over at me and gives me that award winning grin. “I thought your feet could use a good massage after being on them all day.” Wow!  I am the luckiest girl in the world!
After dinner, Jesse decides to do some work, so he heads into his office. Allie and I are lazing around in the family room. 
“Will you go with me tomorrow to get my tattoo?” Allie half whispers to me. 
I nod. “Of course I will!  I can’t wait to see it!”
“I can’t wait to get it done,” Allie says as she bounces in her seat.
I roll my eyes. “Yeah, you can’t wait to see Shane again.” I sing his name and then giggle. She throws one of the small couch pillows at me. “Hey, watch it!” I say laughing.
“What’s so funny?” Jesse asks walking into the room with a glass of iced water for me. I sit up quickly from my slouched position and reach for the glass. “Oh, um, nothing.” I giggle. “Allie’s just being goofy.” I look at her and slightly shake my head.
“Yep, that’s me goofy,” she said as she stands. “Well, I’ll see you guys in the morning. I’m beat.” She lets out a fake yawn. Real subtle.
After Allie leaves the room Jesse sits next to me, picks me up, and sets me on his lap so that I am straddling him. He takes my face in his hands and kisses me. “Mmmmm. So what was that all about?” He asks. 
I sit back a bit. “What do you mean? She was just being silly, you know, throwing pillows at me. That kind of stuff.”
He leans to me and kisses me again but deeper this time. “Ummm, hmmmm. Just what kind of stuff?” He says on my mouth. 
I push against him a little as I kiss him back. “Mmmmm, just girl silly stuff.” Dang he’s nosey but he can keep trying to get it out of me this way all he wants.
“Mmmmm.” (Smack) “Mmmmm. So there’s nothing you want.” (Smack) “To tell me?” (Smack), he says as he kisses me. 
We are kissing with so much passion now I can’t talk even if I wanted to. Which I don’t. 
We stop, our foreheads pressed together, breathing hard. I lunge at him kissing him hard. As he picks me up, I wrap my legs around his waist, and he carries me up to our bedroom.
He lays me on our bed and covers me with his body. We never break from our kissing as he reaches up my shirt. He breaks away long enough to whisper in my ear. “Tell me. Tell me what you two are up to.” What?
I look into his eyes. “Huh? What?” He kisses me again and it gets heated with desire, then he pulls away again and whispers, “It’s ok, baby, you can tell me.” Oh, my God! Seriously? He wants to have a conversation now?
I look at him incredibly dumbfounded. “I don’t have anything to tell you, babe. Seriously!”
So what does he do? He starts tickling me. I am laughing and squirming. “Jesseeeeee! Jesseeeeee, stopppppp!” I am laughing so hard now I can hardly talk. “I’m-I’m-I’m gonna peeeeee if you don’t stooppp!” I am dying here!
He is laughing so hard now too that he falls over onto the bed by my side, and I roll with him. We are laughing and breathing heavy.
“Oh, my God! My sides hurt!” I laugh. We lay there tangled up in each other’s arms and legs. Our laughter dies down as we stare at each other. 
Jesse reaches over and brushes hair away from my face and then lays his hand over my cheek. “I love you so much,” he whispers. I lean over and kiss him on the mouth. “I love you too, Jesse. So much.”

~*~*~*~

Allie and I walk into Buck’s Tattoo Parlor around 11:00 the next morning. I am so nervous for her. A young man walks in from the back and notices us looking at the tattoo pictures on one of the walls. “Ahem, can I help you all with something?” He asks.
We both turn around and see a man with tattoos down one arm, a piercing in one of his eyebrows and shaggy black hair that hangs past his ears and across his forehead, covering one eye. The one eye I can see is so light blue they almost look clear. He is wearing black leather pants and a vest with no shirt on. Hmmm.
I reach over and push up Allie’s mouth since it was hanging open. She turns and smirks at me. “Yes, my name is Cassie Morelli and this is Allie Richards. She has an appointment with Shane.”
He nods, walks over to the counter and looks at the appointment book laying there. “Yep, she sure does,” he smiles. “Shane should be back in a couple of minutes. He went over to the coffee shop to get us some caffeine fixes.” Again with the smile. I have to admit it is a nice smile with very beautiful, very straight white teeth.
“Thanks, we’ll just sit here and wait,” Allie says as she walks over to the seats in the front. He walks around the counter and leans back on it, crosses his arms and legs then winks at me. Is he flirting? 
“Names Tucker, some call me Tuck.” He looks directly at me. I look at Allie, and she shrugs. Allie looks at him and clears her throat. “Nice to meet you Tucker,” she says.
“Nice to meet you both. We’re new in town, just opened up a few weeks ago,” he says smiling at me again. I shift in my seat. “Yeah, I know. My boyfriend and I rent a house from Buck,” I say smiling.
He looks at me with a blank look. Shane walks in as I am talking. He looks at Tucker, back at me, then at Tucker. He shakes his head, laughing, walks over to Tucker and slaps him on the back. “Tuck, I see you met Allie and Cassie. Back off, boy. That one’s taken,” he says pointing at me.
Shane takes me and Allie back to his area and points to a restroom where Allie can change into a robe. When she comes back she lays on his chair, face down.  Shane pulls her robe down uncovering only her left upper back and applies her tattoo stencil. 
I bite my bottom lip and hold Allie’s hand as he works on her tattoo. Once he’s done he tells Allie she can look in the full length mirror on his wall. She turns slightly to see it and gasps. “Oh, wow! That’s incredible. I love it!” She runs over to him and hugs him. He looks at me startled but then shrugs and puts his arms around her. He goes over the aftercare with her, places gauze over it and we leave to go home.
“Are you going to show it to Jesse when we get home?” I ask her as I watch the road in front of me. She looks over at me and smiles. 
“Yes! I am so excited to show him,” she says almost bouncing in her seat.
“So now you can tell me. Did it hurt a lot?” I ask biting my lower lip.
She shrugs slightly. “Not really. I mean yes but not so bad that I wouldn’t do it again.” Hmmmm, ok then. Maybe it won’t be so bad when I have mine done.
Jesse is putting lunch on the table when we walk in. “Yum, salad with chicken, fruit, bread and veggie tray. This is amazing!” I stopped Jesse and gave him a peck on the mouth.
After lunch I am rinsing off dishes, when Jesse grabs my wrist. I half turn. “Jesse! I almost dropped the glass in the sink!” I laugh.
“I just missed you, baby,” he says as he kisses me.
“Ok you guys,” Allie says as she walks to the fridge with leftovers. We both look at her. “Jesse, I have something to show you.” With that she starts and pulls her shirt over her left shoulder.
Jesse looks really uncomfortable. “Wait! Wait! You’re my sister! What are you doing?”
I laugh as she continues. “It’s not what you think you pervert,” she yells. Once she has gotten enough of her shirt to show the tattoo and pulls off the gauze, she turns around in front of Jesse.
He reaches out and lightly touches it. “Sis, that’s actually really cool! What is that a symbol?”
She smiles. “It means everlasting love. I wanted something that would remind me of the romance novels I am writing and that there is such a thing.  Even though you and I both know how I don’t do the relationship thing.” Now she looks annoyed.
I put my hand on her arm. “Oh, Allie! There is a soul mate out there for you. I know there is.” Then I turn my head to look at Jesse. “Love just finds you when you least expect it.” Jesse smiles at me and mouth’s ‘I love you’.
Chapter thirty-one

We had a mad rush on Thursday at the Café. The house is quiet when I get home, so I take advantage and sit on the couch with my feet up on the coffee table. I lay my head back and groan. I am starting to drift off when I feel the couch shift next to me. I peek out of one eye and see Jesse sitting there with a huge smile on his face.
I turn my head slightly. “What?” He doesn’t say anything while he takes my hand and pulls me up. “Jesse? What are you doing? I’m tired,” I whine. 
He pulls me towards the stairs. “I know, baby, but I have a surprise for you. Now, you need to go upstairs, take a hot shower and put on some comfortable clothes.” 
I look at him questioningly. “Huh? Why? What are we doing?” I am trying to pull back but he turns me and pushes me up the stairs and to the bathroom. 
I don’t try to find out anymore because I really need a hot shower, so I take a very long one.
When I step out of the shower I see a pair of sweatpants, sweatshirt, socks, underwear, and bra lying on the counter. Hmmmm, nice!
After doing all my cleaning necessities I head downstairs. Jesse is coming out of the kitchen with a grocery sack. Huh? “Hurry, baby, go put on some shoes! We have to go or we’ll be late,” he says hurriedly.
“Late? Late for what? Jesse, what the hell?” I say as I am putting on my shoes. I barely get my tennis shoes tied, and he is pulling me up with one hand while holding the sack in the other. I can hardly keep up with him as we go out the front door. As soon as he locks the door, he pulls me down the front walk. When we turn the corner by the driveway. I stop dead in my tracks with my mouth hanging open.
“Surprise! Do you like it?” He says excitedly. I can’t speak. I’m in total shock. Finally, I close my mouth and jump on him squealing. He drops the sack on the ground by his feet quickly. “Oh, my God, Jesse! What did you do? I freaking love it!” I am hanging on to him so tight that I’m squeezing the life out of him.
He grabs my arms that are choking him and gently pulls them so they aren’t strangling him. He starts laughing. I slide down him but we stay interlocked. He looks down at me. “I hope you like it. I think it’s perfect for you and, soon, our family. It’s an early birthday present.” I think I am going to faint.
I turn around to look again and there sits a new red Jeep Cherokee. Oh. My. God! Jesse takes my hand, walks me to my new Jeep, and unlocks it. I slide into the driver’s seat. 
He bends over hanging one arm over the door and the other resting on my head rest. “It’s fully loaded. Everything is automatic, radio, Bluetooth for your phone, CD, sunroof, well just everything.”
I look at him slowly and laugh. “Phone? What phone?” He cocks an eyebrow. “You might want to check the glove box in your arm rest there.” He smirks.
I turn and open the glove box and there sits a new cell phone. Wow! I turn back and lay my hand on his behind me. “Jesse, I love all this but, babe, this is too much.” 
He pulls me out of the car and holds me. “No, this is just the beginning. I told you I was gonna spoil you,” he smiles, “and I meant it.” He leans down and kisses me. “Mmmmm.” I moan. He laughs in my mouth and pulls back. “Nope, not yet. All in good time. Right now? We are going to the drive-in. I packed all kinds of stuff to eat and drink. Do you want to drive?”
I look at him in shock. “Jesse, is the drive-in even open yet? It’s not quite spring yet.
He waggles his eyebrows at me. “I have connections. This, my love, is a private showing.”
I look at him and have a huge smile on my face. “No, I want to enjoy my new car so you get to drive.”
As we sit in my new car I think of how lucky I am. I hope it never ends. Sigh.
I actually fell asleep before the movie was over and Jesse had to carry me up and put me to bed. But I slept great!

~*~*~*~

The next afternoon we went to the mall, walking around hand in hand. We had a great time just being alone. When we arrive home and walk in the front door, we hear talking in the family room and go to investigate. There sits Shane with Allie on the couch. They both turn their heads as we walk in. 
Allie stands up quickly. “I hope you don’t mind that I invited Shane over.” I shake my head. “Of course not! This is your house too as long as you’re staying here,” I smile. 
Allie looks at Jesse, “Jesse this is Shane. Shane, this is Jesse.” She looks back and forth at them.
Shane stands and walks over to Jesse and shakes his hand. “Nice you meet ya, mate,” Shane says. 
Jesse smiles. “You’re not from around here, are you?” 
Shane laughs. “Well, actually I live in the apartments across town,” he smirks. “But, um, I’ve lived in the States most of my life but my Australian accent creeps in at times.” He laughs.
We all sit around, talk and drink for a while. Well they drink alcohol, I drink water. Jesse asks Shane to stay for dinner then he goes out back to start the grill. I watch as Allie and Shane seem to share these little secret eye contacts and smiles with each other. Hmm, I wonder. I grin to myself.
We chat during dinner getting to know Shane better. “So, what is Tucker like? He seems kind of, um, rough around the edges,” I ask Shane. Shane gives a little frown then turns to me. “Ah, well, Tuck has had sort of a rough life growing up. Parents were druggies and he fell into the wrong crowd at school. Ya know that kind of thing. But he’s a good mate, would do anything in the world for ya. Great tattoo artist and plays in a band on the side. Has a really good voice.”
I put my hand on Jesse’s knee. “He’s the other tattoo artist that we met when Allie got her tattoo,” I said trying to catch him up.
“Oh! He plays in a band? What kind of music? I love live bands,” I say excitedly looking back at Shane. He looks over at me and smiles. “Well now. They are a classic rock band. The crowd’s really love them and they get them all revved up when they play. They play over at Barton’s Bar. I know the owner personally if ya wanna go sometime and see them. I can get ya in free.” He winks at me.
“Is that the place that was closed down for so long on the corner by the coffee shop?” I ask. Shane nods.
Allie screeches. “Oh!  We have to go! When do they play next?” Shane gives Allie a wide grin. “They happen to play tomorrow night, if ya wanna go.”
Allie looks at me then proceeds to look at Jesse. I look at Jesse and give my cutest pout face. Shane and Jesse both start laughing. 
Jesse gets up to clear the table. “Well, I guess we’re going out tomorrow night,” he says matter of fact. Allie and I both jump up and down in our chairs.

Chapter thirty-two

The next night we head for the bar. It is freezing out and starting to snow. I hope it’s the last snow of the winter since we only have a week left until spring.
We get to the bar and there is a short line to wait in. When we get up to the front of the line. Jesse is ready to pay for us to get in, but Shane appears out of nowhere by the bouncer. 
“Nope, they get in free, anytime they come. Got me?” He tells the bouncer. The man nods and waves us in.
“Follow me,” Shane says and leads us to a big round booth that has a ‘Reserved’ sign on the table. It’s to the left of the stage with a great view. “Best seats in the bar.”
Allie smiles at him, and I swear I saw her batting her eyes at him. Nah! Must be the low lighting.
We all sit and soon a waitress comes to the table in a very low cut tank top, her breasts almost spilling out, with the bar's name on it and the shortest shorts I have ever seen. She looks at Jesse with a sexy grin, and she winks at him. I look at her and glare. Jesse orders our drinks giving her a smile back. I turn my attention to him and glare. What the hell? After the waitress leaves Jesse returns his attention back to me. I am still glaring. “Ahem, what’s wrong, baby?” He says casually. I turn my head so I don’t look at him. “Oh, nothing.”
Jesse chuckles while putting his arm around me, pulling me close. He leans down and whispers, “Baby, don’t. I only have eyes for you.” Then he kisses me on my head. 
I turn to him and kiss him back on his mouth. When I pull back I let out a big sigh and turn my head. “I’m sorry. I guess my hormones are already going a little crazy,” I say with a little laugh. 
His arm tightens around my shoulder. “Hey.” He puts his finger under my chin and turns me towards him. “Your hormones may be a little crazy but you aren’t. I love you and there is no one else in the world that I would rather be with than you.” He flicks my nose with his finger. “Know that. Trust that. Believe that.” I just sit there with tears in my eyes looking into his.
“What’s going on, you two? Quit with the lovey dovey eyes,” Allie laughs. “The band is going to be on soon.”
Jesse and I give each other a quick kiss and turn back to enjoy our friends. “So, how is it you can tell the bouncer to always let us in free, Shane?” Jesse asks. 
“Ahem, well, I actually own the place,” Shane says quietly. “It was my old man’s but he decided to move to Florida and sell it. So I bought it from him. I fixed it up and changed it a little, started having bands and it’s just taken off.” 
“Wow. That’s great. I’m impressed,” Jesse says as he reaches over and slaps Shane’s shoulder. Shane smiles. “Thanks, man.”
A loud scream makes me jump. Apparently, the band is coming onto the stage. Geez, I think my heart skipped a beat. 
Tucker saunters out first with an electric guitar hanging from its strap around his neck. He’s followed by the other three members of the band. They all have tattoo’s in different areas of their bodies, piercing’s and the drummer has a mohawk.
Tucker stands in front of the microphone and screams, “Hello Barton’s Bar!” The screams are so loud I swear I lost my hearing for a minute. “How is everyone tonight?” He yells. More deafening screams. “Are you ready to party with us?” Now there is a crowd of women and a few men who are standing on the floor in front of the stage. The women are screaming and jumping up and down in excitement.
Tuck turns his head to look at the rest of the band and nods and the drummer hits his sticks a few times and the music begins.
Their music is great! I don’t know this song. I wonder if it’s an original of theirs. We sit and listen to the band play for an hour. “You all ROCK!” Tuck shouts into the microphone. The crowd roars. “We’ll be back in a few minutes. Gotta get some drinks. Be ready to PARTY when we come back!” The crowd screams again. Oh, my God! I am never going to be able to hear again!
Making his way to our booth, Tuck gets mobbed by some women. He stops to chat here and there with them. Finally, he slides into the booth by Shane. 
“Whew! Great crowd tonight,” he says looking around at us. Shane pats him on the back. “You really bring them in for us, kid.  Business has really picked up since you all started playing here. I appreciate that!” He smiles at Tuck.
Jesse reaches his hand out to Tuck. “Jesse. Great music.  Are they your songs?” Tuck smiles and nods and shakes his hand. “Tuck, nice to meet you. It’s just something I do in my spare time. I get these words in my head and have to write them down.” 
Shane laughs, “Yeah, kind of bizarre.  He will be working on a tat on someone and all of a sudden he stops, jumps up and runs to get his pad and pen.” He laughs again. “Good thing we have nice customers who don’t mind him not coming back to finish for 20 minutes or longer sometimes.”
We all laugh with Shane. Jesse looks at me and winks then he looks at Tuck and asks, “Do you ever hire out or play at functions?” 
Tuck shrugs his shoulders. “Well, no one has ever asked that before.” 
Jesse smiles. “Well I own a company who helps organize charity functions for mega corporations and I know a few who would love your music.  Who knows, there might be some good publicity at some of those and some people who might be interested in your band. Would you and your band be interested?”
Tuck looks at Shane but talking to Jesse. “Not sure my boss would let me take off to travel.” 
Shane smiles at him and puts his hand on his shoulder and says, “Tuck, my man, if you need to travel just let me know in advance so Buck and I can cover for ya. I don’t see any problems with that.”
Smiling Jesse turns his attention back to Tuck. “Well I guess I will make some calls and see where that goes.” 
Tuck looks concerned and says, “Um, maybe I better get with my band first. Make sure everyone is up on this, but I think they all will be. Let you know?” Jesse smiles and nods.
I start feeling ill about an hour later. I’m freezing then I am so hot. I don’t know if it was the loud music, the heat in the bar due to the crowd or what. 
“Baby, are you ok? You look really pale,” Jesse asks in my ear. I feel like I am going to be sick, so I just shake my head a little. Jesse puts his arm around me. “Ok. You’re making me nervous. Baby? Can you answer me?”
I jump up and walk very fast around the corner and into the women’s bathroom. I barely make it into a stall and start throwing up. By the time I am almost done relieving the entire contents of my stomach, I hear Allie behind me talking quietly with soothing words, rubbing my back and holding my hair away from my face.
I stand but am very dizzy. Next thing I know I am in Jesse arms and he is kissing my head. “Allie can you get her purse and bring it to my car? Thanks.” I hear him talking, but I am so tired that it’s getting hard to keep my eyes open.
I am in the ‘right before you wake up’ state and I can feel something cold and wet on my forehead. When I open my eyes Jesse is sitting beside me on the bed with a frown on his face. I reach up and rub the frown lines on his forehead. “Jesse,” I croak, my voice is hoarse, “what’s wrong?” 
He takes the wash cloth off my forehead and puts the back of his hand on it. “You just about passed out at the bar, do you remember?” My eyebrow’s crease over my eyes as I shake my head.
“You’ve been running a little fever but you really have been making me nervous with how hard you’ve been sleeping. You feel a little cooler now.  How are you feeling?”
I yawn big and smile. “I think I feel better, just really tired. What time is it?” Jesse looks over at the clock on the night stand. “It’s almost 5:00 in the morning.” He smiles. I can see how tired his eyes are.
“Babe, thank you for taking care of me but come to bed. I’m ok, I promise and you will be right here with me.” He nods, gets undressed and climbs in bed beside me. I roll over to him and wrap my arm around his waist. I kiss his chest and snuggle into him.  He takes his hand and feels my forehead again then leans down and kisses me there. I barely close my eyes before I am asleep.


Chapter thirty-three

I called Stella the next morning and told her I had a bug and probably wouldn’t be at work Monday. She told me not to worry about it and not to even think about coming in on Tuesday unless I felt 100% better and to let her know. 
So I laid around all day Sunday on the couch napping on and off.  Jesse took care of me, bringing me soup, 7-up, Kleenex and lots of kisses. Every time he came in to bring me anything or just to check on me, he was always kissing my forehead, my cheek or the top of my head. I feel so loved and cared for.
By Monday afternoon, I pretty much feel back to normal and am so bored I am about to scream. I am sick of watching TV, so I go upstairs and creep down the hall towards Jesse’s office. I open the door slightly and look around the room.  Since Jesse’s desk faces the window, I can only hear his fingers tapping on his laptop.
Quietly, I push the door open and walk into the room until I am behind him. I wrap my arms around his chest and start kissing him on his neck. He bends his neck to the left to allow me more room. 
“Mmmmm.” I hear him moan. “Shouldn’t you be resting?” I keep kissing as I move around him. He pushes his chair back and I climb onto his lap, straddling him. He places his arms around me putting one hand on my lower back, the other on the back of my head.
“Mmmm, no.” (Kiss) “I’m done.” (Kiss) “Resting.” My mouth moves down to his chest as I move his shirt open, so I can kiss his flesh. He moans as I unbutton his shirt further and continue my kissing trail over his left pec then the right and circle his nipple with my tongue. 
The hand on my lower back moves around to the front and up my body until he is massaging my right breast. I moan this time as I nip on his nipple and suck. 
“Damn I wish you hadn’t gotten dressed today,” he says as he tries to pinch my nipple through my bra. I sit up and in one quick moment I pull my t-shirt over my head and remove my bra, discarding them on the floor. He leans down and begins sucking and biting my nipple. I throw my head back and moan loudly. My long hair is lying on his arm that is around my waist now. 
I bring my head back up and watch as he moves his mouth to my other nipple to give it the same attention. I reach down to rub his cock through his jeans, and I can feel it growing with every move of my hand. He lets go of my nipple with a pop and plants his mouth on mine while his hand grabs the back of my neck pushing my mouth into his harder. 
Never breaking our kiss, he lifts up from the chair and carries me to our bedroom, laying me across the bed. We are kissing furiously while helping each other to remove the rest of our clothes.
We stop kissing as he leans up from me looking deeply into my eyes, searching them. “Baby, we can’t hurt the baby doing this, right?” He asks concerned. “Or you either, right?” 
I look up at him and brush his fallen hair out of his eyes and smile. “No, honey, this won’t hurt either of us, I promise. Just please, please love me. Make love to me, please,” I whisper.
That was all the encouragement he needed. As he pushes his cock into me in one hard thrust we both moan out loud. “Baby, you feel so good,” he moans. 
We rock together as he leans down sucking on my nipple while his hand makes its way down to my clit, rubbing circles and giving it the pressure I need. My skin is flushed and my muscles stiffen. As my climax is reaching its peak the muscles inside squeezes his cock as my orgasm takes over my body. 
My high starts to dissipate but then Jesse pulls my legs up and over his shoulders allowing his cock to push in even deeper and with every thrust it starts hitting my g-spot. This seemed to make my orgasm last forever, but before it ended another orgasm overtakes me as Jesse thrusts harder. He stops. His body shuddering and he slowly moves in and out of me as we ride through our bliss together.
I watch him close his eyes, with his head tilted back, his body twitching. He is gorgeous and he is mine.
After his breathing slows he leans over me and kisses me softly. He looks into my eyes with love swimming in them. I wish I could take a picture of him this way. Beautiful.
Smoothing my hair with his hand. “You have the most beautiful cum face I have ever seen. I love watching you as you cum.” 
I smile and laugh a little. “Um, just how many cum faces have you seen?” 
He looks at me seriously. “Baby, I haven’t been with very many women, honest. And never, never without a condom until you, only you.” My mouth drops open. “Wow! Really? Ever?” I ask.
His eyebrows gather together. “Yes, ever.” Then his frown turns into a smile. He leans over and kisses me, our mouths moving in time with each other. He pulls back up looking at me tenderly. “I love you so much, Cassie. Marry me?”
What? Huh? Did I just hear him right?
I looked at him, cocking my head in confusion. 
“Uh, what?”
His smile is all teeth as he looks at me. “Marry me, Cassie. I love you. Marry me? We’ll see if we can buy this house or hell we’ll build a house however you want it, whatever you want. I love you and our baby. We can have more kids. We can get a dog!” 
Oh my! He’s getting carried away.
I start laughing and cover my mouth with my hand quickly. He looks down at me and frowns.
“No, babe. Honey, I’m not laughing at you. Well, ok, I am a little. But, Honey, you’re moving a little fast and getting a little carried away here,” I say quickly. I cup his face in my hands. “I love you too. More than anything. But can we slow down, just a bit? We still haven’t found out the test results and I feel weighed down with that right now. It’s not that I don’t want to marry you but can I have just a little time,” I ask holding up a hand with my finger and thumb just a little bit apart.
He smirks at me. “Well, ok, I guess I can give you a little time.” He holds his finger barely to his thumb. Smiling he caresses my face. “I will wait as long as you need me to as long as you marry me in the end. I love you more than my life.” He leans down and kisses me.
Rolling off me to his side of the bed he brings me with him. I snuggle in my favorite position. Sigh. This is my heaven. I fall asleep warm with the feelings of being loved and content.

~*~*~*~

Weeks have gone by, and it’s the day of my doctor’s appointment for the DNA test and ultrasound. I am a nervous wreck. Once we are in the room, I see that they had everything all set up to draw blood from each of us. 
I got a little light headed.  I know. I’m a light weight. And I am going to give birth? Oh, my!
Laying spread eagle on a bed with other people in the room is not the most pleasant experience. We are looking at a screen off to our side waiting for a glimpse of our baby. 
As Dr. Zellar moves the wand over my gelled belly he keeps letting out hmmm’s and ahhh’s. What the hell? All I can make out on the screen is nothing. I can’t tell what I am looking at and all I see is a monitor that looks like it has bad reception.
The doctor stops and looks up at us. “I have to ask. Do either of you have a history of twins in your family?” Jesse and I quickly look at each other. Jesse coughs. “On my mom’s side, yes. My grandmother was a twin, why?”
The doctor grins and laughs. “Well, because there are two babies in there.” He points to the screen at what I think are two little pea’s. “If you look very closely here you can make out two sacs, which means they are fraternal twins.” He looks at the nurse. “Please turn up the monitor volume.”
We all get very still and listen. “Can you hear them? Two heartbeat’s almost beating in unison. You really have to listen but there are two of them,” the doctor states.
I swallow hard and look over at Jesse.  He is grinning ear to ear. “Baby, are you ok? You look a little pale,” he asks me. 
“I. I.” I look back over to the doctor. “Are you sure?”
He nods and smiles. Jesse pulls his chair up as close as he can get to the bed and is squinting at the screen. “Can you tell the sex of the babies yet?” He asks.
“No, sorry. They are too little at this stage of the pregnancy to be able to establish their sex. We should be able to determine that in your second trimester. If we are lucky we will be able to tell as early as 14 weeks along but it could be any time after that. It depends also on when or if they cooperate by being in positions where we can tell,” he laughs. 
“That’s amazing,” I said looking at the screen.
The nurse proceeds to print off little snapshots of our babies and hands them to me. Jesse leans over my shoulder staring at them.
“Well,” the doctor says while standing, “I am going to leave you so you can get dressed. Since you’re having twins I will need you to set up two week appointments starting two weeks from today and then down the road we will switch you to weekly. With more than one baby we need to keep a closer eye on them. Congratulations again.”
Wow! I’m speechless, and I think in shock. On the other hand, Jesse stands and shakes the doctor’s hand and I think his smile is glued on his face.
Dr. Zellar had told us it will be a couple of days before we get the DNA test results but he said he would put a rush on them. He can tell I am nervous as I sit there fidgeting while he talks.
On the drive home, Jesse and I have decided to keep the twins as our secret. At least for a while.

~*~*~*~

I go back to work the next day and Stella pulls me aside. “So, your birthday is coming up in a few weeks and I know you hate celebrating it but can I ask a favor?” I nod slowly. Where is she going with this? “Um, well, can I throw you just a little birthday party here after hours?” She almost whispers. 
I roll my eyes. “Really? Do you have to?” I say exasperated. Stella smiles. “Of course, I have to. Come on, it will just be your friends, no one else, I promise!” I shake my head and she frowns. 
“UGH! Ok, but really small and no gifts! I mean it Stella!” Now I’ve done it. Stella is so excited I think she is about to explode.
When I arrive home I can hear Jesse talking to Allie. I try not to listen but it’s hard not to since they are in the family room. “You have to call him, Al. Seriously, he is blowing up my phone. You have to talk to him eventually,” Jesse says. 
“I will, I will. I’m just not ready yet. You know how he is, he will just yell at me and it won’t accomplish anything,” Allie answers. 
I walk in there and find them standing face to face, both seem aggravated. “Sorry to interrupt. Is, is everything ok?” I look at them both. They both turn to face me. Allie looks close to tears. 
Jesse walks over and takes my hands in his but turns his head towards Allie. “Dad just keeps calling MY phone because Allie won’t turn hers on.” 
Allie sighs. “Ok, OK! I’ll turn it on. I’ll call him so he will leave you alone. I’m sorry he keeps bothering you. I guess I will go downstairs and call him now.” She sadly walks out of the room with her head down.
Jesse looks at me after watching her leave. “Damn, now I feel like a bad brother.” I cup his face and smile. “No, babe. You are a great brother. You’ve been dealing with your dad to protect her. It’s just time she steps up and deals with him herself.” He leans into me and kisses me. “I love you, baby,” he whispers. I look into his eyes. “I love you too.”
Allie informs us that evening that she called their dad. “Oh, my God!  He wouldn’t even let me talk! I am so pissed right now! Then, he hung up on me. Seriously! He hung up on ME!” Sitting on the couch, Jesse and I are watching her pace back and forth in front of us, waving her arms as she speaks.
“Allie. Allie!” I scream. She finally stops and looks at me. “Honey, calm down. He will settle down now that he’s gotten that off his chest. Give him some time.” 
She looks at Jesse then back at me. “Sorry, but you don’t know dad. He’s. He’s. He’s impossible. Calming down will not help him.”
Jesse clears his throat. “Well, yeah, she’s right, baby. Dad is, well, hard to explain. When he doesn’t get what he wants, well, there’s no telling what he’ll do.” He looks at me and shrugs. 
“Well, then let’s just take one day at a time, shall we?” I smile at both of them in turn.
Jesse pushes himself up from the couch. “Perfect idea! We have a baby room to plan and a wedding,” he smirks. 
“WHAT? You all are getting married and no one told me?” Allie huffs. I roll my eyes at Jesse as he laughs. “Well, I’ve asked but she hasn’t accepted yet,” he shrugs. 
Allie comes over and sits on the couch beside me as close as she can get. “Cassie, what’s wrong? Don’t you want to marry my brother? You love him, right?” 
I smile. “Of course I love him! I just need a little time, that’s all.” 
She puts her arm around me. “And you’ll get the most wonderful, awesome, tremendous, sister-in-law, ever!” She gloats.
“Ok! Ok! That’s enough! Don’t pressure my soon to be wife.” Jesse laughs. “That’s MY job.”

Chapter thirty-four

A few days later the doctor’s office calls saying the DNA test results are in. They got us in today at 1:00. I am so nervous I feel like I am going to be sick. My stomach is in knots by the time Jesse gets home from running errands.
I tell Jesse about the appointment and he immediately comes to me, holding me tight. “It’s all going to be fine. I love both of my boys because they are a part of you,” he’s whispering in my ear as he rubs my back. I look up at him, sniffling. “Boys?” I smile slightly. “You think they’re both boys?” 
He pulls me closer. “Well, I would like at least one of them to be a boy, but even if they are both girls, I will love them just as much.” Sigh. “What do you want, my love?”
I snuggle my face into his chest and can hear his heart beating. “I don’t really care as long as they are healthy. But either way I hope they have your blue eyes.” I smile.
Being sick to my stomach all day has not helped my mood when we get to the doctor’s we have to sit in the waiting room for twenty minutes. By the time we get into the doctor’s office I have to rush out, down the hall and get sick in the bathroom. 
When I get back to the room Jesse is pacing the floor.  He rushes over to me and grabs me by the shoulders. “Baby, are you ok?” He asks as his eyes look at me all over. “I’m fine now.” I smile. We both go sit down in the chairs in front of the doctor’s desk.
Soon the doctor comes into his office and sits in his chair. “Good afternoon! And how is the stomach, Cassie?” He looks at me over his glasses. 
“Ahem, well I just got sick in the bathroom, but I think it’s more from nerves than anything.” Jesse shifts in his chair. 
The doctor smiles at me and then at Jesse. “Well, unfortunately, some women have morning sickness well into their 2nd trimester. If you need more nausea pills please let the front desk know before you leave. Also make sure you’re eating healthy, non-greasy foods. Saltine crackers and 7-Up seems to help some women.”
I nod and smile. He lowers his glasses on his nose and looks at us. “Now, let’s talk about the DNA test, ok?” We both nod. I feel Jesse squeeze my hand. “The tests are 99% positive that this young man right here,” he points at Jesse, “is your babies’ father.”
Jesse is up out of his chair before I could even blink. He is holding me as tight as he can, and I begin to cry, wailing would be more like it.
When I have gotten my crying down to sniffles we pull away from each other. Jesse sits back down in his chair, handing me a Kleenex. 
“I’m sorry. I’m just so relieved,” I say wiping away my tears. I look over at Jesse and smile. He is wiping tears away too.
As we head down the hall to the elevators, I stop to grab Jesse, hugging him and kissing him all over his face. Jesse steps back, still holding me, his face is full of wonder. “I’m going to be a dad. I can’t believe it! When do we find out their sex again?”  We both start laughing.

Chapter thirty-five

Once we are home I call Stella and tell her the good news. “See, I told you, pumpkin. You and Jesse are going to make great parents.”
I am exhausted by the time I get off the phone, so I give Jesse a kiss and head upstairs to lay down. I wake up later smelling the most amazing aroma. Once I have quickly freshened up in our bathroom, I go downstairs to find out what is making that awesome smell.
As I am walking down the hall I look into the dining room and stop in my tracks and stare. Oh, my!  Here go the tears again. The dining table is covered with a white table cloth and place settings in front of the seats that are side by side. A vase with fresh flowers is in the middle of lit candles. 
I feel Jesse come up behind me and wrap his arms around my waist. He kisses me softly on my neck and whispers in my ear, “Surprise, baby.” Kiss. “I thought we needed a celebration.” I turn in his arms and look into his eyes as he reaches for my tears to wipe them. “I love you, Jesse. So much.” I kiss him on his lips as I move my arms up and around his neck.
He turns me around and guides me into the dining room, pulls out my chair for me and pushes me up to the table. I look up at him and smile. “Jesse, you’re so sweet to do this. Thank you.” He leans down and kisses my forehead and smiles. “The best is yet to come, baby.”
Like we are at a fine restaurant, Jesse brings in salads and places them on our plates. He then proceeds to bring in wine to pour into our glasses. “I asked Dr. Zellar if you could have some wine and he said one glass as long as your stomach was feeling ok.” He grins proudly. 
After Jesse sits down he slides an envelope across the table to me. I look up with a questioning look. He nods. “Go ahead. Open it.” I look down and place my hand on it and finally picking it up I open it. I slide out a folded piece of paper and when I unfold it, I see Jesse’s elegant handwriting.
This entitles you, Cassie Morelli, soon to be mother extraordinaire, a nursery designed by McAllister Designs, Inc., Spare no expense.

From your soon to be husband (hint, hint).

All my love forever,
Jesse

Wow! I am crying again, damn hormones, as I get up and hug him. He is kissing my face and rubbing my back. “Geez, I didn’t mean to make you cry, baby,” he says into my ear. I move back to my chair, using my napkin to wipe my eyes. 
“Jesse that is the sweetest thing and this dinner? Oh, my God! I’m going to start crying again.” Jesse is laughing and takes my hand. “I wanted to do this for you, for us, for our babies’. Our babies’. Isn’t that the most wonderful sound in the world?” I sigh and nod because I am crying again and can’t talk. 
It was a wonderful dinner. Salad, soup, a light pasta dish, rolls and wine. I’m stuffed. 
After dinner Jesse demands me to go get comfortable on the couch while he cleans up.
I am curled up on the couch and watch as Jesse lights a fire in our fireplace. He sits next to me and moves me over until I am snuggled under his arm.
“Best night of my life,” I sigh. His arm tightens around me as he kisses the side of my head. “So, I guess we need to think about names at some point, huh? Any ideas?” I ask him. 
Jesse shifts a little. “Not really, it’s still so surreal that I haven’t really thought about it. I guess we have some time,” he smirks. 
“About 7 months or so.” I turn my head and look up at him. “Will you still love me when I am fat and majorly cranky?” I smile.
“Baby, I will love you forever and will be there for you to help with your crankiness,” he laughs. “But, I am going to pamper you so much your moods will be held at bay.” 
I sigh. “I love you.” 
He kisses my head again. “I can’t even begin to tell or show you how much I love you, baby.” 
As I look up at him he leans down and kisses me. Our kiss is sweet and slow. I lean back into him and watch the fire. We talk for the next few hours.

~*~*~*~

When I wake up, the sun is shining through our bedroom window. I don’t even remember falling asleep. I was so comfortable in my love’s arms. I can feel Jesse spooning me. His morning wood pressing against my upper thigh. My heat is rising, and I feel flush. I move my left arm behind me and find his cock. Hmmm he’s naked. I begin to rub it from base to tip, and I hear him moan into my hair. As I continue as he starts to move with my hand.
“Ohhh,” he moans. I stop long enough to roll over and push him on his back. I move down his body until I am in between his legs. I suck the tip of his cock while I take my hand stroking the base. I reach down and cup his balls, squeezing them. He moans louder. I feel his hand behind my head, rubbing my hair. I start licking and sucking with more force now, faster.
His breathing is fast and loud as he moans then his body stills, and I taste his warm sperm shooting spurts into my mouth. I start swallowing as more comes faster until there is no more. I lick the tip once more to clean it and sit up, smiling. 
He sits up, grabs my arms and pulls me up his body until my head is against his chest.
I can feel him chuckle in my ear. “Morning, baby. Wow! Thank you for my wake up.” He kisses my head. 
I lift my hand and wave him off. “Well, you know, it was there pressed against me and well, I just couldn’t help myself.” His laughter moves my head up and down. “Well, I’ll just have to make sure we are in that very position every morning,” he laughs. I lightly smack his arm.
After breakfast Jesse has me call the design company to set up an appointment. Allie said she wants to go with me, which is a relief because it is located an hour away in a much bigger city. I have an appointment set up to go in a few days. I am actually excited to see what all they offer. Can’t wait to get the twin’s room set up.

Chapter thirty-six

The days move by fast. Allie and I are now sitting at in the waiting room at McAllister Design, Inc.  Everything is so posh here and, of course, decorated beautifully.
“Miss Aubrey will see you now. Please follow me,” the receptionist says as she stands from her desk. We follow her down a hall into a large conference room. “Please, have a seat. Miss Aubrey will be here in one moment. May I offer something to drink? Wine, coffee, tea?”
I shift in my seat while looking at Allie and mouth, “Wow!” Allie smiles. “I would love a glass of wine please.” The receptionist turns her head to look at me. “May I just have some water?” I smile.
“Very good.” She smiles and leaves the room. 
“Holy shit! This is just way too ritzy for me,” I smirk at Allie. Allie turns in her seat to me. “But isn’t it awesome being catered to? Enjoy it, Cassie. You deserve it,” she says as she lays her hand on my shoulder.
We both turn quickly as the door opens and the receptionist brings our drinks. “Miss Aubrey shouldn’t be much longer,” she says as she places our drinks in front of us and then she leaves once more.
It feels like we wait forever, but it was only a few minutes more when the door opens and the most beautiful woman enters. 
Her hair is so light blonde it’s almost white. Her face is small making her golden eyes appear huge. She is around 5 feet 9 inches and she has a very slender body with her breasts spilling out of a halter dress. Her dress? Gorgeous! Sweetheart neckline, trim at the waist and hits right above her knees in a beautiful soft beige.
“Hi, I am Sabrina Aubrey. So nice to meet you,” she says smiling as she walks over to me with her hand out.
 “Nice to meet you too. I’m Cassie and this is my friend, Allie.” I turn my head and smile at Allie who is beaming at me. Sabrina shakes Allie’s hand and then proceeds to sit across the table from us. She clasps her hands in front of her on the table and leans forward. 
“So. First of all congratulations on your new arrival. I have to say that Jesse was so excited telling me about the news and employing our services. You have a wonderful man there,” she says.
I am not sure I like her tone as she said that. She is looking a little too dreamy as she talks about Jesse.
“Oh, so I assume you’ve met Jesse personally when he purchased your decorating services?” I ask her.
I swear her eyes went up into her head like she is envisioning him.
“Oh, Jesse and I have actually known each other for quite some time. We have done a lot of work together the last couple of years for the charities he runs. I used to work out of L.A. When we expanded our company, I found this was a great place for our new location.” She looks at me again and smiles. “Really, how very lucky you are,” she says to me.
Allie hits my leg under the table. “Oof,” I cough. I look over at Allie and frown.
“Oh, my! Are you ok, my dear?” Sabrina asks. I move my head back to Sabrina and smile slightly. “Oh, yes. Sorry. I just hit my leg against the table, no worries.”
“Well, ok. Then let’s get down to business shall we? Do you have anything in mind already or would you like to look through our catalogs? You don’t have to pick anything from them, if you aren’t fond of any but it may give you some ideas of what you would like.” She smiles politely.
I look at Allie and back at Sabrina. “I would love to look at your catalogs, please. I really haven’t had much time to think about what I would like yet.” 
Sabrina nods and reaches for a speaker phone on the table and hits a button. “Yes, Miss Aubrey. How may I be of service?” We hear the receptionist. “Mrs. Roanoke. Please bring in the nursery catalogs for our guests.” She turns and plasters a fake smile at us. 
“Right away, Miss Aubrey,” the receptionist says as Sabrina hits the button again.
She smiles at us again. “I will leave you two alone for a while to look through the catalogs. Please take all the time you need. I will have Mrs. Roanoke check on you from time to time to see if you have made any decisions and once you have she will let me know. Please let her know any time you would like a refill on your drinks or have any questions.” We both nod and with that she leaves.
Once she is gone Allie and I look at each other. “Does she, um, seem kind of fakey to you,” Allie asks. I nod slowly. “She really seemed to enjoy Jesse coming into the office, huh?” I say looking into Allie’s eyes. We sit there and stare at each other for a few minutes.
“Oh, my God! Listen to us,” I laugh. “Seriously, what are we thinking?” I roll my eyes.
Allie and I spend hours there looking through books of different nursery decors. With only a couple of books left I stop on a page and lightly hit Allie on her arm. Since we don’t know and won’t know for a while the sex of the twins, I like this décor because it’s an antique white crib and matching furniture. The room is painted in a light beige with pictures of the babies newborn pictures in antique frames on the wall over the crib. And since no one but Jesse and I know we are having twins I notice they had the crib in stock to order separately. Once we find out the sex of the twins, I can get blankets and accessories for the colors or color I need.
“Allie! This is perfect! I love it!” I exclaimed.
Allie looks at the picture then up at me with a big smile on her face.
Once Sabrina comes back, and I show her what I have chosen we make the arrangements to begin on the babies’ room in a couple of weeks. No sense in hurrying at this point.

~*~*~*~

A few weeks later I awake to see Jesse setting down a tray on the night stand by me full of breakfast foods, orange juice and a single handmade rose hand in a vase.
He leans over kissing me softly. “Happy Birthday, baby,” he says into my lips. He helps me sit up and puts the tray across my lap and then sits down by my legs.
“Thank you, babe. You went to so much trouble,” I say sniffling. He reaches across the tray and rubs some tears off that are already on my face. “Aw, no tears baby. Unless they are happy tears.”
I sniff and nod. “They are. Immensely happy tears. I. I’ve never had any-anyone do something like, like this for me.” I cry.
He gets up taking the tray and setting it back down on the table. He sits with me now and pulls me into a hug, rubbing my back.
“Shhhh. Its ok, baby. You deserve this and more,” he says lovingly.
Once I have calmed down, hiccupping a bit, I share my lovely breakfast with him. We talk about that evening’s festivities at the Café. 
Later, walking into the Café holding hands with my love, I stop right inside the door and gasp. I pull my hand from Jesse’s and cover my mouth. “Oh, my God!” My yell is muffled. 
Looking around the Café, I see decorations of balloons and streamers. They had pushed a couple of the tables together and on them is a ton of food, drinks and a huge birthday cake.
Stella walks over and grabs both of my hands and holds them. “Pumpkin! Happy Birthday!” She leans over and kisses me on my cheek. I look into her eyes, tears in mine. “Oh, Stella! This is amazing. I don’t know what to say.”
Jesse puts an arm around my shoulders, pulling me to him. “Baby, this is all for you. You are so special to everyone here, don’t you know that?” He kisses me on the side on my head. 
“Go on, you two. Go join the fun,” Stella says shoving us into the room.
I received so many great presents and the food was out of this world. They even provided sparkling cider, since I can’t drink alcohol. They turned on the jukebox and some even danced in the middle of the Café. I had the best birthday, ever.
By 10:00 that night, I was sitting in a booth watching everyone have a great time and started yawning. Jesse walks over and sits beside me. “Come on. Let’s get you home.” He puts his arm around me and I lean my head on his shoulder. “Ok,” I yawn.

Chapter thirty-seven
The months have passed by quickly. It’s unseasonably hot for June. But that’s Kansas for you. The weather can change rapidly in a day.
We’ve been going to my doctor appointments every two weeks and today we will see if our babies’ cooperate and show us what sex they are. I’m not sure who is more excited, Jesse or me.
I’m in my now normal position on the table not embarrassed in the slightest anymore. Dr. Zellar is moving the wand over my lubricated belly and suddenly stops.
“Both babies are in really good positions, right now. See there,” he says as he points to the screen. “It’s pretty obvious that is a penis.” I swallow almost choking on my spit. “And over here,” he adds as he moves his finger to the next sac. “Here you can see there isn’t one. It’s pretty safe to say you’re having a boy and a girl. Congratulations.”
I don’t think I could contain Jesse’s exuberance if I tried. He jumps up and is hugging the doctor and the nurse as I lay there all exposed for the world see. I thought he might leave me there and run outside to pace the street stopping everyone to tell them and hand out cigars.
But finally he realizes he hasn’t hugged the most important person in the room. ME.
His head turns so quick I’m surprised he didn’t get whiplash. He runs over to me, hopping up onto the bed, and covers me with kisses. Ok, he’s forgiven.

~*~*~*~

Sabrina is coming over with a crew today to start on the nursery. We have talked a few times, over the phone, about a few things she needed before they started.
Jesse and I are having breakfast in the kitchen when I suddenly ask, “So, Sabrina says you all have worked together a lot.” He looks up at me, from his paper, and I smile sweetly. 
“Ah, well yes, we have.” He smiles back. I pick at the food on my plate with my fork. “That’s nice. She talked like she was rather fond of you,” I say.
Jesse puts his paper down on the table and turns to me. “Babe, we just worked together,” he chuckles.  His face then turns serious. “Well, I guess we have gone out for drinks a couple of times after work. But, not a big deal really. Ok, we dated some. But it was nothing, baby. Really!”
I take his hand. “Oh, I know.  She just seemed like, I don’t know, like maybe she was a little too fond of you.”
Jesse grabs my other hand and leans forward on the table. “Baby, now what is all this about? You’re the only one I love.” He kisses my hand.
“I know. I’m being silly and probably hormonal. I trust you.” I lean and give him a quick kiss.
After Jesse leaves to run some errands, Sabrina and her crew showed up and began working on the room. I stay downstairs and occupy my time by watching TV, so I don’t get in the way and ended up falling asleep on the couch.
I awoke to hushed voices coming upstairs. I make my way to the bottom of the stairs and stop. 
“Jesse. You really should tell her about us. Really, what are you thinking? That she won’t find out? Seriously, I don’t understand what you see in her anyway. What we had was the best. Why would you want someone like her, when you can have me? Hmmm?” Sabrina whispers loudly.
I am shocked and frozen on the stairs. I can’t believe what I am hearing. I knew something wasn’t right by the way she was talking when we met.
I turned around and quietly went down the basement stairs. Allie is in her office typing away on her laptop. I clear my throat. She stops and turns around. “Cassie? What’s wrong,” she says coming towards me. I back up a step. “I. I overheard,” I can’t seem to form the words.
She puts her hands on my shoulders. “Cassie, tell me. What happened?” I have tears in my eyes and shake my head slowly. “I heard Sabrina tell Jesse that they should get back together. That what they had was the best and why would he want to be with me.” I am shaking now.
Allie pulls me to her. “Oh, Cassie. Jesse loves you. You’re being a hormonal pregnant mommy and are feeling insecure. Don’t let what she says bother you.”
I stay downstairs with Allie for a while and feel better by the time I return upstairs. 
I can’t hear any of the noises from the nursery, so I go up to find Jesse, but he is nowhere to be found. As I go back downstairs I hear the clanking of dishes coming from the kitchen. I stop in the doorway watching Sabrina putting a glass in the dishwasher.  She turns around and leans back against the counter.
“If you’re looking for Jesse he isn’t here,” she smirks. “He said he needed to go to the Café to pick up something.” I nod my head slowly. “Ok. So is your crew done for today?” I ask.
“Oh, yes. They will be back tomorrow. I am leaving now. The crew will be on their own from now on so if you need me for anything you can just call me.” 
She starts to walk past me and turns to me. “You know you’re not good enough for him, don’t you? He needs a confident real woman. Not some,” she eyes me up and down, “mousy little scared girl.” 
And with that, she leaves. I don’t get a chance to say anything as I am standing there with my mouth hanging open, in shock.
When Jesse returns he finds me sitting on the couch staring at the TV which is turned off. He sits on the coffee table in front of me and puts his hands on my knees. “Cassie? Baby? Are you ok? What’s wrong? Is it the babies’?” 
My vision comes into focus and I blink. “What? Oh, I’m sorry. I must have zoned out.” I smile.
He laughs. “It’s ok. Hey, I went and picked up an apple pie from the Café for dessert tonight.” I lean in and kiss him. “That sounds wonderful.”

~*~*~*~

A week goes by and the nursery is finished. It looks just like the picture in the catalog. I love it! I’ve already called in for the second crib, which will be delivered in about a month.
“Hey, the nursery turned out perfect! Are you happy, baby?” Jesse says standing behind me with his arms around my waist. I lay my head back against his shoulder and smile up at him. “Happy doesn’t begin to describe it.” 
He turns me around and kisses me. When he pulls back he gives me his famous grin. “I want to take you out to celebrate. But also I wanted to ask you if you would accompany me to a charity we are running this Friday night. It’s a pretty big deal, so I really need to be there and would love for you to go with me. It’s kind of dressy, so we could use that night to celebrate too. Will you go?” Then he gives me his pouty expression.
I laugh and swat his arm playfully. “Oh, ok. I would love to go with you and celebrate.”
Come to find out that this charity event is near the design company. It’s being held in a ballroom at a ritzy hotel.
Allie and I went shopping and found me the most beautiful cocktail dress. It is a navy blue V-neck dress that comes to just above my knees. It has a gorgeous sequenced design right below the breasts in the middle of an open waistline. Since I am getting so huge so quickly now I needed something to help conceal my belly for an event like this. We find matching shoes and a small clutch. 
Friday night is here before I know it, and I am really nervous.  I have never been to anything like this. Jesse is so comforting because he knows I am apprehensive. 
The ballroom is beautifully decorated. Food covered tables in a buffet style against the farthest wall from us. Over to the left of them is a fully stocked bar with two bartenders and another bar at the opposite end of the room.
The center of the room is full of people talking and laughing, everyone seems to be enjoying themselves.
I take Jesse’s arm as we walk around the room. He introduces me to the people he knows and nods at those he doesn’t. We end up at the food tables, taking our full plates and sitting down at an empty table.
As we eat I look around the room watching others mingling when I see Sabrina walk in the door. I watch her look around the room, and her eyes stop abruptly on Jesse. He is oblivious to her stare as he eats. A few minutes later I feel the hair stand up on the back of my neck, and a cold chill sweeps down my spine. 
“Hello, Jesse,” Sabrina says with a sexy smile. She turns to me with an obvious fake smile. “Hello, Cassie.” She immediately turns back to Jesse. “I am so glad you made it tonight. Didn’t everything turn out great?” She says putting her hand on his shoulder.
“Yes, everything turned out very nice.  Good job, Sabrina,” Jesse says with a small smile. He seems uncomfortable. 
“Thank you. Well, I must go mingle before the auction begins. Have a nice evening. I will talk with you later,” Sabrina says walking off completing ignoring me.
I am feeling a little green and am not sure if it’s jealousy or an upset stomach, or both. “Um, I think I am going to go use the ladies room,” I tell Jesse. 
He looks at me and nods. “Do you want me to walk you there?” I bend down and kiss his cheek. “Oh, no! Really, I can manage. But thank you.” 
Once in the rest room, after finishing with all my necessities, I am standing at the mirror applying a little lip gloss.  
I hear the door open behind me and my focus in the mirror switches from my lips to Sabrina standing with her back against the door, glaring at me.
“Well, well. If it isn’t the little girl who is trying to keep my Jesse from me,” she says sarcastically. I turn around and lean against the counter. “Sabrina. What do you want? Jesse is happy now, with me. He doesn’t want you anymore. I heard you all talking at the house,” I smirk. 
She raises her hand, looking down at her fingernails, “Ah, little girl. Jesse doesn’t know what he wants. He thinks he’s happy now, but he will find out what he’s missing and come back to me. He needs a real woman.”
I am shaking I am so mad. “You’re mistaken, Sabrina. He wants me, not you. Now, get out of my way.” I start walking towards her. She hesitates and then slowly moves out of my way but as I pass her she says, “No, little girl. You’re the one who’s mistaken. You’ll see.”
I go back to the table to find Jesse is gone. I look around and see him talking with some people close to where the auction will take place. I am so hot with rage that I decide to go out to the small garden area there and get some fresh air.
Outside there is a nice cool breeze. Standing close to the cement stairs, I view the different gardens that are around the lawn with all the blooming flowers.  The scent waifs in the breeze with a perfumed aroma.
I hear a man inside on the microphone saying the auction is about ready to begin. I start to turn around to go in when I see Sabrina from the corner of my eye and feel her hands on my shoulder pushing me towards the steps. 
“I WON’T LET YOU TAKE HIM, YOU BITCH!” She shouts, as I am falling and bouncing hard down the stairs until I land with a thud on the landing at the bottom. My head smacks the cement and my vision fades to black.

Chapter thirty-eight

“UGH.” I moan. Beep. Beep. Beep. What is that constant beeping noise? I reach my hand out to feel for the alarm and someone grabs it and holds it, kissing it. I open my eyes and see Jesse’s worried expression. 
“Baby, you’re ok. You fell down some stairs, but you’re ok.” I hear Jesse speaking softly. It sounds like he’s crying.
I turn my head to look at him and groan. Man, it hurts to move. “Jesse? Why are you crying? Is it the babies’? Oh, my God! Are they ok?” Tears start to make their way down my cheeks. “I lost the babies’, didn’t I?”
He leans over and wipes away some of my tears. “Shhhh, baby. No, honey, the babies’ are just fine. Shhhh. Everything’s fine.” He kisses me on my forehead. 
“Then why are you crying?” I ask. He brushes some hair from my face. “You were out cold and so still. You wouldn’t wake up when I shook you. I was so afraid of losing you. I was afraid I had lost you,” he says with tears on his face.
I reach over and cup his face. “Oh, Jesse. You’ll never lose me,” I whisper. 
I lay my hand on my stomach and yawn. I close my eyes and drift back to slumber.
I wake up to the sound of whispering voices. I slowly open my eyes and look around until I see Jesse speaking with a doctor. I clear my scratchy throat. “Can I have some water, please?”
They both turn around. Jesse practically running over to my side. He smooth’s my hair with his hand lovingly. He turns and looks at the doctor who nods at Jesse. “Sure, Baby,” Jesse says as he pours some water into a glass from the nightstand. He reaches over and pushes a button on the guard rail raising me to a slight sitting position. “Is that ok? Too much?” He asks. “No, that’s good. Thank you.” He hands me the water and sits in the chair close to my bed.
Meanwhile, the doctor has moved to the foot of my bed. He smiles. “Hello, Cassie. I’m Dr. Phillips. How are you feeling?” I look up and smile. 
“My head hurts and my right leg and arm are sore.” Reading my chart the doctor moves his eyes to me. “Well, it’s no wonder with falling down cement steps.” He half smiles. “Fortunately, your injuries are minor and the position you landed helped to protect your babies’ who, by the way, have very healthy heartbeats. We did do an ultrasound to check on them and they are doing just fine. I do recommend you see your OB as soon as you can so he can confirm. Congratulations by the way.”
I look over at Jesse who is showing that million dollar smile. “Oh, thank God!” I sigh with relief. He places the chart back. “You should be able to leave if you’re feeling up to it. But you must rest for a few days. In bed. No exertion. Ok?” 
I nod. “That sounds great.” He turns to leave. “Ok then. I’ll go get the paperwork ready and someone will be in to take you out.”
Once the doctor leaves the room I turn to Jesse. “What happened to Sabrina, Jesse? Do you know she pushed me down the stairs?” 
He takes my hand and rubs his thumb across it. “Yes, baby. Someone saw her. The police came and took her to the station. They said that once you felt up to it they would need a statement from you.” I nod slowly.
“Sweetie, I’m so sorry.  This is all my fault. I didn’t tell you we had dated for a while. Actually,” he looks down unable to look me in the eyes anymore, “we were engaged.”
I gasped and covered my mouth with my other hand. “But it’s been over for a couple of years now, before my mother was killed. She didn’t understand why I needed to find the men who killed her. It ended badly. She yelled, threw things, she was verbally abusive. I should have told you. I’m sorry.”
“But. How? How can you work with her after how she treated you, Jesse?”  He shifts in his seat and looks up at me. “In her business she’s the best. She apologized to me and said she could be professional. I was stupid thinking she could change. I’m so sorry, baby. Please forgive me.” I can see the tears forming in his eyes. 
“Jesse, no. It’s not your fault.  Please don’t think it is. I don’t blame you for what happened.” Now I’m starting to cry again.
I try to lighten our conversation by chuckling a little. “Well, aren’t we just the pair.” He looks at me and chuckles a little too. He leans over and kisses my shoulder. “Yes, we are and we are going to have a happy ever after. Together.”
The police came over to our house the next day and took my statement. Later I was to find out that wasn’t her first offense. Apparently, she has abused previous boyfriends as well as the girls they were with after they had dumped Sabrina. It’s a wonder to me how in the hell she had kept her job and had made it in the business world at all.

~*~*~*~

It’s been three days and Jesse will not let me get out of bed. “Ugh! I need to move around. I can’t stand sitting in this bed anymore. Dr. Phillips said I only had to stay in bed a few days. Few means three!” I look over at Allie and frown. 
“Geez, grumpy. I’ll go talk to Jesse. He’s getting you some lunch.” She pats my shoulder and leaves the room. 
I am still sitting in the bed, beating my hand down on the mattress beside me when Jesse comes into the room carrying a tray of food. He sets it down over my lap and sits down on the bed next to my legs.
“If you don’t quit hitting the bed you’re going to spill your food,” he smirks. Looking up to the ceiling I huff, “UGH! Jesse! The doctor said only a few days of bed rest. Can’t I at least move down to the couch for a change of scenery? I am about to climb the walls in here.”
He laughs at me. Laughs at me? Nice. Shaking his head as he pats my leg gently. “Ok, after lunch. I’ll carry you downstairs so you can camp out on the couch for a while.” 
I look at him incredulously. “I can walk you know.” I cross my arms across my chest. He’s still laughing. “I know, baby. But let me take care of you, please?” 
I roll my eyes but then I look at him and see the sincerity in his eyes. Damn, I really can’t stand to do anything that will hurt his feelings. 
I reach over and clasp his arm. “Jesse, my love. I would love it if you’ll carry me downstairs after lunch.” I say sweetly. Sigh.
Camped downstairs on the couch for the rest of the week was better than being in that bed. By the end of the week he actually even let me walk by myself. Baby steps. But, I feel so loved and cherished by this man that I wouldn’t change it for the world.

Epilogue

It’s been three months since the Sabrina incident. Since then Allie has moved out to a condo across town saying we need our privacy and so did she. Ha, I bet she did.  She and Shane have become a little chummy.
One day, I came home from work to find our living room dark. Candles lit all over the room and rose petals of different colors scattered on the floor creating a path from the front door into the room. Soft music playing, an assortment of food laid out on the coffee table with candles and vases with handmade roses adorning the table.
My hands fly to cover my mouth, and I gasp. I see Jesse enter the room from the kitchen smiling at me, carrying a red handmade rose. He walks over to me and puts his arms around me. We hold each other and sway to the music. He kisses my cheek and whispers in my ear softly, “Welcome home, baby.” 
He smells my cheek breathing deeply as he begins kissing my skin, moving down to my neck. I bend my head a little to give him better access as he continues trailing kisses and sucking on my neck. “Hmmmm,” I moan as he pulls back a little and starts on my other side. I move my head the other direction and back some, moaning. 
“Baby, you don’t know what you do to me,” he murmurs. 
His kisses make their way back up my neck and find my mouth. Our kissing becomes heated as we continue to slowly sway to the music. He holds me tighter, squeezing me until I can barely breathe. We stop kissing and I move my mouth to his ear, caressing his face with my hands. “Don’t stop, don’t ever stop,” I whisper. 
As he moves his hand to my stomach, he begins rubbing it soothingly. He looks into my eyes. “I love you so much.” He bends down and kisses my stomach and then looks at it. “I love you so much.” He continues to bend down on one knee and looks up at me, taking my hand.
“Cassie Morelli. I love you with my whole heart. I can’t imagine a day without you in my life. I want to cherish you, take care of you and our babies’. And yes, spoil you and them rotten.” He smiles and chuckles.
Then he gets serious again. “But baby, I need you. I need you to be with me and officially become my family. I want to become your family. Forever. With all my heart, with every inch of my soul, with every breath I take, I promise to love you forever.”
Tears are flowing down my face now, and I can barely see him. I reach up with my free hand wiping them from my face.
“Cassie, will you marry me? Become my wife and together we will live happily ever after, forever.” 
Releasing my hand, he pulls a ring box from his pocket, opens the lid and holds it up to me. It is a beautiful heart shaped diamond setting with smaller pink diamonds that surround it. Smaller diamonds follow the band on either side. It’s stunning!
“Take my heart, for you have already taken my mind and soul.”
I can’t stop the tears as I nod shakily and whisper, “Yes.” I clear my throat and speaking louder, “Yes!” 
He jumps up, grabs me and picks me up, swinging me around as he peppers my mouth with kisses.
Once he sets me down, he takes the ring from its box and places it on my finger. He brings my hand up to his mouth and kisses the ring. With love in his moist eyes he looks into mine. “You’ve made me the happiest and luckiest man on earth.”
I reach up with my other hand, lovingly brushing the hair out of his eyes. “My love. You keep saving me from all the torments that have been in my life. You’ve given me the happiness I have always wished for, longed for. You will always be my Savior. Forever.”

~*~*~*~

We decided on a September wedding. The weather not being too hot or too cold. Being six months pregnant and with twins, my stomach is huge already. Of course, I have been eating everything in sight. So I already had to get maternity clothes. Allie and I found a gorgeous dress at the bridal shop that fits where I need it to, showing my ample cleavage, but flowing in the front to hide my growing stomach as much as it can.
We haven’t heard from Thomas since the night they had their bad fights on the phone, but we sent him an invitation anyway. He is going to be a Grandpa after all. No one has heard if he will be attending the wedding though. 
Stella is actually going to close the Café that day so they can all attend. But after we’ve wed, the reception will be held there. Allie is going over early that morning and help decorate.

~*~*~*~

Our wedding was held in our backyard. Buck, Shane and Tuck had brought over all the chairs, tables, tent and wedding arch that we rented and they helped set everything up.
The design company decorated everything outside with lights in the trees, candles and the tables were outfitted in the finest tableware. All complimentary.
As I walked down the aisle made up of a beautiful gold runner, I look into my soon to be husband’s smiling face at the end. I am trying to hold my tears at bay until it’s over but not sure I can. When I get to the end, Jesse takes my hand and holds it through the entire ceremony. As he says his endearments, he lays his other hand on my protruding belly, moving his thumb over it soothingly.
“Cassie, my love. Fate led me to you, to save you, to keep you. I will always be there for you, protecting you. My heart overflows with love for you. Will you be mine, forever?”
A tear finally frees itself from my eyes and slowly rolls down my face. “I will.”
I take my other hand and place it over his heart.
“Jesse, my love, my savior. You’ve saved me so many times now from the bad in the world, from my unhappiness. I know you will always protect me and keep me safe. I have no more love to give you, because you have it all. Will you be mine, forever?”
He brings my hand up to his lips kisses it. “I will.”
Before Jesse is told he may kiss the bride, his lips are already locked on mine.
The surprise for us that day was Thomas showing up. Of course, we didn’t realize he was there until after we had turned around and we were being announced as husband and wife.
Walking back down the aisle together, Thomas steps out into the aisle before us and envelopes Jesse into a warm embrace. Never releasing my hand, I stand watching father and son having a tender moment. I think I cried more that day than ever in my life. Thomas turns to me and hugs me, whispering in my ear, “Cassie, my daughter. I am so happy for you both. I hope you’ll forgive me.” He puts his hand on my stomach and looks at me. “I’m going to be a grandpa.” He smiles with tears in his eyes.
We arrive at the Café, the music already blaring from the sounds of Tuck’s band that is set up in the back on a small platform. People are already drinking. Some are dancing and enjoying the festivities.
As we walk in Jesse takes me towards the band. Tuck stops mid song and moves over as Jesse pulls me up onto the platform with him. I have no idea what he is up to. He taps on the microphone, which causes a loud squeal. He laughs.
“Can I have your attention for just a few minutes, please?” He waits for a minute as everyone begins to settle down. “Thanks! Well, Cassie, my wonderful wife,” he smiles at me, “and I have some news to share.” The crowd stirs and you can hear the murmuring they are making as they look at each other.
“We found out,” he looks at me. I smile and nod back. “We found out that we are having twins.” We hear the shouts of congratulations, as well as seeing the looks of shock and happiness on everyone’s faces.
Jesse taps on the microphone again, getting everyone’s attention. “We also found out that we are having a boy and a girl!” He yells as he raises my hand up high with his. And the crowd goes wild.
After all settles down, we have our first dance. When we are done, we get settled at a table and dig into some great food and company. Thomas looks at us and asks when my due date is. “December 25th but with twins they could be early.” Jesse tells him. 
“And have you picked out names yet?” Thomas asks.
Jesse and I look at each other and shrug. “Well, we haven’t had time to think about it yet, but honestly, I have no idea,” I say.
“Maybe, we’ll have to have a poll!” Jesse smirks.

The End

About the Author

Vicki Green grew up in Overland Park, Kansas and has resided in Olathe, Kansas for more than 25 years. Along with her husband and two teenage boys, she shares her home with her cocker spaniel’s Shadow and Mocha. She has been working full time at the same Company for almost 35 years. Her life has been filled with the most loving and caring parents, Larry and Betty Gassaway, who are both in Heaven now but are still in her heart and mind daily. 
Vicki enjoys reading books, too many on her Kindle and Nook to count, which is what inspired her to begin writing this book.


Visit Vicki on her blog:  http://www.vickigreenauthor.com/ and her Author Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/VickiGreenAuthor for upcoming news about her future endeavors
 
