


NAKED TRUTH 
 Tough Love Series Book 1

Tami Lund

Cover Artist: Kathryn R. Biel 
Editor: Julie Sturgeon
Published by: Tami Lund
Original Copyright: 2019 by Tami Lund


License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to purchase their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.

Thank you for your support.

All entities, locations, businesses, etc. in this book are strictly figments of the author’s overactive imagination and are not to be construed as real.

Questions, comments, or desires to seek permission to use any part of this book for your own purposes should be directed to authortamilund@gmail.com.

NAKED TRUTH

Playboy FBI agent Jack Boudreaux meets Kennedy St. George at his partner’s wedding, and in typical Jack fashion, he seduces her. Like every fling before, it was supposed to be a one-night stand.

Kennedy was burned by her ex-husband—badly. She told everyone he cheated on her, because the truth—that he stole all her money before disappearing out of her life—is far more embarrassing. When she meets Jack at her cousin’s wedding, she decides a one-night stand is the perfect distraction from her otherwise screwed up life.

Ah, you don’t always get what you expect.

That one-night stand turns into a torrid affair that distracts Jack from his current undercover assignment and puts their hearts—and Kennedy’s life—in danger. Now there’s only one way Jack can stop a killer, and it involves admitting what he and Kennedy both swore they didn’t want.


Tough Love Series
Naked Truth
Undercover Heat
Delicious Deception



DEDICATION

For MOM, the original cheerleader.

CHAPTER ONE


Kennedy St. George stepped up behind her cousin, who stood in front of an ornate full-length mirror, staring at the big, white dress reflected there. “Hey, you coming? We can’t exactly have a wedding without the bride.” 
Sabrina blinked rapidly until her eyes focused, until, Kennedy suspected, the tears receded. “How are you doing?” her cousin asked instead of answering the question.
“I should have known better,” she murmured. No point in pretending she didn’t know what the bride was asking. “There were hurricane warnings on my wedding day.”
“The weather is not an accurate predictor of happily ever after,” Sabrina gently chided. Kennedy pointedly looked at the window, which framed a gloriously beautiful, late spring day. Sabrina rolled her eyes.
“You and Cullen are perfect for each other,” Kennedy responded. “Jerry and I … weren’t.”
“We are hardly perfect for one another, although Cullen is the perfect guy.” She absently twisted the pearl ring on her right hand. It was the ‘something old’ passed down to her from her grandmother. Her lips lifted with a dreamy smile.
Cullen was often gruff, swore like a sailor, and quite possibly did not own a razor. He was lousy at small talk and awkward at family functions. But he was loyal to a fault, adored Sabrina to the point of obsession, and if one liked scruffy guys, he was definitely handsome. 
Sabrina laughed. “You don’t think so. I can tell. Which is okay, because he’s about to be my husband, not yours. What’s your version of the perfect guy?”
“No guy is perfect.”
“Fair enough, but what type of guy would make you happy?”
“Anyone besides Jerry.”
That earned her a stern look from Sabrina’s reflection in the mirror.
“Okay, okay,” Kennedy relented. “I’ll play your game. Let’s see… perfect guy…”
“Someone who doesn’t cheat.”
“That’s a given,” she pointed out, although she understood why her cousin mentioned it.
“What else?”
“This is hard.” Kennedy pondered the question. “I guess I’d like someone who proves he cares by his actions, instead of just saying it all the time.”
“That’s reasonable.”
“And I’d like someone who has his own life, too. You know I work a lot of hours at the hospital, and I like what I do. I imagine I’d come to resent a guy who expects me to work a nine-to-five schedule just because it fits his needs.”
“Considering I’m marrying an FBI agent and they definitely don’t work regular hours, I get that. Anything else?”
“I’m not into going out on the town all the time, clubbing and such. So when we would get to spend time together, I’d want to do it at home, cooking together or watching a movie or, I don’t know, just hanging out–that’s my idea of a perfect evening.”
“So no party animals for you.”
“Nope. But he still has to be—” she cut herself off. 
“Good in bed?” They shared a laugh. Sabrina abruptly sobered and said, “I think you should start dating again. In fact, Joey, one of the groomsmen, is single, and he’s really sweet. Good looking, too. I bet he fits at least some of your criteria.”
“Don’t even think about setting me up at your wedding.”
“Weddings are the perfect place to meet someone.”
“Weddings are the perfect place to meet a one-night stand, and if I’m not interested in dating, I’m sure as heck not interested in that.”
“Why not? Not about the one-night stand necessarily, but about dating at all.”
Sabrina’s earnestness invited an honest response. But Kennedy didn’t know how to respond. Five years ago, she’d married a man who swept her off her feet, who gave her empty promises about rainbows and unicorns. Two years later, he stole every last nickel and charged her credit cards to the max before disappearing out of her life.
The official story was that he’d cheated on her, so she’d demanded the divorce. That was humiliating enough, but if everyone knew the truth–that he’d literally stolen everything while she’d been stupidly unaware–she figured that would be ten times worse. Cheating was sometimes, unfortunately, a fact of life. It happened, you moved on and did your best to find someone else who wouldn’t do the same. But your own husband, stealing everything and leaving you with literally no recourse whatsoever? There was something far more…embarrassing about that, at least in Kennedy’s mind.
 “How can I?” Kennedy asked, sticking with the lie she’d told everyone, even her cousin and best friend. “How can I trust someone again?”
Sabrina adjusted her veil and squeezed her fist around the white with blue embroidery handkerchief in her hand. “You just do. I don’t know how to explain it. You reach a point where you realize this man is the one, and you are going to put all of your trust in him because you are so in love you don’t really have a choice.”
“I did that with Jerry, remember?”
“Did you, really?” 
Kennedy averted her gaze. What her cousin implied was right. The hurricane on the day of her wedding hadn’t been the only warning sign. She had just been a fool and refused to pay attention.
“I won’t ever make that mistake again,” she vowed. 
“Certainly not if you never date again.”
She smirked. “It’s safer that way.”
“Safe isn’t fun. Live a little. Enjoy yourself today. Dance with Joey. Flirt with him. See where it leads.” Before Kennedy could protest again, Sabrina turned away from the mirror and lifted the billowing, white skirt. “Now come on, I want to get married.”
Kennedy grabbed the train to make it easier for Sabrina to walk. I can’t take the chance, she thought as she followed her cousin out of the bride’s room. 

***
They met the groomsmen in the lobby, just outside the chapel. Cullen’s brother, Marshall, was the best man, a less scruffy and slightly shorter version of the groom. When he saw the bride, he smiled widely and spread his arms as if he intended to hug her, but caught himself and squeezed her hand instead, murmuring that she was beautiful and Cullen was a hell of a lucky guy.
Cullen’s FBI agent partner, Jack Boudreaux, wasn’t nearly so couth. When he saw the bride, he gave a loud wolf whistle and pulled her into a bear hug, lifting her off her feet and causing her to squeal. Kennedy expected Sabrina’s uptight sister, Vanessa, to snap at him for crushing the bride’s dress, but she simpered instead.
Kennedy supposed she could understand. Cullen’s partner was an incredibly attractive man. Although Cullen and Sabrina had been dating for a year now, she hadn’t yet met his closest friend. Now that she was admiring him from only a few feet away, she was sort of glad she hadn’t. He was James Bond with thick, blond hair and a clean-shaven jawline, and he looked damn good in a tux. 
Damn good.
It wasn’t like she hadn’t come across hot guys throughout the course of the last three years, so why was her heart racing? Why did she feel flushed? She forced herself not to fan her face, even as she worried that she was breaking out in a sweat and might ruin her makeup.
Not going there. Jerry had been good-looking, too, and look where that got her.
He wasn’t this good-looking.
Kennedy wanted to tell her inner voice to shut the hell up. Besides, Joey was the groomsman Sabrina suggested she get to know better. She’d said precious little about Jack over the course of her and Cullen’s courtship, other than the occasional comment about him being a playboy. Which explained why Sabrina wouldn’t have suggested she break free of her self-induced nun-like lifestyle with him. Another cheater wasn’t on the agenda. 
“I was just informed that you and I are walking into the chapel together.”
Kennedy shifted her focus to the man who was speaking, the very man she had just been salivating over. “Uh, we are?”
He did that slow perusal thing with his eyes that guys did when they wanted a girl to know they liked what they saw. An unhurried smile crawled across his face. “Yep.”
She recognized that look. She may have been out of the dating game for far too long, but she still understood the process. What she didn’t know was how to respond.
“No, no,” Vanessa interrupted, as she wedged herself between them. “You and I should walk down the aisle together.” She batted thickly mascaraed lashes and smiled coyly. Kennedy resisted the urge to stick her finger into her mouth in a gagging motion. They weren’t in high school anymore, even if Vanessa was acting like a lovesick teenager. 
“Cullen told me he’ll kick my ass if I don’t do what the wedding planner tells me, and she said I’m supposed to walk in with the hot brunette.”
Hot brunette? Was he talking about her?
Vanessa brushed a perfectly coifed blond curl off her shoulder and lifted her chin. With an audible sniff, she said, “The pictures will look better if you and I are in them together.”
Jack arched his brows. “I could’ve sworn this wedding was about Cullen and Sabrina. Not you.”
Vanessa opened her mouth to retort, but the wedding planner grabbed her arm in a vise-like grip and dragged her away to stand alone at the end of the processional. 
“Where’s the best man?” Kennedy said as she watched Vanessa argue with the wedding planner.
“Already inside with the groom. Cullen was looking a little panicked, so the priest suggested his brother be up there for moral support.”
“Oh no. He isn’t having second thoughts, is he?”
Jack chuckled. “Hell no. If he could’ve had his way, Cullen would’ve carted her off to Vegas a year ago. Sabrina wanted this dog and pony show, and he’s doing it because he loves her, but he hates being in the spotlight like this.” He abruptly changed the subject. “So Cullen tells me you’re the bride’s BFF.”
“Yes. We’re cousins as well.”
“How come stalker woman is the maid of honor?”
“You mean Vanessa? She’s Sabrina’s sister.” Kennedy giggled, taking herself by surprise. When was the last time she’d giggled in the presence of someone of the opposite sex who wasn’t related to her?
“She’s scary as hell. I haven’t been pursued like that in a long time.”
“Vanessa has been pursuing you?”
Jack nodded. “She practically attacked me as soon as I walked into the church. I’m not really into that. I’m into more subtle women.”
She ignored the last bit and blurted, “She’s married.” 
Jack arched those sleek, blond brows again. “Now I’m really glad I didn’t let her catch me. I’m not into married women either.” 
He gave Kennedy’s left hand a pointed look. She squeezed her bouquet until she was afraid she would snap the stems on the burgundy and cream-colored roses. She was so lousy at this game. Besides the fact she wasn’t even sure she wanted to play it in the first place.
“What about divorced women?” Oh my God, did I just say that out loud?
Jack shrugged. “I like single women. Divorced is single.”
Kennedy’s chest heaved as she sucked in air. “I’m not—” She lost her train of thought when he reached over, cupped her wrist, and pulled her arm through the crook of his, resting her hand on his forearm. Not only did he look amazing in the tux, but he felt good, too.
Not good. 
“Showtime,” Jack murmured, and Kennedy realized that the doors to the chapel were open and the music started, indicating it was time for the processional to begin.
She struggled to fill her lungs. Jack gave her a concerned look. “You okay?”
Kennedy shook her head, focused on breathing. In and out. That’s it. This wasn’t her wedding. It was Sabrina’s, and Sabrina was marrying the man of her dreams. The right man. Her forever happily ever after.
“I just don’t like weddings as a rule.”
“Why not?”
“My own was a disaster.”

***
Jack watched Kennedy watch the bride. A slow, sad smile spread across her face, as Sabrina began to make her way down the aisle. He turned his attention to the bride, too.
She looked like a frigging princess in that big, white gown. Her smile was so wide, he was half-afraid her face would split in two. He glanced at his partner and best friend. The deer-in-the-headlights look that had been on his face since early this morning was gone, replaced by bemusement. Cullen was hooked, no doubt about it. Sabrina was, and now always would be, the center of his world.
Lucky bastard, Jack thought, even as he followed that thought with, I couldn’t imagine being so beholden to another person. It worked for Cullen–which was a hell of a surprise, frankly–but he knew marriage wasn’t for everyone.
Kennedy’s married?
He shifted his gaze to watch the hot bridesmaid standing across the aisle, who was now watching the bride and groom with rapt attention. He’d missed that little tidbit of information somewhere along the way. She wasn’t wearing a ring. He’d noticed that, because he’d been scoping out the various options for a little after-reception female companionship. 
Weddings were a great place to pick up a one-night stand, but you had to be careful to pick a woman who didn’t have forever on her mind at the moment. The good thing was, the generous pours at the open bar tended to make almost anyone forget about forever, at least until the next morning. And Jack was good at slipping out of bed and out of their lives before they could even suggest exchanging phone numbers, let alone talk about a second–or hell, how about a first?–date. 
He’d narrowed his focus to Kennedy and had assumed she was single. While dodging the maid of honor, he’d caught sight of the willowy brunette bridesmaid and his interest had immediately been piqued. He could tell she was one of those women who didn’t demand to be the center of attention, who was probably more of a wallflower. In his experience, women like that tended to be wildcats in the sack. Perfect for a temporary wedding pickup. 
Whether she preferred to duck the spotlight or not, she was definitely sexy. Besides that thick, chestnut-brown hair that trailed halfway down her back, she had expressive, green, doe eyes set into a heart-shaped face, along with Cupid’s bow pink lips that caused his imagination to wander into seriously smutty places.
She wore the bridesmaid’s dress well, too. It was a simple number in a bronze color, with a halter neckline that emphasized the top swell of breasts that were neither too small nor too large. All things considered, his choice of a bed partner for the night hadn’t been difficult at all.
Except for the whole marriage bit. He wasn’t into married women, no matter how attractive they were. He’d hooked up with a handful of married women throughout his misspent youth, and each time had been a disaster, an emotional roller coaster for the women and mediocre sex for him. It was hard to get excited when a woman either cried or talked about another man constantly. In his experience, women who cheated didn’t really want to cheat; they just wanted their significant other to notice them.
The roar of applause, catcalls, and wolf whistles indicated that the ceremony was at an end, and Jack shifted his focus to watch the groom bend his bride over his arm and kiss her with such enthusiasm that even the priest blushed.

***
Jealousy combined with regret swirled together in her chest as Kennedy watched her cousin and new husband make out up there on the altar. Five years previously, she’d received no more than a chaste peck on the cheek from her groom. Two years later, she’d sat in her living room and cried frustrated tears and thought, I should have known it wouldn’t last.
As Cullen and Sabrina posed for the photographer before proceeding down the aisle after being pronounced husband and wife, Kennedy tortured herself by comparing the ratio of couples to individuals in the church and realized the number of married couples far outweighed the number of single people. They were happy, too, as far as she could tell, which only added to her misery. Kennedy wanted to be happy.
She eyed her wedding counterpart. Jack was single, and he seemed happy. Maybe he knew something she didn’t.
“Stay away from him,” Sabrina had warned her. “The women love him, but he only wants one thing.”	
Considering how the simplest touch from Jack had spiked her blood pressure, she suspected it was not difficult at all for him to pick up women when he was in the mood for a little action.
Was that the key to happiness as a single person? Occasional one-night stands, with no other expectations? Jack looked, at the very least, content and comfortable in his own skin. 
Kennedy certainly wasn’t happy, and neither did she feel comfortable in her own skin half the time. She tended to dress down, to hide herself, try to avoid being noticed by the opposite sex. It was easier that way. Otherwise, she might have to be forced to address unwanted attentions from men like Jack.
They were unwanted, weren’t they?
Since her divorce three years ago, Kennedy had not dated at all. She was too afraid. She’d fallen for her lying ex-husband, let him talk her into moving from her comfort zone, her hometown of Dallas, to New Orleans, a town that was an entirely different world. She’d let him talk her into marrying him. And then he’d taken everything, including her pride, right from under her nose.
She glanced at Jack again, caught him watching her, and averted her gaze. 
Kennedy’s experience with one-night stands was limited to two times in her entire life. There was that one time in college, when the guy had bet his friends that he could convince her to sleep with him. She thought he wanted to date her, wanted so much more, until the next morning when he laughed while he pulled his shorts over his thighs and said, “Thanks for that, Kennedy. I’m strapped for cash right now and that twenty bucks will sure come in handy.” 
The other time had been a stupid mistake she’d made with the divorce attorney she’d hired when her ex stole all her money. So she probably shouldn’t be open to attempting another one-night stand. 
Except that, honestly, wasn’t it different if she knew about it up front? If both parties had the same expectation? While the outcome had been humiliating, she could admit that the sex with the attorney had been good, at least while she’d been in the moment.
Maybe it had been good because it was a one-night stand. 
She eyed Jack again. He certainly looked like he could please a woman in bed. Those big hands, with lean, nimble fingers. What would they feel like, caressing her breasts, sliding down her belly, between her thighs?
Those full, slightly pouty lips, trailing kisses along her throat, over her chest, suckling her nipples. His tongue darting out to tease her skin as he continued his downward path, until his lips were pressed against that part of her body that hadn’t felt the touch of a man’s lips in…
“Almost done, baby.” Chocolate brown eyes studied her from under hooded lids, pulling her abruptly from the impromptu fantasy. 	
She turned her head slightly away. The man looked as if the rented tux had been made specifically for him, whereas the groom looked faintly uncomfortable in the fancy duds. 
He stepped in front of the altar and offered the crook of his arm. Kennedy slipped her hand through and let it rest lightly on his forearm as they both turned and posed for the photographer.
“Don’t be gentle, baby,” he teased, which caused a surprised giggle to burst from her mouth just as the camera clicked. 
She lightly slapped his arm with her other hand. “You ruined that picture,” she scolded as they walked down the aisle.
“By making you laugh? How do you figure?”
Kennedy shook her head as she kept a smile plastered onto her face, in case someone was still taking pictures. “I don’t photograph well,” she explained. “Especially when I laugh.”
“That is one of the weirdest things I have ever heard,” he remarked, as they reached the end of the procession and were tugged apart by the wedding planner, who was positioning the attendants in preparation for the receiving line.
After greeting the guests and promising to see them at the reception, then smiling for another multitude of pictures, it was finally time to pile into the limo. Since Vanessa was doing a lousy job of managing her maid of honor duties, Kennedy picked up the slack and herded everyone into the backseat before rushing into the church to ensure they hadn’t left anything behind in the bride’s room. 
When she returned, the driver took the three bags she carried and placed them in the trunk, and then held the door open while Kennedy tried to duck into the back in a dress that wasn’t terribly accommodating to such activity.
The stretched vehicle was full. “Oh,” Kennedy said. “I guess I’ll sit in front.”
“You can’t,” Sabrina said. “Cullen’s grandma is up there. She said she wanted to flirt with the driver.” She giggled as she lifted a half empty bottle of champagne and drank straight from the bottle. Cullen gave her a bemused look. The driver cleared his throat, his gaze lifting to look at the almost cloudless sky. 
“There’s plenty of room,” Jack announced, and before Kennedy could react, he slipped his arm around her waist and hauled her into his lap.
“No!” Kennedy struggled, twisting her body, pushing against Jack’s chest, trying to shift into a less compromising position, even as the door slammed shut and the rest of the crowd in the limo laughed.
Jack’s arms wrapped around her body, effectively trapping her arms against her sides and forcing her to sit still. “Relax, babe,” he whispered next to her ear. “It’s a short ride to the reception and you shouldn’t be left out just because you were helping the bride.”
Kennedy tried to force herself to relax. He hadn’t been hitting on her, he had only tried to help. Yes, sitting in his lap elevated her own body temperature, but that was no reason to assume the guy was a sleaze. Besides, twenty minutes ago she had been giving serious consideration to the idea of having a one-night stand with him.
As she became aware of the bulge pressing into her backside, her thoughts plummeted into the gutter. Guess she was back to considering shagging him, even if she knew damn well it would only happen once. 
Jack loosened his hold and then cupped her waist and adjusted her in his lap. “Sorry,” he murmured. “That was feeling a little too good.”
Cullen shoved Jack’s shoulder. “Get off the bridesmaid.”
“Hey, what’s the problem?” Jack teased. “We’re both consenting adults. If she wants to sit in my lap, she has every right to do so.”
“There wasn’t anywhere else to sit,” Kennedy protested, feeling the need to defend herself. “And you pulled me into your lap.”
“Aw, that hurt. Are you saying you would have been happy riding in any old lap that was handy?”
“No!”
Kennedy could relate to Cullen’s reluctance to being in the spotlight. She hated knowing everyone in the limo was watching her, was laughing at her obvious discomfort. Jack thought he was helping, but truthfully she would have preferred to ride to the reception by herself, even if it meant missing out on the feel of his muscular chest against her back, that impressive bulge against her ass.
Damn, she was becoming a harlot in her own head. It really had been too long since she enjoyed skin-to-skin contact with a man. 
“I’m sorry,” she muttered, her eyes closed, her body tense as she focused every bit of attention on the effort not to move.
“Don’t apologize,” Jack admonished. “I was just teasing you.”
They arrived at the reception site and Kennedy bolted from the vehicle almost before it came to a complete stop.

***
 “It’s beautiful,” Sabrina declared as she and Cullen stepped into the ballroom, greeted by a round of applause and catcalls from their guests.
“You’re beautiful,” Cullen said, loud enough for their wedding guests to hear, while he nuzzled her ear. Sabrina giggled and did not push him away.
“Marriage seems to appeal to Cullen,” Jack commented as he and Kennedy stood side by side, next to the head table, watching as the new bride and groom were introduced.
“Cullen appeals to Sabrina,” Kennedy responded. 
“They’re good for each other. She brings out the best in him.”
“And he balances her.”
“Match made in heaven,” Jack said, his voice light with sarcasm.
Kennedy chuckled. “Hardly. They’re practically opposites. But they do prove the old adage that opposites attract.”
Cullen and Sabrina moved onto the dance floor as the band struck up the cords of “Just the Way You Are” by Billy Joel. Kennedy glanced at Jack and they burst out laughing. 
 “Our turn,” Jack murmured, and then he led her out onto the dance floor. 
As it turned out, he was a good dancer. He exuded a certain confidence and grace that was both slightly intimidating and overwhelming for someone like her, who hadn’t had a great deal of self-confidence even before she’d allowed her ex to walk all over her. 
 “You’re a good dancer,” Jack remarked as they swayed to the music. One hand rested lightly on the small of her back, while the other clasped her hand, gently guiding her around the dance floor.
“Thanks. It’s because I have a good partner.”
“We fit together well,” Jack said, and he surprised her by sending her into a twirl, before catching her and resuming the dance again.
“Oh,” she said breathlessly. 
Jack winked. “Stick with me, babe. I’m full of surprises.”
The song ended and the wedding party left the dance floor and headed to the head table, so that dinner could be announced.

***
Dinner led to the cake cutting ceremony and an endless stream of toasts. Kennedy gave her own tearful tribute, thanking Sabrina for being there for her own wedding and for giving Kennedy the opportunity to do the same for her.
Jack whispered to Cullen, “I didn’t know she’s married.” 
“Was. She’s been divorced a while. Three years, I think.”
“What? Was she sixteen when she got married?”
“Twenty-five, actually.”
“How long did it last?”
“Couple years. He cheated on her, so she left him.”
Jack studied Kennedy’s watery performance. “She doesn’t look like the type a guy would cheat on.”
Cullen shrugged. “Some guys like variety, I guess, regardless of how good the catch they have. Oh hell, now they’re both crying.” He stood up to comfort his wife, who was hugging Kennedy and openly sobbing. Jack stood up and pulled the microphone from Kennedy’s hand.
“I guess that’s my cue,” he said as he offered her a cloth napkin to dab her eyes. “Kennedy’s good at the sappy stuff; I’m good at the funny stuff.” 
That elicited a round of appreciative chuckles, and then he launched into the first of several amusing stories about some of his partner’s less-than-stellar moments in life. Cullen’s brother stood up and joined him at the mic, and within a few short minutes, they had the crowd roaring with laughter, all at the groom’s expense. 
He took it good-naturedly, though, lifting his drink in mock toast and saying, “I’m pretty sure I finally got it right now,” just before he dipped his head and kissed his smiling wife.
“Thanks for taking over,” Kennedy said as Jack dropped into the chair next to her. “I didn’t mean to get so emotional up there. I guess I’ve had a little too much to drink.”
“Haven’t we all?” He lifted his glass and drained it. “Isn’t that what you’re supposed to do at a wedding?”
She smiled and took another sip from her champagne glass. “I’m not sure supposed to is necessarily accurate. Although you’re right that it is pretty common.”
“More champagne or something else?” he asked.
“I like the champagne,” she admitted. “But I don’t know if there is any left.”
“Sure there is,” he said, and he stood up and left the table. When he returned, he held a bottle of sparkling wine in one hand and a bourbon and Coke in the other. He filled her glass and stuffed the bottle into the bucket full of ice sitting on the table at her elbow.
“Where’d you get it?” Kennedy asked as she sipped at her drink.
“Charmed it off one of the waitresses.”
She shook her head. “Why am I not surprised?”
Jack wanted to sleep with her, but he was not interested in anything more than a quick fling. Still, it irritated him that she thought he was that guy. Especially now that he knew her ex-husband had cheated on her. He didn’t want her to believe all guys were like her ex. Even though he intended to be intimate with her for only a brief time, he wanted her to understand that she was special for that short time. 
“Come on, let’s mingle.” He held out his hand in invitation. She placed her hand into his and he tugged her to her feet, leading her away from the table without releasing her.
“Introduce me to the Dallas side of the family,” Jack said. “But not Sabrina’s sister.” He shuddered.
“Still having issues with Vanessa?”
 “She’s drunk and she keeps hitting on me. And by the way, I’m definitely throwing off not interested vibes.” 
He liked the relieved look that flashed in her eyes. He liked that he was able to put it there.
“Who are those people?” He pointed at a small group of people huddled on the edge of the dance floor, talking animatedly.
 Her fact lit up with a fond smile. “My parents. And my brother, Carter.”
“Carter?” Jack arched his blond brow.
Kennedy giggled. “My parents have a thing for presidential names.”
“I’ll say.”
“You have a problem with that, Jack?”
“Actually, my name is Jackson.” He grinned cheekily when she continued giggling. He liked the sound of her giggle. He had the sense she didn’t do it often, and he felt a moment of pride that he was able to elicit the reaction so easily. He glanced at the half-empty champagne glass in her hand and decided to pretend it was him, not the alcohol, that helped her to relax.
 “Let’s go say hi,” he said, and without waiting for a reply, he tugged her hand and led her toward the small group. By the time they reached the gathering, another woman had joined them, wrapping her arms around Kennedy’s brother from behind, and resting her chin on his shoulder. He looked faintly embarrassed by the public display of affection.
“That’s Sheryl, my brother’s girlfriend,” Kennedy whispered before they stepped to within hearing distance of the small family gathering. “She’s a little much to take when you first meet her,” she warned.
Kennedy’s parents were typical friendly southern folk. They both greeted Jack warmly, complimenting him on his amusing speech, and thanked him for watching out for their daughter. Kennedy rolled her eyes.
“He isn’t even my date, Mom,” she protested. “We just happened to be in the wedding party together.”
Mrs. St. George eyed him in a way that would make a lesser man uncomfortable. “You two sure looked good walking down the aisle together.”
“Mo-o-o-m.”
Kennedy’s annoyance at her mother’s broad hint made it easier for him to take it in stride. Otherwise he might have gone running in the other direction. Matchmaking mamas ranked up there with married women on his not interested list.
“Maybe it’s just him,” Kennedy’s brother’s girlfriend purred. She straightened away from Carter and strutted over, surprising everyone by enveloping Jack in a full-body hug.
Jack disengaged himself and chuckled. “Well, that’s a hell of a greeting.”
Sheryl smiled coyly and batted heavily made up blue eyes. “There’s more where that came from.” 
Carter scowled. His mother tried to divert everyone’s attention by speaking overly loudly about how lovely the wedding was, and how delicious the food was, and how adorable the bride and groom were.
“Honey, we’re going to have to consider moving to New Orleans at this rate,” she said to her husband. “It seems every time one of the children on your side of the family gets married, that’s where they end up.”
“Vanessa’s still here in Dallas,” her husband remarked. “What about you, Carter? You going to move to New Orleans when you get married?”
“Not getting married,” he said distractedly. He was busy watching his girlfriend flirt with Jack, who figured if the guy did want to get married, this was definitely not the right choice.
Kennedy, too, was assessing the situation, no doubt trying to figure out how best to help her brother’s predicament. Before Jack could ascertain what she planned to do, she wrapped her arms around his bicep and said, “Come on, Jack. Dance with me.”
He tossed her an amused look and politely excused them both before leading her out to the dance floor. “Sacrificing yourself for your brother’s happiness?” he teased.
“It’s not really a sacrifice. But that was pretty bold of her to flirt with you right under Carter’s nose.”
“She was just flirting.”
“Just flirting more often than not leads to other activities.”
Her tone was icy. It took Jack a few seconds to realize why.
“Sorry. I forgot. About your ex, I mean.”
She shook her head. “It’s not me I’m worried about,” she explained. “I don’t want my brother to get hurt, that’s all.”
He didn’t believe her, not entirely, but he was wise enough to let the subject drop. Instead, he pulled her close, wrapped his arms around her waist, nuzzled her ear.
“This isn’t a slow song,” she pointed out. Her voice sounded awfully breathy.
“Yeah, I know. But I like holding you in my arms. It feels good.”
“Oh.” 

***
Kennedy wished she were wittier. It seemed all she could ever say around Jack was “oh” or “oh God.” Not exactly stimulating responses.
Jack was certainly stimulated. They were close enough that she could feel his erection pressing into her belly. He wasn’t trying to hide it, either. When he nuzzled her ear, she tilted her head to give him better access. And then she realized what was happening.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Hitting on you. Is it working?”
“Um…”
“Want to go somewhere more private?”
“Umm…”
He twirled her away, pulled her back and caught her, squeezing her more tightly than he had been a moment before. Kennedy forgot to breathe. She was distantly aware of the fact that he was backing her off the dance floor. She knew she should, but she made no move to stop him. Sabrina’s warning echoed in her head, but all she could think was, I deserve to have fun tonight. I can handle a one-night stand.
I want a one-night stand. 
A few minutes later, he led her up a set of stairs that climbed from a hallway near the kitchen to the second floor.
“How did you know these stairs were even here?” she wondered as she held his hand and followed.
“I scoped out the place when we first arrived. Force of habit,” he admitted. She knew he was talking about his job, not his past liaisons, which she appreciated. For the moment, she wanted to pretend she was the only one. Otherwise, she might back out.
 At the top of the stairs, he paused to flash her a grin over his shoulder. She gave him a wobbly smile in return. He tugged her hand, leading her to the bride’s room. 
Where they found Cullen and Sabrina, prematurely sealing their wedding vows.
“Guess they can’t get it annulled now,” Jack remarked as he quietly pulled the door closed. 
She shook her head, the reality of this decision finally pushing through the haze of alcohol and lust. “This is a bad idea. Sabrina says I’m supposed to stay away from you.”
“I’m going to have a talk with Sabrina about interfering with my sex life,” Jack muttered. “Why did she say that?”
Kennedy shrugged. “You’re a player.”
“Are you looking for forever, Kennedy?” 
She gasped and vehemently shook her head. Been there, done that, didn’t work out the way it was supposed to, she almost said out loud.
“Me neither. So how is this a bad thing again?”
“Umm…”
“I’m usually pretty good with the intuition thing. And my intuition is telling me that you are attracted to me.”
Kennedy cleared her throat. “I–I think your intuition is correct.”
Jack grinned. “I thought so. And I’m sure it’s pretty damn obvious that I’m attracted to you.” 
To prove his point, he backed her up to the wall, pressed his palms against the wallpaper and dipped his head to nibble at her throat. She made a small, strangled noise and grabbed his shoulders to keep herself from falling when her knees buckled.
Jack sucked her earlobe into his mouth. “I promise, babe, you won’t regret it. I’m a very attentive lover.”
“Oh God.”
“I want to hear you scream that.”
“Limo,” she managed to say on a gasp, and she grabbed his hand and dragged him back down the hall to the stairs. She had no idea what caused her to think of the stretched vehicle out in the parking lot, all she knew was that three years of self-enforced celibacy had pushed her libido to the limit. She wanted to break her fast, and she wanted to do it right now, with this man. 
Whatever happened tomorrow didn’t matter. Whatever happened in two hours wouldn’t matter. She just needed right now, and she needed it to involve she and Jack and a distinct lack of clothing. 
The driver sat in the front seat, reading a newspaper and tapping his foot to the beat of a country song blaring from the speakers. Jack handed him a wad of cash and tucked Kennedy into the back of the limo. As soon as they were inside, the car lurched into motion, sending her tumbling into the groomsman’s lap. He pushed the button to raise the darkened glass that separated them from the front.
“We aren’t really doing this, are we?” she asked as Jack smoothed her skirt up her legs so she could straddle his lap without tearing her dress.
“Hell yes, we are. You don’t want to know how much I just paid that guy to drive around in circles for half an hour.”
“Half an hour?”
“Trust me, babe.” He flipped her onto her back on the plush leather seat.
“What?” 
He laid down on top of her, his body nestled between her thighs as he propped himself up on his elbows. “Have you ever had sex in a limo before?”
She shook her head, staring up at him.
“It’s fun,” he promised, and he dipped his head and kissed her.
Kennedy should be embarrassed that the driver knew precisely what they were doing back there while he drove aimlessly around town. She wasn’t this sort of woman. She’d slept with precious few men before meeting her ex-husband, and she’d only slept with one since asking for the divorce. It had been a knee-jerk reaction with the lawyer she’d gone to after discovering Jerry stole all her money. He’d promised to retrieve her money, even offered a reduced fee, if she would sleep with him, and she’d been so distraught and confused that she’d done it. Except afterward she’d been too mortified to face him again, so she’d sent him an email letting him know she no longer required his services, and then went to a far more expensive female lawyer who was no less intimidating, but at least she didn’t hit on Kennedy. 
 “I don’t normally do this,” she said, her voice breathy as he slowly made his way down her body, kissing every inch of exposed flesh along the way. The fantasies she’d had at the wedding flashed through her mind. The real thing was so much better.
 He pushed the dress over her shoulders and tugged at the bodice, revealing her bronze-colored bra. He pursed his lips around one lace-covered breast and breathed. Hot, moist air puckered the nipple. Kennedy arched into his touch and made another strangled noise of pleasure.
“Glad to hear it,” Jack said as he focused his attention on the other breast. “I like the idea of being your first.”
She arched again, threaded her fingers into his hair and squeezed. “I mean this,” she gasped. “Sex. Mindless. No commitments.”
Jack paused in his ministrations and lifted his head to look at her face. “Do you want me to stop?”
“Oh God, no,” she said before she could think, possibly utter another answer. Not that she would at this point. Every nerve ending in her body was screaming with anticipation. If he stopped now, she was certain she would self-combust.
He gave her a lazy smile. “You can handle this, babe. No strings. No worries. Just let me pleasure you.”
“O-okay.”
He dipped his head, kissed her cleavage, and then continued his downward path, until his elbows were pressed into the leather seats and his hands cupped her thighs, holding her steady while he laved at her as if she were the tastiest ice cream cone. Her fingers stayed threaded in his hair as she urged him on with gentle pushes. 
Her hips bucked. She chanted, “Oh God, oh God, oh God,” and then she exploded, from the inside out, the orgasm so intense her back bowed off the seat.
Jack sat back on his haunches, fighting with the clasp on his tuxedo pants, fumbling in his urgency to be inside her.
And then he was, leaning forward, pressing into her, his arms around her back, his hands cupping her head. He kissed her and thrust, and kissed her and thrust, again and again and–suddenly he pushed away and pulled out.
Kennedy’s eyes shot open and she blinked dazedly as he sat back and contorted his body, struggling to reach something in the pants that were twisted around his knees. 
“What are you doing?” she asked, confused.
“Damn it,” Jack muttered. He finally managed to pull his wallet out of his pants. “I can’t believe I almost forgot to use protection. Shit. I never do that.”
Kennedy lay back against the seat and breathed a sigh of relief. She watched him struggle to open the condom package and then attempt to sheath his erection. His hands shook so badly, he couldn’t seem to get it right. It was oddly thrilling.
She finally took pity on him. “Our half hour is running out.” She pushed his hands away and quickly and efficiently rolled the condom over his erection. He closed his eyes and let her do it, making a sexy noise deep in his throat.
“Okay,” she said, and she opened her arms. “Come here.”
“Anything you say, babe.” He moved over her, positioned his erection, and thrust again. “Yeah,” he grunted as he pulled out and thrust again. And again. And again.
“Oh God.” She began the chant; her insides began to coil round and round, tighter and tighter, in a parody of pleasure combined with the edge of pain. She arched against him, dropped her hands to grab his butt, and pulled him more tightly against her.
He responded by thrusting harder and faster, grunting between kisses. “Come on, baby,” he crooned. “Come with me. Come on.”
“Yes!”
She exploded. Jack let out a yell of his own as he chased her over the edge before collapsing on top of her.
“I don’t think I can move,” he muttered a few moments later.
“I hope that changes quickly, because I can’t breathe.”
He shifted onto his side, taking Kennedy with him so that they faced one another on the seat.
“You okay?” he asked as he let his hand wander, smoothing over the dress that still covered half her body.
She smiled. Her smile wasn’t wobbly anymore. Amazing what great sex could do for a woman. “Quite. This is a little embarrassing to admit, but it’s been a while.”
He rolled his hips. “Give me a few minutes, and I bet I can manage another go ‘round.”
The limo lurched to a stop. She struggled into a seated position as she frantically began pulling herself together. Jack disposed of the used condom and then tugged his pants over his hips and tucked his shirt into the waistband. The driver knocked on the window, and Jack pressed the button to roll it down just enough to let the man know they would be out in a moment.
“This is so embarrassing,” she moaned while Jack helped her adjust her dress. 
“You’re embarrassed that you had sex with me?”
“I’m embarrassed that he knows we just had sex.” She jabbed her thumb at the door.
“Relax, babe. He sees this stuff all the time.” 
He did not give her a chance to respond. He pushed open the door, climbed out, and then bent and helped her out of the limo. Kennedy turned to look at her reflection in the mirrored windows. 
“I look terrible.”
“You look hot.”
“I look like I just had sex.”
“Which is hot.”
She rolled her eyes and tried to fix her hair. In contrast, Jack simply ran a hand through his and apparently considered himself good to go. She focused on her own disheveled locks again. 
“I don’t think I can go back into the reception,” she protested.
He glanced at his watch. “It’s almost over anyway. Want the limo to take you back to the hotel?”
“What are you going to do?”
“Go inside and let Sabrina and your parents know that you left, so they won’t worry.”
The gesture was curiously endearing. “Thanks. Really. I mean, thanks. That was…great.”
He leaned into her, tucked an errant strand of hair behind her ear, and brushed a kiss over her lips. “You’re right. It was great.”
And then he was gone, striding across the parking lot toward the reception hall. Without looking the driver in the eye, Kennedy asked him to take her to the hotel and then climbed back into the limo. She sank into the seat and blew out another deep breath.
Oh my God, she’d just had sex with renowned playboy Jack Boudreaux.
And she’d liked it. A lot.

 
CHAPTER TWO


“Thanks for coming to the airport with me, Kennedy.”
“Sure. Why is Vanessa coming to New Orleans anyway? The last time she was here was for my wedding.”
Sabrina grimaced. “I know. It’s weird. We barely tolerate each other half the time, and we just spent a week together right before my wedding, which was only a month ago. Oh, and get this: she’s coming alone.”
Her friend parked the car in short-term parking, and the two women headed into the baggage claim area to wait. Vanessa strutted into view wearing a short, red dress, strappy, matching sandals with spiked heels, and to complete the fire engine effect, a pair of bright red designer sunglasses. She dragged her wheeled carry-on bag with her oversized purse perched on top behind her, and her steps faltered when she spotted Kennedy and Sabrina.
“Where is your new husband?” Vanessa demanded of her sister. “And his partner?”
Sabrina furrowed her brow. “Why in the world would Cullen and Jack come with us to pick you up from the airport?”
Vanessa ignored her question. “So they’re at home, waiting for us?” 
Sabrina shook her head. “No. They’re both at work.”
“At seven o’clock on a Thursday evening?” She sounded aghast. “Still?”
“Actually, Cullen got a call at four this morning. He’s been gone ever since. I assume Jack’s with him.”
“What a horrible job. How do you stand it?” 
Sabrina shrugged and led the women toward the parking structure. “It’s part of his job. He loves it, so who am I to complain? I knew what I was getting into.” She popped the trunk of her car and placed Vanessa’s bag inside.
“Mom said you had to cut your honeymoon short because he got called to work a case.”
“Not quite,” Sabrina said as she guided the car out of the airport. “We were on our way home when he got the call. As soon as we reached the Dallas airport, Cullen got on a new plane and headed to Houston, and I came home.”
Kennedy knew Jack had been called to meet him in Houston, because Sabrina told her while the two had unpacked her luggage. She could tell that her cousin was sad, but, selfishly, she had been glad the two men were called away for business. 
She wasn’t quite ready to face Jack yet. She hadn’t seen him since they’d slept together at the wedding, and she squirmed like a child who had to pee and was holding it too long every time she thought about it. It had been so good…and so bad. She tried to blame the alcohol, but deep down, she knew better. 
She’d wanted to end her sexual fast. She’d wanted to remember what it was like to feel pleasure with someone other than her trusty vibrator. And she’d been undeniably attracted to Jack. The fact that he was attracted to her as well…she’d been totally unable to resist. She had sex in a limo! The very idea made her feel…sexy. It made her realize that she was wasting away, keeping herself holed up, shying away from the dating world.
Or the world of mindless one-night stands.
Not that she planned to make them a habit, but the experience had been so good, she seriously wondered why she hadn’t indulged before. She just had to make sure that next time she chose someone who was not involved with her inner circle of friends and family.
It was inevitable that she and Jack would bump into one another, undoubtedly sooner rather than later. Since he was a habitual one-night stand kind of guy, she hoped he would do whatever it took to keep the situation from becoming too awkward, although she had no idea what that might be. She was pretty sure her face would turn seventeen shades of red the next time she saw him.
Which brought her back to the point of selfishly being glad he and Cullen had been working so hard since the honeymoon, because the longer she could put off that initial after-the-one-night-stand encounter, the better.
“Is it all the same case, or is this something new?” Vanessa wanted to know.
“No idea,” Sabrina said. “Cullen doesn’t tell me much about his work. It’s kind of frowned upon for FBI agents to divulge government secrets.”
“That’s insane. How do you know he isn’t cheating on you this very minute?” Vanessa demanded.
Sabrina’s eyes widened. “Where is this coming from, Vanessa? We just got married, for crying out loud. I’m reasonably certain he isn’t sleeping with someone else.”
Vanessa sniffed. “Just wait. Give it ten years or so. All those stupid bastards are the same. I thought yours was an anomaly, Kennedy. I thought it was you. But it wasn’t. Well, in my case it certainly wasn’t.” She thrust out her chin and all but shook with righteous indignation. Kennedy was so used to her cousin’s selfishness, she didn’t even bother getting offended.
Sabrina, on the other hand, clearly surmised something was amiss. She abruptly pulled the car into the parking lot of a local Mexican restaurant, shoved the gear into park, and cut the engine. 
“Are you trying to tell us that Mac is cheating on you? Mac?”
Kennedy could understand Sabrina’s disbelief. Mac was devoted to Vanessa and their son. Vanessa was a high-maintenance woman, and Mac was the perfect man for her, because he actually seemed to enjoy dedicating himself to pleasing her. It was hard to imagine the easy-going, slightly socially awkward accountant taking up with another woman.
“Mac?” Kennedy said, echoing her cousin. 
“I need a drink,” Vanessa declared, and she pushed open the door and climbed out of the car. Sabrina glanced into the backseat.
“Do you need to be somewhere?”
Kennedy shook her head. “I’m good. Actually, I want to hear this.” They scrambled to follow Vanessa into the restaurant.
Over the course of a shared platter of nachos—heavy on the jalapeños—and two pitchers of margaritas, Sabrina and Kennedy learned that Mac was spending far more time at work than usual, which was odd given that it was June—not typically a busy season for tax accountants.
“We haven’t had sex since your wedding, Sabrina,” Vanessa admitted mournfully. “You’ve been through this, Kennedy. How did you figure out Jerry was cheating on you?”
Kennedy grabbed her margarita and sucked on the straw as she frantically tried to figure out how to answer Vanessa’s question. As far as she knew, Jerry hadn’t cheated on her. Truthfully, she doubted he had. Jerry had always been more interested in gambling than he was in sex.
“Um…he, uh…”
“Didn’t you say the woman contacted you through Facebook, and when you confronted Jerry, he didn’t deny it?” Sabrina supplied.
Kennedy vigorously nodded, thankful her cousin had remembered the story she’d weaved. “Yes. That’s it.”
“But what were the signs?” Vanessa asked. “Maybe you didn’t notice before you found out, but you can’t tell me you didn’t think about it afterward and think, duh, I should’ve known all along. What were the signs?”
The only sign she had was when she went grocery shopping and her debit card was declined. When she went home and logged into her bank account on the computer, she discovered it was empty. As was the shared retirement fund and the separate account she kept specifically for Christmas gifts. And her credit cards were maxed, every one, even the department store cards. Jerry had really done a number on her. There had been plenty of times over the past three years that she’d almost wished he’d cheated instead of nearly pushing her into bankruptcy. 
“Vanessa, this isn’t a subject I really like to talk about,” Kennedy muttered, because she did not want to spin a web of lies that she would have to remember every time she saw her cousin in the future.
“Is that why you came to visit?” Sabrina asked. “To get away from Mac for a few days?”
Vanessa shook her head. “No. I came here to have my own affair. With Jack.”

***
Jack rubbed his raw eyes with his fists and shook his head when Cullen offered him another cup of coffee. “If I drink any more coffee, it’s going to eat through the lining of my stomach.”
“If I don’t drink more coffee, I’m going to fall asleep standing here,” Cullen replied as he sipped at the scalding liquid.
Jack glanced at his watch. It was after eight in the evening, and they’d both been awake since four that morning. He had gone to bed close to midnight the night before, so he’d been working for sixteen straight hours on just over four hours’ sleep. At some point, they would both crash and burn.
But not yet. The case wasn’t solved yet.
“Do you sort of wish the locals had kept this one?” Jack asked his partner.
“Yes,” Cullen agreed, a scant moment before their boss walked into the office and tossed a manila file folder onto his desk.
He was a hardened man with small, sharp eyes and a thick, salt and pepper mustache. His head was bald and shiny. He’d spent thirty years in the field before finally giving in to pressure from his superiors and accepting a director position, which forced him to spend more time behind a desk but no less time on the job. He was a tough boss, but a good one, and he’d taught Cullen and Jack everything they knew about being solid field agents.
“Too damn bad,” Hank said as he dropped heavily into the creaking, faux leather chair behind the desk. “Like we already suspected, this is connected to that murder down in Houston. And five others in three states. This is an FBI case, whether we want it or not.”
Jack shrugged and leaned against the wall, crossing his ankles and his arms. “We get to learn about a different lifestyle at any rate. Unless you’re familiar with this particular lifestyle, Cullen?” he teased his partner.
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I’ve only ever hung out at strip clubs that feature women. Half-naked men don’t do it for me.”
“How about the women who fawn over those half-naked men?” Hank suggested as he opened the file. “Do they do it for you? Because you two are going undercover to figure this thing out.”
 He and Cullen exchanged uneasy glances. Undercover? At a traveling all male revue? 
“The owner seems to think dying dancers is bad for business. Apparently it isn’t easy to find guys who are good enough at dancing, have nice enough bodies, and the ability to convince women to spend their hard-earned cash for a chance to cop a feel.” He snorted. “I guess women are more discerning than us. I’ve been to strip clubs with some pretty ugly dancers, but when they take off the clothes, it’s still hot.”
Hank picked up a stack of eight-by-ten photographs and one by one, dropped them onto the desk. Each photograph showed a man, lying on his stomach, his back a mangled, bloody mess. The setting was different in each picture, as was the victim’s hair color, body style, and clothing. Or, in a few cases, lack thereof. 
But the mode of death was the same: multiple stab wounds to the back. There was no denying these men had been killed by the same means, likely by the same person.
Hank picked up a piece of paper and pushed his bifocals further up on the bridge of his nose. “This all male revue travels from city to city and stays for two weekends at a time. It partners with a local club and splits the cover and drinks. Dancers also give the owner a percentage of their tips. They start on a Wednesday, play through the weekend, take off Monday and Tuesday, and then play Wednesday through Saturday night before packing up to move to the next town on Sunday.”
“Pretty grueling lifestyle,” Jack commented as he inspected one of the gruesome photos. Not that he needed to. He’d seen the real thing shortly after four this morning. 
The guy had been twenty years old, his life ended a few feet from the back door of the club in which he’d danced the night before. Since then, Jack had learned that the kid was a college student, majoring in criminal justice, who danced only during the summer months to pay for tuition. If the kid had lived, he might very well have become an FBI agent someday. 
Hank snorted. “Yeah, right. Party all night, get laid as often as you want, sleep all day, and do it all over again the next night. And you get to see the sights on your off days.”
“Maybe you should look into a career change, Jack,” Cullen suggested. “That’s practically your lifestyle now.”
He didn’t bother to contradict his partner. Cullen wouldn’t believe him anyway if he told him he hadn’t gotten laid since Cullen’s own wedding. Since he figured his partner would be pissed off to learn that he’d screwed Sabrina’s cousin in the back of the limo during the wedding reception, that was just another reason not to tell him the truth.
“Well guess what?” Hank said as he once again leaned back in his creaky chair. “That’s exactly what you’re going to do. You’re going undercover.”
He barked out a laugh. “Cullen’s going to be a dancer? He’ll scare all the chicks away.”
“That’s why he’s going to be a bouncer. You’re going to be the dancer.”
This time, Cullen laughed.
“You start tomorrow,” Hank said brusquely. “The owner shut it down for tonight, ostentatiously out of respect for the dead, but really, I guess this kid was a pretty popular act, and he was afraid the show wouldn’t be as good with a big hole in it. No one but the owner knows who you really are. Cullen–you’re a bouncer, working for the club. Jack–you’re a dancer, working for the revue. You don’t know each other.” He glanced at his watch. “Doors open at eight. If I were you, I’d go home, get some sleep, and then hit the gym. Like I said, the ladies are more discerning than us men.”

CHAPTER THREE


“Go out with me tonight, Kennedy.”
“It’s Friday,” she complained. “I had a long week at work. I’m tired. I’m going to put on my pajamas, have a glass of wine, and spend quality time with a good book.”
“That’s lame. That’s not how single women act. How do you ever expect to pick up men with that attitude?” Vanessa asked. 
“Picking up men isn’t exactly high on my to do list, I guess.”
“Well, it should be. And it’s high on mine. Come on, let’s go trolling. Sabrina told me where Jack tends to hang out on the weekends. Let’s go find him.”
That was exactly the last thing Kennedy wanted to do. Not to mention her utter lack of interest in watching her cousin seek revenge on her husband by throwing herself at Jack. Although apparently that wasn’t the entire reason Vanessa wanted to hook up with him.
“He is so damn hot,” she cooed the evening before, as they sat around a table and shared margaritas and nachos. “I could just lick him from head to toe.”
Kennedy recalled how he’d licked her from head to…well, not quite toes. But it had been pretty damn hot.
“I swear, I could have taken him home from Sabrina’s wedding, if Mac hadn’t been there.”
That had been a revelation to Kennedy, since she’d been the one to sleep with him that night. She’d learned that after she went back to the hotel and Jack returned to the reception, Vanessa latched onto him for the rest of the evening, completely ignoring her husband and blatantly flirting with the good-looking FBI agent.
 Would he have gone home with Vanessa, if not for Mac? Sabrina insisted he was a player. Did players hook up with more than one woman in a given night?
Of course they did. And Vanessa was, undeniably, an exceedingly attractive woman. She was also highly aggressive. When she set her sights onto something or someone, that person was hard-pressed to say no.
Which Vanessa proved correct when Kennedy showed up on Sabrina’s doorstep an hour later, a reluctant club buddy to her cousin. Sabrina was out, attending a work function.
“Cullen go with Sabrina?” she asked as she waited for Vanessa to stop admiring herself in the mirror in the hall.
“No idea,” Vanessa said absently, “although they left separately.”
So, did that mean Cullen was working, or were he and Jack out someplace, having a beer? She considered the places where she thought they might potentially run into Jack, and then she steered her cousin in exactly the opposite direction.

***
Jack had been undercover for less than an hour and already he hated the lifestyle of a male stripper. It sure as hell wasn’t exotic, at least not yet. In fact, so far, it was pretty damn high maintenance.
When he arrived at the back door to the club at seven, as instructed, the owner of the Diamond Dancers All Male Revue met him there. The owner called himself Danny Diamond, and he looked like a well-preserved extra from The Sopranos television series. He had a thick head of dark hair, a large, square jaw, and despite the fact that he was fifty, his body was as buff as Jack’s.
Danny talked a mile a minute as he filled Jack in on the dancers’ various processes and rules and responsibilities, and then he handed Jack off to a dancer named Sweetspot, who, Danny explained, was going to show Jack how to prep himself for the stage.
Danny started to walk away and then stopped. “Are you gay?”
Jack shook his head. “Does that matter?”
“Nope,” Danny replied and then he continued walking away, tossing over his shoulder, “But it might help to know Sweetspot isn’t either.” 
Gay or not, it was still damned uncomfortable to let some other guy shave his legs and chest, so Jack insisted on doing it himself. Shaving his face every day was bad enough. He had a whole new respect for the lengths women went to in order to maintain their beauty. While he appreciated a smooth pair of legs, he’d never really given much thought to what went into making them feel that way.
At least Sweetspot didn’t offer to shave that other area of his body. Instead, he handed Jack a black bikini that looked small even for some of the women he knew and instructed him to “make sure no hair shows when you put this thing on. Most guys just shave it all, but that’s up to you.” 
He shrugged and walked away, leaving Jack alone to wish Cullen had been chosen to be the dancer in this undercover gig. Unfortunately, he knew damn well Cullen could never do it. He probably didn’t even own a razor, if the state of the perpetual scruff on his face was any indication. Besides, the rest of the guys in this revue were all what Cullen would call “pretty boys.” Jack was the least pretty of the bunch, and Cullen had even on occasion accused him of spending too much time on his appearance. 
“You’re a way better dancer, too,” Cullen had said with a laugh earlier this evening, when they’d met at Jack’s place to formulate their game plan for this gig.
It was true, unfortunately. While his mother’s insistence that he take dance lessons as a pre-teen had aided his quest to score dates and consequently get laid throughout life, for the first time, Jack considered it a curse. If he hadn’t had the ability to dance, no matter how pretty or how hairless he was, he would not have been able to carry off this assignment.
He shaved as little as he could get away with and then coated his body with baby oil, per Sweetspot’s instructions. He pulled his jeans on over the ridiculous black bikini and went in search of the dancer named Lancelot, who was the most effeminate of all the dancers and who also had the best moves. 
Lancelot had long, blond hair and pale, blue eyes and was shorter and thinner than the rest of the dancers. He sniffed and looked up at Jack. “Where does Danny get you brutes?” he muttered. “He picks you for your looks and then expects me to make dancers of you. And it’s half an hour to show time. All right, let’s get started. Let’s see what you’ve got.”
He pressed a button on his phone and then placed it on a dock perched on a small table nearby. The space they were using was small, too small to do any sort of twirls or significant dance moves, but that wasn’t what Lancelot wanted from him anyway.
“However you want to dance out onto the stage doesn’t matter,” he explained as the chords of “Closer” by Nine Inch Nails, filled the air. “It’s what you do once you’ve reached the middle of that stage. Now. Watch.”
Lancelot placed his hands behind his head, closed his eyes, and twisted and swirled his body. In the blink of an eye he morphed from slightly too skinny, a slightly too girly guy into a sex machine that Jack was certain every girl in the room would drool over.
“Your turn.”
His rendition was far more clumsy and awkward.
“You have promise,” Lancelot said thoughtfully. “Good movement. Very fluid. I bet the ladies love how you fuck.”
 Kennedy certainly hadn’t complained. Well, neither had any of the myriad other women he’d hooked up with over the years, but for some reason, he’d been damned pleased with himself for hooking Kennedy. He’d developed a bit of an obsession for the woman recently.
The fact that it had been her idea to escape to the limo had made the experience even hotter. The fact that she admitted she’d never done that with anyone else before had made it damn near impossible for him to hold out long enough for her to find release.
Twice. He was damned pleased about that, too. He got his rocks off by pleasuring the women he was with. Getting Kennedy off twice in the course of less than half an hour had been the headiest aphrodisiac he’d ever experienced.
“That’s good. Whoever you’re thinking about, it’s working. Now, do the moves again. It’s important to get the feel for dancing while you’re hard. The ladies like a hard dick better than a soft one. Try it again.”
Shit. Jack grimaced and adjusted his swollen cock. So he had to dance–with a hard on–and think about Kennedy. At least the last bit wasn’t exactly a tough assignment.
The realization that he wanted to sleep with her again took him by surprise. He’d expected his initial interest to revolve around wanting to get her naked, have sex with her, and get her out of his system. But when it was over, it had taken every ounce of willpower he possessed not to climb right back into that limo with her and suggest they go back to her room and continue in the same vein.
When he retired to the hotel a couple of hours later, he’d even stood outside the door to her room, arm lifted, debating whether to knock. She probably was asleep, though, and he didn’t know her well enough to know how she would react to him standing on her doorstep in the middle of the night. For all he knew, she’d wanted nothing more than a quick release as well, and she fully expected him to act as if nothing had ever happened the next time they saw one another.
Which he was sorry to say hadn’t yet happened. The morning after the wedding, Kennedy had packed up her belongings and headed over to her parents’ house to brunch with them before going home to New Orleans. They hadn’t been on the same flight home, either. His fantasies about joining the Mile High Club hadn’t materialized. 
For the duration of Cullen and Sabrina’s honeymoon, Jack had put in a ridiculous amount of hours, covering the jobs of two people instead of one. There’d been little time left for anything other than sleeping and eating.
Then there’d been that last-minute summons to help with the case in Houston, and even though he’d made it a point to start hanging out at Cullen and Sabrina’s place as frequently as possible since returning from Houston, Kennedy had not done the same.
He’d have to alleviate that situation soon, he decided as he obediently danced for Lancelot again. He hadn’t gotten laid since the wedding, and a month was a long time to go without sex. Especially when you spent every damn night obsessing over the woman with whom you slept with the last time.
Maybe she was interested in having a fuck buddy. That would be perfect. Then he could sleep with her on the regular, for as long as he wanted, until he was finally over this slightly annoying…What was it, exactly, that he was feeling? An affliction? A problem? Was she a potential complication? 
Jack didn’t usually get involved with women. He enjoyed women. He enjoyed sex. He occasionally enjoyed sex with the same woman for short spurts of time. But he did not obsess over them. He did not turn down opportunities with other women because he’d really rather be with one specific brown-haired lady with bright green eyes and a yen for sex in limos. 
He did not come up with excuses to hang out with his partner when they weren’t at work, on the off chance that a specific woman would happen to also be hanging out at his house.
It must be the sex. She’d been damned amazing, so open and inviting, so reactive to everything he did. For Christ’s sake, when had he ever forgotten to put on a condom? Never, that’s when. Even as an eager, desperate-to-get laid teen, he’d still remembered the rubber.
Yeah, he definitely needed to sleep with her again.
Lancelot clapped his hands and cut the music. “Okay, I declare you good enough,” he said with a sharp nod. “You’re still a little rough, but we’ll put you into the rotation toward the end. The ladies will be so liquored up by then that they’ll hardly notice. And you are definitely a sexy slab of beef, with an impressive package to show off, so that’s all they’ll be looking at anyway.”
Jack had never felt so damned demeaned in all his life.
“Who the fuck are you?”
Jack turned at the sound of the aggressive voice, instantly reaching for the gun that wasn’t there before catching himself and letting his hands drop to his sides as he followed Lancelot out of the small practice room and into the makeshift dressing room. The dressing room was separated from the stage and the front of the club by temporary walls the revue set up to convert what was normally a dance club into a strip club.
He should have known Cullen was the reason for the dancer’s pissed off tone. His undercover partner strutted into the dressing room wearing a giant attitude and a black T-shirt underneath a black, loose fitting unbuttoned collared shirt and a pair of jeans in the same color. The loose-fitting shirt concealed the weapon that Cullen had flat out refused to give up, despite Danny’s protest that guns were strictly forbidden in his revue.
“Somebody has to be armed,” Cullen had said. “And it sure as hell can’t be Jack. That thong he’s gonna have to wear isn’t big enough to carry a gun. Hell, it’s barely big enough to hold him in.” 
Cullen was getting far too much enjoyment out of this assignment. Jack would have to figure out a way to exact revenge when this was over and done.
“I’m your protection,” Cullen declared now in a clearly mocking tone. “Since none of you pretty boys are able to protect yourselves.” He was solidly into his role as the angry, slightly jealous bouncer being forced to protect a bunch of male strippers from their own clientele.
“At least we need protection,” someone chimed out from behind a row of costumes hanging from an aluminum rack, “since we’re more likely to get laid.”
That comment was greeted with assent and chuckles of appreciation even as Jack thought, not likely. Cullen, since his wedding, was happier than Jack had ever known him, and he and Cullen had been partners for more than ten years.  
Cullen ignored the comment and began pacing back and forth in front of the door that led out to the club proper. “I’ve been instructed that all you pansies are too wimpy to make it to your cars alone when the show’s over. My job’s to babysit you, both inside and out of the club. So don’t even think about leaving without an escort.”
The chuckles turned into grumbles and a few threats. One dancer even stepped forward, as if he intended to challenge Cullen. Cullen didn’t look the least bit fazed. Danny Diamond slipped into the room.
“His instructions come from me,” Danny announced, crossing his arms over his chest and planting his legs a shoulder’s width apart, as he stood and glared at each dancer in turn.
“I’m sick and fucking tired of losing my dancers. You all represent a lot of money to me, and I don’t like to lose money. So you’re going to put up with the asshole guard, and you’re going to do whatever the hell he says, so that you all can come back here each night and make me more money. Got it?”
“What if he asks me to blow him?” That comment came from the back again. 
Jack scanned the group, trying to determine who was the smartass. He spotted the one: a dancer who was on the short side but had massive pecks and arms the size of a large woman’s thighs. He wore a black cowboy hat and black leather straps tied around his biceps, and a pair of chaps covered his legs. He made a mental note to keep an eye on the guy. The loudest smartasses were usually the ones least likely to follow the rules. And his job, like Cullen’s, was to keep these guys alive. All of them. Smartass or not.
Danny shrugged. “That’s your prerogative,” he said dismissively. “Just don’t fucking leave this club without an escort, got it?”
“I leave every night with an escort,” the smart-mouthed cowboy said. “But her tits are usually bigger than this guy’s.”
“Ranger, I’m going to kick your ass myself if you smart off again.”
Jack learned, throughout the course of the next several hours, that each of the dancers had a nickname, and it generally was tied to their show. Ranger, for example, was the Lone Ranger, and he strutted onto the stage, amidst all the smoke and strobe lights, to the call, “High ho cowboy!” before the spotlight snapped to life and the song “Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy” blasted over the loudspeakers. Sweetspot danced to “Pour Some Sugar on Me.” Jack had no idea what Lancelot danced to. He didn’t even know what he was going to dance to, nor what his nickname was supposed to be.
Danny and Cullen disappeared into the front of the club again, and a short time later, Jack heard Danny’s voice, booming across the loudspeakers, talking up the “Sparkling Hot Diamond Show” the ladies were in for tonight.
“You think diamonds are a girl’s best friend?” Danny cooed into the microphone. “Wait till you see my boys’ rocks!”
The club erupted into cheers, clapping, and catcalls, and Jack whipped his head around to look at Lancelot. “We’re stripping to nothing?” He hadn’t expected that.
“Nah,” Lancelot said as he did last minute stretches. “Danny just likes to tease them. If they hold out eternal hope, they spend more money. Oh shit!” he said as the chords to “It’s Raining Men” poured from the speakers. “I forgot to show you Raining Men. Well, just watch tonight. Tomorrow, we’ll get you in there. This is how the ladies get to preview the show, decide which one of us they like best. Okay–showtime!” Lancelot trotted out onto the stage, leading the procession of dancers, dressed in their various costumes and falling into character almost as if there were an internal switch at the door. Suddenly, Lancelot was a sexy, tempting exotic dancer. Ranger was charming and appealing. Sweetspot looked as if he intended to make it his mission to find every damn sweet spot in that room.
Jack stood at the door, watching the show. The group of dancers worked well together. The intro was obviously choreographed, and each dancer was given his fifteen seconds in the spotlight, as the rest continued to move in unison behind him.
The stage was surrounded by women. All sorts of women: young, old, everything in between. He saw bachelorette parties, noted by the tiaras and sashes the brides-to-be wore, proclaiming their status. Danny walked through the crowd, stopping by each bride-to-be in turn and, using his microphone, demanded each woman tell him which dancer she liked best. Jack knew this was a ploy so that the particular dancer she chose would focus on her during his show. The tips would be out of this world. 
There was a birthday party in the crowd as well. The woman of honor wore a little black dress and a sash that proclaimed her “forty and fabulous.” She picked Ranger as her favorite dancer, and he responded with a few exaggerated hip thrusts aimed in her direction.
There were small groups of women in their twenties and thirties, even a group of women who looked like stereotypical grandmothers, which made Jack shudder. Surely Mamaw didn’t still go to all male dance revues–if she ever did.
Women clearly travelled in packs to these sorts of things, he determined. There were precious few singles or even just two women standing together, apart from another crowd. Which meant if whoever was killing off dancers was here tonight, she probably wasn’t working alone.
The first dancer started his solo routine, and Jack continued to scan the crowd, continued to watch for clues to the identity of a killer. Cullen, threading his way between tables, was doing the same thing. 
It occurred to Jack that he was glad he was the dancer and his partner was the security detail. There was always risk to their job, but in this case, Jack was literally putting himself out there as a decoy for a killer. His family would be saddened if something were to happen to him, but at least he wouldn’t be leaving a new bride behind. 
The evening wore on. There would be three sets of one-hour shows. The first one started at nine, with the Raining Men intro, and each dancer did his solo act, and ended with a group finale to “Whole Lotta Lovin’” by Led Zeppelin. After a thirty-minute break, the entire thing started over again. The final show ended at one. The dancers spent the last hour wandering about the club, flirting with the patrons and collecting more tips, and the doors closed at two.
In order to see the show, the ladies had to pay a cover at the door, had to buy at least one drink, and if they wanted to sit by the stage, they had to pay for that privilege as well. When the first show was over, those ladies seated next to the stage either had to pay again or move back to the bar to watch the second show from afar. It was a hell of a racket, and Danny Diamond was making a lot of diamonds running this show.
The person or persons killing off his dancers could be doing it for a lot of reasons, but the most likely were jealousy or money–or both. The day before, when Cullen and Jack interviewed him at the crime scene, Danny admitted that he often stole his dancers from his competitors, luring them with the promise of more money, more fame, and better working conditions. More than one competitor had gone under as a result. He was the self-proclaimed king of traveling all male revues. The Chippendales of the twenty-first century.
And now, it looked as if someone had decided to get revenge.
Jack made it through his first solo set with most of his pride intact. Lancelot had suggested he down two shots of whiskey first, to relax his inhibitions. It worked. Although he did catch Cullen, standing off to the side of the stage, trying to shoot a video of the act with his camera, but he was shaking so hard from laughter that Jack doubted he got a decent shot. Thank God.
When it was over and the rest of the dancers were out on stage, doing the finale, Danny made his way to Jack’s side.
“Not bad, kid. If you ever get tired of the crime fighting gig, I’d give you a permanent job.”
 “Thanks, but I’m good. I don’t think I could sustain this lifestyle long term.”
Danny shrugged. “The take at the door is great tonight. Sold out all three shows already. The publicity, it turns out, is good for business.”
“Does anyone in the crowd look familiar? Any faces you’ve seen in other cities?”
Danny barked out a laugh. “Are you kidding? These guys have their own fan clubs. There’s a blog dedicated to Ranger and his act. Lancelot has over a million followers on Twitter. Everyone has Instagram accounts and everyone gets marriage proposals daily. There are groupies that follow us to every city, no matter how big or small.”
“Well that certainly makes our job easier,” Jack muttered.
Danny shrugged again. “If this were easy, I wouldn’t have lost seven dancers by now. Good luck, kid. I’m going to go out there and warm ‘em up for you.”

***
“What are you doing?” Kennedy hissed as she followed Vanessa, who elbowed her way through the throng of women all vying for a front row seat at the second show. She was still reeling from the fact that she was actually attending a male strip show. And now, it appeared she was going to sit in the front row.
“This is embarrassing,” she muttered as Vanessa pulled her down into a chair next to a tiny round table. They were seated to the side of the stage, near to the restrooms but on the opposite side from where the dancers entered the stage. It was the best location they were able to procure, despite the shockingly large bribe Vanessa gave the doorman.
“This is perfect,” her cousin declared as she waved at a scantily clad male server. “Shots,” she demanded when the young guy wearing a bow tie and not much else stopped at their table. “Blow jobs. God, I love being single.”
“You aren’t single,” Kennedy reminded her for the twentieth time, after the server walked away. Despite Kennedy’s attempts to sway her from it, Vanessa had insisted upon wandering through the various bars located in New Orleans’s entertainment district, in a blatant attempt at tracking down Jack. She’d even texted Sabrina and asked her what Cullen and Jack were doing tonight.
Working, the reply text said. A new case. Which Kennedy had figured out long ago, because otherwise, she presumed Cullen would have been Sabrina’s date to her work function tonight. And Jack…well, she had no idea what Jack would have been doing. While she now knew the man intimately, she didn’t really know much about him at all.
The text did not deter Vanessa, who had downed several drinks by that point and refused to accept the idea that she was not going to get laid tonight. “Fine. Then let’s find a happenin’ spot, where I can pick up some other hottie for the night.”
“Vanessa, this is stupid. Call your husband. Talk to him. I’m sure this is all a big misunderstanding.”
“Said she whose husband cheated on her and she was completely oblivious. At least I saw the signs and am acting on it now, instead of waiting to be blindsided.”
“How is this acting on it? Wait, let me rephrase that. How is this going to solve anything?”
“At least I’ll get laid. Burn off some excess energy.” Vanessa rubbed her hands together and grinned wickedly.
Kennedy had been tempted to tell her that she’d lied, that Jerry hadn’t cheated after all and maybe Mac wasn’t either, but Vanessa wasn’t the type of person to whom one could confide such things, and, even three years later, Kennedy wasn’t ready to admit the truth to her family—or anyone.
Even if she had decided to have true confessions at that moment, it would not have mattered, because that was when Vanessa spotted the crowd of women gathered in front of a club a block away. “What’s that?” she asked as she pointed.
“A dance club,” Kennedy replied. “Although I’ve never seen it so packed before. And where are the guys?”
Inside, she discovered a short time later. On the stage. Wearing little else other than baby oil and a few strategically placed bits of costume.
“No, no, no,” she said.
“Yes, yes, yes,” Vanessa replied. 
The server returned, bearing two shot glasses filled with Baileys and piled with a mound of whipped cream. He grinned as he took Vanessa’s money. An older, buff man straight out of The Sopranos suddenly appeared. “Well, well, well, what have we here?” he asked, his voice amplified by the microphone he held in his hand.
Kennedy groaned and was glad for the low lighting, because she knew her face must be puce from her embarrassment. Vanessa preened for the announcer.
“We’re having a single girl’s night on the town,” Vanessa said, leaning toward the mic. “And we heard you have the best entertainment around!”
The announcer beamed at her. “You heard right, sweetheart. Now, show us how good you are with your mouth. Go ahead. I bet my boys are watching right now,” he said loudly.
Vanessa clasped her hands behind her back and bent over the glass, wrapping her lips around the rim and then tilting it into the air as she swallowed the shot. The announcer’s and the server’s eyes widened.
“Your turn, Kennedy,” she said cheerfully after she placed the glass on the table and licked her lips.
“Get this girl another!” the announcer boomed into the mic. “And her friend, too, even if she’s only half that good with her mouth!” 
Kennedy shook her head to the chorus of catcalls. “I’m good. I…I have to drive.” 
“Baby, I’ll call you a cab. Better yet, I’ll take you home with me. Show us what you got. I want to see lipstick stains on that glass.” He began to chant, “Do it, do it,” and it took almost no time for the entire club to pick up the cry. 
“I hate you, Vanessa,” she hissed, and her cousin laughed as Kennedy reached for the glass.
“Uh-uh,” the man with the mic taunted. “No hands.”
“I really hate you.” She huffed out a sigh and clasped her hands behind her back. After a few moments of staring at the tiny glass overflowing with whipped cream, Kennedy finally stretched her neck and opened her mouth.
A hand slammed down onto the table, sending the glass tumbling to the floor, where it shattered and splashed whipped cream and liquor all over her legs. She looked up, into Cullen’s stormy, very pissed off eyes glaring down at her. “What the hell are you doing here?” he demanded, as if he were her older brother. Or father.
“Showing Vanessa the sights,” she said weakly.
“What are you doing here?” Vanessa demanded. She leapt from her chair and began scanning the crowd in earnest. “Are you working? Is Jack here too? I want to see him.”
“Fuck,” Cullen snarled.
“Get this cleaned up,” the announcer shouted to somebody who was standing behind Kennedy. He glared at Cullen. “Do that again and you’re paying for the glass.” He stalked away, morphing instantly into the flirtatious host, informing the crowd that the show was about to start, so get those drinks now.
“You two need to leave,” Cullen said as he stepped out of the way of the server carrying a mop in his hand.
“No way,” Vanessa said. “I want to see the show. Is Jack here or not?”
Cullen raked his hand through his hair and appealed to Kennedy. “Seriously. This isn’t a good idea.” He leaned close and whispered, “We’re undercover here. You two need to leave.”
“Oh crap,” she said, and she shot to her feet and tried to pull Vanessa out of her chair. The last thing she wanted was to see Jack right now, especially when she had a drunk and determined Vanessa in tow.
“Vanessa, we really need to—” 
“Sit down or get the hell out,” a female voice shouted from behind her. 
Somebody cut the lights, throwing the entire room into pitch darkness for a few moments. Kennedy sank back into her seat, her heart racing. What would Jack think of her now? Cullen cursed again and slipped away, and she had every confidence that he was seeking out his partner to inform him that sweet, innocent Kennedy was currently seated front row at an all male revue.
If Cullen only knew.
Jack knew. But she really wasn’t the type of woman who had sex in limos and went to strip clubs. Would he believe her, after tonight?
Suddenly, a strobe light flashed to life above the stage, and the announcer’s voice resonated through the speakers. “Ladies, ladies, ladies. Are you in for a treat tonight. I’ve got some diamonds for you, and I guarantee there’s nothing rough about these gems. Every single one is of superior quality, and they are in town exclusively for your entertainment.”
As the lights shifted, turned white, and began to flash in a vertical motion, simulating rain, Vanessa leapt to her feet and began screaming at the queue of barely dressed and highly oiled men that strutted onto stage.
Kennedy stared. She’d never been to a strip club before. The closest she’d ever come to something like this was a handful of bachelorette parties, where one or two male strippers showed up in someone’s hotel or living room, danced for maybe twenty minutes, and then held out their hands for cash payment, before bidding them goodbye and heading out the door.
This was entirely different. This was choreographed and fascinating and … good. Really good. These guys were sexy, each and every one, and they were damned good dancers, too. 
Vanessa nudged her hand and she tore her gaze away from the stage to see that two fresh drinks had been placed on their small table. She picked one up and turned back to the show, trying to determine, as the announcer suggested, which dancer was her favorite.
That was when she saw him. 
She didn’t actually believe it at first. The dancer looked like Jack, he moved like Jack, but that wasn’t Jack…was it?
“Oh my God,” she said on a gasp as she leaned back in her chair and stared. And stared. And stared.
It was Jack. He wore some sort of Tarzan loincloth, and his body was slick and shiny. It was embarrassing to admit that she’d had sex with the man and yet was sitting here admiring more of his body than she’d seen when they were in the limo together.
She liked what she saw. Besides the fantastic body, his moves were amazing, and his come and get me grin said he was enjoying himself up there. 
Kennedy turned her head every which way, evaluating the crowd. She spotted the announcer, standing behind a group of women she guessed were part of a bachelorette party. The bride stabbed her finger in Jack’s direction as he stepped into the middle of the stage and did a fifteen second tease of his upcoming solo set. The bride pretended to swoon and the announcer moved on to another group of women.
What the hell was going on?
“Did you see that guy in the Tarzan loincloth?” Vanessa shouted as the music faded and every man except for one strutted off stage. The one wearing chaps and a black hat remained behind and stood stock still in the middle of the stage.
“He looked like Jack,” Vanessa added.
“Yeah,” Kennedy said weakly. “I noticed.” 
She had to get Vanessa out of there. If she figured out that dancer really was Jack, she might blow his cover. Whatever he and Cullen were doing, it involved the federal government. Surely there was some sort of fine–or worse–if she and Vanessa ruined this assignment.
But damn, he’d had some moves. Kennedy took a moment to indulge in a fantasy, one in which Jack was her own personal stripper and they never left the bedroom and…
“We have to go, Vanessa. Now.” She pushed to her feet to both shake off the ridiculous daydream and attempt to get Vanessa out of there.  
Music started again and the cowboy on stage began to move. The woman behind her hissed out a threat of what would happen if she didn’t sit down. Kennedy sat. Vanessa whipped money out of her purse and began waving it at the cowboy.
“This cannot be happening to me,” Kennedy muttered as she watched her cousin stuff bills into some stranger’s barely-there bikini.

CHAPTER FOUR


“I’m moving you up in the rotation,” Danny announced during Ranger’s cowboy act. “The ladies love you. Four bachelorette parties. All four chose you. Sure you don’t want a permanent gig?”
Jack chuckled and rubbed a towel through his hair. “Pretty sure,” he said. Although he had to admit, this was fun. And it was pretty damn easy to dance—and get excited—when a hoard of women stood at your feet, screaming and making it obvious they wanted you. Damned heady experience. No wonder these guys were willing to continue doing this, night after night, despite the very obvious threat to their lives.
Cullen suddenly appeared at his elbow. “I need to talk to you,” he said, completely ignoring Danny. 
Danny smacked Cullen’s arm. “You don’t know him, remember?” he hissed.
“I need to fucking talk to him,” Cullen said through gritted teeth. “It’s important.”
Danny narrowed his eyes. “You have two and a half minutes. He’s up next.” He strode away. 
Cullen grabbed Jack’s arm and dragged him into a dark corner, where they were fairly obscured from the rest of the dancers. He didn’t mince words. “Kennedy’s out there.”
 “Kennedy?” Jack yelped, feeling as though he’d been zapped by an electric current. “Here?”
“She’s with Vanessa.”
“Sabrina’s sister? What’s she doing in town?” he asked dumbly, his brain trying to process this news. Kennedy…at a strip club? 
For some reason, that image didn’t work. She hadn’t struck him as the type to attend these types of shows. Of course, grannies didn’t strike him as the type to attend strip shows, and there was a whole group of them here tonight, so what did he know?
“She’s pissed off at her husband,” Cullen said dismissively. “But the point is, Kennedy is going to blow your cover if you go out there.”
“She wouldn’t do that.” Would she? He honestly had no idea.
“Maybe not, but Vanessa is drunk, so she will. You can’t go out there.”
 “I have to,” he protested. “We’ll blow everything if I don’t go out there.” 
Danny was at the mic again, talking him up, raving about the newest addition to the show–the Animal. Women screamed. Cullen swore and stormed through the door, heading out to resume his bouncer duties.
Music pulsed. The cheering and screaming continued. Jack stepped out onto stage, forcing himself to get into his role. He had a job to do. He was supposed to be trying to find a killer. He shouldn’t be so damn excited about seeing a woman who was meant to be one of any number of one-night stands.
But no matter what he tried to tell himself, he couldn’t stop scanning the crowd, couldn’t stop looking for her.
In the meantime, he moved, rolling his hips, shaking his ass, obligingly focusing his attention on the first of the four bachelorettes Danny had earlier pointed out. She was young and pretty, with Carolina eyes and blond hair and pouting red lips, and she wasn’t afraid to cop a feel. Jack let her slip the twenty into his loincloth and then stepped out of reach.
He did his routine, letting the throbbing beat seep into his limbs, dancing close enough to let a grabby lady slip another tip into his loincloth, and then stepped out of reach again. The ladies loved it. They shouted and panted and waved more money at him. He suspected that if he really did do this for a living, he could make more money than he made as an FBI agent.
He spotted her because Vanessa spotted him. 
Cullen’s sister-in-law suddenly started jumping up down, screaming, “Jack! Jack!” waving her arms in the air. Kennedy grabbed her and tried to get her to stop, but Vanessa shook her off. Making an instant decision, he danced his way to the two ladies. He leapt off the stage and landed right between them. 
Vanessa screamed again and grabbed for him. He let her catch him, let her pull him close, and then he bent and whispered into her ear, “Tonight, I’m not Jack. I’m the Animal. Don’t call me Jack or I won’t pay attention to you.” Vanessa nodded eagerly and kissed his oil and sweat slicked chest.
But it wasn’t Vanessa he wanted to see. To touch. To feel.
He turned to Kennedy. He wasn’t sure what he initially intended to do, since all those things he wanted to do weren’t exactly appropriate in the middle of a public venue, even if it was during a strip show. She stood there looking at him, wearing a sexy little halter top and short skirt and a slightly jealous look on her face, and he had a crazy urge to pull her into his arms–just a hug–and whisper reassurances that she had nothing at all to be jealous of.
What the hell was wrong with him? He couldn’t recall ever acting this way about any of his past lays. Why now? Why her? 
The look on her face changed, her brows furrowed and she looked concerned, jolting Jack back into reality and making him realize he was standing there staring at her like a dumb lovestruck teen.
The music, the screaming, the job all came into focus in a rush, and he gritted his teeth against the unwelcome intrusion. It pissed him off because all he wanted to do was grab her wrist and drag her from the club, take her home with him and freaking do something about this ache in his balls.
But he couldn’t. Whatever the hell was going on in his head, in his personal life, it didn’t matter–couldn’t matter–right now. He had a job to do. He had to dance, he had to protect the other dancers, and he had to find a killer.
He tried to force himself to turn away, to get back on that stage and dance over to the waiting bachelorette parties, but instinct took over. He grabbed Kennedy’s waist and twisted her around so that she faced the stage. She automatically reached out her hands to catch herself on the edge, and Jack pressed his rock hard erection into her backside as he leaned into her and caught her earlobe between his teeth.
He whispered in her ear, singing the song’s erotic chorus, then he released her and leapt back onto the stage.
More screaming. Vanessa waved a fistful of bills. Kennedy sank into her seat with a bemused look on her face. Ignoring his body’s pleas, Jack turned away from the sight. 
He had a job to do.

***
He was an FBI agent, so he had easy access to all sorts of information. He wasn’t supposed to use his job connections for personal use, of course, but this time, he made an exception. He had to see Kennedy, and therefore, he needed to know where she lived.
His blood was running hot, and he was still so damn hard, it was difficult to drive. Luckily, Jack knew New Orleans like he knew the back of his hand, and Kennedy lived in an eclectic neighborhood that wasn’t too far from the downtown entertainment district. 
The dancers were inclined to hang out at the club after closing, drinking and flirting with the handful of girls handpicked for such a privilege, but since Kennedy wasn’t one of them, he wouldn’t have any of it. He talked Cullen into playing the bad guy who bullied everyone into leaving so that he could finally be off the clock. Still, it was three in the morning before Jack was in his truck and heading down the street to Kennedy’s house.
The house was dark and still when he pulled into the driveway. He double-checked to make sure he had the right address, because he did not want to wake up the wrong people in the middle of the night. Then he dialed her cell phone number, which he’d also pulled out of the FBI files. Her voice was sleepy and muffled when she answered.
“Get out of bed and open the door for me, Kennedy.”
“Who is this?” she asked, her voice suddenly alert.
“Jack. I’m standing on your front porch right now.”
“You’re–what?” He heard rustling noises, indicative of her climbing out of bed and pulling on a robe or some other garment, and he wondered what she normally wore to bed. Nothing? He shifted uncomfortably. 
“Open the door. Hurry up.”
He spent half a second fearing that she wasn’t alone, but she’d told him at the wedding that she didn’t normally do one-night stands. Considering Cullen and Sabrina had gotten married only a month ago, he felt reasonably confident she hadn’t met a new guy in the interim. Or if she had, she wasn’t already sleeping with him.
He hoped.
“Is something wrong? Is Sabrina okay?” She sounded faintly breathless, and he knew she was moving, heading his way. 
“She’s fine. Everyone’s fine. Just open the goddamned door.” He pulled a condom out of his pocket and palmed it as he shifted from foot to foot.
Finally, he saw an image behind the etched glass. He winced as the porch light flared to life. The lock snicked and the door began to open. Jack didn’t give her time to think. He pushed it open, stepped inside and shoved it closed, locking it and disconnecting his phone at the same time. He grabbed her face with both hands and pressed her against the wall as his lips crashed down on hers, desperate to feel her, to taste her.
He felt like he was drowning but in heaven all at the same time. It was arousing as hell.
Kennedy broke the kiss and twisted her head before she reached up and pulled one of his hands away from her cheek. “What is that?” she asked, and she plucked the wrapped condom out of his hand.
“Oh,” she said as she stared at the small square with the round imprint in the middle.
“I need this, Kennedy,” he said, cupping her face again. “I need you. That place. That song. Seeing you there. I’m so fucking turned on right now, I feel like I’m about to explode. Please don’t say no.” He was pleading, and he didn’t give one hot damn. He would do whatever it took, just so long as he could feel her again tonight.
“I…oh…okay.”
“Thank fucking God,” Jack breathed, and he bent over, grabbed her thighs, and lifted her off her feet. She wrapped her legs around his waist and her arms around his neck.
“Where’s your bedroom?”
She pointed down the hall to the right, so he carried her that way. Her bedroom was at the end of the hall, in the back corner of the ranch home. He dropped her onto the bed, which was a simple queen with a basic wooden headboard with plenty of nicks and scratches. He leaned over her and untied the sash of her robe, pushing the material aside to reveal a lace-trimmed camisole and a pair of boxer shorts. He climbed onto the bed and buried his face in her cleavage.
“You took a shower,” she said. “But you still smell like baby oil.”
“Sorry,” he said, not really sorry at all. “You’re okay with this? You aren’t going to regret this in the morning?”
“It’s already morning. And I don’t regret it.”
He sat up and tugged off his shirt, then pulled off his jeans. He reached down and pulled her camisole over her head, slid her boxers down to her ankles.
“You are so beautiful,” he whispered reverently. “I want to take my time and kiss every damn inch, but…”
“It’s okay,” she assured him.
He kicked off his boxers and snagged the condom she still held in her hand. “I have more,” he promised, and then he nudged her thighs apart with his knee, grabbed her hips, and thrust. He gurgled out a guttural, groaning noise as the sensations slammed into him, sending him almost instantly spiraling out of control. He dropped his forehead onto the pillow next to her head and began pushing into her, hard and fast, completely lost in the moment, almost entirely lost in his own need. He was vaguely aware of Kennedy crying out, of her nails scoring his back, and he hoped to hell she found her release because he couldn’t hold back, couldn’t have stopped if the fucking world collapsed at that very moment.
He thrust one last time, arched his back, and shouted out his release as pleasure tore through him. He only just managed to roll onto his side so that he didn’t crush her before he was asleep.

***
He was still in her bed when she woke up later that morning. She wasn’t sure why she was surprised by that. Maybe because of the way he’d shown up, in the middle of the night, acting as if he needed to couple with her in order to go on living. It had been so damn arousing, she’d had an orgasm almost the instance he entered her, yet she still half expected he would wake up and slip out during the pre-dawn hours.
But he hadn’t. And now she wondered what that meant. Would he expect her to cook breakfast? Would he be interested in morning sex? She certainly was. Having that handsome, sexy body lying next to her, taking up far too much space on her ancient, queen-sized bed, giving off enough body heat that she didn’t even need the thin sheet and blanket—how could a woman possibly resist?
She didn’t know, though, what he was thinking, or how he would react, or even when he might wake up, so she did nothing, except continue to lie there and marvel at what happened the night before.
Seeing him at that club, dancing up there on the stage, had been shocking enough. Watching him leap off the stage and let Vanessa pull him into her arms had her seeing red. Until he rubbed that fabulous erection against her own backside. Whispering about how he wanted to fuck her. He’d certainly put action to words earlier this morning.
Oh Lord, had he.
She heard a groan and twisted her head to watch as Jack gradually came awake. He rolled onto his back and stretched, and then he winced as he blinked open his liquid brown eyes. “I feel like I got run over by a Mack truck,” he muttered. “Shit.”
Kennedy hesitated. Of all the scenarios sifting through her head, that comment had not been one of them. “Er, would you like some ibuprofen?”
“Yeah, in a minute.” He glanced at her. “I feel like I owe you an apology.”
“For what?”
He looked down at himself. The used condom still hung from his rapidly swelling erection. He plucked a tissue from the box on the bedside table and used it to dispose of the evidence. 
“Shit, Kennedy, I didn’t mean to…to use you like that. I don’t know what the hell came over me.”
“It’s okay. I didn’t mind.”
He scowled and sat up, pulling the sheet up to cover his lap as he dropped his head into his hands. “No, it’s not okay. Jesus, I can’t believe I fucking showed up here in the middle of the night, screwed you for like ten seconds, and then passed out. I feel like such a dick.”
She reached over and touched his arm. “It was more like three minutes,” she assured him with laughter in her voice. “And you asked my permission at least half a dozen times first.”
“But still…”
She let her hand rest on his arm. “You can make it up to me now, if you’d like.”
He stared at her hand, and then lifted his gaze to stare at her face. “How?”
She smiled. He was so silly to be so worried. “Do you ever stick around for morning sex, when you’re with…other women?” she asked shyly.
She felt him tense beside her. Had she overstepped some invisible boundary, that he would prefer to simply rush from her bed and get as far away from her as possible, as quickly as possible?
His arm slipped around her waist and then she was flat on her back, with Jack looming over her, holding himself up with his elbows. “Not often enough,” he said, and he bent his head and kissed her. 
She squirmed underneath him. He lifted his head and flipped her over onto her stomach. She sucked in a breath and held it as he covered her with his body.
“Can I do this?” he asked, and she felt a hand between her legs, felt his fingers slide up her inner thigh, slick through the wetness there. She spread her legs wider and gasped.
“Yes,” she assured him, and she arched as he pressed two fingers into her, pumping, mimicking the act of sex while he rolled his hips and rubbed his erection against her backside. She felt his lips on her back, nibbling on her shoulder blade, his teeth tugging on her ear. She moaned.
“Yes!”
Jack abruptly stopped teasing her and leapt from the bed. A chill ran up her spine as her body was hit with a blast of cool morning air. She turned her head and saw him standing next to the bed, bending over the jeans he’d tossed onto the floor the night before. He dropped his wallet on the bedside table and covered her body again. She shivered.
“Sorry,” he said as he kissed her shoulder. “Needed one of these.” He held up the now empty condom wrapper and then dropped it onto the bedside table next to his wallet.
His fingers probed her opening again. His lips returned to her back. His erection rubbed against her inner thigh, as his fingers continued to work her. She began to pant and squirm.
“Come for me, baby,” he murmured in her ear, relentlessly pressing his fingers in and out, in a steady rhythm. 
Kennedy felt that all-too-familiar sensation, and began to chant, “Yes, oh yes. Yes, oh yes.”
“Tell me when,” he whispered.
As the first wave hit her, she shouted, “When!”
He withdrew his fingers and slammed into her, pushing so hard that her head bumped the headboard. She didn’t have any time to recover, though, as the motion sent her orgasm spiraling out of control, her hips bucked, and he drove into her again and again, dragging out her orgasm until he found his own release.
And then they both fell asleep again.

***
Several hours later, after the lunch hour passed and they were both forced out of bed by the pressing needs of their individual bladders, Jack again complained that every muscle in his body ached. She offered him a bottle of ibuprofen and a glass of water.
“Thanks,” he said as he sat at the kitchen table while she stood at the counter, preparing omelets. “I thought I was in shape, until last night. Christ, dancing is hard work.”
Kennedy smiled as she beat eggs and milk together in a bowl. “You’ve never gone undercover as an exotic dancer before?”
He shook his head. “Nope. Can’t say that I have.”
“What’s the case? Or can’t you talk about it?” She knew, from Sabrina, that a great deal of Cullen’s job was top secret, even to her. Kennedy was jealous of Sabrina, for being able to handle something like that with such aplomb. After her experience with her ex-husband, she was certain she could never again live with a man who had secrets.
Jack shrugged and took a drink of water. “Someone’s killing off the guys who dance in that show. The owner thinks it’s a jealous rival.”
The eggbeater clattered into the ceramic bowl as she turned to stare at Jack. “Wait a minute. The dancers are getting killed? And now you’re pretending to be one of them? Are you crazy?”
“No. I’m FBI. It’s what we do.”
“Try to get yourself killed?”
“You’re awfully bent out of shape about this, Kennedy.”
“Maybe that’s because I don’t want you to die.”
“I’m not going to die. Cullen and I are going to solve this case. I told you, that’s what we do.”
“Do you routinely make yourself a target for a killer? Is that what it takes to be a badass FBI agent?”
Jack narrowed his eyes. “If it’s necessary, yes. Where is this coming from? Why are you so upset?”
She grabbed the eggbeater and began whisking eggs with significantly more force than was necessary. “Because, Jack,” she said, biting off each word. “You, this, us…I just told you, I don’t want you to die.”
“And I just told you, I’m not going to.”
“You don’t know that!”
Silence fell. The only sound was the whisk slapping at the mixture in the bowl. Her shoulders were stiff, her back was ramrod straight, and her knuckles were white from griping the utensil so tightly.
“Sabrina doesn’t get this bent out of shape,” he finally said, very deliberately. “And she and Cullen are married. Even when they were just dating, she didn’t act like this.”
She heard what he didn’t say. That whatever had happened between she and Jack, they weren’t a couple. They weren’t dating, they weren’t married, they weren’t…anything at all.
She hadn’t even realized she was thinking of it as something more, until he pointed out it wasn’t. She cringed as the whisk slowed and her hands began to shake. This was supposed to be a one-night stand. Okay, two.
So he spent the night. That meant nothing, really. It meant he’d been too damn tired to get up and leave after they had sex. The companionable morning—the fabulous morning sex—for all she knew was par for the course. She really wasn’t up on proper one-night stand etiquette. If she weren’t so embarrassed at the moment, she might even have asked Jack to tell her precisely how she should be acting right now.
She was ten times a fool for thinking any of it meant anything at all. Because it didn’t. This was Jack. Just as Sabrina warned her, he was a player. This was what players did. 
“You’re right,” she said as she gave the eggs a break and focused on chopping bell peppers and onions and mushrooms. “Forget I said anything.”
She felt his gaze on her back, but she refused to turn around. Even when she heard the scrape of the chair as he pushed it away from the table, and the sounds of clothes rustling as he climbed to his feet. She even heard the faint groan that indicated the ibuprofen had not quite kicked in yet.
“I need to get going,” he said. “I’ll take a rain check on breakfast.”
She still didn’t turn around at the sound of his feet, retreating through her house, into the living room, and then out the front door. She heard the sound of the engine as he started his vehicle, as he backed out of the driveway, and when he shifted it into gear and headed down the street. Only then did she drop the knife onto the cutting board and let the tears fall.



CHAPTER FIVE


Sabrina and her sister were both at the club that evening, but Kennedy was conspicuously absent. Jack wasn’t surprised. After the way he’d bolted when she hinted that she might think of him in terms of more than just a good time, he didn’t blame her for staying away.
Not that he wasn’t irritated about it. She needed to be the grown up one in whatever the hell convoluted relationship they had going on. He had no idea how to. He was a one-night stand kind of guy. She was the one with relationship history, damn it.
Although, her relationship had ended in divorce because the bastard cheated on her, so probably, trying to figure out what—if anything—was going on with a guy like Jack was a really bad idea. If Kennedy was the mature one in their relationship, then she sure as hell would realize that, and she’d be the one running in the opposite direction.
Which sucked royally, because Jack felt the need again. It was like a burning in his gut. Actually, it was in an entirely different area. He wanted her. 
Dressing up in that ridiculous costume, hanging out with the dancers as they chatted about their latest conquests, hearing the beat of all those sensual songs, dancing to that damned sexy as fuck song by Nine Inch Nails…all he could think about was rushing over to Kennedy’s house, beating on her door until she answered, and then screwing her until they were both exhausted and unconscious.
He hated himself for thinking this way. He hated this infatuation, because he knew it wasn’t fair to Kennedy, but also because he’d never been obsessed with anything in his life. Not even the cases. That was Cullen. Jack just helped talk him around to figuring them out.
Yet he’d become addicted to Kennedy. And each time he hooked up with her, it got a little bit worse.
He knew he shouldn’t ask. He already knew the answer. But he did anyway. After the second act started, and Cullen made one of his many perusals through the dressing area, Jack said, “Saw Sabrina and Vanessa out there.” He spoke low, so that no one could overhear their conversation.
“Vanessa told her all about your act, and she decided she had to see it for herself.” Cullen shook his head and rolled his eyes.
“What about Kennedy? They couldn’t drag her along?” He strived to sound casual.
“She has to work tomorrow, so she didn’t want to be out late.”
Of course. She was a nurse at a local hospital. It wasn’t at all surprising that she didn’t work nine-to-five hours.
“What time does she have to go in?” He hoped Cullen was still buying his casual act.
Cullen shrugged. “Seven, I think. I think she works seven to seven, three on, four off, or something like that.”
Danny interrupted their conversation, looking more jubilant than ever. “It’s a fucking phenomenal success!” he declared.
“What is?” Jack wanted to know.
“Your idea, kid. Jumping off the stage like that, giving the ladies a little somethin’ somethin,’ if you know what I mean.” He gyrated his hips. “I used to have a strict policy: on stage only during the show. Mingling was for afterward. But they loved what you did last night, with those two hotties by the stage.”
Cullen covered a snicker with a fake cough and Jack threw him a dirty look.
“So I told the other boys to do it, too. Just a little. Test it out. And it’s working. The ladies are eating you all up like candy. Money, money, money,” he chortled excitedly.
“What about the case?” Cullen asked. If anything was going to irritate Jack’s partner, it would be a guy who was more concerned with making money than he was with the longevity of his staff’s lives. 
Danny shrugged. “No one died last night. You all didn’t see anything fishy, did you? Maybe the killers have decided to call it quits. Who knows?” He walked away, slipping through the door and into the main area of the club.
“He figures it’s our job,” Jack remarked to Cullen, who was glaring at the closed door as if he wanted to storm through it and strangle Danny. “His job is to run the show. Ours is to keep his gravy train safe.”
“He gave me an earful earlier for kicking everyone out early last night. Said it was bad for business. Said we were stuck here for as long as the dancers wanted to hang around and flirt with the ladies.”
Since Kennedy wasn’t here, and since it would be wrong to wake her up in the middle of the night when she had to go to work just a few hours later, Jack didn’t particularly care. “Maybe this will be our break. Maybe our killer will be one of the crowd hanging out tonight.”

***
It was four in the morning by the time everyone left the club. Jack dragged his weary body home, showered, ate a ham and cheese sandwich, and then climbed back into his truck. He was in Kennedy’s driveway before 5:00 a.m. The light in the kitchen window winked on shortly after he arrived. He climbed out of his truck and knocked on the front door.
“You sure get up early,” he remarked when she opened the door and gave him a wary look. He ignored the look and stepped into the house.
“I usually work out before going in,” she explained, her voice sounding as hesitant as the look in her eye. “It helps to wake me up and keep me going through a twelve-hour shift. Plus, it’s healthy.”
He finally noticed the Spandex shorts and tank top, her hair pulled into a ponytail.
“I have a better workout idea,” he said, and he advanced on her, backing her up against the wall and trapping her there with his body.
“We can’t keep doing this, Jack,” she said, her voice breathless.
“I can’t get you out of my head. All I can think of when I’m at that stupid club, dancing on that stage, is getting naked with you.” He put his hands on her hips, slid them up so that his thumbs grazed over her nipples before lifting them higher and tugging the elastic tie out of her hair. She sucked in a breath and waited.
“Will you let me?” he asked.
“You always ask,” she said, her voice choppy, with anticipation, he hoped. “But I never feel like I can say no.”
He hesitated, his mouth millimeters from touching her lips. “Do you want to say no?”
“No.”
“So is that a yes?”
She clasped her hands behind his neck and leapt into his arms. He caught her easily, and walked down the hall toward her bedroom.
“Yes!” she screamed just a short time later.

***
The call came shortly before noon. Jack woke with a start, and realized he was sleeping in Kennedy’s bed, alone. It took him a few disoriented moments to recall that she’d had to go to work today. Since he’d passed out about five seconds after having an orgasm, he supposed he ought to be grateful that she left him there, instead of waking him and making him go back to his own house.
Still, it felt weird. Like he had any right to be there. He couldn’t recall ever before hanging out at a woman’s house when she wasn’t there.
His phone buzzed again, reminding him of why he’d woken up in the first place. It was Cullen. “Yeah?” he said in a voice thick with sleep.
“Wake up, sleepyhead. Local cops have a body at the hotel where Danny Diamond and crew are staying. They think it’s one of ours.”
“Shit.”
“Yep. Get up. I’ll pick you up in fifteen.”
“I’m not at home.” He wasn’t about to tell his partner where he was, either. “I’ll meet you there.”
“Why does it not surprise me that you are so comfortable in this lifestyle?” Cullen commented. “I’m beginning to think you missed your calling.”
“It isn’t like that,” he started to say, but the line was dead. Cullen had already hung up.

***
“Ah hell,” he said a short time later, as he and Cullen stood over the dead body. 
It was Ranger. Even though he was Jack’s least favorite of the dancers, and he had been a cocky son of a bitch, it was still a life that had been taken far too soon. Ranger had been full of himself, and the way he talked indicated that he felt women were objects, meant to be used and discarded instead of viewed as potential life partners, as lovers, and friends. But that didn’t mean he deserved to die.
Thinking about Ranger’s attitude made Jack uneasy. Was this a case of the pot calling the kettle black?
The body had been discovered by the cleaning crew at the hotel, lying face down on the bed in his hotel room, multiple stab wounds to the back as the probable cause of death. The rest of the dancers had been corralled in another area of the hotel so that Jack and Cullen could get to the scene and review it without blowing their cover.
“Hey, did you ever hear him talk about women?” Jack asked his partner, who was walking around the room, looking for clues.
 “Yeah. He was a dick. But he still didn’t deserve to die,” Cullen muttered, echoing his own thoughts.
“Do I sound like that when I talk about women?”
Cullen paused, and arched his brows. “No. If you did, I’d have punched you a long time ago. And I’d let Vanessa have her way with you.”
Jack shuddered. “That woman scares me.”
“Me, too. I don’t know how the hell Mac lives with her.”
“Obviously, not well, if she’s down here trying to hook up with me. Why me? What the hell did I do to attract her?”
“For some fucked up reason, women find you attractive. And you have a reputation. Love ’em and leave ’em. She thinks if she has a quick, no strings attached affair, she and Mac will be even and she can go back to her life and live happily ever after.”
“Do you think he cheated on her?”
Cullen shrugged and resumed his search. “Don’t know. Don’t care. Although having her around is stressing out Sabrina. And since I barely get to see her now that we’re working these shitty hours, I don’t particularly like having to spend what little time we have listening to her complain about her sister. Hey, check this out.”
He turned away from his own inspection of the body to watch Cullen bend over and pick up something off the floor. He straightened and peered into his glove-covered hand.
“What is it?” Jack asked.
“A necklace. With a pendant. A cross. Looks like diamonds, but I don’t know jack shit about that stuff.”
He walked around the bed and stepped up to look at the pendant his partner held in his hand. It was, just as he said, a cross, and looked like it was comprised of a multitude of tiny diamond chips, encased in a gold setting. It was no larger than the tip of Jack’s pinky finger.
“Looks real to me. Finally, a legit clue. Bag it and let’s get it over to the lab, see if they can use it to solve the mysteries of the world.”
“Or at least this case,” Cullen said as he slipped the thin necklace and pendant into a plastic bag. They both heard a commotion at the door to the hotel room and stepped over to investigate.
They found a hotel housekeeper arguing with the local cop who’d pulled guard duty and was relegated to blocking entrance to the room while Cullen and Jack did their investigative duties. 
“Lady, it’s not my rules. Talk to them. They’re the feds. This is their gig.”
Awesome. Relations between local cops and FBI agents were often contentious. This particular case was proving no different. 
“The feds?” the housekeeper repeated, scanning first Cullen and then him.
Wearily, Jack lifted the hem of his button down shirt so the woman could see the badge pinned to his belt. “FBI, ma’am. There’s an investigation going on in this room. You aren’t going to be able to clean it for a while.”
The woman was older, probably sixty or so. She carried an extra twenty pounds, all in her waist, and she had blond hair that did not compliment her ruddy complexion. Her gaze darted to the open door of the hotel room and back to them.
“I gotta clean. I’ll lose my job if I don’t.”
“You aren’t going to lose your job over this one, ma’am,” Cullen said as he lifted the plastic bag containing the cross pendant and tucked it into the pocket on his T-shirt. “We’ll make sure of it.”
Her eyes grew large as she stared at Cullen’s pocket. “What was that?” she demanded, stabbing her finger at his breast pocket.
“Hopefully, evidence that will help us solve a crime,” he said with a tight smile.
Jack stepped between them, knowing his partner had little patience for any potential interference with him doing his job. He gave the housekeeper his most charming smile.
“Why don’t we step down the hall here, ma’am?” he crooned, as he placed his hand on her shoulder and gently guided her toward the lobby area. “I’ll make sure your general manager knows that you tried to do your job, but it was our fault you couldn’t do it, okay? How does that sound?”

***
“It doesn’t feel right.”
“Of course it doesn’t,” Jack said irritably. “It’s a frigging crime scene. There’s a dead body laying three feet away from you.” 
Ranger was still dead and the killer was still on the loose. They had one clue, an irrationally hysterical housekeeper, and a bunch of pissed off dancers. 
So far, this day sucked royally.
Cullen barely spared him a glance. “Not enough sleep last night, sunshine?”
“You tell me. We left at the same damn time. And you got the call before me.”
“That’s because you didn’t answer your phone the first four times. What the hell were you doing? You never not answer your phone.”
“Sleeping. You try dancing on that stage all night long and let me know how you feel the next day.”
“You weren’t even in your own bed,” Cullen reminded him. “So I highly doubt what you were doing was sleeping.”
Shit. He forgot that he’d told Cullen he hadn’t slept at home this morning.
“Fuck off,” he scoffed. “You’re a freaking newlywed. Don’t tell me you’re just going home and passing out every morning.”
“Maybe not,” Cullen agreed amicably enough. “But I’m also answering my damn phone and not acting like a baby at the crime scene. Now, can we get back to it? Look at the blood. Over there.” He pointed at the small area between the television and the window.
Jack studied the area, tried to make his sleep-deprived brain work. It finally clicked. “Why is there blood here, when the body is over there?” He continued to stare at the splatters. “And there’s no indication the body was moved.”
“There you go,” Cullen said approvingly.
He ignored his partner and continued to study the corner. “Do you think it’s the perp’s?”
“Hopefully,” Cullen replied, as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and called into the office. “But our perp has been too damn elusive until now to leave so much evidence at the scene. I’m guessing it’s another victim.”
“Another victim? Are you fucking kidding me?”
“I wish I were.”
Jack spread his arms wide. “Where’s the body?”
“Good question.”

***
Cullen’s gut was right, as usual. 
The blood belonged to a young woman named Hillary Beauregard. A phone call to her parents and then her roommate told them that she hadn’t been heard from since leaving the club the night before. By the time they had to report to their undercover assignment, neither man had gotten any additional sleep, and they weren’t any closer to solving the crime, either.
“Buddy up,” Cullen insisted at the end of Sunday night’s show. “Nobody go anywhere alone until this is figured out.”
“I heard Ranger wasn’t alone,” somebody piped up. The dancers knew only what the media knew, which was a whole lot of speculation and little else.
“Seems to me if he was with someone else, somebody would have seen or heard something,” Jack said. He’d spent the better part of the evening chatting with his fellow dancers, trying to decipher what, if anything, they knew about the woman Ranger chose to take back to the hotel with him last night.
“She was just some local chick,” was all he learned.
“She was all over him, though. She wanted it bad, and Ranger was happy to give it to her.” This was accompanied by a suggestive hip gyration.
They had a name, they knew she was twenty-six years old and she’d recently ended a long-term relationship. The local cops paid a visit to the ex-boyfriend, who became highly emotional when they suggested his ex-girlfriend might have been the victim of a double murder. He’d given them a few leads to follow, places she might be, but so far, they had no body and no one had heard from Hillary since about two o’clock on Sunday morning.
He and Cullen made sure all the dancers were safely ensconced in their new hotel, with tighter security, and then they both headed to their respective homes to finally catch up on their sleep. On his way to his house, he drove by Kennedy’s house. It was three in the morning and he knew she had to work in a few hours. He let his foot off the gas, slowed the truck as he cruised past and continued down the street.
He turned at the next intersection and drove around the block. A few minutes later, he found himself sitting in the idling truck, at the curb in front of the small, cozy brick ranch.
Her house was casual, relaxed, with worn but comfortable furniture and a sunny kitchen. She’d told him she’s been a nurse for eight years, so he had to believe she made decent money, yet she appeared to live well beneath her means. He liked that about her, liked that she wasn’t pretentious. 
It surprised him that he was even thinking about her living arrangements at all. He didn’t normally put forth the effort, didn’t really care about his liaisons’ lives. He was supposed to just want to get laid. Kennedy was fabulous between the sheets, a red-hot bed partner, and that was why he kept coming back for more.
It had nothing to do with cozy houses or liking to wake up in her bed, whether or not she was even there. It had nothing to do with enjoying sitting in her kitchen, chatting about his case while she made omelets…Well, that part had been enjoyable, until he’d gone and fucked it up by leaving when she suggested she might actually care about whether he lived or died in the line of duty.
What the hell was wrong with him? He was thinking about domestic shit, but when Kennedy acted like she might care more than he wanted her to, he shut her down. He really needed to get his head straightened out, but he had no freaking clue how to do it. 
The neighbor’s porch light flickered to life. Jack cut the engine and climbed out of the truck, figuring he didn’t need them calling the cops about the suspicious vehicle parked outside Kennedy’s house. He slowly and deliberately walked toward the front door so the neighbor could see he wasn’t trying to hide anything. Instead of calling her cell phone, he rang the doorbell and waited for her to respond to the sound. 
“Jack, I have to get up for work in couple of”—he cut her off, stepped inside, and closed and locked the door. He tangled one hand in her sleep mussed hair and pulled her close for a hug, surprising them both.
“I just want to sleep with you,” he said into her hair.
That’s all they did. At least, he assumed so. He was pretty sure he’d have remembered if he’d had sex with her, even as tired as he was.


CHAPTER SIX


Would he be there when she got home from work?
When she woke up–for the second time–this morning, he was lying next to her, one leg flung over both of her own, his hand casually resting just below her breasts. He’d barely moved when the alarm blared, but when she slipped out of bed, his arm snaked across the sheets, reaching for her, she fancied. As if he didn’t want her to leave.
She hadn’t wanted to leave either. She wanted to stay there, to snuggle with him, to enjoy the intimacy of just sleeping together. And maybe, when he woke, they could do more than just sleep.
Despite the way they’d parted ways the first time he spent the night, she still craved him, still wanted to have sex with him. But that was all. She didn’t need anything more than the occasional mind-blowing orgasm, at Jack’s hand. Or mouth. Or…
She had a better perspective now. After crying tears of frustration, she determined that she was getting too close, she cared too much, she had begun to look at this affair as more of a relationship. 
She needed to stop reading into his actions. He wasn’t a relationship guy. This was how he treated all of his flings, so she assumed. She felt sorry for all the women he slept with before her, and the ones who would be in his future. She doubted any of them were immune to his charms. Like her, they probably fell for him, kept inadvertently believing that the little things he did meant more than just a good time.
The positive aspect to his returning time and again–besides awesome sex, of course–was that she had time to get her emotions under control. So when she walked into her own house after work and Jack greeted her with a glass of chilled white wine in his hand and a warm smile on his handsome face, she knew better than to think about how sweet he was, how attentive his actions were.
“How was your day?” he asked.
She accepted the wine, took a sip, and kicked off her shoes. “Do you want the honest answer or the polite answer?”
He chuckled. “Give me the truth. I can handle it.”
Yeah, right. Would he say the same if she confessed that these adorably considerate gestures did nothing at all to help her maintain the concept of a no-emotions-allowed fling?
“It was lousy. School bus accident. No one was killed, thank God, but it was pretty chaotic, with all the kids’ injuries and the hysterical parents trying to claim them.”
“That sucks. Although, like you said, thank God no one was killed. Is the wine helping?” His voice oozed sympathy. His body language shouted concern.
“Yes, thanks.”
“Dinner’s almost done, too.” Now he was earnest, as if he hoped his actions would help to make her feel better.
“It smells divine.”
“Steaks. My secret rub. I hope you like it.” He was so damn sincere.
She could only remain emotionless for so long under this sort of treatment. She narrowed her eyes and asked, “What’s going on, Jack?”
“Maybe I feel guilty because I keep waking you up in the middle of the night. And maybe I really appreciate you letting me sleep here last night, even though I was kind of a dick the last time I spent the night.”
It wasn’t exactly the profession of love that she may or may not have been hoping for, but it was honest, and Lord knew Kennedy could certainly appreciate an honest man. She lifted the wine glass and motioned toward the hall leading to the bedrooms.
“I’m just, uh, going to change out of these scrubs.”
She escaped to her bedroom, gently closed the door and then leaned heavily against it, closed her eyes, and gulped wine. Time for another internal pep talk.
Do not take his actions at face value. Jack was a master playboy, a man who knew how to seduce women. He probably never didn’t succeed when he decided he wanted a particular woman to share his bed.
Why had he chosen her? How long did he intend to stick around? With the crazy hours he was forced to keep thanks to his current case, she ought to just give him a key to her house. That way, she wouldn’t have to stumble out of bed whenever he showed up in the middle of the night. She could just roll over and he’d be there.
Tempting. Very tempting.
Except giving a man a key…that was not very casual. If she offered, Jack would probably react the same way he had when she suggested she didn’t like the fact that he put himself in harm’s way for his job. 
So no key, then. Luckily, she only had one more day to work and then she had a few off, so it wouldn’t be so disruptive when he knocked in the wee hours of the morning.
She finally stepped away from the door, conscious of the fact that a delicious smelling steak dinner awaited, and quickly shed the scrubs and replaced them with a fitted T-shirt and a pair of gym shorts. When she opened the door again, Jack was heading toward her. She stepped into the hall and he paused.
“Good call. I was pretty sure if I made it all the way into the bedroom, we wouldn’t come out for at least a half hour, and those steaks won’t taste nearly as good in half an hour.”
Kennedy smiled, slightly off kilter and a lot bewildered by Jack’s behavior.

***
Dinner was pleasant. 
They sat across from one another at the table on the covered back porch, an oscillating fan keeping the temperature pleasant and the bugs at bay. They shared a bottle of wine and ate steak, green beans sautéed with onions and garlic, and smashed redskin potatoes.
It was delicious, and the conversation was comfortable, stimulating even.
“Should you be telling me all this?” Kennedy asked after Jack informed her that they now suspected this last murder had involved two victims, and one body was as of yet unaccounted for.
“Probably not,” he admitted as he sipped his wine. “But since you’re the only one I’ve told, I’ll know who to blame if the media gets wind.”
“I won’t tell, I promise.”
“I figured as much. You seem to be handling it better than the other day.”
She smiled and sipped her wine. “Sabrina assures me the mortality rate for FBI agents is actually quite low.”
“You told Sabrina about us?”
About us? What are we, precisely? She wanted to ask, but she was afraid. Instead, she shook her head and said, “No. We just talked in general terms, about Cullen’s job.”
Jack nodded. “I’m pretty sure the married guys tell their wives everything. I figure it’s okay to tell you.”
The comment hung in the air between them, turning an otherwise enjoyable and comfortable dinner suddenly awkward. She cleared her throat, finished her wine, and then stood up and began clearing the table. When Jack started to stand, she shooed him back into his seat.
“You cooked, I’ll clean.” The little bit of space and activity helped to alleviate the tension his comment created. By the time she loaded the dishwasher and set it to run, Jack had wandered into the kitchen and leaned against the counter, a hungry look in his eye.
“I was sort of hoping I could sleep in your bed again tonight,” he said as he began advancing toward her, the hungry look intensifying.
“Oh,” she said and let the silence spin out. She had nothing else to offer.
He backed her up against the sink, almost leisurely rubbing his erection against her. She gasped. The man went from zero to ready in the course of seconds, it seemed.
“It’s you,” he whispered against her ear, as he brushed her hair out of the way so he could nibble there. “I think I’m obsessed.” 
He dipped his head and caught her earlobe between his teeth. She placed her palms against his chest, smoothed them down to his waist and then slipped her hands under his shirt. He murmured his appreciation.
His shirt came off. So did hers. The bra was next. He tugged her hair out of the braid it had been in for work. She worked to get the snap and zipper of his jeans undone. They never left the kitchen.
And then his phone rang.
“Shit,” he muttered as he shoved his hand into the pocket of his jeans. He glanced at the screen. “I have to take this.” He tugged his jeans over his hips and pulled the zipper up so they’d stay there, as he turned away from her. 

***
“Yeah?”
“We have a body.”
“Just a body, or the body? Because if we aren’t at least eighty percent certain, I’m sort of busy here.” He glanced over his shoulder. Kennedy leaned back against the counter, her beautiful, naked breasts thrust out far too invitingly. He almost groaned out loud. He definitely did internally.
“Get off what’s her name and get your ass over here,” Cullen snapped. “Since you obviously aren’t at home, come to my place. We’ll go from here.” 
He disconnected the call and Jack turned back to Kennedy, every movement indicating the regret he felt at being forced to leave. She bent over and retrieved both shirts. “It’s okay,” she assured him as she pulled the T-shirt over her head.
“It’s really not,” he muttered as he buttoned his shirt.
“It’s your job. I get it.”
He grabbed her around the waist and hauled her close. “You really are awesome, you know that?”
 “That’s nice to hear.” 
Unless he was very much mistaken, she sounded…surprised by his off-the-cuff compliment. “I’ll show you just how awesome you are. Later. I have no idea how long this will take, though. Is there a point that’s too late?”
She laughed. “Are you seriously asking that question? You’ve come knocking on my door practically every hour between midnight and five a.m. for the last, what? Three days?” 
He frowned. “I hate waking you up.”
“Isn’t that why you come over?” she teased.
“Do you have an extra key? That way you won’t have to get out of bed.”
And for the second time that evening, he made a statement that hung in the air between them. The worst part was, he wasn’t deliberately trying to confuse the situation. He just felt so damn comfortable around her that he kept—ironically—making things uncomfortable.
But he didn’t take it back. Especially when, after a brief hesitation, she walked over to the key ring holder attached to inside of the cupboard nearest to the back door and pulled a key off one of the hooks.
“Front door,” she said as she held out her hand, palm up. The key was attached to a small metal chain, a carving of the state of Texas dangling from the end.
He grabbed her entire hand and hauled her close again. He kissed her and then stepped away. The key chain was no longer in her hand. “I’ll see you later,” he promised, and then he hurried toward the front door.

***
“It’s been every night since we went undercover, hasn’t it?” Cullen asked as he guided his truck onto the shoulder on the side of a narrow, two-lane road. 
Jack climbed out of the truck. “Do you have a point?”
“Just that I hope you’re protecting yourself. I don’t imagine the groupies who follow those guys are exactly…pure.”
“Yes, Dad, we’re using protection,” Jack drawled, as they headed toward a group of uniformed officials gathered around the top of a deep cement culvert.
 “We’re?” he repeated. “As in one? Are you telling me you’ve been sleeping with the same woman all this time?”
Jack ran his hand through his hair. “Not that it’s any of your damn business, but I’ve been sleeping with the same woman for more than a month now.”
“Holy fucking shit.”
“Can we focus here? The sooner we get this over with, the sooner we can both get back to a woman’s warm bed.”
“Point well taken,” Cullen replied, and both men turned to greet the officer who was striding toward them.
The cement culvert was a drainage ditch. During dry weather, it was generally empty, with no more than a small trickle of water down the center. But when it rained in Louisiana, it generally poured, and the clay soil made it difficult to soak so much rain up very quickly. The culverts were designed to take on the excess water until the earth was able to absorb it. During a typical rain shower, a six-foot deep culvert could fill with rushing water in a matter of minutes.
The local cop who called them was young and didn’t carry the cloak of animosity that most local law enforcement officials tended to drape themselves in when the feds showed up to take over the show.
“The lady who lives in the house over yonder.” The cop, whose name was Xavier, pointed at a worn brick ranch home that was about sixty yards away. “Her cat came home with a prize this evening. She expected a mouse, which she said was pretty typical of the cat. What she got was a finger.”
Not good.
“Deputy who was called to the scene flashed his light down into the culvert and thought he saw something. Climbed down to check it out and found the body, stuffed into a hole in the grates, just inside the tunnel there.” 
The tunnel ran under the road. The grates were supposed to keep the area from becoming a place for homeless people to live, or dead bodies to be dumped.
“Have we verified ID?” Jack asked.
“Yes, sir. Hillary Beauregard. Twenty-six-year-old Caucasian female. From Slidell, Louisiana. Time of death still to be determined.”
 “I think you’re going to find time of death to be about fifteen hours ago, give or take,” Jack said grimly, and then he and Cullen made their way down into the culvert to have a look at what was left of Hillary Beauregard.

CHAPTER SEVEN


“Nothing substantial on the necklace yet,” Cullen remarked several hours later, as he pulled his truck into the driveway at his home and cut the engine. “It’s pretty standard grade, although the diamonds are real. Mass produced for nearly every chain retail store on the planet. The only viable prints were the dead woman’s.”
 Jack blew out a frustrated sigh. “Damn it. This perp is really getting to me. Now I’m starting to develop your damn intuition. I have a bad feeling something is about to happen soon.” 
“We’ll be prepared if it does. I convinced the club to let our guys install cameras. They’ll be up and running by the time the doors open on Wednesday.”
“That’s good.”
“Just adds hours to our day, though. We’ll be the ones who get to go through all that video.”
“It’s worth it if we can shut this one down. Sooner rather than later. I don’t like this feeling.” Jack rubbed his chest, as if he had heartburn. “You can take it back. This is supposed to be your forte.”
Cullen chuckled as he twirled his keys around his finger. “Maybe you’re just growing up, partner.”
“Go to hell, Cullen.”
“See ya.”
Jack climbed into his own truck. And headed to Kennedy’s house. As if there was any doubt whatsoever where he would end up tonight. Especially now that he had a key, which he’d already attached to his key ring. He even kept the little Texas pendant. It was kind of cute.
He debated stopping by his place to grab some clothes, maybe his toothbrush. But he’d been using a spare toothbrush at her house for the past few nights anyway, and he could always stop at home tomorrow, while she was at work. Right now, all he could think about was getting back to her, getting naked with her, and connecting with her in his most favorite way.
She was asleep by the time he arrived. She was curled up in the bed, with one arm stretched across to the other side, as if she missed him being there. 
He smiled. He liked that idea. He shed his clothes and slipped between the sheets next to her. She immediately curled into him, as if…as if he belonged there.
The thought gave him pause, and instead of pulling her awake with his hands and mouth on strategic parts of her body as he intended, he simply lay there, enjoyed the feel of her sleeping next to him. It felt good. Really good. He couldn’t decide what to think about that. 
He fell asleep. He must have, because the next thing he recalled was being jerked awake by a sound. At least, he thought he heard a sound.
Yep, there it was. The slide of a shoe on the tile floor. A gentle scrape. Possibly a knife being unsheathed? 
Someone was in the house. 
Jack glanced at Kennedy, still blissfully sleeping, and said a quick prayer of gratitude that he’d decided to spend the night instead of going back to his own place. He couldn’t even let his mind go to where it was trying to at that moment, imagining if she had been here alone, with an intruder breaking into her home.
He silently rolled out of the bed and managed to tug on his jeans, and then he grabbed the gun that was always within reach, sitting on the bedside table, and he quietly slipped out of the room.
Light spilled from a nightlight she kept on in the bathroom, enough that Jack saw the movement of a shadow. The housebreaker was still in the kitchen. He crouched low and made his way in that direction. 
He paused at the end of the hall, his senses sharp, listening intently. The kitchen was silent. He peeked his head around the corner, but no one was within sight. Keeping low, he headed toward the living room, figuring they’d probably come in through the sliding glass door, which Kennedy must have forgotten to lock before she went to bed earlier. He made a mental note to give her a lecture on personal safety in the morning.
His focus was off. He didn’t see the movement until it was too late. The perp stepped out from where he’d been tucked behind a cabinet and charged with a knife held high. Jack dropped to the ground, tried to roll to the side, managed to mostly get out of the way of the blade. He felt the pain as the knife sliced his skin, but he was certain it wasn’t life- threatening.
He twisted his body, lifted the gun, prepared to shoot, but the perp came at him a second time. Damned fearless, this one was. He pulled back the gun and rolled to the side. By the time he was again in position, the perp was running for the screen door. 
“Freeze!”
Not surprisingly, the perp didn’t listen. Jack reached for the phone that was lying on the bedside table in the bedroom instead of stuffed into his pocket, and then dropped his head back against the floor, because he knew by the time he made the call or tried to go after them, the intruder would be long gone. Plus, his shoulder was starting to hurt. So he climbed laboriously to his feet and headed for the bedroom instead.
“Kennedy. Kennedy. Wake up. Come on, baby, wake up.” He shook her shoulder. Kennedy finally blinked her eyes open.
“Jack? What’s going on? Why are you—oh my God, what happened to you?” She shot out of bed like a bolt, fully awake and inspecting his shoulder, which had taken the brunt of the knife wound.
“You’re injured,” she said unnecessarily. “And bleeding. How did this happen? Come in here, into the bathroom.” She led him across the hall and pushed him into a seated position on the toilet as she pulled the first aid kit out of the cabinet and began dabbing at his wound with a piece of gauze saturated with stinging liquid.
“Ow,” he complained. He jerked his shoulder away from her touch. She patiently stepped closer and continued to cleanse the wound.
“Stop being a baby,” she admonished.
“I sure am glad you aren’t a woman who’s prone to hysterics,” he said, only half-sarcastic.
 “You need stitches,” Kennedy said, ignoring his comment. “We need to get you to the hospital.”
“It’s going to have to wait. Cullen’s on his way over here right now.”
“Cullen?”
“Yeah.”
“Uh-oh.”

***
Cullen was not pleased. Whether it was because his partner had been injured by the person who broke into Kennedy’s house, or by the fact that his partner was at Kennedy’s house in the middle of the night was unclear. Probably both.
“Kennedy?” he snapped while he stood in the doorway to the bathroom after she had gone to the kitchen to brew a pot of coffee. “Fucking Kennedy?” And then he’d shoved Jack’s injured shoulder.
“I told you it was the same damn woman,” Jack protested as he gritted his teeth against the pain.
“You didn’t tell me it was my wife’s cousin. Her fucking best friend.”
Clearly, he was more angry about the fact that Jack was sleeping with Kennedy.
“How about focusing on the fact that I was just stabbed? With a kitchen knife. And the attempt was from behind. If I’d been a fraction slower, you probably would be feeling guilty for being such an ass to me right now.”
“Probably not. I’d still be pissed, because then I’d have to comfort Kennedy. Because she probably fucking cares about you, and all you’re doing is using her.”
“Hey, screw you, asshole.”
But Cullen was already on to the next thought. “A kitchen knife?”
“From the block in Kennedy’s kitchen. I checked.”
“Do you think it’s connected?”
“Do I think the person who attacked me with a knife is the same person who has now killed nine different people in three states? With a knife? I think it’s a damned big coincidence if it isn’t.”
“Pack your shit,” Cullen snapped as he pulled out his phone. “You’re staying with Sabrina and me. Both of you,” he said as Kennedy walked up to stand next to him. He put the phone to his ear and walked away.
“Why do I feel like our parents just caught us making out in the driveway when you were dropping me off after a date?” she asked as she handed him a mug of coffee.
Jack laughed, and then winced in pain. “Cullen’s pretty pissed. He’s worried about you. Afraid I’ll hurt you.”
“That’s always a possibility, in these types of situations.” She picked up a fresh piece of gauze and pressed it to the wound on his shoulder. “You need stitches,” she reminded him.
“I’m sorry to do this to you. I know you have to go to work in a couple hours.”
“I might as well get dressed and go in now. With you. I’ll make sure you get prime medical care.” She flashed him a strained smile.
“Cullen wants us to stay with him and Sabrina, until this case is closed.”
Kennedy shook her head. “I don’t need to go anywhere. They’re after you, not me.”
“They’ve killed one woman now. Arguably because she was sleeping with a stripper. Which we presume the perp thinks I am.”
Kennedy’s eyes widened at the news that she too might be in danger. Jack lifted his arm and wrapped it around her waist. “I’m not going to let anything happen to you.”
She managed another strained smile. “That’s nice to hear.”

***
Sabrina called shortly before lunchtime. Kennedy was working her shift at the hospital, after hovering over the doctor’s shoulder while he stitched up Jack’s arm earlier that morning.
“You’re sleeping with Jack?” No greeting, no preamble.
“So it would seem.”
“Are you sure about this, Kennedy?”
“Am I sure that I’m sleeping with him?” For the moment, the nurse’s station was quiet, and she was alone. But since she knew that could change any minute, she stepped away and into an empty room, so she could have privacy for this call.
“Are you sure you should be sleeping with him? I mean, I adore Jack, but he’s…he’s a player.”
“So you keep reminding me.”
“That’s not you, and you know it. You’re more of a relationship girl.”
“Maybe I’ve changed my ways. My last relationship didn’t exactly work out so well, as you’ll recall.”
“This is a bit extreme in the other direction, don’t you think?”
She shrugged, even though Sabrina couldn’t see the action. “Maybe he’s changed, too.”
“Oh Kennedy. I hope you aren’t pinning your hopes on that.”
She sighed. “I’m not. Trust me. Whatever we’re doing…It’s just sex, Sabrina. And I’m okay with it.” Please let Sabrina believe her story. 
“I don’t want you to get hurt. Again.”
“I can take care of myself.” Her phone beeped, indicating she had another call. She glanced at the caller ID and said, “Why is your sister calling me? Has she gone back to Dallas yet?”
She heard the wince in Sabrina’s words. “No, she’s still here. And I think she may have overheard when Cullen told me about you and Jack.”
“Great. This should be fun. I’ll talk to you later.” She pushed a button to switch to the other line.
“How dare you? You knew I wanted to hook up with him! You knew it!”
“Vanessa, aren’t you married? To someone else?”
“That is entirely beside the point.”
“Actually, that is exactly the point. And I promise you, I did not hook up with Jack because you wanted him. In fact, I didn’t really choose to do it at all. It just sort of happened.”
“I don’t believe you.”
She sighed. “Believe what you want, Vanessa.”
“I believe you deliberately stole Jack from me.”
“He wasn’t interested in you. Not even at Sabrina’s wedding. You aren’t his type.”
“Oh really? And what, precisely, is his type?”
“Single.”
Vanessa made a noise of irritation. Kennedy glanced out the door of the empty hospital room and saw that an elderly woman had walked up to the nurse’s station and stood there, holding a bouquet of flowers. There were no other personnel around to help her.
“Vanessa, I have to get back to work. Take my advice: go make up with your husband. It isn’t worth cheating on him. Trust me.”
“How would you—” Kennedy disconnected the call, so she did not hear the rest of that sentence. She hurried from the room and plastered a smile on her face. 
The woman looked to be in her sixties. She had short, dark hair, eyebrows that were drawn onto her face with a brown pencil, and she outlined the edge of her lips before applying petal-pink lipstick.
“My daughter just had a baby,” she announced excitedly.
“Congratulations,” Kennedy said politely.
The woman studied her for a moment. “You look to be about her age. Twenty-five?”
This woman clearly looked older than she really was if her daughter was only twenty-five. She offered a polite smile. “Thanks, but I just hit the big three-o on my last birthday.”
The woman’s eyes dropped to Kennedy’s hands. “And you aren’t married? But you’re so pretty.”
Her smile turned tense. “Yes, well, I suppose it isn’t in the cards right now.”
“Surely there’s a man in your life,” the woman pressed. “Someone serious.”
Well, Jack was a man in her life, but was it serious? According to Sabrina and Cullen and probably everyone else who knew him, Jack was never serious about his relationships with women.
“You’re hesitating,” the woman said as she wagged her finger at Kennedy. “There is someone. Is the relationship new? It must be. Oh, look how you’re blushing. What’s he like? I just love to hear about new love.”
Kennedy chuckled and shook her head. “It’s too soon to call it that, I think.” 
It was, wasn’t it? How was she supposed to avoid getting hurt if she was thinking in terms of love? 
“What’s he like, sweetie? What’s he do for a living?”
“He’s, ah, in law enforcement,” she stuttered, feeling slightly overwhelmed by the woman’s attentions. “Can I help you with something?” she asked, needing to pull the conversation back to work, to the job, to an area in which she could feel steady, in control. 
Whatever might be happening with Jack and to her emotions, there was no doubt whatsoever that Kennedy was not in control. No matter how insistent he was that she give her verbal consent before they did anything, he didn’t even have to ask. The answer was always yes. 
The woman nodded, and ignored her question. “Law enforcement. Good career choice. Police officer?”
“Um, sort of. Can I—?”
 “Police officers make good husbands. Solid, steady. Always stay on the right side of the law. You would do well to keep that one.”
Keep him? Hell, Kennedy wasn’t even sure she had him at all to make that choice. She was so conflicted, she was going to end up with high blood pressure if this roller coaster of a relationship kept up much longer. The man had been wounded badly enough to require stitches, while protecting her home, and she was afraid to question his motives, ask him for clarification on whatever it was they were doing?
When she looked at it from that perspective, her fear, tiptoeing around the situation seemed silly. Maybe it was time to woman up, to roar. She gave the elderly woman a blinding smile.
And then she chickened out.

***
When Kennedy walked into the house eight hours later, Jack greeted her in the foyer. “How was your day?” he asked as he handed her a glass of chilled white wine.
“How are you?” she asked instead of answering his question.
He touched his shoulder. His shirt sleeve hid the bandage from view. “Fine. I’ve had worse. We found a wig, couple houses down from here. Hopefully it’s the perp’s and hopefully it’s custom-made. If all the stars align, we might be able to close this case soon.”
“That’s good.” What would happen when he did close the case? Would that signal to him that it was time to end their relationship? She presumed that FBI agents, unless they were working undercover, worked daytime hours, which meant he would no longer have a use for her key. She wanted to ask if he intended to return it, but she was afraid of his response.
“Come on, sit down. You look…” He appeared to struggle with finding the right word.
“Stressed?”
“Yeah, that’s about right. You still shaken up about what happened this morning?” As he talked, he snagged her free hand and led her into the living room to the couch. He sat and pulled her down next to him, then lifted her legs into his lap. He massaged her calves and Kennedy let her head drop against the pillow perched on the arm of the couch.
“I can’t even think straight when you do that,” she murmured, her eyes closed.
Jack chuckled and shifted his hands lower to massage her feet. She groaned.
“Did you talk to Sabrina today?”
She lifted her head and opened her eyes, but he found a particularly tingly spot on the ball of her foot, and she gave in to the sensations and let her head fall back again.
“I did.” Her voice was breathy.
“How’d she take the news?”
“That you and I are sleeping together? Better than Cullen thought she would. But if you’re asking, she certainly isn’t thrilled. Seems to believe we are too different.”
“She should talk. She and Cullen are as different as night and day.”
“I talked to Vanessa too. She yelled at me.”
“Why?”
“She seems to be under the impression I leapt into bed with you to spite her.”
“As good a reason as any, I guess. What are Sabrina’s specific concerns?”
“Oh you know, you’re a player, I’m not. You’re just looking for a good time, and I’m going to end up hurt. The typical. God, that feels good. Have I mentioned that my feet are a giant erogenous zone?”
“Oh yeah?” Jack shifted in his seat so that he was kneeling next to her. He held a foot in each hand and continued to massage as he leaned down to kiss her. She murmured her assent and grabbed his hair with the hand that wasn’t holding a glass of wine.
He released one of her feet and plucked the glass out of her hand. “We don’t want this to spill.” He cupped her foot again and pressed her knees toward her shoulders as he continued to massage the pads of her feet. She fisted her hands in his hair and pulled him toward her for a hot, wet, open-mouthed kiss.
The kiss turned frantic. Kennedy tugged at his shirt; Jack ripped the seam of her scrub top in his zeal to get it over her head. He stood up, pulled a condom out of his pocket and shed his jeans. Before kneeling on the couch again, he pulled off her pants.
He knelt between her legs. She leaned forward and sheathed him with the condom. He grabbed her feet again and began to massage. Kennedy sucked in a breath and stared up at him as he slowly, slowly pressed into her without pausing in his foot massage.
She made a strangled noise as her orgasm began to crest almost immediately. 
“Jesus,” Jack gasped as she arched and bucked beneath him, squeezing him with her inner muscles, pulling him, forcing him to rush over the edge and catch up with her.
A few moments later, he lay on his back on the couch, with Kennedy, lightly dozing, draped across his body, and continued to massage her right foot. 
“You weren’t kidding,” he murmured.
She startled from her doze and smiled without opening her eyes. “Keep that up and I’m going to expect a round two.”
“I’m happy to oblige, but we should probably eat something first.”
“Mm-mm.” She made no move to climb to her feet. He chuckled and slid out from under her, leaving her sprawled on the couch.
“It’s not nearly as comfortable without you here,” she called out as he headed towards the kitchen. She rolled off the couch, shuffled down the hall, used the bathroom, and went into the bedroom to change into shorts and a T-shirt. When she returned to the kitchen, her glass of wine was perched on the counter and Jack was staring at the contents of the refrigerator.
He turned when she entered the room, his eyes serious as he watched her pad lightly on bare feet across the cool tile. She lifted the glass, took a sip, and arched her brows in question.
“Can’t decide?”
Jack closed the refrigerator and leaned back, his arms crossed over his chest. “Do you think Sabrina’s right?”

***
He watched the confused look crawl across her face. Clearly, she’d moved on from the conversation they’d had on the couch. Well, he hadn’t. It was still bothering him. He needed to know what she thought of him. What she felt. For some reason, it was important.
“Do you think I’m a player?”
She arched that brow again and took another sip of wine. “Aren’t you?”
“Do you think I am right now? That I’m playing you?”
Kennedy hesitated. Her confused look turned nervous. He suspected she didn’t like these types of conversations any more than he did.
“Answer me, Kennedy.”
“I don’t know,” she finally admitted. “I don’t know what you’re doing or what you’re thinking. You have to admit, Jack, you have a reputation.” 
Before he could protest, she lifted her hand, palm out. 
“And I’m okay with that. I get it. I can live with it.”
“Can you? Yesterday you gave me a key to your house.”
“You asked for it,” she protested.
“I ask for a lot of things. Are you really going to give me everything I ask for?”
Nervousness turned to bewilderment. “What are you trying to say, Jack? I don’t understand.”
He stalked toward her, and when he was directly in front of her, he leaned forward and placed both palms on top of the counter, on either side of her hips. “I’m not easy to live with, Kennedy. I’m lousy at relationships, which is why I avoid them. I enjoy sex, a lot, which is probably why people consider me a player. That reputation allows me to get laid all I want without the complications of…more. But I’m also extremely demanding, and even though I try to remember to ask, I still have a tendency to just take what I want. You need to understand all of this.”
Her eyes widened as she stared at him. “O-okay,” she said, but he knew she didn’t understand. He knew she didn’t have a clue that he’d all but laid his heart out there, offered it up, if she was willing to take the chance on him. He was afraid to try to explain, because if she did understand, she might not respond with even a hesitant, “Okay.” She might just show him the door and suggest he have a nice life.
Jack wasn’t ready for that yet. He pushed away from the counter and strode to the door. “Let’s go grab something to eat. Cooking sounds like too much of a pain in the ass right now.”

***
When they returned from dinner, Vanessa was sitting on the front porch. With luggage.
“What are you doing here, Vanessa?” Kennedy asked warily. Jack had told her that Cullen wanted to hustle all three women into something akin to a witness protection program until this case was closed, but Sabrina had flat out refused, and he figured Kennedy would, too.
“You figured right,” she’d responded as she splashed hot sauce onto her shrimp po-boy. “Especially because I’m still convinced it’s you they’re after, and if I’m tucked away somewhere, all I’m going to do is stress over your safety.”
He’d been pleased with that comment, even if he wasn’t pleased in general that she was still essentially in the line of fire. Yeah, that made him a hypocrite, since a few days prior he’d walked out on her when she expressed concern over him risking his life for the case, but he was entitled to a change of opinion. This whole something-more-than-just-sleeping together concept was new to him.
“I’m staying with you,” Vanessa announced. She stood and brushed at the back of her short green and white sundress.
“Cullen kick you out?” he asked. 
Vanessa gave him a nasty look. “No. I chose to leave.”
“Why?” Kennedy asked.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it? You are sleeping with the man with whom I wish to have an affair.”
His reaction reminded him of the cat he had when he was a kid. The thing made a god-awful noise whenever it hacked up a hairball.
“So I’m going to see to it that you two aren’t sleeping together anymore. It’s just wrong. He should be mine. At least for one night.” 
She gave him a look that implied if he were willing, she would happily trot him back to the bedroom right now. He glanced at Kennedy. She offered up a helpless look in return. He lifted his hands in surrender.
“Not my house or my cousin,” he pointed out. “I’d suggest we go to my house, but I’m not comfortable leaving her here alone after what happened this morning.”
“Plus, I’d just follow you,” Vanessa added.
“How does Sabrina put up with you?” Kennedy asked.
Vanessa shrugged. “We don’t normally spend so much time together.” She wrinkled her nose. “And now I understand why. Did you know she doesn’t even have a housekeeper?”
“Neither do I.” Kennedy sounded as if she were hopeful that statement would cause her cousin to rethink her decision.
“But you have Jack.”
“Do you want me to just sleep with her and get it over with?” He directed the teasing question to Kennedy, but Vanessa answered. Actually, both women responded.
“Yes.”
“No.”
It was going to be a long evening.

CHAPTER EIGHT


Oddly enough, it was almost a relief to go back to posing as a stripper on Wednesday evening. Hanging out at the house all day with Vanessa hitting on him and Kennedy flip-flopping between irritable and temptress–or maybe that was just his impression because he wanted to get laid–had been exhausting. 
Try as they might, he and Kennedy hadn’t been able to convince Vanessa to leave, and Kennedy was too damn kind-hearted to get downright mean about it.
“What if Mac really did cheat on her?” she had whispered, when they lay in bed, not having sex because she was self-conscious over the fact that Vanessa was sleeping in the next room. He might have been more annoyed with her refusal if the other woman hadn’t made a point of bursting into the bedroom every two hours throughout the night.
Considering Kennedy’s own past experience with a cheating husband, he figured he couldn’t argue with her sympathy. He’d obviously never been in the same type of situation. Hell, he hadn’t had a real, full-fledged relationship since high school. 
When he arrived on her doorstep at five the next morning, he slipped into the house and headed straight back to her bedroom, only to discover Vanessa, asleep in the spot where he wanted to be.
“What the hell?”
“I’m sorry,” Kennedy whispered, as she looked up at him with doleful eyes. “She had a breakdown about Mac, and she was crying and crying and then she fell asleep.”
“Well wake her up.” He knew he sounded like an ass, but damn it, he wanted to sleep with her. He didn’t even freaking care if they had sex. He just wanted to be in the bed with her.
Instead of waking Vanessa, she climbed out of the bed, snagged his hand, and led him from the room. He admired the way her ass swung to and fro under those short boxer shorts she favored as sleepwear, and he changed his mind. He did want to have sex with her after all.
“We can sleep in the guest room or on the couch.”
“Couch,” he replied as he stepped closer and wrapped his arms around her waist, lifting his hands and cupping her breasts as he guided her toward the living room. “What if she gets up in the middle of the night and tries to climb into her own bed?”
She didn’t respond. She turned in his arms, grasped his biceps, and turned him around before pushing him down onto the couch.
“I’m all yours,” he murmured as she placed her hands on his shoulders and straddled his lap. Something flashed in her eyes, something that should have been concerning, but he was too caught up in the moment, too desperate to connect with her, to try to figure it out. Instead, he twisted his hands in her sleep-tousled hair and pulled her close for a kiss. Just as he hoped, she melted against him, sighing into his mouth as she tilted her head and slanted her mouth over his and gave in to what they both wanted. What they both needed.

***
When he woke, Kennedy was sprawled on top of him, naked, sound asleep, while Vanessa stood over them, sipping coffee and analyzing the scene with a critical eye. He groped around on the floor, found the blanket that had slipped off at some point in the last few hours, and pulled it over his sleep partner’s body. She stirred, but did not wake.
“You’re making a mistake,” Vanessa commented.
“It’d be even bigger if I slept with you.”
“Why do you think that?”
“Because you’re married, and I’m pretty sure you love your husband. And you don’t even know for sure if he cheated. You should make sure you have all the facts before you make such a monumental decision.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“My job is to gather all the facts before making a decision. If I don’t, the guilty party won’t be convicted. So actually, I do know what I’m talking about.”
Vanessa thrust out her chin and stomped away. Jack wrapped his arms around Kennedy’s sleeping body, nuzzled her soft hair, closed his eyes, and fell back asleep.
Only to be woken up an hour later by his phone.
“Time to look at some film,” his partner said in greeting. Cullen sounded too damn cheerful for only having gotten a handful of hours of sleep. Probably because he got to sleep in a real bed last night. Lucky bastard.

***
On Friday morning, when Cullen once again called and told him it was time to review film, Jack managed to corner Kennedy in her bedroom, before he dragged his exhausted self out the door. She’d changed from pajamas to her workout clothes. He wanted to strip them right back off her and do all those wicked things he alluded to while he was up on that stage, dancing for other women’s pleasure. He was suddenly ravenous for her body, but he couldn’t do a damn thing about it because Vanessa was still there, hovering like a damned overprotective queen’s maid, ensuring her charge didn’t let the big bad man steal her virtue. 
He settled for backing her against the wall and gyrating his hips against her pelvis while he kissed her breathless. “I don’t know when I’ll be back,” he said when he finally tore his lips away. “Be careful. Do not do anything stupid. Do not go anywhere alone. And for the sake of my sanity, get rid of your cousin.”
His plea didn’t work, although Kennedy insisted it wasn’t for lack of trying.
“Seriously,” he muttered as he slouched against the counter while Kennedy chopping ingredients for a grilled salmon salad. Vanessa had disappeared down the hall, giving them a brief respite. “I’m going to go fucking insane if that woman does not leave soon. Like tonight.”
“Why does she bother you so much? She fawns over you. You don’t like that sort of attention?” Kennedy teased him as she shredded lettuce.
“Not from her. The only person I want to pay attention to me like that is you.”
She turned her head and cocked an eyebrow.
“I want to get laid,” he qualified, realizing that he’d let slip something far more personal than he meant to. “With you,” he added before she had a chance to say something smartass, like suggest her cousin. Every time either of them said anything that could remotely be construed as too personal, they tended to either ignore the subject or dance around it, treating the comment as if it had been a joke.
The problem was, he wasn’t joking anymore. If he ever was. With Kennedy, he had a suspicion there had never been a point when it had been casual, just sex. But how did he tell her that? And what if she didn’t feel the same? She wasn’t exactly forthcoming with her feelings either. Unless she was writhing underneath him, begging him for more or screaming his name, he had absolutely no clue how she really felt. So she liked the sex. A lot. But what about the rest of it? 
Jack had never really considered the whole package before, because he never really considered anything beyond a simple, straightforward good time. Now, he couldn’t help but wonder, was he good enough – for more?
Kennedy added red onion to her salad and began slicing a tomato. “I’ll see what I can do,” she assured him. Her voice was neutral. He couldn’t tell if she was just saying that to appease him, or if she, too, was desperate for a little alone time.
“It’s not necessary.” He pulled a beer out of the fridge, all too conscious of the fact that she would not have beer in her fridge if he were not spending so much time at her house. Kennedy didn’t drink beer.
“You just said—”
“Yeah, well, I’m over it now. I don’t want to put you out.”
She snorted. “Put me out? Are you kidding me? You have no qualms with waking me up at all hours of the night, and half the time I don’t know if you’re going to jump my bones or pass out cold next to me. And now, suddenly, you’re worried about putting me out?”
He slammed the nearly full beer onto the counter and glared at her. “You know what? Forget it. I’m out of here.” He strode from the kitchen, leaving her standing there, probably leaning against the counter and wondering what the hell just happened.
Which was just as well, because he was wondering the same damn thing.

*
Marie just loved the Internet. It was truly amazing what one could find, with a little patience and perseverance. Sometimes it cost money to get the information one wanted, but who cared in the grand scheme of things? If the results were to her satisfaction, Marie considered it a purchase well worth the money.
Take, for example, the information she learned about Ms. Kennedy St. George, ne Mrs. Kennedy Coster, wife to a Mr. Jerry Coster. They’d wed five years ago and separated two years later. Kennedy had dropped the Coster almost before she’d changed any of her pertinent identification. In fact, she hadn’t even changed the name on her driver’s license before she separated from her husband.
Marie discovered some financial difficulties in there too. Late payments, negative marks on Mrs. St. George Coster’s credit report. The cable had been turned off, she even gave up her cell phone for a few months. She pieced it all together and surmised that Ms. Kennedy’s husband had a bad habit of gambling away far more money than he actually had to gamble. 
Kennedy St. George Coster reminded her of her own daughter, of Shannon. Both made very poor decisions with regards to the opposite sex. Both turned to male strippers as a way to forget their woos. The problem was, these strippers were worse than whatever the two women were running from. They were sinners. Bad, terrible people, leading horrible, immoral lives.
And like Shannon, Kennedy had to be taught a lesson.

CHAPTER NINE


Vanessa had gone out, to where, Kennedy had no earthly idea and frankly didn’t care. She was so tired of her cousin’s antics, she was barely able to remain civil.
She spent the rare alone time cleaning her house and was contemplating running a hot bath and soaking with a good book in hand when she heard the doorbell. She gave serious consideration to not answering it, figuring it was either a solicitor or Jack. But the reality was, Jack wouldn’t knock and it was too late for solicitors. Besides, if it was Jack, she really did want to see him, despite the way they’d left things earlier today.
She shifted gears, heading toward the entry instead of the bathroom. 
When she swung the door open, she wished she hadn’t. So much so, in fact, that she tried to immediately push it closed again. Unfortunately, the person on the other side anticipated her move and he was, by the simple act of physical demeanor, stronger than she.
She stepped into the doorway, blocking his entrance. “What the hell are you doing here, Jerry?” she demanded, her hands on her hips, her mouth twisted into a scowl, her eyes narrowed. She had the unnatural urge to pull back her arm and swing her fist at his cheerfully smiling face.
She hadn’t seen or spoken to her ex-husband in three years. She had assumed she’d closed that chapter of her life. It hadn’t been all that long ago that her credit score finally had climbed high enough she could consider purchasing a newer car.
He lifted both hands in the classic sign of surrender and tried for a sheepish look. “Is that any way to greet your husband after all this time? How about a hello?”
“You aren’t my husband. You’re a lying, thieving, conniving—” 
He flapped his hands, cutting off her impassioned commentary. “Okay, okay, okay. Relax, darlin’. I’m not here to steal anything.”
She snorted and crossed her arms over her chest.
“I just need to talk to you. Can I come in?”
He was the epitome of politeness, the very picture of innocence. With his perfectly groomed sandy-brown hair and big, brown eyes, he was the one your mamma wished you would bring home to meet her.
That smooth exterior hid a cold, black heart and a man who would steal from his own mother if he thought it would bring him better luck at the gaming tables.
“I don’t have any money, Jerry. You stole it all already, remember? I’m still trying to clean up my credit after what you did to me. If you think for one red hot minute that I would ever consider letting you back into my life, you are one seriously delusional human being.”
“Such an eloquent speech,” Jerry said, his voice faintly taunting. “And all for naught. Because I have some bad news for you, darlin’. We aren’t through yet. That divorce you thought you got three years ago? It never happened. I never signed anything. And if you want me to cooperate and give you what you want, then you’re going to have to let me in.” He smiled wide, showing off a mouthful of large, white teeth.
Kennedy wanted to knock them out of that mouth.
“We’re still married?”
He muscled his way into the house, shouldering past her when she tried to stand in his way. He paused at the entrance to the living room, his gaze roaming over the place.
“There’s nothing of real value left,” she said tartly. When he’d cleaned out her house the day after she served him with divorce papers, the only valuable item he’d left was her wedding ring, and that had only been because she’d worn it to work that day, as she hadn’t been ready to deal with the questions from her co-workers. Thank God she’d made that choice, because she’d hocked it to pay her bills the following month. 
Now he was back, three years later, to inform her that he’d never actually granted her the divorce? She’d slept with a sleaze-bag lawyer she never should have hired, and then she’d slaved sixteen-hour days, seven days a week for months to pay for the second, overpriced lawyer, and she still wasn’t divorced?
How unfair was this world?
Jerry found her outrage amusing. “Whatcha been up to while you’ve been waiting around for me to return?” he asked.
“I haven’t been waiting for you,” she snapped. “I assumed I would never see you again. Why are you back now? And why didn’t you sign those damn papers?”
She was just beginning to get back onto secure financial footing, after three years of barely scraping by, slowly and steadily paying off Jerry’s debt, which had, of course, all been in her name. The idea that he was back, that he would take it all away again, was giving her heart palpitations.
“I missed you,” he said, and he walked over to the couch, bent over, and picked up something off the ground. When he straightened again, Kennedy saw that it was a belt. Jack’s belt. 
“You’ve gained a few pounds, Kennedy, but this still looks awfully big for you.”
She wasn’t sure whether to be more outraged by his comment about gaining a few pounds or that he truly expected she had been waiting around for the last three years, pining for him. She stalked over and snatched the belt from his hand.
“Get out, Jerry,” she said coldly. “Get out before I call the police.”
“Go ahead. I haven’t touched you, and we’re still married, remember? What are the police going to do?”
Kennedy gritted her teeth and squeezed her fists until the leather of the belt dug into her palm. She took a few breaths to relax her raging emotions, and then she forced herself to be calm as she tried to decipher why the hell Jerry was back in her life again.
As it turned out–if Jerry could be believed–he conquered his addiction. He was no longer a gambling addict. He’d gotten help and was better now. All he needed was to find a job. Get back on his feet. He wanted to pay her back. He wanted to prove to her that he was the man she thought she fell in love with.
“I can’t, Jerry,” she said wearily, several hours into his ramblings. “I’m not in love with you anymore. I guess I’m glad you’re better now, but I can’t do it again. I’m sure there’s someone out there for you, but it isn’t me.”
She wasn’t in love with him; she was in love with someone else. Unfortunately, she suspected that particular person was in it for a good time and, eventually, she’d get her heart broken, but that didn’t matter at the moment. She could not walk away from Jack, nor could she turn back to Jerry.
Love really sucked sometimes.

***
Vanessa was at the club tonight. Alone, or so Jack presumed, since she’d managed to position herself at a table of elderly women. Jack could barely look at the group, because it was like looking at a gaggle of grannies, and who the hell wanted to see his granny at a strip club?
Sabrina, according to Cullen, was at home tonight, and he didn’t see Kennedy anywhere around. He was pretty sure Vanessa didn’t know anyone else in town, which meant she’d ventured out on her own this evening.
He wished he could slip away and head over to Kennedy’s house for some time alone with her. Without the burden of Vanessa hovering, he was reasonably certain he could talk her into getting naked with him. And maybe, just maybe, while they were in that vulnerable state, they could talk–about life, about relationships, about the two of them, and whatever the hell they were doing together.
After leaving her house earlier in the day in what could only be called a snit, he’d ended up at Cullen and Sabrina’s house. He pounded a beer out of sheer frustration, ignored Cullen’s snide comments, and then asked his partner how he did it.
“You and Sabrina, you’re so damn different. But it works. How’d you get to that point?”
Cullen barked out a laugh and drank his beer more sedately. “Dumbass, you’re the one who gave me the advice to talk to her. Once I figured out how to do that, everything else fell into place.”
After that mostly useless bit of advice, Cullen had narrowed his eyes and studied Jack with an uncomfortable scrutiny. “Is this about Kennedy? Jesus, Jack, what the fuck?”
 If this was Cullen’s version of talking, Sabrina must be a saint and a mind reader all wrapped into one pretty little package.
But he kept thinking about it, and kept thinking about it, and he realized his own advice was right. They just needed to talk. If he admitted to Kennedy that he felt more for her than a good time, maybe, hopefully, she might admit she felt the same. She was, after all, a relationship kind of girl. Hell, she’d already done it once. According to Cullen, she’d gotten married when she was twenty-five. It had only lasted two years, but that had been the ex-husband’s fault for cheating on her. 
Jack couldn’t imagine ever cheating on Kennedy. She was the perfect woman. She was flexible and accommodating and affectionate and she didn’t bitch when he showed up at her house in the middle of the night. She didn’t question the hours he put in at work. Hell, she didn’t question anything at all. His job occasionally made her nervous, caused her to worry for his safety, but if she didn’t worry about an FBI agent on occasion, he’d wonder about her intelligence. 
If he needed more proof that he ought to give this thing with her a try, she was the hottest thing he’d slept with in a very long time–if ever. Just thinking about how rubbing her feet had given her an almost instant orgasm made him consider walking right out the back door of the club, climbing into his truck, and heading to her house—to hell with the case, to hell with the group of dancers who didn’t realize it, but were counting on him and Cullen to keep them alive.
He didn’t leave. Even for Kennedy, he couldn’t. He had a killer to catch. He stood in the shadows behind the stage, while Sweetspot did his routine to Def Leopard’s “Pour Some Sugar on Me,” and he wondered if the killer was in the crowd tonight.
He and Cullen had watched surveillance tape until they’d both gone cross-eyed, and so far, they’d come up dry. “Half the damn women in this place come back night after night,” Cullen complained earlier that morning as they sat in one of the smaller conference rooms at FBI headquarters and watched grainy black-and-white footage as it played against the beige wall background.
Jack had been dozing at that point, and woke with a start. An elderly woman passed in front of the hidden camera. “Even the freaking grannies,” he muttered as she stepped out of sight again.
“We’ve avoided questioning everyone, because we don’t want to blow our cover,” Cullen mused. “But maybe it’s time. There’re two more nights, and then the show heads to Biloxi. I for one have no desire to go to Biloxi for the next two weeks. Nor do I want to keep up this grueling schedule. I hate functioning on four hours of sleep a night.”
Cullen’s misery echoed his own. The only difference was that Cullen’s home life was at least going well, whereas Jack’s home life–or whatever the hell it was–had evaporated into thin air, when all he’d been trying to do was convince Kennedy to get rid of her cousin so they could have some privacy.
Maybe talking wasn’t the best option.
It was his turn to dance. Danny introduced him, working the crowd into a frenzy, as his Nine Inch Nails number pulsed in the background. He’d never realized, until this assignment, how lust-crazed and base women could be. They were hardly different from men. They just hid it better, underneath light makeup and cute outfits, sexy heels and long, smooth hair.
He really needed to find some time alone with Kennedy. Action first, then talk. His frustration had turned into a dual combination of wanting to get laid and wanting to just be with her–on good terms.
Vanessa nearly tackled him when he leapt down and danced his way along the front of the stage. “Take me now or lose me forever!” she shouted as she pawed and tried to kiss him.
Jack kept his lips determinedly out of reach and said, “Guess I’ll lose you forever,” disentangled himself, and danced out of reach. All of the grannies except one were shouting their encouragement to Vanessa. The quiet one was probably the designated driver.
And men were accused of being louses? 
The show finally ended, the seats vacated, and more women filled them again. Many were the same, but some were different, and Jack tried to be optimistic that they would find their perp on tonight’s surveillance tape. He was tired of worrying for the safety of ten guys he didn’t particularly like all that much, and he was tired of worrying about Kennedy and the fact that he believed their Stripper Killer–as the media had dubbed the perp–knew where she lived.
 “The wig isn’t custom made and it’s widely available at Walmart stores across the country,” the lab tech had informed them the day after it was found in Kennedy’s neighborhood. They were checking the local Walmart stores to see if anyone recalled the purchase of this particular wig, but all they’d learned so far was if their perp was a man, he was likely dressing up as a woman.
The surveillance tape had shown them no one who looked like a man dressed in women’s clothing, nor had it shown anyone who was obviously wearing a wig.
“It could be a woman,” Cullen suggested earlier today.
It could be, Jack decided as he scanned the floor of the club. Each of the victims had been stabbed in the back when the attacks happened. Statistically, stabbings tended to be crimes of passion, which also played in the favor of a female perp. The only victim who hadn’t been stabbed in the back was the woman killed in Ranger’s hotel room. But she’d been a tiny thing, and a female with enough anger and strength to stab someone upward of twenty times could have easily subdued that particular target.
Tonight on the surveillance tape, they would continue to look for female suspects who looked as if they wore a wig. He zoned in on the group of grannies, who were mingling around the door, now flirting with Cullen, who looked mildly ill from the attention. Jack wanted to smile at the comical picture, but was one of those women was the perp? If so, why? Why would an elderly woman who attended male strip revues kill off the dancers afterward?
He asked Danny just that, while they hung out after the last show of the night, waiting for the after-party to wind down.
“Have you pissed off any older women, Danny?”
Danny snorted. “What sort of woman haven’t I pissed off? I piss off the young ones because I won’t date them, I piss off the old ones because I won’t date them. I piss off the old ones when I do relent and date a young one–and she happens to be their daughter, and Mom wanted to date me, too.”
The man was awfully damn full of himself.
“What sort of women do you date? I haven’t noticed you hanging around a particular type.”
Danny shrugged. “I used to have a type. Well, that’s not true. I just liked women, period. I wasn’t particular. Young, old, thin, fat, they were all beautiful to me. Until about two and a half years ago, when I fell in love. Legitimate, genuine, the real deal.” He sighed gustily.
“So you have someone waiting at home for you?” Jack asked dubiously. 
Danny shook his head as a look of sadness stole into his eyes. “Not anymore. She had just found out she was pregnant and was scared to death to tell her mom. Didn’t think her mom would approve of her choice of baby daddy. I told her I wanted to get married and be a family. I told her I loved her. Right before the end, I even offered to give all of this up for her. But it wasn’t enough. I never met her mom, but the woman had some kind of hold on her. She ended up killing herself. I came home and found her in the bathtub.” He shuddered and downed the drink he held in his hand.
Feeling like an ass for even asking the question, Jack awkwardly patted his shoulder. “Sorry about that, man.”
Danny shrugged off the sympathy. “It’s over. It’s been almost two years. Now I’m a little more choosy about my bed partners, which unfortunately means I don’t get a piece nearly as often as I used to.”
 Jack had never been particularly choosy, either, until he hooked up with Kennedy. Now, he barely noticed other women. Luckily for him, he already knew Kennedy’s pedigree. He didn’t have to worry about overbearing mothers, but he did have to worry about how to convince the woman that he wanted more than just to climb into her bed for the occasional romp between the sheets.
Damn, women were complicated.

***
It was four in the morning by the time they herded the last of the dancers to the hotel. “We’re out,” his partner said, as he wearily trudged toward his truck. Jack followed. Since he happened to have been at Cullen’s house when it was time to report to dancing/ bodyguard duty, they’d ridden together.
They were barely ten minutes away when Cullen’s phone went off, and he shot Jack an ominous look before pushing a button on the dash to answer the call.
“Someone’s here.” The voice was a harsh whisper and filled the truck cab. His partner immediately braked and did a u-turn in the middle of the road.
“Where are you?” Jack demanded. “Who is this?”
“Danny. Hurry. Help me! I don’t wanna die!”
The connection was lost. Cullen swore roundly and pressed more firmly on the gas. Jack used his own phone to call for backup. They made it back to the hotel in under five minutes, and both men bolted inside, guns drawn, wide awake and fully alert as they waved badges at anyone who happened to step into their path to  Danny’s room.
It turned out to be a false alarm. 
There was someone in Danny’s room, but it was an overzealous fan who’d hoped to give him a surprise when he climbed into bed. Her version of a surprise did not involve knives of any sort. The poor woman was just as frightened as Danny.
While it was a relief that no killer had made an attempt on anyone’s life that night, the end result was no less frustrating: His and Cullen’s covers were blown. The commotion caused by Danny’s fright and the swarm of FBI personnel that showed up on the scene brought all the dancers out of their rooms. Considering the two of them were first on the scene, both wearing badges attached to their belts and with guns in their hands, it was hard to deny they weren’t actually an exotic dancer and a club bouncer.
A few of the guys were pissed off that they’d been duped, some were angry over the idea that Danny thought they needed bodyguards, and a few were simply relieved to know the FBI was actively trying to track the person who was killing off their co-workers. Unfortunately, the fact that everyone now knew meant it would be nearly impossible to maintain their cover for long. With so many people in on the secret, the perp himself could already know.
“Shit,” Cullen said as they finally headed home, well after six in the morning. His hands squeezed the steering wheel so hard his knuckles turned white. “We have to find this guy. Now. What the fuck are we missing?”
Jack yawned widely. “Give me until noon. Let me sleep for a few hours, and I’ll meet you at the office. We’ll review the tape from last night. We’ll keep watching and keep watching until something sticks, damn it.”
A short time later, he was in his own truck, pulling away from the curb in front of Cullen’s house, heading west instead of south, which would have taken him toward his own home. As Kennedy lived only a few short miles from his partner, he pulled his truck up to the curb in front of her house within minutes.
Her car was under the carport, as it should be this early in the morning on a non-work day. He recognized Vanessa’s rental car, but there was a third vehicle parked in the driveway. Had Vanessa finally given up her quest to sleep with Jack and took someone else home instead? It was pretty ballsy of her to take a man home to Kennedy’s house. If Kennedy was pissed off about it, that didn’t bode well for him finagling his way back into her good graces tonight.
He killed the engine, climbed out of the truck, and headed up the walk to the front door, using the key she’d given him to slip inside. Someone was awake; the light in the kitchen was on. He headed to the kitchen, expecting to find Kennedy there, dressed in her workout clothes, getting ready to go for a jog.
He found a man, instead. A man who looked as if he hadn’t gotten much sleep the night before. He wore a white T-shirt and a pair of striped pajama bottoms and was leaning against the counter, sipping black coffee out of one of Kennedy’s mugs. When he lifted his gaze and saw Jack standing in the doorway, he fumbled his drink, sloshing scalding coffee all over himself but managing not to drop the ceramic mug.
“Shit. Ow. Ow. Ow. Shit.” The man danced around, holding the cup at arm’s length and splashing even more of the hot, dark liquid on the ground.
Jack watched the display until the man calmed down enough to place the cup on the counter, grab a dishcloth, and start wiping himself off.
“Who the hell are you?” the man asked.
Jack noticed he placed the cloth back into the sink without either rinsing it out or wiping off the great splashes of coffee on the floor. With a sigh, he snagged the cloth and cleaned up the rest of the man’s mess.
“Who are you?” he countered. 
“Jerry Coster.”
“Where’s Vanessa?”
Jerry shrugged and refilled his coffee mug. “How’d you get inside?”
“I walked,” Jack said, deciding it was none of this guy’s business that he had a key. “Excuse me,” he said, and he left the kitchen, heading down the hall to Kennedy’s room. He heard Jerry move around behind him, and he suspected the man had stepped into the entry to the hall to watch him, but Jack didn’t bother to turn around to clarify that suspicion. What did he care if Vanessa’s one-night stand saw him slip into Kennedy’s bedroom?
The shades were pulled, and the room was only dimly lit by the weak, early morning light. Clouds had rolled in overnight, and the sky was overcast, the air thick with humidity. It was the perfect day to crawl into bed with a hot woman and while away the time doing various acrobatic exercises that were sure to please them both.
If only he had that sort of time. Instead, Jack knew he needed to prioritize. Make sure Kennedy wasn’t still angry, convince her to make love with him, and then catch a few hours of sleep. If he was able to wake up with enough time to spare before heading to the office to meet Cullen, he would try to talk to her about the state of their relationship, what it meant to him, what it might mean to her. That was the part that would be the hardest of all.
He padded across the room to the bed and stood there, staring down at her sleeping form. Her head was all but buried in a squishy, downy pillow. The comforter was pulled up to her chin, and she was burrowed underneath, curled up in the fetal position. He lightly brushed a strand of hair away from her face, and she sighed and rolled over onto her back. One arm flopped onto the bed and the comforter slipped down to her waist, revealing a lilac-colored camisole. He was tempted to brush his hand over her nipples, but he refrained. Make sure she isn’t angry first.
He gently sat on the edge of the bed, which was enough movement to pull her from sleep. She blinked up at him with confusion in her eyes. “Jack?” she said sleepily.
And then she sat bolt upright as her gaze scanned the room, as if she expected someone else to be there as well. He reached out and touched her arm.
“Hey, it’s okay. It’s just me.”
The look in her eyes warned him that his hastily decided plan was probably not going to happen the way he hoped.
Damn it.

***
Kennedy sank back against the pillows. Had Jerry left in the middle of the night? She had a not-so-ridiculous urge to check her purse, to ensure her credit card was still in her wallet.
“Is my car in the driveway?” she asked. Her car was nearly ten years old, but it was still worth a couple thousand bucks. If he was on a roll, Jerry could make that last for a solid twenty-four hours at the casino.
“Yes. How are you feeling?”
That was a loaded question if she’d ever heard one. Frustrated. Confused. Angry. Afraid. What would he say if she blurted out all of those rather descriptive terms? He’d probably think she was referring to him. In reality, Jerry’s reappearance in her life had thrown her off-kilter, and she had no idea how to get her equilibrium back.
Unfortunately for Kennedy, she had too big a heart, and Jerry’s pleas and solemn oaths that he was a new man had worn her down, at least enough to let him stay for dinner. Which led to spending the night—on the couch, of course. 
He had nowhere else to go. He’d just gotten out of rehab, and with no money and no job, his only other option was to go home to his family, most of whom lived in California and did not know about his gambling problems.
“Besides, I have about forty bucks to my name. That’s not even enough for gas to get through Texas, let alone buy food to eat along the way.”
She’d assumed, based on the way she and Jack had left things, that he would not be back anytime soon. She thought she had time to figure out what to do with Jerry before she had to deal with Jack.
Naturally, she’d figured wrong.
Jack touched her arm again, and Kennedy wanted to wrap her arms around his waist, pull him into the bed, and hide under the covers until the rest of the world went away.
“Can we kiss and make up? I’m so exhausted, I’m asleep on my feet, and I have to meet Cullen at the office at noon. I just want to sleep for a few hours, but I don’t want you to be mad at me anymore.”
It was, undeniably, the sweetest thing Jack had ever said to her. She had to wrap her arms around herself to keep from launching into his arms, stripping him naked and licking him from head to toe. He didn’t have to worry about being exhausted. She would do all the work.
Instead of acting out her fantasy, she asked, “Are we alone?” 
Jack motioned at the closed bedroom door as his eyes practically devoured her. “I assume Vanessa’s still asleep. The loser she brought home last night is in your kitchen, drinking coffee.”
Her jaw dropped to her chest. “Vanessa brought someone home last night?”
He nodded grimly. “I hope she doesn’t hate herself too much when she wakes up. Hell, if her husband really did cheat on her, she should have either left him or gone to counseling or something. This eye for an eye bullshit is stupid.”
Her gaze darted to the door. What about Jerry?
“That’s it? Just the two of them? No one else?”
Jack narrowed his eyes. “Were you expecting someone else?”
Kennedy shook her head as relief flooded through her system. Jerry was gone. Thank God. She reached up and wrapped her arms around Jack’s waist, tugging him down onto the bed.
“No. Just you. Come to bed with me. I promise I’ll let you sleep. Just give me about twenty minutes or so.”
Jack grinned as he slipped under the comforter. “I like the way you think, babe.”
Kennedy loved the way he felt, lying on top of her. Even with clothing as a barrier between them, she could feel the contours of his muscles, the way they bunched as he lowered himself and captured her mouth with his own. She especially loved the feel of one particular muscle, pressing against her abdomen. She widened her legs and wiggled until she was high enough on the bed so that muscle pressed between her thighs instead.
“Oh yeah,” he murmured as he rolled his hips, sending shivers of pleasure through her body. “I missed you,” he whispered against her skin as he kissed a trail along her cheek to her ear, where he teased her lobe with his teeth and tongue.
She choked out a strangled laugh. “It hasn’t even been twenty-four hours since we last saw one another.” Her back arched when Jack’s tongue found its way to her cleavage.
“Yeah, but we argued, and I don’t like arguing with you.”
“Oh.” All sorts of emotions swamped her senses. Happiness. Hope. Delirium. Pleasure. Lust. Love.
Yikes!
He didn’t give her time to dwell on that particular, frightening thought. His mouth moved slightly to the right, and he suckled her nipple through the thin fabric of her camisole, causing Kennedy to cry out with pleasure.
“Jack,” she wheezed. “I need …I want…I…” 
And that was when her entire world came crashing down around her, in the form of her apparently not quite ex-husband storming through the bedroom door.
“Get off my wife!” he shouted as he took two steps into the room and then started shaking his fist.
Jack leapt off of her as if Jerry had taken a shot at him. “Your what?” he demanded as he sat up on the bed and glared at the intruder. Kennedy noticed that Jerry looked faintly green, and he wasn’t advancing any further into the room.
“I thought you said there wasn’t anyone else here?” she accused Jack as she tugged the comforter up over her chest to hide her very pebbled and aching nipples.
Jack gave her a bewildered look. “What the hell are you talking about? This is the guy Vanessa brought home last night…isn’t it?” 
She saw the emotions fly across his face. She saw the suspicion and then the comprehension dawning. Normally, she was attracted to his sharp, analytical mind. Today, she wished he were not quite so brilliant.
“Jack, it isn’t what it looks like,” she blustered, her eyes pleading with him to understand.
“What the hell do you think it looks like?” he demanded as he climbed off the bed and took a couple of steps away, apparently needing to put distance between them. Jerry backed up—probably afraid to get too close to Jack—and backed into Vanessa, who was suddenly looming in the bedroom doorway, looking grumpy and sleep-tousled. 
“Why is there so much noise so early in the morning?” she complained as she yawned. She glanced at Jerry and then did a double take.
“Jerry?” Vanessa exclaimed. “Jerry Coster?” Her head whipped around to stare at Kennedy. “What in the world is your ex-husband doing in your bedroom?”
“Not ex,” Jerry said, sounding far too cheerful. “Good morning, Vanessa. You’re looking lovely as always.”
“I look like I just rolled out of bed and have a hangover,” her cousin snapped. “What do you mean, not ex? I thought you dumped this loser three years ago, Kennedy. He cheated on you, for crying out loud.”
“Hey, I never—” Thankfully, Jack cut him off before Jerry could say something that would make a terrible situation even worse. It was bad enough she had to figure out how to explain that her ex had apparently never signed the divorce papers. To admit he hadn’t cheated on her, when she’d been weaving that same yarn for three years now…
“I think I need clarification on the ex concept,” Jack said. His voice was barely above a snarl. His gaze was on Kennedy, boring into her as if he could make her talk by sheer force of will. She knew he wanted to hear one particular thing, but unfortunately she couldn’t lie to him. 
She waved her hand in Jerry’s direction. “I guess we’re still married.”

CHAPTER TEN


“I’ve widened the search on the wig purchase,” Cullen said. “Every town in which Danny’s show has stopped since the murders started, plus the town right before, just in case.”
Jack said nothing, just continued to stare at the images shifting and moving on the screen in front of the wall.
“The necklace is a dead end. Three different jewelers confirmed that it’s at least ten years old, maybe more. And it was a mass produced piece. I think the wig is the best line we have right now.”
Still, he did not respond.
“Now that our cover’s blown, I went ahead and sent agents out to interview the dancers. We’re also working on identifying each club-goer on the security tape, so we can start bringing them in for interviews, too. Something’s got to give now.”
Jack lifted a Styrofoam cup of lukewarm coffee, took a sip, grimaced, and replaced it on the table.
“Kennedy’s pregnant.”
That jerked him out of his stupor. “What?” he asked, staring at Cullen. Jack had been operating in a fog these past few hours. A result of lack of sleep and his emotions running far too high.
Married. Kennedy was still married. He knew she had an ex-husband, although he’d been under the impression that it had been exactly that: an ex. But after he’d stormed out of her house and gone straight to the office to run her through the FBI system, he saw it, right there in black and white on the computer screen.
Technically, she was still Mrs. Jerry Coster. While she’d filed for divorce three years ago, her husband never responded, and she’d either not realized or simply hadn’t cared. Who the hell knew what she was thinking? Certainly not Jack.
He was clueless. He actually thought she might possibly be interested in him, for more than a good time. For…for what? What had he been hoping for?
Did it really matter? He couldn’t have it, that was for damn sure. The woman was married to another man. Jack didn’t do married women. He may have precious few morals when it came to women, but that was definitely one of them.
Especially a married woman from whom he wanted…more.
“What the hell’s going on, Jack?” Cullen demanded. “You’re a goddamn zombie right now.”
“I haven’t slept in twenty-four hours,” he muttered.
“Bullshit. That’s not the problem. Temporary lack of sleep comes with the job. What the fuck is going on?” Cullen repeated, sounding not unlike Jack’s father when Jack had been a teen and screwed up and was reluctant to admit to it.
He raked his hand through his disheveled hair and pushed out of the creaky office chair to pace over to the window. He stared down at the tourists mingled with locals who hurried along the sidewalk below, racing against the threat of impending rain. Dark clouds hung low in the sky, the wind had kicked up, and the promise of a torrential rainfall was heavy in the thick, muggy air.
“She’s married,” he finally admitted, the words torn from his lips. It was almost painful to say them out loud.
Cullen’s eyes widened. “Who? Our perp? Are you that certain it’s a female?”
He shook his head. “Kennedy. She’s still married. They never got a divorce.”
“So–Oh. Oh shit.” 
“Yeah. Oh shit. The first time I fall for someone, and she’s fucking married.”
“Sabrina never told me.”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if Sabrina doesn’t know. Goddamn it,” he swore and whirled around to glare at the scenes from last night, still playing across the screen hanging from the ceiling. Something caught his attention, and he stood stock still, staring for several seconds.
“Wait a minute,” he said, and he all but dove for the laptop computer attached to the projector. He pressed a few keys, rewinding the video, and then he froze the image.
“That woman,” he said, pointing at the screen. “Does she look familiar to you?”
Cullen studied the frozen, grainy footage. “Maybe,” he admitted. He walked closer to the wall, continued to study the image. “What are you seeing?” 
“The hotel. Where Ranger was killed.”
“The housekeeper. The one who was so freaked about cleaning the room. So she likes to go to strip shows. I don’t know if you noticed, but there were a lot more old ladies at those shows than makes me comfortable, frankly.”
Jack was only half listening. He was focused on the laptop, pulling up the security video from the night before last, searching for something… “There,” he announced triumphantly. He froze the video and pointed at the screen hanging from the ceiling. “It’s her.”
Cullen cocked his head and studied the image. “Hair’s different,” he remarked. “A wig?” He shifted his gaze, caught Jack’s and held. 
The woman on the screen was older, probably in her fifties, maybe sixty. In this particular shot, her hair was short, dark, and wavy. Her makeup was simple, although she’d lined her lips outside the lip line. She wore a simple flowered sundress and low-heeled sandals and carried a brown handbag.
“Check out the night before,” Cullen demanded.
Jack immediately complied. For the moment, his love life–or lack thereof–was forgotten, as he honed in on the case. Anticipation thrummed through his system, working better than the strong chicory coffee that cooled in the Styrofoam cup at his elbow.
“Holy hell,” Cullen said an hour later. “It’s the same damn woman. She must have a dozen wigs.” He pulled the computer away from Jack and tapped the keys, pulling up the FBI database and instigating a search.
“Let’s see if she pops.”
She did, but not because she had a criminal past.
“Marie Maloney,” Cullen read from the computer screen. “Fifty-one years old. Never married, although she had a daughter at age twenty-four. Get this,” he said, the excitement clear in his voice. “The father’s type of employment? Exotic dancer.”
Jack whistled. “No shit. Did he do her and dump her and then refuse to own up when she told him she was pregnant?” 
“Sounds like a strong possibility to me. It gets better. The father of her child died under suspicious circumstances when the child was two. Marie was questioned and cleared. Death was determined to be a result of a home break-in gone bad.”
“How’d he die?” 
“Multiple stab wounds to the back.”
“That’s a whole lot of coincidence.”
“The coincidences just keep coming,” Cullen said grimly. “The daughter died at age twenty-five. About two years ago.”
“Cause of death?” Jack prompted, getting into the rhythm they’d shared for ten years now.
“Knife wounds. All to the abdomen.” Cullen’s face was grim when he turned the laptop so he could see the picture on the screen. It was of a dark-haired woman, lying in a bathtub filled with red liquid. There were blood splatters on the tile, the shower curtain. Her lifeless body was floating in the water, one hand hanging over the side of the tub.
“She was in the tub,” he said. “And she was pregnant.”
“Son of a—” 
“Yeah. Time to call Danny Diamond.”

CHAPTER ELEVEN


It took them two hours to get Danny to FBI headquarters so they could question him. The warrant for Marie Maloney had already been issued. They had enough evidence even without questioning him. This conversation would simply seal the deal, nice and tight, as perfectly as a murder rampage could be closed down, at any rate.
An agent from the Oklahoma regional office was on his way to Marie’s house to question her, although Jack doubted the guy78 would find anyone home. He was convinced Marie was still right there in New Orleans, planning her next attack. 
They’d already checked with the hotel where Marie had pretended to be a housekeeper. They had hired her through a temporary service, and, not surprisingly, the information she’d given the agency had turned out to be phony. Jack and his partner didn’t know where she was holed up in New Orleans, but they were both anticipating going to the club that evening and apprehending the killer before she could cause any more harm.
“Shannon,” Danny said. He sounded confused. “Shannon Maloney. It was a suicide, guys. I found her. I didn’t kill her.”
“Sounds like someone thought you did at one point.”
“Of course they did,” Danny snapped. “Local cops get a call from the owner of a male stripper revue telling them his twenty-five-year-old pregnant girlfriend’s dead in the bathtub, what do you think they’re going to assume?”
“But you were cleared.”
“Three hundred people vouched for the fact I was at a club, managing my show, during the time of death. I didn’t do it. I loved her. I wanted to marry her. I told you, I was willing to give it all up for her, to become some stupid working stiff at a normal job to make her happy. Well, to make her mother happy, anyway. Shannon didn’t care that I managed a bunch of strippers, that I used to be one myself. I’m telling you, I didn’t do it.”
He knew Danny was telling the truth. If not from reading the file on Shannon’s death, then from his voice, his eyes, his face when he insisted he loved the woman. For the first time in his life, Jack understood a bit of what Danny was feeling. Because he could relate, he finally relented on the hard cop routine. “We know you didn’t. But we do think her murder is connected to your dancers’ murders. And her own father’s, actually.”
Danny shook his head. “She wasn’t murdered. They determined it was suicide. She was home alone at the time. I had a solid alibi, and she didn’t really have any other friends. The only other person she was close to was her mother, and that woman treated her like a frigging princess. Her dad died when she was two. Shannon didn’t even remember him. She killed herself because she was so distraught over being pregnant and my lifestyle, because she knew her mother would be upset.”
“So you think she hadn’t told her mother about the baby yet?” Cullen asked.
Danny shrugged. “I didn’t think so, at the time, but I guess actually she did know. The only time I ever saw her mother was at Shannon’s funeral, and she was a mess, howling and crying, carrying on. I felt bad for her, but when I tried to approach her, she was so angry that I ended up walking away. I do remember her talking about the baby, though. She accused me of killing her grandchild.” 
Jack shot Cullen the look that said, “Don’t tip our hand just yet.” 
“What’s this all about?” Danny asked. “Where’s the connection? Shannon was a good girl. And she’s dead. How could she be connected with my boys’ murders?”
Jack ignored his partner’s imploring look and slid a file folder across the table before flipping it open. Inside was an eight-by-ten photograph of a pretty brunette with curly hair and a wide, happy smile. Danny’s eyes widened as he sucked in a breath.
“Shannon.” His right hand stroked the picture. “Ah, Shannon,” he whispered, his voice cracking with unshed tears. “Why’d you have to go and give it all up, baby?”
“We don’t think she did, Danny,” Cullen said grimly. Jack pushed the photograph to the side. The one underneath was of her mother. It was roughly five years old and, they presumed, sans a wig. She had dark hair, like her daughter, cut into a shoulder skimming bob. Her eyes were wide, large. She had a pug nose, full lips. There was no question that she had once been as pretty as her daughter.
 “That’s her mother. Can’t remember her name…”
“Marie?” Cullen prompted.
“Yeah, that’s it. Shannon said if the baby was a girl, she wanted to name it after her mother. I told her Marie was a middle name not a first name, and maybe that’s why her mother was so possessive, because her name was confused. She always thought my lame jokes were funny.” He stroked the picture of Shannon again. 
Would Jack react the same way if—God forbid—something happened to Kennedy? The regret and sadness, coupled with the agony of not being allowed to have something so fleeting and precious.
Love.
“We don’t think it was suicide, Danny,” Jack repeated.
“What do you mean?”
“We suspect her mother killed her, probably because she was dating you and got pregnant with your baby.”
Danny was not easily swayed. “It was a suicide,” he sputtered. “I found her, in the bathtub. It was horrible.” He shuddered. “Besides, her mother was crazy about her. The woman treated her like she was a fragile doll that could break at any moment. She wanted only the best for Shannon, that’s why she hated the fact that we were dating.”
“She was twenty-five when she died,” Jack said, picking up the photo of the pretty brunette. “Quite an age difference between you, don’t you think? You’re older than her mother.”
Danny shook his head. “Age didn’t matter to us. We were in love. Shannon always laughed about it, because she said the guys her age were too immature. And I like to think I can compete with any of them when it comes to keeping myself in shape.” Danny puffed out his well-toned chest.
“We suspect her mother may have killed her. And her father. And your dancers,” Cullen explained. “Did she ever tell you anything about her father?”
Danny’s face had gone white under his fake tan. “Shannon said her father was killed in a home invasion when she was two. Her parents were never together. He was a dancer, a stripper. I remember she was real nervous about telling her mom about me because of it. Said her mom had a real hang up over men in general, but especially strippers. You think she really killed Shannon? And my boys?” Disbelief was slowly shifting to…shock.
“We found records of psychiatric treatment in her background. She appears to have a very obsessive personality. Feels the need to eliminate things that don’t fit into her world.”
“I loved her daughter. She loved her daughter, as far as I could tell. Why would she kill her?”
“Probably because you loved her, I’m guessing,” Jack said grimly. “Our theory is that she was afraid of history repeating itself. From what we’ve dug up so far, Shannon’s father was in it strictly for a good time. He had no interest in raising a family, being a dad, being a husband. We believe he made that clear right from the beginning, but Marie kept pestering him, kept trying to pressure him into being a part of Shannon’s life. One of our guys managed to talk to a woman who was interviewed when he was killed. According to her, they had recently started dating and it was getting serious. She said they had just started talking about moving in together, and two days later, his house was broken into and he was killed.”
“You think Shannon’s mother did it, because she found out he was serious about some other chick,” Danny guessed.
“Yeah. That’s our theory right now. We’ll have a better idea once we have Marie in custody.”
“So she killed her baby daddy because he fell for someone else. She killed Shannon because she fell for me. So why isn’t she coming after me? Why my boys?” He gripped the edge of the table.
“We don’t know why,” Jack said. “We have a couple of theories, but we won’t know for certain until we apprehend her.”
“What are your theories?” When neither agent immediately spoke, Danny smacked his palm onto the table. “Damn it, I have a right to know. These boys have died on my watch. I promised them money and fame and women, not death before thirty.”
He could tell by the way Cullen rapidly tapped his pen against his leg that his partner didn’t want to go into any more detail. But Jack figured the guy had a right to know. He had always been more forthcoming than Cullen, which was funny, really, considering the last couple weeks he’d spent with Kennedy. Where would they be now, if they had only talked openly, even once?
“One of our theories is that she’s trying to get her revenge by destroying your mode of living. Maybe, in her fucked up way, she thinks she can shut down the entire exotic dance industry. Or maybe she just wants to get at you. Like I said, we won’t know until we talk to her.” 
Danny’s hand balled into a fist and he slammed it onto the table, causing everything on top to jump. A water bottle rolled to the floor. A half-empty cup of coffee overturned and pale brown liquid streamed across the table. All three men ignored it. 
“I loved her, damn it. Shannon was happy. We both were. What right did that woman have to take that away from us?”
She didn’t have any right. And they were going to make sure she was locked up so that she never hurt another person again. 
Tonight.

CHAPTER TWELVE


Something was wrong. They’d checked the tapes, they’d shown her picture to all the other dancers and the bouncers. Marie Maloney had been at every single show since Danny’s Diamond Dancers came to town, more than a week ago. It didn’t make sense that she wasn’t at the club tonight.
“She couldn’t possibly know we’re on to her,” Jack muttered as he once again scanned the crowd of cheering, screaming women from behind the stage where he and Cullen were hidden, out of the patrons’ view. Tonight, they were straight up FBI agents, waiting for their suspect to make an entrance so they could close this case and go home. Cullen planned to lock himself and Sabrina into their house together for the duration of the weekend. Jack planned to go to his empty home and do…nothing. Probably, he’d sit on the couch for three days, watching sports on television, drinking beer, and eating pizza. What the hell else did he have to do?
What he should do, he told himself maliciously, was pick up one of these women who were all hot and bothered over the guy strutting on stage. He ought to go back to his lifestyle of mindless sex with a continuous carousel of nameless women.
Which was just about the last thing he wanted to do, damn it. It pissed him off that Kennedy had such a hold on him, that he’d fallen so damn hard for a woman who wasn’t even available to fall for. It pissed him off that despite the fact that she was no longer in the picture, he still had no interest in any other women.
“Something’s not right,” Cullen muttered. 
Jack shook off thoughts of Kennedy and glanced at his partner. “You getting one of those vibes you tend to get?”
“Yeah,” Cullen admitted. “There is no logical reason she would not be here tonight. Unless someone tipped her off, or she’s planning something else. But what would it be?”
He glanced at his watch. Almost midnight. One more show and they’d call it a night.
“Maybe she’s waiting till after the show,” he suggested. “Maybe she figured out the location of the new hotel, and she’s waiting there for the dancers to return.”
Cullen pulled out his phone, pushed a button, and then paused while it rang. When someone answered, he directed them to get to the hotel and scope it out, searching for one Marie Maloney. 
A moment later, Jack felt his phone vibrate against his hip. He slipped it out of his pocket and glanced at the caller ID.
Unknown. He contemplated answering for all of five seconds. Probably, it was a wrong number. Or one of his past flings, hoping to revive something for one more night.
He wasn’t interested in speaking to either party, so he sent the call to voicemail and slipped the phone back into his pocket.

***
“He didn’t answer. I left a message. I guess now we wait.”
Marie placed the phone on the table situated between her and her prisoner. The prisoner gave her a sullen look.
“Don’t look at me like that, Shannon,” Marie admonished. “This is for your own good. As soon as he calls back, I’ll explain the rules of the situation, and then I’ll call my associate, who will meet him at a pre-defined place to retrieve your necklace. Once we have the necklace, we can leave.”
Kennedy glared at the mad woman. Who the hell was Shannon? Had she really been kidnapped because this woman thought she was someone else?
What an idiot she’d been. The brown-haired woman showed up at her door a few hours ago, looking innocent and elderly and clearly upset. 
“It’s Jack, sweetie pie,” she’d said in a clear New Orleans drawl. “He’s so devastated, he’s locked himself in his house. I’m worried he’s going to do harm to himself. Maybe you can talk him off the ledge?”
She hadn’t even questioned the woman. Hadn’t thought to ask who she was, how she knew Jack, and why she knew to come to Kennedy when he was in trouble. She’d simply grabbed her purse and her shoes and followed the woman to her car. If Jack was in trouble, she would help, regardless if he wanted her to or not.
He probably did not want her help. She was certain he hated her at this point. For as long as she lived, Kennedy knew she would never forget the look on his face when she admitted that she was still married to Jerry. It was as if someone kicked his puppy while he sat helplessly and watched. Considering that Jack probably didn’t have a helpless bone in his body, that was saying something.
More importantly, he looked as if he would never forgive her, ever, no matter what she said or how she explained that she had no idea Jerry hadn’t granted her the divorce. If only Jack would give her a chance to explain. If only.
Although, at the moment, she had more immediate concerns to deal with. Such as the fact that she’d been kidnapped by someone who very clearly knew that she and Jack had some sort of connection. 
It was embarrassing how easy she’d made it. She’d simply slid into the front seat of the woman’s car. At that point, the lady had shoved a rag into her face, and of course she’d done what any normal human being would do: she tried to suck in air, startled by the sudden lack of oxygen.
The next thing she knew, she was sitting in a chair in what she surmised was a hotel room. Her arms were tied together behind the back of the chair and her legs were tied to the chair legs. There was a gag in her mouth that made it difficult to breathe, especially when she’d come to and initially panicked.
“Breathe, sweetie pie,” the crazy old bat crooned. “Breathe. Through your nose. There you go. Easy does it.”
 Panic threatened to well again as Kennedy listened to the insane woman leave a message for Jack, telling him it was imperative that he call her back because she had something he wanted, and he had something she wanted, and she was more than happy to make a trade. If she weren’t gagged, Kennedy would have told the woman not to waste her breath. Jack didn’t want her, not anymore.
As the woman blathered about some impending baby and possible nursery colors, Kennedy looked around at her surroundings. The walls were neutral, with paintings of theatre masks complete with large feathered plumes that were available at every retail chain store within 500 miles of New Orleans. There were two beds—Kennedy hoped that didn’t mean the woman meant to keep her overnight—and both were covered with worn, navy blue bedspreads. The carpet was threadbare and the sink and a large mirror were outside of what she assumed was the bathroom. Wherever they were, the accommodations were not expensive by any means.
She didn’t travel very often, and when she did, she usually crashed with a friend or relative, so she did not have nearly enough experience with hotels to even venture a guess as to the chain, or even the location of this room. She could only assume they were somewhere in the vicinity of New Orleans since her captor was calling Jack and offering to exchange Kennedy for something she perceived he had that belonged to someone named Shannon.
Was Shannon one of Jack’s former lovers? But then what was the old woman’s involvement? Why did she think Kennedy was Shannon? And what the hell did Jack have that was so important that this lunatic had been willing to kidnap her to get it back? Didn’t she realize she was dealing with the FBI? Besides the fact that Jack would have no interest in exchanging Kennedy for anything, he would most certainly put the job first and set about trying to arrest the woman more than he was likely to come to Kennedy’s rescue.
It hurt, but it was the truth. Damn it.
Kennedy watched as the woman picked up her phone and fiddled with it. “I should try again,” she announced, and then she pressed the redial button.

***
Cullen glanced over as Jack pulled his phone out of his pocket and then replaced it again. “Hoping Kennedy will call?” he suggested mildly.
“No,” he ground out. “I’m sure she’s busy cozying up with her husband right now.”
“Did you even give her a chance to explain? Or did you do what you normally do and react without thinking? I bet you stormed out before she could say a word, didn’t you?”
Jack glared at his partner and best friend. “Shut the hell up,” he suggested. “And focus on the case.”
 “There’s no case to focus on,” Cullen grumbled as the group of oiled and barely-dressed men headed onto the stage for their last performance of the evening. “She isn’t here, she isn’t at the hotel. She isn’t at her house in Oklahoma, although the agent there said he found some pretty fucked up shit.”
“Like what?”
“A shrine to the dead daughter, including an ultrasound picture and a crib he said was probably thirty years old but had been refurbished recently.”
“You think it was the daughter’s, and she planned to use it for the grandbaby?”
Cullen shrugged. “That’s what it sounds like. He also found a bunch of handwritten notes, all about Danny and his shows.”
“Pretty damn implicating evidence.”
“Yep. Problem is we have no suspect now. Where the hell did she go?”
Jack’s phone beeped, indicating he had a message.
“Why aren’t you checking your voicemail?” Cullen asked.
“I’m not interested.”
“How do you know it isn’t Kennedy?”
“I don’t want to talk to Kennedy, either,” he lied. “Besides, I know it isn’t her because the calls are from blocked number.”
“Check them,” Cullen urged.
“Fine. Jesus,” Jack muttered, as he lifted the phone to his ear and listened to the messages. His mouth went dry and his heart began to race.
“What?” Cullen demanded, watching him intently.
“It’s her. I’m sure of it. Listen.” He offered the phone to Cullen, who snagged it and held it to his own ear.
After listening to the second message, Cullen gave him back the phone. “I think you’re right. What does she have that you want?” he asked, sounding baffled.
“No idea,” Jack said, and then he froze. The attack in Kennedy’s home. “Shit,” he swore as he fumbled with the phone, trying to push buttons with suddenly clumsy fingers.
“What?” Cullen demanded. “What?” he repeated when Jack didn’t immediately answer.
“Kennedy,” Jack snapped, and he finally managed to punch the button to call her phone number. “No answer. Call Sabrina.”
Cullen immediately complied, and hung up after a brief conversation. “She hasn’t seen Kennedy, but she’s calling Vanessa.”
Cullen’s phone rang and he answered it immediately, listened for a moment, and then hung up again. “Vanessa says she isn’t at her house, she hasn’t seen her all evening, and she found Kennedy’s purse laying in the front yard when she arrived a little while ago.” He began walking as he talked, and Jack didn’t hesitate to fall into step next to him.
“That stupid fucking bitch! Doesn’t she have a goddamned brain cell in her head?” 

***
“I don’t know,” Vanessa whined a few minutes later in response to the brutal dressing down he gave her while Cullen prowled through the house, looking for clues. “I–I didn’t think,” she stuttered, choking on her sobs. “I’m so sorry!” She sank onto the couch and dissolved into tears.
“Useless,” Jack muttered. “The killer fucking has Kennedy. Goddamn it, she has Kennedy.” His voice rose with his agitation. Clearly, he’d been lying to himself when he claimed not to want to see her. He desperately wanted to see her. Alive and well.
In his head, he saw Shannon, floating in a bathtub of blood-tinged water. Kennedy’s face replaced that of the dead woman, and Jack ruthlessly pushed away the thought.
I won’t let her die.
Cullen placed a hand on his shoulder, pulling him out of the self-induced nightmare. “Let’s talk through the voicemails,” Cullen commanded. His voice was calm and Jack spared a moment to appreciate what he was doing. And then he focused on getting her back.
“Just gave me a number to call. What do I have that she wants? What the fuck could possibly be as important as Kennedy?”
Cullen snapped his fingers. “The necklace,” he said. “The jewelers all said it was old. Family heirloom maybe?”
“I bet it belonged to the daughter.”
“You’re right,” Cullen replied, slapping the wall for emphasis. “Call her. Set up the trade while I contact the office to arrange backup. Try to get her to a place that works to our benefit.”
Five minutes later, Cullen was the one swearing a blue streak. “A goddamned, wide-open cotton field? That’s the best you could do?”
“She didn’t give me much of a choice,” he defended himself. And in truth, he was willing to do whatever the hell the woman said, so long as she did not hurt Kennedy.
“Let’s go,” Cullen barked. “We’ll barely get there on time since we have to swing by headquarters first.” As they raced from Kennedy’s house, they both held phones to their ears, reporting in, asking for backup, talking to the evidence room attendant about getting the necklace sooner rather than later. 
An hour later, Cullen pulled his truck over to the side of an old, two-track lane that ran through the middle of two massive cotton fields. He and Jack sat side by side on the bench seat, surveying the landscape. The rain that had been threatening all day had recently broken free of the clouds, so now the road was muddy and hadn’t been graded recently—if ever. The clouds hid the moon, lending the area an eerie, almost pitch blackness. 
“How the hell are we supposed to see?” he complained.
“If we can’t see, neither can the Maloney bitch. And since we have agents posted all over the damn place, that’s a good thing. Come on, let’s go save your woman.”
“She isn’t mine,” he muttered, lifting the collar on his FBI issue rain slicker and climbing out of the cab of the pickup truck.
They fanned out, Cullen slipping off into the rain-soaked darkness, while he headed straight for the meeting place. The plan, according to Marie, was simple: they would meet near an old tree stump in the middle of this specific cotton field. Jack would give her the necklace and Marie would give him Kennedy. The phone conversation had been brief.
“I know you will do the trade, so don’t try to bluff. I’ve been watching you. I know you love her.”
Called out by a goddamned psychopathic killer. He hadn’t even realized he was in love with Kennedy, but Marie Maloney knew. It pissed him off even more that she was right, and that despite the fact that Kennedy wasn’t his to love, he still did, and would do whatever it took to save her.
Jack used a small penlight to help guide him through the rows of wet plants. Creamy, white flower petals clung to his pant legs, quickly soaking the material, making it difficult to walk. He flashed his light ahead and saw a lone figure, huddling in a rain slicker with the hood pulled up and the head ducked down, away from the rain. Jack approached cautiously, the memory of Marie Maloney’s skill with a knife still sharp in his mind. He knew Cullen and a dozen other agents were hiding in the vicinity, but that did not mean he should be a fool and throw caution to the wind. 
When he was close enough, Jack flashed his penlight over the huddling person and frowned. The stature was wrong, plus, where the hell was Kennedy? A hand thrust out from under the rain slicker.
“Necklace,” a rough voice demanded. The owner of the voice was very clearly trying to disguise it, but Jack could still tell he was dealing with a man instead of a woman. 
It didn’t make sense. Why was he meeting with a man? His senses sharpened, as every tendon in his body tensed, the instinct to fight riding him hard. He wanted to grab this guy and pummel him, even though he had no idea of his involvement or whether or not Kennedy was safe. Jesus, he was turning into a freaking caveman. 
“Who are you?” he demanded, forcing himself to stay calm.
“Necklace,” the man insisted again. His voice faltered, and Jack thought it sounded vaguely familiar.
“Where’s Kennedy?”
“Someplace safe,” the man said. “I get the jewelry first, then I call and have her released. Now give me the damn thing.” 
That voice… No fucking way. In two long strides, he reached the man, grabbed the hood of his rain slicker, and jerked it off his head, freeing a handful of hair in the process, if the owner’s cry of pain was an indication.
“Jerry Coster,” he said with disgust. “You’re in league with the fucking Stripper Killer?”
Jerry stumbled and almost fell over as he tried to pull free of Jack’s iron grip. Jack twisted his arm behind his back, making it impossible for him to flee. Not that it would have mattered. If the chickenshit tried to run, Jack would shout for his backup to take him down.
“Damn, you freaking scalped me,” the little piss ant whined.
Jack twisted his arm higher against his back, until the asshole was practically crying.
“I didn’t do anything,” he blubbered. “I’m not in league with anyone. I’m just–I’m just doing a favor for someone. Making a little extra cash.”
“Where is she?”
“Where’s the jewelry? I’m supposed to collect a necklace with a cross pendant made of diamonds. It better be the real thing, too,” he warned, although his bravado was clearly shaky.
“You aren’t getting the goddamned necklace until you tell me where the hell Kennedy is.”
“I don’t know,” Jerry admitted. “I’m supposed to collect the necklace and then call and let her know. She’s going to tell me where to meet her, and then she’s going to pay me.”
“What about Kennedy?” Jack asked. His blood was suddenly ice in his veins. Jerry clearly only cared about his payment, and Marie cared only about the necklace. So where did that leave her prisoner? 
“I don’t know,” Jerry insisted. “Look, if I don’t call soon, she might hurt her. You don’t want that, do you? But if I get the necklace and call, then probably she’ll let your girlfriend go.”
Probably. Jack doubted it.
“Do you even care if she lives or dies?” If this sorry excuse for a husband cared at all about her, why had he stayed away for the past three years?
Jerry’s shoulders hunched. “Sure I do. I mean, Kennedy’s pretty cool. At least, she used to be. But I need the money, man. I have debts. I owe some people, and they aren’t very nice. This little job is going to get me back on track. I…I won’t have to fear for my life anymore.”
Until the next loan shark came along. He’d read the information he’d dug up on Kennedy and her errant husband, as much as it hurt to do so. He knew Jerry Coster had a giant gambling problem, that he was always a half step away from going under, or worse, losing a limb or possibly his life to one of the shady loan sharks who preyed on idiots like him. How the hell Kennedy hooked up with someone like him, Jack would never know.
Unable to resist, he asked the question out loud.
“Hey,” Jerry protested. “I can be charming, when I want to be.”
Jack could be charming, too. His charm had landed him in the back of a limo with Kennedy, had given him the most amazing sex with the sweetest, most wonderful woman. Did she regret letting him lure her into bed with him? Did she fear that if she stayed there, things would turn out like they had with Jerry?
“Did she know about the gambling?”
Jerry didn’t even need to answer. Jack could see it on his face.
“You lied to her,” he guessed. 
“I never lied,” Jerry insisted. “I was clean when we met, when we dated. I didn’t start gambling again until after we were married.”
“And?”
“And then I just never told her about it.”
“You cheated on her. That’s lying.”
“I never cheated on Kennedy.” Jerry shook his head so vehemently, water sprayed everywhere. “Dude, you’ve obviously slept with her. Would you cheat on her?”
Jack punched him. On principle.
The lying bastard rubbed his jaw, glaring at Jack through the pouring rain. “What the hell was that for?”
He ignored the question. “Why the hell does everyone think you cheated on her?”
“No idea.”
The only person who knew that answer was Kennedy. Who was currently being held prisoner by a woman who liked to carve people up with a knife. 
 He twisted his hand into Jerry’s coat and the man made a strangled noise as he was forced up to his tiptoes when Jack pulled him close to look him in the eye.
“You’re going to help me save her, asshole. If you don’t, I will personally feed you to your goddamned loan sharks. Am I clear?”
 “Crystal.” 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN


The sound of a ringing phone jerked Kennedy from a light doze. She blinked her bleary eyes and watched as her captor answered. 
“Took you long enough,” the older woman snapped. “I was about to abort the mission.”
She listened for a moment, and pursed her lips, clearly not pleased with whatever the person on the other end was saying.
“Do you have Shannon’s necklace?” After a slight pause, her demeanor obviously relaxed, telling Kennedy that yes, the accomplice had been successful.
That meant Jack had been willing to give up some supposed treasure for Kennedy’s safety after all. That thought ought to have given her hope, but Jack was an FBI agent. He was just doing his job. She refused to allow herself to believe that he’d done it for her, because he cared, and not because she was just another hostage. 
It was easy, actually, to think that way, after the way he’d stormed out of her bedroom and her life when she’d admitted that Jerry wasn’t her ex after all. That hurt, but she didn’t have time to dwell on it, not right now. The more pressing problem was her own mortality. 
The FBI was clearly willing to negotiate for her life, but she couldn’t believe that her crazed captor intended to let her go. She’d seen the woman’s face, had listened to enough of her ramblings to know that she lived in Oklahoma and was making plans for her grandchild’s impending birth. Kennedy could lead the authorities to her, could identify her in a lineup. Even an insane person would realize that and make accommodations.
Such as killing her prisoner.
Kennedy listened to the woman rattle off a meeting place that was northwest of New Orleans proper. Was that their current location? If so, it was a long way from her home and from downtown. The likelihood of Jack figuring out where she was being held was slim. Her situation was becoming grimmer by the minute.
The woman disconnected the call and seemingly absently began stroking Kennedy’s hair. She flinched and her captor paused, hand positioned next to her head. “What’s wrong, Shannon?”
She paused so long, Kennedy assumed she wanted her to speak, but when she opened her mouth to say something–what, she had no idea–the deranged kidnapper said, “We’re almost there, Shannon. We’ll have your favorite necklace back in a little while. Then we can go home and prepare for baby’s arrival. I do hope it’s a girl. I really want a granddaughter.” 
How could her captor talk like this? Even if Kennedy looked like Shannon, she had a gag in her mouth and was tied to a chair! How could the woman not see that this entire situation was wrong?
 Her jailer bustled around the hotel room, packing clothing and toiletry items into a tan colored bag with wheels and a pull-out handle. “We aren’t going to come back here afterward. We’ll go ahead and get on the road. When we get too tired to drive any longer, we’ll stop at a motel.”
 She unrolled a towel, revealing a long, thin blade, like a boning knife. Kennedy’s eyes widened as she watched the woman carefully re-roll the weapon and then slide it into a pocket in the rain slicker that hung on a chair near the door.
A knife? Oh-my-God … had she been kidnapped by the Stripper Killer? She tried to remember what Jack told her about the case, but nothing was coming to mind. Nothing that could possibly help her in this situation.
Why had the woman kidnapped Kennedy? Was it really all about a necklace? None of this made any sense. Especially after this calm, methodical stranger went to Kennedy’s house to kidnap her in the first place.
Finally, the woman zipped her suitcase closed and straightened. “Okay. All set now. I’m going to load this into the car and then I’ll be back to get you, Shannon,” she said cheerfully, as she rolled the suitcase toward the door.
As soon as she exited the hotel room, Kennedy began thrashing around, trying to escape her confinement.
She didn’t want to die.

***
“What do we have?”
Jack stood over the poor tech’s shoulder, probably scaring the shit out of the guy, but he didn’t give a damn. This kid, who looked like he was all of twenty years old at the most, was supposedly the best tracer in the whole damn state. If anyone could figure out the physical location of a cell phone with precious little time in which to work, it was Terrance Patterson. 
“Jack, let him breathe,” Cullen said, as he clapped a hand onto his shoulder and pulled him away. “He’ll work a hell of a lot faster if you step off and give him some space.”
Terrance wasn’t even full-fledged FBI yet—merely an intern working toward a criminal justice major at the University of Texas. If he came through with Kennedy’s location, Jack would personally ensure he had a job when he graduated. Anywhere in the entire damn country. So long as Kennedy was safe.
“It…it’s okay,” Terrance stuttered. “I don’t mind. I…I know this is an important case.” 
He looked up at Jack and quickly averted his gaze from whatever he saw there. Probably desperation tinged with frustration and a little bit of fear. He was fighting back the fear with every ounce of willpower he possessed, though. She had to be safe. She had to be.
“Got it!” Terrance suddenly leapt from his seat and turned around, his arm held high, as if he were waiting for a high five. Neither Cullen nor Jack gave it to him, but one of the other agents in the room did.
“What? What do you have?” Jack demanded as he leaned over the back of the chair Terrance vacated and tried to decipher what was on the computer screen.
The kid started babbling about satellites and speed and maps and directions, and Jack cut him off, not caring or needing the lesson on how information technology worked. 
“Just tell me where the hell she is,” he growled.
Terrance cleared his throat and sat back down in his chair. “Our suspect made the call from a motel in Laplace,” he said, naming a small town located northwest of the city.
“Give me the address,” Jack demanded, his phone already in his hand, GPS pulled up on the screen.
Terrance rattled off the information from his computer screen, and Jack grabbed Jerry’s arm. Jerry had been sulking, hunched over in a chair in a corner, required to be in the room but not allowed to play any sort of active role in the situation.
“Let’s move,” Jack said dragging the douchebag out of the chair and striding from the room.
Cullen chased after him. “Hey, wait up,” he called out, reaching for Jack’s arm.
“No time,” Jack said, shaking off Cullen’s grip.
But his partner refused to let go, and he finally pulled Jack to a stop. Jerry stumbled and had to grab the wall to keep himself upright. 
“You need to chill,” Cullen commanded. “Blowing off the rules, charging in like you’re the fucking Lone Ranger is going to get Kennedy killed.”
“We don’t have time to wait for the government to get its shit together,” he said. “What if they move? What if she hurts Kennedy?”
“I’m reasonably certain she isn’t going to do anything to Kennedy until she has the necklace in her hands.” He glanced at Jerry, like that loser could give them a confirmation.
Jerry nodded vigorously. “He’s right,” he said. “That lady’s crazy. She’s obsessed over that necklace.”
“So let’s think this through,” Cullen said. “Let’s do this the right way, so that Kennedy can go home with you tonight, okay?”
“Let’s do this right so that she can go home,” Jack amended his partner’s comment. The chances that she’d go home with him were slim to no-fucking-way, not after the way he flipped out and stormed out of her house the day before. And even if she did, if she found it in her heart to forgive him for being an ass, what the hell could he offer her? He was ten times lousy at relationships–obviously. She deserved so much more than some horny playboy who didn’t know the first thing about making her happy. 
“When did you become such a pansy? Since when did you stop fighting for what you want?”
He gave Cullen a bewildered look. “What the hell are you talking about? You’re the one who just hip checked me, remember?” 
“I’m talking about Kennedy, and the fact that you’re obviously in love with the woman. So why do you keep insisting you aren’t?”
Frustration and anger boiled over, and Jack released Jerry to shove his partner up against the wall in the utilitarian, empty hallway. It was nearly two in the morning and the FBI building was experiencing a rare moment of near quiet. The only activity was in the room they’d left a few minutes prior.
“It doesn’t fucking matter,” Jack snarled. “What the hell can I give her?” He gave Cullen one last shove and then released him and continued striding down the hall. 
“If all you’re doing with her is screwing around, then fine, I get it,” Cullen called after him. Jack’s steps faltered for a moment, but then he kept walking.
“But I don’t think that’s what you’re doing. I think she’s the one, and you’re pissed off that the whole thing isn’t perfect, like you want it to be.”
He slowed and finally stopped, and then turned around to glare at his partner. “What are you trying to say?”
Cullen strode closer, talking as he walked. “Love isn’t perfect, Jack. It takes work. A lot of damn work. But the payoff is worth it, trust me. So you have a couple hurdles to overcome here.” His glance slid to Jerry, who stood behind them, pretending not to listen to the conversation. “You’ll overcome them, if you both want to.”
Silence hung in the air for several heartbeats. Then he muttered, “I have no idea what she wants. We’ve never talked about it.” He squeezed his fists, gritted his teeth, and forced himself to admit that his partner was probably right.
Cullen rolled his eyes heavenward. “So, can we quit with the chick flick bullshit now and go save her?”
Jack grabbed Jerry’s arm with one hand while pulling his phone out of his pocket with the other. “You got it,” he assured his partner, while he checked in to make sure help was on the way.


CHAPTER FOURTEEN


Despite what the crazy woman said about taking her on a trip after retrieving Shannon’s favorite necklace, Kennedy was quite convinced that her death was imminent if she did not figure out a way to escape—sooner rather than later. And she was in no hurry to die.
Which meant she had to escape.
 Reality: she was being held prisoner by a woman who was known to have killed at least a dozen men who were probably twice her size and strength. Fantasy: Jack would come bursting through the hotel room door any moment to rescue her. Might as well imagine him doing so on a white horse, while she was at it.
Time to make a plan.
Her window of opportunity, she determined, would be very small. The woman would have to untie her bindings in order to move Kennedy from the hotel room to the car. It would not be necessary to take off the gag, so screaming for help was out of the question. Kennedy would have to make a run for it. It was her only option.
“Time to go, Shannon,” her captor said cheerfully when she stepped back into the motel room and closed the door. “We should take a bathroom break first.”
Perhaps there was a window in the bathroom.
There wasn’t. Not only that, but the woman had only untied her legs, making it exceedingly difficult to wipe and then wash her hands after she took care of business. Escaping was going to be near impossible. Still, she had to try. Her other option was death.
She had to talk to Jack first. One more time. She needed to set the record straight about her divorce, or lack thereof. She wanted him to know, to understand, that she’d simply been naïve and shell-shocked over the demise of her marriage.
 She needed to explain all of this to Jack, so that he understood she loved him, not Jerry. That she wanted to be with him, not Jerry. Even if he did not reciprocate her feelings, it was suddenly exceedingly important to her that Jack know that she’d fallen in love with him.
He was the perfect man. Had it only been six weeks ago that she and Sabrina had discussed this very subject? Six weeks ago she didn’t believe the perfect man existed. Now she was afraid she would never see him again.
Her opportunity for escape came a short time later. 
It was raining. A steady downpour. At least there wasn’t lightning. When she made her run for it, hopefully the rain and darkness would make it difficult for her captor to chase after her. The woman was at least twenty years older than her, maybe more. Surely she could outrun a retiree. 
“All set?” she asked cheerfully when Kennedy stepped away from the sink, with her hands dripping water because she could not reach the towel with them tied behind her back. Her shoulders ached from being bound for the last several hours. She tried to roll out the kinks, but it was impossible. The binding was too tight.
She nodded at her captor. The woman wrapped her hand around Kennedy’s upper arm and walked toward the door. She wore the rain slicker, the one Kennedy knew contained a knife. Kennedy wore only a pair of yoga pants, a T-shirt, and the Crocs she usually wore to work.
She braced herself, used thoughts of Jack to keep herself focused. The way he’d not subtly hit on her at Sabrina and Cullen’s wedding. How comfortable he’d appeared when he met her parents. Disengaging himself when her brother’s girlfriend wrapped herself around him like a bad mink coat. 
The way he teased her, flirted with her, made bawdy comments that nonetheless turned her on. His kisses. The feel of those lips nibbling on her ear, trailing wet kisses along her throat, down to her breasts… Okay, maybe she shouldn’t think quite so much about Jack. She was fast losing that focus she needed because her captor appeared ready to try to leave the hotel room.
And then the woman stuck her head out of the open hotel room door, her gaze scanning the parking lot, presumably for anyone who might question the fact that she was with a gagged and bound person. 
As she pulled her head back in the door, Kennedy took her chance. She used the full force of her body to give the old lady a shove. Taken off guard by the move, her abductor gave a shout and tumbled to the sidewalk, releasing Kennedy in her own bid to break her fall. Kennedy teetered but luck was on her side, and she managed to keep her feet. If she’d fallen, she would have been a goner. With her hands tied behind her back, there was no way she could have regained her footing and gotten away from her captor.
Kennedy ran. Her Crocs made squishing noises as she splashed through puddles. Her hair plastered to her head, dripped into her eyes, and she had no way to brush it out of the way. It was hard to breathe, because she had to do so only through her nose. And still she ran. Adrenaline and fear, as it turned out, were a powerful combination.
She sprinted across the parking lot, ran toward the nearest street. Darkness was broken by pools of light from street lamps and the glowing neon of business signs. There were no cars, and nothing appeared to be open. Even the nearest diner looked as if it was closed up for the night.
No wonder people kidnapped other people in the middle of the night. She had no idea where she was. Nothing looked familiar. And damn it, where was a random vehicle when you needed one? Or better yet, a patrolling police car?
She heard footsteps pounding behind her, and she tried to increase her pace. How the hell was the woman running so fast? Fear sizzled through Kennedy’s system as she realized the pursuer was gaining on her, and fast. Without the ability to use her arms or take a deep breath, she simply could not run any faster. She looked around for a means of escape and found nothing, nothing at all. 
And then she was tackled from behind. The impact sent her to her knees, a deep puddle lessening the impact as they connected with the sidewalk, before she fell face first into the muddy water.
Somebody grabbed her from behind and turned her over, which was a relief, since she’d been sucking water up her nose. She struggled to breathe with the gag still firmly secured over her mouth. It was a losing battle. She couldn’t get enough air. It was as if she were drowning, even though she wasn’t still in the water.
“Jesus, Kennedy. You look like you’re about to pass out.”
Hands fumbled with the gag, and then, blessedly, it was loosened and pulled from her mouth. She sucked in air, sputtering and coughing as she did so but still grateful that she was finally able to take in great, gulping breaths. 
When she was certain she was not about to drown anymore, she looked up at her savior.
“Jerry?” 
She looked around wildly. “Oh my God, Jerry! What are you doing here? Oh thank God. Untie me, quick. There’s a crazy woman after me. I just escaped from her and…and…” She stuttered to a stop. “What?” she asked at the odd look on his face.
“I know exactly who you were running from,” he said, almost cheerfully. “Her name is Marie Maloney. Personally, I’m impressed you were able to get away. I had no idea you were so resourceful, Kennedy.”
She gave him a suspicious look. “How do you know my captor’s name?”
Jerry sat back on his heels and grinned. “Why, because I helped her, that’s how.”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN


“How the hell did he escape?” Jack was all but shouting into his phone, and Cullen prodded him with his elbow to warn him to quiet it down. “You’re an incompetent ass, Rich,” he snarled, and then he disconnected.
“Jerry?” he guessed.
“Yeah. I’m writing Rich’s ass up when we get back to the office. What a fucking moron.”
“It doesn’t matter,” he said dismissively. “We have the necklace, and we know where Marie and Kennedy are located. We’ll track Jerry down later. It’ll be easy. Just check all the local casinos. In the meantime, let’s focus on saving your woman.”
Jack liked the way that sounded. His woman. He hoped to hell he had a chance to call her that when this was over. He suspected she would find it amusing.
But first, he had to find her, had to make sure she was still alive.
They found the motel where Terrance figured out the cell signal was coming from. They talked to the clerk on duty at the front desk, showing him several pictures of Marie Maloney, her hair different in each one, to allow for the variety of wigs they now knew she possessed. He pointed out the picture of Marie in a dark, curly wig.
 “Yeah, that lady’s here. Checked into room five twelve. Why? She do something wrong? She’s a nice old lady,” the clerk added. 
He was probably in his twenties, a scrawny guy whose gaze strayed to his phone approximately every five seconds during the brief conversation. Cullen finally snatched the phone and turned it off, but not before Jack saw the screen and deduced that the clerk had been having a very X-rated text conversation with a girl named Veronica. No wonder he hadn’t been able to keep his eyes off the phone.
 Nice old lady. What would this kid think if he pointed out that the nice old lady had likely killed at least a dozen people in her lifetime?
“She lost something,” he said smoothly instead. “We need to give it back to her.”
 “Damn. Must be pretty important if it takes the feds to get it back to her.”
 “Real important,” he assured the clerk, flashing a grin. “Now, can I have a master key?”
Even low rent places that were barely on the map had enough technology to use key cards instead of regular keys these days, Jack thought as the kid punched a few keys on his computer keyboard and then held a plastic card next to a machine on the counter. The machine sucked the card in and a moment later spit it back out again.
“Here you go.” He slid the key across the counter. “You need me to do anything? Call her and let her know you’re coming?”
“That’s the last thing we want you to go,” Cullen growled, and the poor kid shrank back into himself. With a disgusted look on his face, Cullen pushed the phone across the counter. “Get back to your sexting and stay out of this,” he snapped. Jack was already at the door. 	
They found room five twelve, and both men crouched in the shadows of a stairwell, across the parking lot from the room. An SUV was backed up to the curb directly in front of the door. A light was on in the motel room, but so far there was no sign of activity.
“Shouldn’t she be leaving by now, if she’s planning to meet us?” he whispered. “The designated meeting time is less than ten minutes from now.”
“Eleven o’clock,” Cullen whispered harshly, and leaned back so that he was more deeply hidden in the shadows.
Jack turned his head slightly to the left, per his partner’s instruction, and watched a lone figure huddled in a silver rain slicker walk around the side of the building and head down the sidewalk in front of the motel. The figure paused and pulled out a key card, opened the door, and stepped into room five twelve. Jack and Cullen both let out a collective breath when the door closed again.
“Did you see anything?” Cullen asked.
“Nothing. What do you think she was doing? Scoping out the area, to make sure no one was watching?”
“Maybe. We have to assume Kennedy’s inside that room.”
“Let’s get closer,” he suggested. “Maloney should be leaving any minute now. With luck, she’ll leave Kennedy here. Otherwise, we take our perp down while she’s trying to transfer Kennedy into the vehicle.”
Before they could step out of the shadows, however, Marie exited the room again and hurried to the SUV. She climbed into the driver’s seat and slammed on the gas, tearing out of the parking lot.
“Call it in,” Jack commanded as he skirted around the building and headed toward the motel room she’d just vacated. “Get a tail on her, but tell them not to move in until we verify Kennedy’s in this room. Fuck,” he added quietly. “Please still be alive, baby.” Fear spurred him to move faster, and then he gave up all pretense and sprinted across the wet parking lot.
 Empty. 
Out of shear frustration, he kicked at the chair that still had ropes tied to the legs, indicating someone—probably Kennedy—had been seated there recently, clearly against their will. The chair slammed against the nearest wall, splintering and crumbling to the floor in a broken heap. 
Cullen had his phone to his ear the entire time. “We still have her,” he relayed to Jack, who was busy canvasing the motel room for clues as to Kennedy’s whereabouts. At least there wasn’t any blood. That said something—he hoped.
“Oh shit,” Cullen swore, and he whipped his head around to stare intently at his partner. “We have a situation,” he said grimly.
Jack didn’t say a word. He simply waited.
“There’s a standoff. About a mile from here.” His face grew grimmer yet. “It’s Jerry. He has Kennedy. And he’s offering to trade her for money he says the Maloney woman owes him.”

***
Kennedy stood near a gas station that was closed for the night, but the overhead lights still illuminated the scene, making it easy for her to see that Jerry was quite literally quaking in his running shoes.
“If you’re so scared, why don’t you just run away?” she suggested.
“I’m not scared,” Jerry snapped. “Not of some old woman.”
Kennedy snorted.
“Okay, maybe a little. She’s killed a lot of people, did you know that? And the feds think she’s batshit crazy. So yeah, maybe I am a little scared of her. But not nearly as scared as I am of the people I owe a lot of money to.”
Kennedy shook her head. After growing irritated with her for being almost completely helpless, he had pulled a gun from under his rain slicker and waved it under her nose, muttering an ominous warning, before he finally untied her arms. 
“Where did you get a gun?” 
“From the stupid FBI agent who made the mistake of turning his back on me,” he sneered.
“Jack? Cullen?”
Jerry looked aghast at that suggestion. “Hell no. Those two scare the crap out of me. I’d never try to take a gun from either one of them, even if his back were turned.”
“And here I was convinced you quite literally did not have a brain.”
Jerry smirked. “You aren’t funny. And if you keep it up, I just might use this gun.”
 She had little doubt he would use it. He probably wouldn’t kill her—whatever else he was, she did not think he had it in him to murder someone—but he might shoot her in the leg or arm, and she needed all her limbs if she intended to survive this situation.
She didn’t bother to scream for help, either. They were in a retail business district located next to the almost completely deserted freeway. At this time of night, there wasn’t another person around, probably for miles. They were most definitely not in the city.
“You haven’t changed at all, have you?” she asked. “You’re still addicted. You’re still letting the habit control you.”
“No I’m not,” he insisted. “I spent a little too much last time, that’s all. I just need to pay off this guy I borrowed some money from, and then I’ll be good. I can start over. My luck’s going to change, you’ll see.”
“Your luck is never going to change. You need help, Jerry.”
“You always were so damn high and mighty about my pastime,” he sneered. “Probably because you don’t have any pastimes. All you do is work, all the damn time. Don’t you get sick of it? Don’t you want to cut loose sometimes?”
She’d cut loose plenty of times with Jack over the course of the last week and a half, and that one time in the limo at Cullen and Sabrina’s wedding. She’d relaxed with him, too, hanging out at the house, enjoying a mutual day off together, doing nothing of significant consequence. Which had been perfect, at least to her.
“I think our versions of cutting loose are very different.” 
He abruptly changed the subject. “Why’d you tell everyone I cheated on you?”
She turned away from his inquiring gaze. Even though it was Jerry–the very reason for her lie–Kennedy still hated that someone had figured it out.
 “Seriously. You didn’t really think I did, did you? You had to know I would never cheat on you, Kennedy.”
“You wouldn’t cheat on me, but it was okay to steal from me?”
“I didn’t steal from you. We were married. Community property and all that.”
“That’s bullshit and you know it, Jerry.”
“I was going to pay you back. I just needed to pay off this guy I borrowed money from when I lost at the tables.”
“It’s been three years. I haven’t seen a dime. And now you’re going to hand me over to a killer to pay off yet another gambling debt. You never learn. You’re a worthless human being, Jerry. I was such an idiot to fall for your song and dance, to not see it when you started having problems. You want to know why I told everyone you cheated? Because cheating is something people recognize and accept that the other party never realized was happening. But a gambling addiction? You stealing everything I ever had of value? I couldn’t live with the shame. It was easier to pretend you were an asshole cheating husband than a loser gambling addict.”
“Damn, you sure have become heartless and cruel,” he replied, completely nonplussed. 
Jerry didn’t get it. And he never would. Because he was such a clueless idiot, Kennedy was probably going to die. The thought was infuriating, and she was about to lash out again, give him a serious piece of her mind, when he shushed her.
He jerked on her arm, pulling her around the side of a nearby dumpster. “There she is,” he whispered.
Dual lights flashed across the parking lot as an SUV pulled off the road and began driving toward them, very slowly. The vehicle stopped with the lights trained on their hiding place.
“Turn off the lights!” Jerry called.
The person in the SUV must have had the window rolled down, because a moment later, the lights went dark.
“I have the necklace,” Jerry shouted. “And I have Shannon. If you want them, you need to give me my money!”
Kennedy leaned out from behind the dumpster and watched as her captor—Marie, Jerry said was her name—slowly climbed out of the SUV. She held a bulky five-by-seven inch manila envelope in one hand, and she wore the silver rain slicker, which Kennedy was certain still had a knife tucked into the pocket. Jerry, however, had a gun, which, in the real world trumped the knife, unless he made the mistake of letting the wielder get too close.
Marie took a few tentative steps away from the SUV. It rumbled quietly behind her. She had not turned off the engine, which meant she intended to make a fast getaway. 
“Jerry,” Kennedy hissed. “Don’t do this. She’ll kill us both.”
“Shut the hell up or I’ll put the gag back on,” he snapped in a harsh whisper. More loudly, he called out, “Throw it down on the ground.”
He grabbed her arm and stepped into view, dragging her along with him. She gave a cry when he tugged on her aching shoulder.
“As far as you can toss it,” he added.
Marie did as he asked, and then stood there, not moving, as Jerry inched closer to the envelope, with Kennedy trailing behind him. He snatched up the sopping wet package and started to straighten, and then someone shouted, “Freeze!”
“Fuck!”
Kennedy was pretty sure she recognized the voice behind that curse. Her heart swelled with sudden hope. 
“You don’t even have a gun, Rich, you moron,” she heard someone growl from off to her left, near the gas station building, and she knew without a doubt that it was Jack.
He was here!
After that, everything happened at the same time.
“My necklace!” Marie screeched, lunging at Jerry and Kennedy, the long, thin knife in her hand.
Jerry dropped the gun and ran, leaving Kennedy standing in the line of attack. She heard someone shout, “No!” as Marie came at her with the knife held high.
But she did not slash it down at Kennedy. She pulled back at the last minute and grabbed Kennedy instead, patting her body, looking for something.
“Where is it?” she demanded.
She must be talking about the necklace. “I don’t know,” she said.
“Where is it?” Marie cried out, asking the parking lot in general.
“I have it,” Jack said, and suddenly he stepped out of the shadows and into a pool of yellow light cast by a nearby lamppost. His blond hair was plastered to his forehead, his dark blue FBI rain slicker was soaked through, and the look in his eyes was intense. He lifted his arm in the air and Kennedy could just make out the thin chain dangling from his fingers. 
“Shannon’s necklace,” Marie breathed, her gaze glued to the object. Her reverence lasted barely a moment, however, before she grabbed Kennedy and whirled her around to face Jack. Marie wrapped one arm around Kennedy’s chest and held the knife in front of her. Kennedy saw the fear skitter across Jack’s face. Was it fear for her safety as an innocent victim, as he would fear for any stranger who happened to be in the same situation—or because he cared? 
“Let her go, Marie,” Jack said, his voice shaking a little. “She has nothing to do with this. This is between you and me.”
“She has everything to do with this,” Marie shouted as she gave Kennedy a shake. “She’s a married woman, whoring herself out to a stripper!”
Jack shook his head. “You know I’m not a stripper, Marie. I’m FBI. I was undercover, trying to figure out who was killing the other strippers.”
“You figured it out?”
“Yeah,” Jack said with a nod. “And I think I know why, too. He used you, didn’t he? You thought he loved you, but he was just looking for a good time. And then when you ended up pregnant, he turned his back on you, didn’t he?”
Kennedy could feel the woman shaking behind her. What was Jack talking about? How did he know all this? Was it true?
“And then you thought Shannon was making the same mistake, with Danny. History repeating itself, especially when she told you she was pregnant.”
She heard the sharp intake of breath behind her. Jack seemed to be inching closer, but she wasn’t sure if Marie noticed, since she wasn’t adjusting her stance at all.
“But it was different with Shannon and Danny,” he continued, his voice pitched low, soothing. “He really did love her. He was heartbroken when she died. He wanted to marry her, to raise their baby together. He even told her he’d give up the stripper lifestyle for her. Did you know that, Marie?”
“No,” Marie whispered, the word torn from her as if it physically hurt.
“You could have been a grandmother. And your son-in-law would have been someone you could be proud of. He wasn’t your lover, Marie. He was different. We aren’t all the same.”
Another no, this one barely audible.
“Most of us are like Danny. We care. We love. We want to make a go at it. We aren’t just in it for a good time.”
Was it her imagination, or was Jack staring at her as he said those words?
“Stop,” Marie whimpered.
“Let her go,” Jack encouraged. “Don’t do to her what happened to Shannon. Let her have the chance to make it right.”
“Shannon,” Marie whimpered, her voice full of tears.
Jack reached out his arm. The necklace hung from his fingers, swaying gently. He was almost close enough that Kennedy could touch him. She held her breath.
“Here’s her necklace, Marie. For you.”
“Shannon.” Marie was openly crying now. “Shannon. My baby.” She released Kennedy and reached for the necklace. As she wrapped her hand around the chain, Jack reached for her.
“No!” she shouted, and she jerked the necklace as she slashed out with the knife.
“Jack!” Kennedy screamed as he tried to dodge the swing. He turned to the side and lifted his arm to deflect the blow, and the razor sharp knife sliced through flesh and tendon, to the bone.
“Jack!” She slammed her shoulder into Marie before dropping to the ground next to where Jack collapsed. She was vaguely aware of a swarm of activity happening all around her, but her focus was on him and the blood pouring from his arm. She grabbed the hem of her shirt, intending to pull it over her head so she could use it as a tourniquet to stem the flow of blood.
Jack blinked at her through hazy eyes. “Are you stripping for me?” he asked, his speech slurred.
“I’m saving your life,” she snapped back, as a hand clamped down on her shoulder. She looked up and saw Cullen standing there, offering her a towel.
“How about using this instead? There’s a paramedic less than four minutes away. Can you keep him with us until they arrive?”
“Yes,” she said with grim determination in her voice, and she set about doing just that.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Unfortunately, Marie’s knife sliced through Jack’s shooting arm. He was going to need a great deal of physical therapy before he would be allowed to resume his duties as a field agent. The thought of parking his ass behind a desk for the next few months would have pissed him off royally, if the pain drugs he’d been given weren’t so damn strong.
For a week after the incident, he pretty much lay sprawled on the couch in his living room, watching mindless television and allowing his various friends and family to take care of him. Sabrina, his mother, his sister, even Cullen’s sister and sister-in-law stopped by on a rotating basis, to make sure he was fed and bathed and not in too much pain. 
Cullen kept him apprised of the resolution of the case—Marie was locked up in a mental institution and Danny hadn’t missed a beat, resuming his show in Biloxi, although, according to Cullen, he was keeping time with one of the bartenders from the club hosting the show in that city. Danny had even extended the show for an additional week because of it.
Marie confessed to killing Shannon’s birth father, Shannon, and the dancers in Danny’s revue. They fully expected her to be deemed unfit to stand trial, but Jack was fine with that, so long as she remained locked up and kept away from the general public, for the rest of her life.
Vanessa’s husband showed up the day after Jack was shot, and much to everyone’s surprise, he demanded that his wife come home with him. It seems his mysterious time away was devoted to planning a surprise birthday trip to Milan. While she thought her husband was cheating on her, Mac was really only trying to please her.
Through the haze of pain and between visitors, Jack couldn’t get Kennedy out of his head. Cullen and even Sabrina urged him to call her, but he didn’t. He was still too fucked up in the head, and if he couldn’t even figure out how to handle this…this thing between them, how could he expect her to?
It was hard, though. He hated sleeping alone, hated not talking to her, was even coming to hate his own home. It wasn’t nearly as cozy, as comfortable as Kennedy’s. No one else’s food tasted as good as the meals he’d shared with her. He wanted her to be the one to change his bandages, help him bathe. It was damned embarrassing to ask for help from anyone else, but he had a feeling he’d thoroughly enjoy it if Kennedy bathed him.
Except every time he was ready to give in and call, he couldn’t get around Jerry, and the fact that they were still married. Why had she handled the divorce–or lack thereof–the way she had? Why had she told everyone he cheated on her, when Jerry insisted he hadn’t?
Assuming she was even willing to give a relationship with him a chance, how could they make it work? He had no history with commitment and a major hang up about married women. She had been burned badly and then lied about the circumstances. Two clearly broken individuals with some serious cards stacked against them. 
By the end of the week, he decided that his partner had been right, and he didn’t give a rat’s ass about that other bullshit, because when it came down to it, what was in their hearts was really what mattered. He loved Kennedy, and if she loved him back, well, they could figure out all the other crap. Somehow, some way, they would make it work.
This wasn’t a revelation he wanted to share over the phone, though, so he had to wait until he was cleared to drive, so that he could talk to her in person. Unfortunately, his doctor was being stingy with those orders. He was at the point where he was willing to call his partner, to endear Cullen’s teasing, if he would only give him a lift to Kennedy’s house. Hell, he only had to drop him off. Jack figured he wouldn’t leave again until he was released to go back to work. And then it would only be a temporary leave. He had every intention of moving in with the woman. He just had to convince her to keep him.
Lucky for him, he didn’t have to call his partner and potentially embarrass himself, because she came to him. 

***
For a week, Kennedy stayed away from Jack. She had a few things of her own to get into order, for one thing. She assumed he needed a little space, for another. The wound he’d gotten in the line of duty—trying to protect her, Cullen explained—had been serious. If she had not reacted so instantaneously to stem the flow of blood, he very well might have died. The thought kept her up at night, and when she did fall asleep, it caused terrible nightmares that had her waking, shouting his name. If she was that shaken by the incident, she figured he was ten times worse.
And truthfully, she was a little afraid. Afraid that he wouldn’t see her in the first place. Afraid that the fact she was still married to Jerry would deter him from acknowledging what Kennedy felt: that they should be together.
After a week, though, she could take no more. She had to know. And she still had to tell him her version of the events surrounding her lack of divorce.
So she stood on the front porch of Jack’s house on a sunny Friday afternoon, smoothing the front of her peach-colored sundress as she waited for him to answer the doorbell. She heard a shouted, “Come in,” and she twisted the knob and stepped into the cool, dim interior of Jack’s home.
He was sprawled on the couch, his arm bandaged to his side to keep movement to a minimum while the tendons and skin healed. He had a bottle of beer in one hand and the television remote in the other. His chest was bare, save for the bandage, and he wore a pair of black running pants. His hair was uncombed, his face covered with a week’s worth of stubble.
Her insides warmed with affection and attraction. 
He looked up and blinked rapidly. “Hey.”
She stepped tentatively into the room. “Did you know the New Orleans Regional Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation made a hefty donation to the children’s wing of the hospital where I work?” she asked by way of greeting.
He shrugged.
“You made a lot of tips,” she said, guessing that was where the donation came from. Yet another item to add to the seemingly never-ending list of reasons she did not want to let this man go.
“Trust me, I’m happier as an agent. That lifestyle’s not for me.” He lifted the bottle to his lips, took a swig.
“Should you be drinking?” she asked, instead of the hundred other things she wanted to say.
Jack looked down at the bottle in his hand. “You tell me. You’re the nurse.”
“It depends on the pain medicine,” she said. “What it is and how much you’re taking.”
“I’m not taking any right now. It made me feel loopy. I don’t like not being in control.”
Kennedy smiled. “I can see that about you.”
There was an awkward silence.
“So, how’ve you been?” he asked, obviously trying to sound casual and nonchalant.
Kennedy ran a hand through her hair. “I haven’t been sleeping well,” she admitted.
“Oh? Why not?”
She blew out a sigh. “Jack, I need to explain.”
“Explain what?”
“My divorce. Or lack thereof. I had no idea I—” 
He cut her off. “I know. I was pretty pissed off at first, but I get it now.”
“Oh.” She didn’t know what to say to that. Did that mean he forgave her? Did that mean he was interested in…something between them? His heartfelt words, when he’d been coaxing Marie to let her go, had been the one bright light in the nightmares that have plagued her sleep. But had he only been saying those words, because that’s what FBI agents were trained to do in that type of situation? 
“I think I’ve figured most of it out. Everything except the cheating part. Why did you tell everyone he cheated on you?”
She shifted her gaze to the sliding glass door, where vertical blinds were pulled closed, blocking the sunlight from pouring into the room. Then she stiffened her resolve. If she was going to do this, she had to be completely honest. Otherwise, what was the point?
“I was embarrassed. I had no idea he had a gambling addiction. I felt like such a fool afterward. He stole literally everything I had. Took cash advances on all my credit cards. Then, when I served him with divorce papers, he came to the house when I was at work and took everything of value I had there, too. I struggled on the edge of bankruptcy for years. It’s only been in the last few months that I’ve finally begun to feel … normal again.”
“I never should have hit on you at Cullen’s wedding.” He looked genuinely sorry. 
Her throat constricted. She lifted a hand to her neck, curled her fingers over the bodice of her dress. He didn’t really mean that. He couldn’t. She was absolutely certain she could not live without this man in her life. 
 “No, please don’t say that. That was…I don’t regret what happened between us, Jack. I’m… I’m glad. You helped me. Like the last step in the healing process.” She stood stock-still, afraid to move, afraid to hear his response and yet desperate for it. He let the silence stretch on until she fidgeted, wringing her hands in a nervous motion that normally annoyed her when someone else did it.
After a few moments of increasingly uncomfortable silence, Jack commented, “I checked out your…Jerry. Through the system, at work.”
She didn’t say anything, just looked at him.
“He’s in for a lot of money at one of the local casinos. A hell of a lot. A dangerous amount. And he’s overdue to pay it back. As it happens, I know the boss who runs that particular casino. You could say we’re…business acquaintances.”
“Are you suggesting you could get Jerry’s debt waived?”
“No. I’m suggesting that I could postpone the inevitable. Long enough for him to receive divorce papers, and sign them this time.”
Kennedy stared at him, too shocked to speak. Was he suggesting...?
Finally, Jack asked, “Want to sit down?” He struggled to sit up, no small feat with one arm taped to his side.
“Oh no, don’t do that,” she said as she rushed over to help. But instead of pulling him into a seated position, she pushed him down onto his back.
“Stay there,” she insisted. “I don’t want you to hurt yourself.”
“I’d say it’s a little late for that,” he grumbled. “But I’ll stay like this if you lay down with me.”
“Huh?”
He grinned slyly. “And take this beer and remote and put them on the coffee table. Please?”
She obediently did as he asked but remained standing next to the couch, unsure of how to read his signals. Was he simply being polite? Was he still sorry they hooked up in the first place? And what was that comment about her ex-husband?
“Are you going to lay down or what?”
“I…I’m not sure. Why do you want me to lie down?”
Jack reached out with his good arm and cupped the back of one of her knees. “Because I’m hoping one thing will lead to another and I might finally get laid again. It’s been forever, or at least that’s what it feels like.”
“You want —?” She let out a little squeal as he gave her knee a hard pull, causing her to tumble onto the couch on top of him. She twisted her body to avoid landing on his bad arm, and after a moment’s disorientation, she finally managed to situate herself, lying on her stomach on top of him. She could feel his erection already pressing into her belly.
“You,” he said as he twisted the hand of his good arm into her hair. “I want you. Any way I can get you. Every way I can get you.” He pulled her head down and captured her lips, kissing her with all the passion of a man who hadn’t had the pleasure in too many long weeks. 
Kennedy gasped when he finally broke the kiss. “But what about Jerry?”
Jack scowled. “What about him?”
“We’re still married.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you’ve figured out by now that I’m not so crazy about that part of the deal. So I assume you’re going to ensure the papers get signed this time?”
“Oh.”
“You’re not saying it breathy enough. I think I need to be inside you.” 
“Oh, Jack.” This time, it was a sigh.
“Kennedy?” 
“Mmm?” She bent her head and kissed his neck, trailing wet kisses down to his chest.
“Do you love me?”
She froze, and then very slowly, lifted her head to stare into his eyes. “Do you love me?”
“I asked you first.”
She sighed. “I’m afraid I do.”
Jack laughed. “Afraid you do?”
She nodded solemnly. “As I recall, you told me once that you were a difficult man to live with, and I assume that means you are also a difficult man to love. But I’m afraid I don’t have a choice.”
“Why do you think you don’t have a choice?”
“Right before her wedding, Sabrina and I discussed what attributes would make up the perfect man. I recently realized that I’d described you, and at the time, I hadn’t even formally met you yet.”
He stared at her, his mouth slightly open, his face registering shock. After a few moments, he shook his head, as if to clear it. “Damn, I love you.”
“Oh, Jack…”
Having apparently decided they were done talking, he twisted his hand more tightly into her hair and pulled her head down for another kiss. Which led to other, more physical activities, which led to the breathy “oh’s” he liked so much, and eventually, to Kennedy screaming his name. 
He informed her that he really liked that. A lot. In fact, he reiterated, he loved it.


The End



Keep reading for a sneak peek at the next book in the Tough Love series, Undercover Heat…

UNDERCOVER HEAT 
Tough Love Book 2


A year ago, agent Kyra Sanders almost closed the case of her career—almost, but not quite. Her boyfriend and colleague ended up cheating on her with the perp she was chasing, blowing the case and ruining Kyra's belief in happily ever after. When she's given a second chance to catch this crook, she's determined not to let anything interfere.

Quinn Daniels is an FBI agent with a hell of a skeleton in his closet: his father was a career criminal. Locked up in federal prison, he still manages to torment Quinn, never letting him forget that he failed as a son and a human being. Hard-drinking, hard-talking Quinn vows to stay on the straight and narrow.

But when Kyra and Quinn are assigned to go undercover as a married couple, trouble—and desire—flares. Opposites may attract, but can they keep the heat between them undercover long enough to close their case?


CHAPTER ONE


“A toast!”
“Another one?”
“Shut up, Baxter. If I want to toast all damn night, I will.”
“If you do, you won’t have nearly as much luck in your personal life as you had at work this past week,” Baxter called out from the small crowd gathered around him.
“Good point.” But Quinn lifted the shot glass anyway. “To all the women I’ve never loved but have slept with anyway. May one of you be willing to try again tonight.”
Laughter preceded a chorus of “hear, hear,” before the small group of federal agents lifted their glasses and drank deeply. Quinn tossed back the shot in his hand. And called for another.
“You aren’t even going to be able to walk, let alone hook up with a woman tonight, Daniels,” someone quipped. The dark, cozy pub was a block from the Federal Bureau of Investigation’s Detroit field office and was a favorite after-work hangout.
“I have a better chance than you, Jones.”
The laughter was even louder at that one. 
“Another toast,” Quinn Daniels called. Before he could lift his glass, however, the door to the pub opened and the dim light from the street lamps spilled into the room. A tall, lean blond woman stepped inside. She wore a gray pinstriped pantsuit, and her hair was pulled back into a ponytail. On her face was the barest hint of makeup and a frown.
“Kyra Sanders!” Quinn called out as the woman paused just inside the door, probably waiting for her eyes to adjust to the dark atmosphere. “A toast to Sanders,” he said. He lifted his shot glass. His cronies all did the same and looked at him expectantly.
Kyra narrowed her eyes and watched him, but did not say a word.
“To the agent with the longest-standing open case in the Detroit office. Hear, hear!”
“Hear, hear!”
“To Kyra!” 
Another round of cheers. Another round of drinks. She stood by the door, enduring it for a moment before she strode past him, walking on sensible yet not unsexy heels, and bellied up to the bar. She ordered a beer while he stumbled over to stand next to her, swaying slightly on his feet. He figured he was about three sheets to the wind, heading toward four. 
Quinn generally kept his personal life—or lack thereof—and his professional life strictly separate. But when a hot blond started working in his office, it was hard to ignore her. Kyra had transferred to the Detroit office some six months prior and thus far had hardly said half a dozen words to him—or any of the other male agents, so far as he could tell.
She was different from the women he normally hit on. More introverted, more—shy. Which, in truth, pissed him off that he was even attracted to her, because those were qualities his mother had, and he had a strict rule to avoid all women who even remotely had anything in common with his late mother.
“A beer? Don’t you want to do a shot with me?” he asked, leering at the chest tucked away behind her standard business suit. No sexy lace, no hint of cleavage for him to ogle. 
“I’m good, thanks.”
“That accent of yours sure is sexy.” Had he realized how alluring a drawl could be, he might have considered taking a position in one of the southern offices when he was first starting out with the feds. 
“It’s not an accent. Now go away, Quinn. I’m not interested.” 
“I’ve heard you aren’t interested in anyone. How come? Don’t swing this way? You and Raquel are best buds, but I know she swings this way, considering she hasn’t stopped smiling since she hooked up with that civilian.”
“Jorge. Her husband’s name is Jorge.”
“What? She up and married that guy?”
Kyra shook her head. “They’ve been married for five years. I’ve been in this office less than six months and even I know that.”
He shrugged. “I don’t give a rat’s ass what everyone else does when they aren’t on the clock.”
She paid for her beer and took a sip before giving him a mock salute with the bottle. “See you around, Quinn.” She moved away from the bar in the opposite direction of where he had been gathered with his cronies. When she slipped into a booth, he sat on the bench opposite her.
Even in his drunken state he recognized a strange attraction to Kyra Sanders, one that was different from the standard desire to sleep with a woman simply because she had tits and nice legs. Actually, it was only when he was sloshed that he was willing to admit to the allure. When he was sober, he stayed the hell away from her. 
Tonight, Quinn was trashed. So instead of heading back to the other agents, he followed Kyra. “Where are you going? The party’s over there. We’re celebrating.”
She sighed. “I know you are thrilled to have finally closed that kidnapping case. I’m glad for you. But I’m not really in the mood to be sociable.”
“Why? Because your case is still open? Come on, Sanders. We’re all friends here.”
“I just want to drink my beer alone and in peace, Quinn.”
“Why’d you come to a bar, then?” he slurred. “Hard to be alone in a place like this. In fact, people come here for the express purpose of not being alone.”
“Good point.” She pushed away the barely touched beer and slid out of the booth. “Good night. I’m out of here.” 
He snagged her arm before she could slip away. “Why don’t you take me home tonight?” he suggested. “I’ll make sure you wake up alone.” Shit, he really was wasted. Did he just proposition her? Quinn wasn’t at all above taking random women home from bars—in fact, that was his preferred modus operandi—but Kyra Sanders was not that type of woman. Which was one of a dozen reasons he stayed the hell away from her—again, when he was sober. 
“You’re a real sleaze, you know that, Quinn?”
He shrugged. “Beats the alternative.”
A peculiar look crawled across her face before she shook her head and it disappeared. “Find someone else,” she suggested as she shook off his hand. “You aren’t my type.”
She brushed him off and took a step away. Quinn grabbed her arm again. When she lifted that cool blue gaze to his face, he saw trepidation there. He dropped his hand.
“You’ll close your case, Sanders. You’re a good agent. Definitely better than this perp you’ve been chasing.”
Her eyes flared, the apprehension shifting to surprise. He wasn’t one to dole out compliments. Hell, he wasn’t one to talk to her at all. They’d been working out of the same office, their desks a dozen feet apart, for six months, and he hadn’t done anything beyond the obligatory handshake on her first day, when his boss, Nico, walked her around and introduced her to the other field agents. 
“Thanks,” she said, and then she left the bar before he could figure out a way to stop her. 

***
Unlike his promise to Kyra, he wasn’t alone when he woke up the next morning. It was okay, though, because the bed partner was his stand-by fuck buddy, Phoebe Manard. Quinn cracked one eye and waited for it to focus on the shape of the sleeping woman. A mass of dark waves splashed across the pillow. Her big, dark eyes were closed at the moment, and her red, sensual lips were pursed in sleep. One naked breast was revealed by the blanket that had slipped off at some point in the night.
He rolled away from her and muttered a few choice oaths as he struggled out of the bed. It took him a minute to comprehend that he was naked, too. Unabashedly he walked through the room to the bathroom, then pissed without closing the door. He swallowed a handful of pain pills to combat the pounding headache and returned to the bedroom.
Phoebe was awake, lying in the bed, her head propped in her hand. The sheet draped over her waist, revealing beautiful breasts that he had no idea if he’d even touched last night. 
“Morning,” she said, her voice a purr.
Quinn rubbed a hand over the stubble coating his chin and walked over to the dresser, grabbed a pair of gym pants, and pulled them over his hips. “I take it I called you at some point last night?”
She smiled as she sat up and dressed. “Apparently, your friends would not let you leave the bar on your own last night. You were too drunk, and they were afraid you would do something stupid. So you called me and I picked you up.”
“Oh. Did we…?” He couldn’t remember. It wasn’t the first time, so he figured Phoebe wouldn’t be insulted.
“Nope. You had good intentions, but you passed out before anything could happen.”
“Huh.” Phoebe was hot as hell and was almost always up for a quick fuck, but his head felt like it was about to explode, dampening any possible interest he might have in making up for last night.
“Can you give me a ride to pick up my truck?” he asked.
She looked into the mirror attached to the dresser and ran a hand through her tangled curls. “You really are an ass, you know that, Quinn? It’s a good thing I know that and have no other expectations.”
“If you don’t like the terms of our relationship, you can ignore my calls, you know.”
She tossed a saucy look over her shoulder as she headed toward the bathroom. “I didn’t say I didn’t like the terms. You’re pretty fantastic in bed, when you’re not drunk. And I have no desire whatsoever to attempt any sort of real relationship with you. I could not handle your emotional baggage. But just once, I would like you to be grateful when I rescue your ass. Just once.”
She closed the bathroom door. 
Emotional baggage. He didn’t respond to her accusation, because, frankly, she was right. He had a shit-ton of emotional baggage. He wouldn’t wish his issues on anyone.

***
He was back home, his truck securely parked in the garage, before the call came. He knew it would, eventually. He just never knew precisely when. For a brief moment, he contemplated not answering, but he was helpless to cut these ties, and so he pressed the button and accepted the charges.
“Closed your case, I see.” The voice was sandpaper rough from too many cigarettes over too many years. 
Quinn sometimes wondered if one day, this call would be of a different nature. “I have cancer. I’m dying.” How would he react to a call like that?
“Yeah, I did.” The miserable, love-starved child in him still waited for praise that never came. Never had, never would. And he hated himself a little more each time he hoped.
The man on the line snorted. “You got lucky. The bastard who took those kids was stupid. If it had been me, I would have—” And then Quinn’s father proceeded to tell him exactly how a criminal mastermind would have been able to elude the FBI for so much longer than the man who was now in prison, charged with multiple counts of federal kidnapping and human trafficking. Many parents, many kids, could sleep comfortably now, thanks to Quinn.
Not that his father would ever acknowledge such a thing.
“Are you done yet?” Quinn interrupted. “I have things to do.”
“What? Gloat about your great victory over the criminal class? You’ll never catch us all, you know that, right? Your kind is outnumbered. You’ll always be outnumbered.”
His kind. The good guys. As much as Quinn viewed the world in black and white, so too did his father. As far as he was concerned, it was the one and only thing they had in common. 
“That doesn’t mean we won’t keep trying,” he retorted, goaded, as ever, into the same futile argument he’d had with the man for these past seven years. Ever since Lawrence Daniels was finally arrested and thrown into prison.
“You’ll never win,” Larry replied.
“We beat you, didn’t we?” Quinn shot back.
“You got lucky. Everybody gets lucky sometimes.”
Luck had nothing to do with the day his father was arrested. But he knew he would never win this argument. That was about as likely as the Lions, Tigers, Pistons, and Red Wings all winning their respective championships in the same year. Never gonna happen.  
“I’ll bank on that sort of luck any time,” he said. “This chat has been enlightening, as always, but I gotta go. Enjoy your incarceration.” He disconnected before his father could come up with a suitable retort that would inevitably pull Quinn into an argument that would leave him even more emotionally drained and no less satisfied with himself, or his life.
He tossed the cell phone onto the kitchen counter and then walked over to the cabinet next to the stove, which housed his liquor assortment. He selected a half-empty bottle of Jim Beam, twisted off the cap, and lifted the bottle to his lips. Might as well start the day off right.
At least it would kill the hangover from the night before.

Want to keep reading? Head over to Tami’s website: CLICK HERE

More books by Tami Lund 

Darkheaven Rockstar series 
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Drum Me Away ~ coming soon!

Bryant Brothers Series
Racing Home
To Love & Protect
The Right Tool
Picture This

Sexy Bad Series (co-written with Misti Murphy)
Sexy Bad Neighbor
Sexy Bad Daddy
Sexy Bad Boss
Sexy Bad Escort
Sexy Bad Halloween

No Jerks on Monday (co-written with Misti Murphy)

Detroit Mafia Romance
Trapped by the Mob
Freed from the Mob
Born into the Mob
Controlled by the Mob
Return to the Mob 


Tough Love Series
Naked Truth
Undercover Heat
Delicious Deception

Baby, I’m Home

Separation Anxiety
(free read with NEWSLETTER SIGNUP)


Paranormal Romance by Tami Lund 

Taming the Dragon Series
Dragon His Heels
Hungry Like A Dragon
Dragon in Denial
Bewitching the Dragon
Let Go My Gargoyle


Lightbearer Series
First Light & Broken Light (prequels)
Into the Light
Dawning of Light
Light Beyond the Darkness
Change in the Light
Cupid’s Light


Twisted Fate Trilogy 
Of Love & Darkness
Prim and Proper Fate
Prisoner of Fate


(Blood Courtesans Vampire Series, written by multiple authors)
Resist
Eternity


Holiday Romance
Mirror, Mirror
Santa’s Destiny 


Dark Moon Falls
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Lyall
Benjamin
Anthony 


Which Witch Series
How I Fell Into Bed With A Demon
The Demon You Love

(Immortal Keeper Vampire Paranormal Romance Series, written by multiple authors)
Vampire’s Ghost


Gods of Thunder MC series
(Shared world, written by multiple authors)
Art of the Hunt

Find Tami’s books here:
Tami Lund Website

Hang out with Tami Lund and her co-author, Misti Murphy, in the Sexy Bad Lounge!

****
Tami Lund is an author, a wine drinker, an award winner, and a lover of romance. She writes happily ever afters, one book at a time. You should sign up for her newsletter for updates, sales, free reads, and a regular dose of her quirky sense of humor: http://www.subscribepage.com/Tami_Lund

Facebook  ~ Instagram ~ Website

Thank you for reading! 



