Needs of The One

Written By: Steven Sterup Jr.
Copyright 2019 Steven Sterup Jr.

Legal Disclaimer - This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events, and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.



Table of Contents
Introduction
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10

Introduction
This book deals with some ideas which might turn a few people off. But, if you give Ben a chance, you’ll see that it’s not his fault. And I think he handles his problem a lot better than most. I guess you could say that he is being manipulated. You’ll understand how and why by the end of the book. The forbidden path he struggles with has a reason and a goal behind it, though he can’t see the forest for the trees.
Just remember. Sometimes people lie to hurt us. Other times, the people we love lie to protect us from things we’re unable to deal with.

Chapter 1
My name is Ben Lynd, and it happened on my nineteenth birthday. And yes, I know what you’re thinking. A nineteen-year-old becomes a man and discovers he has supernatural powers then has to save the world. It sounds like every other coming of age; boy wants to be a superhero, fantasy. Hell, I’d be thinking it too. But, I’m the one telling this particular story. And my life is nothing like that.
Anyway…it all started at my nineteenth birthday party. If you could call it that.
Hours before ‘the event’ I walked out of my room in our modest farmhouse.
Yes, you heard that right. We lived on a farm. My dad died when I was sixteen. Freak accident, they said. Even the local papers had the story down as ‘Local farmer slides off road in record-setting thunderstorm.’ That’s not what happened. My dad, was drunk.
You have to understand something. I don’t hate my dad. Up until the point his stupid ass drove off a bridge, I had nothing but love for the man. I’m just angry with him. What a stupid thing to do. Trying to drive home in a rainstorm after sitting at the bar with his buddies. He was throwing em back like there’s no tomorrow. What did he think was going to happen?! Idiot!
This left my mom with a mortgage and empty fields. She’s not a farmer, I never wanted to be a farmer, and my little sister, Alex, is never going to be a farmer. Not if I have anything to do with it. She’s far too smart for that life. Me, on the other hand, I just don’t want to do it.
So, we did what we had to do, and by we, I mean mom. She sold off the machinery, rented out the fields, and then got a job at the local hardware store. Yes, I know that also sounds like every ‘Boy saves the world’ drama, but pay attention. This isn’t about saving the world. After what I've done. I don’t care about saving the world. All I care about is protecting my sister. Because it’s all my fault.
As I was saying. I walked out of my room into the kitchen slash dining room slash mom’s office, and she’s doing what she does every Wednesday night. Hell, she does this most nights. She’s doing our bills, or rather, trying to figure out how to make our small budget cover just enough so that Alex and I can have the things other kids have.
You also need to understand something else. I had just graduated from high school. I’ll admit it. I was a little self-centered and, looking back; I was a douche bag to my mom. This woman, who did everything she could to make sure Alex got a new phone for Christmas. This woman, who decided to pack her own lunch, rather than go to the café across the street with her boss for a solid year, just so that I had my own car. This kind and caring woman dared to ask me what I was doing on my birthday.
“So, what you up to tonight, honey?” she asked in a voice that sounded angelic, but to my nineteen-year-old brain, I heard it as a harpy’s screech.
“That piece of shit car you got me won’t start. I called Dan. He’s coming to pick me up. We’re going out,” I said with more contempt than that kind woman deserved.
“Take Alex with you please,” she begged, and this produced exactly the reaction you would expect from a nineteen-year-old boy.
“Mom,” I whined. “Alex is…she’s weird. Besides. I’m going out with the guys. There will be beer and horny dudes that don’t care how old she is.”
“You’ll make sure no one messes with Alex.” Then my mom proceeded to wink at me in that sly, only a mom can pull it off, kinda way.
“Fine, she can come,” I whined, yet again. “But, if she winds up as one of those party girls. Pregnant at seventeen and filing for child support because the baby-daddy ran off. I’m blaming you.”
And how did my mother respond? She stood up, walked up to me with the kindest smile I’ve ever known, and pinched my cheek.
“I’m not buying that. No boy will be allowed within ten feet of Alex. Not if they know what’s good for them,” she said then returned to her bills.
I just rolled my eyes and screamed for my seventeen-year-old little sister to hurry her ass up, or something along those lines.
You have to picture my mom. She doesn’t look like Alex and me because we’re adopted. Karen Lynd, her married name, had long, straight red hair. Technically it’s orange, but people call it red. Her freckles made her forty-year-old face look like she was twenty-nine, at most. Believe me, I’ve seen twenty-nine-year-olds that look older than my mom did. And along with her beautiful hair, smack dab in the center of her amazingly kind face, is a smile that still gets to me. And those eyes. The kindest, most sincere blue eyes. Some days I’m still in awe of how remembering that motherly face brings me such peace. Me? Peace? You’ll understand why that word is so amusing in a short while.
So, I suppose I should describe myself and Alex. I’m blonde-ish. Dirty blonde. Dishwater blonde. However you want to describe it. Pretty much, I look like I once was blonde, but then someone spilled oil on my head and couldn’t quite get all of it off. I’m average height, average build. I’m very average. Except for my eyes. My mom always said my eyes were very pretty. They’re not.
Nowadays, my eyes just remind me of what I am. No spoilers. I’ll get to that in a minute. And don’t worry. This isn’t one of those stories where you have to read all the way until the end to find out that the boy isn’t what he thought he was. I know exactly what I am. Well, at least now I do.
My eyes are grey. Almost devoid of any color. Except when I get angry, extremely happy, sad, or horny. Yeah. Pretty much any time I feel extreme emotions my eyes change color. Well, they used to. I’ve figured out how to control it now…mostly.
Mom said there must be an explanation for it. Maybe it’s a trick of the lighting, coincidence with my mood. Maybe it’s the shirt I’m wearing or maybe just the colors that surround me. She was wrong. She was so wrong.
Most humans wouldn’t notice the color change in my eyes. Even if they did, they’d come up with the same rationalizations my mother did. You heard that right. I’m not human. Not completely human.
Now for Alex. She looked like a smaller, prettier, female version of me. When we were little, everyone used to call us twins. We’re not. We’re two years apart in age. But we do have the same parents.
She keeps her hair long with the cutest bangs. This is so she can braid it or put it in a ponytail, whereas mine is trimmed short…always. I hate combing or brushing my hair. Wake up in the morning, run my hands through it, I’m ready for the day. That’s what I want. I don’t really care who likes or dislikes it. And if I did let it grow out it would probably have the same waves that Alex’s does. And since she has the same color hair that I do, I'd look like a girl. I don’t think it would look so good on me.
Alex is what most would describe as pretty. Objectively, in a brotherly kind of way, I have to admit that she is. My sister isn’t skinny, even at seventeen she wasn’t. She was, how can I say this and not sound like a creep? Well endowed? In the chest and the hip regions? Does that sound too creepy for a brother to say? And no one takes us as twins anymore. She’s far too pretty to be mistaken as my twin now.
As my sister approached sixteen, I started to notice how her body had begun to ‘grow up’. Even though she still acted like my bratty sister. The bad part was, all my friends, hell. Every boy in school noticed. Being her big brother, I couldn’t let any of those boys near her. I knew exactly what they were thinking. And they were thinking it about my sister!
And. Oh, yes. Alex has the same eye ‘problem’ that I do. I still don’t think she knows how to control it, even though I’ve tried to help her.
So, now you have a pretty good picture of me and my bratty, sweet-as-hell sister. On to the part about how I found out what my sister and I are.
And before we go much further, let me just say. I’m not some old man writing his memoirs or something. I’m twenty-four. Hardly wise and not always the brightest. But even I can look back a few years and see that my mother did not deserve the way I treated her. She never did anything but sacrifice for us, and I struggle every day to repay her, in some karmic fashion, for what she did for us.
As for our birth parents? The public record states that Christina Kresh is our birth mother. Died when Alex was six months old and I was two and a half. Christina was a drug addict who was tormented by insanity and eventually killed herself. She spent many months in a mental institution before I was born. Then she turned to illegal drugs when the prescription ones didn’t calm her psychosis. At least that’s what the police report states.
After she committed suicide, Alex and I bounced around for a while. Never staying in the same house for more than a couple months. They were not homes. They were houses. Homes are where people accept you, oddities and all. And I’m pretty sure our closeness to each other creeped people out. Or maybe it was our eyes. Who knows?
As for my birth father? I will never call that man dad. As stupid and unthinking as my dad was that fateful night when he took a nose dive off the bridge. He never did anything but love us. The drunken bridge ride was the one mistake that he could never take back. Leaving us like that still makes me angry, but, like I said, I’ll never hate my dad.
My father, on the other hand, I hate. Everything about him. Everything he is. Hate might not even be strong enough. But, on my nineteenth birthday, I met my father.

Chapter 2
As I got out of Dan’s car. Technically his dad’s pick-up. Nothing to write home about. I saw the small group of teenagers and felt the dread rising. There were too damn many boys here and not nearly enough girls.
Not that the girls who did show up weren’t pretty. Lisa looked rather nice in her pink sweat pants and matching jacket that was unzipped part way. Just far enough to see that she only had on a sports bra under it. Even her dark brown hair, that was cut just above her shoulders, was curled at the ends. She’d at least tried to dress up for my birthday.
Lisa and I used to date. And by date, I mean for two weeks we were attached at the lips. But, before it could get any more serious, she got bored. Truthfully, I was bored from the beginning. I used to think there was something wrong with me. She was very attractive. Nice sized breasts, an ass you could bounce a quarter off of but…I don’t know. Something was just off. And before you say it, no, I’m not into boys. There’s just something wrong with me and girls. But I do like girls. I understand why now, but at this time, I thought that there was something seriously wrong with me.
The image of a girl was appealing. Seeing a girl walk down the hall was exciting. It was when I was near them that it all fell apart. A feeling that I can’t quite explain was telling me that it was wrong. And this feeling was very powerful, despite how much I wanted to ignore it.
As I strode up to the bonfire to see where all the beer was being kept, Alex grabbed my hand. I told you she was weird.
I could feel her concern as soon as she touched my skin. I knew it was her before I even looked. There has always been something between Alex and I. Not exactly psychic but similar. It’s like Alex knew I was thinking about Lisa and my girl troubles, and needed to comfort me. And, of course, it worked.
I had a smile on my face before I even turned to look into her eyes. Alex and I have always been like that. Sometimes when we’re close enough, I swear I can feel her emotions, and she can feel mine. Not with certainty, but I have a general idea about what she’s feeling. Creepy, I know. She’s my sister. Imagine knowing that your sister is excited, like sexually excited. It feels really strange.
“Thanks,” I said to her sweetly. Then I proceeded back into nineteen-year-old idiocy. “Now quit acting like a child and go find your friends.”
I’m still not quite sure what caused me to say that to her. And the reaction I received told me how much I had hurt her. It wasn’t crying, but it might as well have been. I know that I sure felt like crying after that look she gave me. I’ll admit it. I’m a guy, and my sister made me feel like crying.
Alex then scurried off to her friends, never out of sight. Even when I wasn’t paying attention to her, she was always there. It’s like she couldn’t stand being away from me. I told you she’s weird. I’m also weird. I like it that she can’t be far from me. I like knowing she’s nearby. So, I guess we’re both weird.
I mingled and attempted to flirt with the few girls that had shown up. Some even gave me fake kisses for my birthday, but my heart wasn’t in it. None of them were what I wanted, though I really didn’t even know what I wanted. Not back then.
As the night went on, my intoxication level rose, as did my rudeness level to my sister. When people were breaking up the party, she once again grabbed hold of my hand. By this time, I was pretty drunk.
“Knock it off, Alex,” I told her. At least that’s what I remember. She says it was a little meaner, and knowing me, it probably was.
Can’t recall what she said in return and she won’t tell me. Still mad, I guess. But, that was when we met our father.
He stood at Dan’s pick-up, against the passenger side door. He did look a lot like me, thinking back on it. He had his hair trimmed but a little longer than mine. He apparently didn’t have the same philosophy about waking up and being ready for the world. It looked like he had spent at least twenty minutes styling it.
His suit told me that he was trouble. It was navy blue, I think that’s what they call that color. His tie black and his pants crisp and ironed, with a crease. Even his shoes looked like they would cost mom a month’s pay.
He looked very satisfied as we walked up to him. Me, the brave big brother. Behind me, the cowering little sister, grasping onto her brother’s coat sleeve.
The coat I wore, zip-up hoody, to be more precise, was just for show. Since I was a child, I noticed that the cold air didn’t quite bother me as much as it did other children. My sister was the same. So, when I was about ten, when we were first adopted by our parents. We decided that the strange adopted children in this small town, needed to act like all the others. We were silly kids, thinking our parents would ship us back or some such nonsense. So many had before them. We really didn’t understand that adoption was permanent. And little did we know how much mom had begged and prayed for two little angels like us. Angels…that word still makes me laugh.
By the way, she told us about her prayers after my dad died. There were a lot of heartfelt conversations, more like arguments, after dad died. I was a full-blooded teenage boy, angst and anger were my communication tools, and I used them to the fullest.
“Hello, Alexandra,” he said to my sister. “Benjamin,” he then addressed me. “I’ve been looking for you for a long time. I’m your father.”
Quick and to the point. He always is. No beating around the bush, no small talk. I guess, knowing why, it does make sense.
“What?” I asked in shock. My alcohol-filled brain, trying to push the haze to the side.
Alex didn’t have the same reaction. She cowered behind me even further. Trying to make her body smaller, so that this man wouldn’t see her.
Had I been paying attention, like Alex was, I probably would have noticed that Dan was missing. I might have even seen the drops of blood on my father’s shirt sleeve. Alex noticed. But, then again, Alex was always a little smarter, and just a little bit more observant than me. Who am I kidding? Alex is the type of girl that gets into college-level classes, while I’m the kid you hold back a year so I can grasp the concepts of geometry. Of course, Alex was too afraid to tell me at the time, so I just continued to bumble along.
“What do you want?” I asked after I saw his stare. The one that told me he was serious.
“I’m here to offer you guidance,” he said and took a step forward.
I stood my ground. Big mistake. And Alex, being the genius she is, tried to get me to run. She had seen the blood, the look of malice on our father’s face, but not me. Clueless me, just stood there while she tugged on my jacket sleeve.
“Why? After all these years?” I asked, and the man I call father walked closer.
By this time, Alex was nearly pulling my sleeve off.
“Alexandra. It will be fine,” he said, trying to exude a calm, caring façade. I bought it. My sister didn’t. She was always so damn perceptive. I wish I could have gotten those genes.
She took off running. But, my father, being what he is, caught her.
I still remember the sounds from that night and how badly I failed to protect my sweet little Alex. Those sounds haunt me still. I often relive this moment in my nightmares.
When I think back, I still hear my sister’s screams as he cut his hand and forced her to drink his blood. I feel shame when I remember how the screams became muffled as he held his hand over her mouth. All the while, I stood there, unable to move, doing nothing.
He did the same to me, but I barely remember it. I just keep thinking of Alex and how I had done nothing. I couldn’t save myself, but I didn't even try to save Alex. I didn’t attack him. I didn’t run for help. I didn’t even scream for him to get off of my sweet little sister. I did nothing. I did absolutely nothing! And I have to live with that.
Alex should hate me, but for some reason, she doesn’t. She tells me that I was in shock. When that doesn’t work, she tells me that I was just a child. Neither of these comfort me, but I play along and let her think that she’s cheered me up. I know the truth. I was a coward. I didn’t even try to save her. I didn’t object. Didn’t say a single word. I just stood there and watched. I hate myself for what I let father do to her. I can never repay her for the way I let her down.
I failed her that night, and I know it. I could live a thousand years and never make up for what I let happen to her. But I'll die before I let anyone else hurt her ever again.
But, enough about that. You want to know what we are. Well, up until the night of my nineteenth birthday, my sister and I were Nephilim. The children of an angel and a human woman. What are we now? After my father’s ‘talk’ we now know that we are called Asuune. An ancient word that means ascended, in a long forgotten language.
Nephilim live seemingly normal lives. They are just a little healthier than humans. Never getting sick, not really feeling the effects of temperature or weather, and we are just a little bit stronger than our human companions. But, if we are bitten by one who is already Asuune, or if we are fed the blood of an angel. Then we change, we transform into this wonderful, yet horribly powerful creature, known as an Asuune.
You’ve probably guessed it, my father is an angel, technically. But, does he sound like one of the halo-wearing, harp strumming, winged examples of perfection? No? That’s because he is one of the fallen angels. And not just any fallen angel. Our father is Dagon, one of the princes of hell, to be more precise.
After the encounter with our birth father, Alex and I ran away. We listened to our father, cowering in fear the whole time. Then he let us go, stating that he would be by to visit in the morning and share more with us. We felt we had no choice. Without even speaking to each other, we both returned home and packed our things. It was yet another one of those moments where we knew what the other was feeling.
There was no way in hell that we were going to endanger the woman who took us in and gave up everything for us. There was not a chance that we would risk putting her life in danger. And believe me, in danger is exactly where she would be if she was anywhere near us. So, we ran away.
Our father still hunts for us to this day. We barely manage to keep ahead of him most times, but, hopefully, we’re getting better at it.
My sister and I struggled with the changes, like most new Asuune do. However, we did have help. We met a nice Asuune woman a few weeks after our change. She explained everything about being Asuune and even offered to take us in. But Alex and I will not put anyone else in the kind of danger we face every day.
She seemed like a nice woman though. Her hair was a little more red than mom’s and wavy, almost curly. She was like a prettier version of mom. And by pretty, I mean in a pinup model, sort of way. She was downright gorgeous. And strangely, my boredom with women was not present when I was near her. But, I know why now. It’s because she is Asuune, like me.
I still think of that woman, voluntarily and in my dreams. What? She was hot! Her name was Sarah. Head of some big shipping company or something like that. Still, it wouldn’t be fair to get her involved in this mess.
Our father is not like other Asuune fathers. Alex and I can’t risk getting anyone else mixed up in this. Just look what happened to Dan. And all he did was give us a ride to my birthday party. By the way, they did find his body. Well, parts of it. Blamed us, the two runaways, for killing him. I guess that was my father’s insurance. Make us murders, that way we also had to run from the cops.
That gets us caught up to today. I’m twenty-four and an Asuune. I told you this wouldn’t be one of those, boy doesn’t know what he is and ends up saving the world, type of stories. I’m just trying to survive and keep my sweet little sister from becoming either a vampire or my father’s pawn. And so help me, I’ll do it or die trying.
Speaking of vampires. They are not like they are in legends and movies. In reality, they are just Asuune who have become addicted to drinking human blood. Yes, we do have fangs, but they are not large straws, like the movies would have you believe. They are more like snake fangs. And they are used for the same purpose. To inject venom. But that is where the similarities stop.
Vampires don’t burst into flames in the sunlight. No hiding from crosses and silver. And they die the same way we do, because they are us.
That doesn’t mean they are any less deadly. Imagine an extremely powerful, half-angel who would do anything to get their next fix, and their fix is your blood. How much do you think they’ll consider your life while they drain you dry? You’re just a container with their fix inside of it. Your life, your existence, doesn’t matter to them in the slightest.
This addiction to blood is something I can’t even imagine. I’m told that it is all you can think about and even if you do manage to convince yourself to quit. You’ll probably die from the withdrawals. Only a few, and by a few, I mean three in total, have survived it.
My sister tells me that she doesn’t even like the smell of blood, but I feel the pull whenever someone cuts themselves or I’m in a hospital. I really hope that she is telling me the truth. But then again, she is the sweet innocent one. I’m not.
But, enough about the past. Now you know what I am and what I've done. I don’t want forgiveness. I don’t want understanding. There is no excuse for how I failed my sister. I also don’t care about saving the world. That is someone else’s job. My main concern, my only concern, is that I do everything in my power to save her.

Chapter 3
I woke up to the sound of Alex brushing her teeth. The two-bit motel we were staying in had thin walls. I know this is reason, but still, my Asuune hearing could have picked up her spitting into the sink in the next motel room. I just hear better than most. Sometimes a curse, sometimes a blessing, but it’s what I live with every day. Thankfully, we had no occupants in the room next to us, or neither of us would have gotten any sleep last night.
No snores, no arguments and, praise all that is holy, no hookers banging it out with their ‘johns’ next door. Believe me, we’ve had our share of those. Awkward doesn’t begin to describe listening to two people go at it while sharing a bed with your sister. Although, I have to admit. The silly looks she gives me when we have one of those types of neighbors, makes me laugh.
Yes, I share a bed with my sister. We barely have the money to stay in motel’s most days so, we scrimp and save where we can. Single rooms are half the price. I pay for the room, and my sister sneaks in while no one is watching.
She’s pretty shy, considering. She’d also never be able to lie right to the face of the motel manager or whoever is taking my money. She’s just too honest and innocent to do that. Not that all demon offspring should be bold. And yes, I know, we’re not really demons. But what else do you call the children of a fallen angel, a prince of hell. Asuune is too pretty a word to describe what we are. But, until I find a better word to describe the child of a fallen angel, I’ll call myself Asuune. Or demon, if I’m in a foul mood with my situation.
Speaking of which, I did meet a real demon once. Not a peaceful existence. And I don’t envy them in the slightest. Draining life essence to survive. Most time’s using sex to do it. And the worst part, your partner ends up dead, ninety nine percent of the time. I’ll take awkwardly sharing a bed with my sister, any day of the week.
“Morning, doofus,” Alex said as she walked out of the bathroom. Her hair was a mess this morning, but still pretty. She’s always pretty.
“Morning, bed hog,” I retorted.
“So, what’s on the menu for this fine morning in the middle of…,” she paused and scrunched up her face in that way that only she can. That way that lifts my spirits, every single time. “Where the hell are we?”
“I think we’re in Missouri. At least that’s what that trucker said,” I replied. Truthfully, I can’t even remember the name of the town. But Missouri seems right.
“Hear anything?” she asked apprehensively. I know what she means. She doesn’t even have to say it, and I just know.
“Last I heard, he was still in Texas,” I replied.
“Good. Maybe I can get on part-time at that diner up the road,” she said then pulled off the oversized shirt she wore as pajamas.
I immediately spun to look the other way.
Another thing you should know about Asuune. We can’t have children. The women can’t get pregnant, and the men can’t father children. Well, there is one loophole. I guess you could call it that. Angels can get female Asuune pregnant. Even though Asuune women stop having their ‘monthly friend’, somehow, angels can still get them pregnant. Chalk that up as one more thing about this existence that I don’t understand.
Why is this relevant? Because, not having to worry about her time of the month, my sister never wears underwear to bed. Never. Just a shirt. At least that’s her explanation for never wearing anything besides an oversized shirt to bed. And this morning I got an eyeful.
“Dude! I was looking right at you!” I complained.
Then I hear that snicker. That stupidly playful, snicker that tells me she’d done it on purpose.
“Dude,” she said, mimicking me. She sounded more like a surfer than I did. “I change clothes every morning. This surprises you…why?”
She still talks like a teenage girl, even though she’s twenty-two now. She thinks she’s being cute. Ok. I have to admit it. She is cute. This way of speaking also gets her more tips when she’s waiting tables.
I usually get a job washing dishes or cooking in the same place. It’s surprising how often roadside diners are willing to hire teenagers. Ones that will agree to be paid under the table. Being Asuune, turned as teenagers, we really haven’t aged much, physically. We’ve just filled out. So, we can pass as teenagers still.
I filled out a little after our change. I look more like an athlete now. Definitely not average any longer. And Alex…let’s just say she filled out better than I did. She was pretty before. Now? She’d give that girl Sarah a run for her money. Ok, that’s a lie. Who am I kidding? Sarah wouldn’t stand a chance. All the while, Alex still looks like she’s seventeen and innocent.
Since we’re on the run constantly I had to let Alex cut my hair and she convinced me that ‘wake up and be ready’ was not a good look for me. I let it grow out some. What can I say? She’s in charge of hair cutting. And she was right. It does look better when I do something with it.
Speaking of hair. Alex got rid of her silly bangs that make her look like a child. She let all her hair grow out. It’s much longer now. I’m not even attempting to cut her hair and she can’t cut her own. Not that she suffers for it. Saying her hair is gorgeous doesn’t quite cover it.
I thought keeping guys away from her before was tough. Now it’s damn near impossible. Good thing I’m incredibly strong. Normal men don’t stand a chance against me. Though Alex doesn’t really need my protection from human men. I still gotta try and be the big brother. I failed her five years ago. I’ll never let her down again.
Strangely, all these men fawning over her and she would still rather spend time with her doofus brother. Sitting in our single bed, watching stupid TV shows, and falling asleep on me. Weird right?
I don’t think she’s ever been on a real date. I even think she might be a virgin. Not something I want to bring up with her though. If she brings it up, I’ll listen, red cheeks and all. But I’m not going to be the one to start that conversation.
“Are you done yet?” I asked impatiently. I really wanted to start getting ready myself. We were nearly broke and needed to get jobs. Ones that pay in cash, or we’d be sleeping on the streets again. Also, working at a diner, we get free food. Another reason we tended to gravitate towards these types of jobs. Being on the run sucks, starving sucks more.
“I’m done,” she replied. I could hear something in her voice. Something that warned me that she was up to something, but I ignored it.
As I turn, I’m dumbfounded by the fact that she isn’t actually done. She’s still pulling her pants on, no shirt yet, and I get a really nice view of the black lacy underwear she has on under her tight jeans. Not the image I wanted in my brain for the rest of the day.
And once more, I hear that giggle, and I know she’s done this one on purpose too. Does she enjoy teasing me like this? Why? I told you she’s weird.
“Alex?” I complained. Then realized the futility of it. She’d just end up winning the conversation. I could complain to my heart’s content, and she’d just look at me with that cute, innocent smile...and it would be over. “You know what? Never mind.”
I stormed into the bathroom, grabbing my clean clothes as I passed her. She pulled her pants on, tossed on a clean shirt, then turned to stare at me. When I noticed how she was eyeing my bare chest, and her eyes were working their way down to my shorts. The ones I wear for bed. I picked up the pace.
Lately, I’ve been thinking that my sister has a thing for me. It’s a recent thing, and I’m not really sure that I'm seeing what I think I’m seeing. Is she just curious about men? Is that all it is? I really do think that she’s a virgin. Maybe it’s just curiosity. The other alternative is just a little too weird. Even for me.
Despite our abnormally tense morning. I was the tense one, she was something else entirely. We both dress the part of runaway teenagers, hungry for a cash job. Technically, most of this is true. We always leave out the horror movie parts. The parts that would get us gasps and stares. Along with the obligatory call to either CPS or the local nuthouse. We learned pretty quickly, that this part of our life needs to be kept a secret.
We even came up with a pretty believable backstory. Our mother married a drunk after our dad died. He beat us and started making visits to my sister’s room. Believe me, it sits a lot better than the truth. The truth where our father is a fallen angel that wants to teach us how to torture and kill the human race. I said I’m not saving the world. But, I will not be a part of destroying it either.
The interview, if you could call it that, started slowly. And if I have to sit across from the greasy, three hundred pound, pervert for one more second. I might just forget about my promise to never kill a human. If he gives my sister that look one more time…
“Tips and two bucks an hour,” the giant grease ball in the white, stained shirt said. The way his eyes are looking over Alex makes me sick. I can nearly see the things he is imagining. Despite this, Alex doesn’t seem to care.
“Ben gets no tips. Three?” she asked with a cute smile.
The cute smile annoys me. Mostly because I feel like it belongs to me. That’s the way she smiles at me. That’s my smile. It doesn’t belong to some oversexed, overweight, middle-aged…
“Deal,” the grease ball agreed.
He stuck out his meat hook for a hand toward my sister. And she shook his dirty, disgusting hand like he was the president. When it was my turn, I decided to set the ground rules.
As I shake his hand, I squeeze. Not enough to shatter his fragile bones, but just enough to let him know that I mean business. As his fingers turn purple, I smile.
“We always work the same shift. I don’t want my little sister alone with any of the men around here,” I said with a grin and watched as his eyes opened wider.
He was scared. And he should be scared. I could stop his heart in a second. I could rip out his feeble little brain and show it to him before his body knew it was dead. And at that moment, Alex being in the room was the only thing stopping me from doing it.
As we walk out to take our stations, me in the kitchen, Alex in the dining room, she grabs my arm. She squeezes it tightly then looks up at me with that smile that makes me feel so helpless.
“It’s all part of the act, Ben,” she said, and her grin changed.
I’m not quite sure how to explain it. It was a mix between ‘I’m sorry’ and desire. Once again, my thoughts return to the image of my sister pulling up her jeans this morning. She does have a thing for me. I’m nearly certain now. This needs to stop before it becomes something else. Saying no to my sister when she gives me that look? That look that says ‘you’ll eventually just let me do what I want’. If it was about that? Would I be able to say no? I would want to, but could I? It’s Alex. I just can’t seem to tell her no…ever.
I’ve had sex once. Actually, one and a half. A blow job counts as half, right? I returned the favor. I’m not a jerk. She seemed to enjoy it, but I still think it only counts as half. Yeah, the physical sensations were there. It was slightly more pleasurable than masturbation, but it wasn’t anything special.
I also attribute this to the Asuune thing. Apparently, Asuune have little interest and even less attraction to humans. I tell you, that Sarah was a veritable encyclopedia on everything Asuune. Had I known about this years ago, I probably wouldn’t have felt like such a wierdo in high school. Maybe that’s what’s wrong with my sister.
I’m the only Asuune, other than Sarah, that she’s ever met. And we spend every waking hour together. Hell, we sleep in the same bed. Perhaps that’s all it is.
Then I get this great idea. We’re old enough, though we don’t have IDs to prove it, we could go to a bar. There must be other Asuune out there that might take my sister’s mind off of me.
As the night draws on, I get it in my head that we can somehow afford a night on the town. We do it once in a while. But tonight, it seems important, almost urgent, that my sister have a night out. Because if she gives me that look one more time, my resolve might melt. If I give in to her, what would that make me?
After the fifth man pinches my sister’s ass. And for the fifth time, she keeps me from killing the pervert. I bring it up.
“Want to go to a club?” I asked.
“A club?” she responds with a question. I hate it when she does that. Like she hasn’t heard me or doesn’t understand me. Remember the part where she’ a genius? She heard me, and she damn well knew what I meant.
“I was thinking.” Why am I nervous? Ok, maybe nervous was not the right word. Apprehensive? I just can’t seem to get the new images out of my head. The ones I dread. The ones that will eventually happen. The ones of my sister kissing some guy. Some perfect guy, who will take my sister away from me. I know that someday, my sweet, gorgeous sister will find a boyfriend. I just want it to be later, much later. “We need a break. Maybe we can find a club for…” I leaned in, then whispered. “Our kind.”
Yeah, I know. I’m a hypocrite. I want her to go out and have fun. But not too much fun. I want her to meet a guy…but not like him. I’m full of contradictions.
“Really?” she asked, full of excitement. Perhaps a little too much. Even that makes my stomach sway.
“We’ll just have a few drinks. Blow our pay in two hours. We deserve a break.” I laughed to prove to her that I was happy about it, despite the pictures in my head of her kissing some dude with rock hard abs. And she bought it...I think.
We’d made enough for the motel room and then some. We did deserve it. And, like I said. It was a two-bit motel, and my sister makes great tips. Who wouldn’t tip her to get a few minutes of her attention?
Alex proceeded to fan herself with the handful of one dollar bills she had in her hand.
“I can stay all night if you wait in the motel,” she said with her eyebrows raised. I know she’s kidding, but I can’t let her win. Not this time. If I let her win every time, I might not be able to tell her no if she wants...that.
“Ok,” I replied and returned to the stove that was covering my skin with grease. No wonder the fat perverted slob was so greasy. Slaving over this thing day and night for years? I’d probably sweat grease too.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her face fall. I knew I’d won. Alex and I have been inseparable for the last five years. Sometimes I think we are twins, though we don’t look much alike now. The way we just know what the other wants. The way we can nearly finish each other’s sentences. Still, it’s fun to be the one who wins a conversation once in a while. She’s a real-life genius. I have to take my victories where I can get them. And lately, I haven’t had many victories.
I know she wants me to go. She knows I want to go. But her response tells me that I’ve won.
“I’m just kidding,” I reply as I flip the square slab of almost meat. I can smell it, I’m an Asuune. I know that at least eighty percent of this ‘hamburger’ is not from a cow.
Before I can even react, Alex has her arms around my neck and is kissing me. I feign disgust, but I didn’t miss the look on her face. That look when our eyes met. This is seriously getting weird. My sister has a thing for me. Why do I feel so happy knowing it? It makes me feel sick to my stomach, but happy at the same time. There’s something wrong with me.
So, I faked a cough then turned to finish flipping the shamburgers, as I now call them. And Alex returned to her tables. She doesn’t look half as creeped out as I feel. Why is that? Is this ok with her? I’m in serious trouble.
As the night comes to a close, I notice her spending a lot of time at one particular table. The man seems nice. He appears to be our age, but something about him is strange. He keeps eyeing me then smiling when she’s not at his table. When she is there, his whole world is my sister. Not in a creepy way, but it still makes me worry that she’s spending so much time with this guy.
Despite my weird feelings towards the man, Alex doesn’t seem to be interested in him. Not in a boyfriend kind of way. More like a friend. Which is also weird. But, we’re Asuune, and he clearly is not. I would have known if he was.
Another weird thing about me. Maybe Alex too, not really sure. At least she didn’t say anything about it with Sarah. Anyway. Sarah says my ability to ‘sense’ Asuune is rare. Like one in a million rare. Probably because of who my father is. I just know when there is an Asuune near me. I sensed Sarah from across a bus station.
Why a girl like her was at a bus station, I’ll never know. But, she was kind enough to miss her bus and spend the next three hours telling us everything she could.
You know? Come to think of it. She never did get on that bus. When she left, she was walking toward the exit. That’s strange, right?
I was pulled from my daydreams as Alex laughed. Presumably at the man’s joke. The man with brown curly hair was really starting to annoy me. That was my laugh.
As I finished scraping the grill, I pushed my way through the revolving door to find Alex clearing the man’s table. But I was still upset. She’d spent over an hour talking to this man, smiling at him and now laughing? This was just too much.
“What was that?” I asked, my anger getting the better of me. So, maybe I’m not so far beyond the nineteen-year-old brain. I cover it well, but he’s still in there somewhere.
“What was what?” she asked in reply. Yet again I’m angered by her answering a question with a question. She knows damn well what I meant. I can feel the happiness inside her from two feet away. I don’t even have to touch her to know that this man has brightened her day. And I mean by a lot! The happiness isn’t just flowing from her. Her face is lit up, and she can’t stop smiling. It’s practically radiating from her! I’d be surprised if the humans running this place didn’t feel it. “Oh, you mean Gabe?”
Gabe?! She knows his name?!
Then I realize, with no small amount of horror. I’m jealous. Oh shit! I’m freekin jealous! Without answering her, I return to the kitchen.
As I glance through the pass-through window for the next hour, Alex continues to act like nothing happened. She was always better at chess than me, and she has a poker face that gamblers would kill for. I know she remembers my outburst. Ok, not so much of an outburst as much as me running away, red-faced, but still.
I know she’ll wait me out. I won the last conversation, but maybe she let me win. Maybe letting me win was her way of winning. This time? I’ve already lost.
After work we head out on our mission to find an Asuune bar, me dreading it the whole way. While we walk downtown, in the grand city of...I still don't know what it’s called, Alex brings it up. And in the most annoying way possible.
“So?” she asked in that voice. That high pitched voice. Like a child who knows she’s getting her way if she can just act cute enough. And it worked.
“I just…,” I started, but she interrupts me.
“You’re jealous,” she stated as if it was the most innocent thing in the world.
“What? No!” I stammered as my face feels like I’d slapped it on the grill back at work. I know my face is red. Thankfully, this alley is dark.
“It’s ok. I know you are,” she said then smiled at me compassionately.
I swear, my heart skipped a beat. She knew I was jealous, and she didn’t care. It even sounded a little like she was happy that I’d been jealous. When I couldn’t find words for the mess in my head, she continued.
“You have nothing to worry about. Gabe was sweet. He was just lonely. He wanted someone to talk to. I guess he’s like a delivery man or something. Takes messages all over the world for his boss.”
“So, not a creep?” I asked, to cover my real intentions. Yet, I know what they are. I’m sick. My sister has a thing for me, and I want it to stay that way. I like that she has a thing for me. I’d never do anything about it, but still. I want her to keep thinking about me like that. How sick am I?
“No,” she said with a laugh that tells me how ridiculous my question is to her.
Then as if she senses my true intentions, she grabs my arm, like she has always done. And she squeezes it, then looks up at me. When I look into her eyes, I panic. Are they purple? Please tell me it’s a trick of the light. Please tell me they’re not purple.
I know what each eye color means. They are very subtle highlights. It’s not like our eyes flash neon orange or anything. It’s barely perceivable to most, not unless you’re really staring into them and looking for the change.
Purple means lust. Red is anger, obviously. Green is envy slash jealousy. And then there’s… 
As I look into her eyes again, just to be sure, I see the slight pink tint. No. Not pink. Purple is lust, but adjust the shade a little lighter, and it becomes pink. Pink means love.
I quickly look away. Ok, this is getting dangerously close to downright disgusting.
Over the last five years, I’ve spent many hours in the mirror thinking about things and watching my eye color change. It’s ever so slight, but in a bright room, I can see it. So, I know what they mean. I just hope that, in this dark alley, my eyes are playing tricks on me.
And, as if she can read my mind. My sweet little sister, who’s not so little anymore, changes the subject.
“What are you going to get?” she asked with innocence oozing from her voice.
“I was thinking a beer,” I replied with a laugh.
She’s still clinging to my arm like I might take off and leave her, but this feels normal. It’s not uncomfortable like the stare. We’ve been like this since we were kids. Always touching each other. At one time, I considered my sister weird for still doing it into our teenage years, but that was nineteen-year-old me. Twenty-four-year-old me wishes we had more time to touch like we used to.
Back when things were simpler. Back when we held hands through most of the day and sat in her room. We’d just talk for hours, holding hands the whole time. Sometimes she’d even sit with her back against me as I rocked her. We were pretty young then. Two orphans, afraid that our new parents wouldn’t like us. But, still, sometimes I miss the way I used to hold her.
“A beer?” she asked with a sarcastic tone.
“I like beer,” I replied with a laugh.
“Well, I’m going to try something different,” she replied with smugness. “Maybe a Slippery Nipple. I liked Sex on the Beach, it was sweet, but I tried that last time. Umm…what else is there?”
“You’d have to ask the bartender. I’m a beer man,” I replied with a laugh. “Just ask for something girly and see what he gives you.”
She slapped my arm playfully then immediately returned to holding on to it. It was like she thought I’d go somewhere. As if I’d ever even considered leaving her. Alex was my life. Had been since I was old enough to call her sister. There would only be one reason I’d ever leave. If she was better off without me. And I don’t see that happening.

Chapter 4
Inside the bar, the lights strobed and I watched as my little sister danced with other women. Men came up to her once in a while, but she would laugh and send them on their way. I didn’t sense any Asuune in here, so I assumed that this was the reason. Finding an Asuune bar proved to be harder than I thought, so we settled for one with drinks on special for lady's night.
Alex dancing is a sight to see. The way she moves. The way she glances at me every few minutes, just to make sure I’m there. It is one of the few happy times we get. We’ve done it a couple of times over the years. But only when we know HE isn’t in the same zip code. We can’t afford to be caught in public, near humans. Not when he’s around.
This night went by like all the others. Alex drank a few drinks and got a little tipsy. I sipped my beers, two and never more. I have to be on high alert for her. She gets to have fun. I get to play the watchdog. This is my penance for how I failed her all those years ago. But, somehow, watching her dance is my release as well. Seeing her forget about our troubles, brings me peace. There it is again, that word. The one I took for granted for so long. I rarely experience it anymore, but there it is. Watching Alex forget about all her fears is peace to me.
As the waitress gives me another lustful stare, she sets another beer on my table. With it, she places a card at my fingertips. When I glance at the card, I get that feeling. The one I get when an Asuune is near. I’ve only ever met one, but I remember that feeling. It’s like…it’s like when you’re embarrassed. How your cheeks flush with heat. Only it’s in my brain. I feel the warmth wash over my brain, and it feels comforting.
“What’s this? I didn’t…,” I start, but the waitress just laughs. Truthfully, I’m too busy searching the crowd to finish my sentence. There’s an Asuune here, I know there is. I get the warm feeling of someone like me nearby, but at the same time, I feel dread. What if this Asuune likes Alex? Worse, what if Alex likes him? Then I come to my senses. This Asuune sent me a drink. A beer. They want my attention. Not Alex’s. And my calmness returns.
“It’s from the lady…” As she turns her head to look for the woman who has sent me a beer, she looks a little confused. When she turns back, confusion gives way to apology. “She was right there, at the bar.”
“Thank you,” I replied, and she headed off.
I fiddled with the card, but I’m not ready to read it. I’m too busy thinking. I know I can’t keep Alex to myself forever. She’s a grown woman. She needs more than an overprotective brother. She needs to find love. Alex deserves to be happy. But, perhaps I can hold on to my sweet little sister for just one more night.
As I look up and see Alex glancing my way with curiosity, I smile, and the smile she returns lets me know. She’s ok with spending one more night with her confused, clingy brother. And I thought she was the clingy one all those years ago. Turns out it was me, all along.
After our shared look, I grab the card and glance at the gold letters. ‘Demonic Temptation Therapy’ then I proceed to the doctor’s name. ‘Doctor Sam Lujuria’. Maybe I do need a therapist. Perhaps this Asuune woman, the one who bought me a beer, knows about my issues. Or, maybe she saw the way I look at my sister. Yeah, I probably do need a therapist.
So, I stick the card in my pocket and stand up, signaling to Alex that it’s time to go. I’m feeling a little warm, I do feel temperature, just not like humans do. The two beers I had, didn’t touch the free one, are enough to get my buzz on but not enough to affect my motor skills. I can’t allow that to happen. It’s my job to make sure Alex gets to have fun. I don’t get to. Not after how I let her down.
Alex, on the other hand, giggles to her new girlfriends and they hug before she nearly trips her way to me.
“How many have you had?” I asked with a grin.
“I had a purple one. A pink one. One that tasted like pineapple and umm…that green apple one,” she said and grabbed my arm for stability.
The feeling I get when she grabs my arm renews my idea that I need a therapist, but not tonight. Tonight will be just Alex and me. I have one more night of her all to myself. Tomorrow I’ll call Dr. Lujuria and get my brain screwed on right.
As we made our way back to the hotel room, I got curious.
“Do you like girls?” I asked innocently enough. I was genuinely curious. She always dances with girls. Maybe she does like girls. This brings with it a sense of relief and a sense of dread. If she does, then what I saw was my own imagination. I really do need to see that therapist.
“No, silly,” she replied and slapped at my arm but missed and stumbled. When I catch her, she looks up at me again, and I notice the color. Purple, leaning toward pink. Great.
“I was just wondering. No need to be embarrassed about it,” I said with a laugh to hide my inner torment.
“I don’t like girls,” she said with a silly tone in her voice. It’s a little lower in pitch and almost like she was saying ‘Duh’.
“I’m just sayin. You didn’t seem all that interested in your male suitors,” I said with a silly tone. Higher than my normal voice. Trying to play along with her silliness.
Alex stops and looks at me like I should know the reason.
“They’re human guys. Tried that. Don’t like it,” she states matter-of-factly and continues on, not holding my arm anymore. She stumbles a few times then waits for me to catch up.
“You’ve…?” I almost ask but decide that saying it out loud sounds like I’m too interested.
“I’m not a virgin,” she replied with a laugh. “It’s just not…” she looked lost in thought, then the bratty look comes over her, and I know it can’t be good. “I feel more when I’m by myself. At least I get to...finish, when I'm by myself.”
I look away, mostly to hide my face in case I look too interested in this as well. But, I covered quickly.
“Eww,” I stated. “I don’t want to hear about you touching yourself.”
I can feel my excitement rising and hope that she doesn’t notice. This is not right. I NEED to see that therapist.
“I won’t talk about it anymore.” The way she says the word talk, worries me. Even the giggle afterward, makes me wish I’d never asked the question. Well, I hadn’t actually asked if she was a virgin. I started to ask, but I didn’t finish. She just knew what I wanted to ask. Like she always does.
After another thirty minutes of Alex stumbling and me stumbling over my words, we made it back to our motel room. I went into the bathroom to change so that she can change in private as well. I’m not about to catch my sister changing again. The state my mind is in tonight, I couldn’t take that. I feel guilty enough for the excitement I felt when she talked about touching herself. I don’t need images to go along with it.
When I came out, I noticed the shirt she was wearing tonight. It was shorter than her normal nightshirt, and it was mine. Why? I didn’t think my mind could take any more of this, so I quickly averted my eyes and found my side of the bed.
There’s something sensual about seeing a woman wearing your shirt and nothing else. That shirt that was touching you is now touching her bare skin. I’m not sure a woman could understand this. Some women think it’s about a sense of control over the woman, but it’s not about control. It’s not even about possession. It’s the fact that this woman wants to wear something that belongs to you. It’s like the woman wearing your clothes is admitting to you that she wants to be yours.
And seeing that, feeling that, about Alex. It was more than my fragile mind could take.
While I laid with my back to her, I could hear her climbing into bed. I could feel the tension as she laid down behind me and covered herself with the sheet.
The whole time I laid there, feeling like the lowest form of animal on the planet, I could almost sense the question before Alex asked it.
“Would you hold me? Like when we were little?” she asked in an almost apologetic tone.
When I rolled over, her face matched the tone, but I smiled. She had been feeling my emotions again. We had said we’d try not to but, tonight? The strength of my emotions was probably too much. She probably hadn’t even tried to feel them.
“You’re cheating again,” I said with a grin.
Her face grew even more apologetic, if that was at all possible.
“I’m sorry. I just know you want to.” The pause nearly made my heart stop. “I do too.”
“Sure. Rollover,” I said and her grin, as she turned to face away from me, reminded me of my little Alex. The one who was afraid of the dark. The one who begged me to sleep in her bed for a year after watching a horror movie we weren’t supposed to watch. That Alex was in bed with me tonight. And that Alex I could hold.
All thoughts of my sister as anything but innocent, faded as I held her. She pushed herself against me and, for a second, I swear she cooed. It didn’t take long, five minutes at most. The bathroom light, that she always insists is left on, didn’t even keep me up tonight. After five minutes, I was out like a light.

Chapter 5
I woke to find Alex had gotten up before me. I heard the shower shut off, so I knew I had only a few moments to hide the beacon of my desire under some jeans. It was still standing at attention. The dreams I’d had about Alex made damn sure of that.
The dreams were disturbing in so many ways. Holding her, like I had last night, I just hoped that she hadn’t noticed. Or, at least had not realized that my arousal was because of her.
I remembered the dreams vividly. Perhaps they were because of our conversation on the way back from the bar. In my dreams she had been pleasing herself, and it woke me. I didn’t let her know that I was awake. I just watched. In the dream, I mean. I know how confusing that sounds. Believe me, I’m really confused…about many things.
I knew it was a dream, like you do sometimes. And all I did was watch. I didn’t touch her. Thank all that is holy, I did not touch her. Not even in my dreams.
As I quickly did up my jeans, in a feeble attempt to hide my desire, Alex came out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel. Because that was going to help my situation. My mind kept flashing to the dreams. I seriously needed mental help.
Without a second thought, I grabbed the business card and rushed by her, into the bathroom. After securing the door, I heard her lean against it, then her words startled me.
“What are you doing in there?” she asked with a teasing, yet inquisitive tone.
“I’m going to take a shower,” I replied, hoping my voice didn’t give away the fact that I was lying.
We had one cellphone between us, mostly for emergencies, we didn’t have friends. One of those pay as you go types. We can always find cards at gas stations during our travels. And I had grabbed it on the way in. Maybe that’s all she meant. Maybe she had seen me grab the phone?
I wasn’t about to do…that…with visions of my sister still in my head. Dreaming about her touching herself was one thing. Pleasuring myself while thinking about her? That was crossing a line. The discomfort of my problem was far less than the guilt I would feel if I gave in to it.
“You don’t have a towel, doofus,” she replied with a laugh.
I quickly glanced around the bathroom. Damn it! She was right. So, I decided that the truth was the best course of action.
“I’m calling a doctor to help me. We might need to go to Wyoming,” I said glancing at the address on the card. “Caveat Wyoming.” I sounded more confident and sure of myself now. Good.
As I dialed the number, I wondered why Alex didn’t ask any more questions. Surely, she had a million questions. Why wasn’t she asking them?
I glanced again at the card and read the small slogan underneath Dr. Lujuria’s name. ‘I’m ready to help. Asuune as you get here.’. Clever way to tell people that you know about this world. Humans would probably think it was a typo. This was even better. I didn’t have to hide half of my life, and maybe this doctor could talk some sense into me. I didn’t care if I had to take drugs or get shock therapy. I couldn’t take this guilt any longer.
After finding out that Dr. Lujuria took walk-ins, but would only be in Caveat for one more week. I knew we had to leave right away. Missouri to Wyoming by bus, was not a short trip. And I needed to make these dreams and thoughts about my sister go away!
As soon as I left the bathroom, I knew why my sister hadn’t asked her questions. The way she sat on the edge of the bed and the redness in her eyes. I knew.
“Is something wrong with you?” she asked. She had either been crying, or was about to start.
“No,” I comforted her as I sat, then felt guilty for lying. “Well, sort of. It’s an Asuune thing.” I thought quickly. This would work. This would not tell her about my depraved mind, but it would give her closure. “This is an Asuune doctor. I think.”
“Oh,” she said, and immediately I could see her mood shift. “Maybe I can help.”
My mind went places I didn’t want it to. I did need that kind of help. But not from Alex. Never from Alex. I had let her down once. I was not going to take advantage of her confused feelings for me. I’d never do that. I pushed this aside and came up with a good excuse.
“This is a guy…Asuune thing. I need to talk to a doctor about it. Nothing serious. Not life-threatening. But…it’s personal.” I raised my eyebrows to let her know that she didn’t really want to hear it. She seemed to take it well, so, within fifteen minutes, we were out the door and on our way to Caveat Wyoming.
We arrived at Caveat on the last day Dr. Lujuria was scheduled to work. I wasn’t sure we were going to make it, but we did. We ended up having to hitchhike for part of the trip when bus routes, and the delays that busses have, weren’t going to be fast enough. But, in the end, we arrived at Dr. Lujuria’s temporary office in Caveat General at three in the afternoon. Talk about skin of your teeth.
Another good thing about struggling to keep on a schedule was that I had no time alone with Alex. I tortured and berated myself the whole time, but had no chance to make a mistake that would cost me everything. That didn’t stop the dreams though. No matter what I did, I could not stop them. I really needed help.
As I walked through the hallway to the doctor’s office, I noticed a pretty woman working in a lab. She smiled at me through the glass filled wall, and it was pleasing. She looked kind and pretty. I even felt a mild attraction to her. She wasn’t Asuune, but she wasn’t human either. What was she? Whatever it was, a woman like that, being whatever she was, might help take my mind off of Alex. Maybe this town had better bars for people like me.
When I entered the doctor’s office, I was shocked and pleased at the greeting I received. Standing in front of me, wearing a tight, short skirt and bending over. I saw one of the most attractive women I’ve ever seen. Maybe not Alex pretty, but definitely in Sarah’s league. To be more to the point, this woman was lust on legs. Very attractive legs that made their way up to an even nicer…
My thoughts were cut short as she turned.
“I’m sorry, but I’m in a hurry. No more walk-ins today,” she said crisply.
“But…,” I stammered.
She walked right up to me, placed her hand on my chest, and looked at me like I was a naughty boy. I sure felt like I was ten years old and being scolded for sneaking cookies before supper.
“I don’t help your kind anyway,” she stated then headed back to packing her things.
“But…this woman,” I stammered again. “She gave me a card.”
This caused the woman to freeze.
“What card?” she asked, not turning around. Almost as if she was afraid to.
I fished the card out of my pocket and held it out. Eventually, she turned around and studied it closely.
“Have a seat. You have five minutes,” she said sharply then went to her chair. She pulled out a file and opened it, then grabbed her pen.
“You’re Ben, right?” she asked, still looking at the file.
Oh shit! What had I just walked into? She knew my name. She had a file on me. Whoever had given me this card knew all about me. Did she also know about my sick mind?
“Umm…yes,” I replied.
“Ok. Quick version,” she said like she was running a race. “I’m Samantha, or Sam, if you prefer. I’m a demon. A demon like you have never met, nor will you ever meet again in your lifetime. I’m one of a kind. I usually help demons with their emotional problems. Demonic Temptations, I call them. But, since my daughter, Sarah, has insisted. I’ll help you as much as I can…in five minutes.”
“You know Sarah?” I asked. I’m the stupid one, remember?
“Yes. My daughter. I said that. What seems to be troubling you?” Samantha asked. She still talked like she was on a schedule, and I was somehow blocking her way.
She didn’t know about my ‘sickness’ but that was also a bad thing. I’d have to tell her, if I wanted help.
“I think I have one of those Demonic Temptations. I have…umm…dreams about…,” I started. How much did I want to tell this woman? Do I tell her that I think I secretly want to have sex with my sister? I dream of watching my sister, masturbate. How much was I willing to share?
And yes, every dream was the same. I watch her and do nothing, but I like it. I really like it. Thankfully, even in my dreams, I don’t cross that final line. But I do watch her pleasing herself, and I like it a lot. There must be something wrong with me.
“Let me stop you right there, Ben.” She said my name like I was annoying her. Truthfully, I think I was.
She stood and walked over to me. I was sitting on the couch now, so she sat on the coffee table in front of me. She crossed her legs and gave me a completely different kind of look. Was it compassion?
“You don’t have a Demonic Temptation. You know exactly what your problem is. Well, mostly. If you’re really honest with yourself. You know why. You just don’t know how to fix it. You’re missing certain pieces to this puzzle. Let me give you the short version.” She pointed at a non-existent watch on her arm. “Time constraints and all. Plus, like I always say. Knowledge without work is useless knowledge. You’ll need to figure some of this out on your own, but I can give you some of the missing pieces. And point you in the right direction for the rest.”
“Ok?” I asked. This woman knew a lot about me from Sarah. What harm could it do to hear her out?
“You have feelings for your…sister?” The way she raised her eyebrows and emphasized the word sister. Did that mean something?
“Yes,” I said. In for a penny… Might as well be truthful. I have five minutes, probably less, to get help. “I keep…” She interrupted.
“Don’t care. Doesn’t matter,” she replied quickly. “Are you sure the police records are right?” She looked into the file one more time. “Where did your mother die?”
“In…Caveat,” I said, growing concerned.
“Strange coincidence that Sarah sent you to me…in Caveat…where your mother died. Don’t you think?” she asked, raising one eyebrow.
What was she getting at? Was she implying that…? Really? Seriously?! I felt like I’d been carrying a car around and someone had just told me that I could put it down.
“She’s not my sister?” I asked with far too much enthusiasm. I could tell by the grin on her face.
As she rose, her grin turned almost devious.
“I didn’t say that,” she said, facing away from me. “What I am saying is that maybe you should get all the facts before you go deciding that you need mental help.”
“But…but…,” I stammered. I didn’t know what to say. This was the best news I had ever heard. Ever!
If she wasn’t my sister, I didn’t have to feel guilty. If she wasn’t my sister, I didn’t have to hide my feelings. If she wasn’t my sister. I wasn’t a perverted sicko. I was just a twenty-four-year-old guy, attracted to the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. There’s nothing sick about that.
“You have your diagnosis, and it’s a grim one,” she said with a laugh.
“What diagnosis?” I asked, not understanding her new train of thought.
She looked at me as if I should know the answer, then decided that she couldn’t wait for me to find some courage.
“You’re in love,” Samantha said with a grin that almost brought my lunch out for everyone to see. To tell the truth, it was probably the words which caused the reaction.
“I’m what?” I stammered. Not that I didn’t believe it. Perhaps I’d known for a while now. Maybe I hadn’t been able to admit it for fear of what that made me, but if Alex wasn’t my sister. I wasn’t a monster!
“Sorry, Ben. I have to go. World to save and all that,” Samantha said with a giggle as she passed me and headed to the door.
“I’m in love?” I asked quietly to myself as I sunk farther into the couch. Though I knew it was true.
I loved Alex with everything in me. I’ve loved her since I’d been old enough to say her name. But in love with her? Actually…if I was really honest with myself… These last few years my love for her had changed. It was true. I was in love with a girl…no a woman, who might be my sister.
“When you’re done with your nervous breakdown, can you shut the door on your way out?” she asked with another snicker, then left.
This was just perfect. The icing on the proverbial cake. Not only did I want to have sex with my maybe sister. I was in love with her too. Holy shit. I must really like self-torture. After a few more moments of self-reflection, self-loathing, and self-chastising, I stood and headed out the door. Before I tortured myself any longer, I needed to know the truth. And Alex should be there as well.

Chapter 6
Back in our motel room, and it was a double room this time. I’d been smart for once. A little more expensive, but I needed to reduce the temptations. And now? Knowing that Alex might not be my sister. I was glad I'd gotten the double.
I needed to know for sure before I did anything about it. If she even wanted to do anything about it. She might have a thing for me, she might not. But that question was at the bottom of my list. Finding out if she was my sister was at the very top.
We just needed to go to the police station, get the suicide report, and find out if I was a demented monster or just a confused man. Easy right?
I had told Alex that I wanted to get the police report on our mother’s death. I just hadn’t told her why. And yes, I used the word ‘our’. I didn’t want to give away anything. Why? Because I knew what I had to do if I didn’t find what I wanted to find. I had to do the one thing that I never thought possible. But if she was my blood sister, then I had no choice. I had to do what was best for my Alex. I had to leave.
No good-bye, no note, no explanation. I would just leave, and she would never find me. I’m a weak man. When I let Alex down all those years ago, I understood exactly how weak I was. I would never be able to leave if she knew I was going. Plus, one look and I’d be unable to tell her no.
It’s the best thing for Alex, even though it feels like someone is ripping a hole right through me. If she is my blood sister, then I’m a monster, and she deserves better than a monster for a brother. I would eventually give in to these feelings. I’m weak, remember? And she deserves better.
As I somberly made my way from the bathroom to my bed, I noticed that Alex had grabbed one of my shirts again. This one fit her too perfectly. Just what I needed tonight. I couldn’t even look at her. My shirt was too tight for her top half, and it barely covered her bottom half.
I shut off the lamp on my side of the bed as I slid the sheets up. Alex takes my cue, shuts off her lamp, and covers herself as well. And I breathe a sigh of relief when she pulls the covers up to her neck. At least with the sheet, I can’t see her body, just her face.
I know what you’re thinking. Why didn’t I just roll over? I’m weak, remember?
As Alex’s eyes find mine, she knows that something is wrong.
“Everything ok?” she asks in that sweet as hell voice.
“I’m ok,” I replied. A lie, but I’m not telling her what’s wrong. I don’t even have the courage to make up a good excuse at this point. My mind is just too fractured for coherent thought.
On the one hand, I want her to be my sister. That sweet little thing I can snuggle with and protect. On the other, I really want to hold her in a different way. Kiss her…
Well that that was a mistake. As soon as I thought the word kiss, my mind was flooded with images of Alex’s perfect lips against mine. Just great, I’d be having dreams again tonight. Of that, I was sure.
“Then why two beds?” she asked, and I could see the sadness in her eyes. I felt like crying. So help me, in about five seconds, if she didn’t stop looking at me like that, I’d cry.
“I need some time. I’m going through something…,” I start, but I can’t finish. I don’t want to tell her the truth, and I hate lying to her. She’s Alex. She might even be able to sense my lie. What would I do if she hated me? I can’t even remember the last time she’d been mad at me. Had she ever really been mad at me?
If I told her the truth, there were two options. She’d either agree with me, something I’m not ready for. She still could be my sister. Or she’d hate me for the sicko that I am. And I’d deserve it. I just had to wait this out.
“Ok,” she replied with even more sadness, and I could feel the tears starting. Then, as if she knew I needed cheering up, she squeezed her hands together under her beautiful face. Then she smiled in that devious way that told me that whatever she said, I’d agree to it. Whether I wanted to or not. “But tomorrow…one bed.”
“Deal,” I agreed, and the tears receded. The smile that filled my face must have looked silly because she laughed and rolled her eyes at me.
We laid there for a few more minutes, just looking into each other’s eyes. The only light coming from the bathroom. Then she finally let her weary eyes close and, minutes after, mine did as well.

Chapter 7
My eyes eased open. It was still dark. The bathroom light burned at my eyes as I tried to focus them. What had made that noise? It almost sounded like a whimper. I was still facing Alex, and she appeared to be asleep, but she was now lying on her back. The sheet was down to her waist.
As my sleepy brain tried to take in everything, I heard it again.
This time I recognized the sound. It was a whimper, but not one of pain. It was one of pleasure. I glanced at Alex’s face. She wasn’t moving. Her lips were parted slightly. Maybe it had been her. Maybe she was having a good dream.
I dared not move as I waited, holding my breath. Was it her? If she was awake I didn’t want her to know I was.
Then I realized, this was like the dream, but I was actually awake. Oh shit!
I watched her mouth as the sigh escaped her lips. It wasn’t a whimper this time. It was a real sigh. The type of sigh only a woman can do correctly. The type of sigh that sends heat straight to your… She must be having a really good dream.
Then I noticed slight movement and slid my eyes down. Right below her waist, right above her… There was a small lump that belonged to her hand. The movement was slight. Just barely noticeable in the pale light given off from the bathroom. But I noticed it. And I froze. Was she..?
My dream was coming to life right before my eyes, and I couldn’t stop watching. So help me, I couldn’t stop.
Another high pitched, soft sigh escaped her beautiful lips as my concentration was focused on her hand. It was moving a little faster now. She was!
I almost had a heart attack as she turned her head away from me and moaned. Her hand picking up speed as I watched, unable to turn away, unable to shut my eyes, even though I knew I should.
Then she said it. It was so quiet. She was dreaming.
“Ben,” she whispered.
My name, said so sensually, so quietly from her lips echoed through me. It sent impulses through me like shockwaves.
She was dreaming about me!
Then she started sliding her left leg out. It slid out from under the sheet, and I could see her bare skin. Right up to the center of her thigh. I gasped, quietly. I couldn’t stop it. I could feel my excitement rise. Thankfully, she wasn’t awake, or she would have heard me.
Her hand was picking up speed, as were her sighs, moans, and whimpers of pleasure. I continued to watch, scooting up, using my pillow to raise my head. I knew it was wrong, but I really wanted a better view. I should shut my eyes. I know I should shut my eyes. I should roll over, something. But I couldn’t.
As she continued to draw closer and closer, I could almost feel what she felt. Faster. Faster. I urged her in my mind. You’re almost there. I felt the ache as her leg twitched. It was only once, but I could tell that it was involuntary. She was almost there. Just a few more excruciatingly pleasurable moments.
Her right leg slid out a little more, allowing her hand more access to the area that burned to be released. Then the movement of her leg caused the sheet to slide farther, falling from her naked lower half. Even in the dim bathroom light, I could see everything below her waist. Alex had trimmed herself short. And I could see every inch of her womanhood. And it was beautiful.
I watched as her fingers moved expertly over herself. Then her left arm slid up, underneath her shirt. My shirt. It made its way up to the perk nipple that pressed itself against the fabric. She was very close now.
As she squeezed her left nipple, I saw her right hand slow.
No. Why are you slowing down? You’re so close. So, so close. Don’t stop!
Despite my inner objections, she continued to slow. Savoring every moment at the edge. She turned her head upright again, her eyes still shut. She faced the ceiling. I could see the anguish on her face as she tried to hold out. Her eyebrows pinched together, and her eyes squeezed shut. Her lips... The sight of Alex biting her bottom lip while struggling to hold on, nearly made me lose my mind. If she didn’t reach climax soon, I just might.
I wanted to help her. I desperately wanted to slide into her bed and use my hand to push hers to the side. That way, I could give her the release that she was denying herself. Let go, Alex. Let go. I pleaded silently.
Almost as if she heard my thoughts. She lost control, and her legs shuttered. She released her bottom lip as her mouth shot open. The moan of satisfaction that escaped her lips was so pleasing to my ears that I thought I might join her in ecstasy, but I held on. For the next few seconds, she seemed afraid to move. Her legs shuttered a few more times, then her hand slowly made its way out from under the shirt she wore. Finally, a smile spread across her face.
I have never felt that before. The complete and total release. Perhaps I was feeling her pleasure through our connection. Perhaps it was just wishful thinking. But, I swear, I felt it.
I quickly shut my eyes as I saw hers shoot open.
Oh, shit! She was awake! She had been awake the whole time!
I could hear her sliding my shirt back down, then her feet hit the floor.
I cowered and held my breath when I heard her footsteps drawing closer. What was she going to do? Had she noticed that I was awake? Was she coming to chastise me? I did deserve it.
But she didn’t. Instead of telling me how sick I am, she slid into bed with me. Then she lifted my sheet and faced away from me before scooting her back against me. Next, she grabbed my hand and pulled it across her waist. She pushed her back half against me then wiggled and pushed even harder as she snuggled in The sheer, agonizing, torturous bliss I felt as my rock hard manhood pushed against her. I was surprised that she didn’t turn around and slap me or accuse me of the disturbing thing I had just done. There was no way she didn’t feel it. Why wasn’t she saying anything? She just pushed against it more forcefully.
I dare not open my eyes. Not even for a second. As I laid there feeling the pleasure and pain of my desire pushing against her, I was concerned. I was concerned by the fact that this act has brought me more pleasure than the one and a half times I’ve had sex. More pleasure than me satisfying myself. But the most disturbing part about it was that despite the fact that I knew how wrong it was. I liked it. I wanted her to do it again. Just so I could watch. But next time, I wanted her to know I was watching.

Chapter 8
The next day, at the police department, we hit a brick wall. Turns out that they don’t give out police reports to just any scruffy looking runaway kid claiming to be related to a suicide victim. Weird right?
I broke down and told Alex the reason behind my curiosity into mother’s death. Strangely, she took this news pretty well. The fact that we might not be related seemed to sit very well with her. Almost like she expected it. Did she? She was a million times smarter than me, but still, how had she managed to figure this one out?
And, as usual, Alex had a plan.
Alex’s plan was for me to make a commotion. I was to walk in, acting drunk, and smash some things up. The entryway to the police station had many glass cases, filled with many trophies and awards. They wouldn’t be too happy about me breaking them, but one night in jail was worth it. Knowing whether or not I was related to Alex. I’d spend a week in prison, maybe a month, to get this news.
It took me about twenty minutes to procure a bottle of wine, complete with brown paper bag. Then I doused myself with the wine so that I’d smell the part. But, as I walked into the police station, prepared to act out, I saw Alex. She was rushing toward me with a look that I didn’t quite understand. Worry? Was she upset? Was she upset with me?
As she grabbed me and pulled me back outside, my apprehension rose. Why did she look so upset?
“Alex?” I begged.
“It’s not in there,” she replied.
She rushed me down the street, but I felt this needed more explanation, so I stopped.
“What do you mean it’s not there? And what’s wrong?” I asked, holding my ground. I just smelled like a drunk. I wasn’t one. Alex wasn’t going to physically move me.
“We need to go,” she urged me. Physically no. Emotionally? I did as I was told.
“What’s wrong?” My fear rose as Alex sped along the street.
“Father is here,” she said. And that’s all she needed to say. I was now outpacing her.
After about ten blocks, we both slowed and tried to assess our options.
“But we’re so close. We need know where it is. We need to know the truth,” I stated, but Alex already knew that argument.
“We do. But not if we’re…whatever he wants with us,” she explained. And she was right. We had no idea what father wanted with us. We just knew he wanted us.
We had assumed that he wanted us to torture and kill humans. He hadn’t actually come out and said it. We barely spoke to him that night. Most of our assumption was based on the fact that he was Dagon. A cruel and evil fallen angel. And everyone knows that fallen angels want to wipe out humanity. One and one makes two?
“So, what do we do?” I asked.
She thought about this for a good minute or so, then smiled back at me as we walked slowly toward nowhere in particular.
“We lay low. Wait a day, then try again,” she explained.
“But you said…?” I asked.
“I lied. I knew that you’d never leave if you knew the report was still in there. So, I lied,” she said with the sweetest look on her face. My baby sister could always wrap me around her little finger with just a look. Good to know that she still can, even if she’s not a baby anymore. And even if I don’t know whether or not she’s my sister.
“I can wait another day,” I said, though I really didn’t want to. I wanted answers. Answers to the questions that made me feel disgusted with myself. Answers to the question of whether I should tell Alex how I felt or if I should suffer in silence for the rest of my life. Samantha had been right. One look at sweet Alex and I knew. I was in love with her. This was horrible.
The look on Alex’s face. It made me feel even worse. I think she was reading my emotions again. That look. The purple in her eyes. I think she knew.
“Alex?” I asked, trying to divert attention from the subject I wasn’t ready to talk about.
“Yes?” she asked with a smirk and a tone that suggested she did know.
“Why don’t we get the room for another night and tomorrow night we’ll sneak into the police station after midnight. When there aren’t so many cops. I’m really fast. Even if father is there. Maybe he won’t see me.” I looked at her hoping she bought this. I did want to use this as our new plan, but it wasn’t what was at the front of my mind.
“Sure,” she said, disappointment filling her expression.
With the last of our money, we rented the double room again. We needed two beds. I needed two beds. I didn’t want to give in to this, not when I was so close to the truth. I’d just have to convince her that we needed to sleep separately again. I could do it. I didn’t want another incident of my maybe sister having to snuggle up against my inappropriate behavior. Not tonight. One more day and I’d get my answers. I could last one more day.

Chapter 9
At a little after two, I woke to Alex sliding into bed with me. I was only half awake as I felt her pull my hand onto her stomach. When my sleepy eyes opened, I saw the look on her face as she laid on her back. And it was not a look I was prepared for.
“Alex?” I asked, hoping I was misreading the look.
“Why did you get a double room again?” she asked, still with that look of teasing mixed with seduction. This was about to get bad. Even in the dim light given off by the half-closed bathroom door, I could see the purple tint in her eyes.
Was I going to turn her down? Could I turn her down? Did I even want to?
“We always sleep together.” She paused, and I could feel my heart racing. “Tell me what’s wrong. Please. I can help.”
Help, in this context, was exactly what I needed but not from her. At least not yet. I was already at full salute, and all it took was one look. This was bad.
“I umm…I umm…,” I struggled between what I wanted to say and what I should say.
I should say. I’m a sick pervert, and you should have nothing to do with me ever again. I wanted to say. I’m in love with you, and you are all I can think about.
Neither came out.
Instead, I removed my hand from her and fell onto my back. I sighed as I struggled between the two versions of myself and the two versions of Alex. Brother and sister. Man and woman. As I laid there struggling with what to say, she came to my rescue.
“I know we aren’t siblings. There’s nothing wrong with you,” she said. The way she looked at me as she laid on her back was comforting yet heartbreaking. She tipped her head slightly and focused her eyes on me, while the most regretful look came over her.
“What do you mean? How could you know?” I asked, still not willing to roll over to face her. I couldn’t face her. Not right now. Not until I knew for sure.
“I don’t have proof. But I know. I’ve known since I was about fifteen,” she said with such innocence that I wanted to believe her. “Maybe I’ve always known.”
“How could you know?” I asked.
“I’m not the same as you,” she started, then looked guilty. “I spoke to Sarah when you went to the bathroom that day at the bus station. She had waited until we were alone because I think she also knew.”
“What?” I asked, now ready to face her, I rolled over. She immediately grabbed my hand, but not in a sensual way. This was for support. And I gladly gave in to it.
“She explained that, whereas you can sense other Asuune, I can sense emotions. Sometimes project them,” Alex explained, and her guilt seemed to deepen. She squeezed my hand tighter, and I squeezed back. “You don’t feel my emotions. Well, not on your own.”
“What?” I asked, my voice getting a little louder.
“I’m empathic,” she said and cringed, thinking I’d get mad. Like I would even have the right to get mad at Alex.
“Go on,” I said, the only thing I could think to say. I wanted to hear more, and she didn’t need to feel guilty. She could shoot me, stab me, leave me, and I’d deserve it. She had nothing to worry about. I just didn’t know how to explain it to her.
“I’m…I’m the reason for your dreams,” she said and cringed again.
I felt fear. I wanted to deny them, but what would be the point. Then another sensation washed over me. I wanted to thank her for them.
“It’s ok,” I comforted. Taking the middle ground.
“Sarah told me a lot. Somehow she also knew that we weren’t siblings. But you need proof, don’t you?” she asked, showing the same compassion that I had just shown her.
“Yes,” I replied, feeling guilty for not just believing her. I needed to know for certain. I just had to know. I couldn’t live my life wondering and feeling guilty. Then I had a thought. Maybe Sarah had said something that would ease my mind. “What else did Sarah tell you?” I asked kindly.
“The rest isn’t about that, not exactly. I’ll tell you after we find your proof,” she said.
I wanted to push it, but that look. That innocent, guilty look. I just couldn’t ask.
“Ok,” I replied. “Well, I suppose. Since you’re already here. You can sleep in my bed.” I said and grinned as I teased her, but she didn’t roll over. She didn’t turn to push her back against me, and she didn’t look at me with gratitude. This was a very different, very concerning look.
As the heat was building up in my lower extremities. I agonized over what she would say, but it was nowhere near what I had thought.
“Didn’t you enjoy my show last night?” she asked and bit her bottom lip.
“What?” I asked as my mind raced. Show? She had known I was awake the whole time?!
“My show. Did you like it?” She waited, but it was clear that my mind was frozen, so she explained. “You will never touch me without your proof, and you needed something…so…I did it for you,” she said, and her look turned more womanly. I couldn’t breathe, I couldn’t think. She was saying the things I had wanted to hear.
She was empathic. She could sense my feelings. Had she known the whole time?
“I…,” I stuttered. I wasn’t ready to admit this. Not yet.
“I’ve known about our…connection…since that day with Sarah.” She looked perfectly content with this admission. “I could feel your attraction.” The way she looked when she said the word. She meant emotionally, but she also meant physically. I could tell by the way her eyes darted downward. She meant that she could feel the bulge in my pants as I hugged her until she went to sleep. And she didn’t mind?
“And that didn’t creep you out?” I asked. I had to ask.
I watched as she slid her hand down from mine to her thigh. She did it in a way that I would be unable to resist watching.
“It used to be enough to think about you. To remember how you felt from behind me. But, last night? I want that again,” she said and looked up into my eyes. I met her gaze, and out of the corner of my eye, I saw her hand slide her shirt up. The one that was clinging to her body, because it was my shirt. “Do you mind if…?”
Mind?! Is that a serious question?! It’s all I’ve thought about since it happened. It’s all I’ve dreamt about. Mind?! Hell no! I don’t mind!
I smiled, and she knew the answer. She gently closed her eyes, and her legs spread wider. I wanted to look down, to see what she was doing, but I couldn’t take my eyes off her face. And I was rewarded.
Her lips parted as a sigh left them. Then she spoke. I hadn’t expected her to speak.
“You still haven’t answered me. Did you like it?” she asked in a breathy voice.
“Yes,” I replied. I jumped in with both feet.
“Would you like to see all of me while I do it?” she asked, and her eyes opened to see my response.
“Yes,” I replied. I was all in now. Why be shy about it?
She leaned forward, so I helped her remove my shirt that she wore. When she leaned back, I could see everything. Every beautiful curve. Every soft gorgeous inch of her body.
“Am I pretty?” she asked and continued to stroke herself.
“You are beyond pretty,” I stated. “There’s no word for how amazing you look.”
Again I was rewarded as she bit her bottom lip, shut her eyes, and moaned.
“Do you tease yourself a lot?” I asked. Now that I was in the middle of it. What harm did it do to ask?
“Tease myself?” she asked, again annoying me by answering a question with a question. But tonight, the annoyance was more like foreplay. She just wanted me to say it out loud. She knew the answer, but she wanted to hear me say it.
“Going slow. Near the end. To make it last longer…until…,” I asked. I couldn’t believe how I was talking to her. It was exhilarating and freeing.
“Yes,” she replied. “When I feel it start. I slow down. Imagining that you are teasing me. I like it when you tease me.”
Holy shit! She imagines me teasing her?!
“Come closer. Press against me,” she ordered, and I obeyed.
I could feel my…excitement…begging to be released from my shorts. And I was certain she could as well.
“What should I do? Should I help?” I asked, staring at her hands. Her right was making small circular motions below while the left was squeezing her left breast. I could see the way her hips were pushing up and down. I really wanted them pushing up and down on me instead. But that was something we couldn’t do. Not yet.
“Take off your shorts,” she whispered and again, I obeyed. They were off in seconds.
Next, she grabbed my hand and slid it down her body, from her stomach to her thigh. Right beside where her fingers worked away diligently. As she brought her hand back up to her breast, she grazed her fingernails along me. The sensation was mind-blowing. Just the slightest brush of her nails sent me over the edge. What would it be like if she actually touched me there?
Somehow I knew what she wanted from me. It was her turn, not mine. The small brush was just a reminder that I would not be forgotten.
I trailed my fingernails across her bare thigh as her fingers picked up speed. Her sighs were not restrained tonight. Tonight we would be the ones making the neighbors uncomfortable.
“Yes,” she urged.
I couldn’t take it anymore. I slid down the bed and kissed her thigh. Right next to her fingers and they slowed. She was close. How had I known that she wanted me to kiss her there? Not that it mattered. I was glad I knew. The response told me to keep following my intuitions or whatever these feelings were.
“Yes,” she said louder.
Her fingers slowed almost to the point of not moving. Again I had an urge that didn’t seem to come from me.
“Should I finish?” I asked. My face in the perfect position.
She looked down at me, all woman now, and grinned.
“Please,” she said. “Very slowly.”
I gently removed her fingers and teased her with my tongue. As I did this, I slid my hands underneath her ass. One under each cheek. She was going nowhere. Not until I was done. One flick of my tongue, then another, seconds apart. I was rewarded with sighs like I’ve never heard from any woman.
“Yes, Ben. More,” she begged me.
I gently nestled my tongue between the folds then eased my lips to the spot I’d found and sucked.
“YES!” she cried and threw her head back. “Do that again!”
I could hear the shakiness in her voice. She was very close. But she liked teasing. Truthfully, so did I. When I was the one doing the teasing.
I flicked the spot with my tongue once, then twice, then waited. I wasn’t about to release her just yet. She’d have to beg for it. I wanted her to beg for it.
As I waited, the smell of her was driving me crazy. It was so intoxicating. I wanted to place my tongue between her once more, but she needed to beg for it first. I slid my face to the side and kissed her thigh. I wanted to lick her, to taste her, but she needed to beg first.
The groan of dissatisfaction nearly changed my mind, but then she finally gave in.
“Please, Ben. Please make me cum!” she begged.
Without wasting another second, my tongue was buried. I licked and sucked as I heard her high pitched moans become higher and more frequent.
“Yes!” she practically screamed. “Make me cum!” she urged me on.
I sucked harder, licked more intently. Then she grabbed the back of my head with her hands. I could feel her nails almost burying into my skin. She was ready. I sucked and tantalized with my tongue one more time. She gripped tighter, then all her muscles tensed. Her legs wrapped around my shoulders. As I looked up to see what kind of pleasure I was causing, I saw her shoulders pull forward, and she looked like she was holding on for dear life. Her face caught in a mix of torture and bliss. Her whole body shook as she held on with everything she had.
After what seemed like at least a minute of sheer bliss, she released me and fell back.
“Thank you,” she whispered, completely content.
I slid up beside her and brushed the wisp of hair from her face to be rewarded one more time. This time with a caring smile.
“That…,’ she said, then swallowed. Her was mouth dry from screaming. “That was better than I imagined.”
“Imagined?” I asked, teasing her.
“I’ve been having wet dreams about you since I was old enough to know what wet dreams were,” she said with such conviction and innocence.
She glanced down at my manhood, still at full attention and grinned.
“I guess it’s your turn,” she said with a smirk.
Strangely, as excited as I was, it was almost a disappointment. Did I really want this to be over so soon? If her fingernails were any indication, it would last all of five seconds. It wasn’t like having sex. It would be over after the first orgasm. And we weren’t going to have sex tonight. Not until I knew for certain. What we were doing was taboo, and I knew it, but it wasn’t sex.
“Go slowly, please,” I begged her as she pushed me onto my back and kissed her way downward.
“Oh. I’ll go slow. Remember how you made me beg for it?” she asked with a snicker and a glance that told me I was in trouble.
As she grabbed the shaft, she kissed it gently. The sensations nearly sent my eyes to the back of my head. How in the hell was I going to handle…?
“Holy Shit!” I exclaimed as she put her mouth around me. Just as quickly, she released me and took up a position between my legs. With a devious grin, she stared up.
“That good?” she asked with a laugh but didn’t wait for an answer.
I was in her mouth yet again and couldn’t even muster the brainpower to remember what she’d asked only seconds ago. Did I need to answer her? Did she expect an answer? What had she asked me?
As she stroked up and down, slowly teasing me. Putting me in her mouth slowly, then removing her lips from me, I could feel it starting. The blinding light was coming. I could feel it creeping up on me. This wouldn’t last much longer.
“I’m getting…,” I started to say, but she put me in her mouth again, and I forgot what words were. I forgot what thought was, the only thing in my mind was the feeling of her lips as they slid up and down. Ever so slowly. Ever so softly.
“I…,” I stuttered again and heard a giggle.
“Don’t worry,” she whispered. “I won’t make you beg. Torture? That’s another matter.”
Once again my vision blurred as I was in her mouth. The way she moved her tongue. The feel of her wet lips. It was all I could think about. It seemed to last for hours. She was going so slowly. So wonderfully and torturously slow. Then…when I thought I couldn’t take another second of it. My mind exploded. I couldn’t see anything. I couldn’t hear anything but the ringing. I couldn’t think. White. Everything was white.
The next thing I knew, she was on my chest, looking up at me. After a devious grin, she slid her hand across my chest, snuggled in and fell asleep.
We slept naked that night, her body pressed against mine. Apparently what I’d done for her had worn her out. I could feel her contentment even as she slept. I, on the other hand, laid under her for over an hour before I finally let sleep take me. Enjoying the closeness. I could never feel this close to anyone other than her, and I knew it.
If she was my blood sister, my life was over. I would never feel like this with anyone ever again. She couldn’t be my sister. It had to be true. It just had to be.
I had never imagined her like she had imagined me. I wouldn’t allow myself that. But she had. Strangely this didn’t seem bizarre. I wasn’t offended. I wasn’t sickened by her. It was comforting, truly, and honestly. I felt comfortable and happy knowing that she had imagined me doing those things to her.
I was in love with her, and even though the things she had thought about me should have felt wrong, they made me very happy.

Chapter 10
In the morning I woke to find Alex gone. As I began to panic and picture all the horrible things she must think about me, I heard the shower shut off.
“Morning, doofus,” she said, wrapped in a towel, seeming just like the Alex I’d woken up to every morning for the last five years.
“Morning,” I replied.
“Now don’t go getting all soft on me because of last night,” she said with a coy grin.
She seemed very comfortable about all of this. Why was this not weird for her?
“I can’t exactly call you a bed hog. You mostly slept on top of me,” I said, finally finding the barb that would let her know I was doing just fine.
“You do have a point,” she said and threw another grin my way.
Then she let the towel fall. I sat there, actually, I was laying down. But, I just stared. That beautiful body. How I wanted to touch it again. I wanted to make her scream in ecstasy. Like she had done last night, only more. I wanted to really tease her this time. I wanted her to beg for it even more than she had last night. I wanted to hear her call my name and beg me to push her over the edge. Then I wanted to do it again.
“No bright ideas over there,” she said as she leaned over and flipped her wet hair.
Bright? No, these ideas were very dark. Ideas that should have remained in the dark. Why had I let myself think this way? Why had I given in to her? I had to protect her from guys like me.
“And don’t start heading down that rabbit hole again either,” she said. Clearly she was reading my emotions again.
“I…,” I stuttered. I noticed how I do that a lot around Alex. More so lately.
“I’m just saying. Last night was…” I could see the inadvertent smile, even from behind. Her whole face practically lifted. “nice. But, until we know everything. Let’s just leave it how it was. Consensual and nice.”
I think my mouth was hanging open. You know those cartoon characters whose chin hits the floor. That’s how I’m imagined myself. Only it would hit my chest because I was lying down.
“But, you just let your towel fall,” I argued.
“I didn’t say forget about it,” she said with a smirk as she turned her head. Then she pulled up her underwear and turned to me again. My eyes couldn’t help themselves. I took in every inch of her perfect body. She only had panties on and didn’t seem the least bit embarrassed. “I will not be forgetting about that for a very, very long time.” The smile was less devious and more flirtatious as she finished the sentence.
After my reality check, courtesy of Alex, I showered and dressed. We had a big day ahead of us. One that could change our lives. And for better or for worse we needed to know, once and for all, if we were siblings.
It was a little after one AM by the time we reached the top of the building. The police department was below us. Being Asuune, climbing buildings is less about difficulty and more about how not to be seen doing it. But, that’s why we were running late. Every time we would start climbing, someone would walk through the alley. It was quite frustrating, to tell the truth, but we ended up reaching the top.
As we sat waiting for the guard to return inside. He had apparently come to the roof for a smoke. I felt like my guts were going to shake themselves out of my body. I had never been this nervous in all my life. The answers to everything that plagued my mind were behind that door and three stories down. Was I her biological brother? Or, could this ‘thing’ between us continue to grow?
Alex really was a genius. She’d known about our connection since she was fifteen, maybe longer. I had found out a week ago. Or, was it that I had never wanted to admit it. Had I known? Had I felt it all this time and pushed it away? This was torture.
We needed to wait until the man made it to the bottom of the stairs. I could hear him below us. He was chatting up a woman on the fourth floor. He had only made it down one flight of stairs, and he was in no hurry.
“We have time, so let’s talk,” Alex stated, turning and sitting against the exhaust vent.
“Talk about what?” I asked. My nerves making my voice sound weak.
“I can feel it,” she said, not explaining any further.
“Feel what? Are you cheating again?” I asked, feigning indignance. I wasn’t really angry. In fact, I was happy she was reading my emotions again. It left me with nowhere to hide. And I didn’t want to hide anymore.
“You’re fear. I can feel it. It will be ok.” Then she paused, and another thought came over her. “We’re not really the same. You know that right?” she asked with that ‘I know everything’ stare.
“I know, you told me,” I replied to placate her. But she knew what I was doing.
“Seriously, we’re very different. I can’t feel Asuune from a mile away like you can,” she said and laughed. “I feel emotions, mostly from you. But I can’t shut mine off.” Now she looked embarrassed or maybe sad.
“So, every feeling?” I asked, but it made sense.
“Don’t tell me you never noticed.” She looked sad again. “That look in my eye when I know you’re thinking about…” She looked down at my lap, and I felt horrified.
“I didn’t mean…,” I started
Now her face was full of guilt.
“It’s ok. I wanted you to think those things…sometimes…I was the reason,” she said and cringed. “I was sort of projecting my feelings onto you.”
“Like with the dreams?” I asked, hoping she would say yes. “When we were awake. You were showing me how you felt?” This made so much sense.
“Sorry,” she stated and cringed once more.
“If that’s the way you feel. I don’t mind if you share,” I said with a silly grin.
“Really?” she asked.
“Really,” I comforted. I really didn’t mind. Hell, it eased the guilt I’d been feeling for the last month, maybe two. And she’d been dealing with these feelings for five years? Man am I dense.
“I can read about anyone, but with you it’s different. You are the only one I can project my feelings to, and I don’t just read yours. I feel them. I feel exactly what you are feeling.” She still looked embarrassed and guilty. Why? I told her I didn’t mind.
“I really don’t mind,” I stated with urgency. She needed to quit feeling guilty. I wanted this.
“I know why too,” she explained, staring at her shoe. She pretended to pick something off of it, but I knew it was just her way of handling stress. “When you went to the bathroom. Back when we met Sarah.” She paused again. “She told me something else that she didn’t tell you.”
“What?” I asked.
What could Sarah possibly have told her that would make Alex act like this?
“You see,” she started and lifted her hand to explain. I knew it was bad. Every time Alex uses her hands to explain, it is either horrible or just hard for her to admit. “Each Asuune has one perfect mate.”
“Oh?” I asked. This wasn’t so bad.
“And…you’re mine,” she said with a cringe.
“I’m your what?” I asked, a little loudly.
She laughed. Her apprehension seemed to be eased by my silly response.
“You’re my one,” she said more confidently. “So, you see…it doesn’t matter what that piece of paper down there says. After what we did last night…” she looked at her shoe again. “It’s over for me.”
“Over?” I asked. This seemed serious. Why hadn’t she brought this up before?
“I seriously didn’t expect last night to happen like that.” She shrugged then looked off in the distance. “But once I was in the moment, I couldn’t stop myself.”
“So, what does this mean for us? Do you have to leave?” I asked, afraid of the answer. Was she going to be forced to leave me? Why? She said the paper didn’t matter. What did she mean by over? My fear rose sharply. I couldn’t lose Alex. I’d never do that again if she would just stay. I’d be the good brother if that’s what it took to keep her here. As much as I had been certain that I’d leave to protect her. Now, I wanted her to stay. I’d do anything…just as long as she stayed.
Before she could speak, I blurted out my darkest fears.
“I’ll never do that again. Please, Alex. Please don’t leave me,” I said, almost crying. Yes, a grown man crying, deal with it.
“I think you’ve got the wrong idea about what this all means,” she said with a smile that melted my fear. “Never doing that again would be about the worst thing possible. We’re bonded now.”
“Bonded?” I asked, still feeling like I walked into an advanced physics class, and I was asked to give a lecture on particles and gravity and stuff.
“When an Asuune finds her one.” She pointed to herself. “And that Asuune.” She patted herself on the chest. I knew who she was talking about. I didn’t need the instructional hand gestures. I’m dumb, I’m not an idiot. “To use a word you’re fond of. What we did last night was technically sex.”
I laughed. I do use that word a lot. Not sure why. I just like the word technically, I guess.
“And once an Asuune has sex with her one. She can’t stop having sex with him…or her.”
“What happens if she stops?” I asked. This seemed very important, and I wasn’t sure why.
“If we find out that we’re siblings and you want us to go our separate ways then I’ll abide by your wishes,” she said, completely avoiding the question.
“No. That’s not what I asked. What will happen to you if we don’t have sex again?” This time I asked more directly. There was no room for confusion.
She looked at her shoes again and didn’t answer.
“Something bad will happen. Won’t it?” I asked. I could almost sense the outcome. But I needed her to say it.
You know. Her being empathic did make much more sense. I only ever felt her emotions, and only when she wanted me to. And maybe when I was shutting mine off, what I was really doing was ignoring her. This revelation made something inside me hurt. Physically it hurt. I felt horrible. I would never ignore her. Not Alex. Never Alex.
“I’ll die,” she replied with a sadness I hadn’t seen in her for a long time. Not since the day we buried dad.
“You’ll die?” I asked to clarify. “Like really die?”
“Yes,” she replied. I could see the tears in her eyes. I felt like crying before. She was actually going to cry.
“You know what?” I asked with a silly grin. “I don’t care what that silly piece of paper says anymore.”
“But…,” she argued.
“But what? If we’re siblings, we’re siblings. I’m not going to let you die.” I had it set in my mind that not knowing was better than finding out that we were blood relatives. If we never found out, we could just keep doing things like last night. Of course, Alex was smarter than I was. She always is.
“But if we’re not siblings…,” she said and a crafty, sensual grin formed on her face. “We could do more.”
“Well, then,” I said with a laugh as I stood. I didn’t even have to think about that one. “Let’s get that piece of paper.”
As my silly gesture made Alex laugh, I turned to the door. I felt invincible. I felt powerful. And I was very sure of myself. Perhaps that was why I didn’t notice him lift her off the ground. When I turned to see her smiling face, I instead saw the terror in her eyes and…my father holding her up by the throat.
“Let her go!” I shouted.
“You shouldn’t have run off,” he sneered at her. In his hand was a flaming sword. He sneered at her but pointed the sword at me.
“Take me instead!” I shouted, not really thinking it through. That would kill her as well. If we were separated, she would die. Either way, she would die.
“Why would I want you? You’re a pathetic little, weak Asuune. You run and hide at the mention of my name. What use could I possibly have for you?” he spat, then turned back to Alex.
“But you…,” he said with a grin that looked evil, almost predatory. “You will make a fine mother to my child.”
“But she’s your daughter?” I asked. I tell you, I’m not the brightest sometimes. I’m sure Alex caught the hint right away, but not dumb old me.
“You pathetic imbecile. She’s not my daughter. You’ve been keeping her for me until she was ripe. Like a farmer watches over a delectable piece of fruit until the owner comes to claim it.”
The way he looked at my Alex disgusted me. He was going to rape her and impregnate her. I had heard that the fallen angels were without conscience, but this? Raising a child as your own, only to rape her when she was old enough? This was a new kind of evil that I wanted no part of. Something inside me welled up. If she was going to die, so was I.
“We’re bonded!” I shouted. Then my fearful side came rushing back to me, and I backed away.
“You’re what?!” my father said and tossed Alex to the ground. He came at me full of fury, but suddenly my fear washed away. I stood my ground yet again. Alex needed me. And just like I had that first night, I stood my ground.
Only this time, it was no mistake. This is what I should have done back then. I should have yelled. I should have screamed. I should have died for Alex that day. Now was my chance to make up for it.
“We had sex. And I’m her one. If you take her from me, she’ll die!” I said, pulling courage from nowhere. I stood taller and watched as the flaming blade came within inches of my neck.
“You’re telling the truth,” he said in disbelief. Then a hateful laugh came from my father’s lips. He bellowed and nearly fell against the exhaust pipe behind him. “You? The coward? I can hardly believe it. Oh, I underestimated you, son. Sleeping with the woman you thought was your sister? I didn’t think you had it in you.”
Then, as I was feeling relieved, my fear rose once more. He pulled back the blade and strode toward Alex.
“I guess I don’t need either of you anymore,” he stated.
As I was about to rush to Alex, I noticed a blur move between my father and her. The woman moved so fast that I don’t even think my father noticed her until the blur solidified, and Sarah stood before him.
“I’d rethink that, Dagon,” she stated. “Do you know whose daughter this is?”
“I don’t care,” he balked and backhanded her. Sarah was thrown across the roof. “Whoever he is, he’ll make more.”
I rushed at him, not caring about my fear anymore. If he was going to kill Alex, he’d have to kill me first.
I didn’t even make it to him. He heard me or felt me or something. Either way, he spun and slapped me to the side before I even touched him. Then he laughed as I smashed into the brick doorway leading inside.
My distraction allowed Sarah to recover. She was in front of him before he had the sword pulled all the way back. Dagon stopped again. Why did he look so worried about striking Sarah down? He would hit her, sure. But he dared not kill her. Why? Why was she so frightening? Or rather, why was her death so frightening? She clearly didn’t scare him. One slap and she was out of his way.
“Kill me then,” Sarah said with a grin. “I’m not leaving.”
Dagon backed down. As he walked away, he laughed.
“I’m not stupid, Ceralin. Lord Lucifer would kill me long before your husband picks up Michael’s sword. I wouldn’t even get to see the apocalypse he would bring. Not that I would want to.” He paced, assessing his options. “I’ll just come back another time,” he said with an evil smile. “You can’t watch over them forever.”
“Look at her face. You’ll recognize it,” Sarah taunted.
Dagon pushed Sarah out of the way and looked deeply into Alex’s eyes while I just stood there, useless. It hurt everywhere. I’m an Asuune, but being smashed into a brick doorway still hurts. And I think I might have broken a few bones. They would heal, but it hurt enough to keep me from getting to my feet.
“That can’t be,” he said and took a step back. He leaned in for one more look, surveying he whole face. “He would never.”
“Do you really want to kill his only child?” Sarah taunted. “You’re pretty tough. Could kick my ass, if it came down to it. But can you beat him?”
“She…she can’t be his.” Dagon, my father, looked scared. Whoever Alex’s father was, really scared mine. He didn’t even want to believe it was true.
“You know how his first sons got a gift?” Sarah asked vaguely.
What did she mean by his first sons? We’re talking about angels here. Did she mean the big guy? Did she mean God? God’s first sons? The archangels? Then she went on.
“He never chose his gift,” Sarah stated. She was still being vague, but the word ‘he’ wasn’t emphasized. He, in this case, meant Alex’s father. Holy shit! Was Alex’s father an archangel? I mean Dagon is scary but an archangel? Holy Shit!
“Yes, but this? Her?” Dagon spat, he didn’t want to believe it.
“It’s what he always wanted. Lucifer squandered his gift. Michael embraced his. He…waited. He waited until he was certain that she would be happy. Until the perfect man was born for her.” Sarah explained.
“But…he would never get to be with her. Why? And my son is the perfect man for her?” Dagon asked, disgusted by me.
“He knew he could never be by her side. So, he waited until a man like himself was born. One who could be everything to her. One who would do anything for her. One that would even give up his life if he thought it would make her happy.” Sarah stared at me, and I felt very small, grateful, but very small. I was her perfect man? How? Why?
Then Sarah went on.
“No, her father can never be with her.” Sarah looked at Alex, and they seemed to share a knowing look. “But he did get to visit her once. With his limited time on Earth. It was enough.”
These words made Alex smile. And she looked completely happy. This time I wasn’t jealous. That smile was different than the one she gave me. That smile belonged to her father, her real father. My smile was very different.
“Fine. Live your pathetic lives,” Dagon relented. “But never get in my way.”
“And, Dagon?” Sarah asked with an evil grin. “Never get in their way either. One dies, they both die. Your brother would be very upset about that.”
“Fine!” Dagon shouted, then jumped off the building. And before I could get over to Alex, both Sarah and Dagon were gone.
“Are you ok?” I asked. It’s a stupid thing to ask someone. But we all ask it. It’s like saying hello. It’s expected.
“Yeah, I’m fine,” she replied as I helped her to her feet. “I guess we’re not siblings.” She laughed and patted my chest.
“But. If your father is my father’s brother. Doesn’t that make us cousins?” I asked, and we were back in the murky water again. But that is my life. Pain and anguish.
“No,” she said with a laugh. “Angels aren’t born. They’re made. Brother is a generic term when you talk about angels. They are not related at all.”
“Oh, good,” I sighed. Feeling like a huge weight had been put on me, then removed.
“So…,” she started and cringed.
“So, your dad?” I asked, assuming that was what she wanted to talk about.
“That’s not what I was going to say, but…I guess I should tell you,” she replied.
We crawled down the fire escape and started down the street before she found the right words.
“That man, Gabe,” she said, and I didn’t need the rest this time. I’m dumb. I’ll admit that. But no one could miss this one. Not even me.
“Gabriel is your father?!” I asked. “You knew we weren’t siblings this whole time!”
“Maybe?” She cringed in her cute way, and I couldn’t even be mad.
“Why all this?” I asked motioning to the situation.
“Sarah said it would put your mind at ease,” Alex explained.
“All of that to put my mind at ease?” I asked with shock.
“No. Dagon and the rooftop. That wasn’t supposed to happen. We were supposed to sneak in and steal the paper that proved I wasn’t your sister. Dagon was supposed to stay in Texas. It did work out better though.”
“I guess. If you consider us both almost dying better,” I said with a laugh.
“He’ll never bother us again. We’re free,” Alex said. Always seeing the things I miss. Why did I expect anything less?
She grinned at me, and I knew she still had something to say.
“Before I interrupted you, you wanted to say something?” I asked.
“So…,” she said and again cringed. This must be bad.
“So?” I asked, this time letting her finish.
“I gave you what you needed for the last few years. It’s time for what I need,” she said, looking at me, and the guilty cringe grew.
This looked pretty bad. Like, I need to borrow a thousand dollars, and I don’t know when I'll repay you, bad. I was almost afraid to ask, but she had given me so much. How could I say no to whatever she wanted?
“What do you need, Alex. Anything,” I stated. There was no way I would deny her. If she wanted me to use my abilities to rob a bank, that’s what I'd do for her.
She looked down at her feet then looked up at me, but only with her eyes. It was one of those stares that a girl does well, but a woman does perfectly. I was starting to get the idea that her request had nothing to do with robbing a bank, and I had a pretty good idea now.
“I’m not a little girl anymore,” she said, not ready to ask.
“I know,” I replied. Ok, perhaps I hadn’t really accepted it until the last few days, but I did know now. What could she possibly want that would be this bad?
“More?” was all she asked. And even I’m not that dumb, but it wasn’t exactly what I wanted.
“More sounds good…,” I said, but let it hang, so she knew there was more to it.
“But?” she asked.
“You think we could do that thing first?” I asked, hoping she’d agree.
“Which part?” she asked slyly.
“You’re part. Not mine,” I replied.
“Why is that?” she asked and her seductively sweet grin told me that she already knew.
She could read my emotions. Did she really need me to say it? I guess she did.
“I like teasing you. Bringing you to the edge then…making you wait,” I explained.
This seemed to satisfy her. Actually, it seemed to excite her. She pulled me along. Because, apparently, she had meant right now. As soon as we could get back to the motel. And I was more than happy to follow her. I’d follow her anywhere.
As we ran along, I felt guilt rising again. When we saw the hotel come into view, I slowed, and she sensed my guilt.
“What is it?” she asked, slowing with me.
“I…there’s something…,” I stammered.
“Just say it. No more hiding. No more secrets. Just tell me.” She looked at me with that sweet look, and I felt… You know how I don’t like to use this word lightly. But I really felt it. I felt peace.
“I’m in love with you, Alex. I think I have been for a long time now. I just couldn’t admit it,” I said, pouring my heart out. I expected shock and amazement. Maybe a loving stare. What I got was...
“Why do you think I did all this?” She winked at me. Then she laughed and pulled me toward the hotel.
She didn’t say it back, she didn’t have to. I felt her emotions as she pushed them at me. I felt everything she was feeling, and I understood. She had been in love with me for years. She had just been holding back, denying herself what she wanted the most until I was finally ready to love her the way she loved me.

And that is the story of how I didn’t save the world.
I didn’t even save the girl.
She saved me.

Then end.

Although this book is not part of a series, some of my other work is similar to this one. The Asuune series and Demonic Temptations happen in the same universe as this short story. And The 21st Curse is very similar in style and content, but a full story. You can read more about them below.

If you enjoy my work, please leave me a review. Indie authors, like myself, need reviews to keep doing what we do. I appreciate the feedback and enjoy hearing from my readers, whether it be compliments, suggestions, or criticisms.
Want to know when my new books are coming out? Sign up for my mailing list to receive a head’s up when my books will go live.
I'm looking for a few reviewers.
Interested in receiving free books for an honest review with no commitment? You will receive copies of my new books for free but only review the ones you want to review. If this sounds like something, you would be interested in sign up for my mailing list and enter REVIEW as your name.
You can also check me out on twitter @StevenSterupJr or on my website at www.StevenSterupJr.com.

The 21st Curse Collection
The 21st Curse is not a standard series, but rather a collection of stories about werewolves and witches.
The lives of witches and werewolves are entwined in an age old curse. The witches need the werewolves to protect them and the werewolves need witches to salvage their sanity.
A book handed down for generations spells out the terms of their contract in a way that none with the curse can deny.
At the twenty-first hour on the twenty-first day of the twenty-first year, a child will become a beast. Such is the legend that is handed down, mother to son and father to daughter. On that fateful day, a choice must be made. One of consequence and importance. For on that day, a child who has transformed must choose between the evil of the curse and the responsibility of protecting their chosen. For no creature is as feared as the werewolf. A creature without conscience nor fear. It will feed on whoever is unlucky enough to cross its path or protect its charge until it ceases to draw breath.


The 21st Curse Book 1

Asuune Series
Angels and vampires are real. In the world of the Asuune, half angel and half human, there is a secret war that has been going on for as long as man has walked the earth. Unbeknownst to Kathrine, her father is one of the war's soldiers, but what is even more surprising is that she is the war's only hope. Follow the life of Kathrine Albet and her father, Mark, as they fight the evil of fallen angels and vampires to save humanity. It would all be much easier if each Asuune didn't have one true love they couldn't ignore. Fighting the forces of evil may be hard, but resisting your true love is all but impossible.

  
Curse of the Asuune Book 1
Deception of the Asuune Book 2 (Conclusion)

Demonic Temptations
Samantha Lujuria is a therapist who specializes in disorders she calls Demonic Temptations. The desires that everyone harbors that are so distasteful or embarrassing that we can't even admit them to ourselves. Follow her as she tries to use her expertise to help half-demon offspring. Because for a demon, love is the biggest taboo of them all.
Set in the world of the Asuune several years after the events of Deception of the Asuune. Join Samantha as she gets help from many of your favorite characters from the Asuune series in her quest to keep half-demon offspring from destroying their lives as well as the people around them.


Demonic Temptations - Incubus Tormented Book 1

MOUS Investigations Series
Cassy Mousman and Zach Nielson each grew up with their adoptive parents, knowing nothing about each other nor why, as adults, they are inexplicably linked. The murder of Cassy’s father causes her to trick Zach into becoming her unwitting partner in her search to find out what they really are. She knows they are not human, but nothing in her father’s books can explain her unusual abilities nor why countless orphans were deposited on human doorsteps the same day she was.
Perhaps with Zach’s help, she can finally discover what they really are and why everything seems to revolve around the unassuming accountant, Zach. In the meantime, all she can do is help the supernaturals like her father had and piece together the clues to this puzzle.

    
  
Case of the Docile Dhampir Book 1
The Ghoul from Galveston Book 2
Deceptive Dragons and Duplicitous Sisters Book 3
A Wendigo in Wisconsin Book 4
Ogres in Oakland, Oh My! Book 5

Lascaria Series
In the world of Lascaria, the evil king Lascar rules his kingdom through fear and intimidation. His magic is without equal. The worst part is that he grows stronger every year. No one can stand up to a man that is over 1,000 years old until his grandson Dhrel is born. Explore the world of Lascaria alongside Dhrel as he works to become the man everyone thinks he is.

    
  

Lascaria - Evil Reborn Book 1
Lascaria – Sins of the Ancestors Book 2
Lascaria – The Prisoner Queen Book 3
Lascaria – The Legend of Lascar Book 4
Lascaria – The Shadow King Book 5 (Conclusion)

Morven’s Legacy
Evil demons are trying to make their way into the world, and only the descendants of Morven have a chance at stopping them.
Christopher Morven is over three hundred years old and tired of fighting to keep the demons at bay. The magic that kept him alive has taken its toll, but finally, after all these years, he sees hope in his two granddaughters. They aren't ready, but they are very powerful. If anyone can bring this to an end, it will be them. They can succeed where he has failed, but they will need help.

  
The Fire Maiden’s Desire
To Seduce a Sorceress

Raven
Fawn, although most people know her by her code name Raven, is one of the best assassins in the world. When she takes on a very lucrative job to kidnap, then kill the prince, she realizes that the bumbling fool isn’t the cruel womanizer she’s been led to believe. She thought assassins were deceptive, nobles and Royals are worse. Can she find her way through this web of lies before it is too late? Despite his roguish charm and possible innocence, she has a job to do, and Raven always kills her mark.

  

Raven’s Embrace Book 1
Raven’s Gamble Book 2 (Conclusion)

The Order of Human Purity
The books in this category are not intended as a series. They are grouped together because they all happen within the same universe where The Order of Human Purity (known simply as 'The Order') is trying to rid the world of monsters.
They are written with the intention of making them similar but completely separate stories. There are no cliffhangers or continuations. The only things these books have in common are the world they take place in, The Order and the mischievous, immortal wraith Miraven who is neither good nor evil. She is simply bored of her immortal life and to spice things up she likes to toy with the lives of others, or so she would have everyone believe.

  
Kiss of the Lamia Book 1
Werewolf Bane Book 2


The Alpha Predator

When Adam Lance witnesses the attempted murder of a man, he becomes the only known witness to a serial killer who has gone unchecked for nearly five years. Special Detective Cheryl Torren soon realizes that Adam might be the one person who can help her catch the killer. With Adam's help, Cheryl finds out that the person they are hunting isn't a serial killer after all. The killer is a vigilante who only targets predators and soon gains the nickname 'The Alpha Predator'. Despite Adam's reluctance to catch this killer, it's still their job, and with his help, Cheryl might finally put an end to the killing spree, that is, if the killer doesn't find them first.


Auctor – Vengeful Intent

Disclaimer: This book contains a considerable amount of violence and dark emotions.
When Kaya Nichols' step-sister turns up dead, the apparent victim of a mugging, Kaya leaves behind her job as a foreign journalist to find out what really happened to her step-sister. At least that is the job everyone thinks she has. In reality, she is a fixer for a variety of powerful European mobs.
The men who killed her step-sister, Trish, think they've handled the problem until Kaya arrives back in the United States for her sister's funeral. Kaya isn't willing to let a single man responsible for her step-sister's death escape justice, even if it kills her in the process. She is a woman who has lost everything, so nothing matters other than revenge.
Explore the nightmare that has become Kaya's life as she tries to work through her anger and grief. And, as if, Trish's death wasn't enough. The man who ruined her life, her step-sister's husband, is a constant reminder of what she has lost and the secret she dares not tell anyone.


Immortal Consequences

When Kal Johnson, an immortal gargoyle, is attacked by an ancient vampire and framed for the murder of a human, his quiet life is thrown into chaos. But the universe, with its perverse sense of humor, has decided that now would be the perfect time for the punch line. Kal’s human wife, Brianna, has done the impossible. She is the first human in history to become pregnant with a gargoyle’s child.
This vampire is stronger and more cunning than any he has fought. The wife he adores and the child he never hoped for, give Kal something he has never had before, a weakness. Can Kal stop this ancient vampire before it takes everyone he loves? Taking his wife and child might accomplish what no vampire has ever been able to do. It might be enough to defeat the immortal Kal.




