
Never Again Goodbye
BY: Dacia Harrt
Smashwords Edition
*****

PUBLISHED BY
Dacia Harrt on Smashwords

Never Again Goodbye
Copyright © 2011 by Dacia Harrt

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

Anne wiped tears as they rolled down her face.  She wished more than anything that her husband could be here for this day.  His little girl was getting married.  Tom had been gone for three years now.  It was still hard to believe and impossible to accept.  Anne quickly pushed the thoughts from her mind.  Today was a day of laughter and joy not of sorrow and pain.  Anne looked up at her son and smiled then leaned in for a hug from her oldest daughter.
"I can't believe my little sister is getting married," Grace said shaking her head.
“I can't believe anyone would want to marry her," John said with a laugh.
"Now don't be mean."  Anne stated.  They watched Ellen walk down the aisle on the arm of her high school love.  The day passed in a blur of smiles and tears.
Anne returned home to an empty house.  She looked around and said, "now what?"  She walked over turned on the water pot went and checked her emails.  She picked up a cloth and started to dust.  "I cannot do this every day for the rest of my life.  I need something more," she mumbled in frustration.  "Maybe I should take an Alaskan cruise.  Tom and I always said we would and never got to it.  Maybe I should travel.  Hit all the States just to say I did."  She gave a quick laugh her laughter breaking the silence in the room.  "That is what I will do.  I will travel."  She said with conviction and threw down the dust cloth.
Anne pulled into the parking lot at exactly 11:45.  She had driven From Virginia to New Hampshire to have lunch with an old friend.  Then travel around the State, spend some time reconnecting with a place she loved.  Climbing out of the car, she looked around.  Remembering the years and years, she and her husband had lived in this small City.  Pain caught in her throat as she stood there.
They had loved this State.  Both she and Tom had lived here all their lives.  Their children were born in this City two of them graduated from the local high school.  The same one their father had so many years ago.
Moving had been such a tough decision leaving with a mix of sadness and excitement.  They were ready to start an adventure.  There was a new job for Tom and different school for their youngest daughter.
Part of the excitement came from the fact that their oldest daughter had moved to Virginia for college and had stayed and made a life there for herself.  The joy of being closer to Grace and her growing family added to their decision to take the job.
Though the joy in moving was short lived.  Less than a year after they had moved Anne lost Tom in a car accident.  Going from day to day without him had been difficult on both her and Ellen.  He had been a constant in the house and the love of her life.
She stood tears in her eyes looking at a place so filled with him. His smile and laughter echoing at every turn memories of him and the life they had shared filled her heart with laughter and pain.  Her eyes closed breathing in the scents and hearing the sounds that were unique to this area.  She could almost see him.  It felt like she could reach out and touch him again.
They had been married for twenty-five years.  It was gone taken away in an instant.  She got the phone call early one morning that changed her life and world forever.  Tom died in an accident on his way to work.  A distracted driver had crossed the yellow line.  There was no time to react or avoid the collision.
Standing silent in this place, she could feel him.  Hear the memories echoing in her mind, she took comfort and strength from that.  Closing her eyes, she smiled knowing no one could ever take away the memories.  In a way, Tom would always be close and that lightened her heavy heart.
Anne smiled thinking how much had changed since she lost Tom.  Grace had two children now and John and his wife were expecting their first.  She wished again that Tom was here.  She knew he would have loved being a grandfather.  It was hard to accept how fast life can change and how much of an impact the loss of a loved on could have on everyday life.  Even now, traveling without him so was difficult.  The drive up to New Hampshire had been exhausting to Anne.  Beyond that she had no one to share things with.  She now walked alone in this world, and that was hard to take.
Anne wiped her tears and gathered her thoughts.  She took one last look around and shook her head.  She had to stop feeling sorry for herself.  She had a great life and had the chance to love a wonderful man if only for a short time.  That man had also blessed her with three children.  She smiled to herself and turned to see Kelly coming across the parking lot toward her.  “Hi,” she called out.  She put a bright smile on her face and embraced Kelly.
 “How was your drive?" Kelly asked studying her, “you look tired.”
Anne laughed, "tired.  I went from the house to the New York, New Jersey border and stopped for the night.”  Anne shook her head, “you know you are getting old when a trip you used to make in one day takes two.”
Kelly laughed with her, “yes, but it was a safe trip.  That is all that matters.” She and Anne walked arm and arm into the restaurant.  “So how have you been?”  Kelly asked as they slid into the booth.
“Good I have been keeping busy.” Anne told her as she briefly looked out the window.  “We had Ellen’s wedding last week.  I am sorry you could not join us.”
“So was I.  Work has been very busy.  I have reached my boiling point and am taking the next two weeks off.  We are going to take a much-needed trip.  I am not sure yet where we are going.  I don’t care as long as I don’t have to work," Kelly said as she looked at the menu.
"I can understand that one,” Anne said as a waiter appeared.
“Where are Ellen and Matt going on their honeymoon?”
“Matt has family in California, he has not seen in a while.  Matt’s uncle is going to let them use his place by the ocean for two weeks.”
The waiter appeared with their drinks and took their order.  As the waiter left, Kelly's phone rang, she excused herself and went outside.
Anne looked around the restaurant again lost in the past of sights and sounds.  Remembering the days when she and her family would come here and eat.  As she slowly looked around the room, she froze when she found herself looking into the eyes of another.
She was held mesmerized by the deepest bluest eyes she had ever seen.  To her mind, the eyes seemed timeless, ageless.  It felt like those eyes could see into her soul read her heart and mind.  That they knew and understood all too well the passage of time and how quickly fleeting it was.
She looked without seeing the person just felt the understanding the compassion.  There was another message in the eyes one she felt she should know.  A look she had seen before but in the eyes of a Stranger, she could not read it.
She sat just looking into the eyes.  She was unaware of anything around her felt no one moving did not feel the passage of time.  Anne was so absorbed in the deep eyes the world around her ceased to exist.
She was jolted out of her dazed state when she heard Kelly's voice, “sorry that was work."
"That is fine," Anne said, as she turned away from the eyes that had held her.  She did not know how long she had sat there and just looked, feeling a connection to someone.  A feeling she had not felt in a long time.
She and Kelly caught up on old memories and everyday life.  Almost forgetting to eat as they talked away the afternoon.
"My goodness,” said Kelly, as she looked at her watch.  "It is Three O’clock."
"Oh," Anne exclaimed as she dug for her wallet.  “I need to get going.  I still have over an hour drive to get up to my hotel.  I am going to spend a few weeks traveling up north.  I should come back through this way.  We could meet again when you get back from vacation.  I could give you a call."
"Sure,” Kelly said as she stood up.
"I am going to go wash my hands before I leave so I will say bye now so you can go."  Anne said as she hugged her friend.
Anne rushed to the bathroom and quickly washed and rushed out.  She did not look where she was going and crashed into a solid body.  An arm suddenly shot out and wrapped around her to ensure she did not fall over.  Her heart was pounding as she looked up and again found herself looking into blue eyes.  After a moment, she tried to step back but the arm wrapped around her held her in place.
She could feel panic starting to rise as she realized the man held her tightly to him.  It did not bother her for the first moment when she thought she would fall from the impact.  Now she could feel him.  She was standing pressed very intimately into him.  A position she had not been in for quite some time.  One she had never been in with a stranger.
Anne did not know how long she stood in front of the big man.  The position they were in would have caught the attention of half the restaurant by now.  He had one of his legs between her thighs.  His arms around her while she held onto him leaning back looking up at him.  She could feel the sexual tension between them.  A connection that went beyond the physical one that she was sure sizzled in the air.
Anne looked down at the chest in front of her and tried to calm her racing mind.  They were in a public place with several people eating around them.  Here they stood looking like they were about ready to make love.
“I am sorry,” she said breathless as she looked up at him.
"No problem,” the man said smiling down at her.  "Actually I was hoping to run into you.  I guess my timing is better than I thought."
Anne pushed ineffectively at the male chest in front of her.  The words he had spoken not registering as she struggled against him.
"Do you mind,” she finally asked him.
"Not at all," he replied."  As I said I was hoping to run into you."
"What," Anne asked and looked again into his eyes.  "Please let me go.  I have a long drive and need to go.  I am sorry for running into you.  I promise next time to watch where I am going.  Now please let go."  Anne pushed at his chest again and this time he dropped his arm and took a step back.
"Apology accepted,” he said as he looked down at her.
"Thank you,” Anne said as she walked around him, "goodbye."
Anne rushed toward the door in a hurry to get back on the road.  She did not hear the voice behind her that said, "not goodbye never again goodbye."
Anne drove north on Route 16 for another hour before stopping to get a coffee.  She pulled into the lot and leaned over to grab her purse off the floor.  She jumped when her car door suddenly opened.
"Allow me,” said the same voice she heard only an hour earlier.
Panic crept into Anne as she leaned back and looked up at the big man holding the door.  Anne sat unmoving looking at the stranger.  She would guess he was six four about two twenty five.  He was wearing a gray tee shirt that made his muscles stand out.  She briefly wondered why she did not realize when he was holding her how well muscled he was.  His hair was dark brown mixed with a little gray.  She guessed he was in his early fifties.  His features were rugged and handsome.  His blue eyes seemed bottomless and drew her in.
He had stepped back away from the open door, as if he suddenly realized he scared her.  She thought he was trying to appear less intimidating as if that were possible.  Anne sat a moment longer knowing she could not just pull the door shut and leave.  She did not have a rude bone in her body. To Anne slamming the door in even a stranger’s face would be wrong.
Clutching her purse, she got out of the car.  With the help of her heels straightened to an intimidating, five foot four.  Looking way up into his eyes, she spoke with a firm voice.  "Are you following me?" she questioned him.
"Yes, ma'am I certainly am," he stated plainly.
Anne was taken aback, "you can't be that bored," she blurted.
"No, you are that beautiful."
She looked at him, as if he were crazy for but a moment.  Anne scoffed rolled her eyes and walked off leaving him holding her open door.  She marched toward the coffee shop without looking back.  She did not care if he closed the stupid door or not.  What is wrong with that man?  Beautiful what a laugh I am just a Plain Jane can blend into any crowd.  The man must be drunk.  I will have to avoid him.
"Hi," Anne said to the worker behind the counter, "could I have a large ice coffee, with cream and sugar please."
"Will there be anything else?"  The girl asked.
Anne started to say 'no' when a voice behind her said, "large black coffee."
Anne jumped at the voice and turned around to find the man behind her again.  He looked down on her as he reached in his back pocket and removed his wallet.  "You know," he said as he pulled out a ten.  "You really should not leave your car door open.  Someone could steal your car or just take stuff out of it."
"Are you serious," she asked him
He thanked the girl and put away his change and wallet.  "Sure I know this is a quaint, beautiful," he paused and gave her a long look, "town, but you never know who you might run into." 
 Anne stood in front of him just shaking her head as she looked at him.  This was unbelievable.  He was acting as if she had just gotten out of the vehicle and walked off.  He stood before her pretending he had no part in her rapid departure.
She opened her mouth to rebut him when he held out her drink.
"For you," he said.
Anne looked down at the ice coffee, she held remembering that he had bought it.  "Thank you," she said as she took it from him careful not to touch his hand.  She set it on the counter and took out her wallet.  "Let me pay you for it," she said as she opened her wallet.  He placed his hand over hers.  She looked up into his eyes, her breath caught.  The room seemed to spin as time and place disappeared.  "How long will you make me wait for you?"  She heard his voice ask.
Anne continued to look up at him and heard the words.  The man standing in front of her suddenly looked different.  Before her stood, an old man in his early eighties it was strange she thought he did not look frail and weak.  He looked as he did now only gray with wrinkles and age spots.  She reached a hand up and touched his face.  She could not feel the wrinkles she had seen.  His skin felt as smooth and perfect as it had been moments before.
She drew in a sharp breath and quickly pulled her hand back as the man changed again. He was no longer old and gray now he was as he had been.  He stood a man in his early fifties tall and strong his eyes looking deeply into hers.  "Tell me, how long?"  She saw his eyes change.  They seemed to plead with her looking somehow sad and tired.  "I have waited lifetimes for you.  When will you never again say goodbye?"
Anne pulled back dragging in deep breaths as the images passed.
"Are you all right?"  The man asked with genuine concern.  "Are you dizzy, do you want to sit down?"
Anne looked at him and took several deep breaths as she tried to relax.  "No I am fine.” she said her breathing almost back to normal.  What was that?  Her mind raced it looked and felt so real.  He was as he is now then suddenly an old man.  Though his lips did not move, he spoke to her.  Asking her, ‘how long will you make me wait for you?’  This is just too strange.
Anne gave a hesitant smile, "I am sorry.  Too many hours on the road I think."
"You're sure you are okay?"  He asked again giving her a long look.
Anne looked up at him and smiled, "I'm fine really. Thank you for the drink."  She said as she turned away and grabbed a straw.  She looked back and saw him giving her a quizzical look.  He stood unmoving as she smiled once more and turned and headed for the door.
Anne kept her breathing, slow and normal as she crossed the parking lot.  She avoided thinking about what she had just seen and heard.  Automatically hitting the unlock button on her key ring.  She went to open the door.
"Allow me,” the man said as he reached around her.
Anne froze and drew in several slow deep breaths as he again opened her door.
"I am really concerned about you.  Are you sure you are all right?" He asked again from behind her.
She slowly turned and looked at him with a bright smile plastered on her face.  "I am fine like I said too many hours on the road."
"I am not sure about that one,” he said looking skeptically at her. "You seemed more like you had seen a ghost."
"A ghost?”  Anne gave a short laugh, "I don't believe in ghosts. Like I said I am just a little road weary."
"Are you afraid to tell me what is wrong," he asked.
Silence followed his question.  Anne stood for a moment feeling the warm sun on her face and the gentle breeze that had picked up stirring her long hair.  She held her breath as she watched the man raise a hand toward her.  The wind had blown her hair across her face.  Reaching out with a gentle touch, he tucked it behind her left ear.  His hand stroked gently along her face.
Anne looked up into his eyes as he moved her hair.  He stood unchanging.  Looking as the man he had been.  He was still a handsome man of about fifty.  She could not help but think that he looked somewhat out of place here.  She slowly drew in a breath.  Watching as the man lowered his head.  Her eyes drawn to his lips as they slowly got closer.
She jumped as a horn blared on the main road.
"Timing” the man said as he dropped his hand and shook his head.
"Hi," he said and held his hand out to her, "my name is Ben."
Anne stood there a moment looking at his hand reasoning as to whether or not she should touch him.  Well, when he touched me in the coffee shop, he changed.  Although when he just touched my face, he stayed the same.  So maybe he will not change if I touch him.  Perhaps he will stay is he is now.  If he does change, I have seen it once and know what to expect.  I will prepare for that and not react.  She took a deep breath and took his hand.  Looking up into his face, she held for a moment waiting to see if he would again morph.  Anne gave a soft chuckle and smiled as the man stood unchanging in front of her.  "I'm Anne."
"Anne, it is nice to meet you."  He said as he released her hand.  "Are you sure there is nothing wrong?"
She sighed and watched him while she thought about what to say.  Should she tell him the truth would he think she was crazy.  Well, who cares what he thinks he does not know me.
Anne gave a small laugh, "well you will think it is funny."
"Really," he said looking at her curiously and raised his cup for a drink.
"It was the strangest thing,” Anne began.  "When you touched my hand you changed."
"Changed?  How did I change?"  He stood unmoving quietly studying her face.
Anne thought it was so strange.  This man carried poise and seemed to have the patience of the ages.  As if he had spent lifetimes doing just that standing watching and waiting.  He seemed like an unmoving force knowing that someday that which he watched and waited for would finally be his.  Like a traveler through time and space, watching waiting for that which only he knew.
"Well um you were an old man.  Only for a second,” she rushed on sounding confused.  "Well you looked like an old man your hair was snow white, and you had wrinkles.  It was strange.  When I touched your face, I could not feel the wrinkles that I had been able to see.  I am not sure what it was,” Anne laughed at herself.  “For just a moment you looked old."  Looking down at her drink, she used the straw to stir it.
"I looked old?" He asked.
She looked back up at him and smiled, "well just for a second."
"Was I at least handsome?" He asked with a smile.
Anne looked at him and shook her head, "it was the strangest thing because you were old.  I mean you looked like you were.  But then again, you still looked young.  I could see you as you are now but to anyone looking quickly you looked old.”  She sneaked a peak at him, "does that make sense?"
He looked thoughtful for a moment.  "So what you are telling me is that you saw a flash of me as an old man a handsome old man at that.  Nice to know I am going to age well.  So how long have you had this ability?"
"What," Anne asked in surprise.
"Well you said that when I touched you, you could see me for a moment as an old man.  I stand before you as you have seen me all day.  So I ask again, how long have you had the ability to see the future?"  He laughed as he finished the question.
Anne laughed with him.  It made her feel better, that he did not think her crazy, "this is a new one for me too.  The image did not last long, you were old, then you looked like you do now.
“So what you are telling me is that I was old then young again.”  He said watching her.
"Well," Anne said with a sigh, "after you turned into an old man, I could see you as you are now."
"Wow, so I can now go back in time?  I like that.  I am sure I like everyone else made some poor choices in my life.  The opportunity to go back and do it all over again would be interesting."
She looked up at him and for just a brief moment, he looked serious.
"So," he continued, "would you like to go back with me?"
"What," she laughed, "there is no going back.  No starting over besides I did not see me change.  I saw you change.  So you enjoy that I am looking forward."
"Why can't you do both?"
"Do both," she asked watching him.
"Yes both,” he repeated.  “You continue to move forward and at the end of the road know that you can go back and do it again."
"But if you go back and start over it will not be the same.  Where would you start?  Do you go back to an infant and begin again?  Do you go back as an adult and fall in love once more?  Do you go back and make different career choices?  What of your children going back would inevitably change you and in turn change them.  Perhaps they would not even exist."
He seemed to consider her words a moment, "well that certainly is true.  It seems to go back you would have to make peace with what was.  Pick a point and start all over.  Not remembering what was would probably be best."
"I would think so.  One different turn and I might have never met Tom.  I would not have my children.  I would not want to know what I had lost and left.  Would you?"
"No I suppose not." He studied her a moment, “I am sorry what happened to Tom?"
"How do you know something happened to Tom?"
"I could see a shadow of pain cross your face when you thought of losing him.  Like you lost him once and could not bear to lose him again."  He said as he reached out and brushed back another stray hair.
Anne took a deep breath and readied for the pain that always came when talking about his death.  "He was killed in a car accident three years ago," she said as her heart clutched.
"You loved him very much."
"Yes he was my world," she said looking up at him.
He gently stroked her face, "It is time to find a new one Anne.  As you said you cannot change the past, and you have a future out there waiting for you."
A tear ran down her face, "it is so hard."
"I am so sorry.  I cannot bring him back for you."
She looked up into his face and saw her pain reflected there.
He brushed away her tears, "if I could I would give him back to you, but I cannot.  One can only be saved in their last breath.  Once that breath is released it is too late to save them."
Looking deep into his eyes, she did not hear his words.  She could see only him.  Hear his slow steady breathing and felt calm.
"Will you let me take you to dinner?"  He asked as he again dropped his hand.
"What,” she asked shaking her head.
"Will you let me take you to dinner?" He asked again.
Anne looked at him trying to remember what they had been discussing.  Dinner was that it.  She really could not remember.  
She thought about what they had been saying, but she could not hear his words.  Food she just ate.  "No I am sorry.  I had a big lunch, and I am not going to eat dinner but thank you."
Undeterred he tried again, "how about breakfast?"
"Breakfast you don't even know where I will be or where I am going.  How can you ask me to breakfast?"
"Well I thought you might tell me where you are going so I don’t have to keep following you."
"Tell you where I am going.  Why would I do that?"
"I am lost and it seems to me that you know where you are heading.  So I figure if you are not lost I should stick with you."
"You are lost?”  She asked giving him a questioning look.  “Where are you from?"
"I came up from Maryland."
"Well," she began looking toward the road.  "If you take a left out of the parking lot and follow Route 16 south you will pick up 95 and just follow it back to Maryland.  Then you won't be lost any more."
He followed her gaze toward the road and chuckled.  "No such luck," he said, "I am here for the duration.  So are there any good restaurants where you are heading?"
"You know.  I know this State very well, and I could just make a few sudden turns and lose you that way."  She said gauging his reaction.
He tilted his head to the side thinking a moment, "you could, but you won't.  It is impossible for you to be mean.  To you leaving me lost would be mean.  You could not do that.  Besides I know you don't want to be, but you are curious about me."  He ended with a smile.
Anne shook her head, "I am leaving, or we are going to get arrested for loitering."  She said as she slid into the still open car.  She leaned over and dropped her purse.  Letting it fall on the passenger side floor and put her drink in the cup holder.  She straightened and slid the key into the ignition.  Anne froze and held her breath as a big body leaned into the car and brought the seat belt around her.
He looked into her face only inches away as he slid the buckle home, "drive carefully."  He told her as he leaned back out and shut the door.
Anne drew a deep breath looked out the window at him and started her car.  She backed out of her space to see him still standing there.  ‘Well, if he is not going to move, I am not waiting,’ she said as she pulled out of the parking space.  As she exited the lot continuing north on Route 16, she looked at her dash clock.
Her heart stopped for a moment it had only been five minutes, since she parked her car at the coffee shop.  How could that be she thought?  We had to have been there longer than that.  Her mind went back through the course of the afternoon.  I know I left the restaurant after three.  How is it only five O’clock?  Time can’t stand still.  That is just impossible she thought in a near panic.
‘Perhaps we really did not talk that long,’ she said as she looked in the rear-view mirror.  She could see him coming up behind her.  He was right about one thing she thought she was curious about him.  She felt there was something about him that just did not add up.  Something about him seemed almost unnatural.  Though he looked and sounded like everyone else, something was very different.  Besides trying to figure him out he was handsome she thought as she again glanced in her rear-view mirror.
Anne turned on the radio and tried to remember what they had been talking about before he asked her to dinner.  It was so strange but she felt that conversation would give her insight into him.  Her whole encounter with him from beginning to end was unusual.  She was close enough to him at the end to know he was not drunk.  She could not smell alcohol on him, and his eyes were sharp and clear but there was still something different.
When she looked at him in the coffee shop, the change was sudden.  His eyes remained unchanged but his outer appearance suddenly aged.  His lips did not move, but she clearly heard his voice asking, "how long will you make me wait for you?"  That is a strange question.  He just met me.  How long could he have waited, and waited for what?  He said he had waited for lifetimes.  Whose lifetimes, everyone only has one life.  So how could he wait for lifetimes?  It just did not make sense.
He was as he said a handsome old man.  She smiled at the image.  She had always imagined watching Tom grow old.  Watching year after year, seeing the subtle changes in him that most would overlook.  But, she knew every inch of his face and would notice.  'I always thought we would grow old together,' she whispered to him, three years gone never coming back.
Perhaps Ben is right.  I have been living in the past too long maybe it is time to move on to find a future.  There is a chance to start all over.  Not from infancy but one could indeed fall in love and begin again.  Anne smiled at the thought of finding love.  Was it possible?  Could she find someone?  Someone who would love her like no other.  A man she could love for the end of time.  Did she want to risk her heart again go through the pain of loving and losing someone?
She looked into the rear-view mirror again and could see the outline of the man behind her could she love him?  Could he love her?  The thought made her smile then shake her head.  She was getting way ahead of herself.  She did not even know him, but she did know she had seen some strange things since meeting him.  What of the images she saw?  Ben flashed from an old man to his current age very rapidly.  It was like he had gotten old then went back to his fifties and started again.  She knew she could not go back.  There was no way she could be twenty-five again and would she want to?  Would she make other choices?  Would she be so different that she would not fall in love with Tom?  Would they never meet? 
I have to stop thinking about getting Tom back.  He is gone.  The past is gone only the future remains.  I took this trip to move on let go of yesterday and start new.  She thought as she looked again in the rearview mirror.  Maybe he is my starting new.
Anne stopped at a light then took a right into a parking lot.  Driving around looking for a spot close to her favorite chocolate shop, which she hoped, was still there.
She put the car in park and leaned down to grab her purse when her door opened again.  "I am going to have heart failure if you keep doing that," she told Ben.
He smiled down at her and held out his hand to assist her out.  "If you would ride with me, you would know I am coming and not get such a surprise."  She looked at him and shook her head at him.  "No,” he said.  “Well than just expect that I am going to be at your door every time it needs to be opened or closed.  Then you won't get such a start from it"
She accepted his offered hand and rose from the car.  She stood looking once more at the handsome man.  "What is your game?"  She asked him.
"Game,” he repeated.
"Yes what are you after.  Why are you following me?  Do you not have anything better to do?  I am not that interesting.  I am not doing anything except running away from life for a while with no clear destination in mind.  Why would that appeal to you?  What is there about me appeals to you?"  She asked studying his face.
He slowly raised his hand, as if he feared any sudden moves would make her run.  He brushed his fingers through her hair.  He looked deep into her eyes and slowly lowered his head.
She drew in a sudden breath, as she knew this time, even if she jumped at a noise he would not stop.  He was going to kiss her.
He did not touch her with anything other than his hand gently tangled in her hair.  Ben held her still as he moved ever closer.
Anne waited and watched as his lips stopped a breath from hers.
His eyes looking from hers to her lips and back to her eyes as if asking permission before he closed the gap between them.  He very gently brushed his lips over hers their mouths barely touching. He felt her sigh into him, could feel her acceptance.  He wrapped an arm of steel around her and pulled her up into his body.  She registered only for a moment that her feet no longer touched the ground.  Held up in his arm pressed into him, she felt safe.  He still had his hand in her hair as he settled his mouth more firmly over hers.
When she was in his embrace, she no longer heard the sounds of the busy parking lot she almost felt as if she was not even in it.  She could feel a gentle breeze and smell orchids.  The song of birds drifted around them as she melted further into him.  She lost all sense of place and time, lost in this world she felt alone with him.  It was just Ben, holding her close kissing her.  Anne knew she never felt like this before.  It seemed funny to think she as an older woman felt that way.  That the kiss she was experiencing was different.
Suddenly, she could hear very faint voices.  She tried to ignore them and think about only him.  To feel nothing but his kiss but the voices were persistent.  She could not understand what they were saying, but it felt like they were talking to her trying to tell her something.
With her eyes still closed in the moment, Anne turned her head to break the kiss.  She suddenly felt a loss, gradually the scents and sounds changed.  She could hear the sounds of the busy parking lot again. Ben slowly slid her down his body until her feet once again touched the ground.  The arm around her eased and he slid his hand from her hair under her chin and tilted her face up to look at him.
His thumb rubbing her jaw, she drew in slow breaths not sure what to say to him.  Looking into his eyes knowing she had broken the moment for them both.
He smiled and looked around, "I expected someone to come out of that store and yell at us."
Anne drew in a sharp breath and looked around.  A flush crept up her face as she realized that more than a few people were looking at them.  She pushed at him and stepped back, "oh my goodness.  I am so sorry,” she said as she straightened her hair.
"Why are you sorry?  Because you let me kiss you, or because you might have offended others?"  He asked looking down at her.
"I am not much for public affection.  I think there is a time and place for such things.  I can't believe I just did that."  She babbled.  "I mean really it is out of character for me to get so caught up like that.  I mean.  A quick hug or kiss is fine in public but that was far from quick."
"Well I am glad you are not sorry you kissed me," he said with a smile.  "Want to do it again."
Anne continued to play with her hair as his words sank in.  "No I already need chocolate, once was enough."
His eyes lit with laughter as he watched her spin on a heel and walk into the store for chocolate.
A few minutes later Anne left the store.  A cache of chocolate in a bag and one headed toward her mouth.  She looked up to find him still standing beside her car and smiled. "Chocolate, the cure for anything," she said as she bit into the creamy morsel in her fingers.  She closed her eyes in bliss as the chocolate hit her taste buds and began to melt in her mouth.  Her tongue quickly darted out as she licked it off her lips.
Ben stood before her jaw clenched as he watched her eat the piece of chocolate.  His eyes tracking her tongue as it ran along her lips.  He could feel the passion rising within himself and looked around.  He knew no one was watching them.  He knew no one had seen them kiss before and no one would see him when he kissed her again.  He gave a slow smile as he took a step toward Anne her eyes closed in bliss as she savored the chocolate.  He reached out and grabbed her around the waist.  She drew in a startled breath and opened her eyes.
This time there was no holding back.  He devoured her lips as she had devoured the chocolate.  Ben savored the sweet taste of chocolate on her.  His mouth catching the small sounds of pleasure she was making as he kissed her.  Caught up in Anne he almost forgot to take her to another plane where only they existed.
He drew in his mind the scents and sounds that he wanted her to smell and hear.  He took her from the parking lot to a forest full of wild orchids.  He continued to hold her close in his arms and kiss her as the scents and sounds of the tropical forest floated around them.  He could smell the light scent as it floated on the air.  Feel the humidity from the forest.  He knew he had to take her back.  He knew that at any second she would pull away trying to understand what she could smell and feel.
The humidity was starting to get to him drops of sweat gathered between his shoulder blades as he angled his head for deeper access to her mouth.
This time he had taken her further into the forest.  Last time they stood at the edge, and he knew that she had heard the voices of approaching children, just as he had.  Scolding them for being in a place, they did not belong.  He had been so lost in her in the feel and taste of her that he forgot to monitor where they were and who was around them.  He knew now that no one would interrupt except for the calls of the Macaw and Anne trying to figure out what she was experiencing.
Anne held on as Ben kissed her.  Her mind so caught up in the feeling the pleasure.  This man had a way of making her feel like she was the only person in the world.  Lost in him in the kiss she had forgotten about the parking lot and her chocolate.  The feel of him and the taste of him was intoxicating.  As Ben eased his kiss, Anne started to become aware, of how she felt.  She was no longer so lost in him that she could not feel anything but him.
She was so hot like she was standing in the bright summer sun. It felt like a sauna.  Yet she knew it was late July and today's temperature eighty three.  She could smell orchids again.  A light beautiful scent seemed to float on the heavy air.  She could hear birds.  The sound of them was different from anything she had ever heard.  There seemed to be a constant chorus of birds in her mind.
She felt her brain finally coming out of a fog trying to figure out what she was feeling and where she felt like she was.  If she had to guess, it felt like she was in a rainforest.  She thought if she just opened her eyes, she might see a monkey hanging overhead watching them.  Anne almost giggled at that image.
Ben loosened his hold on her and looked down into her eyes.  She smiled up at him, caught up in the moment she spoke without thinking.  "Would you believe that I felt like I was in a rainforest?"
"A rainforest" he repeated looking deeply into her eyes as he slid her down his body.
"Yes I could smell the wild orchids and hear the birds."
"And this was funny to you?"
"No what was funny was that I pictured a monkey sitting over our heads watching us."  She said with a small laugh.
Anne continued to look up at him as the fog in her brain completely cleared.  She pulled back from him her hand suddenly going to her mouth.  "Did I say that out loud?"  She asked him looking shocked.
He stood looking down at her nodding his head.  "You mean about the rainforest?"
Anne covered her face with her hands and shook her head as she laughed.  "I swear I am losing it.  I take a vacation to get myself back together, and here I am kissing a man I don’t know in a public parking lot."  She said as she gestured around her.  "While feeling like I am in the middle of a rainforest."
"Rainforest 'huh' did you at least enjoy the experience?"
"Well I must admit.  I was a little distracted."  Anne blushed at her words.  She silently berated herself for saying too much.  There was something about Ben.  When she was with him, she forgot to put the brakes on her big mouth.
Ben smiled as he watched her embarrassment over telling him she had enjoyed kissing him.  An old-fashioned woman, he liked that enough not to draw attention to her slip.  "So you were distracted by thinking about the monkey.  And the possibility that he would throw stuff at us that you could not enjoy the experience."
Anne smiled up at him silently thanking him for intentionally changing her meaning.  She laughed "well that would have been funny certainly would have killed the moment or perhaps one of us." 
"Killed one of us?"
"Well getting hit on the head with a coconut could be deadly," she stated.  "You know it was not just the sounds.  It was hot.  The air felt very heavy and thick almost difficult to breathe.” She looked up with half raised lids to gauge his reaction to her words.
"That hot," he said.  He seemed to think about it as he glanced around his eyes settling on her bag of chocolate.  He reached out and took it out of her hand shaking his head while he opened it.
Anne watched a strange look come over his face as he looked into the bag.  He closed it and gave her a serious look.
"Well, we had better replace your chocolate then.” He said as he walked back toward the store dropping the bag in the trash on his way past a garbage can.
Anne's jaw dropped in surprise.  He threw away my chocolate.  How could he do that?  She stood there stunned.  He walked into the store and emerged a few minutes later with another bag. "Why did you do that?" she asked him as he handed her a new bag.
"Well you said you felt like you were in a rainforest, and it was so hot it took your breath away."  He said as his eyes traveled toward her lips.  "So I figured we melted your chocolate."
Anne continued to look at him.  He had a very strange look in his eye one she could not read. She suddenly felt like he was up to something again.  She knew in that instant that he was hiding something from her.  Feeling uncomfortable, she decided it was time to leave.  She looked down at the new bag.  "Thank you.  I am going to go check into my hotel."
"I can't talk you into dinner," he asked assessing her.
"No, thank you.  I am going to stay in my room for the night.  I am tired."
Ben reached a hand out and put it on the back of her head leaned in and kissed her forehead.  "Have a goodnight then, sweet dreams."  He stepped back and waited while she dug out her keys and unlocked her car.  He opened the door and waited while she put her purse on the floor again.  She buckled her seat belt as he shut the door.  He continued to stand there while she backed out of the parking space then drove off.
Anne glanced in the rearview mirror as she drove toward the exit.  Again, he stood unmoving where she had left him.  She did not bother to look at her clock.  She knew without looking that it would be the same as earlier.  Though she felt like she had been there for a long time, she was sure her clock would tell her that very little time had passed.  She turned right out of the parking lot, heading down the road to the next light.  She took a left into the hotel.  As she parked the car, she sat a moment waiting, as if she expected him to come open the door.  Though she knew that this time, he did not follow her.  She gathered her stuff and checked into her room.
The funny thing was that she really felt sticky.  She actually felt like she had been standing in a rainforest with the air hot and heavy.  She briefly closed her eyes and tried to imagine what she felt again.  She tried to smell the flowers and hear the birds, but she could not do it.  Her eyes popped open with the sudden realization that it was Ben.  Somehow, he got her mind to feel like she was on a completely different plane.
How could he do that?  Could it have been real?  Was it just something about him that made her think about a rainforest?  How could she feel and hear it?  If she opened her eyes, would she indeed see it?  That thought stopped her cold.  She did not want to know what she would have done if she did see it.   This was just too much for her tired brain to take in.
Anne shook her head to dispel the thoughts and rummaged through her suitcase for her bathroom kit.  She laid out a pair of silk shorts, and a sheer camisole then went to take a shower. She emerged sometime later having decided to take a long bath.  She got dressed and grabbed her phone while she ate chocolate, she talked to her children.
She understood all too well how busy life could be.  She remembered when her children were young how often she got busy and forgot to call her mother.  Now it was her turn.  Her children's lives were so full and busy that they forgot to call her.
Technology was different also, she reasoned.  She talked to them on the phone once a month but the girls at least sent e-mails on a daily basis.  She also lived much closer to her children than she did to her mother.  She was able to drop in on them on occasion.  As she put the phone on the table and looked around, she felt alone.
She had never minded being alone.  Perhaps it was because she always knew someone was there.  Now she looked around at the empty room, it was just her.  None of the kids would walk in and say ‘hi.’  The room felt empty though sounds drifted in from the hall she felt truly alone for the first time in her life.
Anne jumped as someone knocked on the door.  She slowly slid off the bed and walked to the door.  Standing on tiptoes, she looked out the peephole.  She could see a gray tee-shirt and knew it was Ben.  She took a step back and opened the door.
She looked up at him to see he was looking down at her with a strange look on his face.  She followed his gaze down and shrieked.  Jumping back, she slammed the door.  She leaned against it horrified that she had forgotten what she was wearing.  She took several deep breaths then went to her suitcase.  Grabbing a sundress, she slipped it over her nightclothes.
She closed her eyes and took another deep calming breath then opened the door again.  She smiled up at Ben, "Hi, I am surprised to see you."
"Good thing it was me," he all but growled.  "I would have had to kill somebody."
Anne blushed, "so what can I do for you?"  She asked.
He gave her a measured look then seemed to bring his mind under control.  "Nothing, I brought you a salad.  I figured you would get hungry and spend all night eating chocolate.  So I got you something a little healthier," he said as he held out a bag to her.
Anne was surprised and pleased.  She raised her eyes from the bag to his with a soft smile, "thank you."
"You are welcome," he said as she took the bag.  "Lock the door," he growled and took a step back.
Anne shut and locked the door then quickly looked out the peephole.  She could see him still standing there looking at the closed door.  She shrugged and walked across the room to the small table.  She set down the salad and turned on the television while she ate.  Though she loved the chocolate, he was right she had already eaten too much.  She was afraid all that caffeine was going to make sleeping difficult.
Anne cleaned up the garbage.  She went and brushed her teeth and climbed into bed.  She laid there for a while as she predicted having a difficult time falling asleep.  She closed her eyes and pictured Ben in her mind.
He stood before her again as an old man his hand stretched out toward her.  She could see his lips moving as if he were talking to her.  She tried to focus her mind on him taking in what she was seeing.  He was wearing a light-blue dress shirt the top buttons undone.  She thought it strange that his chest looked unmarred by age.  Her eyes traveled up his neck to settle on his face.  She looked at his handsome rugged face with laugh lines around his eyes.  His deep-blue eyes standing out in contrast to his pale weathered skin seemed to see right into her heart.
She thought again, about how he looked old.  Yet if one looked close, he looked young.  Like there was paint on his face put there only to make others believe he was old.  Yet he stood timeless in this world.  Her eyes drawn again to his lips, she watched them move and concentrated on the words she could not hear.
“Forever I have waited for you, and now I finally have to wait no more.”
“You don’t have to wait anymore?  Why don’t you have to wait anymore?” She asked him.
His outstretched hand brushed her hair back. He looked down into her eyes and smiled.  She stood mesmerized as he once again turned into a man of about fifty.  He leaned his head in and put his face in her hair.  “I finally found you,” he whispered into her hair.  “Never again goodbye”
“Never again goodbye” Anne repeated as she drifted off to sleep.
Ben leaned back on the bed and watched her sleep.  His eyes closed his mind standing over her bed watching, waiting.  He listened to the gentle rhythm of her breath.  Closing his eyes, he let his mind travel to her and took her into his arms.  She stirred briefly before settling with her head on his chest listening to the steady beating of his heart.  He watched her hand move. It slid over his abdomen along his ribs to rest beside her head over his heart.
He leaned his head down into her hair, closed his eyes and took in her scent.  Drawing her in his mind, he imprinted the smell and feel of her.  “I could not have gone on forever without you.”  He whispered to her.  “I traveled alone in this world for far too long searching for you.”
He paused as she again stirred gently in his arms.  “I am sorry that life has caused you such heartache and pain.”  He leaned back and took a slow deep breath so as not to disturb her.  “I cannot promise you will never again feel pain, but I promise I will never leave you alone.  I will hold you in my heart and mind for eternity.  Love you like no other.  All you have to do is accept what is here for you.  I cannot stay, unless you ask me to.”
He looked down at her again as she slept and pulled the blankets higher up around her.  The night air was getting a little chilly, and he wanted to ensure she slept in comfort through the night.  He really wanted to be able to hold her through the night.  If she got cold and woke up, he would have to go.  He pulled her closer and heard her speak.  He leaned his head in close to her lips and listened, waited.
“Ben,” she said in her sleep.
“I am here,” he told her.  “Sleep I will hold you safe until morning.”
Anne sighed and settled into a deep dreamless sleep.  She did not know Ben held her tight in his arms through the night. 
Stretching Anne rolled over and looked at the clock.  She sat up in a rush, ‘that can’t be right,’ she said.  She jumped out of bed picked up her cell and looked at it.  It was indeed just before nine thirty, ‘I can’t believe I slept so long.’  She said as she headed toward the shower.  She stopped before entering the bathroom and looked back at the empty bed.  She was not sure why, but she expected to see Ben laying there still sleeping.  She knew she had said goodnight and closed herself in the room alone.  For some reason, she felt like he spent the night with her.  It was as if she closed her eyes, she could hear the beating of his heart.
‘What is wrong with me,’ she said to the empty room.  “I hardly know the man yet here I am imagining that I can hear his heart beating.  I really need to do something with my time today.  I spent too much time thinking about him last night.’  She looked at the bag of chocolate on the table and smiled.  She walked to the table and picked up the bag.  Opening it, she looked inside.  A small laugh escaped her, she had eaten all but three.  Anne felt a little better.  Now she could blame chocolate instead of her imagination.  She shrugged as she walked into the bathroom.
Ben sat in the lobby drinking a coffee and watched her as she crossed the foyer.  He knew the instant she saw him.  He watched her eye’s light with surprise and pleasure.  She quickly got her expressions under control and plastered a neutral smile on her face as she headed toward him.
He remained seated as she stopped a few feet away looking at him.  “Good Morning,” he said as he raised his cup.  He watched her eyes follow his movements knew she was trying to appear uninterested.  He smiled behind his cup, “how did you sleep?” he asked.
She pulled out the chair across from him and sat down.  Looking at the few people scattered through the room.  “Good, thank you for the salad.  You saved me from a long sleepless night due to too much sugar and caffeine.”  She looked over at him and smiled.
“You’re welcome.  Can I get you a drink?” He asked gesturing with his cup.
“No, thank you.  I think I am going to look for some food,” she said with a sheepish grin.  “I am rather hungry this morning.”
He rose from his chair and held a hand down to her.  “Good so am I.  The clerk tells me there is a new restaurant that has a great breakfast.  Care to join me?”  Ben stood with his hand out watching the emotions flash across her face.  He knew she was arguing the pros and cons with herself, he just hoped he won.
Anne looked up at him and smiled, “sure it sounds like fun.”  She took is offered hand and rose to stand in front of him.  She stood looking into his eyes, as the world around them seemed to melt away.  She closed her eyes as he leaned toward her waiting for expecting his kiss.
Ben watched her knew she wanted him to kiss her again.  He smiled as he looked down at her.  Though they stood in the hotel lobby to those around them, it appeared, they were only standing there talking.  No one could see that he stood a fraction of an inch from her.  Wanting nothing more than to take her in his arms and never let go.  Ben leaned in and slowly brushed his lips over hers. He felt her sigh tasted the mint on her breath.  
He thought about where he would take her.  His mind just kept coming up with the bed he knew the time was not right for that.  With his mind so filled with thoughts of taking her to bed, he could not take her anywhere else.  He stepped back and took her hand to break the spell.  Anne looked up into his smiling eyes.  “Now that was a proper good morning,” he said.
Anne looked around her and saw the people still milling about.  She remembered their conversation in the parking lot yesterday.  She smiled as she realized he did not want to draw attention to them in such a public place.  She was thankful that he remembered her words and did not want to make her uncomfortable.  “Good Morning,” she replied as he led her out of the hotel.
They sat in a quiet corner of a little restaurant next door.  Anne looked around the room and smiled at the country decorations.  Ben watched her face as she took in the setting around them.  Seeing her in some place with character gave him some insight into her.  He smiled as a thought entered his mind.
He had never been one to plan everything out but today, he felt like doing just that.  He looked again at Anne’s smiling face and thought oh yes I am going to have a plan.  He leaned back in his chair, “Do you like it?” he asked her.
Anne looked from the room to him, “yes,” she said.  Her smile never leaving her beautiful face.  “I love country settings.”  She started to say more when the waiter approached.
“Good Morning.  Can I get you a coffee?”
“Tea please” Anne replied.
“Coffee’s fine,” Ben said as he looked at his menu.
He glanced at Anne and watched her as she again looked around the room.  Ben let images play in his mind while he watched her.  Places, sounds, feelings all mixing in his mind as he separated out what he wanted where he would take her.  He glanced up and smiled as he thought about how interesting this was going to be.
Anne felt him looking at her and looked up, “what?”
“Sorry I was just thinking.”  He said as he looked down at his menu again.  “Have you come here often?” He asked her.  “I noticed your plate was Virginia, but you said you knew this State very well.”
Anne placed the menu on the table.  “Yes my husband and I used to live in this State.  We raised our children here.”  She sat back as the waiter appeared with their drinks, orders taken, he left again.  “We moved to Virginia just about four years ago.”  She looked down and cleared her throat.
Ben watched her a moment.  “That was not long before you lost your husband.”
“No,” Anne said, “just under a year.”  She played with the tea bag in her cup.
Ben noticed she played with stuff when she got nervous.  She played with the straw her hair and now the tea bag.  A small smile played over his lips.  “Why did you choose to stay in Virginia?  You could have come back to New Hampshire.  You seem like you are comfortable in this State.”
Anne again looked around her “Yes, I am comfortable here.  It is a nice State, and the mountains are beautiful.  My youngest was still in school, and she had new friends.  I did think about going.  Ellen could have come back and reconnected with old friends.  However, I could not bear taking her away from her world again.  Besides she and Matthew were getting serious and my other children were there.  So I stayed,” she ended with a small smile looking up at him.
“They were happy but were you?”
Ben watched as a big smile spread across her face.  “Of course I was happy,” she looked into his eyes than at her tea again.  “It does not take much to satisfy me.”
“I can see that,” he said looking down at his coffee.  “So,” he said, “what would make you happy today?”
She looked startled, “I am already happy.”  She froze as she realized that she was indeed truly content today.
Ben smiled and raised his cup in a toast to her.  He watched color creep into her cheeks as she blushed from his attention.  He took a drink of his coffee as she looked down.
“So,” she began, “what do you do for work?”
“Retired,” he said.
She looked up startled, “retired you can’t be old enough to be retired.”  The surprise was evident in her voice.
“Fifty two,” he replied, “early yes, more burnout than anything.”
“Burn out?  What did you do?”
“I was a high school history teacher.” he said with a shrug.
She laughed, “now burnout I can understand.  Was it from the students or the politics?”
He smiled at her and leaned back as the waiter placed their food on the table.  “More like I had been teaching twenty-five years and decided I had enough.  I had some great students.  Some of them have even gone on to work in a field relating to history.  I realized I was not enjoying it any more.  So it was time to walk away.”
“I am sorry,” she said as she turned the plate of food the waiter placed in front of her.  “How did your family feel about that?  Was your wife happy you retired?”
Ben watched as she moved things around.  Taking the teacup off the saucer to put the toast on it.  She shifted the eggs to make room for the bacon beside them instead of on them.  He had his hands folded below his chin watching everything she did.  Learning what she liked and how she wanted things.  She was a curious mix of organization and chaos he thought.  He looked around the room then back at her as she and the world around them slowed.  He relaxed in his chair and watched her focus on her food.
She took the last piece of bacon she was adjusting and took a bite.  Ben watched Anne tilt her head to the side.  She appeared to be judging the taste of the bacon.  The final assessment he guessed was satisfactory as she immediately took another bite.  She picked up her fork left handed, he thought as he watched her scoop up some of her scrambled eggs.  She tasted them wrinkled up her nose and reached for the salt.  She sprinkled a little then tasted the eggs again.  He smiled, as she seemed satisfied with that.
She leaned forward to look at the jelly in the dish and her hair fell in her face.  He reached out to put it back for her and froze.  Remembering just before he touched her, that he had adjusted time.  If he touched her without thinking then everything would go back as it was.
Ben put his hands in his lap to avoid inadvertently touching her.  He sat back and watched as she bent to dig through her purse.  She came up with a hair tie, which she used to hold her hair back.  She looked up at him.
He knew that she saw what her mind expected her to see.  Him eating as she was.  He smiled at her when she said her food was good.  She looked back down and began picking through the jelly selection again.  She smiled as she found the one she wanted and opened it.
He watched her spread the whole thing on one-half a piece of toast.  His breath drawn in as she slowly brought the toast to her mouth eyes closed, she bit into it.  His hands closed in fists as he held himself firm watching as she pulled the toast away from her mouth.  Watching her as she slowly chewed.
His eyes traveled across the length of her throat as he watched it move when she swallowed.  He let his eyes move back up to her lips.  Ben forced himself to take a slow measured breath as he watched her tongue come out as she ran it across her lips to remove the jelly.  Ben’s eyes followed her tongue almost tasting the grape jelly that was there.
He could take no more.  Ben leaned up over the table and took her mouth.  He saw the surprise in her eye’s seconds before she closed them and surrendered to him.
He explored her mouth moving as slowly as the world moving around them.  He let himself forget for a moment that the world around them was still suspended.  He raised a hand to her hair and removed the tie.  Ben got his fingers lost in her hair, and his mind lost in her. 
Without breaking the kiss, he stood and pulled her into his arms.  He knew she was unaware that she moved all she could feel was his kiss.  Time stopped for her as it did everyone around them.  He smiled as she again sighed into his mouth.  Fitting her more tightly to him, he brought her to a higher level.  His lips were moving slowly over hers then down, along her jaw.
Anne let her head fall back with complete abandon.  She let all go just to feel.  He traced the path of her throat nipping and licking his way down.  He felt her passion rising.  Ben knew if he wanted to, he could take them both back to her bed.  On some level though he was sure this was not the time for that.  She was not ready for him, and he was convinced a hotel bed was not the right place.
He brought his lips back up to hers as he lowered her into her chair.  He moved across from her and leaned over the table again.  Very slowly, he moved his lips away from her and leaned his forehead against hers.  Their ragged breathing slowing, he smiled at her and handed her the tie he had pulled from her hair.  Anne looked up surprised as Ben lowered himself into his chair.  The bustle of the restaurant picked up around them as she pulled her hair back and tied it again.
Ben picked up his fork and began eating.  He watched her look around the room. He saw her surprise that no one was watching them.
“This is good,” he said as he took another bite.
Anne looked back at him.  He acted as if nothing happened though she remembered him kissing her.  She knew he kissed her.  “How long were you kissing me?” she asked.
He looked up from his plate, “just for a second.” He replied as he cut into his pancakes.
Anne looked around as if confused, “are you sure,” she asked.
Ben looked at her then at his watch and turned it, so she could see the face, “positive,” he said.
Anne read the clock and noted it was indeed only minutes since their food came.  She looked down at her plate and saw she had just taken a few bites.  Wow, she thought there is something about him.  I felt like he kissed me for a very long time.  She raised her fingers to her lips.  They felt slightly swollen.
Ben watched her shrug and smiled knowing that it had been fifteen minutes, since he began kissing her.  And, who was counting how long he sat and just watched her.  That was something only he knew.  He watched her as she picked up her toast again.  His eyes darkened at the sight a smile moving over his lips at the thought.
 “You asked me about my wife,” he reminded her as he continued to eat.
Anne looked at him and thought for a second.  “Yes I did.  Did she mind that you decided to retire early?”
He shook his head, “she couldn’t mind.”
Anne gave him a quizzical look, “she couldn’t mind?”  She repeated, thinking about it for a minute.  “How could she not mind?  Did she retire also?  Did she never work?  I don’t understand.”  She said looking at him her fork hovering just above her plate.
Ben looked at her through half raised lids as he replied.  “She could not mind because I never had a wife.”  He covered his smile with his napkin at her stunned look, “that surprises you?”
Anne looked down at her plate then back up at him.  “Well, frankly, yes, it does.”
“Why,” he asked smiling at her.
“Well you are a handsome man.  You seem nice enough.  Did you not want to settle down having too much fun playing the field?  Get your heart broken young?”  She picked up another piece of bacon while she waited for his answer.
Ben was thoughtful for a moment as if considering all the options she had mentioned.  He reached his hand out and put it over hers bringing her hand and the bacon to his mouth.  He looked her in the eyes as he took a bite, and then released her hand.
Anne held her breath as Ben drew her hand toward his mouth.  Her eyes followed the piece of bacon as it moved toward him.  A soft sigh escaped as he put it in his mouth and took a bite. She shivered when she looked up into his eyes fixed intently on hers.
The sexual tension between them was tangible.  Anne looked around her to see again if anyone was watching.  She hoped no one lit a match close by.  They would both ignite from the heat passing between them.  She looked back at Ben as she heard him speak.
 “So you think I am handsome do you?” A sly smile crossed his face as he looked at her.
“What?  Did I say that?”  Anne smiled at him.  “You know you are.  I don’t need to tell you that.”
“No but it is nice to hear you finally admit it.”
Anne laughed and threw her napkin at him, “my you are a vein man.”
Ben winked as he easily caught her napkin.  “Well to answer all your questions at once, I never met the right lady.”
“Are there too many women to choose?”
“No the woman I love was not around for a long time.  When I finally found her, she had already married another man.”  He said looking down at his empty cup.
The smile slipped off Anne’s face, “I am sorry,” she said.  “Is that why you want to go back and do it again?  I mean you talked about it yesterday.  I never related it to you getting the woman you loved.”  Anne shook her head, “that is so beautiful and yet so sad.  I really am sorry.”
She looked up into his eyes, “you still love her don’t you? You are waiting for her.  It sounds very strange but when I first saw you, I just had a feeling that you had been waiting for something for a very long time.  It was odd like you were watching waiting and to a point you still are.”
Ben looked at her his eyes never leaving hers as he reached a hand out and drew it down her face, “yes.  I love her.  I still wait for her.”
Anne drew in a sharp breath and then gave a nervous laugh, “shame on you,” she said pulling back out of his reach.
Ben raised an eyebrow at her and waited.
“You still love her and yet you flirt with me.  Even,” she leaned in a little closer to him and whispered.  “Kiss me.”  The smile froze on her face as a thought occurred, “what does that say about me kissing a man who loves another.”
Ben watched her look around making sure no one had heard her.  He waited until she looked at him again then reached a hand out.  He stroked his fingers down her face as he slowed the room yet again.  “That,” he said against her lips, “makes you very special.  You are the only one who has caught my attention in a very long time.  And for that she will forgive me and you.”  He slowly moved his lips over hers knowing she would not move until he stopped.
He knew it was not right, but he enjoyed that fact that she got so lost in him.  He knew her heart heard his though her mind was not ready to accept it.  One day soon, she would realize she was the one he waited for.  The one he searched for.  The one he will never leave.  He brushed his lips over hers one last time and smiled down at her as he looked around.  “Are you ready to go?  I am looking forward to doing something different today.  Doing something, I have never done before.  Do you have any suggestions?”  He asked as he reached for his wallet.  
“I need to go wash my hands.”  Anne said as she stood up and headed for the woman’s room.
Ben put money on the table and walked to the door to wait for Anne.  He looked around the room again taking in the decorations the history.  He watched Anne walk across the restaurant and smiled as his mind solidified his plan for today.  He reached a hand out as she joined him and placed it at the small of her back to guide her out.
Anne waited until they were outside and then smiled up at Ben, “thank you.”
Ben leaned down and gave her a quick kiss, “you’re welcome.  So you know this State well, is there anything I can do different?”
Anne thought a moment as they continued to walk back to the hotel.  She suddenly stopped and spun away from him.  “I know,” she said looking up at him with a smile.  “You can drive up Mount Washington.”
“Drive up Mount Washington”  he repeated looking down at her.
“Yes, have you ever been to the summit?”
“I have been to the top a few times over the years, but I have never driven it.”  Ben said watching her.
“Well, then that is something different you can do today.” Anne smiled at him.  For some reason, she had a feeling, he had done a lot of different things. She was not sure why she felt that way.  She had only recently met him but something about her made her think he traveled a lot.
“Care to join me.”  He asked watching the expressions play over her face.
“No!  I am afraid of heights,” she said.
“Ah,” Ben said watching her pull the tie from her hair to play with her hair again.  He reached out and took it out of her hand rubbing her face as he tucked it behind her ear.  “You could drive.”
Lost in his touch his words took a moment to hit her.  She jumped back, “are you crazy?”  She asked him her eyes big as saucers.
“Well, if I remember correctly most of the drive is tree lined, and if you are driving you will be focused on the road.”
“I will never drive up or down that.” she said standing back from him looking up.
 “Then I will have to drive.” He said as he took her hand and led her to his car.  He pulled out his keys. Then let her into the passenger’s side.  Ben walked around and got behind the wheel.  He started the car and leaned across her to buckle her in.
“Wait,” she said, “I never said I would go with you.  I told you, I’m afraid of heights.”
Ben smiled as he eased the car out of the parking spot.  “You can close your eyes and take a nap while I drive.”
“Nap I slept like the dead last night.  It would be impossible to take a nap.”
“Then you can talk to me and keep me company.”  He smiled at her as he waited for the light.  “I am going to assume we go left,” he said.
“Yes left and continue to follow Route 16 you can’t miss it.”  ‘Maybe,’ she mumbled to herself.  ‘I will get lucky and it will be closed.’
They drove in silence for a few minutes when Anne suddenly turned in her seat.  “It is going to be cold up there.  Neither one of us has a coat.”
“I will keep you warm,” he said, as he turned right to continue following Route 16.
“You are going to keep me warm?” She gave him a skeptical look, “who is going to keep you warm?” 
Ben turned and gave her a heated look as she held a hand up, “no, don’t answer that.”  She turned back in her seat and watched the scenery pass.
“So, where did you teach History?”
Ben looked at her briefly then turned back to the road.  “Maryland.”
“What grade did you teach? What time in History is your favorite?”
“I taught a few grades, mostly juniors.  They are more relaxed a little more settled into high school life.  It was a good grade.” He paused as if thinking then continued.  “I like this time.  We did so many things as a nation throughout time.  We have accomplished so much.  To me, it is a time to sit back and enjoy all of our successes as a nation.”  Ben reached his right hand out and picked up her hand interlacing their fingers.
Anne looked down at their hands.  His big hand seemed to swallow hers, yet it felt like he protected hers.  She looked out the window again watching the forest go by.  It was such a pretty area.  She did love this place.  Maybe someday I will move back.  She thought.  She looked up to the peak of Mount Washington and pictured snow.  She gave a quiet laugh, maybe not.  She brought her eyes back down to her hand still linked with Ben’s.  He was gently stroking her hand as he drove.
“Are you okay?” He asked her.
She smiled up at him, “just thinking.  It is beautiful here.  I always loved when Tom and I would come up for the weekend.  Spend time together and just get away for a while.  I miss this State.”
He continued to rub her hand as he took a left to turn up the Mount Washington auto road.  “Well it is open,” he said as he paid the attendant.
“Wait!” Anne exclaimed as they passed the gate.  “Leave me here.”
“No.  Don’t worry, I will keep you safe and warm.” He told her as he shifted the car into low gear for the ascent.
Anne smiled as they entered the trees.  She opened her window and let the smell of balsams drift into the car.  It was a beautiful road tall trees lining both sides.  She looked ahead and realized the road was wider than she remembered.  This is not bad she thought to herself.
Ben looked over and watched Anne.  He was glad she was enjoying the road so far.  He knew though that when they got above the trees and the view opened up, she would not like it.  He was also a little worried about the temperatures on the top.  They should have gone into the building across the street to check current conditions.
They climbed steadily for five miles before Ben pulled into a turnout.  He knew the part Anne would not like was coming, and he wanted to give her a break before they hit mile marker six.
“Do you want to walk around for a bit?”  He asked looking over at her.
“Yes, I would.”  Anne sat and waited while Ben got out and came to her door.  She half smiled at herself for waiting for him.  Her husband had not opened her door very often after they were married, and it was funny for her to just naturally sit here and wait for Ben.
She took his offered hand and walked with him to the thin line of trees next to the edge.  She noticed there were big rocks lining the edge.  She half laughed at that.  Who would get close enough that they would need the rocks to tell them to stop?  As she thought that she watched a group of people approach the edge.  One man climbed on the rock to have his picture taken.
Anne looked up at Ben.  “He is fine, don’t worry about him.”  Ben said as he rubbed her hand. 
He pulled her into him as they stood looking out around them.  The mountains and valleys were spread out everywhere.  There was a town they could see in some of the gaps in the mountains.  It was just beautiful.  Ben looked down at Anne, “are you okay?”
She just nodded at him as she bent down and picked up a rock.  
Anne wanted the rock to remember the trip by.  It was a yellow and black piece of granite.  She would always have it to remember this day.  To remember the time she spent with Ben and the drive back up Mount Washington.
Ben watched her pick up the rock as a thought occurred to him.  He reached in his pocket and pulled out a camera.  “Would you like to take a few pictures?”  He asked as he held the camera out to her.
Anne smiled up at him.  “Thank you, I did not even think about a camera.”  She walked a few steps away and began taking pictures of the amazing view.  She smiled as she turned back to Ben and snapped a picture of him.
Ben held out a hand and led her back to the car.  He was glad she was enjoying herself. But he had a feeling, she would close her eyes, as soon as they took the next corner.
Ben pulled back out on the road and continued to drive.  He continually checked on Anne to ensure she was okay.  He did not want to make her uncomfortable.  He smiled thinking about her taking his picture.  It made him very happy that she wanted to remember him.  That she wanted a picture of him to have.  He noted that she was turning the rock she had picked up.  She rolled it faster in her hand as they passed mile marker six. 
Ben heard Anne gasp beside him as the road and view opened up.  He could see the shadow of clouds on the mountains beside them.  It was a spectacular sight.  Though he loved the mountains, he loved the peace and tranquility of his field more.  He looked over to see Anne with her eyes closed.
Anne had loved the drive during the first several miles.  It was beautiful the smell of balsams and the peek-a-boo views of the nearby mountains were incredible.  After they had stopped, they went around a corner, and the edge just dropped off.  The big boulders were on the edge and the only buffer from the valley below.
Anne let her mind wander back to the kiss in the parking lot yesterday.  The thought and feeling that she was in a completely different place.  She wished she could go there now.  She closed her eyes and tried again to hear the call of the Macaw perched high in the tree.
Ben looked over at Anne and felt a stab of guilt for putting her in a position in which she obviously did not feel comfortable.  He took his hand off the wheel reached out and touched her.  His mind taking her to the place she wanted to be.  He watched her smile and knew that she stood looking at the silly monkey high up in the canopy.  He could see with part of his mind the little monkey leaning down for a closer look.  The monkey looked like he was trying to figure them out.
It was funny seeing this through her eyes.  He knew almost immediately.  Anne’s heart did not long for this place.  Right now, it was an escape.  He closed the windows as he felt the temperature begin to fall.  The higher they got the cooler the air was getting.  He used his mind to keep Anne at a comfortable temperature.  He did not want her to feel the heat of the rainforest, only to escape to it for a few minutes more.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”  Ben heard Anne say, “don’t you drop that on me.”
Ben smiled as in his mind, he pulled her close to him as the monkey did indeed drop the nut he had been holding.  Anne laughed beside him as he parked the car.
He stood for a moment longer with her as she smiled up at the screaming monkey jumping through the branches high over their heads.
He rubbed her hand and pulled her back with him.  “So how was that?” he asked looking at her.
She looked around as if surprised the monkey was suddenly gone.  “We’re at the top?  I must have fallen asleep after all.”
“Really,” he asked as shut off the car.  He turned in his seat and looked at her watching her face as she spoke.
She looked around again then let her eyes settle on him.  She gave a sheepish smile as if what she was about to say was embarrassing.  “Do you remember in the parking lot yesterday when you kissed me?” She asked him.  She watched a slow smile spread over his face and cleared her throat.  “Well I told you that I felt like I was in a rainforest and that there was a monkey there.”  She looked up at him then back out the window.  “Well I dreamt about him.  I could see him very clearly.”  She smiled at the thought and turned back to him, “can you believe that thing was yelling at me.”
Ben smiled as he watched her, “yelling at you.  Why did he yell at you?”  He asked watching the emotions play over her face.
“I was too close.”
“You were too close?” Ben raised an eyebrow as he again took her hand in his.
“Well,” Anne said looking again at their joined hands.  “We were too close.”
“We,” he asked.
“Sorry I brought you with me, and it’s a good thing too.  Cause the mischievous little thing threw a nut at me.”  She paused and looked up at him.  “If you had not pulled me into you, I think it would have hit me.”
Ben leaned over and kissed her lips, “I am glad I was there then.”  He said as he got out of the car and walked to her door.  The air was indeed chilly he noted.  He stood a moment and let the air blow over him.  The temperature below had been in the mid eighties now it was forty degrees colder.  Taking into account the wind chill the temperature was just above freezing.
He looked around.  There was no way he could let Anne stand out here without a coat in these temperatures.  He walked to the back of the car and opened the trunk and took out a coat for Anne and another shirt for himself.  He opened Anne’s door and took her hand as she exited the car.  “It is beautiful up here,” he said looking around.
Anne shivered as the cool air hit her skin.  “Can I go see the monkey again?” she asked with a small pout.
Ben held his coat out for her and waited while she put her arms in.  He smiled at her.  His coat was huge on her, but it would help keep her warmer.  He put on his over shirt and leaned down and lowered his head for a slow kiss.  “And miss all of this,” he gestured as he pulled away.
“Okay, it is pretty but it is cold too,” she said as she pushed closer to his side as they climbed the stairs.  They stopped once and looked around before they headed toward the observation deck.  The area they had to walk through was like a wind tunnel.
Anne was so glad Ben had some warm stuff in his trunk.  It really did not make sense.  How many people drove around with a coat in the trunk in July?  She shrugged and smiled standing back from the edge and looking over was amazing.  She pulled his coat tighter around her.  The elevation and the cold air burned her lungs as she breathed in.  She turned her head for a moment and put her face in Ben’s chest breathing him in before she turned and looked out from the observation deck.
Ben pulled Anne in front of him and wrapped his arms around her as they stood looking out over the mountains before them.  The view was breath taking.  Valleys and peaks as far as the eye could see.  They stood in silence taking in the scenery people milled around them snapping pictures.
Ben smiled as Anne pulled out the camera and began taking pictures.  She put the camera in the coat pocket and leaned back into him again.  He looked down at her standing quietly in the circle of his arms.  He smiled knowing someday he would take her back here.  She would stand again in the circle of his arms held tight.  Next time she would know that he loved her with an endless love.  On our next visit here he thought we will not drive.
As if sensing him watching her Anne leaned back in his arms and looked up at him.  “Do you think I am crazy?”  She smiled up at him.  She watched his eyes travel over her face and slowly draw back to hers.
“Why would I think you are crazy?”
“Well I am seeing things that are not there.  Feeling things that I should not, hearing sounds that do not exist.  How could anyone not think I am crazy?”
Ben looked down at her for a moment and pressed her closer into his body.  “No, I don’t think you are crazy.”
Anne smiled up at him, “then you are probably the only one.”  Her smile slowly faded at the intense look on his face.  She looked mesmerized into his deep eyes, as he got ever closer.
“People,” she whispered as he drew near.
“Won’t see,” he said as his lips finally touched hers.
Ben closed them in a world of their own.  If anyone looked at them all they would see was Ben and Anne standing as they had been.  Looking at the mountains spread out before them.  As he deepened the kiss, he slowed the world.  On some level, he was not sure why he did that.  Today time did not matter.  She was here willingly with him.  In his arms letting him hold her and kiss her.  Perhaps he reasoned today was not long enough.  This day as the last one would soon end, and if he could add minutes on to spend with her then he would.
Ben could feel Anne settle in his arms.  He slid his hands under the coat to rest over her shirt.  He knew she was happy there enjoyed kissing him.  He still wanted to find the place her heart longed for.  Today, however, he was going to take her to the place he planned.
Anne stood within the circle of Ben’s arms so lost in his kiss that she did not care there were people around them.  The mountains spread out at her feet as she lost herself yet again in this man. She briefly wondered if she would see the little monkey when Ben kissed her.  Her mind went blank as she gave herself up to him.
Ben knew the second she had let go and in his mind began taking them to another place.  A place he had laid out in detail this morning as he watched her eat at the restaurant.  The air around them warmed.  The smell of hay, and cows drifted on the air.
Anne stirred in Ben’s arms.  She pulled away leaning her head further down on his arm and looked only into his eyes.  “Why do I smell cows?”  She asked him, “I don’t like cows.”
Ben smiled down at her, “you don’t like cows?  Cows give you the milk for your chocolate.”  He said as he again lowered his mouth to hers.
“Chocolate,” Anne whispered as his lips again ravaged hers.  She smiled against his mouth.  Boy does this man like to kiss. Wow, this man can kiss.  That was the last conscious thought Anne had for a while.
Ben felt Anne smile and took her with him deeper into the world he created in his mind.  He knew she was not aware of it yet.  So lost in him that she could not see or feel past what he was doing to her mouth.  He slid his fingers under the front of her shirt and ran them over her abdomen.  He felt her twitch at the unexpected touch and press her back closer to him.  He thought about how sensitive her skin was.  How soft she felt and for a moment let the world around them slip.  He brought his mind under control and removed his hand to wrap it around her again.
He knew she was not cold.  They were in a place where the temperature was pushing one hundred.  He had already removed her coat and his extra shirt.  He would have to watch the temperatures.  He did not want her to get a chill when he took her back.  He would have to hold the feelings until he got her back in the car and turned on the heat he thought.
He slowly eased the kiss and nibbled on her lower lip before capturing her mouth again.  Deliberately lightening the kiss, so she could feel and hear what was around her.  He wanted to know her reaction her thoughts.  He felt her tense as the sounds of cows getting closer.  Ben could hear the bell on one as it approached them.  ‘Do you want to touch it?’ his mind asked hers.  She quickly pulled her hands in and grabbed his arms.  ‘No,’ his mind said to hers, ‘you don’t have to fear it.  I won’t let it hurt you.’  He moved her from the pasture of cows to the horses.  Their tails slapping flies off their back hooves stomping to keep them off their legs.  Ben felt Anne relax just a little as she watched the horses eat grass.
He knew if she thought about it, she would think it strange.  She stood wrapped tightly in his arms kissing him for all she was worth.  At the same time, she was standing in a pasture watching the horses.  He smiled against her mouth.  Ben wondered what she was thinking.  When he was done, he would know.  He thought about reaching into her mind to find out.  He would rather hear her tell him than reach in and pull the information from her.
Anne felt Ben smile against her lips and sighed into him.  She let him take her deeper a part of her mind knowing they were standing on a very crowded observation deck.  With people moving about and not caring that, the kiss they were sharing belonged in a bedroom.  As Ben eased back, again she became aware of the farm once more.  She was standing on the edge of a pasture with horses milling about in front of her.  She watched a black stallion chase a smaller rival away from a female.  Anne smiled as it all but strutted back to its conquest.
She listened and heard a tractor, in the distance.  A farmer was readying the fields for harvest.  The smell of fresh hay and cows filled the air.  Anne smiled as she looked around.  There was nothing here but fields as far as the eye could see.
She heard music and turned back to look at the horses again they were gone in their place stood a saloon.  She could hear the music from a player piano drifting on the air.  Smell the stale beer and hear a fight as it broke out.  Anne jumped in Ben’s arms as the fighting began.  She stood transfixed watching the swinging doors expecting at any second for the fight to spill out on the street.
Anne’s brain registered her thoughts.  She looked down and saw she was indeed standing on a dirt road.  Horses with wagons attached tied up here and there.  She wanted to scream as fear gripped her.  She felt Ben as he moved to stand beside her.  She looked up at him.  ‘Where am I?’ she asked him.
‘You are in an Old West town.’  She heard him answer her though his lips did not move.
‘How did I get here?’
Ben just smiled at her and moved her off the street as a horse and wagon barreled toward them.
Ben could feel her confusion and again deepened the kiss to give her mind time to slow down.  He felt her relax in his arms and slowly exposed her to the Old West once more.
Anne smiled as a woman strolled down the street a gray bonnet on her head.  The woman wore a hand stitched floral dress dragging an unwilling child behind her.  She stopped in front of the old saloon and called out.
Anne watched as a big man pushed out the swinging doors and stopped several feet in front of the woman.  She could not hear what the woman said but could see the anger rising in the man.
Anne flinched and Ben pulled her into him, “it is alright.  They cannot see us.”  Anne relaxed only a little as she watched the man head toward the woman.  “He is going to hurt her,” she whispered to Ben.  She felt him move briefly beside her.  Her mouth falling open as she watched the big man stagger backwards into the saloon as if hit by some force she could not see.
She heard a sound and looked to her left to see the whole town spread out before her.  Wooden buildings lined both sides of the street her eyes drawn to another big man.  This one had on a long coat.  She watched his coat blow back in the breeze.  He wore his cowboy hat low over his eyes.  As his coat blew, she could see a badge pinned to his vest and the pistol in his gun belt.  Anne held her breath as the Sheriff looked in their direction.  He seemed to nod at them, and then looked away as he headed toward the saloon.
The big man had pulled himself up and was again heading toward the woman, ‘how did you do that?’  He screamed at her.
The woman pulled her child close to her skirts as she backed away.  She stopped as the sheriff stepped in front of her.  ‘I think you have had enough Abraham,’ the sheriff called to the big man.
‘Enough!’  Roared Abraham, ‘she hit me.  I don’t know how she did it.  But when I am done with her, she will never raise her hand to me again!’  Abraham started toward the woman as he reached for the pistol strapped to his side.
Anne held her breath afraid to move.  Wanting to close her eyes but not wanting to miss a scene, she was sure she would never see again.  This felt so real.  She could feel the dust in the air smell the stench of the old town.
She watched the woman pull her child behind her as she stood with her head buried in the sheriffs back.  As if she knew if she did not stand in the shelter of his body, her husband would kill her.
Ben looked down at Anne wondering if he should bring her back.  Afraid he would scare her or scar her.  He constructed a wall between them and the people around them ensuring her safety no matter what.  He did not want anything to happen to her.  He just found her and there was no way he was going to lose her ever again.
He watched, as she stood transfixed a look of horror in her eyes knowing how this would end yet curious to see it.  He pulled her closer to him as he looked back at the scene playing out before them.
Anne watched the Sheriff stare down the big man, ‘it is time for you to leave, Abraham.  Go home, or you will spend a night in jail.’
The big man continued to walk toward the Sheriff his hand on his weapon, ‘I told you Sheriff, she hit me!  She will never do it again!’
The woman looked up as the big man got closer fear visible on her face.  She started to move as if she was going to run.  The Sheriff reached around and pressed her body into his.  Anne knew he was speaking to the woman, but she could not hear him.  She watched the woman with her child’s face still pressed tightly into her skirts.  She wove her hand under the Sheriff’s coat.  Anne could see her slide her fingers under his vest and hold onto his suspenders.
Anne smiled at the image wondering if perhaps the woman and the Sheriff were lovers.
Anne looked around when she heard a noise near her.  There were towns’ people gathering on the streets.  Men were stepping out of the barbershop behind them.  Women and children were hanging out the windows above the shops.  Everyone was watching the drama unfold.
Anne smiled as she took in the cowboy boots and hats on the men. The men wore old chaps with guns strapped to their waist.  Some had rifles slung over their shoulders watching as if waiting to see if they would be needed.
She turned to her left and watched a man come to stand beside her.  She moved closer to Ben as the man almost brushed against her.  She looked up into the face of the man standing so close she could see an old scar running along his jaw. 
She reached out her hand toward the man as if to see if she could touch him.  To see if she could trace the scar she could see on his face.  He looked so real the stench coming off his unwashed body and clothes was palpable.  A breath away from touching him Ben grabbed her hand.  “You don’t want to do that,” he told her.
“I just want to see if he is real,” she whispered.  “Why would you let me touch the cow?”
“The cow” he said smiling down at her, “would not have minded if you touched him.  That man, however, will not like it.  And if you touch him, he will disappear.”
“Why will he disappear?  He looks and smells so real.”
“He is real you just don’t belong here.”  Ben said as she dropped her hand.  “He lived a long time ago.  You are from another time and cannot touch him.”
Anne looked up at Ben, “can you touch him?”
Ben took his hand and put it on the man’s shoulder.  The man looked to his right and nodded at Ben.
Anne’s jaw dropped in surprise, “he can see you.”  She whispered watching the man.
“Yes he can see me.  To him, I belong here, but you do not.  Therefore, you must not touch the people here okay?” Ben asked looking back down at her.
Anne’s eyes widened as she looked at Ben.  He was no longer dressed in jeans, and a tee shirt.  Instead, he looked like everyone else around them.  She gaped at him, “how did you do that?”  She asked looking at Ben dressed in the clothes of the Old West.  She shook her head marveling at him, “can I stay and watch?”
Ben brushed her face and winked at her, “yes, if you want,” he said as they turned as one to watch the Sheriff.
‘Abraham you better take your hand off your pistol and come quietly with me.’  The Sheriff said not taking his eyes off the big man.
Anne studied the Sheriff.  She could see blonde hair sticking out the back of his hat.  He looked about six feet tall a big well-muscled man.  She wondered briefly, what he did to build his physique.  He stood unafraid and unmoving in front of a man who was about his size but obviously still very angry.  She watched him stand with no fear a shield to the woman and child.
As she watched him, an image of Ben flashed in her mind.  She saw the way he stood in the parking lot strong, tall and unmoving a man who somehow did not belong.  That is what she could now see looking at this man.  For some reason, she felt he was in the wrong place and time.  Anne looked up at Ben.  He was still watching the Sheriff.  She smiled as she noticed he had on jeans and a tee shirt again.  She looked back and wondered how the Sheriff got there, then gave a short laugh.  How did I get here?
She looked at the woman clinging to the Sheriff.  She was trying to decide if she too was in the wrong place.  No Anne thought to herself.  She belongs here, but he does not. she was sure of that.
It felt like they had stood frozen for hours watching, waiting.  To see if the man would stand down or if the Sheriff would have to shoot him down.  Anne watched in relief as the big man removed his hand from his weapon and head hanging walked toward the Sheriff.  Two men appeared as if out of nowhere and led him around the Sheriff.
As the men passed the Sheriff, his arm around the woman, he turned them.  He always stood between her and her husband the child shuffling along in her skirts.  The Sheriff ended up facing in their direction when they stopped and Anne watched him look again at them.  His eyes first fixed on Ben then on her.  He seemed to check her out.  Anne looked up at Ben to see him nod at the Sheriff.
She watched Ben turn toward her and look down into her eyes.  “Done” he said as he wrapped her in his arms and kissed her.  Anne closed her eyes and felt the warm afternoon sun.  She heard a wagon rattle past and sighed in Ben’s arms.  She could hear the sounds of the towns’ people getting back to their lives as the scene broke up in front of them.
Anne felt a twinge in her neck and moved it just a little so as not to break the kiss with Ben.  She could feel him behind her pressed against her back.  His arms wrapped around her and her head resting on his arm.  Anne froze as her brain registered that her back was to Ben.  He had just been standing to her right and had pulled her into his arms.  She had been facing him, as she pulled away and looked around she realized she was no longer in the Old West.  Instead, Ben held her tightly in his arms as they looked again out from Mount Washington.
Ben felt Anne shiver, “Come on,” he said as he led her back to the car.  He opened the door and held it as she again looked around her.  She slid in without a word and fastened her seatbelt.
Ben said nothing as he got behind the wheel turned on the heat and started driving.  That was almost more than he bargained for he thought.  He knew if there was any danger, he would have been able to get her safely out.  He gripped the steering wheel thinking about how dangerous that could have been.  He saw Caleb and knew he would have done everything in his power to intervene.  This was his fault.  He took a chance with her, a reckless chance.
Anne could feel the tension rising in the car.  She looked over at him and quietly asked, “why are you getting angry?”  “You did that, didn’t you?”  She asked looking at his face.  Ben continued to look at the road not moving not speaking.  She started to fidget with her hair and looked out the window.  “Did I make you angry?  Should I not know?”  Anne twisted her hair around her fingers as Ben continued to sit silent beside her.  “Tell me do you want me to forget what I saw what I heard?”  She looked back up at his stony face, “perhaps it was not you.  Maybe I am going crazy like I said.”
She jumped as Ben gently pulled her hair from around her fingers and took her hand.  “It was stupid,” he said.
Anne rubbed his hand, “why was it stupid did you think I would not figure it out.  I mean the first time it was subtle this time it was not.  Is that why you are angry?  That I know it is you.”
Ben took a deep breath beside her and leaned forward to shift positions and ease the tension in his back a little.  “No I am not angry you figured it out.  I am mad at myself for putting you into a dangerous situation.”
“But” Anne began, “you told me they could not see me.”
“No they could not.  Just as the monkey, if he hit you, he could have hurt you and the same with a bullet.  If they had started shooting, they could have killed you.  I put up a wall in front of you, but it might not have been enough.”
“I felt safe,” Anne whispered to him.  “Just as I do now, driving back down this mountain.  I am not afraid.”  Anne squeezed his hand to get him to look over at her for a second.  She smiled up at him.  “So yesterday you asked me, how long I had the ability to see the future, now it is my turn.  How long have you been able to see a different time and to let someone else see it too?  Can anyone see it or do you have to be kissing them?”
Anne looked back out the window and drew in a sharp breath.  She turned stunned eyes on him, and she covered her mouth with her hands.  “You said they could have hurt me.”  She said as she started to shake, her stomach clutching in fear.  “We did not just see it.  We were actually there in another time another place.”  She continued to look up at him trying to figure it all out.  “Time the reason it felt like I was with you only seconds when minutes passed was because of you.”  She continued to look at him her mind racing trying to understand.  “How can you do that?  Why are you showing this to me?  Tell me, this is not real.  I am dreaming right.  I did not see what I thought I saw, did not feel what I thought I felt, how could I?”  She looked out the window her hand wrapped in her hair twisting.
Ben continued to drive in silence down the mountain.  Concentrating, for the moment, on what he was doing.  He exited the gate at the base of the auto road and crossed the street, so they could get some food at the cafe.  He pulled into a spot and sat looking straight ahead cursing himself.   He had exposed her to way too much.  He looked over at her, and before she could protest, he unbuckled her.  Ben pulled her into his arms and kissed her hard.
Anne struggled in his arms pushing at him trying to get him to release her.  She felt his kiss ease, and his arms loosen on her.  Relaxing in his arms, she let go of the tension and got lost in him.  The feel of him his scent and taste aroused her as much as it calmed her.  She sighed against his mouth as he gently kissed her.
Ben eased Anne back into her seat careful not to disturb her.  He gently adjusted the seat belt around her.  “I am sorry,” he said as he reached a hand out and softly stroked her sleeping face.  Ben watched her sleep a moment more he smiled taking in her beauty.  She had long light brown hair with some natural waves in it.  He laughed at himself as he leaned over and looked closely trying to find any signs of gray.  He knew she was a little young only forty-six.  
He learned from her vision that she would die within thirty years.  Tears clogged his throat at the thought.  Though Ben knew, he would not lose her then.
He brushed a hand down her face enjoying the softness of her skin, tracing the fine bones of her jaw.  He leaned over and gently kissed her lips and watched her eyelashes flutter open, saw her expressive cocoa colored eyes looking at him.
He smiled at her, “did you have a nice nap?”  He continued to stroke her jaw as he watched her slowly wake up.  “We are at the bottom.”  He told her, “I thought you would be hungry.  This was the closest place, so I thought we could try the cafe.
Anne stretched and smiled up at him, “I am hungry,” she said as she looked around.  “I fell asleep again.  I am sorry.  I thought I got a lot of sleep last night.”
“It must be from all the driving you did in the last few days,” Ben said watching her.  “Did you dream about me?”  He asked grinning at her.
“You wish,” she shook her head at him.  “It was a screaming monkey, he was yelling at me.”
“Well, that was not very nice now was it?”  Ben said as he got out of the car.
Anne watched him walk around the car.  She looked over toward Mount Washington and smiled.  ‘I guess the drive was not that bad,’ she thought, ‘especially because I slept in both directions.  She looked down at her watch and was surprised to see that it was almost four.  They had spent over five hours on the summit.  She took Ben’s offered hand as he opened her door.  “How is it that time seems to stand still when I am with you and yet at the same time it seems to fly by?”
Ben pulled her into his arms, “I am not quite sure,” he said against her lips.  He pulled back and looked at her, “are you enjoying your time with me?”
Anne smiled up at him.  “Yes I am thank you.”
They entered the cafe and walked to the counter to look at the menu.  Anne found that she was starving again.  Being with this man increased her appetite, for some reason.  Perhaps it is all the kissing she thought with a blush.
Ben watched Anne through hooded eyes.  He turned his head and looked at her crooked when she blushed.  He wondered again, what was going through her mind?
Looking into her eyes when she woke up, he knew that she did not remember the day’s events.  He would regret for a long time what he did to her today.  He wanted to give her pleasure not pain.  Today he caused her a great deal of pain and confusion.
He cleared his mind when he heard her voice, “will you order a turkey club for me please?  I am going to run to the ladies’ room.”
Ben assured her he would take care of it as he watched her head toward the restroom.  He placed the order and waited while the food was prepared.  He looked around the room and walked to a table near the windows overlooking the mountains.
Ben sat looking out the window and again drew in his mind the town in the Old West.  He stood outside the Saloon as he and Anne had earlier.  He looked around him watching the people as they hurried here and there.  He headed toward the Sheriff’s office.  Tipping his hat to a lady who looked at him when he walked by.  He stopped outside the office looked around one last time and opened the door.  He saw the Sheriff leaned back in a chair his feet on the desk looking to all, as if he were sleeping.  Ben walked over to the cabinet and picked up two glasses and poured shots of whiskey.  He sat on the edge of the desk and put the glass into the Sheriff’s out stretched hand.
The Sheriff looked at the man sitting on his desk tipped his hat back off his eyes.  He raised his glass in salute and drank the whiskey in one swallow.
Ben nodded and followed suit.  “It is good to see you,” he said to the Sheriff.
“As with you, my friend,” Caleb said as he held out his glass for another round.
Ben picked up the bottle and refilled Caleb’s glass.  His glass full Caleb gestured towards Ben’s empty glass.  “No I have to get back,” Ben said, with a smile.
“Afraid you will take a wrong turn,” Caleb joked as he raised the glass to his mouth.  “Why so pensive my friend,” Caleb asked carefully studying Ben.
Ben set the glass on the table and wandered around the room he looked at the old pictures hung on the wall and paused as one caught his attention.  It was a picture of him and Caleb taken during the Alaskan Gold Rush close to thirty years after this time.  He looked over at Caleb and gestured toward the picture.
Caleb shrugged, “I like that one,” he said, “reminds me of old times.”
Ben scoffed and continued looking around.  He loved the history of this time but knew that unlike his friend, he did not belong here.
Caleb stood, “so how long do you have?”
“How long do you need?”  Ben reached out a hand and placed it on his friend’s shoulder as they walked out the door.  Passing a deputy at the corner Caleb let him know that he had the watch for a while.  The two men continued down through the town.
Ben looked around noting that the town was settling in for the night.  Women closed in their homes while the men ventured out to the saloon or the brothel.  He could hear the music from the saloon and an occasional argument or laugh.  He continued with Caleb to the end of the buildings then went up an outside set of stairs into his place.
Ben took in his surroundings noting that Caleb kept it simple.  If anyone came in here, they would think Caleb belonged.  Except for the picture hung in the office and another one of them at the building of the Hoover Damn, he blended in.
Ben shook his head at Caleb.  “Are you trying to see how fast you can get hung?”
Caleb smiled then gestured to a chair as he stirred the stew, that was hanging over the fire waiting for him.  He took fresh bread off the shelf and placed it on the table with a couple of glasses.
Ben looked up and smiled, ‘if I had known you were going to feed me.  I would not be sitting in a restaurant waiting on dinner.”
Caleb shook his head at him, “go.  I will wait for you.”  He said as he served himself and began to eat.  He looked up from his dish to see Ben was gone.  He shook his head went back to his meal and waited.
Anne walked toward the table and saw Ben looking out the window lost in thought.  She could not get over how handsome he was.  She thought again how out of place he looked.  She could not put her finger on what it was.  There was something about him that just did not belong.  “Hi,” she said as she sat down across from him.  “Was I gone long?”
Ben looked up at her, “too long,” he said with a smile.
“What did you think of Mount Washington?  Was that different enough for you today?”
He picked up his water bottle as he looked into her eyes.  “Yes it was intoxicating.” He gave her a meaningful look as he put the bottle to his lips.  He had thought about kissing her again but remembered the whiskey and knew she would taste it on his lips.  He continued to study her as she looked out the windows.
“I noticed that you like being in the mountains.”  He said watching her.
“Yes It is beautiful here.” She said to Ben.  “I would never get tired of looking at them.  They seem to change constantly.”
Anne picked up her food and ate in silence quickly devouring everything on her plate.  She looked over at Ben, who had also finished his meal, “I can’t believe how hungry I was.”
“Would you like something else?” He asked.
Anne shook her head, “no.  I have had enough.  I am very tired.  I took two naps today.  I slept until almost nine thirty, and here I am ready for bed again.”
Ben gave her a concerned look and reached a hand out to see if she had a fever.  He noted that she looked flushed and felt very warm.  He walked her toward the door and closed them in a world of their own.  When he was sure no one could see them, he took her from that place back to her room.
Anne leaned her head back on Ben and listened to the sound of his voice.  She could not understand what he was saying but the rhythmic sound was helping her drift off to sleep.  She never felt him picking her up in his arms and carrying her to her room.
Ben laid her gently on the bed.  He could feel the fever coming off her now.  Walking in the bathroom, he grabbed a cloth and wet it.  As he placed it on her forehead, he thought of Caleb using his mind to call out to him.
He took extra blankets from the draw and brought them up over her as Caleb stepped up beside him.  “Ice,” Ben said without looking up.  He took the cloth from her and returned to the bathroom to cool it off again.  When he returned Caleb was sitting on the bed rubbing Anne’s dry lips with an ice chip.
“Malaria,” he said.  “How is this possible?  The incubation time is at minimum ten days.  I have never seen anything like this.”  He looked up at Ben.  “You know as well as I do how often we have brought people, in and out.”  Caleb looked back down at Anne, “how could this be.”  He watched as fever ravaged the woman’s body, and she began to shake violently.  He did not want to think about the others they have taken.  How many could have suffered this same fate?
Ben shook his head and added ice to the washcloth as he placed it on her forehead.  “I thought I had protected her.  I put up a wall, in case there was shooting or fighting.  I can’t believe I did not think about mosquitos.”
Caleb stood up.  “There is only one thing you can do, or you lose her now.”  He paused and looked down at the woman on the bed.  “Again,” he said quietly.
Ben glanced up at Caleb, and then back at Anne.  Shaking his head as he realized wiping her memory today had been a blessing in disguise.
Gathering Anne in his arms, he stood looking at Caleb.  “I am going to need your help.”
“Let me see.”  Caleb said, as he too stood.  Reaching out he placed a hand on each of them.  He closed his eyes and let their minds take him back.  He paused and raised an eyebrow at Ben.
“Long story,” Ben said shaking his head.
“Try to avoid it next time that is probably why she picked this up so fast.  Taking her back and forth and wiping her mind wore down any natural defenses she had.”  Caleb said gently to his friend.  “I know you have not taken anyone in a while.  So try to remember the way it was.  Take caution.  You can’t wipe her mind right after a trip.  You know more than anyone to expect the unexpected.”
Ben looked at his friend and took a deep breath.  He wanted to take a swing at Caleb.  No, he wanted to take a swing at himself.  He knew this was his own fault.  How could he have been so stupid?   It had been years since the last time he traveled with anyone.  He usually took precautions.  With her, he should have been especially careful.
Anne stirred in Ben’s arms.  She was so tired.  She did not have the energy to open her eyes.  She tried to speak but no words came out just a low moan.  She could hear Ben talking to someone, but she did not know who it was.
“You have enough to carry,” Caleb said to Ben.  “Let me take her.”
Ben placed Anne in Caleb’s arms and looked down at her one last time.  “How far,” he asked his friend.  “I am not sure when.”
Caleb looked at Ben.  “You have to trust yourself.  You know you are the only one with the answer.”  He said as he and Anne vanished from the room. 
Ben stood a moment more looked around the room then closed his eyes and he and everything else went back in time.
Anne smiled as she watched a black stallion race across the field.  “It is beautiful,” she whispered.  “Is it real?” 
“Yes,” She heard Ben say as he came to stand beside her.
“Can I touch it?”  Anne asked looking up at Ben.  She watched him as he looked away from her turning his eyes on the stallion.  She felt something brush her arm and looked over to see the stallion standing in front of her.  The stallion continued to brush his face on her arm as Anne laughed.  It was even more beautiful close, she thought.  She kept her hands at her side as the big horse continued to nudge at her.  She heard Ben laugh beside her as he reached out and stroked the stallion’s forehead and down its long nose.
Anne watched as the horse turned its attention from her. It began to nudge at Ben.  It kept nudging at him as it had with her looking for attention.  She watched in awe as a carrot suddenly appeared in Ben’s hand.  The stallion greedily ate it and began nosing around for more.
“Do you want to feed him?”  Ben asked looking at her.  She smiled up at him and held out her hand for a carrot.
She held the carrot up for the stallion and laughed as it quickly devoured it.  Anne slowly raised her hand and ran it along the side of the stallion’s head.  He was a magnificent animal she thought so beautiful, and strong.  “Do you want to ride him?”  She heard Ben say from beside her.
“I have never ridden a horse before,” she said not taking her eyes from the animal in front of her.
“I will help you,” he said.
“We don’t have a saddle, and the owner might not want us riding his horse without permission.”  She said looking up at him.
Ben brushed her cheek.  “He won’t mind,” he said as he lowered his head and took her into a short kiss.
Anne looked back at the stallion when it nudged her arm again.  She laughed and began stroking him some more.  “Would you mind if we rode you?”  She asked him.  The stallion whinnied in response and nudged her arm again.  “Okay,” Anne said laughing up at it.  “How are we going to get up there?”  She asked looking up at Ben.
“Easy,” Ben pulled her back into him and held her for a moment.  He could not feel any fever coming off her.  He closed his eyes thankful that he had been with her when she got ill, or she would have died.  ‘And I would have lost her all over again.’  His heart clenched at the thought.  He raised her up, so she was level with the stallion.  Anne slowly moved one leg and put it over the big horse.  She grabbed the mane and held on as Ben lowered her onto the huge animal. 
Anne closed her eyes and smiled.  She could not believe she was sitting on a horse.  She felt the stallion shift beneath her as if ready to run.  She looked down at Ben and watched as he put a hand on the stallions flank and jumped up.  “How did you do that?”  She asked giving him a stunned look.
“Basketball,” was all he said in reply.
Ben put an arm around her and pulled her body back into his.  She let go of the mane as Ben wrapped the fingers of his right hand in it.  “Ready,” he whispered into her ear.
Anne just smiled and nodded.  The stallion turned and began to walk across the open field.  “This is incredible.”  Anne said as she looked up at Ben. “Thank you,” she said as she leaned up and kissed his chin.
Ben smiled down at her and pulled her closer into his body.  He nudged the stallion into a trot and gave it lead.  They relaxed in the rhythmic feel of its powerful body moving beneath them.  He closed his eyes and buried his face in Anne’s hair.  Holding her close to him, he lost himself in her.  Ben shifted Anne so that she was leaned back in his arms and looked down into her eyes.  He watched the pleasure and excitement in her eyes slowly turn to passion as she looked up at him.
He stroked a hand along her jaw.  “You are so beautiful,” he said as he slowly lowered his head.
Anne sighed into his kiss forgetting all around her, as she got lost in him again.  His mouth moving magically over hers in a way he knew heightened her senses.  She could stay forever lost held in his arms, lost in his kiss.
‘This is so crazy,’ she thought as she broke away from him.
She turned away from Ben and looked around.  They seemed to be going along an old country road.  Anne smiled as they passed a rickety cabin that looked like it belonged in the eighteen hundreds.  Up ahead she could see what looked like an old town.  She was sure she could hear the music from a player piano.  She turned around and looked at Ben to see his reaction to what she was seeing.
“Do you like it?” he asked her as he turned the horse toward the old Sheriff’s office.
“Yes I,” Anne dropped off with a gasp as she noticed people moving here and there.  The town spread out before them like an old western.  She saw a barbershop, a general store, and a lumberyard.  At the end of the street she could see a saloon.  ‘It is beautiful,’ Anne thought as she looked again toward the Sheriff’s office.  She could see the Sheriff now leaning back in a chair his feet on a rail in front of him.  Hat pulled low over his eyes his arms folded across his big chest.  They stopped in front of him as Ben slid off the horse.  He reached up and took her down.  “Can they see us?”
“No, we can move unnoticed.”
Anne heard a sound from beside her and held her breath.  The Sheriff pushed the hat off his head and seemed to look right at them.  He stood and stretched as if he had been sitting in that spot for a very long time watching and waiting.  Anne moved closer to Ben as the Sheriff stepped off the porch and walked toward them.  She stood frozen looking up at him as he stopped a few feet from her.  Anne watched him as he looked around the town as if inspecting that all was as it should be.  He looked down at Anne, and she drew in a sharp breath and clung to Ben’s arm.  “He can see me, she whispered.”
“He can see you,” Ben confirmed.
“Why can he see me?”  She asked still looking up at the big Sheriff.
The Sheriff never taking his eyes from Anne said, “I am here to protect you.”
Anne’s jaw dropped.  She stood shaking looking at him.  “How can you hear me?”
“Because I, like you do not belong here,” he said looking down the old street.  He nodded at Ben and put his hand at the small of Anne’s back as they walked toward some commotion in front of the saloon.
The Sheriff dropped his hand and walked a few steps in front of them.  Ben pulled Anne to the side so they could better see what was happening.  She stood transfixed as a big man yelled at a woman with a small child wrapped in her skirts.  The Sheriff had positioned himself between the woman and her angry husband.  “It is time for you to go.”  Anne heard the Sheriff say.  She looked around her to see people gathering on the streets.  Men stood quiet with pistols and rifles.  Women and children were hanging out windows and doors.  Waiting, watching to see what would happen next.  She froze as a man walked up and stopped beside her and Ben.  He looked, and smelled so real she thought.  She started to reach a hand up to touch the long scar that ran along his jaw but stopped when she heard a man yell.
She looked back toward the Sheriff.  The woman was now hiding behind his back her child cowering behind her.
“I am telling you to leave right now.” The Sheriff said his voice calm and even.  “Or you will spend the night in my jail.”
The man started forward when his eyes met the Sheriffs.  He must have seen something in them because he suddenly turned and walked away.
Anne realized she felt tense her neck sore from it.  She looked up as Ben began to massage the back of her sore neck.  He smiled down at her then looked at the Sheriff again.  A look she could not understand crossed his face.  She looked up at the Sheriff to find him looking at her once more.  She gasped in shock when he winked at her.
Ben smiled and nodded to his friend.  He pulled Anne into his arms and kissed her.  The world around them dissolved, and they were once again on the platform at Mount Washington.
Anne looked up at Ben.  “My neck hurts,” she said moving her head around.  “How long have we been standing here?”
“A bit,” Ben said as he reached out and began rubbing her neck again.  “Are you getting hungry?  We could go down to the cafe for some food,” he said as he kissed her nose.
Anne looked back out over the mountains and smiled.  “Yes I am.”  She took his arm as they slowly walked toward his car.
Ben reached a hand out as he started to drive and put Anne into a deep sleep.  He knew she would still need rest after her sudden illness and wanted to make sure she had fully recovered.
He pulled into a turnout and looked over at her sleeping form.  He gently brushed a hand down her face before he stepped out of the car.
He walked to the trees and closed his eyes taking in the smell of the balsams.  Ben walked down a little path careful to step only on the rocks, so he would not damage the vegetation growing on the side of the mountain.
He stopped and looked out over the buildings below.  He could see the entrance to the auto road and the building across the street.  He would take Anne back there, and they would again have lunch.  He had thought about eating at the cafe at the top this time but chose instead to continue to the bottom.  He bent down and picked a few of the wild blueberries that were growing along the mountain side.  He ate them while he listened to the silence around him.  He had walked far enough away from the road that he could not hear the cars going up or down.  Standing in this spot he felt alone.  He began walking back to the car and stopped just on the edge of the trees and listened.  He could still hear Anne’s heart beating, could feel every breath she took.  He looked around one last time and smiled because he knew he would never be alone again.
They crossed the road and parked in the lot at the gift shop and cafe.  Ben came around the car and opened her door.  He watched her look around lost deep in thought as she walked beside him.
“I need to use the ladies’ room,” she said as they entered the building.  Ben nodded and followed her down the stairs.  They walked through the bike shop heading toward the restrooms.  As she entered the women’s room he leaned against the lockers to wait.  He felt a shift in the air and looked up the stairs as time around him froze.  He watched the man descend the stairs and stop in front of him.  He smiled and pulled his old friend in for a quick hug.
Ben stepped back and looked at Caleb.  “Thank you.”
“So she is fine?”  Caleb asked looking at the closed door.
“She seems to be.  I brought her back thirty minutes later this time.  She was already getting sick by now.  I am so stupid.  I cannot believe I did not think about that,” Ben said.
“It is fixed,” Caleb said, looking around him.  “I like it,” he said with a smile.
“Yeah,” Ben said, “it is a good time.”
Caleb nodded at Ben.  “I think I will hang around for a while,” he said.  As he walked back up the stairs, time moved on.
Ben straightened as Anne came out of the women’s room.  He smiled at her, “ready for some food?”  He led her to the cafe where they sat at a table near the windows.
Anne smiled as she looked out at Mount Washington.  “Thank you Ben.  I had a wonderful time.”
“You are welcome,” he replied.  “I will go get our food does a turkey club sound good?”
Anne smiled up at him.  “That is fine, thank you.”  She watched Ben walk off and looked out the windows.  The ride really was not that bad.  Ben was a confident driver, and his calm helped her relax.  She looked through her lashes and watched him as he walked back to her.  There was something magical about him.  How could he make her feel like she was in a different place and time when he kissed her?
She wondered for a moment if he thought he did not kiss well.  Did he think he needed to distract her with different places?  Anne thought about this for a second then realized that while she was experiencing something new he was not kissing her.  He was standing next to her or behind her.  It was all very confusing but very fun.  Looking at him seeing and feeling his confidence, she was sure he knew he kissed very well. Anne smiled thinking about that.  She thought he kissed very well too and would love to do it again soon.
“Thank you,” she said as Ben put her sandwich on the table.  She saw movement beside her and looked to her left as a man sat at the next table.  She looked at his profile thinking he looked familiar somehow.  She could not quite place him from this angle.  She continued to look at him until he turned and looked back at her.  Anne could not control her gasp when he turned his face.  “Sheriff,” she whispered.
“Ma’am,” he said as he turned back to eat.
Anne turned startled eyes to Ben.  He too was looking at the Sheriff.  Ben gave the Sheriff a look of amusement as he shook his head.  She looked back at the Sheriff as he spoke without looking up from his food.  “Just trying to move things along,” he said.
Anne was distracted as a family walked past them.  When the family left the Sheriff stood.  She almost laughed, as his clothes seemed to change in front of her.  No longer, did he blend in, but now he wore the clothes of the Old West.  He reached out and picked up a cowboy hat that had appeared on the table beside his plate.  He winked at her then turned and walked off.  His long coat blowing back in a breeze she could not feel.  His back to them, he raised his hat in salute, “visit sometime.”  He said as he disappeared in a cloud of fog and dust.
Anne looked at the people around the room and realized that none of them noticed the Sheriff. They did not see the big man walking across the room looking like he just stepped out of the Wild West.  They could not hear the words he spoke and had no knowledge that a traveler in time vanished in a cloud of dust and fog before them.
Anne forgot to breathe as she looked back at Ben.  “It was real,” she said finally taking a breath.  “How did he do that?”
Ben did not look up as he cleaned up the table.  He stood and took her cold hand in his.  “Would you like to disappear like that?”
Anne looked up into his deep-blue eyes.  “You mean we could just go and have no one know that we were here?”  She looked at him in amazement.  She scanned the room everyone around them seemed to be absorbed in their own little world.  They did not notice what was happening around them.
She looked back up at Ben and seemed to think for a moment.  “No.  I do not want to do that.  I just want to know how you can do that.”
Ben let go of her hand and gestured toward the door then followed her out.  He shook his head as he heard Caleb’s voice.  ‘Sorry,’ his old friend said with a laugh.
‘Payback,’ Ben said in his mind to him.  ‘Wait for payback.’
Anne continued to walk in silence toward the car.  She did not look or reach for him.  She walked her mind racing.  It was real.  It was all real.  How could this be?  A history teacher she thought with a snort.  She stopped short when she remembered he said he had never married.  How long has he lived?  How far has he traveled?  What does he search for and for who does he wait?
She spun and watched him walking up to her.  Anne thought again that he looked out of place.  Now she knew why.  He no more belonged in this place than she did in the Old West.  She watched him stop in front of her.  He appeared to be standing at ease, but she could feel the tension coming off him.  He was waiting for her reaction.  Wondering what she would think of him, how she would feel.
She stood quietly in the late afternoon thinking about the last two days.  Going over in her mind everything that had happened as questions raced.  She realized looking at him that she was not afraid of him.  With him, she felt safe and protected.  She felt like the woman and child in the Old West hiding within the shadow of the Sheriff.  Knowing as long as she stood with him no one could hurt her.
Anne lowered her head then looked back up into his eyes.  She was surprised to see pain in them.  Like waiting for her rejection hurt him.  Her heart squeezed a little at the thought that she was hurting him.  She could not do that.  She would rather hurt herself than others.  It was the way she had always been.  She drew a deep breath and tried to get her thoughts in order, as he stood silent before her.
Her eyes traveled over his face.  Her heart lifted just a little.  She liked kissing him.  She thought.  How do I really feel about him?  Could I walk away now?  Would I just miss kissing him?  She reasoned it out as she continued to study him.  Would I miss not getting to know him?  Do I want to find out more about him?  Find out who he really is.  I wonder if he will tell me how he can do such incredible things.
She smiled.  I wonder she thought.  Could he take me to an empty field looking up with a million stars in the sky?  A place where truly no one existed except them.  She thought a moment and could see it in her mind.
She was laid back in the grass an endless star lit sky above.  As she looked up at the stars in wonder, she could see Ben rising up over her.  He was gently taking her in his arms and making love to her on the moonless night.
Anne shook her head and gasped.  What is wrong with me?  How could I be so selfish?  She looked again at Ben saw still the pained look.  “I like your friend,” she said quietly.
Ben stood unmoving before her searching her face trying to gauge her mood.  “Would you like to see him again sometime?”
“I am not sure,” Anne said as she began rubbing her hands up and down her suddenly cold arms.
Ben took the keys out of his pocket and unlocked the car.  Careful not to touch her.  He opened the door and waited while she slid in.  Without waiting to see if she buckled, he walked around the front of the car.  He silently got in and started it up.  He adjusted the heat and leaned back in the seat waiting for her.
Anne turned and faced him.  Pulling on a strand of hair and wrapping it around her fingers as she continued to think.  She felt Ben move.  She looked up and watched as he reached out and slid her hair out of her fingers.  He slowly took her hand in his and looked into her face.  “I am sorry.  I never tried to hurt you.”  He closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath.  He looked back at her as she took back her hand.
She raised her hand and brushed it along the side of his face.  Never taking her eyes from his, “I am not hurt.  You gave me something I could not have had without you.  A chance to see the past to be a part of it,” she brought her hand back down and placed it again in his.  “I don’t know what you are or who you are.  However, I do know that, I am safe with you.  I am not sure why I am so positive of that, but I am.  I am not afraid of you, and I think if you will let me,” she said giving him a small smile.  “I would really like to get to know you.”
Ben closed his eyes.  Her kindness and compassion even when faced with something she did not understand humbled him.  The more time he spent with her opened his eyes to how truly beautiful she was.  He knew she was confused and had questions, but she did not ask.  She tried only to make him feel better.  To ensure he was not hurt by her words or actions.  He slowly raised her chin and smiled at her.  “I would be honored.”  He leaned toward her and kissed her willing mouth passionately.
“So,” he said leaning back.  “What do you want to know?”
Anne thought for a moment then smiled as she looked up at him. “Do you have to kiss me or touch me to make me see or feel something else?”
Anne watched Ben, as he seemed to consider this.  Never taking his eyes from hers, he slowly pulled his hand away.  Anne jumped in her seat and grabbed for Ben’s hand when she heard a monkey scream.  “It is alright,” Ben told her in a soothing voice.  “Always remember I will protect you.”  He felt her relax again as he gently stroked her hand.  “Look around you,” he told her.
Anne slowly turned laughing when she realized she was still sitting in Ben’s car.  They were no longer parked at the foot of Mount Washington.  They were deep in a jungle.  She could hear monkeys calling from the canopy and watched a macaw as it landed on the hood of the car.  She watched in amazement as the forest moved around her, as if they were not there.  “Can they see us,” she asked as the macaw flew off the car.
Ben sat watching her.  The sheer pleasure on her face was something he enjoyed watching.  He took his hand from hers and brushed her hair back.  She turned slowly and looked at him.  Her eyes filled with delight gave him so much pleasure.  He smiled down at her.  Putting the car in gear, he left the parking lot.
Anne looked from Ben back out the window and gasped.  They were heading south on Route 16 everything was as it was moments before.  She looked at the clock and noticed that it was five forty.  They had been in the jungle for twenty minutes.  She looked up at Ben, “How can that be?  It seems like only seconds we were there.”
She looked up at him and continued without letting him answer.  “Does that make you tired?  How long can you do that?  Can you only do it a few times a day?  No, no” she held a hand up, “don’t answer.  I know this is a part of you.  I want to get to know you.  Not make you feel uncomfortable because I ask so many questions.”
Ben said nothing as he glanced at her and continued to drive in silence.  He took a left turn at the light to head back to the hotel.  He did not want this night to end.  Though he knew like last night, he would go to her and hold her while she slept.
He could feel her mind still racing beside him.  As she tried to come to terms with everything she remembered.  Trying to understand everything she had seen and heard.  He shook his head knowing it was an awful lot for her to take in.
The others the ones he had transported before her knew what he could do and used him only for that.  He had yet to meet someone who loved him because of the man he was.  Someone who knew what he was capable of but who wanted the man more.  He had spent lifetimes away.  Watching and waiting searching for the one he knew belonged to him.  Searching for the one who would want to know him and would not care who or what he was.  He had been trying to find someone who would not selfishly use him.  Someone who would not ask to be taken to some place for one reason or another.  Caleb had come to terms with that world.  He had used them as much as they used him.  Caleb had accepted it for what it was but Ben could not.
There were others many more like him.  Some still roamed through time here but most like him had left.  They found no reason to stay.  They like Ben did not want to be the sideshow freak in the circus.  Afraid they would be the new experiment on the scientist’s table.  They had left and found other worlds to explore.  They now mingled in with people who did not know them.
Ben had been gone from this place for over a hundred years before he chose to come back.  To search once more for her to find the one he knew was there.  To find the one who called out to him without knowing it.  He had felt her as she entered the World followed her as she grew.  He stood silent watching and waiting when she fell in love and married.  Waiting for her and knowing that it was almost time to go to her.
He looked again at Anne, and he knew still it was not time.  She did not love him.  She may never.  All he could do was let her see who he was.  Show her what he could offer then wait and see if she accepted.  If she did not he would leave this world and never return.
Anne looked at his silent form as they continued to drive getting closer to the hotel.  She was not ready to say goodbye to him.  She wanted to be with him for a while longer.  “Do you like ice cream?”
Ben smiled over at her, “yes.  I do.”
“Would you let me buy you one before I turn in for the night?”
“I am not sure I can let you buy me one.  I am very old fashioned.  However, I would love to share one with you.”  He said as he pulled into the parking lot of the ice cream shop.  He smiled over at her for a moment, he was so glad that she wanted to get to know him.  That she asked of her own accord to spend more time with him.  He winked at her as he got out of the car.
Anne smiled at Ben and waited as he got out and came to her door.  She took his hand and let him assist her out.  He stepped back as she rose, but she moved with him.  Pressing herself against his body, she looked up at him.  “I really do want to get to know you, and I promise I will never tell anyone some of the things I know.”
Ben looked down at her and pressed her closer into him.  Turning her head so her ear pressed to his heart, he felt her relax.  As she leaned further into him, he closed them in a world of their own.
He stood holding her.  Feeling her and he never wanted to let her go.  “Look,” he whispered.
She leaned her head back and looked up at him.  She followed his gaze to the left and drew in a breath.  She turned her head a little and looked around freezing.  Her eyes opened in awe a smile spreading over her face.  They were no longer at the ice cream shop but instead in a field near a forest standing all alone.  She stood quietly with Ben and watched a deer at the edge of the forest.  Standing still in the circle of Ben’s arms she did not want to move for fear of scaring the animal walking in the sunset.
Anne smiled as she looked back up at Ben.  “Is this your favorite place,” she asked studying him. 
Ben shrugged.  “I am not sure,” he said, watching as the deer wandered into the woods.  “I like nature, history.  I have been alone a long time.  Here I don’t feel quite so isolated.” 
Anne put her face back against his heart.  “I am sorry you are alone.  It is funny last night I felt so lonely.  It is not something I enjoyed.  How long have you traveled?”  She asked looking up at him.
He looked from the forest down at her his eyes showing nothing of the thoughts in his mind.  He ran his hands through her hair for a moment.  Ben closed his eyes and put his face on the top of her head.  “A very long time,” he said as he breathed her in, “a very long time.”
“Does this make you tired?”  She leaned back in his arms watching him.
“No.”
“Even taking me with you does that make you tired?”
He gently stroked her face.  “No,” he said looking into her eyes, “that does not make me tired either.”
She smiled up at him, “I am glad.  Can we have ice cream now, please?”
“Of course,” he said as he stepped back.
Anne shook her head as she saw they were again standing next to his car.  She walked ahead of him into the shop and waited with him.  She wondered what he thought of this world.  She had a feeling he was not from it.  She smiled as the thought floated through her mind.  An alien not quite what she expected.  I mean really.  He did not have antenna or green skin.  She looked up into his face as the image flashed through her mind.
She wondered what brought him here.  How did he end up with her?  What was his true age?  Was he just a time traveler as she first thought?  Did he indeed come from a whole other place?  He was immortal she was sure of that.  She did not know why but that was something she was positive about.  He talked about going back and doing it all over again.  Could he pick any age and start anew?
A million questions raced in her mind and almost as many thoughts.  She knew the Sheriff was like him.  Did they live in different times for a reason?  She wondered if they had to live apart here.  Did they see each other often or did they all live in solitude?  She had a feeling that Ben had lived alone for a long time.  Where was his home was it destroyed did it no longer exist?
Anne turned her attention to the waiter who, was speaking to Ben.  He brought them to their table then immediately returned with glasses of water.  “So, what would you like?”  She asked looking at Ben.
She wondered what he thought when he looked around.  What did he see?  Could he see what I saw?  Hear what I heard?  Feel what I felt?  That one made her pause.  He had told her he loved a woman and still waited for the woman he loved.  So she knew believed that he loved.  Though, for some reason, she thought she could not comprehend the depth of his love.  Not understand a love that transcended time and place.  A love that she was sure brought him here.
She watched Ben as he looked over the menu.  She briefly wondered if he could read her thoughts.  If he could see them lit up like a neon sign on her forehead.  She half laughed at that one.  Ben looked up at her a questioning look on his face.  She just shook her head and waited.
“I know you like chocolate,” he told her.  “So how about we share a hot fudge sundae?”
“Sounds good to me,” she smiled up at the waiter.  She waited until the waiter left and looked back at Ben.  “How many States have you been in?”
Ben picked up his water and glanced at her, “all of them.”
She looked at him in amazement, “all of them.” She repeated, “Tom and I always said we would travel.  Actually, with my youngest having just married I thought I would be doing that right now.”  She laughed at herself, “well I guess I am.”  She shrugged, “but alone.  I thought we would hit every State.  Go to every National Park or Ball Park.  We could do anything we wanted any time we wanted.”
She looked down at her hands and started playing with the napkin in front of her.  “Life is full of unexpected twists and turns.  I guess at the end of the day you can choose to start over or choose to stand still.  I think I have done nothing for far too long.  Using the excuse of raising my children for not living for not finding what life had to offer.”
 Anne looked up at Ben and saw him watching her, she tilted her head slightly and continued to watch him.  “I think I was too afraid to live.  I felt too intimidated to see what is out there.  You are not afraid are you?”  She studied him closely. “No you are not.  You do not know if the woman you love will ever love you back yet you watch and wait for her.  And you are still taking time to get to know a stranger,” she smiled at him.
“Thank you for giving me a chance to get to know you.  For showing me, that I had shut the door on my world.  I did not look and see what was just beyond my reach.  I hope I can move forward like you with no fear or worry.  Knowing I cannot control everything and enjoy it anyway.”
She looked down and smiled, “taking chances.  I want to do new things and meet many more interesting people.  I never would have ridden a horse if you had not helped me.”  She looked back up at him a smile spreading across her face.  “Argued with a monkey, and there is no way I would have gone back up Mount Washington.  Thank you. Today you have given me more than I could have ever imagined.”
Ben looked into her eyes and saw true pleasure.  He could see complete open honesty shining from her.  He reached out and took her hand in his gently stroking the inside of her wrist.  “Thank you, you have shown me that there is kindness here.  Thank you for wanting to get to know me not use me.  Your kindness and compassion are humbling to me.  The way that you appreciate the little things in this big world is something I will carry with me for a very long time.”
Anne had not noticed that the world around them had stopped.  So lost in her conversation with Ben she did not know that the waiter stood frozen in time less than three feet from their table.  She felt like they were saying goodbye.  She thought of the words of the old man, ‘never again goodbye.’
She knew looking at him that she could not be the one he searched for just a short diversion along the path.  She felt a pain in her heart at the thought of never seeing him again.  He loved another and he was not hers to hold.  She looked up into Ben’s eyes.  “Please will you forgive me if I ask you to kiss me one more time?”
She watched Ben as he slowly stood and stepped around the table. He reached an arm in front of her.  He grabbed her waist and pulled her out of the booth and up into his arms.
“There is nothing to forgive,” he said as he settled her against his chest her feet several inches off the floor safe in his arms.
She closed her eyes as they moved toward each other.  As their lips met, Anne thought she could literally feel the earth stop turning.  She wrapped her arms around him and held tight as his mouth moved over hers.  Her heart beat a little faster as his tongue began to trace her lips waiting for her to grant him entry.
She inhaled the scent of him as she felt his hands slide down her back and over her bottom.  He left them there for only a second then he brought them up and under the back of her shirt.  The feel of his hands on her skin made her arch against him.  Goose bumps were breaking out all over.
She moaned into his mouth as his hands ran up and down her back.  His hands were so big that his fingers wrapped around her sides.  She held her breath as his fingers brushed the sides of her breasts.  She could feel her nipples tighten as he continued to stroke her.  She felt the evidence of his arousal against her.  Arching into him again, she heard him groan.
Ben’s lips began traveling along her jaw and down her throat.  He could feel her utter surrender.  He turned his head and gave close attention to the other side of her neck.  He hit the spot right below her ear that brought her to an even higher level.  He could hear her ragged breathing.  Feel the rapid beat of her heart and knew he had to stop.  She was not ready.  She still had to heal and had to accept him willingly.  Ask him without reservation to her bed.
He knew if he continued, she would have regrets in the morning, and that is not what he wanted.  Her complete surrender in his arms was almost more than he could bear.  He knew though that despite the fact that she asked for a kiss she did not ask for anything more.  He would take nothing without her knowing what she was asking for.
He brought his mouth back to hers and deeply kissed her lips as he removed his hands from under her shirt.  He eased the kiss and brought himself and his thoughts under control before he slid her down his body.  He held her in his arms giving her a chance to relax.  He waited for her breathing to return to normal.  He leaned her back in his arms.  “So, how was that?”
Anne blushed as she looked up at him.  Suddenly remembering they were in the ice cream shop.  She leaned out around him her mouth dropping in shock.  Then she began to laugh.  Her hand quickly going to her mouth, “can they hear me?”
Ben looked around and smiled, “no.”
Anne pulled away from him.  “This is incredible.  You did this.  How did you do this?”  She asked looking around in awe.  The people around her were unmoving frozen in place.  The waiter stood with their ice cream on a tray not two feet in front of her.  She could see a child his mouth opened in a scream a tear on his face as he looked toward the floor.  His ice cream was on its way there.  His parents shocked looks on their faces frozen as they reach out and try to catch it.
Anne watched as Ben walked away from her to the child.  He grabbed the child’s ice cream frozen between the table and the floor.  He moved it so that the ice cream was now in his father’s half-closed hand.  
When he moves, he will have caught the ice cream and be a hero to his son.  Anne smiled as she watched him walk around the room putting to order things that he could.  He picked up a dropped napkin wiped a spilled drink.  Ben retrieved a toddler’s toy.  He did little things she was sure no one would notice.  She had a feeling though that he did this every time he could when he intervened in people’s world like this.
He walked back over toward her, “ready?”
Anne nodded and they sat down.  She looked out to the room as it began to move again.
Ben saw a smile spread across her face as she watched the father close his hand around his son’s ice cream.  “Got it,” the man said as he wiped his son’s tears and gave him back that which he had lost.
The waiter set the ice cream between them.  Anne looked at the ice cream and smiled.  Boy, she did love chocolate.  She looked up at Ben his eyes unreadable, “ready,” she asked him.  He smiled as they picked up their spoons and took a bite.
Anne closed her eyes in bliss it was delicious.  She sat and ate in silence never taking her eyes off the ice cream in front of her.  So intent on what she was doing she did not notice Ben set down his spoon.  He leaned back and watched her.  She smiled as she dug to the bottom of the bowl and scooped up a spoonful of fudge.  She closed her eyes, the chocolate was so close to her nose that she could smell it.  Her mouth waiting in anticipation as she slowly brought the spoon closer.
Ben shifted in his chair a light sweat breaking out on his forehead as he watched her eat.  The fact that he had slowed down time made watching her harder.  Her movements and actions were more arousing to him.  He knew it was wrong and selfish to keep doing this but eternity was just not long enough.
She ate the hot fudge, as if she were making love to it.  With sheer pleasure, giving herself up to the chocolate as it entered her mouth.  He wished again for the second time that he was that chocolate. 
He knew from watching her that when she enjoyed something she did it with complete devotion.  He felt that she did the same with her family.  Without a thought to herself giving everything, she had to them.  Never having let her children or her husband forget she was there for them.  That she would do anything for them.
He looked forward to getting to meet her children, and for them to get to know him.  He knew that would be a big step for her accepting him so far into her world.  He was not sure she would but time would tell.
He picked up his spoon and leaned forward. “So what are you going to do tomorrow?”  He asked as he brought a spoonful of ice cream to his mouth.  Wishing that he was heading for her sweet mouth, he could taste again the chocolate she had eaten yesterday.  The flavor of the chocolate mixed with the taste of her mouth was something he would never get tired of experiencing.  He thought about reaching across the table.  Pulling her into his arms once more so he could taste her again.  He wanted to feel her laying next to him.
He continued to watch her as she began to talk.  Her words were hitting him on some level, but his mind was on other things.  The feel of her skin as he rubbed his hands over her back, and sides made him want to take this one-step farther.  He wanted nothing more than to feel and taste every inch of her body.  Ben wanted to feel her creamy skin against his mouth.  He would take her to a place where only they existed.  He would set her up on a bed so soft and deep she would melt into it as he melted into her.  He thought of his field, he wanted to take her there.  Ben wanted them to make love next to his river.
Anne stopped eating and looked up at him, “maybe a little shopping.”  “There are some craft stores around here and of course, the outlet mall.”  She put her spoon down and thought a moment.  “I have to check out of my hotel tomorrow too, but I am really not sure.”  She shook her head as she thought.  “I had planned on staying between Northern New Hampshire and Maine for a couple of weeks.  I have missed it here,” she said smiling.
Anne looked back down at the ice cream now a small puddle in the bowl.  She thought about how she could get the rest of the fudge out but remembered that Ben was sitting across from her.
She looked at him sitting quietly watching her and the questions started in her brain again.  She put a lid on them to think about who he was now.  What was he doing here?  She figured he liked to travel but wondered how often he did it in a car.  She smiled at that thought she could not imagine going anywhere you wanted by just thinking about it.  He really was a very special and amazing individual.
“So what are you going to do tomorrow?” She asked him finally bringing her thoughts under control.
Ben continued to look at her as if lost in thought.  She leaned to the left to make his eyes move and get him back here with her.  “Hi,” she smiled up at him, “I thought you left me for a while there.”
“Sorry,” Ben said smiling at her, “Maine and New Hampshire.  I am sure you can hit several nice places in two weeks’ time.  Are there any places, in particular.”
“No I just love being here again,” she smiled, “driving around and watching the beautiful scenery pass.  Maybe finding someplace Tom and I never found.”
“It is hard to look at the scenery when you are driving,” he told her.
Anne sighed. “Yes I get so tired too.  That is why I am not sure what I am going to do.”  She shrugged, “what I want to do and what I can do are two different things.”  She gave him a bright smile, “but that is okay.  I will adapt.  There are a lot of things to see and do here, things I am sure I have never seen or done.”
Ben watched her reason with herself. He had always thought it was sad watching people lose what they wanted because of physical in capabilities.
“Well,” he said watching her face for a reaction.  “I could drive you anywhere you want you choose the direction, and I will go.”
Anne studied him a moment, “No that is not right but thank you.”
“I don’t mind.”
She shook her head, “I won’t take advantage of you like that.”
Ben smiled over at her, “that is not taking advantage.  I would get more from this arrangement than you would.”
“How,” she asked surprised.
“Well,  I would get to spend time with you, and I would get to learn more about you.”
 “I am sorry. I just can’t do it.  It does not seem right.  I think I will hang around here tomorrow do a little shopping.”
“Do you mind if I join you?”  Ben asked.
“I would like that,” Anne said as she grabbed her purse.  “Thank you for the ice cream.”
Ben stood with her leaned down and brushed a kiss over her lips, “you are welcome.”
He escorted her back to her room and watched as she turned and looked at him.  He raised a hand and brushed her hair away from her face.  He slowly lowered his head and kissed her.  He moved his mouth very gently over hers, feeling her sigh.  He stepped back and looked down into her eyes, “sweet dreams.”  Ben watched as she slowly turned as if in a daze.  She opened the door and went in.  He stood there a moment longer and listened to her lock the door, and then he vanished.
Ben entered the dark room.  He could see the coals burning in the fire felt the chill of the night.  He looked at the bed and the man sleeping in it.  A naked woman held in his arms.  He shook his head as he added a log to the fire and poked at it until it caught.
“You know,” said a voice from the bed, “I could just shoot you.”
Ben stood and looked at the man, “with your luck you will shoot off something you need.”
The man nodded in agreement, as he pulled on a pair of pants that had been on the floor.  
“I was surprised to see you here.  Grateful but surprised.”
“Well I was bored where I was.  I thought I would try this place on for size,” he gave a dirty leer as he looked back at the woman sleeping in the bed.
“Are you trying to get her killed?”  Ben asked.
“He won’t kill her,” the man replied as he took out two glasses and poured them a shot.
“Will you never tire of this?”  Ben asked gesturing with his glass toward the woman. 
The man sat and put his bare feet on the table, “I am sure someday.”
“Someday,” Ben asked in surprise, “you have been doing this for over two hundred years.”  He shook his head and held up a hand, “I am sorry,” he said, “it is not my place to judge you.”
The man in the chair stretched and raised his glass to his friend, “thank you.  So how is she?”
Ben pulled out the chair across from Caleb and sat down, “she is fine.”
Caleb studied his friend for a long time then smiled, “you love her,” he said dropping his feet and sitting up. “You really love her.  She is the one you have been searching for.  Wow,” Caleb said in excitement, then he paused, “I am glad we were able to save her.  You would have had another very long wait.”
Ben nodded his agreement and took a drink from his glass.  He looked again at the sleeping woman.  “Why did you end up here?”
Caleb looked around him, “I am not sure.  It is a nice time, and things are just beginning.  There is an excitement in the air people moving west exploring, learning, creating.  It excites me.”
Ben again looked at the bed, “I can see that.”
Caleb scoffed, “where you are everything is done for a while.  They have been to the moon.  They paved all the roads and built the bridges, damns and rails.  They will do nothing more for a very long time.”
“But here, I never get tired of seeing it.  I love being a part of it. Watching and waiting for what I know is coming.  The latest invention the next new place it is amazing to me.”
Caleb looked at his empty glass then back at his friend.  “You have sat for so long.  Watching and waiting for her that you have forgotten what is around you.  Spending so many years lost in just looking for her that you have not enjoyed what you have.  You have pushed people away because you felt used by them. Those ones are long gone.”
“You might have found her,” Caleb continued.  “However, you also have to find yourself.  Come to terms with the past and appreciate what these people can offer.  You cannot hold her, unless you let the past go.  I can see that you have lost part of yourself because of your anger over the past.”
Ben looked at his friend and sighed.  He had not really thought about that.  Had his turning away from this place and the people in it taken away part of what he was.  He stood and paced the room, “you so easily accepted being used.  I could not.”
Caleb tracked his friend as he walked back and forth in the small space, “let’s go,’ he said as he vanished from the room.
He watched Ben as he paced at the river’s edge.  The water was quietly lapping beside him.  He knew Ben loved this place.  They had come here many times before, and he knew that Ben still came for the quiet solitude it offered.
“You feel like they used you.  I feel like I helped them had a part in making them what they are today.  As did you my friend, you have to see past the negative in this place and find the positive in it and in what you have done.”
Caleb watched Ben as he knelt next to a small deer standing at the water’s edge.  He reached a hand out and stroked it along its body.  The deer looked over at him a moment before it bent its head for more grass.  “You still do so much here.  You don’t even notice.  When you stop the people around you, you fix things.  I have watched you stop time just to pull someone out from in front of a car.  I will not do that.  If they are going to go, they are going to go, and I will not intervene.  Your compassion for these people is what caused you to turn away, and yet you can’t stop doing for them.”
Caleb bent and picked up a rock and skipped it along the water the deer lifting its head to watch.  “In order for you to keep her.  You have to come to terms with the past.  Stop hating the ones you are helping.  Stop blaming the ones who have had no part in what was.”  He reached over and put his hand on his friend’s shoulder then he vanished.
Ben sat beside the deer and watched the water flow by.  He wished he could bring Anne here.  He wanted to hold her close and feel her body pressed against him.  Tell her of the life he has lived.  The things he has seen and done. To see if she too thought he hated this world and the people in it.
He laid back on the grass and thought about Caleb’s words.  Yes, he was angry.  He felt used.  He was not the only one.  Many others like him had left.  Seeing the people who only took and still wanted more it was never enough.  It did not matter where he traveled in this place.  The ones who knew what he was.  What he could do only want him to do more.  How could he accept that forgive that?
His mind stopped for a moment on that word, ‘forgive.’  He stood up again as he realized Anne had asked him to forgive her for asking for a kiss.  He stood and looked into the forest his mind going back to her.  She had asked so little.  He would have given her a kiss without a thought.  Yet she asked his forgiveness because she felt she had asked too much.
Maybe his anger at who he was what he was made him hate the others.  Those who readily wanted it so greedily took it. Ben thought back over the years.  Over the time, he had been here and thought about the people.  The ones who knew some of his capabilities, did they all take?  Did I just see those ones who did?  Ben shook his head.  He looked at the deer once more then stood looking down at Anne peacefully sleeping in her bed.
Tonight he wanted to be completely with her.  Not just in thought but he wanted his body close to hers.  He laid on the bed next to her and pulled her into his arms.  There was so much for him to think about to work out in his mind.  One night would not be enough.  He pulled her close to him and breathed in the scent of her.  Let her fill his senses and for a while let go of his thoughts.
Ben watched Anne as she smiled in her sleep.  He knew if he wanted, he could hear her thoughts, see her dreams, but he did not want to intrude on her that way. He believed what was in a persons mind was private, and he would not intrude there without permission.
He had spoken to her a few times in her mind and let her talk to him.  He would not probe how she felt about him or what she thought.  Ben turned on his side and pulled her closer to him.  He closed his eyes and felt every breath she took.  He shifted her so her face was pressed into his neck.  He took them back to his field.  He knew she was not aware that they were no longer in her hotel bed but on a bed of flowers.  The field spread out before them.  He pulled a blanket over her to ensure she did not feel the breeze that blew.  He knew that with her head tucked in his neck.  She could not feel it on her face.
He looked up at the stars covering the night sky listened to the peepers moving in the grass beside them.  The peace and beauty of this solitary place calmed his mind for a while.  He wished he could share it with Anne.
He looked at her and wondered where her favorite place would be.  Would she like the ocean or the frozen tundra of the great north?  Ben chuckled at that one.  He could not see her liking the cold.  Though he knew if he took her there, she would not feel cold, unless she wanted to.  He leaned down and kissed her head.  He was going to enjoy this.  Getting to know her finding out what she liked where and when she wanted to be. Taking her on the ultimate trip, she would see places and things a car would never take her.
He watched the moon move across the sky as he laid with her sleeping peacefully in his arms.  He knew he had to get her back.  He thought briefly about stopping time and staying here with her.  He wanted her awake.  To watch the expressions as they crossed her face.  To hear her voice and her laugh and those were things he could not do when she slept.  He sighed as he carefully slipped out of her bed.  He brushed a strand of hair from her face and vanished as the sun rose over the horizon.
Anne stretched and smiled.  She rolled to her right expecting to see Ben there.  For some reason, she thought she could feel him last night.  That she could smell him.  She turned on her back again.  Looking at the ceiling she sighed.  Closing her eyes, she could feel him next to her, hear his heart.  She thought about Tom the man she had loved for so long.  She pictured him in her mind, ‘would you mind?’  She asked him, ‘would you want me to sit and wait to join you. Would it make you sad to see me with another man?’  A tear rolled down her face as she laid there, ‘I miss you so much, the children miss you.  I really like him, I know you would too.’  She smiled, ‘He is an incredible man, and he can do things that would awe and amaze you yet at the same time terrify you.  I am going to spend the day with him today do you mind?’
She gave a small shrug, ‘I spent yesterday with him. ’  She laughed, ‘I rode a horse and argued with a monkey because of him.’  Another tear escaped her eye, ‘I wish I could have had the time to do that with you.  I am sorry I could not.  Will you forgive me if I spend time with him?  I will never stop loving you.  I cannot get back what was, and I really want to see what could be.  Even if I am only with him for a short time, I hope you can understand that I need somebody, that I need him.’
She sat up in the bed and wiped her eyes, a frown crossing her face before she put her thoughts behind her and got going for the day.  She went to her laptop and sent messages to her children, telling them that she would be out of contact for a while.  She did not want them to worry about her.  She told them that she was safe, and that she was enjoying herself.  She thought for a moment as to whether or not she wanted to tell them about Ben and decided she would wait and see how the next few weeks played out.  She took a quick shower and packed her stuff taking one last look around.  She left the room.
She entered the lobby and smiled as she saw Ben seated in the same chair he was in yesterday, a cup of coffee in his hand and his eyes on her.  A light blush stained her cheeks as his eyes moved over the length of her.  She gave a small shiver at the look in his eyes, a jump of excitement in her stomach at the thought.  She knew if she asked he would make love to her, but she had only been with Tom.  She was not sure she was ready to give to another man what she had saved for her husband.
She went to the front desk and settled her account.  Suitcase dragging behind her, she walked toward him.  “Good Morning,” she smiled at him.  He shook his head as he set his cup on the table.  She gave him a confused look, “it’s not a good morning?”  She asked looking into his eyes as he slowly rose.
Her eyes following his slow journey to his feet, she knew without looking.  That the room around them no longer moved.  She looked at him marveling again, at what he could do.
He seemed to move in slow motion.  She watched as he reached a hand toward her wrapping his fingers in the hair at the back of her neck.  He stepped forward looking down into her face and pulled her into him.  Anne sighed as she felt his body once again next to hers.  Her eyes on his lips she watched as they slowly moved toward hers.  The anticipation growing, it seemed like it was taking a long time for his mouth to reach hers.
He was moving so slowly she wanted to reach up and pull him to her to speed it up.  She looked at his eyes and saw a light there.  She knew in that instant that he was aware of what she had thought.  He understood by a change in her expression what she wanted to do.  He turned his head slowly back and forth, as he continued to move toward her mouth.
Anne wanted to scream.  She was getting so frustrated; a small smile played over his mouth seconds before it finally touched hers.  His lips moving slowly a very light pressure, Anne did not move as she waited for him to lead her.  Anne had one hand on the suitcase the other hanging loosely at her side.  She closed her eyes, smelled, and felt only him.
Ben felt when she gave up, knew she would let him do what he wanted; take as long as he wanted.  He breathed her in, as his mouth moved slowly over hers, his tongue coming out running across her lower lip.  He felt her shiver against him, waiting, wanting more.  He slowly explored her mouth.  Taking his time feeling every change in her learning what she liked, what made her relax and what aroused her.
She caught her breath as he began to move faster, devoured her, and aroused her with only his lips on hers.  He could feel her pulse as it beat under his fingers, he moved his hand from her hair down her back pulling her hips closer into him, let her feel what she did to him.  Feel what he wanted to give her, a reminder that there was a lot more he could do to her.  Letting her know without words that kissing was only the beginning and when she was ready he would give her so much more.
He relaxed his hand and smiled, as she stayed pressed against him.  She touched him only with her body.  He knew she could not understand what he could feel and hear.  He listened as her heart spoke to him, called to him.  Knowing what she did not.  That she had been made for him, and that he would never leave her.  Never stop loving her.
Ben eased the kiss again slowed it down.  He breathed her in for a moment longer then pulled his head back to look into her face.  Her eyes shining, pupils dilated, her lips swollen from his kiss.  A light flush spread across her neck from the passion she could not hide.  He rubbed a hand along her face, “now it is a good morning,” he told her.
Ben reached out and took Anne’s suitcase.  He picked up his cup as he headed toward the door.  Anne turned and followed him then stopped and looked back at the room, the people still frozen in time; she turned again and left the hotel.
She followed him to her car, “do you mind if we use your car today?”
Anne dug in her purse and gave him the keys, “of course not, but what about your car?  Did you check out?  You can’t leave it here.”
Ben unlocked the trunk and took the suitcase from her, “I no longer need it,” he said as he put her case in the trunk and closed it.
“You no longer need it,” Anne asked looking around.  She stopped when she realized his car was not there.  “Where did it go,” she whispered.
Ben looked around then at her, “where it belongs, if I want it back, I can get it.”  He put a hand on her back and led her around the car.
Anne waited until he sat beside her, “is there nothing you can’t do?”
“I can’t make someone love me,” he said without thinking.  He sighed and looked away for a second before looking back at Anne.  “I am feeling sorry for myself today.”
Anne felt a stab of pain for Ben.  For a moment, he had looked very sad.  She looked toward him and caught a glimpse of movement.  She smiled as she watched a family walk out the front door of the hotel.  Shaking her head back and forth, she looked at him.  “You are amazing,” she told him.  “I will understand if you go.”
Ben looked at her in confusion, “why would I go?”
“So you can find the one you love, let her get to know you and love you.  I don’t want to take you away from her.”
“I will stay with you, if you don’t mind, I know soon she will know that she loves me, today is just not the day.”
Anne hesitated for a moment as he turned his eyes on her again, the look in them intense, a message she could not read passed across them.  She looked away and changed the subject.  “Do you mind hitting a coffee shop?”
“Afraid of the coffee in there are you?” he asked gesturing back toward the hotel. 
She smiled, “no. I would just like an ice coffee made by someone else.”
Ben nodded as he pulled out of the lot.  He watched her out of the corner of his eye seeing her again playing with a strand of hair.  He knew she did not know it was her, he loved.  She could not yet see or accept that.  To her, they had just met, yet he had known of her since the beginning of time.
He merged with traffic and headed to the closest coffee shop.  They used the drive through and headed back up Route 16.
They rode in silence for a while then Anne looked over at him.  “How long have you known the Sheriff?”
“Caleb,” Ben said without looking from the road.
“Yes, Caleb, he is like you, amazing.  But, for some reason, I don’t think he has the same control.”
Ben looked at her and raised an eyebrow, perceptive, he thought.  “No, he likes his laughs.”  He paused for a minute, “I have known him for a very long time.”
“Time does not have the same meaning for you as it does for us.  We run along in what we think are relatively long lives, trying to cram as much as we can into what time we have.” She watched him as she talked.  “But you are different.  Time is something you can control.  It is something you can change.
Does it affect people when you stop them like that?  Do they lose time?  Can you really stop it, and what of the others like you?  Can they feel it when you do that?  There must be others like you.  You and Caleb cannot be the only ones.”
She watched him as he randomly took a right.  She smiled knowing they were going into Maine.  She had a feeling he knew exactly where he was and where he was going.  Anne felt watching him that he had a destination.
I guess shopping is out.  She thought with a smile.  She paused and glanced at him.  She remembered that he had said he was lost.  She was sure he knew exactly where he was going.  Did he have another reason for saying he was lost?  Maybe he was lost without the woman he loved.  She continued to look at him for a moment. 
“Does it bother you that I ask questions?  I truly respect your right not to answer, and if you don’t want me probing into your world just tell me, okay?” She smiled at him.
“I don’t mind.  You can ask anything you want.” He glanced over at her, “No, Caleb and I are not the only ones, but I am the only one in this time.  It does not affect others like me if I stop time.  For people like you time just picks back up without you knowing it had stopped.  Everyone who has been frozen or slowed still has the same time it just takes longer to get there, but they don’t realize it.”
“How long have you been on earth,” she laughed at that, “I am sorry that makes you sound like an alien.”  She studied him for a long time, and then smiled.  “I don’t think you are a vampire,” she smiled at him.
“You don’t think I am a vampire,” he gave her a quizzical look.
“No, vampires only come out at night, and I have not seen you after dark.”
He shook his head at her, “vampires do not exist.  Trust me.  I have been around long enough to know that.”
“That is good to know.  Now I won’t have to feel like I need to cover my neck when I go out at night,” she laughed.
“Well you still have to worry about me,” he said quietly.
She turned startled eyes at him, “why do I have to worry about you?  You are not a vampire, and so far you have not hurt me.”  She stopped for a minute, “this conversation is getting out of hand.”
“Why,” he asked glancing at her.
“Because we are talking about you, I don’t want to be rude to you or make you feel uncomfortable.  I am not sure what you are, you have an amazing gift and deserve respect not to be made fun of.”
He pulled the car over to the side and turned off the engine.  Ben turned in his seat, and pulled her into him.  “Thank you for trying to make me feel comfortable, for trying to accept that which you do not understand.  I want you to know that you can say anything, ask anything I will not be offended.”  He rubbed her cheek, “okay?”
She looked at him a moment, “can I ask you to take me someplace new?  Would you forgive me for that?”  She looked up at him as a realization hit her.  “Some people know who you are, know who Caleb is.  They have used you, hurt you.”  Shame hit her hard and fast.  She had just asked him to take her some place.  She was sure others had used him for that.
She hung her head, tear clogging her throat, “Ben, I am sorry.  I am so sorry.”
She felt his hand in her hair.  She turned her head and looked at him.  “You have nothing to be sorry for,” he stroked his hand along her jaw.  “You asked for that which I would freely give you, anytime you want, anyplace you want all you have to do is ask it is yours.”
He leaned in and kissed her lips, “this is part of what I am, who I am, some of that; which I am capable of you may never know.”
He continued to look at her, “I am glad that you are willing to accept me, are not afraid of me.  I am happy to share with you what I can.  It will be my pleasure to show you different places and times,” he said as he pulled back.
Anne’s jaw dropped in amazement, before her was a frozen world.  They were no longer in her car, but standing in a winter wonderland.  Mountains of snow and ice, Penguins waddling around, a polar bear rolling, playing unaware he was being watched.  She laughed in delight as she bent and picked up a hand full of snow.  She formed it into a ball and threw it at Ben.  Anne ran, laughing at his startled expression.
Ben stood frozen for a moment.  He could not believe she had done that.  He watched her run from him, “you want a snowball fight.”  He said running after her, “you will lose, Love.”
Anne laughed with glee as she continued to run scooping up more snow and forming a ball as she ran.  She tossed it over her shoulder and heard a satisfactory growl as the weapon hit home.
“Woman, just you wait,” Ben said stopping to get snow of his own.  Anne had stopped beside a drift.  She ran around it and ducked as he threw the first one.  She shrieked when the second one hit her on the head.  Laughing she gathered more snow and looked up as Ben came flying at her, he had jumped over her shelter.  Heading toward her arms outstretched, she stood but could not move before he caught her.
Ben heard Anne laugh as he slammed into her turning their bodies so that he hit the ground first.  They continued to roll down the slope as he put his hand in her hair and pulled her mouth to his.  She sighed as their lips met her arms going around his neck, as they rolled.  They came to a stop with Ben buried deep in snow, Anne lying on top of him.  She stopped kissing him and looked around, “it is not cold,” she marveled as she scooped up more snow.
“No, it is not cold,” he told her as his lips moved to her neck.
“Why isn’t it cold?  I could feel the heat in the forest.”  She asked still playing with the snow as his lips traveled up and down the side of her throat.  She stopped and looked at him, “wait, you did not tell me you can fly.”
Ben froze in mid nip, “fly,” he repeated in confusion, “technically I can’t fly.”
“You did,” she said leaning back to look at him.
Ben concentrated on her face.  He smiled as the understanding hit, “not fly jump and sail,” he said going back to her neck.
Anne started laughing, “well.  It was so funny and unexpected to see you coming at me.  Were you a football player at one time?”
Ben just grunted and got back to what he was doing.
“Is this real?”  Anne asked.
“Yes, it is real,” Ben, replied as his lips headed back toward hers.  
“Why can’t I feel the cold?  How come I am not cold?”
Ben stopped and looked up at her, “do you want to be?”
“No,”  Anne said, “I was just curious.”
Ben tilted his head and looked at her, “you are not interested in kissing me now are you?”
“I am sorry.  It just does not feel right,” she looked into his eyes.
Ben nodded, kissed her lips one last time, “better he asked?”
Anne looked around and smiled.  They were back in her car still parked on the side of the road.  “I did not mean to be a wet blanket, I enjoyed it, but.”
“You don’t have to apologize to me.” He said as he put the car in gear, “I understand.”
They continued to drive for a while when Ben took a left and followed the road to a hotel, he pulled into a parking space and turned to look at her.  “Is this okay?”
Anne looked at him, “it is too early for a hotel.”  Anne watched him shake his head and looked to the clock.  She quickly looked back at him.  It was five pm.  “How is that possible?”  She felt sadness as she looked at him, and saw the same reflected in his eyes.  The day was gone, though she spent it with him.  It passed faster than she could ever have imagined.  “Please,” she whispered to him, “please, can we stay here tomorrow.  Today with you just went way to fast.”  A tear ran down her face as she looked at him.
Ben reached out a hand, gently brushed away her tear, “anything you want.”
“I want to be with you, to get to know you, to understand who you are.”
“Tomorrow we will stay here, all day doing anything you want.”  Ben felt a pain in his heart as he looked at her, knowing he was the one who made her sad.  “But, tonight can I take you to dinner?  We passed a small restaurant a little way back, or I could take you anyplace you want.”
She shook her head at him.  She knew he wanted her to accept who he was, to let him be who he was, but today just went too fast.  To her it was a day she could never get back.  A day she could not do again, and it passed in what seemed minutes.
“Here please,” she smiled as a thought occurred to her.  “Could we have dinner, in my room,” she stopped as she realized what she said.
Ben smiled at her, “Think nothing of it.  I think no less of you because you asked me into your room.  And as you keep my secret, I will keep yours and will never tell anyone you invited me in.”
“So, what would you like for dinner?”
“Can you surprise me?  Something different,” she smiled again.
“I can do that, why don’t you check in, and I will bring your stuff to you in a few minutes.”
“Thank you.”
Ben walked around and opened her door, watched her as she walked into the hotel.  When he knew she was safely inside, he vanished.  
Anne opened the door to her room and paused.  She could hear soft music playing.  She stepped in and looked around in wonder, a smile spreading as she looked at the room.  Her suitcase stood in the corner, candles flickered on the table.  The smell of roses and Italian food filled the air.
“You are absolutely amazing,” she said.  She looked around the room to find that it was empty.  She walked forward setting her purse on the floor near the door.  She smiled as she walked further into the room.  She spun around, a laugh escaping her, there was no bed in the room it was gone.
The table sat in the center of the small space, two chairs both pulled out as if waiting.  A red tablecloth covered the round table.  Plates white with gold along the edges sat piled with food.  Small dishes containing hors d'oeuvres and desserts sat on side tables.  Beautiful paintings of Old Italian Villa’s covered the walls.  Delicate lace curtains covered the window.
Anne walked over to the window and laughed in delight as she looked down at the parking lot.  She walked back to the table and looked at the food.  She could see at the table small slices of Italian bread placed beside the olive oil.  Sliced tomatoes and mozzarella lightly coated in a balsamic and oil.  The plates held broccoli and chicken Alfredo on linguini.  The presentation was beautiful and the smells heavenly.
Ben stood and watched Anne as she looked around, feeling her pleasure.  He stepped up behind her and wrapped her in his arms.  Pulling her back into him, “this is my apology for taking today away from you,” he whispered in her ear.
She turned in his arms, “you did not take today away from me.  I got to spend it with you, but it was not enough.”  She stood on tiptoes as he leaned toward her, pulling her up into his arms, he brought his mouth to hers.
He set her down and walked to one of the chairs, his hand on the back he waited for her as she sat.  He moved to the chair across from her, his face frozen in amazement at her beauty.  He closed his eyes a moment and held the image of her, made it a memory he would never forget.
She was stunning he thought, her hair shining in the light, falling as she leaned forward.  The look of wonder in her eyes, as she took in all that was around her.  Her smile and pleasure were something he would never get tired of seeing.
He dipped a piece of bread in the oil and held it out to her.  She looked into his eyes, a look that hit his heart.  He watched her as she leaned further over the table and never taking her eyes from his took a bite.  He smiled as he saw her surprised look and watched her briefly close her eyes as she enjoyed the taste.
He took the bread he held and dipped it back in the oil while holding her eyes he bit where she had, her indrawn breath telling him she was aware.  She knew that he had intended to romance her, to play with her senses and arouse her through them.
She took a calming breath as she looked into his deep-blue eyes.  Saw in them that he wanted her needed her as much as she needed him.  She watched mesmerized as he filled his fork and slowly brought it toward her mouth.  She leaned in and took what he offered.  Licking her lips she closed her eyes.
She kept her eyes closed as she ate the food, heard the soft music, let her head fall back as she imagined Ben.  She could feel him rubbing his hands on her, sliding them under her shirt. Shallow breaths escaped her.
She smiled as she felt Ben pull her to her feet, his hands slowly moving up her back.  She arched into him as he unhooked her bra and brought his hands around to cup her breasts as his mouth settled on hers.
She squirmed with pleasure as he gently pulled on her nipples.  She felt them harden and leaned back.
Ben moved his hands around her body and held her over his arm as he kissed down her throat.  He stopped at the edge of her shirt and held for a second.  He felt her breathing in his arms, her pleasure, he slowly unbuttoned her shirt, ran his hand up her abdomen and stroked her again as he licked and nipped the side of her neck.  He felt her shutter in his arms and trailed his mouth down her breast.
Anne gasped as Ben’s mouth closed over her, she was getting used to how he could move without her knowing he had.  Feel her thoughts and know what she wanted.  She had thought about him touching her for but a moment before she was in his arms.  His hands were touching her, pleasing her.  He filled her mind with only him.
She felt his mouth leave her breast to lick the valley between them.  He slowly moved his mouth down her abdomen, trailing hot kisses along her heated skin.  Anne held on to him as he moved back up and again took her breast in his mouth, his tongue sliding over the nipple, she moaned as he continued to stroke her body.  She was so aroused that she was not aware of anything except him.  His hands were touching every inch of her.  Her clothes were long gone and forgotten.
“You are absolutely beautiful,” she heard him say as he trailed kisses all over her, pulling her nipple into his mouth his hands never stopping as they rubbed and stroked.  Her pleasure was so great that she could not move, only feel.  She did not reach out for him.  She let him have complete control.  Giving herself up totally to him, letting him take her places she had never been.  He was taking her to a level of pleasure from just the touch of his hands and lips that she had not felt before.
Ben paused for a brief second, and Anne realized that she was laying down, a smile crossing her face as she felt him move over her.  She opened her eyes and watched him rise above her, his lips taking hers again.  She felt as he pressed against her ready, waiting, knowing her body would let him know.  She ran her hands over his back as she arched beneath him, her breaths coming in shallow gasps her eyes popping open as he joined his body to hers.
Anne drew in a breath as she saw past his head for a second.  A million stars shimmered in the sky above them.  Her eyes closed as she again arched in pleasure as he began to move, the rhythm so slow, the feeling intense she screamed out.
Ben held her tight in his arms as he continued to move.  To bring them both to a pleasure and explosion neither one of them had ever felt.  Their movements, breaths and hearts as one, he felt her tense beneath him and began moving faster making her scream out as he emptied himself into her.  He held her and stroked her, as she laid exhausted in his arms.  He listened to the beat of her heart, now beating in time to his.  Ben closed his eyes and breathed her in, the scent and feel of her making him love her even more.
He rolled and gathered her in his arms, stroking her hair as she continued her slow decent back to earth.
“It is beautiful here,” He heard her say as her breathing continued to slow.  She sat up and looked around.  “So this is where the bed went,” she said looking back at him with a sly smile.
She looked up at the stars, “they are so beautiful.  It is all you can see, a perfect cloudless sky.”  She started to rise and remembered she had no clothes on.  She felt movement as Ben shifted on the bed and put a shirt around her shoulders.  “Thank you,” she said gratefully, rising.  She looked around her, the stars and moon lighting the night.
Ben came to stand next to her and took her hand.
“I have never seen any place so beautiful.  There are so many stars.”  She leaned her head back on him, “I could stay here forever.”  They stood quietly looking at the stars lighting the night sky for a while, she heard the sound of water and looked around.  She walked away from Ben and knelt next to a gently flowing river.  Anne put her fingers in the water.  She let the cold water wash over her hand.  She smiled as she felt a little fish brush against her fingers looking for a meal.
She raised her head and looked back at Ben, “I am sorry.  I am sure our food is cold by now.”
He shook his head, “would you like to go back and eat?”
Anne looked up at him, “can we eat here please” she asked him quietly, “a pizza in bed?”
Ben walked over to Anne and reached a hand down to her, “all you have to do is ask, and it is yours,” he told her as he kissed her lips.
Anne looked up at him as he turned away from her.  She looked to the bed.  She smiled as she saw a tray with a big pizza sitting in the middle of it.
She looked up laughter filling her eyes.  She shook her head and headed for the pizza.
They ate in silence for a while, she looked around a second, and a napkin and drink appeared on the tray in front of her.  “Will you never cease to amaze me?”
“I hope not.”
Anne looked at him, saw the way he looked at her and in that moment knew.  It was her, he searched and waited for, her that he loved.  She looked into his eyes, “how, why,” she said on a breath, “you did not know me, how could you love me, wait for me, search for me.”
He placed his hand over her heart, “close your eyes,” he told her, “listen.”
She closed her eyes and concentrated on him, his closeness, the feel of him, and his scent.  She heard his slow even breathing, listened to the peepers all around them, the occasional splash of a fish.  As he touched her, she closed out everything in her mind except him, her mind going back over the last few days, the things they had done, the things he had said.
Seeing in her mind the first time she had seen him, when she sat in the restaurant and met his eyes.  She did not see it then, but she now knew that no one else saw him there.  She was the only one who talked to him, touched him, felt him.  He had come to see her, to touch her and let her know that he was there.  
It was her Ben loved.  He wanted her and she could now hear that in the beating of his heart.  She reached out a hand and placed it over his heart, remembered thinking that she had heard it as she slept.  She knew that his heart called out to her, sought her out and found her.  She opened her eyes and looked up at him.  “I don’t understand this.  How can I hear your heart from here?  I am not sure I am ready for this.  I want to be.  I want to accept what you offer without hesitation or reservation, but I am not sure I can give it back.”  Tears slid down her face as she looked at him.
He pulled her into his arms, “do not cry my heart.  I know, and I will wait for eternity if I have to.”  He leaned down and kissed her lips, he took what she could offer.  Ben held Anne tight in his arms through the night, keeping them in that spot until the sun rose in the sky.
He leaned up on his elbow and watched her as she woke, a smile spreading across her face as she opened her eyes to see him.  She raised her arms above her head and stretched.  Looking around her, she grabbed his shirt from the end of the bed and stood up.  She looked toward the river and saw a deer standing there its head bent eating the soft grass next to it.
She stood afraid to move, for fear she would scare it off.  She looked at Ben as he walked past her.  He approached the deer and reached out a hand.  Anne watched as the deer raised its head and slowly walked toward him.  Ben put a hand on the deer’s side and brushed it along its length.
“Would you like to touch it?”  He asked without taking his eyes off the deer.
Anne walked slowly toward them, the deer looking over at her as if assessing, trying to determine if she was a threat.  She stopped beside Ben and extended her hand toward the deer’s head.  She stopped just short of touching it when the deer turned in another direction, looking; listening for just a moment then it darted into the shelter of the woods.
“It’s time to go!” Ben said as he grabbed her.
Anne closed her eyes and held her breath.  She did not know what she expected because this was the first time she had been aware that they were going to a different place.  She felt him move against her and opened her eyes.  They were standing in the hotel parking lot beside her car.
She looked up at him, “what is wrong?”  He just shook his head at her and opened the driver’s door of the car.
“I need to go for a while, your stuff is in the trunk,” he leaned down and kissed her lips, took her hand and gave her an ice coffee.  She smiled for a second then looked into his face.  “Ben, what is wrong?”
“You are safe. I will be back before you know it.”
Anne watched his face.  She was not sure why, but she felt he was in danger, but from who.  He squeezed her hand once more and vanished.  Anne gasped and turned in a circle looking for him, “Ben! Ben!” she called out but got no reply.  Her stomach knotted in fear as the drink shook in her hand.  She got into the car, put her head on the steering wheel and cried.
Ben walked down the dusty sidewalk opened the door and waited.  Caleb turned around and looked at him the smile sliding off his face.  “He has returned,” he saw Ben slowly nod.  “Where,” he asked
“In the meadow, I almost missed him, but he spooked the deer.”  Ben replied.
“This is not your fight,” Caleb told him.  “This battle has been mine from the beginning, and I will fight it to the end.”
“You do not have to fight alone.  I am here, and there are many more who will come.”
Caleb shook his head as Ben watched him take on the appearance and garb of their people.  “I will fight him alone, and I will win.”
“Caleb,” Ben began.
“No, this is my fight.  It has always been my fight, let me fight it.”  He briefly embraced Ben, “I know how to reach you if I need you.”
Ben looked at the desk as the badge and gun settled on it as if suddenly remembered and tossed there.  Ben took a step forward, and he too had changed, his clothing, being nothing like what it had been.  His mind called out and he gathered the others to him.  They met in the field where Ben had first heard him.
They stood silent waiting for his words, knowing he needed them and were ready to do all they could.
“He has returned,” Ben, told them.  “Caleb says he will fight him alone, but I know he cannot win.”  He looked at two of the ones gathered, “I need you to protect her.  He will try to find her and take what I love.”  He watched as they disappeared, no questions asked to do as he commanded.  “Find him,” he told them, “drive him again from this place, I must go to Caleb.”  The group vanished as one.
Ben stood in the empty field listening, a slow smile spreading over his face.  He turned seconds before a fist hit him.  He blocked the punch returning one of his own that landed home.  He looked down at the man in front of him, “why do you hunt him like a dog?”
“It is not him I hunt today, but you, and it is you that I found.’  The man studied him for a moment, “and you were not alone.”
Ben took a threatening step forward, “you will not take her from me,” he growled.
The man laughed, “I do not want her.  Nor is it my son, I search for.”
“Then who,” Ben asked watching the man with loathing and distrust.
“I search for the one he loves, for she will destroy me.”
“Caleb loves no one.”  Ben said with complete honesty.
The man nodded, “I know that now.  It was you.  You found the one you love.  I am happy for you.”
“Leave, Joshua, never return to this place again.”
“You know you alone cannot make me go.”  He started toward Ben.
Ben smiled, “I am not alone!”
The man turned.  He had sensed none of them Ben had blocked him from feeling their arrival.  They stood in a line behind him in absolute devotion to the one who led them.  “I will leave,” he told them.  He looked back at Ben, “I will not touch the one you love.  She means nothing to me.  Hurting you is meaningless to me.”  He laughed as he vanished in a cloud of smoke.  They stood silent as they heard his voice one more time, “I will return when he finds her, she will not survive to destroy me.”  His insane laughter rang in the air.
Ben nodded to those in front of him, and they bowed their heads in reply.
The deer stepped out of the forest, and looked onto the now empty field.  He again lowered his head to the grass to eat.
Ben sat in the empty Sheriff’s office, put his feet on the desk and waited.  He watched the desk and smiled as the badge and gun vanished from it.  He turned his head and looked out the window to see the Sheriff saunter across the street, his coat blowing out behind him.
The door opened and Ben nodded toward a glass on the edge of the desk.  Caleb picked up the glass and downed the whiskey in one shot.  “He is gone?”
“Yes, he said he searched for the one you love, she will destroy him, but he will destroy her first.”
Caleb looked at Ben, “he will have a long wait.  I love no one.”
“That is what I told him, and do you know to my surprise, he believed me.  He knows you well my friend.”  Ben said as he rose from the chair, “visit sometime.”  He said.  He could hear Caleb’s laughter following him.
Ben stood outside her door.  He did not know what he was going to say to her, he had been gone a month.  He was not sure how she would react when she saw him, would she be angry, hurt, not want to see him again.  Perhaps that is why Joshua did not care about her, knowing human emotions; he may have guessed that she would not want Ben anymore.  Therefore, he would not have to intervene.
Ben shook off the thought.  He had no choice but to go to her or lose her all over again for a very long time.  He stepped forward and raised his hand to knock on the door when it swung open in front of him.  He barely had time to react when Anne flew into his arms.  Her arms and legs wrapped tightly around him.
“I was so afraid for you, worried something had happened,” she said tears running down her face as she kissed his neck and face.
Ben smiled realizing she had been so worried about him that she did not care she was kissing him in front of all her neighbors.  He held her tight and breathed her in taking her with him to his favorite place.
“I am sorry. I did not want to leave you, but you were safe.  I promise no matter what happens you will always be protected.”
“Why would someone hurt you?  Who would hurt you?”  She thought a minute, “I don’t understand how anyone could hurt you?”
Ben set her on her feet and walked to stand near the water.  He stood for a moment looking down, “It is not me that he seeks to hurt.  It is his son.”
Anne looked up at him confused, “I am sorry.  I am not sure what you are talking about.”
“It is Caleb’s father.  He seeks to hurt his son, he wants him to suffer for eternity as he has.”  Ben said looking at the deer that had moved closer to him as it looked for the best grass.
“Why would Caleb’s father want to hurt him?”  She asked kneeling as the deer moved toward her.
“Caleb’s mother died while giving birth to him and his father blames him for losing her.”  He watched Anne as she ran her hand along the deer as it ate beside her.  Ben waited as she looked up at him, knowing the question she was going to ask.
“I guess I don’t know much about you.  For some reason, I did not think you could die.”
“I cannot.  I can be killed by one of my own, but no other can kill me.”
“So because Caleb is like you.  She died.  That is a tragic accident, how can he blame his son for that?”
Ben looked around for just a moment, “Caleb is not like me.”  He said looking down.
“But” she began in confusion, “I saw him.  He was in the old west.  Then in the cafe, and he changed clothes and vanished.  You have done that,” she blushed, “you have changed my clothes.”
“Yes, Caleb can travel time; he can take others with him, and play his games.  He cannot adjust time; he can use what he has to freeze it for only moments.  He has the ability to make others see what they expect to see, and like me.  He has lived a very long time.”
“If he hated his son so much how come he did not kill him when he was young.”
Anne watched Ben as he paced back and forth along the river.  Waiting for his reply, she jumped when she heard a voice behind her.
“He could not kill me because my uncle would not let him.  He has protected me from the beginning of time.  Though I do not want him to, he still continues to protect me,” Caleb said looking at Ben.
Astonished Anne looked between the two men, “I thought you were just friends.”
“Lifetimes of living have made us not only family but friends,” Ben said.
Anne started playing with her hair as she sat trying to absorb all that she had learned.  “Then he is as strong as you are,” she said looking up at Ben.
Ben said nothing for a moment as he looked at Caleb, as if demanding his silence.   “He is, but I am not alone.”
“If Caleb is not like you.  How could his mother have died when she had him?”
Caleb picked up a rock and skipped it across the water, “because she was as you are.”
Anne drew in a sharp breath, “she was human, you can have children with humans?”
Ben nodded, “it is forbidden but, yes.  We can.”  He looked again out to the water.  He thought of telling her that if Joshua had just been there, Caleb’s mother would not have died.  However, he had not been.  He had been off on some conquest and had left her alone, and she drew her last breath without his knowledge.
Ben had been there, drawn by the calls of the child as it was born, he felt Caleb draw his first breath.  There had been a connection from the beginning because Ben was the first one who held Caleb, the first voice he heard.  That was the beginning of the hatred between the two brothers.  Joshua angry because Ben did not save the woman he loved but chose instead to save the child.
“Is he still here, is he going to come back?”
“He is gone.  He will not return here for a very long time.”
“I am sorry,” Caleb said bending down in front of Anne, “this is an awful lot for you to take in.  From what I have learned my mother did not even know my father was different.  He did not tell her, you have learned more about us than anyone before you.”
He looked over at Ben, “we can take it away.”
Ben looked sad for a moment, “no, let me deal with this.”
Caleb nodded and vanished.
Ben sat on the ground next to Anne taking her hand in his as night fell.  He laid her back on the grass and took her into his arms.  “You said you wanted to get to know me, to understand who I was.  This is part of who I am.  I protect others like us.  Caleb is a Sheriff in your world, and I am like a Sheriff in mine.”
Anne looked over at him and smiled, “a history teacher?”
Ben nodded, “I was for many, many years.  I have had a lot of time to be a lot of things in your world.”
“Why do you love me?   Unlike you, I am going to die.”
Ben said nothing as he pulled her into his arms.  He smiled knowing that his power greater than his arrogant brothers, he would never let her die.
Anne closed her eyes and slept the night in his arms.  She woke and walked toward the bathroom for a shower, as she stepped on the bathroom floor, she remembered yesterday.  She spun around and smiled as she saw Ben asleep in her bed.  He had taken them back to her home as she slept.
She walked over and watched him sleep, gently running her hand down his face.  He was so handsome.  She looked at him, still amazed that he loved her.  That he has searched for her and would soon have to let her go, as she would someday die.  She brushed a tear from her cheek and turned away.
When she went into the kitchen, she saw a light flashing on her phone, she had eight messages.  She pushed play and listened.
‘Hi mom, where are you? I was calling to see if you wanted to have dinner with us Tuesday night.  Give me a call back okay?’
‘Mom, it is Tuesday.  I have not heard from you.  I called Ellen and John, and they have not talked to you either.  John said he would stop by on his way home from work and check on you.  Give me a call back okay.’
‘Mom, I stopped by the other day.  You were not there, call when you get in.’
‘Mom, John thinks you must have decided to take a trip, Ellen thinks you have a boyfriend.  I am really getting worried.  Please call me.’
Anne looked at the calendar, and gasped.  ‘I was gone a week, oh no, the kids.  They must have been so worried about me.’
She grabbed the phone and called Grace.  “Hi honey, I am sorry.  I was away for a while.”  She turned as Ben walked into the room, “yes,” she said looking over at him, “I am seeing someone.”
She watched Ben as he walked to the fridge and took out the milk.  He checked the date on the bottle and dumped it down the drain. “Sorry,” he whispered. Anne shrugged at him.  “I need to go shopping anyway,” she told him.
“Do you mind if I join you?”
Anne shook her head and said, “yes.  He is here.  Sorry I need to go to the store.”  Without taking her eyes from Ben, “how about you all come over for dinner?  Ben will grill some steaks or something.”  Anne listened for a moment, “great.  We will see you then.”
She put the phone down and walked into Ben’s arms.
“You are not angry,’ he asked holding her against him.
She wrapped her arms around him, “you are safe, and that is all that matters to me.  I will see my children tonight, and they can meet you.”  She leaned back in his arms, looking up at him, “you don’t mind seeing them do you?”
Ben looked down at her, “no.  I don’t mind, but I have a lot to do today and very little time to do it in.”
“A lot to do today, we just need to go to the store and cook.”
She watched Ben slowly shake his head.  She looked over to the clock the second hand frozen in place and smiled, “well, then you better get to it.  Time will soon be moving on.”  She said as Ben scooped her up in his arms and carried her back to bed.
She waited in nervous anticipation for her children, wondering what they would think of Ben.  She looked out on the patio and chuckled as she watched Ben grill the steaks, adjusting the heat and the location of the meat on the grill to ensure perfection.
She put a hand on his back, “I would not have minded if you had used other methods to cook these.”
He turned and pulled her into his arms, “you spent all day making your daughters favorite salad, setting the table making sure everything was just right.  How could I do any less?”  He turned her head up and slowly kissed her.
Grace walked through the front door with a tray of food, looked behind her and watched for a second as her husband got the kids out of their car seats.  She walked to the kitchen and looked around, then stepped to the patio door.  She stood a smile on her face as she saw her mother wrapped in the arms of a very big man.  He held her mother in his arms close to his body.  Her mother was so lost in kissing him that she did not hear Tyler come screaming into the house.  A tear slid unnoticed down Grace’s face.  Her mother was no longer alone.
Grace finally felt that she and her brother and sister could stop worrying about her and step back.  Looking at the man who held her, she knew her mother was safe and loved.
Anne watched Ben as he played with the children.  He was so good with them, gentle and patient.  With John and Riley’s baby girl tucked in his arm.  He followed along behind Sam toddling after a ball in the grass.  She felt a stab of pain that he would never have a child of his own, and then remembered Caleb.  She had a feeling that he had raised Caleb, helped shape him into the wonderful man he was.
She turned her attention back to Tyler sleeping in her arms.  She would never get tired of being a grandmother, the sheer joy of watching the children grow and change.  It always seemed to happen so fast.  She listened to her family talk around her.  She relaxed and enjoyed the opportunity to be with them today.
She remembered the phone calls from her daughter over the last week and the panic she could hear in her voice.  Her heart saddened knowing she had caused her children stress.  They had worried over her since their father had died.  She hoped that meeting Ben and seeing how he loved her would make them worry less.
“You know,” she said to them.  “Ben loves to travel as much as I do, and I am sure we will be taking some trips.  I may not let you know every time I go or be able to call you every day.  I hope you won’t worry about me.  Ben will keep me safe.”  She looked up at them, “I have a feeling we will be heading out tomorrow again for a while, I am really enjoying seeing places I have never been.”  She gave a little laugh, “can you believe I even rode a horse?”
Her daughters smiled at her.  They were happy that their mother was once again enjoying her life.  Her son walked over and kissed her cheek, “have fun on your travels.”  He walked over to Ben and talked to him for a few minutes.  Then John took his daughter from him.  John walked back to his mother and gave her a hug.  He and his wife said their goodbyes and left.  Ellen and Matt were right behind them.  When Grace and her family left Anne turned to Ben, “I think they liked you,” she told him with a smile.
He stood looking down at her, “I liked them too.”  He began putting things in order, cleaning things up.
Anne watched him work for a moment then stood and quietly joined him.
“Can I ask you a question, something that has me very confused?”
He looked over at her and continued to clean the grill.
“If you can age, how come you don’t die?”  She watched him raise an eyebrow and continued, “well you said Caleb was a baby, and he is grown.  I am assuming you were a grown man when he was born, and yet you are still young.  Do you age only for a little while then age no more?  It is a bit confusing, if we stop aging, we die.”
Ben thought for a moment.  She watched him as he tried to find the best way to answer, a smile crossing his face, as he seemed to come to a conclusion.
Anne heard a noise beside her and turned to see a child standing there.  She was a beautiful little girl with long red hair.
“This is Jena, in my world Jena is as you see her, a child.  She will grow and age as you do then will age no more.  I am not sure what makes her stop, that is something our scientists are trying to figure out.”
“Some age like me.  I am as you see me now in my world, I can look younger or older here, but when I return home this is my true age.  My brother like me aged the same, Caleb his age is thirty-two.  He has lived hundreds of years at that age.”
“If you do not die, there must be millions of you,” she smiled as the child vanished.
“No, there are not as many as you would think, our people have spent a long time with others, and have created life with them.”  He sighed and looked around, “if I had a child with you,” he gave her an apologetic look.
Anne shrugged at him. She wanted to understand and relating stuff to her was the easiest way to do that.
“Our child would be as you are, human, if it is as Caleb, both you and the child would die.”
She drew a sharp breath.  “Caleb lives.  How can that be?”
“I helped him live.  I knew what he was and chose to keep him alive.  He is here because I allowed it, fought for it and will permit none to take his life.”
Anne stared at him in disbelief, how could he have done that, it sounded almost like he was a ruler, a leader among his people.  That what he said was the law, and none would question him or his decisions.
“That is why it is forbidden to have children with others.  We are a dying race, and we more often than not kill those who carry our children.”
“That is sad,” Anne said.  Understanding that although she could no longer have children, she would never have a child with him.  Doing so could kill both, her and their baby.  “That must be very hard on your people, watching the ones they love die.  Losing both their child and the one, they love.  What happens to the men?  You just showed me a female child.  Can the women have children from men outside of their species?”
“Yes, but so far all the children have been born the species of the man.  That is another thing the scientists have been trying to figure out, why the men can carry on the line, but our women have children of the species they are with.”
“Why do you love me?  I am going to die.  You said you looked for me.  What will you do when I die?  I don’t understand.  I would think you would want to be with one of your own to help your people survive, ensure they do not die out.”
Ben slowly walked toward her, “if you are going to die, I intend to enjoy every minute I can with you until then.”  He pulled her into his arms and kissed her.
Anne wrapped her arms around him and leaned her head against his chest.  Eyes closed, “thank you,” she whispered to him.  “Can we go?”  She looked up into his eyes and smiled as she heard the river, and closed her eyes as the peepers began to call.
“I think.  I have found my favorite place, a place I could very happily live out the rest of my life.  I wish on some level that I could like you, live-forever but it would be so hard too.  A hundred years from now, living with the memory of my children long gone, and yet I live on.  It seems so selfish,” she said as she continued to look up at him, “but I could spend forever here with you.”
She reached a hand up and brushed his face, a tear escaping, “I Love You Ben.  It breaks my heart to think about you living forever alone.  I will be just a memory in your long life, one you had for but a moment, one you can never get back.”
Ben picked Anne up in his arms and kissed her taking her with him to the bed.  He lowered them onto it and made love to her.  He held her as she slept.  His world complete knowing that he had her love, and that she would give it for eternity, stay with him for eternity.
He had searched a long time for her, hoping, wishing she would love him.  His love he would freely give her for the rest of her life.  He could not keep her with him for eternity, unless she wanted him to, asked him to.  He knew she would love him.  He knew that in her world, she would give all to him, but he did not know if she would accept his.  Hearing her say she could spend eternity with him melted his heart.  He would love her as long as he could and wait for her to let him hold her in his arms forever. 
As the sun rose in the sky Ben held out a hand, and a ring appeared in it, he would ask Anne to share her life with him.  Live in her world for the rest of her life, and then if she would let him take her with him to share his.  He smiled; knowing he would be getting the better end of the deal.  While he knew, her life would end in thirty years, in his world her life would never end.
He looked beside him and brought a big farmhouse to his field.  He knew that if they spent forever here that she would want a home.  He brought fences and horses and put them across the field, so they would not disturb the deer that roamed by the river.  He felt her shift next to him and set up a table with flowers and a big breakfast for her.  He wanted to build up her energy, because she was going to need it.  He smiled down at her as she opened her eyes and looked at him.
“Good Morning,” he said.
Anne shook her head at him and smiled as he lowered his head to kiss her.  “Now, it is a good morning,” she smiled as she sat up.
She gasped as she looked around tears running down her face, she looked at him.  “You did this for me?”
Ben smiled and pulled her into his arms, “I wanted to give this to you.  I know you like sleeping out under the stars, but I thought you might like the comforts of a home too.”  He said watching her rise from the bed.  She walked around looking at all that lay before her.
“Can we live here.  This has to be someone’s land,” she said turning to look at him.
“It is,” he said, “mine, and now yours.”
Anne ran to him, “Ben,” she said as she hugged him, “thank you, it is perfect.”
She stepped back and watched the horses running across the pasture.  There must have been a dozen of them.  A huge barn stood at the far end of the pasture, fences going in every direction.
The house was off to her left a beautiful farmhouse.  It had a big front porch facing the river where the deer roamed.  Anne paused when a thought hit her.  She spun in a circle then looked at Ben.  “There are no roads.  How come there are no roads?”
Ben smiled at her as he too looked around.  “There are no roads because no one can get in here with a road.”
Anne looked up at him confused.  “Then how do we get here.”
“The only way you can get, here is through me.  There are no other options.”
Anne walked toward the river then turned back to Ben.  “Are we on earth?”
She watched Ben rock his head back and forth.  “Yes, we are.”
“When,” she asked with curiosity.  
Ben smiled at her.  She was catching on fast he thought.  “We are only fifty years before you were born.  In your current time, there are shopping malls and tall buildings all around us.  I added a driveway so it would blend in better.  Although our land is two hundred acres, you would still know your neighbors are there.  That is why I chose this time for us.  We can come here anytime you want and have peace and solitude.”
“Why can’t I go to your home?”
“It is difficult to explain, but you would not exist there.  I am sure sometimes I will have to go, but I will always return here to you.”
Anne thought about what Ben had said.  ‘She did not exist in his world.’  She wondered again, where it was and when it was.
Looking around she could feel the peace and tranquility of this place and knew she would be very happy here.
Ben stepped back and knelt on one knee in front of her, “Anne, would you marry me?”
Tears, running down her face again, she threw herself at him knocking them both to the ground, raining kisses all over his face, “yes, yes, yes,” she chanted over and over to him.
Ben rolled with her in his arms looking down at her.  He took her left hand and slipped the ring on it, his eyes on hers.  He slowly lowered his head, and together they journeyed to the stars.
It was a beautiful day, Anne in a white gown, her daughters fussing with her dress and hair making sure everything was perfect.  Anne could not believe she was getting married again.  She never thought she would.  Tom, I hope you are happy for me, she thought.  I love him so much, it is hard for me to explain it to you, but the love I feel for him is so different.  I feel like I am whole with him, I thought when I found you.  I had found my other half, but I was wrong.  I am so thankful for your love, and our life.  For the children, you blessed me with.  Tears ran down her face, I am sorry.  I would have loved you with all that I am for the rest of my life.  I did not really know what love was until he showed me.  Please, if you can hear me, if you can see me, do not be sad, I love you, and I will miss you every day for the rest of my life.  Anne wiped a tear that ran down her face.
“Mom, don’t cry,” Ellen said taking her hand, “daddy would be so happy.  He would not have wanted you to be alone.”
Anne hugged Ellen and stood as her son walked into the room.  “Ready,” John asked.
She hugged Grace then took her son’s arm smiling up at him.  She nodded.
The wedding was taking place in a little country church not far from Anne’s house.  She and Ben decided they would have a very simple wedding with just a few guests.  Kelly and her husband were there, and a few other friends.  Anne’s sister who was her bridesmaid again was here with her family.
She looked around the room as the music began to play and smiled as she saw several people she did not know.  She knew they came for Ben.  Anne brushed away tears.  She was so happy that they wanted to share their special day with them.
Anne looked up at Ben, tears again filling her eyes as she looked at him.  A look she could not read passing over his face.  She looked beside Ben to see his best man.  Caleb tipped a cowboy hat that only she could see.  She smiled at him and he winked back.
She smiled again at her son, and nodded as they began the slow walk toward her future.
Ben held a handout for her, and shook her son’s hand.  John kissed her on the cheek then went to sit with his wife.  She looked up into Ben’s eyes hers filled with tears.  She and Ben had decided to say a few words to each other before they said their vows.
The organist stopped playing and the Pastor nodded at her.  She smiled at him and looked again at Ben.
“Words cannot begin to express the love I feel for you, the gratitude I have that you ran into me when we first met.  I know that if you had not done something like that to get my attention, I never would have noticed you.  I had not realized that I had shut the world out. I had closed my heart and mind to love.  I have never met anyone with such patience and devotion.  Your thoughtful consideration to my needs, seeming to know them before I speak is a pleasure to me.  I am sure I cannot even begin to understand the depth of your love for me, but I promise to love you with everything I have and everything I am for the rest of my life.”
Ben rubbed her hand looking deeply into her eyes, “Anne, my heart.  You have completed my world.  Given me what I thought I would never find, thought I would not have.  I searched to the ends of the world, and my life had a deep void until you filled it.  Your kindness and beauty are unsurpassed.  The way that you take pleasure in the little things, your unconditional love humbles me.  Your willingness to let me into your world and life without hesitation.  Your understanding and acceptance of our differences allowed me to see the good in others.  You have taught me that I need to look more for the beauty in this world and continue to change myself, so I can see it.  I will carry you with me through eternity and beyond.”
Ben looked into her eyes and spoke to her words only she heard, “Never Again Goodbye, my heart, never again.”
Anne brushed tears from her face as she heard his words knew they were spoken only to her.  ‘I Love you Ben,’ she thought, ‘thank you for loving me, for letting me love you, for teaching me what love was.’
She saw Ben smile, ‘you are so welcome.’
They turned as one and looked at the Pastor.  He said a few words to the guests then turned back to Ben and Anne.
“Do you take this man to be your husband, in sickness and health, for richer or poorer until death do you part?”
“I do,” Anne, said looking deeply into Ben’s eyes.
“Do you take this woman to be your wife, in sickness and health, for richer or poorer until death do you part?”
“I do,” Ben, said his eyes never leaving hers.  
“Do you have the ring?”  The pastor asked Ben.
 Ben took the ring from his pocket, taking Anne’s hand he waited for the pastor’s words.
“Repeat after me, ‘with this ring I thee wed’.”
As Ben slid the ring on her finger, he spoke the words.
The pastor looked at Anne and smiled as she pulled Ben’s ring off her thumb. “Repeat after me, ‘with this ring I thee wed’.”
Anne slid the ring on Ben’s finger.  Looking up into his eyes, she repeated the words.
“By the power invested in me, I now pronounce you man and wife.  You may kiss your bride,” the pastor said looking toward Ben.
Ben smiled as he pulled Anne into his arms and kissed his wife.
He looked down into her smiling face and brushed her tears, ‘thank you, for loving me,” he told her.
Anne smiled up at him as the pastor cleared his throat.  They stepped apart and looked up at him.  He turned them to the guests, and introduced them as husband and wife.  A cheer went up as they walked together back down the aisle.
They had a wonderful day with their friends and family.  Anne was able to meet some of Ben’s friends and spent time with Caleb.  It was a beautiful day.  Anne smiled as they got in a car with the words ‘Just Married’ on the back window.  Cans were dragging from the back fender as everyone waved goodbye.
Anne looked over at Ben and smiled as he reached a hand out to her.  He pulled the car over to the side of the road and took her in his arms.  “Are you ready for our honeymoon?” he asked looking down at her.
She reached a hand up and placed it on the side of his face.  “Absolutely,” she said as Ben lowered his head.
Anne looked around in delight.  Ben had taken them back to the farm while he kissed her.  She shook her head at him.  “You are amazing.  Thank you.”
Ben brushed a tear from her cheek, leaned down and kissed her nose.  “I am going to check on the horses.  I will be back in a few minutes.”
Anne stood a moment and watched Ben walk toward the pasture then she turned and went into the house.
She smiled as she entered the bedroom and saw her luggage set up there.
She went in the bathroom and smiled as she looked in the mirror.  She was so happy.  She had married Ben today, and was spending her honeymoon at their retreat with him.  She thought about what she would wear on her wedding night and only one thing came to mind.
She went to her suitcase and pulled out a pair of silk shorts and a sheer camisole.  She paused when she passed her dresser.  She saw the rock she had picked up so long ago the yellow and black granite rock from Mount Washington.  She smiled looking at it and thinking how far she and Ben had come.  She was his wife now, and he was waiting for her.  She turned and headed to the bathroom.
She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled.  She took her hair out of the elastic and went to find Ben.  He was standing at the rail watching the horses running, in the distance.  She stepped into his arms, “are you alright?”
Ben looked down at her and kissed her nose, “I have searched a lifetime for you.  It still amazes me that not only did I find you, but that you love me.  Thank you, for loving me for letting me be a part of you.”
Anne smiled up at him, “a part of me?”  She asked giving him a look he understood very well.  She stepped back and he looked down at her.  She laughed as he lunged at her.”
Anne ran laughing toward the door when it suddenly vanished.  She stopped in surprise and looked around.  She shrieked when she realized she was standing knee deep in snow.  “Ben, oh, you wait until I am done with you,” she said as she scooped up a handful of snow and turned hitting him in the face.
She quickly turned and tried to run from him, the snow so deep she could hardly move.  She shrieked again as she fell face first in the snow.  She lifted her head, “Ben, get me out of here!”
Ben stood laughing watching her.  He scooped her up in his arms and held her close to his heart.  Looking into her eyes, he kissed her, his lips traveling slowly over hers, then down her neck.  Hitting the spots, he knew she liked the ones that would ignite her passion.
He stopped for a moment his forehead against hers, “I think you need to cool off for a second or this will be over before we start.”  He smiled down at her.
“Ben,” she warned him.
“No snow?”  He watched her shake her head, “fine then how about this?”
Anne jumped as she felt water touch her toes.  She pulled her feet out of it and looked around.  Her mouth dropping in surprise, he had taken her to a beach.  The moon was setting out to sea.  She heard nothing except the gentle lapping of the waves on the shore.
She turned and smiled up at him, “I don’t mind if it ends too fast.  We will just have to start all over again.”  She said as Ben leaned his head down toward her.
Anne was sweeping the front steps of her cabin when she looked up and smiled.  Sauntering toward her, was Caleb, his coat blowing back in the breeze.
As he stepped on the porch, he took her hand in his.  He brought it to his lips and kissed it.  “My Lady, how are you?”
Anne smiled at him.  She could hear Ben’s words; ‘He likes his games.’  Though she was wearing pants she curtsied looking up at him, “Your Majesty,” she said.
Caleb threw back his head and laughed.
“How have you been?”  He asked.
She smiled at him, and offered him a seat, “I am good and you?”
He seemed to think a minute, “I am good.  Where is Ben?”
“He said something about a meeting, he should be back soon.  We were going to go riding this afternoon.”
Caleb paused for a moment looking out at the pasture.  He rose and reached a handout for Anne.  “Tell him it is time for a visit, would you?”
“Of course,” Anne said as she stood and kissed his cheek.
She went back to sweep the deck after Caleb left then went in and made some brownies.
She was just taking them out of the pan when Ben wrapped his arms around her.
She rubbed against him and smiled, “I missed you,” she said looking up at him.
He leaned over her and kissed her distracting her while he stole a brownie.
“Hey,” she said as she swatted him, “these are for the grandchildren.
Anne suddenly remembered that Caleb had stopped by and told Ben, “do you think he is okay?”
“I am sure he is.  It is probably just time for a visit.  Would you like to go with me?”
“Can I?”
“Of course, but after we deliver the brownies we will have to come back here so you can change.”
“Change, what is wrong with what I am wearing?”
“You won’t blend in very well in the Old West.”
Anne turned around in front of Ben, “are you sure this is okay.  I don’t want to stand out too much.”  She said looking down at herself.
Ben inspected her one last time, “you are beautiful, and perfect.”  He said as his clothes suddenly changed.
Anne smiled at him, “yes but these boots are going to kill me.”  She lifted her long dress and looked down at them.  I don’t know how women used to wear these.”
Ben pulled her into his arms, “it won’t be for long.  Are you ready?”
Anne nodded then looked around when she heard a horse, “hello,” she said as she rubbed the nose of the Big Stallion.  “He loves me, can we keep him?”
Ben stopped beside her, “sorry.  I don’t think Caleb would appreciate that.”
“He is Caleb’s?”  Anne asked with surprise, “he is just beautiful.  I guess he will not part with him.  I am sure he likes this time too.  He looks like he belongs here.”
She felt Ben’s hands on her waist as he lifted her to sit on the horse.  Ben jumped up behind her, and they headed down a dirt road toward the old town.  Anne leaned back on him and looked up into his face.  “Have I told you today that I Love You, and that I think you are magnificent?’
She began trailing kisses on his neck and face, pushing her bottom back into him.  The horse suddenly stopped and Ben picked Anne up.  He turned her around putting her legs over his and pulled her into his arms.  A few minutes later, she was laughing at him getting tangled in her skirts.
“I will finish this later,” he said as he kissed her one last time and turned her back around. 
They stopped in front of the Sheriff’s office, and Caleb came out, “how do you like my Stallion?”
Anne smiled as Caleb lifted her off the horse, “I love him.  I had just asked Ben if we could keep him,” she said as she stoked the big horse again.
Anne looked up at Caleb and saw him looking at Ben.  Some message she did not hear passed between them.
“It is done,” Ben said as he put a hand on Caleb’s shoulder.
“Caleb,” Anne began looking at him with concern.  “Are you alright?”
“Sure, I just wanted a visit,” he said placing a hand on her back and leading her into the Sheriff’s office.
Anne froze as she walked into the office.  The place looked like a huge ballroom.  There were people everywhere all dressed for the Old West.  Tables lined the walls full of food and drinks.  An orchestra was set up on a stage.  She laughed when she looked into the middle of the floor and saw a disco ball.
Turning she reached up and hugged Caleb, tears in her eyes.  She turned back to the group.  “Thank You” she said looking around the room.  She walked into Ben’s arms and cried, so overjoyed at the acceptance his people had given her.
Ben held his wife and looked around the room thanking each one, grateful that they wanted to share their wedding with them.
Caleb pulled Anne out of Ben’s arms and led her onto the dance floor.
Anne laughed, “I thought the first dance was for my husband?”
“He can have you later” Caleb said, “today is our turn to get to know you.”
Anne smiled up at him, “then you can have as much time as you want.”
Ben watched Anne smiling and laughing as his people passed her from person to person.  They spent time dancing and talking to her.  They treated her like a queen.  Drinks handed to her.  Chairs pulled out so she could rest.  People were coming and going.  All wanting to spend time with Anne.  He was pleased that they had so readily accepted her into their world, accepted that she was a part of him.
Ben continued to search the crowd his eyes coming to a stop on Jena.  He stood and watched her heard her.  She was looking at Caleb.  Ben knew that Caleb was the one Jena loved, the only one she would ever love.
Jena felt Ben watching her she turned and looked at him.  Using her mind, she spoke only to him.  “Why can he not hear me?”
“He is not ready.  You will have to do as I did.  Watch and wait for a long time.  I give you my word that when he is ready he will hear, and he will never leave.”
Ben watched a tear run down Jena’s face as she vanished.
He looked around the room.  The music and dancing stopped.  Anne looked at Ben then around the room.  She noticed that everyone seemed to be standing watching Ben as if waiting for him to speak.   She looked up at Caleb, who stood at her side, “What is going on?”
“I am not sure,” Caleb, told her.  But he bet anything it had something to do with his father.
Anne watched as a bunch of people suddenly appeared in front of Ben.  They looked like an army to her.  She was not sure how else to describe them.  They all had on similar uniforms, but she was seeing them as they really were.  They did not blend in as the others in the room.  This group looked different.  
She looked in awe at them.  Their skin seemed to have a light glow to it a blue hue.  They were beautiful.  She looked down their bodies and gasped.  As she realized they seemed to blend in with the colors around them.  The only thing her mind could come up with was chameleons.  It was an incredible sight to see what Ben’s people looked like.  She had thought for a while, he was not human now she was positive.  Anne wondered if he too could change like that.  Did he look like them?  She had never seen him anyway, but as he was now.  She wanted to ask him to let her see him as he really was.  She wondered if that would bother him.  Would he want to show her what he truly was?
She looked again at the group in front of him.  They all had some human characteristics, hair and eye color all varying.  Their skin was amazing.
She watched as they like everyone in the room stood silent before him as if waiting for his command.  She thought watching him that this was his army, he had told her he was like a Sheriff in his time, but she felt he was much more than that.  These individuals stood silent before him as if waiting for a command.  She would bet anything she had that they would do anything for him even die if needed.
Ben stood and looked over his people, using his mind he spoke to them.  “I have found the one he seeks.  If he finds her, he will kill her.  Her life must be protected at all costs is that understood?”
Anne watched in amazement as the room nodded as one to Ben.  “What are they saying?”  She asked Caleb.
“I cannot hear him, unless he lets me and right now, he has shut me out.”
Ben continued, “The one he seeks is the future of our people.  She holds the answers we seek.  Her survival is vital to our survival.”
He watched them for a moment more then called her to him.
Anne watched as the child she had seen at her house suddenly appeared before Ben.  She saw him kneel down before her and speak to her.
“Jena,” Ben began his hands on the child’s shoulders looking into her eyes.  “I am going to give you a direct order, is that clear?”  Ben waited as the child nodded to him.  “I am going to give you protectors.  You will never leave their presence.  I don’t want you playing games and hiding on them.”
Jena looked around at those standing behind her then back at Ben, “why do I need protectors?”
“You will understand someday, but for now I want your word that you will do as you are told.”
Jena looked around one last time and quietly whispered, “yes sir.”
Ben brushed a hand down her face.  “You have nothing to fear.  As you watch and wait for the one your heart calls, others will watch and protect you.”
Ben watched Jena look around one more time, “and when you are grown you will be as they are.”  He said gesturing to the ones gathered behind her.  “You will be the protector of your people, and it will be my honor to serve with you.”
Anne smiled as she watched the child launch herself at Ben and wrap her arms around him.  She released him and stepped back to the army, and they and the child vanished as one.
Anne’s eyes met Bens and he winked at her.  She smiled then gasped in surprise as Caleb grabbed her arm and pulled her back onto the dance floor.
“Now that was a party killer,” he said as he spun her around.
Ben watched Anne as she spent the day mingling with his people, getting to know them and letting them get to know her.  He watched her several times go back and talk to Sarina.  He knew Sarina was the driving force behind this party.  She loved to plan events, sit, and watch them. She was a quiet gentle woman.  She like Anne gave all that she had to ensure the happiness of others.  He knew that one day soon, she would find the one, her heart calls, and he would move heaven and earth to save her.
Ben could see that Anne was getting tired.  He looked around the room and thanked those gathered.  He walked to Sarina and pulled her into a hug, whispering in her ear.  He thanked her personally.
Sarina looked up at Ben and placed a hand on his face, “no, thank you.  I like you, have watched and waited for her, thank you for finding the friend of my heart for me,” she said as a tear ran down her face.  She leaned up and kissed his cheek then vanished.
Ben walked over to Anne and pulled her into his arms,” have you had enough,” he asked her.
Anne leaned her head on him, “yes, and as I thought my feet are killing me.”
Ben looked down at her feet “I don’t know why,” he said, “those bunny slippers look awfully cute.”
Anne gave him a blank look then raised the bottom of her dress and laughed.  Gone were the uncomfortable boots.  In their place, she wore a pair of fluffy bunny slippers.  “I love them, thank you.”
Ben kissed her nose, put his hand on her back, and led her around the room, so she could say goodbye to everyone.
She smiled as she laid in bed thinking about the day she had.  She had met so many wonderful people and was going to see Sarina in a few days.  She felt like in Sarina that she had found a kindred spirit.
Anne rolled over and looked at Ben.  He laid beside her his arm wrapped protectively around her.  She leaned up on one arm and looked down at him.  
“Can you look like them?”  She watched his face as he slowly opened his eyes.
Ben looked at her and said nothing as he slowly nodded.
“Why have I never seen you?”  She sat up and thought for a moment.  “Are you afraid to let me see you?  Afraid I won’t love you that I won’t like who you are?”
She looked back down at him, as he laid unmoving beside her.  She reached a hand out and stroked his face.  “I love you Ben.  I want to know you.  Please give me a chance to see who you are.  Trust the love I have for you.”
She watched his face his expression never changed, but she smiled as his form slowly did.  She moved her hand and gently rubbed his blue chest.  She smiled, as his skin seemed to turn where her hand lay.  It turned the color of her hand.  She raised her hand and waited until he held his up then interlaced their fingers.  Anne drew in a small breath.  Her eyes alight as she watched his fingers as they merged with hers.  
The color of his hands blending with her skin almost seemed like their hands were only one.  Anne wondered if making love to him in his true form would be different.  Would he truly merge with her body and become a complete part of her?  An extension where you could not see where she began, or he ended.  
She looked into his eyes taking her hand back and again putting it on his face.  “You are so handsome.  I love you no matter what you look like.  Please do not change for me.  Be who you are I will love you no matter your form.”
Ben reached up a hand, brushed her hair back, and pulled her lips to his. He felt Anne smile again as he pulled her to him.  Taking her with him, he rolled them over and spent a very long time letting her get to know him.
Anne grabbed a robe and went to the kitchen.  Ben was not there so she went outside looking for him.  She looked toward the river and saw the deer.  Quietly, she walked to the water’s edge and patted it.
She heard a rustling in the brush and looked over.  Looking back at her was a fawn.  Anne started in surprise “it is beautiful,” she said to the deer at her side.  The deer looked up at her as if in understanding then wandered to her offspring and led it into the forest.
Anne stood a moment longer then headed to the barn to find Ben.  As she passed stalls, she stopped rubbing the noses of the horses that poked their heads out to say, ‘hi.’  She stopped at the last open stall and saw Ben on his knees.  She looked around him and gave a gasp of surprise standing in front of him was a colt.  It was beautiful, black in color with a white star between its eyes.  She screeched and covered her mouth as the little thing jumped back from her.
She came down on her knees beside Ben.  “Oh, I am so sorry.’  She held out a hand and waited for it to come back.  Looking up at Ben she said.  “Please thank Caleb for me.”
Ben nodded and watched as the colt slowly walked back to Anne and let her touch him.
Anne looked in the mirror, thinking back over her life.  She smiled, thinking about Tom.  They had a wonderful life together, had three beautiful children.  She smiled thinking about them.  They were grandparents now.  She could not believe how fast the years had flown, watching her children grow old.  Her grandchildren had grown up and now had children of their own.  She smiled thinking about that.  Her children had given her nine grandchildren, and so far.  She had two great grandchildren.
Ben was a magnificent husband.  He loved her with a love she had never known possible.  Shown her a world she never knew.  She had done and seen more in the thirty years she had been with him than she had in all the years before she met him.
They went often to their farmhouse, looking up at the endless sky watching the deer come year after year.  Generations of the deer came to that same spot to eat the grass along the river and stand and watch with them.
She had been back to see Caleb on many occasions and came to love him for the truly incredible man he was.  He had taught her all about breeding stallions, and she now had a bunch of them roaming around her farm.  Generation after generation of them all sired from Star, the horse given to her by Caleb.  He was like her, old now, but he had produced many beautiful horses.
She thought of Sarina, her friend.  She had been such a force in Anne’s life, a constant companion.  One she could lean on and one she felt like leaned on her.  They had shared secrets, laughter and tears.
Tears ran unchecked down her face, she was going to have to say goodbye to them all, never to see them again.  She had not been feeling good for a while, cancer the doctor said, inoperable.  She was going to die.  Pain caught her heart as she thought of Ben having to go on for so long without her.  She wondered if he would fall in love again, she hoped he would.  She did not want him to spend eternity alone.
She stood crying in the bathroom, not knowing what to do.  Not wanting to tell him or her children, the pain of losing them making her cry harder.  She felt Ben behind her and leaned into his strength.  She let him hold her in his arms.  He carried her again to her favorite place, and held her until she could cry no more.
He kissed her head, his heart was breaking.  He knew this day was coming.  Ben knew he had to lose her to get her back.  He had not yet asked her if she wanted to join him.  He wished he could just take her memories and keep her with him for eternity.  He knew that if he took her memories from her that someday he could and would give them back to her.  He knew that after she learned about herself again she would want to know her children.  That she would want to remember them despite the pain it would cause.
He rocked her in his arms and held her there, knowing he had to take her back soon.  Time was moving.  Ben knew the doctors only gave her three months.  He wanted to keep her with him.  Selfishly holding her to him, he never wanted to let her go.  He knew her children would want to be with her in her last moments.
“Do you want to stay the night here,” he asked her.
“Please,” she said looking up at him, “can we sleep under the stars as we did so long ago.”
“Anything you want, my heart, all you have to do is ask, and I will give you what I can.”
Anne looked up into his handsome face, seeing it as she had in the parking lot so long ago.  She smiled remembering the first time they had met, when he had followed her.  She remembered when he had touched her hand, and she had seen him as an old man.  He had asked her, how long she had been able to see the future.  It seemed so long ago now, but she was now in the future.  To those around them, he had aged, as he should have, he never went back to what he really was.
Aging along with her his face changing looking to all, as if he were indeed eighty-two.  She knew that he was young and would remain that way forever.  Tears tracked down her face as she looked up at him, “thank you.”
“For what” he asked her.
“For the wonderful life you have given me.  Thank you for loving me and sharing my world with me.  I told you many years ago that you were an amazing man, but I truly had no idea how amazing you really were.”
She leaned her head against his chest and listened to the steady beat of his heart.  “I am sorry I have to leave you.”  She said looking up at him, “promise me.  You will love another.  I don’t want you to spend eternity alone.”
Ben leaned toward Anne and kissed her lips wiping the tears that silently rolled down her face.  He took her in his arms and carried her to the bed, laid her back and held her while she watched the stars.
Ben knew he would have eternity with her, but he held her with him for a week.  He would never get tired of seeing her smile, of making her happy.  He watched her as she sat for hours with the deer, walked with the horses and stared at the stars.  He was glad she had loved this place, and that she wanted to make a world here.  She had asked often for him to take her to their farm over the years.  He wished he could keep her in this spot.  Let her take her last breath under the stars.  But he could not do that.  She needed to be with her children.
He saw her walk slowly across the field and stumble.  He appeared beside her and gathered her in his arms before she fell.  He took her with him back to her home and called her children to them.  They stood around her bed, tears on their faces, holding her hand and talking to her for days.  Ben’s heart was breaking as he watched her suffer.  He wanted to take her now, but he could not, he had to wait, to watch like her children.
He would sit for hours and talk to her, rub her hand and hold her in his arms while she slept.  Her children kept constant vigil, trying to help him, make it easier on him.  They humbled him by their devotion to their mother, and him.  He had come to love them, as if they were his own, had watched them grow.  Seen them raise their children.  They had taught their children to call him grandpa, a title he never imagined he would have.
It broke his heart to know he had to let them go, but he could only save those who called out to his heart.  Caleb had called to him as he took his first breath, had known him.  Anne his only true love her heart called to him as she too entered this life.  He had reached out to her, selfishly kept her safe for him.  He had brought her to this spot, and now he would have to watch her die in order to give her life again.
The pain in his heart great as he listened to her labored breathing.  She had not had the energy to speak in days.  He rubbed a hand down her body and took the pain from her, there was no need for her to feel it, and he would not allow it.
He felt a hand on his shoulder and looked at Caleb.  Caleb had come often and sat with her.  He would sit talking to her trying to comfort both her and Ben with his presence.
Sarina was a constant presence always there.  Making sure no one needed a thing.  Silently working and helping as they cared for Anne.  She was quietly standing in the background a silent strength to those who came and went.  Ben knew that although to everyone around Sarina looked seventy, an old woman.  He knew she would not go.  That she would keep silent vigil over Anne’s children until they drew their last breath.  Loving them as if they were her own.  Caring for them as they aged and grew ill.  She would stand for her friend and do what Anne could not.
Ben could see her heart breaking and could do nothing to ease her pain.  She like he had to suffer this and wait for Anne to ask.  He knew Anne had talked often of spending eternity with him, but she truly had to accept.
He thought about all the things they had done.  The places they had gone, her smile and absolute joy a constant.  He looked down into her face as she raised her eyes to him.  He knew her time had come.  He called her children, and let them say their goodbyes.
He laid down on the bed took her into his arms and looked down into her face.  “Do you still love me?”  His mind asked hers one last time.
Anne her eyes on him, her body tired reached up a hand and touched his face, “yes.”
“Forever” he asked.
“For eternity” she replied.
“Marry me again.”
“Yes,” she said.  In her mind, she heard a voice.  ‘Do you take this man,’ as she said, “I do,” she looked one last time with her old eyes.
Her children gathered before her, “I Love you,” she said as she drew her last breath.  
A smile spread across her face as she heard a voice say, ‘I now pronounce you man and wife.  You may now kiss your bride.’
Her children watched as Ben leaned over their mother, tears running down their faces as they witness not only the passing of their mother, but of the man, she loved.
As Ben’s lips touch Anne, she opened her eyes and looked into the face of her beloved once again age fifty two.
She was pulled tightly in Ben’s arms tears running down her face.  She looked up at him and said, “I remember.”
“I know.  I knew that although it would bring you pain you would never want to forget them.”
Anne reached a hand up and touched his face. “Please can I ask for one more thing.”
“Anything you want,” he said wiping her tears
“Tell them I love them.”
Anne watched never taking her eyes from Ben as he did this simple thing for her.
Her children stood at the bedside not able to believe that their mother had gone so fast.  Ben, he must have died of a broken heart.  They jumped back as a fog filled the room.  They heard a voice that sounded like Ben’s.
Looking toward the bed where he had just laid they see that it is empty.  Both their mother and Ben are gone.
They froze in fear, when they heard Ben say, “do not fear me.”  Ben told them quietly as he appeared in front of the bed.  “I bring a message to you.  Never forget how much she loves you.  I love you.  I will hold her safe in my arms for eternity.”
The fog cleared a little, and they could see into another room where a wedding was taking place.  They could see Ben.  He looked like he did when they first met him.  He was holding a woman tight in his arms.  Their faces turned just a little, so they can see their mother again in her mid forties looking up at Ben and smiling. 
"And beyond" Ben said to Anne.  He once again lowered his head as they and the room disappeared. 

###
Dear Reader,
I hope you enjoyed the story of Anne and Ben.  I hope that you will stay tuned and watch for the next book in the series.
Never More Alone
This Book is going to be about Sarina and the quiet strength while she searches for the one her heart calls.
The third book in this series will conclude with Caleb and Jena.
Thank you for reading; I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
Dacia
