New Year’s Kiss
by Tielle St. Clare



Copyright © 2017 T. L. Green



Smashwords Edition


Cover design by Erin Dameron-Hill / EDHGraphics 

All rights are reserved. This e-book is licensed for individual readership only. No portion of this e-book may be resold or redistributed in any format.

To obtain permission to excerpt portions of the text, please contact the author at www.tiellestclare.com

Author’s Note
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters and events are creations of the author’s imagination.  Any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Author note: New Year’s Kiss was originally published in 2006 so any references to technology or culture might have changed a bit.  Enjoy! 







Prologue

Mikhel slammed out of the house. God, why does he have to be so stubborn? His back teeth ground together until he was sure one of them was going to crack. Didn’t he realize what century they were in? He stalked across the back lawn to the garage and into his apartment above it. Once inside he threw himself down on his couch and growled.
His mind replayed the conversation, his thoughts so loud he almost didn’t hear the footsteps on the stairs. The tap on the door made him sit up and push his hair out of his face. God, his dad had even started harping on his hair. What? He wasn’t a kid and he liked his hair long.
Without getting up, he called for his visitor to come in. He knew who it was. Byron. His father’s best friend and Beta. Lately Byron had been running interference between Mikhel and his dad so it wasn’t unexpected that he’d followed Mikhel after this last fight.
Byron opened the apartment door and stepped inside. The grim look on his face did little to ease Mikhel’s irritation. He wasn’t in the mood for another “respecting your Alpha” speech. Mikhel understood that they were werewolves, that they spent a portion of their life in wolf form and that they lived by pack rules but God, when his father was wrong, he was wrong and Mikhel wasn’t going to follow blindly just because his dad was Alpha. Sometimes he hated pack life.
He looked up and waited for Byron to speak, refusing to break the silence. Finally Byron nodded.
“I think you should leave.”
“What?” Mikhel’s spine straightened and the hair on the back of his neck stood up.
“I think you should leave the pack. It’s time.”
That got Mikhel to his feet. He stalked across the room—stopping when his face was an inch away from Byron’s—and stared down the Beta wolf. Byron didn’t back up despite Mikhel’s larger size.
“My father is kicking me out?”
Byron shook his head. “You know he’d never do that and he’d kick my ass if he knew I was even talking to you about it but—” He paused, as if gathering his thoughts. “You’re going to tear the pack apart.”
Mikhel winced and spun away, not wanting to hear Byron’s gloomy prediction. “It was just a stupid fight. Dad and I have them all the time. You’ve heard Mom. It’s because we’re so much alike.”
“Exactly. You’re too much alike. Two Alpha wolves in the same pack. You challenge him at every point and soon he’s going to have to knock you down.” Byron wandered into the little apartment and leaned his hip against the kitchen table. “Or even worse, one of these days, you two are going to push each other into a challenge.”
“And you think I’d win?” Byron was fiercely loyal to Mikhel’s father.
Byron shrugged. “I have no idea who’d win but there would be one person who’d lose no matter what.”
Mikhel sighed. “Mom.”
“Yes. It’s killing her every time you fight because she can see it, see where it’s heading.” Byron pushed away from the table. “Your father would never ask you to leave. You know that. But think about it. There’s a big world out there. The pack has some land up north that’s not being occupied. No existing wolf packs in the area. Might be a good place for a young wolf to start his own.”
Mikhel recoiled. “I don’t want my own pack.”
“But you will. Someday.” He placed his hand on Mikhel’s shoulder and squeezed. “Think about it.”
And he did. For two days. Days he spent watching his parents, the tired lines around his mother’s eyes. The cautious way she watched him and her husband as if expecting another blowup at any point. Byron was right. His mother was the one suffering.
So a week later, Mikhel finished loading his stuff in the back of his SUV and said goodbye to his parents, hugging his mom as she clung to him. She’d cried when he’d announced that he was leaving but she hadn’t asked him to stay.
He wasn’t going far—two hours to the north—but it would be enough to get him out his father’s house, away from the pack. That was what had finally tipped the scale for him. He’d be away from pack restrictions. Answering only to himself, responsible only for himself.
But still, it was hard to leave.
Blinking away tears that threatened as he’d kissed his mom’s cheek, he carried the last bag out to the curb and drew to a stop. Zach, his best friend since grade school, leaned against the back of the silver SUV, a duffle bag lying at his feet.
“What are you doing here?”
“Thought you might like some company.” Zach shrugged. “Nothing holding me here.”
A tiny kernel of stress he hadn’t even recognized eased inside his chest. He wasn’t going alone. And Zach would make an excellent Beta if Mikhel decided to actually form a pack of his own.




Chapter One

“Bastard.” Taylor snapped her phone shut and smacked the gray metal case on the tabletop.
“You have to be talking about Dick,” Zach called from behind the counter, the hiss of the espresso machine muffling his snarl.
“His name is Chic,” Taylor shouted over the noise, feeling strangely compelled to correct him.
“Whatever.”
The hissing stopped and Zach poured the hot milk into three paper cups. Three? Just as Taylor wondered who the third was for, the coffee shop door opened and Mikhel walked in.
Of course. Mikhel. He always seemed to show up when she stopped by. If she was paranoid she would think that Zach had some way to signal Mikhel when she arrived but she wasn’t that mental. Or that arrogant. A man like Mikhel no doubt had his choice of women—and men if he wanted them—so there was no way he could be interested in someone like her.
Part of the reason she’d returned to Zach’s Coffee after that first accidental visit was the pure beauty of her surroundings—Zach and Mikhel. Zach had that Greek god thing going—tall, broad shoulders, narrow hips. Blond hair that hung just past his collar. Gorgeous and sweet. Definitely a man designed for sex. Everything about him seemed sexual. Especially his mouth. Something about his lips made her dream about hours spent with him lying between her legs. It had been years since she’d had a lover who enjoyed going down on her, and God, she missed it. Chic was willing but only if she reciprocated. And she didn’t like having to bargain for sex.
She added that to the top of her list of reasons why she’d planned on breaking up with Chic.
She shook her head and glanced at Zach and his beautiful mouth. She was probably imagining things but she just had the feeling that if she offered, Zach would bury his face in her pussy and spend hours licking and tasting her. Not that she would offer but still the fantasy was there.
Glad that she was seated so the little dream didn’t make her knees shake, she looked at the other half of the pair.
While Zach was physically beautiful, Mikhel was dangerous. A few inches shorter than Zach, Mikhel was solid muscle and looked like he’d been a pit bull in a previous life—with piercing blue eyes and dark, blue-black hair. He was tough and strong and if Taylor ever felt threatened, she’d want him to hide behind. Power surrounded him. You didn’t even need to get near him to know that he was the meanest dog in the junkyard. And something about that power made her panties wet every time he entered the room.
Of course, most everything about these two men made her panties wet. She’d been using one or the other of them for her fantasies for the past six months.
Mikhel didn’t greet either of them. He just came over and sat down at her table, accepting the cup of coffee Zach brought him as if it was his due. They moved together like they’d known each other a long time—almost like an old married couple. She’d often wondered if they were lovers. They were the perfect match for each other.
Strength and beauty.
Individually they were intense.
Together, they were overwhelming. Or they would have been if there was any chance that either one of them was interested in her. But no. In the six months since she’d gone to Mikhel’s computer shop next door and stopped by Zach’s to wait while Mikhel worked on her laptop, neither man had made a pass or given any indication they were interested in more than friendship. Of course, she had been dating someone. Maybe now there was a chance. Her internal censor mocked her little fantasy, shutting her down before she had a chance to embarrass herself by throwing her body at either man.
“So what’s Dick done now?” Zach said, straddling the third chair, sipping his coffee. Zach made the best double shot mocha with whipped that she’d ever tasted.
Taylor rocked back and forth in her chair a few times, debating how much to say. How pitiful did she want to appear before the two most attractive men in the universe? Attractive, but probably gay, she reminded herself. And definitely not interested in her. It was inconceivable that they would be. She couldn’t even keep Dick’s—Chic’s—attention.
“Bastard,” she muttered again.
“Okay, now, you have to explain,” Mikhel drawled. It was more of a command than a request, his blue eyes not blinking as he stared her down.
“Okay, fine.” She dropped back in her chair. “Chic broke up with me.”
“Good,” Mikhel muttered.
“Bastard,” Zach added. “When?”
“Christmas Eve.” She sat up and played with her coffee cup. “By text message.”
“Bastard.” Both men said it that time and Taylor had to laugh. It was great to have supportive friends.
“It’s not really that big of a deal. I was going to break up with him anyway but I was going to wait until after the holidays. Then at least I’d have a date for New Year’s Eve.” Getting into her rant, she looked at the two men before her. “I mean, we have it all planned. Rebecca and I organized this big group of people to go to the New Year’s party at the Meriton. There’s like twenty of us. Rented rooms so we didn’t have to drive home. Now, five days before New Year’s, the event’s completely sold out and—” She held up her phone. “He sends me a text message asking if I’d give him my ticket so he and his date can use it.”
She tossed the phone back onto the table. “Whatever. He can have it. Bastard. It’s just I had the perfect dress.” She looked at the two men staring blankly at her and laughed. “Sorry. Guys don’t understand this. But it’s the perfect dress and if I don’t wear it New Year’s, I don’t know when I’ll get a chance to wear it.” She squished her lips together and glared at the tabletop. “And I won’t get my kiss.”
Both men sat up straight. Startled by the sudden movement, Taylor leaned away, feeling overpowered by the masculine energy that flowed out of them. All of it directed at her. Hmm, that was interesting. And all she’d done was mention a kiss. Her breath left her lungs in a rush as she reminded herself not to imagine things. Guys who looked like them dated each other or supermodels. Not brunette interior designers.
“What kiss?” Mikhel demanded, not looking away from her.
She grimaced, realizing that now she had to explain. “It’s nothing. Much. Well, okay, here it is. I don’t ask for much out of the holidays. A turkey at Thanksgiving, a tree at Christmas. All I expect out of New Year’s Eve besides a massive hangover is a kiss at midnight. Everybody should have a New Year’s kiss, right? Chic was my last best chance. Now I’ll be sitting at home watching Dick Clark. Alone.”
She laughed. There was no other response. God, she sounded pitiful. She shook her head and looked at Mikhel and Zach. “Don’t worry. I’m done feeling sorry for myself. And I’m a big girl. I can handle it.” She grabbed her purse, feeling the sudden need to get away from their intense stares. “I’d better get back to work. I have a client coming in at two.”
“Wait.” Zach placed his hand on her arm. “You should go to this party.”
He sounded so intent, so concerned that Taylor had to smile. That was sweet.
“Thanks, but this isn’t really something you go to stag.”
“I’ll take you.” Both men spoke in unison. Then looked at each other as if surprised the other had made the offer.
Her heart started racing in her chest. Chic just assumed she wouldn’t be using her ticket because he knew she couldn’t get a date. Wouldn’t he be surprised if she walked in with Mikhel? Or Zach? Either one would be a major step up from Chic.
It would be a pity date but at this point, she was willing to accept it. And not just because she wanted to show Chic she could get a date. It really was the perfect dress. And the thought of Zach or Mikhel being her New Year’s kiss? If that was a harbinger of the upcoming year, she was sure to win the lottery. But damn…
“Thanks for the offer—both of you,” she said, hearing her hormones whimper as the possibility of kissing one of these men was stripped away. “But the event’s sold out and I can’t ask Chic for his ticket. I won’t do that.”
“We can get a couple extra tickets,” Mikhel said quietly. Zach and Taylor looked over at him. Mikhel stared pointedly at Zach until the blond man smacked his palm against his forehead.
“It’s at the Meriton. Duh. Yes, we can get tickets,” Zach said like it was a done deal.
Taylor appreciated the offer. A date with Zach or Mikhel? On New Year’s Eve? She thought it through and, no, there was no downside to this.
“But who would I go with?”
“Do you have a preference?” That question was from Mikhel. The low, overly casual tone made her shiver. Like every time he spoke, it was delicious, sexual. Made her pussy clench, reminding her that even though she and Chic had been dating, it had been weeks since they’d slept together and probably months since she’d had a really good orgasm.
Mikhel raised his eyebrows, reminding her of his question. A preference. Dark and brooding or fun and gorgeous? All women should have such a choice.
“No,” she finally answered honestly.
“Okay,” Zach said with a wink and a smile. “We’ll arm wrestle for the right to take you. One of us will pick you up Friday night at—”
“Why don’t I just meet you there?” she interrupted, feeling the need to reclaim a little control. “It’s not like it’s a date, after all.”
“Fine. One of us will meet you in the lobby at seven-thirty.”
Taylor stood up and smiled. These guys were her friends and they were doing a really sweet thing by agreeing to take her. “Didn’t you already have plans for New Year’s?”
“No. Just sitting around watching each other drink.”
Mikhel stood up as well. “This will be much more…pleasurable.”
Goodness, was she actually hearing the sex in his voice? And was it intentional or just something that flowed out of him without conscious thought? “Sounds great.” She forced a smile. “And thanks.” Taylor slung her purse over her shoulder, grabbed her coffee and hurried to the door, trying to get out before she thought about the fact that they were watching her leave and did her butt look huge in these pants?
She started down the street and noticed that there was extra energy running through her body. It didn’t matter which guy she went with. Either way, she’d have one of the hottest dates there. And wouldn’t Chic be surprised?
She popped open her phone, hit number one on her speed dial and got Chic’s voice mail. “The ticket’s yours. I hope you have a wonderful night.”
* * * * *
Zach and Mikhel watched the door close behind her, waiting until she disappeared from sight before looking at each other.
“Any chance you’re going to bow out gracefully and just let me have her?”
Zach shook his head. “Not on your life.”
“I could just take her, you know.”
“You could try.” Zach sat back down and kicked his feet onto the chair beside him. “But since we’re not part of a pack and you’re not Alpha, I have just as much right to go after her as you do.”
Mikhel glared at his friend. It had been five years since he’d moved away from his father’s pack but there hadn’t been a real need to establish one of his own. What good would a pack of two be? Besides, he didn’t want to be responsible for a bunch of werewolves who couldn’t make decisions for themselves. If the past five years had taught him nothing else, it was that he was much better suited to living in the human world.
But now there was Taylor—suddenly available—and Mikhel wanted her.
The wolf growled low in his throat, sending a warning out to any males in the area. Zach’s eyes flashed red and his lips pulled back in an instinctive snarl.
Mikhel heard the animal’s challenge at the same moment Zach seemed to recognize the sound. Both men pulled back, taking a couple seconds to shake off the intensity.
Zach sat back and shook his hair away from his face. “This is bad timing.”
The moon was waxing and would be full on New Year’s Day. As they got closer to the full moon, their wolves got stronger. The animals’ urges became more powerful and the ability for the human side to remain in control weakened. Unlike the werewolves of horror movies, they didn’t have to change at the full moon. That was merely the time when the line between human and animal thinned. It took strength and focus to keep the animal in check.
The added complication of a potential mate made things a bit more risky. And it was a woman they both wanted.
Hell. It was going to take more than an arm wrestling match to decide who got Taylor.
* * * * *
Taylor paid the cab and took a deep breath. Her heart had been pounding for the last five minutes of the drive. And off and on for the past five days. When her friends had asked her about her plans for New Year’s Eve, she’d kept it very vague. One, because she wasn’t sure Mikhel really could get tickets and two, she wasn’t sure who her date would be. She smoothed the front of her coat and started up the stairs. The doorman greeted her with a bow as he opened the massive door for her.
She stepped inside and immediately saw Zach, standing amid the tan and black couches, scanning the lobby. He looked incredible in his tux, confident and sexy as he monitored the room. A strange mixture of excitement and disappointment fluttered through her chest, leaving her more confused than ever. Had she wanted it to be Mikhel? Or would she have felt the same disappointment?
She forced herself to exhale slowly. It didn’t matter. She’d have a fun evening. Zach was gorgeous and great company.
Not that you have a chance with either one of them, she reminded herself. Mikhel is probably waiting at home for him.
Zach saw her and raised his chin in greeting. She waved back but the motion froze as Mikhel pushed himself out of one of the plush couches and stood beside Zach.
“Hi.” She didn’t bother to hide her confusion. Were they expecting her to make a choice? Now? Oh she didn’t want to do that.
“Hi.”
Mikhel just nodded his head.
Zach started speaking, answering her question before she could ask it.
“Well, here’s the deal. We couldn’t decide who would get to bring you tonight. And since you didn’t seem to have a clear preference…” He let it trail away, inspiring Taylor to answer. She shook her head and he continued. “We decided that we’d both escort you.”
Both? She could have both of them? Well, she wouldn’t actually be having them. Just eating dinner, maybe dancing…ooh, dancing. The thought of either of their strong masculine bodies pressed against her… Her palms started to sweat and drat, she couldn’t exactly wipe them on her dress. It would crush the silk.
“Is that all right?” Mikhel asked and she realized they were waiting for some sort of reaction from her.
“O-of course. That’s great. It will be fun.”
“Fun, right,” Mikhel muttered and she had the distinct impression that neither man was thrilled with the situation but hey, it hadn’t been her idea. And she was going to have the two sexiest escorts there.
“Let me just get rid of my coat.” She walked toward the coat check, aware that her “dates” followed her. She took off the fake fur and handed it across the counter.
“Holy God.” Mikhel’s harsh words rang through the hotel lobby, causing the coat check girl to jump. Taylor froze then slowly turned, looking at Mikhel and Zach. They both stared at her, their eyes locked on her body. Zach’s lips were open, like he couldn’t quite get enough oxygen.
But it was Mikhel’s reaction that stunned her. Heat seemed to surround him and that warmth was stretching out and enveloping her, leaving her breathless.
Goodness, she’d stopped them in their tracks. Perfect. Just the reaction she’d been looking for.
Feeling feminine and sexy, she smiled. “Like it?” she asked, doing a slow twirl, loving the feel of the material floating around her. The skirt was made up of four layers of silk, opening to the front so when she walked, the inside colors were revealed, along with a hint of leg. The top was truly sexy. The front dipped low, revealing a good amount of her full breasts and giving her a wicked cleavage. But the back was what made the dress so special. It was completely cut out from the tops of her shoulders to the curve of her ass. It felt deliciously sexy and wicked.
“It’s gorgeous,” Zach said.
“Take it off,” Mikhel commanded, so low that Taylor quickly decided she’d misheard him.
“I’m sorry?”
Mikhel shook his head and took a deep breath. “It’s great.”
“I told you it was the perfect dress.”
“I think it’s more the woman inside the dress that makes it that way,” Zach said. Taylor’s smile widened and Mikhel barely crushed a snarl. If Zach kept flirting with her, Mikhel was going to— Hell, he didn’t know what he was going to do.
They’d talked long and hard for the past four days, each trying to convince the other to relinquish his claim on Taylor, but neither had given in. No way was Mikhel backing down on this one. Not until Taylor herself made a choice.
If they’d been in-pack, Mikhel could have ordered Zach to stay away but since he’d never formally established a pack, Zach was right. He had as much right to pursue Taylor as Mikhel did.
Mikhel was starting to regret his decision to stay independent. If he’d established the pack, he’d have full claim to Taylor. It would be his right to strip that gown off her body and fuck her, service her in any way that pleased him. He’d make sure it pleased her as well.
She stepped closer and Mikhel caught a whiff of her subtle perfume. He glanced at Zach and knew he was smelling it too. The soft floral scent with an underlying hint of arousal. But which one of them was inspiring the low sexual buzz that sizzled through her body?
Zach held his arm out, crooking his elbow toward Taylor. Mikhel felt his temples throb. Zach was certainly the man for this kind of event. He knew how to wear a tux and looked elegant in the black suit. Mikhel knew no matter what he wore, he still looked like a mutt washed and dressed for a show. He didn’t fit in these clothes. He was much more suited to jeans and a sweater.
Or being naked. Naked and riding between Taylor’s soft thighs. His cock twitched inside his shorts and Mikhel grunted. It was going to be a hell of a long night. The waxing moon multiplied his wolf’s hunger as well as his strength. Taylor’s lush scent was going to keep his wolf on edge and his cock hard all night.
Taylor’s presence had had this effect on him since the moment he’d met her. But he hadn’t made a move in the last six months, denying his wolf what it wanted. Taylor had been dating Dick and Mikhel’s attempt to live in the human world dictated he not poach on another man’s prey. But now she was free and oh-so tempting.
A dangerous spark shot up his spine as Taylor smiled and curled her fingers around Zach’s arm. Mikhel felt his teeth stretching. His body was reacting, preparing to rip her out of Zach’s hands. Then she turned and looked at him, waiting. Keeping his lips closed, he urged the wolf into retreat, digging down deep for the needed control. He forced a smile and raised his arm, offering her his elbow as well. Might as well keep up the pretense of the night.
Her skirt brushed against their legs as they walked down the long open hall toward the ballroom. She hadn’t been kidding about the dress. It was perfect for her. The front had a shallow plunging neckline, not baring near enough skin for Mikhel’s taste, but the back…the back was completely gone. Two thin straps were all that held the sides together and Mikhel knew that with one good swipe of his claws, he could snap those strings and the front of the dress would fall away. And he’d have access to those perfect breasts. Damn, he glanced at her as they walked. He didn’t realize how much her work clothes hid her body. She had a pair of delightfully full breasts that she’d been hiding from him. He’d have to punish her for that. Gentle bites to her nipples would probably work, harshly kind nibbles that would remind her long afterward that her body belonged to him.
The wolf growled his approval at the direction of Mikhel’s thoughts. The animal’s power surged through him. Thankful for the long tuxedo jacket that covered his erection, he tabled his plans for getting her naked. At least for now. He had to court her first, somehow convince her to choose him over Zach.
She smiled up at Mikhel but then her lips flattened out and her brow wrinkled. “Are you limping?”
Mikhel silently cursed. He’d forgotten about his ankle.
“I hurt my ankle.” God. That sounded so wimpy, like he’d stepped off the curb wrong. Not that it had gotten caught in some hunter’s trap but that wasn’t something he could explain to Taylor. At least not yet. “I’ll be fine.”
“Let’s get seated and get that elevated.” She sounded so concerned that Mikhel couldn’t resist looking around her back at Zach. Zach rolled his eyes and shook his head. Whatever, Mikhel thought. He wasn’t above using any means necessary to get the female.




Chapter Two

Excitement shimmered in Taylor’s chest as they stepped inside the ballroom. Silver and purple stars glittered on the ceiling. Metallic streamers hung along the walls. It was beautiful. Magical.
“Good evening, Mikhel, Zach.” A woman approached with a welcoming smile and a low bow of her head. The name tag pinned to her chest identified her as the catering manager. “Do you know where you’re seated?”
It was a formal event with assigned tables. The actual party was a fundraiser for the local food bank so Taylor had been happy to pay the outrageous price for the tickets.
“Yes, we do,” Zach answered for all of them. He took the lead, dropping her fingers from his elbow to his hand. Mikhel released her as they wove between the tables and across the dance floor. Taylor looked around, trying to take it all in.
A body popped up from a far table and Taylor immediately recognized it—Rebecca. Her best friend and the other person responsible for gathering all their friends tonight. Rebecca bolted from her table and hurried over, her long silver gown flowing behind her.
“God, you look gorgeous,” she said as she got near. Then she looked at Zach. “You too.” Zach smiled and bowed his head in thanks. Dismissing Zach—Rebecca tended to dismiss most men—she turned back to Taylor. “I am so glad you’re here. Where are you sitting? We’re all over there.” She pointed to the back of the room.
“We’re near you,” Zach answered when Taylor shrugged.
Taylor was admiring Rebecca’s dress when Mikhel came up behind her. She immediately recognized his scent and the power of his body. His placed his hand on her hip, his thumb brushing against her bare back. The subtle caress was so warm Taylor felt the distinct urge to lean back against him to see if his whole body was that hot. God, what would it be like to be cuddled in bed with him? Or under him? He’d definitely keep her warm this winter.
“Are you going to introduce me?” Rebecca prompted and Taylor blinked, her mind a little slow to react.
“Oh sorry. Yes, this is Zach Courtland and this is Mikhel Haverstam. This is my friend Rebecca Rhodes.”
“How do you do?” Zach said with another gallant bow.
“I’m great.” Rebecca looked around. “Are you missing someone?” she asked, obviously expecting a fourth to their party.
“No.” Mikhel nodded to Zach, silently telling him to move. “Why don’t we find our table,” he suggested. 
Trapped in the delicious trance created by Mikhel’s seductive touch, Taylor could only nod and follow Zach as he walked away. Mikhel stayed with her, his hand resting against her hip, guiding her across the room. The light touch seemed oddly intimate, possessive. Like he was staking his claim in front of her friends.
Trying to dismiss the strange thought from her head, she concentrated on following Zach, gasping when he stopped. Their table was in the perfect position. Right near the front, close enough to the corner that people wouldn’t be wandering by all night but still near the dance floor.
It was prime seating. And where most of the tables had ten people seated at them, making it a little cramped, their table had only eight place settings.
“How did you guys get these tickets?” she finally asked. “And this table?”
The edge of Zach’s mouth kicked up and he shrugged. “We own the hotel.”
“What?”
“Well, Mikhel owns controlling interest but I’ve got a chunk of it as well.”
“Wow.”
Zach laughed. “Yeah, that’s what we say sometimes too.”
“But you don’t work here?”
Mikhel shook his head, leaving it to Zach to explain. “Our families willed us this hotel and some land to the north but neither of us is really interested in hotel management. We like a more hands-on approach to business.”
Zach looked at Taylor, his eyes twinkling with a mischief. The edges of Mikhel’s lips tightened in response. Oops. Mikhel didn’t like Zach flirting with her. But was that because he wanted her for himself? Or because he wanted Zach? Taylor dismissed the questions in her mind. It was New Year’s Eve. She was going to drink, dance and enjoy her men. Hmm. Her men. That had a nice ring to it.
They claimed their seats—in the corner so they could see the whole ballroom—and were immediately inundated with Taylor’s friends, most of them female, most of them wanting to meet Zach and Mikhel. Taylor did her best to ignore the questioning looks and teasing smiles. She wasn’t about to explain it was a pity date. She was just going to enjoy the night and Zach and Mikhel’s company.
Rebecca came over and sat down at the table, joining in the conversation, directing her attention to Zach and Mikhel. But unlike Taylor’s other friends, Rebecca wasn’t there to flirt, she was there to interrogate. It warmed Taylor’s heart to see her friend’s rabid curiosity. She knew it was because Rebecca was worried. Of course Rebecca, being the woman she was, didn’t do subtle.
“So, are you both gainfully employed?” When they admitted they were, her eyes squinted into a suspicious glare. “How did you meet Taylor?”
Zach smiled and recounted the story of how she came to Mikhel’s computer shop for help and stopped by his place for coffee.
“And how do you two know each other?” And so the questions went. It was fascinating to watch. Mikhel only answered if the question was directed specifically to him and then he avoided giving details. Zach’s response was to laugh and joke though he gave only surface answers as well. He seemed more amused than irritated by her interrogation.
Taylor felt like she was getting a small view of how these two men handled the world. Zach laughed at it. Mikhel stared it down and dared it to contradict him.
“I need to go to the ladies room.” Rebecca stood up. She was precisely put together as she always was, having an innate style that just made Taylor want to scream sometimes. “Wanna come?” The stare she directed at Taylor and the firmness of her voice didn’t really allow Taylor much choice. She could refuse but then Rebecca would sit there and stare at her.
Rebecca wanted a private, female conversation.
“Sure, I need to freshen my lipstick.” She didn’t. She was wearing the all day, all night stuff. But it would give Rebecca a chance to grill her. She grabbed her sparkly purse. Mikhel and Zach both stood when she did, her chair was pulled back, giving her quick access to the aisle. “Thanks.”
Both men stared at her—intention and heat in their eyes—and Taylor felt a long slow melting of her insides. Mikhel’s body had grown tense, like he was considering grabbing her. She placed her fingertips on his arm. “I’ll be right back.”
The statement didn’t really ease him but he nodded brusquely, like he’d give her permission. This time.
She laughed to herself as she followed Rebecca out of the ballroom. Right. Mikhel getting protective and possessive about her. That was a joke. She had to remind herself that they were just friends and they were doing her a favor by coming here tonight.
Taylor stepped out of the ballroom and Rebecca grabbed her arm, pulling her to the side.
“So?” she demanded.
“So?” Taylor answered back, feeling a little snotty.
“What’s with the two hunks?”
“My dates.”
“I know. Where? When? How? I mean, they are definitely a step up from Chic but…”
“Did no one like him?”
Rebecca rolled her eyes. “He’s fine. He’s just dull as dishwater. But these guys—” She tipped her head toward the ballroom. “They look like they want to eat you alive and use the bones for soup.”
Taylor drew back and stuck out her tongue. “Eww. Nice analogy.”
“It’s the truth. Especially the dark-haired one. I would not want to get between him and a piece of raw meat.”
Taylor laughed. Sure she’d recognized the power in Mikhel and Zach but she’d never felt threatened by it. “Don’t worry. They’re just friends,” she said though she hated to confess. She’d enjoyed the prestige of being the woman with two hot dates. “After Chic bailed on me, they didn’t want me sitting home alone.” She squeezed Rebecca’s hand, trying to soothe her friend’s obvious concern. “I’m sure at the end of the night, I’ll get a peck on the cheek from each of them and I’ll be put in a cab and sent home. No being eaten alive.” Too bad.
Rebecca nodded but she didn’t look like she believed Taylor. “You have your cell with you?”
Taylor held up her purse. “Right here.”
“Good. Call me if anything weird happens. And call me in the morning. Or better yet, come back for brunch. Jesse and I are doing the hotel brunch thing as part of the room package.” She winked. “Then we can talk about everyone and how drunk they got.”
“I will be there.”
That seemed to comfort Rebecca a little bit.
“Come on. I have a feeling I’d better get you back to your dates before they start prowling the halls in search of you.”
“I can’t see either of them ‘prowling’ and besides, now I really do have to go to the bathroom.”
* * * * *
Taylor got back to her table just as they called for everyone to sit down for dinner.
Mikhel held out her chair and she sat down. Zach plucked her napkin off the table and draped it across her lap, his fingers brushing against her thigh. That drew a glare from Mikhel and for a moment she thought she heard an animal growl.
All three froze in position, then slowly Zach lifted his hand and the spell broke. Taylor relaxed, at least somewhat. Maybe there was some kind of jealousy, competition thing going on between Zach and Mikhel.
Dinner arrived, giving her something to think about besides the strange tension that had briefly invaded their group. The meal was delicious, as she’d expected it to be. Mikhel and Zach’s meals were different from everyone else’s. Instead of the delicately flavored chicken, they had steak, rare steak. Zach offered her a taste but she declined. He laughed when she said she didn’t like her food still mooing.
By the time dessert was cleared away and the band started playing, her head was buzzing from several glasses of good wine and the sensual energy given off by her dates. She didn’t know if they even intended to do it but damn, just being seated between them, she was flushed and tense. Her legs were squeezed tight together, trying to ease some of the sexual ache that had built.
As they talked, she glanced at both men, watching their mouths, thinking about how their lips would feel on hers, on her body, between her legs. And her lips on them.
A lull in the conversation gave her mind a chance to create a delicious fantasy. Zach licking her, long and strong between her legs. His sexual lips feasting on her pussy. And Mikhel…Mikhel would be in her mouth, thick and hard, his hands holding her head as he slowly pumped his cock between her lips. A hollow ache filled her stomach and she tried to force the dream away. What was she thinking? Admittedly her fantasies had included both men but individually. Never together. Until now her fantasies had been decidedly vanilla. But tonight a whole realm of possibilities presented themselves.
“Would you care to dance?” Zach’s question interrupted her dip into dream world and she looked up, momentarily distracted.
Dance with Zach. Her heated body warmed even more at the idea. Her nipples tingled, pressing against the slick lining of her gown and it was all she could do not to groan. Instead she swallowed deeply and nodded.
“I’d love to.” If this was the only chance she was going to have to put her body against his, she was going to take it. She stood and looked at Mikhel, feeling like she was abandoning him. “If you…”
He tapped his knee. Drat, she’d forgotten about his ankle. “No dancing for me tonight but you go with Zach. I’ll be here waiting.”
Feeling strangely like he’d just given her permission to dance, she accepted Zach’s hand and let him guide her onto the dance floor.
Zach was a great dancer, his body instinctively moving to the slow sensuous beat of the music. They talked and danced until the song ended. The beat sped up on the next number but Zach didn’t seem inclined to stay. He led her back to the table and into her chair.
“I’ll be back,” he said, nodding to Mikhel and walking away.
“Having fun?”
“Yes.” Taylor smiled up at Mikhel and felt the air around them change. He was watching her with those wicked eyes. So blue they often looked like ice but tonight they seemed to burn. She even had the fanciful notion that they flashed red. “Thank you again for arranging this.”
“Better than Dick Clark?” Mikhel curled a finger around a strand of her hair that had escaped the up-do she’d chosen. He wasn’t actually touching her but she felt the caress across her skin. She took a deep breath—pleased to see his eyes dip down to her cleavage—and tried to focus on answering him.
“Much better.” She’d meant the words to come out teasing but the strange breathlessness was making it difficult to speak without sounding seductive. And all he’d done was look at her and touch her hair. What would happen if he actually put his hand on her body?
They fell into a low, easy conversation that ended when the music changed and Zach appeared.
“Shall we dance?”
And so it went. One song with Zach on the dance floor, the next with Mikhel at the table. It didn’t take her long to pick up the pattern.
Or notice that the songs she danced with Zach were slow and seductive, music that just called for two bodies to rub against each other. Each song he moved her subtly closer until the dance turned into a slow moving embrace.
And Mikhel was drawing her closer as well. Each time Zach returned her to the table, her chair had moved, nearer to Mikhel, a little deeper into the shadows, until they were almost cut off from the rest of the room. They still talked but the conversations felt intent and sexual. He’d progressed from the light touch to her hair to stroking her arm and the back of her hand. The almost shy caresses were a complete contradiction to the power she felt around him. Like he was holding himself back. Or stalking her, seducing her before he pounced.
Mikhel and Zach. Her mind swirled with the possibilities. It was like they both wanted her. Like they were “courting” her. It was such a strangely archaic word but it seemed to fit. Zach was fun, intent on teasing her, making her laugh.
Mikhel was dark and serious, talking to her in that low sexual voice that made her want to crawl into his lap to be held.
And her body reacted to both men. Her skin tingled, her pussy twitched with the undeniable need to be filled. She licked her lips, suddenly desperate for the taste of one of them.
“I believe this is my dance.” Zach appeared beside her chair and offered his hand. Though his reluctance was obvious, Mikhel sat back, withdrawing a bit to give her room to leave.
On the dance floor, Zach eased her into his arms. Bodies swayed around them, the slow, dreamy music perfect for lovers. He pulled her close, his hands resting at the top of her butt, his palms warm against her naked back.
“God, you feel good,” he whispered, his lips against her ear. He rubbed his hands up her back and pressed her even closer. She didn’t resist, wanting to feel him, her nipples aching with the need for more pressure. Her hips swayed with his, making brushing contacts with his erection. The light touches sent shivers down her spine. Ooh, she wanted more of that. As if he heard her, his hands tightened on her hips and he slowed their bodies, pulling her up against him until his cock snuggled into the V of her thighs.
Breathless, she lifted her eyes. The same wicked red she thought she’d seen in Mikhel’s gaze was there…and then it was gone. But the heat lingered and Taylor wanted to feel it, feel those lips on her body.
Slowly Zach bent down and placed his lips on hers. The first kiss was light and gentle, teasing her with the promise of his mouth. Every oral fantasy she’d had about Zach came rushing back as he flicked his tongue across her upper lip, subtly tasting her and asking for entrance. She opened her mouth, wanting to feel him, taste him. And he was there, easing his tongue between her lips, still slow, more exploring than conquering, as if he didn’t want to miss one bit of the experience. God, she’d never felt more savored in her life.
His hand slid up her back, cupping her neck as he turned her, opening her for a deep caress. Their tongues twisted together as he slowly pulsed his hips against hers, subtly moving his cock along her slit. Oh it felt so good. And she wanted more.
In the far distance, she heard the music change and moaned, knowing Zach would pull back.
With a final stroke of his tongue, he did just that. Taylor gasped, missing the feel of his mouth on hers, wanting more.
“The song’s over. I have to take you back.”
The reminder that Mikhel was waiting for them jolted her out of the pre-orgasmic stupor that just one of Zach’s kisses could cause. Goodness, what would it be like if he made love to her?
With Zach’s hand on her back, he nudged her toward the edge of the dance floor.
“Hmm, he’s pissed,” he said softly.
Taylor glanced at Mikhel and saw what Zach saw. Mikhel hadn’t moved and he wasn’t watching them. But one finger was tapping a hard pounding rhythm on the table.
“Why?” she asked though she knew the answer.
“Because I got to taste you first.”




Chapter Three

Triumph rang through Zach’s statement, confusing Taylor all the more. But then he looked down at her and there was only kindness and lust in his eyes. “It’ll be okay,” he promised though she wasn’t quite sure what he was talking about. “Come on. We don’t want him to get more upset.” She couldn’t decide if Zach was pleased or irritated by Mikhel’s reaction.
But he hurried her back, leaving her near the table. She noticed he didn’t walk her all the way to her chair, almost as if he knew it was dangerous to get too close to Mikhel.
She walked the last few feet alone, her knees wobbling as she sat down. Mikhel was upset but she didn’t feel in danger. She felt excited. The kiss with Zach had been wonderful and sexual.
Now, sitting beside Mikhel, she looked at the tight, powerful shape of his body and knew he was barely containing all that energy. The anger at seeing Zach kiss her had brought it to the surface. It was all there waiting for her to release.
The sexual feeling Zach had started increased. Just looking at Mikhel, his stern face and the flat line of his mouth made her want to lean over and kiss him, tell him she wanted him. She had the strangest desire to crawl on top of him and apologize for letting Zach touch her first. There was no way she could apologize for kissing Zach. It had been too delicious.
And she wanted more. She wanted Mikhel. Where Zach was subtle and skilled—Mikhel was energy and strength.
But she didn’t know what to do. What to say.
She sat, silently waiting. After a full minute of tension, Mikhel turned to look at her. The fire in his eyes made her lean back. A low growl rumbled from his chest, as if warning her not to pull away from him. She gulped and sat forward, moving closer to him. Some of the tension eased from his body as her shoulder brushed his.
“Did you enjoy him?”
Her pussy fluttered at Mikhel’s harsh question and she looked up at him, immediately captured by his gaze.
“What?”
“Did you enjoy his mouth on yours? His taste?”
She swallowed, not sure how to answer. She wanted to look away but the compulsion to stay was too strong.
“Yes,” she finally replied. She had to. Zach’s mouth had felt wonderful against hers, soft and sensual. Seductive. She licked her lips and stared at Mikhel’s mouth. Where Zach had been tempting, Mikhel would command, conquer. And heaven help her, she wanted that too. Wanted to feel that power. She blushed, just thinking about it. What was happening to her?
Gathering her courage, she watched Mikhel to see how her answer had affected him. His lips were tight and his nostrils flaring, like an animal warning others to stay away from his kill. Part of her reacted to the innate threat but she knew he would never hurt her. He wanted her.
She leaned forward and placed her mouth against his, needing to soothe the wounded animal inside. His lips remained passive for only a moment and then he kissed her, slow and sensual, tightly restrained power as he turned his head and molded their lips together. Needing to offer herself to him, Taylor opened her mouth, using her tongue much the way Zach had to tempt Mikhel to come inside her.
She opened her eyes and saw him watching her, the heat from his stare almost turning his eyes red. He opened his mouth and plunged his tongue between her lips. She groaned. This was it—that barely masked power she’d sensed in him. She sucked on his tongue, savoring his groan, thrilled that she’d pleased him. But he wouldn’t let her lead for long. He seized control of the kiss and Taylor had no choice but to accept the powerful, commanding strokes. His masculine taste—and a lingering hint of chocolate mousse—overwhelmed her and she wanted more. Wanted to drown in the delicious flavor.
Heat crept up her thigh and Taylor moaned. Her sensation-clouded brain recognized Mikhel’s hand on her thigh, beneath her skirt and moving higher. The fact that they were in public, tongue kissing and with his hand under her dress tried to insinuate itself in her brain but she couldn’t resist his touch. God, if he stripped the dress off her completely and fucked her on the floor she would have let him. That thought alone pulled her back from the kiss.
“Mikhel—”
“No one can see us and you owe me this.”
For letting Zach kiss her. She shivered at the banked anger in his words. Mikhel stayed near but didn’t kiss her. He watched her. Watched as he moved his hand farther up her leg. Feminine instinct urged her to squeeze her legs shut—to block out the intruder—but something more powerful came through her body and she eased her knees apart, granting him the access.
“Very good.” His compliment sent a rush of moisture through her pussy. God, that voice. He could probably talk her to orgasm. His fingers skimmed up the inside of her thigh, his hand completely hidden beneath the flowing material of her skirt. He stroked a single digit up the centerline of her panties and Taylor couldn’t hide her gasp. She looked around to see if anyone had noticed. The rest of the world was focused elsewhere.
“No one is watching us.” He eased closer, putting his other arm around her back. Taylor moved with him, letting her shoulder rest against his chest. “That’s it, baby. Now lift up. Let me have these.” He hooked his finger into the crotch of her underwear and tugged. Her body seemed to be his to command. Using the chair and his shoulder as support, she lifted her butt. Mikhel pulled and the silky material slid away, leaving her naked. “Good girl.” His words were a tickling caress to her clit. “Now, let me touch you.”
Trying to look casual in case anyone was watching, Taylor kept her legs open as Mikhel eased his hand back between her thighs. “That’s it, baby. Let me in.” His fingers traced the crease between her thigh and her sex, moving higher, teasing her pussy lips with seductive caresses. So tempting but not quite enough. “So hot. Did dancing with Zach make you hot?”
“Yes.”
“You like the feel of his body against yours?” His finger pushed deeper, sliding through her slit and teasing the opening to her pussy. “Tell me.”
Taylor couldn’t resist the command in his voice. “Yes.”
“But I’m going to be the one who fucks you.”
As he spoke, he pushed his finger into her cunt, suppressing a groan as the tight walls closed around him. Her eyes widened and Mikhel knew he was pushing too hard, possibly scaring her away, but he couldn’t stop. Something drove him on. He pumped his finger inside her as he placed his mouth on hers. Slow, go slow. The wolf inside him howled its displeasure. With the full moon so close, the animal was strong and hungry. It sensed the power that flowed through Mikhel’s veins and wanted the female.
The music changed and from the corner of his eye, he saw Zach approach. Mikhel’s lips pulled back in an instinctive snarl, protecting what belonged to him. Zach stayed back, no doubt seeing how close Mikhel was to losing control.
It was time to let Zach have her.
But the wolf wouldn’t let him.
Mikhel stared at Zach, daring him to interrupt, knowing he could see Mikhel’s hand under Taylor’s dress. Between her legs. He slid his thumb across her clit, loving the breathless gasp as he stroked her. He pumped his finger inside her cunt, wanting Zach to see that his finger was fucking this pussy they both wanted. “You’re so tight, baby,” he whispered, dismissing Zach and placing a biting kiss on her lips. “You need to be fucked good and hard.”
Taylor’s eyelids fluttered and he knew he’d shocked her. Wait until I slide into you, baby. Then you’ll know what I mean.
“My dance,” Zach said, his voice cold and brusque. Mikhel didn’t move. Every animal instinct in him demanded that he crush Zach, remove the threat to his female, but a quick look into Taylor’s eyes brought him down. She was hungry for what he could give her but there was a hint of fear as well.
“Sorry, baby,” Mikhel whispered. “Next time.” Regretfully, but feeling the draw of the human convention, Mikhel eased his hand from beneath her skirt. The scent of her pussy wafted through the air as he bared his fingers. Zach’s body tensed and he growled. The wolf inside Mikhel rose to the challenge, snarling inside his mind. He was Alpha. He was the leader and if he wanted the female, he would take her.
Mikhel stared at his friend, sensing Zach’s wolf just below the surface. This was dangerous. The two animals were clamoring for control. Clamoring for the same woman. With the moon almost at full strength.
Mikhel reeled in his wolf and nodded, giving his challenger permission to continue his suit.
Zach held out his hand but Taylor shook her head and jumped out of her seat, backing away from both men.
“I need a break. I need to run to the ladies room.” Before either could protest, she turned and fled—looking a little unstable as she ran from the room.
Mikhel looked down and saw the blue shimmering fabric of her panties and snatched them up, sliding the silky material into his pocket while Zach was still staring after Taylor’s retreating figure.
Zach watched for a moment longer then dropped into Taylor’s chair. He sat quietly before he finally faced Mikhel. They’d been friends too long to let something like this come between them. But fuck, Mikhel wanted her. So did Zach.
How the hell were they going to sort this out?
“Flip a coin?” Zach asked as if he could read his mind.
Mikhel shook his head. No way was he leaving this up to fate. He’d challenge Zach before he let that happen.
“So what do we do? Let her choose?”
Mikhel stared at the crowd. This was so screwed. He was going to either lose the woman he wanted or his best friend.
“We could both give her up.”
Mikhel looked at Zach, knowing his friend would recognize the “are you insane” look in his eyes.
“Okay, not likely. We have to figure out something—” Zach’s voice faded as they both picked up on a conversation, just out of human hearing range. Two females.
“What are you doing?” the first asked, her voice tight and hissy.
“I just want to get a better look. They are sooo delicious.”
“And they’re here with Taylor.”
“Yeah but one’s got to be going home alone. It’s not like they can share her.”
Zach’s head snapped toward Mikhel. Mikhel looked at Zach. Was it possible? Could they do it? Would their wolves allow it?
They moved in sync as they rose to their feet, walking away just as the two women approached, both males looking for their female.
* * * * *
Taylor walked back into the ballroom, acutely aware that she wasn’t wearing any panties. Mikhel had taken them off her. She’d let him take off her panties. And he’d touched her. His fingers had stroked her pussy like it was a treat, a special place. Taking her close but not quite to orgasm with a few light caresses.
And that had been after Zach had kissed her. She’d sucked on his tongue like it was a lollypop and moments later she’d let Mikhel put his hand under her dress.
What the hell was wrong with her? When had she turned into a slut? Toward the end of their relationship, she’d barely tolerated sex with Chic, now it was like her body was humming, wanting to spread her legs for the first available man. No, not any man.
Mikhel.
And Zach.
Great. She wasn’t a total slut. She just wanted two men.
The New Year was not starting the way she’d hoped.
But the previous year was seconds away from being over. At midnight, the room would start to clear and she could slip away. Find a taxi and go home. Maybe it was time to try her vibrator again. She’d never much cared for it. The rapid little pulses had been too much for her pussy but tonight she needed something. Yeah, that was it. A short, exciting orgasm to start the New Year.
She approached the table and saw her “dates”. Both men stared at her, watched her.
For much of the night, she’d felt torn, pulled in different directions, but now, they both reached out their hands.
“It’s almost the New Year,” Zach said, snagging her fingers and guiding her between them. She smiled as Zach put his arm around her shoulders, the tension dissipating with his laughter. Something had changed while she was gone but she couldn’t decide what. Maybe it had all been a trick of her mind. No, she’d never have come up with a scenario as sexy as this one. And it wouldn’t explain the loss of her underwear.
Mikhel placed a glass of champagne in her hand. He turned away and returned, giving a glass to Zach, tapping his flute against Zach’s, as if they’d made some sort of agreement.
“Ready for a new adventure?” Mikhel asked, his arm sliding around her waist. She nodded and gripped her champagne flute. Zach’s hand crisscrossed behind them, holding her against his body as well.
“10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1…Happy New Year!”
They all shouted the words and raised their glasses. Taylor took a sip of champagne and turned instinctively to Mikhel. Dammit, she was getting her New Year’s kiss.
“Happy New Year,” he whispered a second before his lips covered hers. There was no mistaking the intention of his kiss. He cupped his hand behind her head and held her in place as he slid his tongue into her mouth, tasting and conquering. This was a sexual kiss and the sensation sank into her pussy, making the need to come even worse.
Mikhel slowly eased his mouth away, his eyes glowing as he looked down at her wet lips. Her heart pounded in her ears, blocking out the sounds of the room.
Hands cupped her hips, her body was turned and Zach was there. “Happy New Year.” He placed his mouth against hers, a light caress, as if he waited to see if she would accept him. She opened her lips and couldn’t resist easing her tongue forward, tasting him. He welcomed the caress and wrapped his tongue around hers. His touch was so different from Mikhel’s, gentle and teasing. As she entwined her tongue with his, she felt Mikhel’s mouth on her neck, a sharp sensual bite against her skin. The sensation rippled through her body and settled her in her clit.
She snapped her head back. The sounds from the room overwhelmed her. Cheers and shouts, the band playing “Auld Lang Syne”.
Still lost in their kisses, her body hummed with the need to feel more.
“Let’s get out of here.” Mikhel’s command resonated in her core. He snagged the champagne bottle off the table and grabbed her hand. Zach took possession of her other hand and followed them out of the room.
Mikhel didn’t stop, heading directly toward the elevator. The little bell announcing the car had arrived was a strange music that filled the air.
They stepped onboard and Mikhel hit the button for the penthouse. Before Taylor could ask what was happening, her back was against the wall and Mikhel was in front of her. His mouth kissing, licking, biting her neck. The strong warmth of his body pressed against her and she instinctively opened her thighs. His leg slid between hers, pressing against her clit.
God, it was delicious. Each stroke of his tongue and teeth was pleasure and pain. She arched her back, needing more.
Zach snagged the bottle out of Mikhel’s hand and raised it to his mouth. He swallowed the bubbly liquid. Taylor watched his throat. Wanting to drag her teeth across those tight muscles. He poured more into his mouth and then turned to her. Mikhel’s mouth worked her throat, marking her skin, making her ache deep inside. She stretched up, welcoming Zach’s kiss. He opened his mouth and released a warm stream of champagne between her lips. She swallowed and accepted his kiss.
Heat once again swept up her leg. Mikhel’s hand on her skin, her thigh, between her legs, his palm covering her pussy like he was claiming it.
“That’s it, baby,” he whispered, his lips pressing against her ear. “I want inside this sweet, tight cunt.”
Taylor gasped. No one had ever talked to her like that, using that word. It vibrated through her flesh.
The “ping” as the elevator opened shocked all of them. Mikhel and Zach whipped around, placing her behind them, like they perceived some threat.
It took only a moment for them both to realize they’d reached their destination. The two men looked at each other and nodded.
Mikhel turned and offered Taylor his hand. She looked at both men. She’d known them for six months but now something was different. There was an energy flowing around them, between them, that she didn’t understand.
But her body moved without direct command from her mind. She placed her hand in Mikhel’s palm and let herself be led into the penthouse suite.
Zach followed behind them, the champagne bottle in his hand.
Taylor glanced over her shoulder to look at him, somehow feeling safer with him. Not that she thought Mikhel would hurt her but there was something powerful about him. Dangerous. Haunting, almost.
Zach was a friend. A very sexy friend with a wicked tongue. A new flush of warmth spread into her sex. What the hell was going on? She thought about the last time she’d made love with Chic. It had taken a long time, hours of mental preparation, before she’d even been ready to let him fuck her. And then there hadn’t been enough left over for her orgasm. He’d tried. She had to give him that. He’d really tried but eventually she’d faked it, giving him the satisfaction that she’d come.
God, how long ago had that been? Weeks. It had to be weeks. Despite the fact that they’d just broken up on Christmas Eve, they hadn’t slept together for three weeks before. Probably because of her poor acting ability, she decided as she followed Mikhel into the suite.
It was difficult to contain her gasp. The room was gorgeous, almost bigger than her whole house. A sunken seating area provided a perfect view of the city skyline. She looked around, feeling a little unstable in the dense carpet beneath her feet. A door stood to the right and Taylor knew it was the door to the bedroom.
Bedroom. Damn, what was she supposed to do now? It wasn’t like she didn’t want to sleep with one of them…but which one? They were both great. Different but still incredibly attractive in their own right.
Zach or Mikhel?
Both men promised such wicked possibilities that she didn’t know who to choose. Wow, it would have to be Mikhel. Not that she didn’t want Zach, because she did, but Mikhel was so powerful, such a force.
She looked at the skyline for a long time, the champagne singing through her veins.
Finally, sensing both men were behind her, she turned. And had to fight to contain her whimper.
They were so beautiful, so dangerous. Different but tempting.
Zach with his laughter, Mikhel with his strength.
“Uhh…” The ability to speak seemed to have left her and Taylor stared at them, the memory of Zach’s mouth on her lips and Mikhel’s fingers on her sex competing in her mind.
What was she going to do?
“I see it that you have three choices…” Mikhel said, as if he was answering her mental dilemma. “You can kick us both out and spend the rest of the night enjoying the luxury suite.” Zach crossed his arms across his chest as if he didn’t approve of the first option. “You can choose one of us and whoever you choose will spend the night pleasuring that delectable body of yours. The other will go home.”
Taylor’s pussy clenched and she placed her fingers against the couch to hold herself upright.
She looked at Mikhel. He’d said there were three choices. What was behind door number three?
“Or?” she asked when he didn’t speak.
“Or you can have us both.”




Chapter Four

The breath left her lungs—like someone was squeezing her chest and wouldn’t let up.
Have them both? As in have sex with them both?
Oh no, she couldn’t do that.
Could she?
True, she’d thought about sex with both of them. But never together. Oh my gosh, that would be a ménage. She’d only ever read about them and had barely let herself imagine what kind of woman would be sexy enough to draw two men to her.
She looked at Mikhel and the heat she’d felt from him before had returned—calling her, practically demanding her compliance. An image popped into her head of her kneeling before him, naked, submitting to him. Moisture flooded her pussy and she forced a bit of air into her still tight lungs.
Goodness, was she actually considering it? Were they serious?
The light in Mikhel’s eyes was too intense. She dragged her gaze away and looked at Zach. If this was a joke, he’d know. He’d let her know.
But the serious sensual stare that came back to her didn’t make her feel like laughing.
Both of them?
Then Zach smiled.
“Why don’t we all…” He held up the champagne bottle. “Have another drink and give Taylor some time to think about it.”
Mikhel’s shoulders rolled up and back, like an animal preparing to attack. He curled his neck to the side, chin dropping down. Muscles strained at the side of his throat. He took a deep breath and slowly the tension faded. He looked up and nodded—though she could tell he didn’t think it was a good idea.
Somehow Zach found glasses. He poured champagne into the three crystal flutes and handed them out.
Her mouth was suddenly dry and Taylor gulped the expensive bubbly down, letting the liquid tickle her throat.
She looked at the two men, stunned that they both seemed to want her.
Zach stepped forward. Though he often seemed to make the first move, she had the clear impression that Mikhel was the stronger of the two, the more demanding, dominant one.
Zach tapped his glass to hers and then bent down, his lips whispering across hers in a tempting, seductive caress, so light it couldn’t be called a kiss. But it made her want more. She chased his lips, stealing a kiss before she heard Mikhel’s voice.
“I thought we were giving her time to think.” The statement was low and gravelly, like rocks thundering down a mountainside.
Zach straightened and winked at her. “We are…doesn’t mean we can’t influence the decision.”
A growl rumbled through the room and the sound of crystal breaking. She flinched and looked over Zach’s shoulder. Mikhel’s glass was on the floor, in pieces. He stepped over it without a second glance, taking two strides to be at her side. With a glare toward his friend, he snatched her out of Zach’s hold and yanked her to him.
Ready to protest being treated like a rag doll, Taylor found herself unable to speak. Mikhel’s lips on hers, his tongue in her mouth, demanding, commanding a response. Vaguely she was aware of Zach taking the champagne glass from her hand. But he didn’t go far. Even as Mikhel conquered her mouth, Zach returned, placing hot kisses along the back of her neck, his tongue stroking her skin like he was sampling before he ate.
Her fingers clenched and she found them filled with hot male ass. Mikhel grunted and moved, his hips punching forward. He snapped his head back. The red light in his eyes captivated her. His lips were pulled back from his teeth and his breath was hard and pumping.
“Choose,” he commanded.
She felt a hot wicked bite from Zach, just at the base of her neck. Mikhel’s hot, hard body in front of her.
“Door number three,” she whispered.

Mikhel heard the beast scream in his head and claw at the inside of his chest. This was more than the wolf that lived inside him. This was the were—that frightening third form that lived inside male werewolves, dangerous, territorial…and his were beast wanted Taylor.
He shook his head and breathed deep. The sweet scent of Taylor’s cunt calmed the creature inside him. She was hot, wet, ready to be fucked. He could almost taste her pussy on his tongue.
Zach raised his eyes as he kissed Taylor’s throat. The dare was there but Mikhel didn’t respond, didn’t lunge at his rival the way his beast wanted. Instead he let the wolf and human have the power. Taylor wanted both of them. They would have her, both of them. Giving her pleasure until her body screamed with the joy of it.
He cupped her head and pulled her close, driving his tongue into her mouth, needing to feel that sweet submission, the delectable sacrifice as she offered herself to him.
His hand slid down her back. The hot silk of her skin flowed beneath his palm like lava. He sensed rather than felt Zach’s caress to her other hip.
“Hmmm, you were wearing panties earlier,” Zach whispered, the laughter so typical of Zach hanging in the air.
Mikhel drew back from the intoxicating kiss and couldn’t resist smiling at his friend.
“So you’ve already collected them? Very good.” Zach’s approval was followed by a slow stroke of his tongue up the side of Taylor’s neck. Her breath caught and Mikhel watched, saw her pleasure as Zach kissed and touched her, his hands sliding down her hips, cupping that ass that Mikhel wanted to claim.
The were in him wanted to rip Taylor from his rival’s grasp but he crushed the violent urge and trained his attention on Taylor. God, she was so beautiful. Sleek lines and rounded curves, curves that matched the shape of his hands. Her back arched up, pushing those ripe breasts into Mikhel’s chest. Damn, he had to have her. He needed to feel those beautiful tits in his hands, his mouth.
The were struggled for release and Mikhel used the power, letting his hands turn to claws as he raked them down her back, carefully snagging only the two straps that held her dress together. He pressed his body against hers, momentarily holding the material in place. Then as if they’d planned it, both he and Zach stepped away. The broken straps fell and the dress dropped to the ground in a pile of beautiful silk colors.
But it was nothing to the beauty that remained before him.
Taylor blinked both eyes and looked at him, stunned that she could be so immediately naked.
He watched her arm muscles flinch, like she wanted to cover herself, but he reached out, snagging her wrists and holding her back.
“No, baby. Let me see you.”
She resisted his command—just for an instant—but then the natural submission in her came through and she relaxed, nodding her agreement. Mikhel moved back another step, looking at the luscious form before him. She wasn’t model thin by any means but she was delicious, curvy. Her breasts and ass made his palms burn. And that sweet succulent scent that floated from between her legs made his mouth water to taste her.
His gaze dropped to the dark brown hair that covered her pussy. She squirmed beneath his gaze stare but Mikhel couldn’t force himself to look away. She was tense, stressed and as her lover, he knew he should comfort her, but every instinct in him demanded he dominate, command. He licked his lips.
“Open your legs.” The words dripped from his mouth like fire, unstoppable, never ending. Tension, maybe fear jolted through Taylor’s body but he didn’t, couldn’t find the will to stop. She would be his and she would submit to him.
The edge of his mouth twitched up in a snarl, the animal was seeking its release. His mate.
As he watched, Zach stepped forward, just behind Taylor, not quite touching. The were howled its dominance but again Mikhel crushed it. They’d agreed to this. They would share her.
He waited to see what Zach would do. Zach placed his hand on the inside of her thigh and urged her legs open, baring that delectable pussy to Mikhel, flooding the room with her sensual perfume.
Yes, his wolf growled. Mikhel licked his lips, tasting the air. He could see the tiny drips of cunt juice that trailed down her thighs. His little bitch was hungry for it. She was wet and wanted a cock to fill her. His cock to fill her.
Zach’s hand moved up and Mikhel almost groaned. He knew what a hot, tight passage Zach was feeling.
Through the thick layers of his tuxedo trousers, Mikhel grabbed his cock, his shaft was rock-hard—after hours of sitting beside Taylor, watching her dance with Zach, watching her kiss Zach…and that too-brief time when Mikhel had touched that delicate flesh between her legs. He rubbed his erection, feeling it harden even more as Taylor watched, her eyes locked on his hand, wanting him. God, he could smell her, sense her. He walked forward, grabbing her head and again driving his tongue into her mouth, needing her taste, wanting his body coated in the scent of her pussy. She groaned into his mouth, her tongue twisting around his, capturing his but retreating when he again thrust into her.
“Wait, Mikhel.”
Zach’s voice snapped him back. He pulled back and growled. He couldn’t stop the response. He needed her, now. He wanted to fuck.
Zach smiled.
“New Year’s is a night for toasts and I didn’t finish mine.” He held up his glass. With a wicked smile and a wink, Zach tipped the glass, pouring its contents over Taylor’s chest—her round breasts, the smooth curve of her stomach, slipping down into the hair that hid her beautiful cunt. Taylor gasped as the cold liquid hit her skin but Zach just laughed. “Shall we drink?”
Even in the weak light Mikhel saw the path of the champagne. It dripped down her breasts, drops clinging to her nipples. Across her skin, into that delicious crease between her thighs and her sex.
He was thirsty, desperate for the taste of her. Mikhel opened his mouth at the base of her neck and licked, catching the sweet liquid with the sweeter flavor of her skin. God, he needed to consume her. He moved down, finding drops of fizzy champagne and drinking them, feeling drunk on the tiny sips. He looked at her skin and saw a single drop clinging to one nipple, thick and beading. He bent down and caught it on his tongue, just barely touching her skin as it dripped into his mouth. The round, hard peak seemed to tighten even more and Taylor’s soft whimper sent a new jolt of need into his cock. He would soothe her pretty breasts and later, he would come on them, smoothing his cum into her skin, marking her with his scent.
The images pulsating through his head were enough to worry him. He’d never felt the need to claim a female before, particularly a human. But the temptation of Taylor’s body and her sensual need pushed the concern away. Now, he needed to feast on her.
He opened his mouth and sucked, drawing her nipple deep inside, loving her tiny gasp, the grip of her fingers in his hair. He sensed Zach nearby but the wolf needed this too much, needed to suckle at her breasts, take his comfort.
She arched her back and pressed her breast forward, easing her deeper into his mouth. Mikhel groaned and accepted her, his hand sliding up and cupping her other breast in his hand. He drew back and gently captured her nipple between his teeth, a soft bite, not enough to hurt. Taylor whimpered and Mikhel could sense the moisture flooding her cunt. Zach groaned in response as well. Captivated by the sweet taste of her skin, Mikhel forced himself to draw back, gasping in a breath. He looked down. Zach was kneeling between Taylor’s thighs, his tongue diving into her slit.
Part of him wanted to grab Zach and throw him out the penthouse window but another urge restrained him. Taylor clutched his arm, using Mikhel to hold herself upright. The pleasure she was getting from Zach’s mouth radiated through her skin. Zach lifted Taylor’s leg over his shoulder and buried his face in her cunt. Mikhel wrapped his arm around her hip, giving her something stable to lean against as she teetered on one high heel. Her eyes were a bit unfocused and her mouth hung open as if she couldn’t believe what was happening to her. The slow, rhythmic pulses of her hips told him that Zach was tongue-fucking her cunt.
Pleasing her with his attention.
Mikhel—fighting the demon inside him—stepped back. She liked what Zach was doing to her. He seized command of his body, willing himself to pull away from the sexual heaven she offered.
But she wouldn’t let him go. She reached out, her mouth open, her lips begging for his kiss. Her hand sliding down and cupping his full, hard erection.
Mikhel forced himself to look at her. If she truly wanted Zach, he would withdraw. But her eyes were on his cock. She massaged the hard shaft even as her hips rolled, accepting Zach’s tongue.
She’d never looked more beautiful. Confused and demanding at the same time. Mikhel watched the slow pulses of her hips, Zach’s blond head between her legs, and knew he couldn’t pull the other man back. She was enjoying it too much. But the hand that slid over his cock promised that she wanted more.

Taylor’s head was spinning, every sense overwhelmed and overloaded. In mere moments she’d gone from an average woman to a lust-crazed hussy but she didn’t care. If she didn’t get Mikhel’s cock inside her soon, she would scream.
Not that Zach’s mouth wasn’t incredible. She moaned as he fluttered his tongue, fast and hard, the entire length of her slit. God, that was good. Not enough to make her come but that was okay. Her body was alive and savoring every new sensation.
It was delicious and oh-so wicked. Standing naked in the pale light of the suite—Zach’s mouth on her pussy, Mikhel’s cock in her hand. It had to be a dream and if she was going to wake up soon, she wanted to experience as much of the fantasy as she could.
She watched her hand on the crotch of Mikhel’s tuxedo trousers, caressing and squeezing him through the material but she wanted him, skin to skin. She reached for the zipper tab, her tongue licking the inside edge of her mouth, anticipating the taste of his cock.
Mikhel grabbed her chin and tilted it up. “What do you want, baby?” he asked, forcing her eyes to his, planting a harsh kiss on her lips. “Do you want my cock in your mouth?” He stroked his thumb across her lower lip. “Feel me slide between those sexy lips? Because that’s where we’re headed if you keep going.” The warning was there, as if he was giving her a chance to back away. No way.
“Yes.”
The word slipped from her lips, low and breathless. It was her fantasy come true. Zach licking and sucking between her legs and Mikhel hard and thick between her lips.
Mikhel drew back and as his warmth left her, Taylor felt her knees weaken. She looked down, watching Zach lick her pussy. She’d been right. Zach had the perfect mouth for going down on a woman.
Even as she thought it, she reached for the only stable force in her world—Mikhel.
Her fingers dug into his shoulder. He smiled, moving closer and looking dangerously pleased that she clung to him. His lips whispered kisses across her jaw, ending with a tiny bite to her lower lip.
“Do you like his mouth on your pussy?” he asked against her mouth, his words and breath flowing into her. “Do you like the way he licks that sweet, wet cunt that I’ll be fucking?”
She nodded but that wasn’t enough. She swallowed. “Yes.”
His hand cupped her face and tipped her chin up so she could see him clearly. “I’m going to let him make you come,” he said. “But you’ll take me, baby. Hard.”
She shivered at his commanding tone—her nipples aching like he’d touched them, her pussy clenching and relaxing, preparing for his penetration. Heat exploded inside her and she needed to touch him. She leaned into his body, offering her mouth, placing light kisses on lips, teasing him until he took control and kissed her, drawing back only when they were both breathless.
“I love your mouth, Taylor.” Another nip of his teeth. “I’m going to fuck your pretty mouth.”
“Yes.” She tried to move closer to him but Zach’s grip on her ass held her in place. Zach’s touch had changed, soothing instead of arousing, as if he wanted her attention on him before he made her come. She placed her hand on his head, stroking his soft hair. The caress pleased him and he pumped his tongue into her opening, a sharp, shallow penetration that weakened her knees. Taylor heard her own moan and knew she was moving against him, trying to get him deeper. Just a little more and she could come.
“Zach.” The harsh tone startled her. Zach flinched as well but didn’t stop his slow tongue fuck. “Zach,” Mikhel said again and this time there was no denying the strength in his voice. Zach pulled away, his mouth glistening with the moisture from her pussy. He stared for a long time at her sex before raising his eyes to Mikhel. “Lie down,” Mikhel commanded. “We’ll both have her.” Mikhel’s hand wrapped around her waist, holding her in place as Zach faded away. Her body ached to follow him but Mikhel held her steady.
“Don’t worry, baby, you’ll get to feel his tongue again. Zach definitely wants to lick your sweet cunt until you come.”
She looked down, watching as Zach lay back on the carpet. They were still dressed. Both men still fully clothed while she was naked. Naked and offering herself to them.
She heard the voice in her head screaming “what the hell are you doing?” but even as the words came to her, they drifted away, pushed aside by the sights and tastes, sensations assaulting her body. Mikhel’s hands slid down her hips, cupping her ass. He guided her forward, moving her over Zach.
“That’s it, baby. He wants your cunt so bad…give it to him. Let me see you spread those pretty thighs.”
Delirious with desire she nodded. She lifted her mouth, offering it to Mikhel. He kissed her even as he helped her kneel down.
“Good girl.” She let Mikhel’s hands lead her down until she was kneeling over Zach’s head. She blinked and stared at the man. She straddled his face, his mouth perfectly positioned to her pussy. It was incredible. Too wicked. Zach stretched up and licked his tongue up the length of her slit, leaving with a tempting swipe of his tongue to her clit.
Mikhel’s fingers tightened in her hair but he didn’t move.
“Did you like that, baby?”
She nodded, unable to find the words.
“Yes, he’s going to eat your pretty cunt.” The words sank into her core, shocking her with a jolt of need. Mikhel’s hand cupped her cheek and tipped her head back. “While you take me.”




Chapter Five

His strong fingers stroked the line of her cheekbone and he watched her, as if looking for some sign she wanted to stop.
“Yes, Mikhel.”
His eyes brightened at her soft, submissive tone and Taylor hid her smile, cataloguing his reaction.
“Very good, baby.” His cock was bare, free of the constraints of his trousers, and hard, standing straight, ready for her. Taylor licked her lips and reminded herself to breathe. He was big—thick—and she wanted it all in her mouth. She stretched up to reach that delicious shaft. She lapped her tongue across the round head but tight fingers gripped her hips, pulling her down. Shocked that she’d been stripped of her prize, she glared down at Zach. He returned the bold stare, his eyes glittering with retribution and amusement. He wasn’t going to let her escape.
Not that she wanted to.
She wanted both men, wanted to please both of them.
Letting Zach guide her down, she spread her legs wide, needing to be closer, and groaned as his tongue moved upward, driving into her pussy. She dug her knees into the carpet and rocked against his mouth. His moan vibrated through her pussy like a million tiny fingers and she gasped, taking a moment to keep herself in control.
Breathing hard, she opened her eyes and saw Mikhel, watching her, his cock waiting, eager and hard. Still rocking against Zach’s tongue, unable to deny her body that caress, she opened her mouth, offering it to Mikhel. He came close, bending his knees to reach her level.
Her body sang with relief as she stroked her tongue up his full hard length. She stroked her fingertips down the long shaft, soft and so strong.
Her pussy ached as she thought about his cock fucking her, knowing it would hurt as it entered her. Knowing she wanted it anyway. Zach’s tongue thrust up into her passage, filling her in some tiny way. She moaned against Mikhel’s cock. So delicious.
His hand pulled her head back, cupping her neck, protecting her as she licked down the length and captured a delicious hint of pre-cum from the tip. God, it was so good, she wanted more. Using his strong thighs to lean against, she let her senses go, indulging in every taste and touch, reveling in his grunts and moans as she licked him, running the broad flat of her tongue up the full length of his cock, teasing the tip with a wicked flutter before pulling back, admiring the sight before her. His skin glittered with the moisture from her lips and she returned, needing more, needing all that thick, hot power in her mouth.
She cupped the staff and opened her mouth, knowing he was watching, anticipating. Just to tease him, she looked up as she flicked her tongue across the thick head and retreated. The warning in his eyes made the center of her stomach drop. He wanted this. She moved closer, this time letting the first inch slide between her lips before she pulled back. The soothing hand on her head tightened and she could feel him fighting his strength, fighting his desire to cram the full length into her mouth. It was more arousing than any caress.
She kept up her teasing, letting him inside her mouth, sucking lightly as she pulled back but then moved away, whispering kisses across his thighs, stroking her tongue across his balls. With each caress the muscles in his thighs grew tighter, harder, until they were solid and the compulsive thrusts of his hips warned that the next time she took him into her mouth, he wouldn’t let her go.
And while she licked him, Zach worked her. Hot sensual lips caressed her pussy and she moved with them, guiding them to her clit, giving herself to the delicate touch.
Zach slid his tongue up, sliding it deliciously against her clit and holding it there.
Unable to stop herself, she pumped up and down, riding Zach’s tongue, guiding it to the hot sexual place at the edge of her clit—just a touch and she could—
“Don’t let her come,” Mikhel said, his voice harsh and gravelly. Taylor moaned, disappointment and triumph causing the sound. She wanted to come but she could wait. No, it was more pleasure than regret. She was thrilled that she was able to make him want so badly. She’d done that to him. She’d brought him to the edge of his control. She placed a kiss on the side of his cock, teasing and light, knowing she was pushing his limits. His fingers bit into the back of her head but she didn’t care. She wanted more, wanted to feel him, his power.
“But Mikhel—” Zach protested.
“No, she doesn’t come.” He tilted her chin up, forcing him to look at her. “Until I come in her sweet mouth.”
“Yes, Mikhel,” Zach answered, sounding strangely submissive. The tone made her ache, reaching something deep inside her.
“So you see, baby, you don’t come until you let me in.”
It was a threat, a sensual warning but Taylor wasn’t frightened. She rejoiced in it.
“But I need to come,” she whimpered, adding a touch of breathlessness to her words. Red flared in his eyes.
“Then finish me.”
A low chuckle filled her chest—her dominant lover was demanding his satisfaction.
She reached up and grabbed Mikhel’s hips, holding him in place as she opened her lips again, this time sliding him deep, bumping against the back of her throat. His fingers released the tight grip but he didn’t let go. He smoothed her hair, holding her, comforting her as she slowly sucked back.
“That’s it, baby. Take it. Suck me hard. Deep.” She forced her throat to relax, wanting him deeper. “Oh yes. You’ve got such a wicked mouth. It was made to take my cock.” She hummed around his shaft, feeling every stroke rock through her body. It was like he was fucking her pussy.
Zach continued to tongue her, using the broad flat of his tongue across her slit, countering with quick fluttering teases that made her ache, keeping her on the edge. But not enough to make her come.
“So pretty,” Mikhel whispered, stroking her cheekbone. “Do you want me?” His hips pulsed and his cock nudged the back of her throat. “Will you take me? All of me?”
He sensed Zach’s startled gaze but ignored it. He needed this. He’d never let a woman swallow his cum before but there was an urgency clawing at him, demanding that he claim her in some way.
She didn’t answer his question—instead she drove her mouth forward, engulfing his cock, taking half of it to the back of her throat. Mikhel couldn’t stop himself. His hips pumped forward, needing to be deeper, needing to come inside her.
Her lips clamped around his cock and sucked as he forced his shaft to withdraw from the sweet cavern of her mouth. His eyes burned and he felt his teeth stretching long, changing. He pushed back in, sliding deep one more time, feeling his cum spurt out and flood her mouth. He gripped her head, stroking her throat as she gulped down his cum.
A low growl ripped from his throat, the animal pleased by her acceptance.
“Good girl,” he whispered, smoothing her hair, loving the way she felt beneath his hands. Her tongue continued to caress his cock as he pulled back, slipping out of her mouth, knowing he would fuck it again soon. A drop of his cum clung to the corner of her lips. His cock twitched, coming alive again at the sight. She was well and truly marked. But there would be more. When he came inside her, there would be more. His scent would fill her, sink into her skin.
She blinked up at him, her eyes wide and a little dazed. As if she was stunned by what she’d just done. And what was being done to her. Her hips rolled in a slow rocking thrust and he knew Zach was continuing his tongue fuck. The wet, sexy sounds coming from between her legs made him ache to fill her. But first he would give Zach his time.
“Zach, make her come.”
Zach groaned as if he’d finally been given what he wanted. The sound seemed to travel through Taylor’s body, rolling into a low moan from her lips as her hips moved, a little faster, a little harder.
“That’s it, baby. Fuck his mouth, ride him.”
He took a step back and watched. Her hands fell away and she placed her fists on her naked thighs. Her mouth was open and head tipped back. Loose strands of her hair were starting to tumble from the elaborate hairstyle she’d worn tonight. She looked wild and sexual, a goddess with her lover servicing her, rocking back and forth, rubbing herself against Zach’s mouth.
The seductive moans built from inside her until she was almost panting.
“Come for me,” Mikhel commanded. “Let me watch you.”
Zach responded to Mikhel’s command as well and wrapped his lips around her clit, rubbing his tongue across the side, just the right touch to ignite her orgasm. The sensation shot through her pussy, so intense she pushed up, needing to escape his mouth.
Her vision blurred and she heard a cry fill the room, vaguely aware that it belonged to her. The jolt ripped through her core, expanding until it reached her fingertips. Breath battered her lungs as she tried to regain control of her body.
As the last tendrils of the orgasm slipped away, strength left her and she fell forward, catching herself on her hands, staring down at the soft plush carpet beneath her. She hadn’t known her body was capable of coming that hard. She licked her lips and found a lingering trace of Mikhel’s cum. It tasted sweet, seductive. Like nothing she’d ever tasted before.
Coming back to herself, she realized her position and lifted her head, looking around, over her shoulder. Both men stood behind her, staring at her. Their eyes trained on her sex. Feeling terribly exposed, she started to sink to her side, to hide—
“No. Don’t move, baby. I like this view of you.” Mikhel’s command locked her in place. God, what was it about his voice, his power, that made her want to obey him, please him? “So pink and pretty. That lovely wet cunt.” She shivered at the words and the blatant sexual appreciation in his voice. “Zach’s still licking your taste off his mouth.” She looked at the other man and saw that Mikhel was right. The heat in Zach’s eyes was just as strong as Mikhel’s but different. He wanted her but the power wasn’t there. The urgency. Not like Mikhel. She knew he was going to fuck her hard. And soon.
She moaned and dropped her head, sagging forward as the images filled her, her pussy throbbing with the need to feel him.
“That’s it, baby. Lift that sweet tail of yours, offer it to me.” Her body again acceded to his demand and she leaned down, catching her weight on her elbows as she pumped her ass up, her legs spread wide open.
“Damn, look at how pretty she is,” Zach whispered.
“Yes.”
As she punched her hips up again, hot, strong fingers stroked her skin. Mikhel. He slid his hand down her ass, a light caress that made her think of a warm breeze. How strange that she knew he would fuck her hard but his touch was so gentle. His fingers dipped down, sliding along the slit of her ass, deeper, until he reached her pussy opening.
Brutally aware of her own desire, she could feel how wet she was, knew she had to be coating his fingers with her pussy juice. Embarrassment tried to insinuate itself into her brain—that she was too eager, almost desperate—but the hunger and the remembered heat in Mikhel’s stare pushed the insecurity away. These men wanted her. She moved into his touch, trying to get more.
“Hmm, I think our sweet little bitch wants to be fucked. And hard.” As he spoke, he pushed a finger into her pussy. “Don’t you.”
It wasn’t a question.
“Yes.” She moaned, pumping against his hand. The finger slipped out of her and her moan turned to a whimper. He couldn’t leave her like this. She needed him. Two fingers thrust into her, stretching her, making her cry out. “She’s tight. She’s going to squeeze us so hard.” The way he talked to Zach made her pussy even wetter, like she was a slave they were considering buying. Wicked slave girl fantasies popped into her head, knowing that Mikhel and Zach would make for demanding masters.
Mikhel’s fingers started to withdraw and Taylor braced herself for the loss. But he didn’t pull out completely. He began to pump inside her, slow at first and then faster, whispering words of encouragement as she thrust her pussy back, driving him deeper. The sharp, shallow finger fuck made the ache worse. She lifted up almost to the tips of her toes, offering, begging for more.
“Damn, Mikhel, fuck her. I can’t take much more.” She flipped her hair out of the way and looked back. Zach was watching, his cock out of his trousers and in his hand, his fingers curled around the thick rod, pumping at a half-time beat of the hard penetrations of Mikhel’s fingers. She licked her lips, wondering what he would taste like and when she could have him in her mouth.
Mikhel’s fingers slipped out of her and she moaned. Afraid he would leave her, she leaned her head down farther, raising her hips, blatantly offering herself.
She heard the slow slide of a zipper and knew Mikhel was behind her.
“I’m going to mount you this way the first time.” That there were would be more times made her tremble. “You’ll feel me deep this way, take all of me.”
“Yes, Mikhel.” The same submissive tone she’d heard from Zach had crept into her voice.
“Good girl.”
The blunt head of his cock pressed against her opening, sliding into her, but then he stopped. She heard a sound and looked back. Zach had torn a condom off the strip and offered it to Mikhel. Mikhel looked at it for a long time, like he didn’t want to take it but Zach’s determination was clear on his face. He pushed the condom forward, slapping into Mikhel’s hand. Mikhel’s eyes squinted and he huffed like he was clearing his throat, but he ripped open the package and rolled the protection over his staff.
The irritation in his gaze lingered as he returned his cock to her pussy and entered her, stretching her passage as he slowly pushed forward. Tight fingers held her hips, locking her in place as he filled her, relentless and seductive. Her moans turned to whimpers as she rested her forehead on the carpet. It hurt but it was so wonderful.
“You can take me, baby. That’s it. Relax, I’m almost inside.” His hand slipped around front and teased her clit. The caress distracted her long enough that she no longer tensed. Didn’t fight as he penetrated her.
She opened her mouth, gasping for air as his groin pressed against her ass. The tight curls around his cock teasing her skin. She was filled, stretched almost to the point of pain but loving him.
He moaned as he pulsed inside her, shallow little thrusts that touched a delicious place inside her. “Damn, she’s tight.”
Slowly he pulled back and she heard her own whimper, as if her body couldn’t bear the thought of being separated from him. But he withdrew until only the tip remained inside her, holding for one breath before he drove in again.
Taylor cried out and punched her hips back, trying to send him deeper. Oh she needed this. It was like her body was on fire and only Mikhel could ease the flames. Her fingers dug into the carpet and she moved, counterstrokes to the hard pounding thrusts. She would ache tomorrow but now it felt so good, that thick, hard cock moving in her, filling her over and over again.
His hand cupped her pussy, his fingers moving into her slit, teasing her clitoris. He lifted as she moved down, giving her a tiny platform to rub against, holding her in place as he pounded into her. The wicked little caress of his fingers multiplied the sensation of his cock moving in her, hitting the place over and over again until she couldn’t stand it.
Clawing at the carpet, she tried to hold her body together as the orgasm shot through her pussy. Mikhel shouted and rocked harder, deeper, one, two more times then the same delicious tension took his body.
The world around her faded as her battered mind and body struggled to return. Her muscles felt like warm honey, melted and pliable. Hot, firm hands rubbed her hips, urging her to move. With a whimper, she followed the guidance of those hands, rolling her onto her back. Mikhel leaned over her, his mouth covering hers, soft tasting kisses as he skimmed his hands across her breasts, her stomach, her pussy.
Petting her, whispering softly, telling her how pretty she was and how tight her cunt gripped him, how she was made for him. The seductive words were a perfect topping to the wicked orgasm that still pulsed through her body. A new surge of hunger filled her pussy and she groaned, arching her breasts up, offering her body.
Her clit tingled like it was being stroked but no hands caressed her.
“Hmm, Zach, I think she needs you.” Mikhel’s hand rubbed across her stomach, his fingers dipping into her slit, collecting moisture.
“Yes,” she moaned, pressing her hips up, trying to slide his fingers into her.
“Yes, she needs it.”
Zach stood above her. His shirt was open, his pants pushed down and that long, hard cock standing tall for her.
“Touch him, baby.” Mikhel’s voice invaded the lovely sexual haze that covered her mind and she stretched up, following his command, wrapping her fingers around Zach’s cock, leaning forward and stroking her tongue across the head. Zach groaned and his hips rocked forward. For a moment she considered sucking him off, letting him fuck her mouth as Mikhel had but her pussy ached too much. She needed him between her legs.
Part of her mind—a distant corner that was drowned out by the driving need in her veins—was stunned that she would behave in such a way. Not just allowing two men to fuck her but actively participating, seeking more.
She didn’t understand it but she couldn’t stop it. She wanted this.
Letting her fingers trail away from his cock, she sank back down, lifting her knees and blatantly baring herself.
“Come here,” she said, taking a little of the command away from Mikhel.
Zach shoved his pants the rest of the way off and tossed his shirt away, leaving him deliciously naked. Then he dropped to his knees, kneeling between her spread thighs. New power surged through her as he looked at her, his eyes trained on her pussy, open and wet.
With Mikhel she’d been dominated, her body instinctively submitting to his command.
With Zach, she felt in control. The power was hers.
“Come inside me.”
He grabbed a condom from the floor—she didn’t know where they’d come from but either Zach or Mikhel had brought them—and rolled it on his shaft, his movements quick and mechanical, as if he didn’t want to waste any sensation on his own touch. She held up her hands, opening her arms and he came down on top of her, holding his weight inches above her, the tip of his erection pressing between her legs.
“Taylor,” he whispered as he kissed her, her name almost worshipful. They lay, pressed together, renewing the desire between them. It was sweet and delicious but she needed him inside her. The orgasm that Mikhel had created was fading into memory and her body craved more. She rolled her hips up, pushing against his cock and he seemed to hear her plea.
He straightened and spread his knees under hers, sliding her hips up his legs as he placed the tip of his cock to her opening. Eyes locked on hers, as if he wanted to be sure she knew who was fucking her.
“Come inside, Zach,” she said, making his name clear and distinct. The edges of his mouth curled up as he slowly pushed in.
Taylor arched her back as Zach filled her, his long, hard cock disappearing into her cunt.
He held himself deep inside her for a moment—as if savoring the tight squeeze of her pussy—then he drew back and began to pump, slow, steady strokes.
Mikhel watched, his hand stroking his own shaft as Zach entered her. The hot, wet perfume of her cunt filled the room and Mikhel knew he could drown in it.
Strange emotions ricocheted in his chest as he watched his best friend fuck his woman. He loved her pleasure, watching her breasts bounce and shimmy with each thrust, hearing the very vocal cries she made. The serum in his cum that she’d swallowed would be heightening her senses—making the world a little brighter, her flesh more sensitive. It also improved her body’s ability to recover. He didn’t know how long the effects would last but for tonight she would be able to take them. Both of them.
The animal inside him growled and snarled, snapping at the thought of Zach fucking her, leaving his scent on her. He slammed a lid on the rage and focused his attention on her, on Taylor’s pleasure. He would deal with Zach later.
The tempting silk of her skin was too much to resist and Mikhel dropped down beside her, needing to be a part of this. Needing to touch her. She reached for him, drawing him over her and driving her tongue into his mouth, hungry and demanding. Biting his lip as he pulled back. He smoothed his hand across her stomach, long sweeping strokes, as he sucked on her nipples, played with her breasts. All the while, Zach fucked her. The thrusts were getting deeper, harder. Mikhel forced himself to move back. To let Zach have this moment and to watch Taylor come.
Her shout filled the room as her body bowed. Pink flushed her chest, making her nipples even darker. Zach’s cry followed moments later, pushing into her cunt one more time as he came.
Mikhel growled, wanting to grab the male and throw him off. Mount the female and claim her, mark her.
The foreign desires pulsed through him and only Taylor’s eyes stopped him. As Zach dropped down beside her, she looked up and smiled, slow, lazy, totally satisfied. They’d done that to her. She started to raise her arm to him but then it sank back to the carpet like she was too tired to move. So he came to her, sidling up beside her and pulling her close. Unable to stop touching her, he cupped her breasts and placed kisses on her skin. Zach’s scent joined with hers but Mikhel let it go.
He needed more of this woman.




Chapter Six

Taylor took a deep breath and tried to recapture her mind. Thoughts were difficult to come by. They’d been thoroughly fucked from her body. Which was probably a good thing because if she thought about what she’d just done, she’d no doubt panic.
Mikhel lay on her right side. He was propped up on his elbow, his fingers stroking her skin. He couldn’t seem to stop touching her, kissing her. He paid special attention to her breasts, wrapping his lips around the tight nipples and slowly licking, keeping his touch light. His fingers slipped into her sex, skimming the edge of her opening.
She groaned, feeling her own moisture. She’d just come harder than she could have imagined—more times than she’d imagined—and her body still seemed to crave more.
Zach lay on her other side, his hand stroking her arm, his hard cock nudging her hip. A flutter in her pussy warned her that she was more than willing to take both of them again. Once she’d recovered a bit.
Feeling a need for more oxygen, she took a long, full breath, slowly letting her senses return to normal. The third climax, while Zach had been fucking her, had taken the last of her strength but the decadent sensuality wouldn’t release its hold on her.
Needing to touch them—both of them—she pressed one hand to Zach’s chest, letting her fingers test the tight muscles. With the other hand, she reached for Mikhel, her palm sampling the tight ridges of his stomach. And sliding down. She needed to hold him, wanted her fingers curled around that delicious shaft.
God, it had been incredible. Amazing. Who would have ever thought of it? Okay, she knew lots of people thought of it but she didn’t know any who’d actually done it—had two lovers at the same time. At least she didn’t think she did. She hadn’t asked any of her friends but they were a bit too straight for this sort of thing.
So are you.
Or she had been until just a short while ago. She had no idea what time it was. The noises of the New Year were long gone, silenced by the distance and the isolation of the suite.
“Do you guys do this often?” she asked casually, the words tumbling from her mouth without any conscious thought.
Mikhel lifted his head with a slow retreating lick to her nipple. “Do what?”
She felt her cheeks warm and knew she was blushing but hell, she’d opened the door. She might as well walk through. “You know…the two of you, one woman.”
Zach shook his head even as he moved to cup her other breast in his hand, as if seeing Mikhel’s treatment had intrigued him.
“You’re the first,” Mikhel said, his breath washing over her as he stretched up and kissed her mouth. “We’ve never wanted the same woman before.”
Wow. To be the first woman who’d had the both. Somehow that made her heart pound even more.
He pushed one finger into her pussy and the shallow penetration made her gasp.
“Sore?” Mikhel asked, the concern lurking beneath the hunger in his voice.
“A little.” His hand slid away, his finger slipping out of her, and she immediately missed his presence. “Not that sore.”
Mikhel chuckled softly and kissed her again, his hand returning to her pussy, stroking and petting her wet skin. Zach’s lips teased her shoulder, reminding her that he wasn’t far.
“Maybe we should give her a break.”
Mikhel’s head snapped up and he glared across her body at Zach. The light from the room made his eyes appear red—bright red. Bright glowing red.
She blinked and looked again and the phenomenon had disappeared, his eyes returning to their normal bright blue. He still stared at Zach as if he was challenged by the other man but after a long moment, he nodded.
“Maybe a shower?” Zach suggested, kissing her ear. Hmm, yes. A shower sounded good. It might give her a few minutes to think. Zach rolled away, giving her enough space to stand. It took Mikhel extra seconds to release her but finally she was free. Zach’s hand appeared and he helped her up, pulling her against his hard body.
“Shower’s this way,” he said, tipping his head toward the bedroom door. “I’ll wash your back.”
He said it with such teasing that Taylor knew she could refuse without hurting his feelings but the idea of showering with these two men…damn, it tempted her, just like having them both make love to her.
She didn’t understand it and tomorrow she would rethink, replay and rehash the whole thing to death, but tonight, she was going with what felt right. And that meant climbing into the shower with Zach.

Mikhel watched Taylor standing in Zach’s arms. Her rounded body warm in the low light. Her eyes a little dazed from the pleasure they’d given her. Not just him but Zach as well.
A red haze covered his mind and he felt the urge to growl. Tightening his throat to keep the sound inside, he stood up and adjusted his clothes.
“You two go,” he said. “I’ll join you in a second.”
Zach’s eyes widened for a second but then he smiled as if he couldn’t believe his good fortune. Taylor looked confused but Zach’s soft words and guidance led her gently from the room. When the bathroom door closed, Mikhel exhaled, finally releasing the vicious control he’d maintained for the last hour.
He started pacing the living room area. This was bad. Very bad. The light from the almost full moon shone through the huge bay windows and he stared at it. He didn’t understand what was happening to him. This was more than the power of the moon. It was even more than his wolf.
This was another beast entirely, clawing to get out. Wanting to fuck Taylor and dominate Zach.
Hell, the fact that Mikhel had almost fucked her without a condom showed how close he was to some mystical line. He’d never fucked a woman without a condom. Ever. In his life. It was ingrained in male werewolves from an early age that unless you wanted to be bound to a human woman for the rest of your life, you didn’t fuck without a condom. The serum in their semen acted as a catalyst, changing the woman, giving her werewolf characteristics.
It wasn’t as permanent or damaging as a bite. Just coming inside a human wasn’t enough to change her completely but it was dangerous. Even now, he wanted to return, to imprint himself on Taylor’s body, mark her as belonging to him. The serum had created a bond between him and Taylor. Just one time wouldn’t hurt her but if he did it again, and again, or came inside her cunt, she’d be connected to him. The bond could be broken but it was extremely painful. Mainly for the woman.
And he’d almost done it. Only Zach’s insistence at the condom had stopped him.
Coming inside her mouth was dangerous enough. He groaned, remembering the sensation of sliding between her lips, filling her mouth, stroking her neck as she swallowed his cum. His cock hardened at the simple memory. Even that was affecting her. She probably wouldn’t notice it but her body’s sensitivity would be heightened and she’d be able to take him and Zach several more times tonight. Her body adjusting was adapting to fucking a werewolf.
He knew Zach hadn’t approved of him coming in her mouth but he hadn’t been able to stop himself. He’d needed his mark on her, his seed and scent on her, warning others off.
The image of her, naked and kneeling before him, filled his head until it was all he could see. Even standing alone, his body wanted to thrust, shallow, pulsing beats between her lips.
He scraped his fingers through his hair and spun away from the window. This was not him. He was always in control. Too often growing up he’d seen other males in his father’s pack using use the wolf as an excuse for stupid, reckless behaviors. They always blamed the animal inside them. But they were more than just animals. They lived in the human world.
They were in control of the creatures that lived inside of them. Mikhel believed that. Or he had until tonight.
Tonight he was fighting a creature stronger than the wolf. The werewolves in his pack had three forms, human, wolf and were. The human and the wolf were always present, a symbiotic relationship that worked for both creatures. Mikhel was always conscious to give his wolf what it needed—freedom, places to run, almost raw meats. The animal was a part of him, helped him.
The wolf’s appearance was something the human could control, even when the draw of the moon was so strong.
But the were form…when the beast appeared, it was almost uncontrollable. He’d never turned into his were form before. He’d only ever seen it happen once, when he was a young man. The result had been bloody and violent, leaving one dead and two others damaged.
The were was the stuff of horror movies and nightmares. A true man-wolf that walked on two legs and craved blood and power. Keeping the beast contained was of the utmost importance. Even in wolf form, the human mind was present, maintaining some control, balancing the animal’s instincts. From what he’d heard, when the were took over, the human became a rider in the beast’s mind and nothing could stop the beast until it got what it wanted.
Tonight, the were was fighting to get out. To claim the female and subdue the male.
Needing to move, to do something besides brood, Mikhel scanned the suite. The remnants of his champagne flute lay shattered on the floor. Taylor’s dress was in a pile. He stuck his hand in his pocket and felt the silk of her underwear, rubbing the material between two fingers. His cock, already hard and ready to fill her again, twitched inside his pants. She’d been so sexy in the ballroom, her cheeks red, her eyes glittering, her pussy wet. He groaned, knowing he had to have her again. Soon. He went to his overnight bag, shoved into the corner so neither man looked presumptuous, and pulled out the supply of condoms he’d brought. He put one in his pocket. He scanned the room and saw Taylor’s dainty purse sitting on the bar. He picked it up and carried it into the bedroom. She might want her things nearby.
He tossed it on the bedside table and put the condoms in the drawer.
That little bit of business done, Mikhel stood in the bedroom, listening to his own breath, listening to his body. The dark tension had eased a bit but he didn’t for a moment believe the were had disappeared.
As his breath slowed, another sound slipped into the room. Soft and subtle, a low hum. No, a low moan. Taylor. Without his command, his feet carried him toward the bathroom…and the seductive sounds of Taylor’s pleasure.
He pushed open the door. The shower door was open, giving Mikhel a clear view of their bodies, Zach standing behind Taylor, water dripping off their skin. Taylor gripped the shower door, holding it, using it to support herself as she rolled and circled her ass, pressed hard into Zach’s groin. Zach wasn’t fucking her. His cock was sliding between her legs but wasn’t inside her.
But his fingers filled her pussy and she moved against them, fucking herself on them.
That’s it, he thought. Come for him, baby. Let me see you come.
As if she could hear him, she cried out. The perfume of her orgasm flooded the room and Mikhel and Zach both moaned.
She sagged in Zach’s arms but he caught her, easing her upright, leaning her back so he could support her weight. Her head was tipped backward against his shoulder, her breasts arched forward, an offering Mikhel wanted to accept.
Zach looked up and smiled—arrogant and cocky. And Mikhel felt the beast rise inside him. He tamped down on the creature, crushing it before it could break free.
Strange that seeing Zach with Taylor didn’t incite the beast nearly as much as Zach’s arrogance, the dare in Zach’s eyes as if he wanted Mikhel to prove he was stronger.
The sight of Taylor stepping out of the shower shook Mikhel free of his grim thoughts. He grabbed a towel off the heating rack and opened it, wrapping it around her body and pulling her into his embrace. She moved to him easily, languidly. The climax that Zach had just given her was clearly still affecting her body, giving it a sensual, sexual power that made Mikhel’s heart pound.
He pulled her close, letting her feel his erection through the thick material of the towel, smoothing the soft cotton against her skin and brushing away the lingering traces of water. Zach remained in the shower. It was almost like he was giving Mikhel a moment alone with Taylor.
“You okay, baby?” he whispered, letting the towel fall away between them and drawing her damp body against his. She made a little tired sound in the back of her throat but nodded. Damn, she was too tired to take him. “I guess I can let you have a break.”
She shook her head and pulled her arms up around his neck. Her eyes were hanging at half-mast but there was heat in them. “I want you,” she said.
The soft admission made his cock leap and the were growled its need. Mikhel picked her up, urging her to wrap her legs around his waist, and carried her into the bedroom. He would have her. Again.

Zach stood in the doorway and watched the two bodies on the bed—Mikhel’s dark hair striped with Taylor’s fingers as she held him in place, urging him to suckle those perfect tight tits. Mikhel’s mouth moved from one to the other, leaving each tip a delicious pink and clearly craving more. Taylor was delightfully vocal, letting them know exactly what she liked.
Mikhel’s hips moved up and down, his cock sliding in and out of her cunt. The movements were slow and steady. He was going easy on her, riding her sensitive passage gently.
Unable to stop himself, Zach reached down and grabbed his cock, stroking it. He wasn’t going to come but he needed to feel it, needed to feel what it was like to slide into such a tight hole.
Sexual whispers passed between them as Mikhel buried his face in her hair, still moving inside her.
“You feel so good around my cock, baby. Tell me if I hurt you.”
“No. Feels good.”
Zach knew he should leave, give them this moment alone, but he couldn’t make his body walk away. It was too seductive—the sights and scents of their lovemaking. The delicious sounds as Mikhel slid inside her. Zach knew that if he entered the room, Taylor would reach for him, welcome him, but for now he was content to watch them.
Their breathing grew harsh as Mikhel’s pace increased, still not the hard fucking he’d given her in the living room, pounding into her with the full power of the werewolf. And Taylor had loved it, fucked herself back onto his cock, taking him deeper. Yes, she would be a wonderful mate.
Taylor’s cries built until she whimpered and Zach could see the orgasm jolt through her tired body. Mikhel thrust inside her, again and yet again and then his body strained, though he was silent as he came.
Taylor’s hands became lax and dropped back to the mattress as if she’d lost the strength to cling to him any longer. Her lips were open and her eyes closed.
As Mikhel moved off her, his harsh breath filling the air, Zach slipped out of the shadows, watching the two bodies as they separated, the scent of their loving clogging his brain. Mikhel’s bright eyes flashed at him through the weak light, a warning. He could see it. Mikhel’s wolf was fighting to come to the surface. To declare and demand his dominance.
But Mikhel’s human nature crushed the animal again, forcing it back.
Taylor’s breathless moan drew Zach to the bed. Though his cock was hard, he wouldn’t take her again. Her body had been loved and fucked so thoroughly he knew she couldn’t take another cock inside her. Not yet. But he needed to be near her. To have his skin against hers. He wasn’t ready or willing to give her up to Mikhel just yet.
He crawled under the sheet, sliding close. Taylor was almost on her side, facing Mikhel, her heart still thumping loud in her chest from the orgasm that Zach could sense lingered in her body. As he came near, she turned and looked at him, the low hang of her eyelids told him her body was exhausted—taken and well used by Mikhel and Zach—but still she reached for him. Her hand wrapped around the back of his neck and pulled him to her, offering her mouth.
And Zach couldn’t resist. He placed a soft kiss on her lips, dipping his tongue into her mouth to imprint her taste on him. A hint of Mikhel’s flavor lingered but he found he didn’t mind the other male’s taste.
As if sleep was too tempting to resist, Taylor smiled softly and rolled back to her side. Her fingers trailed behind her as if she would have Zach follow her. And he did. Cuddling up close, letting his hard cock press against her ass as she raised her leg and draped it over Mikhel’s hip. Zach slid his hand down her side, savoring the warm and smooth silky flesh, the delicious curve of her ass. She rolled her hips back, a subtle movement that nudged him against her.
He doubted she even knew she was doing it but just like in the shower, that tight ass rubbed along his cock, tempting him. He slid his hand up and cupped her breast. The nipple was still tight and she moaned as he pinched the hard peak.
The pink of her tongue popped out and she licked her lips. Mikhel leaned down and kissed her softly.
“Sleep, little one.” His command floated through the air and Zach stared at his friend. Mikhel seemed to sense Zach’s gaze and looked up.
Mikhel’s eyes flared that wicked dangerous red but the light disappeared almost immediately. Neither backed away. To show he wasn’t going anywhere, Zach moved even closer, his hand tightening on her breast.
Mikhel wanted her. Wanted to claim her and mark her as his.
Well, so did Zach.
And if Mikhel wanted her, he was going to have to fight.




Chapter Seven

The high-pitched jangling reached into Mikhel’s dreams and slowly dragged him out. Blindly he reached for the bedside table, grabbed the annoying cell phone that was disturbing his sleep and answered it.
“Yeah?”
“Uh, sorry. I think I dialed the wrong number.”
“’Kay.”
He clicked the off button and dropped it back on the table. It took only a moment to sink back to sleep and into the hot sexy dream, Taylor, above him, his cock buried deep in her pussy as she rode him, those full breasts swaying slightly in time as she humped him. Yeah, that’s it.
The same ring jerked him out of sleep a second time and he grabbed the phone, feeling much less congenial. “What?” he demanded.
The same feminine voice spoke. “Uh, I was looking for Taylor. This is her phone, right?” The woman’s voice turned suspicious. “Is she there?”
Blinking the sleep from his eyes—but knowing it would be a while before his cock got over being denied Taylor’s pussy, even in a dream—he rolled over. The space next to him was empty but on the far side of the California king bed, Zach’s blond head was buried under a blanket.
“Hey!” Mikhel tapped Zach’s shoulder. “Where’s Taylor?”
Zach lifted his head. He looked like Mikhel felt. Tired, worn out, used. Rode hard and put away wet. But still there was a sense of satisfaction that surrounded him.
“Shower?”
As soon as he said it, Mikhel recognized the sound of running water. “I think she’s in the shower. Can I—” The bed shifted next to him and he looked over, in time to see Zach’s naked ass walking across the room, toward the bathroom. “Greedy bastard,” he muttered though he didn’t feel any specific anger to Zach. He wasn’t going to let Taylor go without at least one more taste of her. “Oh sorry. Can I take a message?”
“Yes, tell her Rebecca called. Did we meet last night?”
“Yes.”
“Which one are you?”
That question woke him up. “Which one am I?” Like we’re interchangeable? “I’m the one who gets pissy at being woken up on New Year’s Day at—” He glared at the clock. “Eleven in the morning.” Okay, so that wasn’t early but it was when you’d spent most of the night awake and fucking.
“Oh you’re that one. Listen, just remind Taylor we expect to see her for brunch.” She said the words like a warning. Great, she’s making sure I haven’t killed Taylor and stuffed her body in a trunk. “And tell her to call me.”
“Got it.” He clicked the phone off and tossed it on the small table beside Taylor’s open purse. He vaguely remembered her opening the tiny bag, looking for a brush at some point in the middle of the night. She’d decided her hair was too messy. Zach and Mikhel had dragged her back onto the bed and shown her how little they cared that her pretty hairstyle from earlier in the evening was hanging down around her shoulders in clumps.
Mikhel threw off the covers and padded across the room, listening at the bathroom door for a moment. Zach was doing something to Taylor that she certainly liked. Probably going down on her. Maybe fucking her. But somehow Mikhel didn’t think so. He didn’t know why but he was pretty sure Zach would let him have her first this morning.
Mikhel went to the second bathroom off the living room and cleaned up a bit, brushing his teeth and scraping his fingers through his hair. He’d cut it off three years ago, deciding short hair made him look less exotic. He lived in the human world now, not a werewolf pack, and he had to interact with humans on a daily basis, making them believe he was just like them. The long hair drew too much attention.
His stomach rumbled as he walked back into the bedroom. The bed was a wreck. They’d torn the sheets off it at one point and had a wickedly fun time trying to make love to Taylor while she insisted on putting the sheets back on. Finally they’d let her finish because she wouldn’t let either of them fuck her until it was done. Then they’d both had her. That had been the final time for the night. Her pussy was probably sore, though the healing properties of his cum would make her body recover quickly.
He grabbed a condom from the bedside table and sat down on the end of the bed, waiting.
Taylor’s cry echoed softly through the bathroom door and Mikhel felt the sound move through him. God, he loved it when she came. Even when he wasn’t the one making her scream.
It didn’t make sense. Werewolves were territorial animals. A dangerous combination of the monogamy of a wolf and the jealousy of a human. But for some reason, seeing Zach fuck Taylor didn’t make him as furious as he thought it should.
Maybe the strange possessiveness and competition he’d felt last night was gone now that he’d fucked her. Gotten it out of his system. He looked down at his cock, hard and waiting for Taylor’s appearance. Well, not completely out of his system.
The bathroom door opened and she appeared. Her cheeks were flushed and her hair was wet, hanging down in loose curls. She looked damp and a little stunned. A big white towel covered her from underarm to knee.
She saw him there and hesitated, almost shy.
“Good morning.”
“Morning, baby. How’re you feeling?”
She nodded and tried to look away but her eyes kept bouncing back to him. “Good.”
Confused, scattered, sexy. Hungry. The emotions and sensations conflicting in her body were almost too much for her to handle. She’d been trying to come to grips with what had happened last night, why it had happened, when Zach had climbed into the shower with her. It had only taken a few kisses and she remembered the why. These were two sexy, strong men and they wanted her.
Though Mikhel didn’t say anything, and there was a whole big room full of empty space, she found herself walking to him, needing to be near him. The strange desperate desire from the night before seemed to have eased but the hunger to be near him lingered.
He reached for her as she came close, drawing her between his legs. His fingers moved under hers and peeled back the sides of the towel, dropping it to the floor. She hadn’t dried off fully, wanting to give Zach a few minutes in the shower by himself. Water still clung to her skin but she was sure her internal heat would dry her off soon.
Mikhel stared at her, not touching her, just looking, his pleasure as obvious as his hard cock. Her pussy clenched in anticipation.
God, she felt so sexy just standing there, letting him look at her.
Mikhel leaned forward and placed a gentle kiss on the tip of her breast, making the tight point even harder. “Did Zach go down on you in the shower?” he asked as he kissed his way across her chest and greeted the other nipple with the same tempting caress.
She swallowed and felt her cheeks heating again. “Yes.”
“Did you come?”
She nodded but Mikhel raised his eyes, silently demanding an answer. She felt a dangerous shiver skate down her spine. This was how he’d looked at her last night while he was commanding her to her hands and knees, fucking her from behind.
“Yes, Mikhel.” The submissive tone came out so naturally.
“Did he fuck you?” Warning painted his voice and her body responded to it. She shook her head.
“No.”
His hand slid across her thigh and she spread her legs, giving him access to her pussy. His fingers pushed into her slit, skirting the edge of her clit, teasing it before sliding down and dipping into her opening.
“Are you too sore to take me?” he asked.
“No.” It was true. Her body ached and her pussy and clit were a little tender but nothing like what she would have expected. Not after how often they’d fucked her. Though she had to admit, long stretches of the night had been simply playing, hands on her body, lips on her breasts. Even some talking. She reached up and slid her fingers into his short hair. “Will you fuck me?” she asked. His eyes blazed, turning almost red before he blinked and the strange vision went away.
He picked up the condom that had been sitting on the bed and handed it to her. Sexual power flowed through her as she ripped open the package and knelt down, lapping her tongue across his cock, feeling the need to give it some oral attention. She swirled the tip of her tongue around the head but before she could take him inside, Mikhel’s hands stopped her.
“That’s too tempting, baby.” He looked pointedly at the condom and Taylor felt her lip bulge out in a pout. But she wanted to suck him. She wanted to feel that delicious rod in her mouth.
Later. She would have him later. She placed the condom on the tip of his penis and slowly rolled it down, stroking him as she covered him.
He helped her stand and pulled her close to lick and nip at her breasts. He liked to bite, she discovered. That was good because she’d also found she enjoyed the sensation—he was so gentle but the danger was there. A warning that he was controlling himself.
His hand cupped her ass and he lifted her. His strength surrounded her. He held her, pulling her to him until her legs curled around his back.
“Put me inside you,” he commanded, his mouth capturing hers, distracting her, tempting her. After long drugging kisses that made her spine melt he pulled his lips away from her skin, his eyes twinkling with pure male arrogance. But she knew how to make him ache. She reached between them and positioned the thick shaft to her opening, rubbing the round head across her pussy, wetting his skin and covering him with her scent. Teasing but not letting him into her. Mikhel held her ass in his hands, supporting her weight as she played, using his cock against her clit. “Careful, little one.” He nipped at her lower lip, the bite making her gasp. “Put me inside you.”
Deciding she’d pushed him far enough, she placed the tip of his shaft to her opening. Mikhel slowly lowered her onto his cock, groaning as he sank fully into her. He stretched her, making her realize she was a little more sore than she’d originally thought, but she wasn’t going to ask him to stop. She wanted this. Wanted this connection.
“That’s it, baby. That’s all we’ll do for a minute,” he said once she’d accepted his whole cock. She curled her arms around his neck and just held on, listening to her body as it adjusted to the delicious invasion. Her nipples ached, needing something. She rubbed them against his chest, groaning as the light caress turned into a shock of pleasure in her core.
Mikhel held her there, watching her face. Last night had been wild and sexual. This was intimate. He looked at her, holding her ass in his hands, occasionally rocking her hips to move him inside her. They shared kisses and whispers, and slow pulses when the need to fuck became too strong.
And when the climax came, she gasped and grabbed him, clinging to him as the one solid piece of her world.
“I’ve got you, baby. So sweet. Just let me…” His body tensed beneath hers and she knew he’d come as well.
Sated and mentally exhausted, she didn’t move. She stayed on top of him, arms and legs curled around him, her lips against his throat, licking his skin and capturing his taste in her body. Mikhel seemed disinclined to move as well.
They stayed bound together, enjoying the silence and the connection of each other’s bodies.
A knock on the bedroom door made her lift her head and realize she’d actually started to doze off.
“Come on, you two. Finish up.”
Mikhel lifted his head and growled. It was an animal’s snarl that startled Taylor. His hands tightened on her hips and for a moment she thought he would throw her to the ground and lunge at Zach.
Zach just laughed.
“Now don’t get crabby with me because you’re hungry.” As he said the words, Taylor’s stomach rumbled. “And she needs to eat.”
The wicked tension eased from Mikhel’s body and he loosened his grip on her, giving her a little space to move.
“We’ve got brunch reservations in fifteen. Get moving.” Zach left that command hanging in the air and backed out of the room.
Now that her stomach realized she was hungry, it decided to get very vocal.
Mikhel laughed. “He’s right. You do need to eat.” He lifted her off him and set her gently on her feet, not quite releasing her. “I’ll get cleaned up and we’ll go.”
He kissed her, his hands still moving across her body as if he was as reluctant to leave her as she was him.
“I’d better go before I’m tempted to have you again,” he said against her mouth, pulling himself away with obvious effort.
Taylor smiled as he disappeared into the bathroom. It was pretty heady stuff to imagine that she could inspire such desire in a man like that.
Zach appeared in the door, his eyes twinkling as they scanned her very naked body.
“You’re going to need to wear more clothes than that if you want to be fed.”
* * * * *
“Everyone’s staring,” Taylor whispered, not opening her teeth.
Zach laughed. “Of course they are. You’re gorgeous and we’re handsome devils, if I do say so myself.”
Not even Mikhel’s smile soothed her nerves.
“Are you sure the gift shop didn’t have something I could wear?”
“It’s closed,” Zach said casually. A little too casually. “It’s New Year’s Day.”
Well, there was no choice now. They were outside the restaurant.
“I look like an idiot.” She tugged on the pants that were stretched across her hips. Mikhel’s pants. She hadn’t thought to bring a change of clothes. She hadn’t expected to need it. Her gown was unwearable. Not completely ruined but it would take a better seamstress than her and more than five minutes to fix the straps that Mikhel had snapped last night.
So she and Zach had put together a mish-mash of clothes. Zach’s shirt, which thankfully hung down almost to her thighs. Mikhel’s trousers, tight across her ass and rolled up so they made very thick cuffs at her ankles. Her high heels made the finishing touch to her ridiculous outfit.
No bra and no underwear.
Mikhel had just smiled when she’d asked about her panties, fearing he’d left them on the floor of the ballroom. No, he promised he’d picked them up but he was keeping them as a prize.
“You look delicious,” Mikhel said, dropping his voice so only she could hear. “Good enough to eat.” As he spoke he put his hand on her ass and gave it a gentle squeeze, telling her that it wouldn’t take much for her to be the main course at his table. The hungry caress gave her the boost of confidence she needed to actually walk inside.
They entered the elegant dining room and the hostess immediately rushed to greet them. To give her credit, she didn’t flinch after seeing Taylor’s outfit. She simply led the three of them to a corner booth. Mikhel nudged Taylor’s hip, urging her to climb inside. Zach sat down on one side of her, Mikhel took up the space on the other. Both men sat close but she didn’t mind—after having them surrounding her for the past twelve hours, it was strange to not be touching one of them.
The waitress came up and offered them champagne, which they all accepted. Taylor didn’t know about the two guys but the champagne made her remember the night before—and Zach and Mikhel licking it off her skin. She sipped from her glass and looked at Mikhel. His eyes were hot and she knew he was sharing the same memory.
“I’m going to run up to the buffet,” Zach said, sliding out of the booth. “Honey, you want to go or you want me to get you something?”
She pressed the edges of her shirt together and sighed with relief. “If you would get me a plate, that would be great.” It wasn’t that she was embarrassed about last night but she wasn’t sure she wanted to show the world that she’d had her clothes stripped off her by two gorgeous men.
Mikhel stayed with her, turning his body toward her, effectively blocking out the rest of the room. They talked about mundane things but Taylor was having difficulty following the conversation. Maybe it was the way Mikhel looked at her, as if he truly had the intention of eating her. Every once in a while his eyes would appear to flash red. She knew it had to be a trick of the light but it was still fascinating. He toyed with a strand of her hair, twirling it around his finger, releasing it and repeating the process. His knee touched hers, rubbing occasionally as if reminding her he was near.
Zach returned with two plates overloaded with food. Mikhel kissed her and climbed out of the booth, leaving Zach to place the plate in front of her.
She looked at what he’d chosen and gasped. “Zach, there’s no way I can eat all this.” There were scrambled eggs and potatoes, bacon, sausage and ham, two little Danish things, a piece of chicken and some pasta salad.
“You never know. You expended a lot of energy last night.” He winked as he sat down.
Even knowing she should be polite and wait for Mikhel to return, the spicy aroma filled her until she couldn’t resist. She grabbed her fork and tried to take a dainty bite of egg. The flavor melted on her tongue and she groaned. It was so good. She grabbed a piece of sausage and bit into it and she almost came. The spicy meat exploded on her tongue and she shoved the rest of the link into her mouth. As she chewed and swallowed, she realized she was practically shoveling food in her mouth and looked up at Zach, wincing at her unladylike behavior.
He wasn’t appalled. He seemed pleased. He nodded and started to eat.
Conversation was light. Mainly focused on how delicious the food was. She couldn’t seem to get enough, fast enough. Even when Mikhel returned, they barely looked up. He didn’t seem to mind. He dug into his own plate, putting extra pieces of sausage onto Taylor’s plate.
Her upbringing told her to reject them, that surely she couldn’t eat any more but the meat was delicious and she wanted it. It was like her body was craving meat. She ate another piece of sausage, with her fingers, even. After it was gone, Mikhel leaned over and kissed her, slipping this tongue across her lips. God, he tasted good. Her nipples tingled and she squirmed, trying to ease the spike of need in her pussy. Mikhel raised his mouth for just a moment.
“You’re getting your scent all over my trousers.”
The thought of leaving her mark on his clothes sent a flood of moisture from her cunt. Mikhel growled, like he could sense the sudden rush and drove his tongue deep her into her mouth. The noises from the restaurant disappeared and the wicked hunger returned. She needed to fuck him. Now.
Underneath the table, Zach’s hand slid between her legs, cupping her mound, rubbing the rough material of her trousers against her clit. Releasing a soft cry, she pulled back from Mikhel’s mouth and looked at Zach. God, she could smell him. The delicious scent of meat and desire wafted toward her.
Her body started to move toward his, needing a taste, needing—
“Taylor!”
The sharp feminine cry jolted her from the lust-induced haze and she froze, pausing to evaluate the situation. She was in a public place with one man’s hand between her legs and the taste of another man on her lips.
It didn’t freak her out nearly as much as it should have.
She inhaled slowly through her nose—ignoring the hungry scents from the two men around her—and exhaled through her mouth, releasing some of the stress and trying to let go of some of the desire. It was still surging through her body but she wouldn’t rip out the throat of the one who’d interrupted her.
Taylor listened to her own thoughts. They were strange, almost violent, but seemed so natural. Weird. She looked up.
“Rebecca. Good morning.” Taylor forced a smile, knowing how this had to look. It had to be obvious what was going on and Rebecca was pretty observant. Rebecca stood in the aisle, an empty plate in her hand, as if she’d been in line at the buffet, seen Taylor and walked away.
“Glad to see you’re alive and well.” The words were casual but the tone wasn’t. Neither was the hard stare. “Did you get my message to call me?”
Taylor’s eyes widened and Mikhel drawled, “Oh right. Taylor, your friend Rebecca called.” He drilled Rebecca with a taunting stare. “I think she was worried about you.”
Taylor giggled—and she rarely giggled—hoping to ease some of the tension.
“Well, I’m fine.” She thought about it, did a quick inventory of her body and except for still being hungry and really wanting sex again, she felt good. Alive, ready to move. “I’m great. Great party last night, huh?”
“Yeah, we lost you at the end.”
“We ran out as soon as the champagne toast was done.” Taylor was quite proud of herself. She made it sound very casual. Not at all sordid or slutty. Zach’s hand slid away from her crotch but Mikhel didn’t move back. He wasn’t giving an inch. The almost scary red eyes were back.
Rebecca stared for a long time, directing her fierce gaze at Mikhel and Zach. Then back to Taylor. “I need to go to the ladies room.”
Drat, Taylor had to go with her. Had to get grilled on what happened. If she didn’t do it now, it would be worse later.
“I’ll join you.”
She tapped Mikhel’s hip, indicating that he should slide out. For a second he didn’t move except to look at her, almost offended that she’d asked him to move. Then he sighed and slid out, helping her from the booth and pulling her close.
“Your friend can’t pee by herself?”
“Be nice,” she hissed back in warning.
“Oh I am. Wait until you see me in a bad mood.”
She shivered. Something about the low sexual warning in his voice, and the prospect that she would get the chance to see him in other moods, made her knees weak.
“I’ll be right back.” She patted his chest like she was calming an upset animal and then nodded to Zach, silently asking him to keep Mikhel in check.
When all seemed well, she walked off with Rebecca. Again they didn’t make it to the bathroom, they barely made it out of the restaurant before Rebecca dragged her over to a corner and demanded to know what was going on.
“Nothing. Much.”
Rebecca didn’t believe that for a moment.
“Okay, so we went to the party.”
“I remember. I was there.”
“Yes. Well, did you know Mikhel and Zach own the hotel? Cool, huh? They have a suite here. So after the party, we went up there.” She smiled. “I was really glad because I hate driving on New Year’s Eve. Too many crazies on the road, you know?”
“I know. What happened? Why was mister tall, dark and cranky answering your phone this morning?”
“Because I was in the shower?”
Rebecca’s eyes tightened and Taylor sighed. This was probably best because she really needed to talk to someone about this. About this strange way she wanted both men. And she’d had both men. Repeatedly.
“Okay, here’s the deal. The three of us went to their suite and had sex. All night.”
“All three of you? Had sex?”
“Well, no.” Rebecca sighed like she was relieved. “I mean, they both had sex with me but not each other.”
“Taylor!” The shout stopped traffic in the hallway for a moment, long enough to grab everyone’s attention. Rebecca’s face morphed through an array of emotions, confusion, disgust, more confusion and finally settling on concern. “Are you okay?”
Her worry melted Taylor’s heart. That was the thing she loved about Rebecca. She didn’t judge. She just wanted to Taylor to be happy.
“I’m great. They are good guys.”
Rebecca nodded and Taylor knew she was still processing the information.
“Was the sex any good?”
“Oh my God.” She grabbed Rebecca’s hands. “I mean really, oh my God.”
“Wow. Well, I guess…uhm, good for you. Interesting way to start the New Year.”
“I know. I’m a little—”
A crash of plates inside the restaurant stopped her words. For a moment, Taylor thought to ignore it but another crash followed and she decided to investigate. With Rebecca trailing behind her, she hurried back inside. And saw Mikhel, leaning against the wall—with Chic’s neck in his hand. Chic was turning an unflattering shade of red.
Taylor ran down the aisle, stepping over the broken dishes, to stand beside Zach.
Zach wasn’t touching Mikhel, wasn’t trying to peel his hand off Chic’s throat, but he was talking to him.
“Let him go, Mikhel. People are watching.” Mikhel didn’t seem to hear him. “Come on, Mikhel, back off. Take control.” That seemed to have a special meaning between them and the tension in Mikhel’s muscles started to loosen. “That’s it. Put him down. He’s nothing to us. Taylor won’t even remember his name.”
With a final growl, Mikhel yanked his hand away and freed Chic. He wobbled and grasped his neck, gasping for breath.
“Get out of here before I let him have you,” Zach snarled, sending Chic into a stumbling run away. Zach placed his hand on Mikhel’s shoulder. “Come on, man, let’s get you out of here.”
Mikhel snapped his teeth like he was trying to bite off Zach’s hand but he moved away. Keeping his head down, he didn’t even speak to Taylor as he strode out of the restaurant.
“Is Mikhel okay?” Taylor asked when she found her voice.
Zach shrugged. “Mostly.”
“What happened?”
“Dick decided to introduce himself as the man who used to sleep with you. Mikhel didn’t like it.”
“Hmmm, I like him better already,” Rebecca said.
“We’d better go after him.” Zach put his hand at Taylor’s back. “I’ll have room service send up the rest of our breakfast.”
Taylor’s stomach rumbled in agreement. She’d already eaten half a pig but she was still hungry for more.
* * * * *
Mikhel paced around the sunken sitting area. This suite was too fucking small. He needed space. He needed to run.
He needed to fuck.
He sniffed the air and the sweet scent of Taylor’s cunt called to him. The effects of the serum in his cum that he’d pumped into her last night still lingered. Her body would take him. His wolf growled its approval.
Zach walked in, his hand casually resting on Taylor’s back as he whispered to her. No doubt explaining Mikhel’s strange behavior—at least as much as he could. The male touched his woman. Another, darker voice inserted itself. He would rip out his throat, dine on his blood.
A snarl, a warning erupted from his throat—the sound so loud it shocked him. And he saw both Zach and Taylor flinch. But he couldn’t control the beast. This wasn’t the wolf. This was the other. The were. Zach’s eyes tightened and then he took a step back, away from Taylor. That seemed to confuse her even more. No doubt she hoped Zach would protect her.
The small distance between them soothed the beast enough that Mikhel could again seize control. He had to get out of here. Before he did something crazy—like kill Zach and fuck Taylor. Not that fucking Taylor was so crazy—but the way he wanted to do it, hard, unrelenting. Until she screamed her acceptance, until she acknowledged his ownership of her.
Fuck, these weren’t the thoughts of a rational human and Mikhel was nothing if not rational. Last night not withstanding. And last night was an anomaly he wasn’t ready to accept. He’d fucked Taylor. Shared her. It was inconceivable. Pack law said the Alpha could fuck any female in his pack but he’d never heard of two males sharing a female.
But you aren’t in a pack, he reminded himself. So the rules were different.
He looked at Taylor and Zach and remembered Zach fucking her, his cock sliding in and out of that tight pussy.
He felt his eyes burn and knew they were glowing red. This wasn’t good.
“How you doin’?” Zach sounded cautious and slowly approached, leaving Taylor behind. Mikhel felt his teeth stretch as Zach drew near, the pulse in his neck throbbing, telling Mikhel exactly where to strike to cripple the male. He shook himself, trying to break free of the emotions that demanded he take Zach down.
He grabbed for his human side and clung to it.
“Mikhel?” Zach’s voice was close. Mikhel nodded and forced himself to meet Zach’s eyes. To look at his friend and remind himself that he wasn’t going to hurt him. “Holy shit. Your eyes—”
“I know. Something’s wrong. I don’t know if it’s the full moon or being so close to Taylor or what but I’m about to lose it.” He pressed his shoulders back, trying to ease the tension that clawed at him. “And you don’t want to be near when that happens.” It was as much warning as he could make himself give.
“Yeah, I can see that.”
“I’ve got to get out of here.” The room was closing in on him. Maybe if he ran, if he let his wolf free, he’d burn up some of the furious energy. “Can you make sure Taylor gets home?”
“Of course. Where are you going?”
“Uh, I don’t know.” But he did. “The lake property. I need to run. I can’t wait for the moonrise.” He took a deep breath and again the scent of Taylor flooded his head. “I’ve got to get away from her.” He patted Zach’s shoulder. “So you take her home, I’ll go to the lake house. That should be far enough away that not even the wolf can sense her.”
Zach nodded. “I’ll make sure she gets where she needs to be.”




Chapter Eight

Mikhel ran, letting the wolf lead. Letting the animal use his strength and power. They were safe here. The land once owned by his father’s pack was his now, his territory. He sniffed the ground, tracking a rabbit, scenting another wolf had come this way but it had been days ago.
For hours he used the wolf, burning off the strange fury that had consumed him at brunch. He’d been ready, eager to rip out the male’s throat.
He padded back toward the house. As he got closer, a tantalizing smell urged him on, like a pounding in his heart. The wolf loped forward, the pace increasing until he was at an all-out run.
The sheer strength of Mikhel’s will slowed the wolf as it approached the clearing that surrounded the house. The compulsion to hurry was so strong that Mikhel didn’t trust it. He sampled the air and surroundings with his wolf senses and found nothing out of place. The delicious scent was closer now. As well as the familiar smell of another wolf. His wolf catalogued the smell and dismissed it. It was a friend not a threat.
Needing all his mental capacity, Mikhel fought the pull of the moon and forced his body back into human form. Groaning as his muscles and bones stretched and contracted, returning to his human shape. Naked but dismissing the cold, he scanned the backyard. Moonlight stretched down across the clearing, brightening the cold winter night enough to show the outline of the deck that stood off the dining room. Lights glowed through the back windows. Mikhel watched for a long time. He didn’t remember leaving that many lights on. He hadn’t even gone into the living room but the lamps were lit and the flickers of light across the window showed a fire was burning in the fireplace.
Who…?
Had to be Zach. Mikhel took a deep breath, focusing his senses—still strong but not quite as precise now that he was back in human form. Zach was definitely in the house. But he wasn’t alone.
Taylor. The compelling perfume that had drawn him to the house, had lured him forward, was Taylor. The beast in him—the creature beyond the human and beyond the wolf—roared his possession.
His mate and his rival.
Mikhel’s legs carried him closer until he was near the back door. He blinked and looked around, not sure how he’d gotten there. He sniffed the air and growled. It wasn’t just Taylor he scented…it was her pussy. Wet and aroused.
He licked his lips, wanting to taste, to bury his face in her cunt, drive his tongue into her passage.
Zach’s voice—low and sexual—reached through the door and grabbed his throat. The scent of Taylor’s cunt and Zach. The bastard had his face between her legs, he was licking the pussy that belonged to him.
Rage exploded inside and his world shattered.
* * * * *
Taylor flinched at the animalistic scream, almost howl, that reverberated through the air. That sounded very close to the house. She looked at Zach, the wicked orgasm he’d just brought her to evaporating at the frightening noise.
“What was that?” she asked.
Zach raised his head, her pussy juices bright around his mouth. He stood, easing himself from between her legs, letting her long flowing skirt drop down and cover her knees.
“We get wild animals around here,” was all he said though he walked to the window and looked out. Anxiety invaded his body as he scanned the backyard.
“Can it get in?”
“You’re safe,” he answered instead. He’d been doing that all day. Giving her half answers, not explaining. And she’d gone along with it, partly because she trusted him and partly because she didn’t want to return to the real world. The real world where she had to face the fact that she’d slept with two men last night. And at least one of them seemed to be intent on repeating the procedure. Mikhel she didn’t know about. He’d disappeared.
“Where’s Mikhel?” she asked, sitting up. The heat from the fire warmed her skin, keeping the shivers that threatened at bay. “You said he’s meeting us here.”
“He should be here any moment.” Zach spun around and stared at her, the light in his eyes was hard and serious. Frightening. “Listen, you’re about to see some things that may seem impossible and they will definitely seem scary but know that neither of us will hurt you. This is something that Mikhel and I—”
He never got to finish his sentence. The side door exploded and a creature—the stuff of nightmares—came through. It was big, over seven feet tall, and steel gray. Long arms ended at human-like hands—with claws. The legs were bent like an animal’s but the creature walked upright. Its face was shaped like a wolf’s but there was something distinctly human in the eyes.
Taylor, not caring that she looked frightened, jumped behind Zach.
“What is that?”
“Oh shit.” Zach’s curse seemed out of place considering the beast that was advancing across the room. The creature opened its mouth and roared, rattling the windows and revealing a full set of huge, canine teeth. “I wasn’t expecting this.” He backed up, pushing Taylor with him.
While he seemed surprised at the beast’s arrival, he wasn’t shocked or stunned or any of the other things that Taylor was feeling. “What were you expecting?” She punched her fist into his side, letting her anger out. “What the fuck is that thing?” Hyperventilating seemed like a real possibility. Her heart was already pounding and tears—of anger and fear—were threatening.
The beast locked its eyes on her and started its halting stride toward her.
“You’d call it a werewolf.” Zach glanced over his shoulder at her then back at the beast. “You’d also call it Mikhel.”
“You want me to believe that’s Mikhel?”
“Yes.” He put his hand on her shoulder and shoved her away, pressing her toward the wall as he walked the other direction. “Just remember, Taylor, neither of us will hurt you.”
He was abandoning her, leaving her to face the beast. The werewolf came closer. Taylor backed up until she hit the wall and could go no farther. The creature bent down and sniffed, his head dropping down below her waist. She didn’t let herself move, not even breathe as his nose brushed against the material of her skirt. The creature raised his head and stared at her, the crystalline blue of Mikhel’s eyes looking back at her. This was truly Mikhel?
It snarled and swung around as if searching. Again the fearsome beast sniffed the air then turned his gaze to Zach. Zach stood in front of the windows, his body tense, prepared for battle. Did he really think to fight this thing? Even if it was Mikhel, it didn’t appear to have any human frailties.
The werewolf growled and stalked forward. Zach braced himself and then slowly began to change, his body stretching, his face elongating. The pale tan of his skin faded to gray as the same frightening creature took over his body.
“Oh my God.” Neither man, creature, looked at her. There was no hesitation now. As if Zach becoming a full werewolf had somehow freed Mikhel, he lunged forward, grabbing Zach and throwing him head first through the window. Taylor’s scream was drowned out by the sound of shattering glass and Zach’s howl. Mikhel strode toward the gaping hole in the back of the house and peered out. He howled and jumped, following Zach through.
Taylor stood frozen, alone in the house. What did she do now? Call the police? Hell no. How would she explain the two things that were fighting? Grunts and growls echoed through the opening and finally she couldn’t stand the suspense any more.
Zach had been right. Neither creature had hurt her though Mikhel had had more than enough opportunity. She ran to the window and looked out. The two werewolves were on the back lawn, fighting in the bright light of the full moon. This far away she had no way of knowing who was who. One of the creatures, slightly bigger than the other, slashed his claws down and ripped four stripes in the other’s chest. Taylor screamed as blood flowed but neither creature noticed.
She ran through the living room and out the broken side door. Glass crunched beneath her shoes as she approached the two werewolves. The fight was vicious, leaving blood dripping from wounds.
It was like mirror images fighting each other. But one of them seemed to be just a little stronger. Enough that when the other weakened, tripping backward, the bigger animal capitalized on the stumble and lunged, grabbing the smaller creature by the throat and throwing him down, pinning him. He tipped his head back and howled, the sound clearly a challenge to the world. Then his eyes dropped and he stared at the beast beneath him. Blood dripped from his jaw as he opened his mouth and roared.
Taylor froze, watching, knowing one of them was going to die. The werewolf on the ground snarled but didn’t move. Long breathless moments passed then the bottom werewolf tipped its head back, baring his throat, rolling onto his back. A surrender.
The creature on top lowered his head as if he wasn’t sure whether to accept the surrender or continue killing the rival beast. He sniffed and growled then slowly backed away—leaving the wounded werewolf behind.
Taylor watched the insane tableau before her. Two creatures from the pages of a horror novel. Then one changed. The process reversed. The skin lost its metal gray color and the body shrunk, collapsing down into Zach. His blond hair glowed in the dark. Mikhel’s beast reared back and screamed.
The sound died in the air and he ran, loping off into the forest, crashing through the trees with little care about the noise or damage he caused.
Taylor stayed frozen for a moment until her concern over Zach jolted her forward. She ran to his side, kneeling next to his wounded body. His eyes were glassy with pain as he looked up at her.
“Oh my God, Zach, are you okay? How badly are you hurt? I’ll call an ambulance.”
“No. I’ll be fine.”
“Zach, he almost killed you.”
Zach smiled. It was a strange reaction to the near-death experience. “But he didn’t.” Wincing, he lifted his head and looked around. “Where is he?”
“He ran off.”
“Damn. You’ve got to go after him.”
Taylor rocked back on her heels. “Are you crazy?”
“No.” More wincing as he sat up. “Follow him. He needs you.”
“That thing—”
“That thing is Mikhel. A very upset Mikhel but still it’s Mikhel.”
She felt a little shamed at his reprimand.
“Zach—”
“Trust me, Taylor.” He put his hand to her cheek and she saw the blood running down his arm. “He’s never turned into the were form before.”
“You mean that thing?”
“Yes. Normally we turn into nice, relatively gentle wolves. The fact that he’s changed into the third form means his emotions are running way high. I’m not sure he’ll know how to come back.”
“And you want me to go after him.”
“Seeing you will remind him what he wants, that he’s human. Trust me, honey, if Mikhel didn’t attack you in the house, he won’t.”
She felt the edges of her eyes tighten, silently demanding the rest of the story.
“You had my scent all over you. I knew that would make him challenge me.”
“You knew that would happen?” She thrust herself up, no longer feeling quite so sympathetic toward Zach.
“I expected him in his wolf form. I didn’t expect that.” He pointed in the direction Mikhel had run and she remembered Zach’s surprise when the werewolf had attacked. He’d definitely been expecting something but what he’d gotten wasn’t it.
Now Mikhel was in the forest, alone, trapped inside that thing. She couldn’t believe she was even considering it. The thing was a killer—except it hadn’t killed Zach when he’d had the chance.
“Fine. But if it hurts me, I’m coming after you.”
“If it hurts you, Mikhel himself will kill me.”
She glared at Zach, not liking the amusement in his voice. “Will you be all right?”
He nodded. “We heal very quickly. I’ll go get cleaned up.” That’s when she realized he was naked. His clothes were probably lying on the floor of the living room. “Go.”
Taylor took a deep breath and faced the forest. It was dark but the light of the full moon gave her guidance. She walked down the path that Mikhel had crashed through, her steps moving a little faster as she left the safety of the backyard. She didn’t know if Mikhel was any safer but being in the woods at night by herself was definitely creepy. The path seemed relatively well established and newly broken branches led her toward Mikhel.
He wasn’t hard to find. She followed the path to a small clearing. The beast paced the tiny area, his strong body nearly vibrating with rage. Oh she wasn’t sure about this. Zach’s statement that this was Mikhel reverberated through her and she stepped forward. Her foot cracked a twig and the beast spun around, starting at her.
She raised her hand and waved to it. “Hi!” God, can you be more inane?
The werewolf’s head dropped down as his shoulders rose as if he were preparing to attack.
“Mikhel?” she called, trying to keep her voice from trembling. “Are you in there, Mikhel?” She went a few more feet into the clearing and stopped. The thing hadn’t moved but it was looking at her like it wanted to eat her.
He walked slowly across the small clearing, his clawed hands reaching out toward her. She braced herself for the ripping and the tearing, knowing she couldn’t move. Couldn’t run even if her mind told her that was the best idea. His fingers closed around her upper arms and he pulled her close, the long snout of the creature moving closer, giving her an up-close view of the many teeth, sharp teeth, that lined his jaw.
The werewolf’s mouth opened and his tongue came out, stroking up the line of her throat, rough and hot. He growled but this time the sound was different—not threatening, not warning. Sexual. She glanced down and saw the beast was aroused. His cock was huge, probably twice the size of Mikhel’s and he’d been big to begin with.
No way she was fucking that thing. She was willing to do a lot to save Mikhel but fucking this creature wasn’t it.
He stared at her, his head tilting to the side as if he didn’t recognize her. Then his body began to shift, following the same path that Zach had when he’d reverted to his human form. His bones crackled and snapped as he shrank, turning back into the man she knew…and maybe loved? Was it possible? Oh good. More confusion for me to deal with. That was something she would face later. Now, she was just glad that Mikhel was back.
Except he wasn’t fully back. The body was Mikhel’s but the eyes weren’t quite right. The color remained the brilliant blue but there was no humanity in them. The werewolf was still in control. And he still wanted her.
She took a step back but Mikhel shook his head, low and slow, warning her not to run. It took all her strength not to spin around and race for the pathway but she knew she’d never make it. Mikhel would be on her.
Mikhel. That’s right, this was Mikhel.
“Mikhel—” And she realized she didn’t know what else to say. “Uh, let’s talk about this.” He stepped forward, again reaching out and grabbing her, this time pulling her against his naked body. The motions were strong but a little awkward as if he wasn’t quite comfortable in his own body. He pulled her up and covered her mouth with his. Their lips touched and Mikhel froze—for just a moment, then he drove his tongue into her mouth, commanding and controlling the kiss.
Taylor wanted to hate it, wanted to be afraid but it was Mikhel, the taste and the body. And even the power. She remembered his strength last night, the way he’d commanded her and dominated their lovemaking.
Zach was right. Mikhel was inside this beast and she just had to free him. Not sure if it was the right thing or not but deciding she needed to do something, she kissed him back. Moaning when he sucked her tongue into his mouth. She smoothed her hands up his arms, curling them around his neck, holding him. Her body moved by instinct, cuddling closer, letting his hard cock slide between her legs. The silky material of her skirt blocked any direct contact but the heat that flowed off him was incredible.
And then it was ripped from her grasp.
Mikhel threw himself backward, thrusting her away. Needing to get away from her. His breathing was labored and the strength of his muscles had turned to tension, binding him. He glared across the clearing. The anger of the beast still raged inside him. God, she smelled sweet. The lovely scent of her pussy blended with the dark forest air and settled in his groin, squeezing his cock like a fist. He was hard and so ready to fuck.
Taylor advanced toward him but he backed up. “Stay back.”
“Why?”
“I don’t have full control of that thing.” He shook his head. It was the truth. The beast was clawing at his insides, demanding his satisfaction. Demanding that he fuck his mate, drive his cock into her cunt over and over again until she shook with need, to come inside her.
He couldn’t do that. He’d never come inside a woman, had never minded the absolute need to wear a condom. But now he wanted to feel her pussy against his naked cock and pour his cum into her.
“Mikhel, it’s okay.”
Again he shook his head. It wasn’t okay. She didn’t understand. But she also didn’t back away. She kept coming, moving slowly like a woman approaching a wild animal. Maybe she understood better than he thought. As she got closer, the scent of her arousal almost overwhelmed him—tempered by the faint traces of Zach on her skin. The beast inside him growled. Zach had licked her, maybe fucked her.
Mikhel felt his body moving but had little control as he grabbed Taylor and pulled her against him. The need to claim, to taste, to dominate surged through his veins. The kiss was brutal but he couldn’t stop himself and when he found the strength to raise his head, to beat the demon back long enough to let Taylor escape, her lips were pink and swollen. She licked her lower lip and leaned in, gentling him with a sweet kiss. The action soothed the creature’s anger but did nothing to quell the desire. He had to have her.
She kissed her way down his jaw, letting her teeth scrape against his throat. The dainty bite made his cock twitch and his hands tightened on her. He immediately tried to ease his hold, not wanting to hurt her.
“It’s okay.” Her voice was a comforting caress along his skin.
“It’s not, baby,” he said, trying to find the words. “God, just being around you.” The muscles in his neck tightened, pulling his head up and back. His teeth felt too big for his mouth. “All I can think of is throwing you down and mounting you like an animal.” His hand tightened in her hair, dragging her head back, baring her throat. She willingly moved, offering him her neck. She didn’t know, couldn’t know, what that small action signified. She was baring herself, submitting to him.
The were came to life again. Mikhel bent down and nipped her throat, a shade harder than he’d wanted. But it wasn’t enough. He needed to drive his teeth into her. The frantic need to take her consumed him. He bit down on her skin, knowing he was leaving a mark but unable to stop himself.
Her cry joined the night birds singing. Mikhel spun her around, trying to control himself enough to not hurt her. He held her to him, struggling to subdue the beast. Her ass pressed against his groin and she wiggled. Just a tiny movement but the roaring in his head exploded.
He took her to the ground—part of his mind fighting to make sure she wasn’t hurt, but the rest was focused on one thing. Getting inside her. Fucking her. He flipped the long fluffy material of her skirt out of the way, leaving her bare ass in the moonlight. Round and tight. Perfect. He kneed her legs apart and placed his cock to her opening, driving deep in one hard thrust.
She cried out but he recognized the sound—pleasure. She leaned forward, pushing her ass higher, letting him go a little deeper.
“That’s it, little wolf. Give yourself to me.” The words fell from his lips. He reared his hips back and plunged into her, feeling that sweet cunt open to him, squeeze him as he filled her. The sensation clouded his eyes, turning the world black and white as the were fought to reclaim his power. Almost a rider in his own mind, Mikhel felt his body moving on hers, hard and deep, relentless, pounding into her. The only thing that kept his panic at bay was the slick grip of her pussy and her seductive groans of pleasure, pleas for more. She took him, all of him, and begged for more.
The were howled its pleasure. The mate was worthy of him. Mikhel felt his teeth extending and the sleek line of her shoulder called to him. Distant, human voices screamed for him to pull back but the were and the instinct to claim her were too much. He bent down, his hips still pistoning inside her. He opened his mouth and bit down, sinking his canines into her shoulder.
Her body shuddered beneath his, her pussy contracting around his cock. The were beast howled as his mate came and thrust deep, and again, trying to draw out her pleasure before he released, hot and long inside her.
* * * * *
Taylor came back to herself with two realizations—she was lying on the forest floor…and she’d just been fucked by a werewolf. There was no other way to say it. The creature, beast, whatever she called it, had fucked her, hard. She blushed at the memory. Even though it had been Mikhel’s body, the other creature had been in control. The harsh grunts and growls as he’d pounded himself into her had been exciting and strange.
She took a deep breath, letting her mind adjust to everything that had happened in the past twenty-four hours. She’d had sex with two men and then learned they were werewolves. Wow, this is starting off to be a very strange year.
She opened her eyes and looked at her surroundings. The moss of the forest floor pillowed her head and the warm earthy scent of the soil filled her nostrils. Mikhel’s body was behind her, warming her, his face buried in her hair. His cock was still inside her, still hard. He wasn’t thrusting but slow random pulses reminded her that he filled her. His hand cupped her pussy, claiming her.
He slid a finger into her slit and teased her clit. Her groan shattered the almost silence of the forest.
“Am I hurting you?”
She shook her head because it was true. Though her body should have been worn out and overused, she still ached for more. It didn’t seem possible—she’d been fucked five ways to Sunday last night and tonight but she wanted more. Wanted to feel that strong powerful body on hers, coming inside her.
“Let me know if it gets too much,” he said, his voice surprisingly gentle. “I just need to be inside you.” He followed the statement with a harder, deeper thrust.
“Yes.” She pressed her hips back, giving him the access that he wanted. Still they didn’t move to truly fuck. They just stayed locked together.
The presence of the other creature was gone and all that remained was Mikhel.
She smoothed her fingers over the back of his hand. “Does that thing show up very often?” The question seemed a little out of place but she wanted to know. If she was going to be hanging around these guys—and something told her that she was—she deserved to know what to expect.
“The were? No. Never.”
She glanced over her shoulder at him.
“Okay, almost never. I mean I’m almost thirty and this is the first time it’s ever shown up.” He continued to touch her but she could tell he was lost in his own thoughts. “We all have it but only something powerful can draw it out. Usually we just turn into our wolf form. Never the were.”
“What caused it tonight?”
She felt him shake his head. “The full moon. You. Smelling your pussy juices on Zach.”
They both froze. “Zach.”
“Oh shit.” Mikhel eased himself away from her, sliding his cock from her passage and rolling onto his back. “Zach.” He rubbed his fingers across his forehead like he was trying to encourage the memories to return. “Did I hurt him?”
“He was kind of scraped up but he seemed okay when he sent me in here.”
The edges of Mikhel’s eyes tightened and the look of concern and sympathy changed to anger. “He sent you after me?”
“Yeah.”
“Fuck, what was he thinking?” He jumped up. “What the fuck was he thinking?” He held out his hand. “Come on. Let’s go have a chat with that boy.”




Chapter Nine

She followed Mikhel through the forest. He was completely naked but she still wore the skirt and blouse she’d put on for dinner with Zach. The beast—the were—hadn’t torn her clothes off. He’d just pulled the skirt out of the way. His sole purpose had been getting to her pussy. A little shiver raced down her spine and settled in her sex as she remembered the power and energy, the pure desire that had erupted from the were. He’d been solely focused on fucking.
Heat pulsed through her veins as she walked, each step seeming to make the need worse. The tight muscles of Mikhel’s ass as he led the way made her palms itch to hold them, to squeeze them as he was above her, pumping inside her. Oh yes, that was what she wanted.
The house came into view. She looked at the back window—or the gaping hole where the back window used to be. And down to the lawn. Glass created weak reflections on the grass. Mikhel had done some serious damage to the house. Thankfully Zach seemed to come out of it relatively unharmed.
As she thought of him, Zach appeared on the back deck. The sight of the house tempered the desire that flooded her system but seeing Zach dressed and looking so sexy made the need rebound.
She stared at him. So delicious. So different from Mikhel—long and sleek, where Mikhel was strong and powerful. Her pussy throbbed.
What was wrong with her? All she could think about was sex, fucking these two men. One in her mouth, the other filling her pussy, taking her over and over again.
“What the fuck were you thinking?” Mikhel demanded as he stalked up the deck stairs. He didn’t seem to care that he was naked and Zach was dressed. Taylor stayed back, watching the two men. Trying to follow the conversation but the desire was growing by leaps and bounds, as if her body craved more now that both Zach and Mikhel were near.
“I did what needed to be done.” Zach’s voice was firm, rock solid.
“I came inside her.” Mikhel waved his arm toward her. “Is that what you wanted? I came inside her.”
He said it with such intensity Taylor knew it was significant. Did he have a disease or was he thinking she’d get pregnant? She was on the pill but the disease thing…she should have been more cautious but when a seven-foot beast is stalking you and only seemed soothed by the thought of fucking you, a little thing like a condom faded in significance.
But Zach didn’t seem surprised or worried about Mikhel’s announcement. He just nodded as if that was what he’d expected.
What the hell is going on? It was a question she imagined asking a lot in the next day or so.
“Did you think about what you were doing?” Mikhel demanded. Violence shimmered between the two men, so strong Taylor could feel it. The energy vibrated in her body and sent the hairs on the back of her neck straight up. Her nipples, already hard, tightened painfully and it was all she could do not to grab herself and pinch the tight peaks. “You bared your throat and your belly. You want to be my sub? Because right now, all I can think of is making you bow to me.”
“Good.”
“What?”
“It was time. You’ve been running for five years.” Zach seemed to be warming up to his topic. “We’re pack animals. As much as we live in the human world, as much as you’d like to deny it, we’re made to live in a pack. This lone wolf bullshit we’ve been living isn’t cutting it. You were made to lead a pack.”
“That wasn’t your decision to make. And you sure as hell shouldn’t have dragged Taylor into this.” Mikhel stalked forward, putting his face two inches from Zach’s. She could see Zach’s tension, his desire to back down but he kept his eyes trained on Mikhel. “You set me up. You manipulated me. And Taylor. But you screwed yourself. As leader of this pack, I can order you to stay away from her. You’d never see her, let alone fuck her again. Did you think about that? All you’d know was that I was mounting her night after night. Coming inside her.”
Taylor’s knees weakened as her pussy pulsed, the images created by Mikhel’s words a vicious caress to her cunt.
“You’ll have to kill me to keep me from her.”
Zach’s low, soft words caused the violence to bubble to the surface. Mikhel’s shoulders tensed and rolled up, back, his strength gathering.
And something inside Taylor snapped.
“That’s it! Stop, back up.”
Both men froze in position then slowly turned. The full weight of their stares didn’t faze her a bit. The sexual need that flowed through her changed to pure power, confidence.
She strode up the two steps to meet the guys on the same level, standing between them.
“Both of you, back up.” For a moment they didn’t move then they each took one step away. “The last twenty-four hours of my life have been all out, over the top fucking weird and I’m not going to cap off the day by cleaning up a bloody battle between two pissy werewolves. You—” She jabbed her finger at Mikhel. “You don’t own me. You don’t make decisions for me. And while I admit I don’t understand half of what is going on here, I’m not going to just roll over and play dead. This is my life and I’m involved in it.”
Mikhel’s eyes tightened to a squint. “What happened to the submissive woman we fucked last night?”
“Yeah well, I’ve discovered I like being dominated during sex, but that doesn’t extend to the rest of my life.”
Zach laughed and Taylor directed her glare to him. The smile disappeared from his face.
“And you—you set this up. Mikhel’s right. You manipulated both of us.”
“I was—”
“Zzzt!” She cut off his explanation. She didn’t want to hear it. She wasn’t sure she could listen to it. Not now. Being so close to both men had multiplied the desire and it was difficult to focus. It was like she could smell their need for her. And her body responded, clamoring for those hard, hot cocks moving in her. She suppressed a groan and tried to maintain her anger. “I don’t want to hear it. Not now.” Her legs trembled and she grabbed Zach’s shirt, holding herself upright. “Damn, I’m hungry.”
The two men looked at each other.
“I’ve got some steaks in the fridge,” Zach said, starting to back away. Her fingers tightened on his shirt, dragging him forward.
“I wasn’t talking about food.” She used her grip to pull him close, stretching up to reach his mouth and covering his lips with hers. Last night, she’d been commanded, controlled, dominated by these two men but tonight the power flowed through her. She would take it. Seize it.
She pulled back from the kiss, leaving Zach hungry for more, and turned, directing her commanding stare to Mikhel. He watched, his mouth open, his eyes trained on her lips.
“Come,” she commanded, holding out her hand. He hesitated, as if to tell her he only responded because he wanted to. But after a breathless moment, he took the one step and was there, his mouth on hers. Taylor couldn’t resist, couldn’t take a slow gentle stroke. She wanted more. She wrapped her hand around his neck and pulled him to her. Zach kissed her throat, reminding her that her other lover was there, still waiting, still hungry. Her pussy clenched. Yes, this was what she needed.
She drove her tongue into Mikhel’s mouth, feeling his shock, his surprise but also the power that surged through her body. They were males, here to pleasure her. Come inside her.
Yes, perfect.
She swirled her tongue through Mikhel’s mouth, capturing his taste and then drawing back when she knew he wanted more. She danced her tongue away from his as he fought to take control.
Instead, she scraped her teeth across his lower lip, biting, just a shade too hard, leaving a mark.
Mikhel’s hand tightened on her hip and he growled.
But Taylor wouldn’t be swayed. Last night had been different but tonight, tonight she was in charge.
She pushed Mikhel back and snarled at him, warning him to back away. The red lights flickered in his eyes but she wasn’t afraid of them.
She snapped her head back and stared down at the naked form of her mate. His cock stood tall and hard, so ready to fuck her. Something inside her wanted to torment him, just a little, tempt him with what he wanted.
She pressed her hand down on his shoulder, urging him to kneel before her. “Lick my pussy,” she commanded. The lights flared in his gaze but after a moment’s hesitation—enough to tell her to worry about the man she’d commanded—he sank to the ground. His eyes held hers. His hands pushed up the long skirt and moments later, his mouth, his lips, were hot and hard on her sex.
Nothing like Zach—who teased and tempted. Mikhel fucked with his mouth, taking control, commanding her flesh to flow with hot sensual moisture. He drove his tongue into her passage, warning her that she would feel his cock, before he took a moment to lap at her clit.
A low growl penetrated the seductive fog that surrounded her and she looked up. Zach watched, his eyes trained on the space between her legs. Knowing he was watching, she dragged the tail ends of her skirt out of the way, revealing the sight of Mikhel eating her pussy.
Zach’s lips pulled back and she could see the long incisors of the werewolf. But she felt no danger.
“Come here,” she commanded, widening her stance to give Mikhel better access. He took advantage driving his tongue into her pussy. She couldn’t stop the groan and held Mikhel’s head in place, silently demanding more. Zach came close and she grabbed him, taking him for another deep kiss, clawing at his shirt, needing his skin, his flesh, his cock. Buttons popped and faded away. Material tore but she didn’t care. She needed his cock. Needed him.
Her hands—almost out of her control—tugged on the strong rivets of his jeans. His cock was just behind those points. Mikhel thrust his tongue up, driving deep inside her. She cried out, her fingers pulling Mikhel’s hair. Her other hand pulling, tearing at the material that covered the shaft she needed.
Ripped denim appeared in her hand and she tossed it aside. It was nothing. She needed Zach. Hot and hard. For her.
She curled her hand fingers around him, rolling her pussy against Mikhel’s tongue. Her hand slid up and down Zach’s beautiful cock. Hmmm, she wanted it inside her. Wanted it filling her. Fucking her. The dual attack on her senses was too much. Mikhel moved his lips to her clit, sucking, his tongue teasing one side with delicious strokes. She was close to coming. He was going to make her come.
“No!” She shoved Mikhel away. The startled, irritated look in his eye made her smile. She was in control. Her pussy juice coated his lips. “I want to fuck.” He stared at her for a long time and she thought he might refuse. He could easily overwhelm her and he didn’t like being denied but then he lowered his eyes. The movement could have appeared submissive but she knew better. He was giving her control, permitting her to take the lead.
The power from his acquiescence rolled through her cunt.
She turned to Zach, her body, her pussy, zeroed in on the hot, hard cock that waited for her. She looked at the male she would mount.
“You.” She looked at Zach. “Lie down.” There was a moment’s hesitation, like he was asking Mikhel for permission but then he was down, flat on his back, the hard deck beneath him. She remembered his jeans disappearing but somehow he’d lost his shirt as well. Strong sleek muscles crossed his chest and she wanted her hands on them, her claws scratching them.
The fact that she was thinking of “claws” as a personal feature should have slowed her but nothing could penetrate the viscous need. She licked her lips, imagining his taste. That strong, gorgeous body was hers to play with. With a gentle tug on Mikhel’s hair she pulled him back, leaning down to place a kiss on his mouth, tasting her pussy juices as she flicked her tongue over his lips. He tried to capture her for a deeper kiss but she teased him with a soft laugh and turned away.
She stepped over Zach’s body, stretched out, his cock long and stiff. Straddling his hips, she sank down to her knees, letting her wet pussy brush against his skin. He hissed and pumped up, trying to drive his shaft into her. Laughter teased her throat. Yes, so delicious. She placed her hand on his chest and slowly dragged her nails down, leaving pale pink streaks across his skin.
His lips pulled back in a silent growl but he didn’t move. Leaning forward, the need to mark him so strong, she opened her teeth on the smooth, tight skin just above his heart and bit, harder than she could have imagined but knowing he could take it, that he would love it. He groaned and grabbed her hips, rubbing his cock along her slit, silently begging for entrance.
His taste lingering on her lips, she sat up and pushed her skirt out of the way, cupping his shaft in her hand and placing the tip to her entrance.
“Is this what you want?” The fingernails of her free hand bit gently into his side, holding him as she teased the head of his cock to her opening.
“Yes, mistress.” It was more groan than spoken word and the inherent submission in his words made her pussy clench with need. She would fuck him, ride him, give him what he wanted and take what she needed. She swirled the tip of his cock around her clit, enjoying the wicked tingle through her pussy and loving the powerful groan that poured from Zach.
“Oh poor baby. You definitely need my pussy, don’t you?”
“Yes, mistress, please.”
She chuckled softly. “Since you asked so nicely.” She guided him to her entrance and slowly pushed down, letting him fill her, stretch her. Hot hands slid around her waist as Mikhel’s hard body pressed against her back.
“That’s it, baby. Fuck him.” His hands moved to her blouse, tearing open the buttons, baring her breasts. At Zach’s request, she’d forgone a bra and shivered as the cold night air rushed against her skin. Her nipples were already hard and she moaned as Mikhel’s hands covered her breasts, teasing the tight peaks with almost painful pinches. “Let him come inside you.”
Timed to Mikhel’s caresses, she began to move, slow pulses of her hips, more rolling back and forth than fucking Zach. It was subtle and delicious, pressing his cock deep inside her. Zach’s hands moved to her thighs, squeezing and touching, rising to hold her hips, guiding her a little deeper, making her strokes a little longer.
She got lost in the pleasure. Mikhel’s hips pressed against hers, the hard line of his cock rubbing her ass as he moved with her. He tugged her skirt away. Material ripping rent the air and her skirt was gone, leaving her naked with her males. Perfect. Under Mikhel’s guidance, she leaned forward, taking her weight onto her hands.
His hand slid down, fingers slipping into the crack in her ass, dipping into her tight rear hole.
“One day I’m going to fuck you here.” He teased the opening just enough to make her hips rock harder. “Zach will be filling that hot pussy of yours and I’ll sink my dick into this sweet hole.”
The image roared through her head and she couldn’t stop her groan or the hard pump of her ass, back against his whisper caress. “Yes.”
“Soon, baby. You’re too small right now. I’d hurt you but I’ll take you there. You’ll feel both of us inside you.”
The beast inside her came to life, triggering the need to come. She gripped the wood floor and began to fuck Zach, moving hard and fast now, letting his cock almost escape her before jamming him back into her. Four hands touched and stroked her body. Zach’s lips reached for hers. Mikhel nipped her spine. Sensory overload threatened. It was all too much, too wonderful. The angle of her body pressed Zach’s cock against her clit every time she fucked down on him.
She rode him hard—the strain in his body translating into frantic thrusts of his hips, the tight clutch of his hands on her ass. She was close to coming but she wanted him to release inside her.
Her hips moved faster, short shallow pumps. Zach’s eyes glowed bright red and his body convulsed, driving him deep into her pussy, his hot cum pulsing into her. The final stroke ignited her own climax. She cried out as the orgasm shattered her, draining the strength from her body. She fell forward, Mikhel’s hands catching her and easing her to the deck.
Mikhel stared down at the wrecked, sated woman beside him and the equally satisfied male on her other side. Zach’s cum leaked from between her legs, marking her skin. The scent of the male was all over her but strangely Mikhel didn’t feel the were rising inside him. She’d come so hard. So beautiful.
Even now she reached her hand up to stroke his neck and he knew that if he rolled her onto her back, she’d willingly spread her legs and take him inside her. His scent still clung to her, the bite mark on her throat belonged to him. She belonged to him.
His cock twitched at the thought of mounting her again but he made no move to fuck her. She was tired and had to be sore. They’d used her hard last night and between the were and Zach, she was going to ache tomorrow. For now he was content to hold her.
He still didn’t understand why Zach had done what he’d done, why he’d put them all into this position, but tomorrow would be soon enough to face it. Tonight, he just wanted to enjoy touching his mate.
His mate.
There was no denying the wolf’s claim on her. And the human, for six months he’d shown no interest in any other woman. Since the moment she entered his shop, neither he nor Zach had been on a date. Mikhel knew that Zach had had offers. His coffee shop was a veritable hunting ground for sexy women but he’d abstained. Just like Mikhel.
Hmmm.
He must have made the noise out loud because Taylor looked up at him, her mouth curling in a tired, sexy smile. Her hand slipped down his chest and lower, curling wrapping around his erection and stroking him.
“We need to take care of you,” she said, though the loving amusement in her voice told him she didn’t find that a chore.
He gently eased her hand away, his body recognizing the chill in the air. Damn, it was cold out here.
“Later. I’ll give you a moment to rest.” He pushed himself to his feet and reached down to help her stand. She wobbled a bit so he picked her up, liking her weight in his hands. Her arms curled around his chest and she snuggled her face into his neck, licking his throat like a puppy comforting itself, knowing that the big dog was nearby.
Taylor turned her chest into his and rubbed her breasts against him, the tight points of her nipples stroking him. She groaned and her spine rolled, pushing her harder against him. The beast—so new and hungry inside her—was going to awaken soon and would want more of her pleasure.
Mikhel started toward door, wincing as he saw the damage to the window at the back of the house. They were going to have to fix that.
He’d really done a number on Zach but he didn’t seem to be the worse for wear. The were beasts were remarkably resilient.
He looked back. Zach sat on the deck, his head down, his elbows resting on raised knees. He looked alone, almost broken. And Mikhel knew why. He’d taken Taylor away. Zach knew that Mikhel wasn’t going to give up Taylor. Not unless she demanded it and he was going to do his best to make sure she never wanted to leave him.
But did that mean that Mikhel had to lose Zach? They’d been friends since the first grade. They’d been through everything together. Zach was the only one in the city who understood him. Was he going to have to give that up to be with Taylor?
His overwhelmed mind rejected the idea and Mikhel knew he couldn’t deal with it now. Not tonight.
“Zach, man, you coming?” He shifted Taylor in his arms. “I think she’s going to need both of us.” Taylor lifted her head and smiled up at him, her eyes shining with pleasure—pure and otherwise. She looked back and nodded, holding out her hand and calling Zach forward.
He didn’t even hesitate. He stood and walked over to them, taking Taylor’s hand and kissing her lips. She smiled and then rested her head on Mikhel’s shoulder, giving him silent permission to carry her away.
Zach followed them as they entered the house. A sense of rightness—though he knew it was wrong—filled Mikhel as he took Taylor into the back bedroom.
* * * * *
“Yes, but really that was not my fault. Who knew my brother kept his porn collection locked in that trunk?”
Taylor laughed, watching Zach’s cheeks turn red.
“The church pastor was quite solemn when he showed up at Zach’s house to talk to his parents about their son’s choice of reading material,” Mikhel added. “And why he thought it would make a good donation to the church bazaar.”
Laughter filled the room and Taylor reveled in the sound. For a few minutes last night—on several separate occasions—she’d felt like she was in a war zone, negotiating between rival nations. She had no illusions that things were settled but they’d calmed.
Of course, extreme sexual exhaustion had a way of diffusing a situation. She didn’t know about the guys but she couldn’t have roused the energy for a really good rage right now. She was totally relaxed and comfortable. Resting back against Mikhel’s chest, she was bare to the waist. Her guys wouldn’t let her drag the sheet higher than her bellybutton. They wanted clear easy access to touch and watch. Not that that stopped their hands from slipping beneath the sheet and caressing her pussy but she’d made it clear she wasn’t ready for more sex.
She was tired and the strange desperate need to fuck had faded. Just touching her men was enough. Talking, telling stories. They’d known each other a long time but she didn’t feel left out.
Zach lay on his side, facing her. His fingers stroking the back of her hand. It wasn’t sexual or teasing. And she came to the conclusion he just liked to touch her. That was fine with her.
Her mouth watered and she had a sudden craving.
“You know, I’m really hungry.”
Mikhel’s fingers tightened on her hip. Zach’s eyebrows popped up and his hand skipped over to her waist, sliding under the sheet.
“For food,” she clarified, covering his hand with hers and stopping his downward progression.
He looked at her for a long moment then nodded. “You’re going to have to find another way to say when you want sex then, or it will get confusing.”
“And you’ll be getting fucked when all you really wanted was a grilled cheese sandwich.”
She laughed—not only from their teasing but the joy that they both seemed to be thinking this was a continuing thing. That was good because she didn’t want to lose one of them and she sure as hell didn’t want to have to make a choice. Her instincts would make her pick Mikhel but her heart would break at the thought of hurting or losing Zach.
Zach rolled over, groaning as his feet hit the floor. It had to be cold and she was pretty sure his muscles were sore. She’d put them to hard use the last two days. Her own body was aching in delicious, inspiring ways.
He grabbed a pair of jeans out of a drawer and dragged them on. They were a little loose in the hips and she realized they were Mikhel’s jeans. This was Mikhel’s room.
“I’ll go get some breakfast started. How does steak and eggs sound?”
The rumbling of her stomach was overshadowed by the same sound coming from Mikhel. It sounded good. Steak. Meat. She licked her lips.
“Sounds great. I like my steak well done.”
Zach froze at the door and he looked back, his face marred with confusion. “Well done? As in cooked well done?”
“Yeah. No pink.”
He looked at Mikhel as if seeking confirmation that he’d heard her right. His upper lip curled up in disgust. “Yecch.” Then he shrugged. “Whatever. I’ll get things cooking but I don’t deliver so you two need to make an appearance soon.”
With that warning, he left, leaving Taylor alone with Mikhel. Mikhel’s arms moved around her, holding her close, his lips pressed against her shoulder. They lay in silence for a while and part of her wanted to avoid the topic she knew they needed to discuss.
“What do you think?” she asked.
“I think a well-done steak is disgusting as well.”
She shook her head. “No. About…all this.” She waved her hand vaguely toward the bed and house and their bodies. “You and me and Zach.” She turned so she could see him. “I don’t want to come between you. If I haven’t already done that.”
“Honey, you’re between us, there’s no getting around that. We both want you and neither of us is going to let you go without a fight.” He took a deep breath and she could see he was preparing to tell her something major. “And in truth, you’re bound to us now. When we came inside you…our semen has this element to it that connects you to us.” She blinked and looked at him, wanting the rest of the explanation. “And it changes you. Makes you like us.”
“A werewolf?”
“Yes.”
She was surprised to hear him say it but not shocked.
She touched the bite mark on her shoulder. “The were bit me.”
“Yes, that won’t help things. That’s like a double dose of werewolf venom. The were wasn’t really thinking to change you. The bite was to claim you, mark you as belonging to him. The real change started when I came inside you. And continued when Zach did the same.” He cupped her jaw. “When I had you swallow my cum that first night, it started but it really takes a werewolf coming inside your pussy to make you one of us.”
“How many women have you turned into werewolves?” she blurted out. Then realized she’d just demanded his sexual history. He just shook his head.
“None.”
“You’ve never come inside a woman before?”
He shook his head. “Not a human woman. I use condoms and I’m very careful who I fuck in case the condom breaks.” He shrugged. “The change doesn’t have to be permanent.” He added that last bit like it was the part he really didn’t want to say. “You can stop the transition.”
“How?” She wasn’t sure she wanted that but it was nice to know she had the choice.
The edges of his mouth tightened, like he was irritated with her desire to know. He’d just have to be irritated. She wanted information.
“Getting away from us. The change is new enough that if you left us or at a minimum refused to let us come inside you, you can probably reverse it. It won’t be fun. The wolf is already growing inside you and she’ll probably get a little pissy if you keep yourself from us but it can be done.”
“The wolf—that was what made me so desperate for sex last night?”
Mikhel blanched. “Well, I’d like to think part of it was me…and Zach, but yes, she probably heightened your desires.”
“Wow.” She dropped back onto the bed, her thoughts whirling through her tired brain. A werewolf. Bound to Mikhel and Zach.
Or she could climb out of the bed and walk away. Her heart thumped loud in her ears, protesting the idea. Leave Mikhel and Zach. Not feel their hands on her again. Not spend time just listening to them talk.
There was really only one choice.
She slipped her hand up Mikhel’s chest and cupped her hand around the back of his neck, pulling him down to her. He didn’t resist the subtle pressure of her hand, easing his body over hers. The tension that had scored his muscles when he’d talked about reversing the process left him as she opened her legs and his hips settled between her thighs. His cock was still soft but she knew with a couple of easy strokes, he would be hard and ready for her. Her pussy moistened at the idea.
“I knew it.” Zach stood in the doorway, a towel draped over his shoulder. “I can’t leave you two alone for five minutes…”
Mikhel looked up, a low snarling growl rumbled at the back of his throat and a thick tension clogged the air. Taylor froze and felt Zach do the same. Finally Mikhel started to breathe again and the strange light left his eyes. He shook his head as if clearing away some unwelcome thought. Taylor relaxed, just a little. It would take some time but she thought it would work. The three of them together. Lovers. She just had to accept it because at this stage she couldn’t see any alternative.
With a sigh, Mikhel rolled off her, sliding off the side of the bed.
“He’s right, baby. Let’s go eat.” Mikhel looked at her, the heat from his eyes hadn’t faded. “And then we’ll satisfy your other hungers.”




Chapter Ten

Zach dropped his winter coat over the back of the chair and sighed, the sound settling with a thump on the cheerful holiday atmosphere of the room.
Taylor pulled her legs up, letting her heels rest against her ass as she watched her lover. He looked tired.
They were all tired. A year had come and gone since that first night. Tomorrow was the anniversary of the pack. Of the day when Mikhel had claimed her as his mate and Zach as his Beta.
But not his lover. And that was the pain she saw in Zach’s eyes.
He straightened and looked up at her. Taylor felt the tension in her chest build. The fact that it had taken Zach so long to acknowledge her wasn’t good. His mind was elsewhere.
On Mikhel.
“How’re you doing?” Zach asked. His words and voice were the usual loving greeting but she sensed it wasn’t quite right.
They’d spent the past year as lovers. Each male staking claim on the female. Mikhel was definitely the Alpha—not only of their small pack but of their lovemaking—but Zach had continued as her lover. He was so different from Mikhel and the rare times that she’d made love alone with Zach had been sensual, sweet experiences.
And she loved fucking Mikhel. So strong and powerful. Commanding her. Her pussy fluttered at the mere thought—just an added benefit of her slow conversion to a full werewolf—increased sexual need. Thankfully she had two men to keep her satisfied.
She loved them both. Wanted them both.
Mikhel was her mate but Zach was just as important. He was their third.
“I’m fine,” she finally answered, watching Zach as he looked around the room, his gaze unsteady, unable to settle. “What about you?”
“Fine. I’m fine.”
“Zach…”
He froze at the warning in her tone. She didn’t use it often but she was the Alpha female of this tiny pack—and Zach was the Beta. He looked up and she saw the edges of his mouth pinched tight.
“Come here.” She opened her arms and called to him. He hesitated for a moment, almost like he was afraid to take the comfort she offered. But was he afraid for himself, or because of what Mikhel would think?
Finally he stumbled forward and fell into her arms, burying his face between her breasts.
“Oh man, I fucked it up, didn’t I?” he asked after a moment. “I should have kept my mouth shut.”
Taylor stroked his hair, listening to the rapid beating of his heart. Her body, her senses had changed in the past year. Her hearing and sense of smell were heightened. Her skin was more sensitive to touch, to caresses. And she craved her lovers with a passion that bordered on obsession. And heaven forbid that another woman come near one of her men.
She shuddered as she remembered one particularly embarrassing moment when she’d grabbed a woman and practically flung her across the room, only to find out later the scene before her had been nothing more than a friendly thank-you hug. Though Taylor still wasn’t sure she believed that story. That woman had been trying to seduce Zach.
She shook off the memory and looked at Zach. He needed her comfort. She stroked his hair and hummed softly until his muscles relaxed.
“I’m going to have to leave,” he said, his body shifting until he lay across the couch, his head in her lap. “I can’t screw up the two of you. If I stay, I’ll tear you apart. It’s tearing him apart.”
“No.” She wasn’t sure what the answer was, but she felt sure that Zach was meant to stay with them. It felt right when he was here. When the three of them loved.
But that was the problem. It wasn’t the three of them. It was Zach and Taylor and Mikhel and Taylor.
“He’s the Alpha,” Zach said, staring at the carpet. “Despite his efforts to live in the human world, he’s an Alpha wolf and if he can’t accept what I want, I’ll have to leave. If I’d kept my mouth shut we could have gone on as we had.”
“But you’d have been miserable.”
Zach winced. “I wasn’t exactly miserable. I just want…more. I hate that if we accidentally touch, he tenses up. I want to be able to touch him.” His voice drifted away and she knew he was lost in his thoughts.
Two weeks ago Zach had told Mikhel that he wanted to become his lover. That he wanted Mikhel to fuck him, love him as he did Taylor.
Taylor had known it was coming. Zach had discussed it with her ahead of time but neither had been prepared for Mikhel’s reaction. He’d flung himself away and disappeared, returning two days later.
They hadn’t mentioned it since but the strain between them was a living thing. Since that night, Mikhel hadn’t joined Taylor in bed until Zach had left. She missed the presence of her two lovers, having grown used to warm bodies surrounding her, waking her with hot hands and fingers.
“Well, let’s see if we can make it through tonight and then tomorrow—” She scraped her fingers through his hair. “We’ll talk. All three of us.” She didn’t know if it would work but she couldn’t lose either male. She needed them. They completed her.
The front door opened and slammed shut. Eight months ago, the three of them had moved into together, choosing the cabin as their home. It had more space, room for the wolves to run and fewer people to question the strange three-way relationship.
Zach’s shoulders clenched like he was preparing to push himself off her lap but Taylor pressed her hand into his shoulder blades, holding him down. They weren’t doing anything wrong.
But tonight Mikhel might not see it that way. He’d been on edge for the past two weeks trying to deal with the idea that his friend—his male friend—wanted him for a lover. Late one night, Mikhel had asked Taylor how she felt about it and she’d said it wouldn’t bother her. And that was an honest answer, as far as it went. In truth, she found the idea intriguing. The idea of watching their two strong male bodies moving together made her wet and hungry.
But Zach was right. If Mikhel and Zach couldn’t work through this, it would tear them apart and their pack would collapse.
Taylor sighed. Not exactly the New Year’s celebration she’d hoped for. She thought about last year when all she’d wanted from New Year’s Eve was a kiss. Now, she just hoped her world didn’t explode before the New Year dawned.
“Hi.”
She continued to stroke Zach’s hair and looked up at Mikhel, smiling softly, hoping some of the soothing atmosphere in the room would seep into its occupants.
“Welcome home.”
“I got some champagne. I’ll put it in the fridge for later.”
She nodded and noticed that Mikhel didn’t walk across the room to kiss her. That was unusual but she knew it was because of Zach’s presence. Mikhel still hadn’t resolved the issue in his mind. She could understand. It was a big leap for anyone. He was a full-on, hard-as-nails straight man and the thought of having sex with another man had to throw him off balance.
“Dinner is almost ready. Zach made turkey tetrazzini.” Mikhel nodded and looked at the tableau before him. Zach’s eyes were blank, staring at the carpet in front of them. That was strange as well, that Zach hadn’t gotten up to greet his Alpha.
Taylor’s knee bounced up and down, the tension in her body translating into the twitch. Zach raised his head and she realized she’d made resting on her lap extremely uncomfortable.
Since he was almost sitting, she nudged him along. “I should go get ready for dinner.” She stood up, placing herself between the two men. “I have a new dress I think you’ll like.” She fluttered her eyelashes, trying to tease some of the tension from the room. “By the same designer as last New Year’s.”
Zach’s eyebrows bounced up. She’d obviously caught his interest. Mikhel just stared at her but she saw the edge of his mouth pull up. Good, he was with her as well.
“Why doesn’t one of you start a fire?” She trailed her fingers down the front of Mikhel’s shirt as she walked by. “We wouldn’t want things to get cold.”
“Little chance of that, baby,” Mikhel said in that low snarly growl she loved.
She skipped down the stairs thirty minutes later, feeling fresh and sexy. She knew it wouldn’t be an easy evening but she wanted to enjoy the holiday.
Stopping outside the kitchen door, she listened to the low rumble of Mikhel’s voice. At least he and Zach were talking. That was good. She pressed her cheek to the door but that didn’t help much. Her hearing had sharpened over the past year but it wasn’t that good. If she wanted to know what was being said, she had to go inside.
Taking a deep breath, she pushed on the swinging door and entered the kitchen. Mikhel stood at the sink, washing spinach. Zach was at the stove, monitoring his casserole. The low conversation stopped when she walked in but she could tell from the lack of tension that they weren’t discussing the topic that stood between them like an elephant in the room.
Mikhel looked up and Zach turned around. Both men froze in position, their eyes moving up and down her body, drinking in the nuances of her dress.
Perfect. Just the reaction that she’d been looking for.
Last year’s gown had been long and flowy, seductive in what it revealed and what it hid.
This dress was completely different. A bright blue and white tie-dyed pattern, the dress clung to her body and it was short, coming just to the tops of her thighs and subtly split down the center, a thin opening from the neck to her panty line—if she’d been wearing panties. But she knew better. Mikhel didn’t like her to wear panties while they were in the house. He wanted free access to her pussy. Her shoulders and arms were bare with just a high collar around her neck. One quick flick of fingers and the dress would sink to the floor in a pile of color.
That was good. Both Mikhel and Zach liked having her naked while they were still dressed.
She watched Mikhel’s eyes and knew he was wondering what she was wearing beneath the short skirt. Zach’s tongue was practically hanging out of his mouth. Hmm, she’d have a special use for that tongue later.
“Like it?” She did a slow spin, letting them see her back. She wasn’t sure she’d have the courage to wearing something this short outside of her house but here, with her men, the way they loved her body, admired her form, she felt safe and sexy.
“It’s gorgeous,” Zach said, his voice filled with a hungry awe that made her pussy tingle. “You’re gorgeous.”
“Take it off,” Mikhel added in that gravelly snarl that warned her she’d been wise to leave the panties off for the night.
She laughed and ignored the instruction. She wasn’t quite ready to get naked. Soon but not yet.
“Thank you,” she said to Zach. “And don’t worry—” She looked at Mikhel. “There’s only one button.”
“Good.”
Her stomach rumbled and Zach smiled. “Dinner is ready as soon as Mikhel finishes the salad.” She walked over to the stove and inhaled deeply. Butter and cheese, noodles and a hint of white wine. Not at all heart healthy but it smelled delicious. “It’s not fancy or anything.”
“It smells great.”
“It’s nothing special.” He bumped his hip against hers. “Nothing like last year’s.”
She smiled. “Well, you know I don’t require much from the holidays.”
“Yes, all you want from New Year’s is a hangover and a kiss.” He said the last words against her lips, kissing her lightly, ending with a flick of his tongue.
“Come on,” Mikhel called brusquely. “Let’s eat.”
Taylor winked at Zach and backed away. She didn’t have much to do. The guys pretty much took care of it. She’d set the table earlier but they cooked and served the food.
Dinner was a slightly strained affair but it was clear all three intended to ignore the tension between Mikhel and Zach, at least for the night. Taylor wasn’t planning to let it go for much longer. If she had to sit the boys down and yell at them, she would. But that was for later. Tonight, she just wanted to celebrate the year, strange though it had been. She still saw some of her friends from her previous life but several couldn’t accept her relationship with Mikhel and Zach. Or they were a little too interested, leering at her and wanting details.
Rebecca remained her best friend and anchor in the world—a retreat when living with two male werewolves became too much.
Taylor sipped her wine and looked at her men, feeling a slow rumble of need, the desire of her own wolf build inside her. It had been a year and while their lovemaking had become familiar, it wasn’t dull. She wanted them, craved them. Loved them. She squirmed in her seat, feeling her naked pussy rub against the soft material of her dress. She was already wet and knew Mikhel and Zach could smell her arousal.
She glanced at Mikhel and saw his eyes, red tainting the edges, watching her. Yes, he knew. And wanted her.
Exhaling slowly, she pushed back from the table.
“You boys want to move to the living room?”
Zach stood up and came to her side. Mikhel nodded but didn’t follow. “I’ll just take care of the dishes.”
Zach and Taylor looked at each other. It wasn’t often Mikhel offered to clean up and she was tempted to tell him to leave them but something about the strain in his body stopped her. He was facing his demons. She was going to have both her lovers tonight and if Mikhel needed a few moments to adjust to that, she would allow him the time.
She and Zach settled on the couch and flipped on the TV. The national New Year’s celebration was being shown from Times Square. They talked about how nothing could make them go to an event like that. Too many people, too confined, too busy.
Zach kept her close, his arm around her shoulder, his fingers teasing her hair as they laughed and talked. Zach had a wickedly sarcastic attitude that made watching TV with him hysterical. Dishes clanked in the kitchen as Mikhel filled the dishwasher. She heard the water start through the machine and felt Zach tense.
Moments later, Mikhel strolled into the living room, standing near the fireplace, a bottle of good champagne dangling from his fingers.
“Let’s celebrate the New Year.” Mikhel placed three champagne flutes on the mantel and popped open the bottle. Taylor and Zach looked at each other. Mikhel had been silent and solemn most of the night. Not surly but definitely distant. Her stomach burned as he poured the sparkling wine into the first glass. This wasn’t good. Did he want to get the night over with so quickly?
“But we’ve still got an hour before midnight.”
“We’ll act like we’re on East Coast time.” He raised his chin toward the TV. The crowd in Times Square was getting ready to count down and watch the ball drop.
Taylor pushed herself up out of the couch and walked to where Mikhel stood beside the fireplace, accepting the glass, trying to keep her knees from trembling. Zach came and stood to her right. It was just like last year. The countdown started and Taylor forced herself to be cheerful.
“10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3-2-1! Happy New Year!”
They clinked their glasses together and each took a sip. The fizzy wine tickled her throat and she remembered last New Year’s when Zach had poured the champagne across her skin and they’d licked it from her body. A little frisson of pleasure skirted down her spine and the remembered sensuality pushed away some of the tension that had hung between them all night.
As she lowered her glass, she turned to Mikhel.
Her New Year’s kiss. Neither man had forgotten.
“Happy New Year, baby,” Mikhel said as his lips touched hers, soft at first and then commanding, a dominating kiss that warned her Mikhel was in the mood to be full-on Alpha tonight. His tongue twirled around her and as he drew back, he nipped her lower lip with his teeth. A reminder and warning to behave.
Like before, Zach turned her into his arms.
“Happy New Year,” he said, though his eyes were a little sad. He bent down and placed a sweet sexual kiss on her lips, dipping his tongue into her mouth then licking the place that Mikhel had bit as if he would soothe her.
They drew apart. Tension, sexual and otherwise, vibrated through the room. Taylor looked at Mikhel to see what he was feeling. He had his glass tipped all the way back and he was chugging the champagne. The last of it cleared his flute and he set the delicate crystal on the mantel. Moving like a man on a mission, he turned to Zach and put his hand behind the other man’s neck, pulling him close. Taylor was pressed between them, locked at Mikhel’s side by his other hand.
The two men froze for just an instant. Breathless, Taylor watched.
“Happy New Year.” Mikhel’s words were soft and firm. And he followed them with a kiss. His lips touched Zach’s in an awkward meeting—two people kissing for the first time—but after a few seconds, it changed. Mikhel’s mouth moved on Zach’s, languid and exploring, as if he was learning a new lover. Their heads turned and a low groan slipped from Zach’s chest. She knew Mikhel was using his tongue, making it clear this was no friend-to-friend kiss that could be mistaken or brushed away later.
Well, it appeared that Mikhel had made his decision.




Chapter Eleven

Needing breath and a moment to gather himself, Mikhel drew back, but he didn’t go far. Taylor was there and he needed her taste. Needed to remind himself that she was there and calm his pounding heart. God, he’d just kissed another man. And liked it. Zach’s mouth was different than he’d expected—softer, but still strong.
Taylor met him as he kissed her. He loved her, wanted her but he also wanted Zach. For two weeks he’d thought about it, spending hours in his were form, letting the beast’s naked emotions and desires fill him. Pack law never directly spoke against two male lovers but neither was it approved. He knew precisely what he was facing if they did this. But they were a pack of their own and even if it remained only the three of them, they would be a family, a community together.
His mind was swirling with the implications but his body, his soul knew what he wanted. As he plunged his tongue into the familiar taste of Taylor, another hot mouth caressed his throat, sharp teeth scraping the skin, a little rougher than Taylor did. The slight jolt of pain hardened his cock even more. He pulled away from Taylor and once again captured Zach’s mouth, the need to dominate the male surging through him. A year ago Zach had bared his throat, shown his belly, submitting to the wolf. Now, Mikhel wanted the man’s submission.
Keeping Taylor to his side, his hand slid down her back and cupped the sweet ass he loved so much. She was a part of this. Had to be or it wouldn’t work.
Breathless and a little off balance, Mikhel pulled back. His heart was pounding and his cock rock-hard. The sounds of the New Year’s celebrations were scratchy noises coming from the television. Zach and Taylor stared at him, their lips were wet and pinked from the kisses given and received.
He rubbed his thumb across Taylor’s lower lip. “Are you okay with this?” he asked, though she’d told him she was.
She nodded. “I want this.” She licked his thumb. “I want to see you together.” The tight points of her nipples were pressed against the fabric of her dress. She was aroused, interested.
He pulled her against him and kissed her, knowing Zach was there. They’d done this hundreds of times. Usually, Zach would move to her back, or her neck, kissing and teasing skin that Mikhel couldn’t reach. Instead, he felt Zach’s mouth return to his neck, fingers working at the buttons on his shirt. It wasn’t Taylor’s delicate touch. Hot hard hands pulled and tugged, stripping buttons and dragging the material back.
Taylor joined in, tugging his shirt away. Both reached for his chest, hands and lips, moving over his skin, taking brief forays up to his mouth, sipping kisses. Their touches were so different but each so seductive, he couldn’t get enough. God, he felt drunk. His head was spinning as they licked and sucked, exploring his nipples and lapping at the flat, tight peaks until he thought his cock would explode.
Zach seemed to understand how close Mikhel was to grabbing one of them and driving his cock into something. A large hand closed over his crotch, squeezing his erection. Behind the strong caress, he sensed Zach’s power but felt only warmth and pleasure as he slowly rubbed the length of Mikhel’s cock.
Mikhel felt his spine straighten, his mind having a jolt of reality and wondering if he really wanted to do this. Before he could protest, Taylor was there, kissing him, her small hands stroking his skin. It was her fingers that slid into his jeans, beneath his shorts and stroked his cock. She sucked on his tongue, reminding him of what it felt like to fuck her pretty mouth. They moved in seductive unison. Zach worked the buttons of Mikhel’s jeans and tugged them down as she continued to caress him, her bold touches making him ache.
God, he was really going to do it. The denim and shorts fell away, leaving him naked, four hands caressing his skin, lips licking, kissing.
“Yes, Zach, he likes to be bitten there,” Taylor whispered, transferring her mouth to Zach’s shoulder as his teeth closed on Mikhel’s pec. The grip of Zach’s canines jolted a shout from Mikhel. The pain, exquisite and deep, flooded his body with power, energy. He ground his teeth together, fighting the rising tide inside him. Zach’s caresses were strong, almost taunting, like he was pushing Mikhel to fuck him. He drove his hand into Zach’s hair and dragged his head back.
Both males were used to taking the lead but Mikhel wouldn’t have it. He snagged Zach’s lower lip between his teeth and bit down almost to the point of breaking skin, realizing he didn’t need to temper his strength quite as much with Zach as his lover. Zach moaned and dropped his eyes. The were inside Mikhel recognized the submission and released some of its anger. He turned the warning into a kiss, licking his tongue inside Zach’s mouth.
Taylor’s fingers curled around his cock and she bent down, stroking her tongue across his stomach muscles. She nipped at his skin as well, gentler, more teasing than demanding.
Mikhel moaned, unable to stop the sound. Having both of them focused on him, their hands and mouths on his skin was a sensual overload. The need to fuck them both multiplied, making him so hard he ached. The lightest touch and he would come. And he didn’t want that. He wanted to enjoy this. Not that he wouldn’t get hard again. Quickly. The wolf was surging through his veins. The full moon was still a week away but that didn’t slow the animal’s desire.
He’d claimed Taylor as his mate but now the need to mark Zach was almost as strong. Mikhel didn’t understand it but he couldn’t fight it.
Zach knelt before him, his hands sliding slowly up Mikhel’s thighs. Taylor scraped her teeth across his chest muscle, a sharp nip that she knew he loved and she also sank down, both kneeling before Mikhel.
Zach and Taylor kissed each other and then moved closer to Mikhel’s hard cock. Hot male hands held the shaft as Taylor whispered kisses along its length. Zach watched, his mouth open, his tongue tasting the inside of his lips. He raised his eyes to Mikhel, the warning clear. The desire even more obvious. He wants this. He wants to suck you off, make you come.
He put his hand on Zach’s head. “Have you ever done this before?” He didn’t think Zach had fucked other men but considering the pack silence about this kind of thing, who knew?
Zach shook his head. “I’m making it up as I go along,” he said. His tongue flicked out and lashed a quick hot stroke along the underside of the head.
Mikhel groaned and his fingers tightened in Zach’s hair. Zach’s mouth joined Taylor’s, both licking and tasting, working the length and width of Mikhel’s cock. Zach’s touch was more hesitant but he learned quickly. He flicked his tongue across the head, fluttering around the tip before opening his mouth and driving Mikhel’s cock inside. He swallowed over half of it, going deeper than Taylor could, all the way to the back of his throat.
Mikhel grabbed the mantel, holding himself upright as Zach began a slow steady sink and retreat, sucking as he pulled back. Mikhel crushed the shout that threatened. It was like his eyes were being sucked out through his cock. He spread his legs wider, bracing himself, his hips making shallow thrusts, fucking Zach’s mouth.
Zach groaned as if this was what he wanted and when he drew back, he looked up, arrogance and pride glowing in his eyes.
The wolf clamored for freedom inside Mikhel’s head. The were also growled. Claws stretched the ends of Mikhel’s hands and he reached down, scraping the vicious nails across Zach’s back, shredding his shirt, leaving five narrow trails of blood.
Zach’s head snapped back and he growled, snarling as he looked up. Mikhel only saw the challenge. He shoved Zach away, knocking the other man to his back and following him down. Violence entered his blood, spiking the sexual need. In the distance he heard Taylor’s gasp but couldn’t take the time to respond. The need to dominate was too strong.
He grabbed the front of Zach’s shirt and tugged, ripping the material away, baring the male’s chest. He bent down and raked his teeth across the tight pectoral muscle, warning the other wolf that he was stronger, more powerful.
Zach arched up into the bite, his neck stretching long, his belly open and accessible.
The wolf and the were inside him recognized the position. Again, Zach was acknowledging Mikhel’s dominance.
The anger evaporated and all that remained was the desire. He looked up, checking on Taylor. She watched from the side, her eyes wide, her hands clenched together at her chest.
“Come here, baby.” He held up his hand, the claws gone, the were retreating. “We need you.”
And he knew the words were true. This would never be between the two of them. It was the three of them. The bond connected them. Taylor hesitated for a moment. She was still new to the violence inherent in werewolves. She knelt beside them and he placed a kiss on her lips before turning back to Zach.
He was locked in his submissive pose, Mikhel’s teeth marks illuminated across his chest. Mikhel leaned over and licked the place where he’d bit, soothing the little wound. Zach’s flavor filled his mouth and made him want more.
Zach moaned at the light caress and a new kind of tension filled his body. Mikhel looked down and saw the hard bulge that strained his jeans. Zach was aroused, excited by this. Almost unable to believe he was doing this, Mikhel slid his hand down Zach’s body, rubbing it over his groin, squeezing and testing the erection encased in denim. Zach moved into the caress, pushing up into Mikhel’s hand.
Taylor’s sleek thighs appeared at the edge of his vision and he looked up. She knelt beside them, her mouth open, the scent of her wet pussy sweetening the air.
“Closer, baby.”
She followed his instructions, allowing herself to be drawn back into their loving. It was a delicate balance tonight. She wanted them to explore each other but knew the three of them needed to bond together in this new way.
Mikhel moved out of the way, giving her access to Zach.
Taylor slid over Zach’s body, making him the center of their loving as she straddled his hips. She ran her hands across Mikhel’s back, leaning in and sharing a kiss, loving the tight grip Zach had on her hip, holding her against him as his Alpha kissed him.
She looked over Mikhel’s body and saw Zach’s eyes—stunned and shining with pleasure. She squeezed his hand to let him know she was there, with him. Her pussy clenched, desperate to be filled, needing relief. Zach’s hard cock was beneath her. Arching her back, she massaged her clit against his erection, rolling her hips in circles, losing herself in the self-pleasure of rubbing against him.
Mikhel worked his way up, ending with a commanding kiss to Zach’s mouth. When they drew back, they were both breathless and clearly hungry. Taylor’s pussy throbbed, ached. They were so beautiful together, strong and powerful. Masculine and hungry for each other.
“Have you prepared for this?” Mikhel asked, his fingers rubbing the center of Zach’s chest. Zach nodded.
Mikhel rolled away, leaving Taylor straddling Zach’s thighs, her dress scrunched up to the tops of her thighs. She knew she was dripping liquid onto Zach’s jeans but he wouldn’t mind the scent of her pussy.
“Climb off him, baby, and help Zach with his clothes.”
She groaned and didn’t immediately move. The delicious massage to her clit was too wonderful. A few more strokes and she could come.
“Taylor.” The firm tone to Mikhel’s voice made her pause. He stared at her, his body languid but his eyes hot and commanding. “Don’t make me punish you.” Mikhel was in full dominant mode. His voice turned gentle as he said, “You can have him later. First he’s mine.”
With a sigh, to let Mikhel know she wasn’t pleased, hiding the fact that her pussy throbbed at the thought of seeing them together, she lifted her left knee and climbed off Zach. Giving Mikhel a glimpse of her cunt beneath the short skirt. His eyes flickered red and she smiled. She wanted her guys together but didn’t want either to forget she was there.
She smoothed her hand over Zach’s cock, petting it and kissing it through the thick jeans. His hips punched upward, trying to drive the hard shaft into her mouth. She laughed and pulled back, not moving far.
“Little wolf, you can play with him later,” Mikhel promised, though his voice was low with warning. She glanced at her mate. His cock was hard in his hand as he slowly stroked, watching her. Zach’s chest rose and fell as he waited. Taylor loved the sexual tension that shimmered between the three of them. But she knew better than to ignore Mikhel’s direct command. His punishments were too much torture and tonight she wanted to enjoy. She undid the snap at the top of Zach’s jeans, grabbed the zipper tab with her teeth and slowly pulled it down. His hips undulated like he wasn’t able to control the movement.
The zipper separated and she slid her tongue inside the opening, lapping at his cock, loving the tight muscles that strained beneath her. She worked the jeans down, freeing his shaft, and instantly took it in her mouth, laving her tongue across the underside of the head. His groans turned to music in her head.
Mikhel’s hot hand cupped her ass, his fingers sliding into her slit and stroking her wet flesh, but he didn’t enter her.
She lifted her head turning to accept his kiss and the warning look in his eyes. She’d been teasing the three of them. Tempting Zach with what he could have…later. When Mikhel was finished with him.
Drawing back, she stood and dragged Zach’s jeans the rest of the way off. Leaving both men naked. And her dressed.
She chuckled to herself. So often she’d found herself naked while they remained dressed but this was the first time it had been reversed.
“Take care of him, baby,” Mikhel said, standing. “But I don’t want either of you to come.” With that command, Mikhel left the room. Taylor stared at Zach. The trepidation was visible in his eyes but so was the lust and she couldn’t help but smile.
“Isn’t this what you wanted?” she asked, concerned but knowing it was just first-time fears that brought about the worry.
“Yes, but having never wrapped my hand around his cock, I guess I didn’t realize how thick he is.”
Taylor chuckled. “Don’t worry.” She rubbed her hand across his stomach. “He knows how to take it slow and it will feel sooo good.” Zach nodded but she could see the concern lingered in his eyes and leaned down to kiss him, hoping to distract him, remind him of the pleasure.
Taylor had been hopeful that Mikhel would accept Zach’s offer so she’d insisted that Zach prepare his body to take Mikhel. She knew her mate and once Mikhel made a decision, he would want to act on it. And she’d been right.
When they heard Mikhel returning, Zach moved, rolling over on the rug, easing the front half of his body down, resting his weight on his elbows and knees, his bare ass sleek and strong in the firelight. Taylor rubbed her hand across his back, letting her fingers dance across his skin. Avoiding the wounds left by Mikhel. For a moment there she’d been thrown back to a year ago and the two men facing each other down. But the moment had passed quickly and all that remained was a wicked sexual need.
Mikhel returned to the room with the supplies. He set a towel, washcloth, condom and lubricant beside him on the ground. They’d been through this kind of initiation once before with Taylor so were familiar with the preparations, the training of Zach’s body to accept Mikhel.
Mikhel stopped and stared down. Taylor couldn’t read his eyes but she recognized the tension in his body, the strength of his erection.
“Very nice,” he said softly. He came forward and knelt down behind Zach, rubbing his hand across Zach’s flank, leaning forward to kiss Taylor as he pulled out the lube. He handed it to her, nodding, giving her permission to assist. She poured the slick fluid onto her fingers and slowly stroked the soft split of Zach’s ass. His back arched as she touched him.
“I’m sorry, baby, is that cold?” she asked, keeping her voice light. This was a major event for them but she wanted it to be loving and fun, not frightening or something they had to do. She looked up at Mikhel and winked. A reluctant smile stretched his lips and he granted her another kiss before he pulled back and rolled a condom up his cock. Her hands slippery, she reached out and stroked him as well, leaving traces of lube behind, before returning to Zach, sliding her fingers into his rear entrance and pushing slowly inside, feeling him relax as she slicked him up, pumping slowly in and out to drive the lube deeper.
“Good?” she asked.
Zach nodded his head and groaned. But the way his hips moved up and down with her strokes told her more than words. He would love this. Love the slow, deep penetration. The feeling of Mikhel on top of him, inside him. Her pussy fluttered and she whimpered, knowing it would be a while before she was relieved. Tonight was for them.
“Baby, will you offer Zach your cunt?” Mikhel smoothed lube up and down his cock, coating it. “You know how much he loves to lick that sweet pussy.”
She shivered at the explicit sexual words. Even after a year, they still made her sparkle.
“Yes, Mikhel.” She pushed up high on her knees and kissed him, biting down on his lower lip to claim him, mark him, feeling the need to remind him of their mating. He returned the biting caress and then tapped her ass, urging her forward. She was a distraction for Zach, she knew, something to offer him as Mikhel filled his ass for the first time, but she didn’t mind. Zach did love to eat pussy. Her pussy. She walked forward, positioning herself near his head, waiting for both men to look at her.
When she had their attention, she unsnapped the collar around her neck and reached down, grabbing the bottom edge of her dress and pulling it up, off her head, leaving her naked. Low animal growls filled the room and she reveled in the sound.
“Zach, do you want to lick my cunt?”
“Yes, mistress.” Her nipples stretched tight at his reply. He only ever called her that when they were having sex and he was submitting. Tonight he would be submitting, serving both her and Mikhel.
Her pussy was wet and aching and she couldn’t bear it anymore. She needed Zach’s touch.
Mikhel watched, the innate grace of Taylor’s body shining through as she sat down, spreading her legs and offering her cunt to Zach. She wiggled as she positioned herself beneath his mouth, the intoxicating perfume of her arousal flooding the room. His cock twitched in his hand and he heard Zach’s groan.
He watched as Zach bent forward, putting his face between Taylor’s legs. The wicked tension that shot through her body told him all he needed.
He grabbed his cock, placing the tip at the entrance to Zach’s tight rear hole, and pressed forward. Zach tensed beneath him but Taylor’s voice floated through the air, soothing, comforting. She rubbed her hands across Zach’s shoulders, letting her fingers bite into his skin as she caressed him. Beneath her delicate touch, Zach relaxed, opening so Mikhel could enter him, sinking into that tight hot hole.
His mind clashed, between wanting to thrust hard and deep, dominate and command, and knowing he had to go slow, forcing himself to be gentle. He rolled his hips, sinking in, feeling the tight ring of muscles squeeze his cock, until he was balls-deep inside. His teeth snapped together as he fought the urge to pump hard and fast.
Taylor looked at him, her hands still stroking Zach’s body.
“Good?” she asked. Mikhel nodded. Zach groaned.
Mikhel felt the sound move through Zach’s body and knew this was the first of many nights spent like this.




Chapter Twelve

Mikhel looked down at the hard, taut body beneath him—part of him amazed that he had his cock buried in another man’s ass but it felt right. Hell, it felt great. Firelight flicked across Zach’s naked skin, warming it. The five scratches from Mikhel’s claws were red but somehow he didn’t think Zach was in pain. He was in too much pleasure to think about the shallow wounds.
Keeping his thrusts slow and steady, conscious of the newness of this to Zach, Mikhel fucked him, listening to the powerful groans that poured from Zach’s mouth each time Mikhel penetrated him. And every masculine moan caused a reaction in Taylor, making her gasp as if she felt every rumble move through her cunt.
“That’s it, Zach. Keep licking that sweet pussy, make her scream.” He thrust a little deeper, a little harder and was rewarded with successive groans from his lovers. Knowing he wouldn’t last long, Mikhel reached forward and curled his fingers around Zach’s cock. The hard shaft twitched in his hand. The strangeness of it all invaded his brain for just a moment. He was fucking another man. No, not just another man. He was fucking Zach. His friend. Now his lover.
He gripped his friend’s cock and slowly began to pump, moving his fist in time with his cock sliding in and out of Zach’s ass. Zach moved with him, thrusting into his hand. The harsh pumps of Zach’s hips drove Mikhel deeper, harder than he wanted. He ground his teeth together and beat back the orgasm that threatened. He wasn’t going to come inside a condom.
He pulled his hand away from Zach’s cock but he didn’t pull out. He couldn’t. Not yet. He continued to fuck Zach, riding the slick hole until it was almost too much, until he was a breath away from coming. He drilled his cock slowly forward, locking himself deep inside while he found the strength to stay hard.
Zach’s hips ground back against his. “Please, Mikhel, fuck me.” The tempting little pulses massaged Mikhel’s shaft, squeezing it until he felt his teeth lengthen.
Gritting his teeth, he grabbed Zach’s hips, holding him still as he slowly pulled back, removing his cock. Zach’s whimpered protest was muffled against Taylor’s skin.
“Finish her off, Zach,” he commanded, knowing from the rising sounds coming from Taylor that she was close. A few wicked licks and she’d—
Her cry filled the night and Mikhel looked up—her body arched, pushing those round breasts up, the tight peaks straining, begging for attention. The delicate pink flush washed over her skin as she panted.
While Zach attended to her, kissing and licking her pussy, driving her to another sharp climax, Mikhel stripped off the condom and did a quick cleanup, tossing the used washcloth and towel to the side.
He turned back to his lovers—Zach’s face was still buried into Taylor’s cunt. Her eyes were glowing red as she stared across Zach’s body to Mikhel. She reached across Zach’s back and scraped her nails over his skin, leaving thin red streaks behind. Hmm, his little wolf was feeling territorial. And a little wild.
Good.
She raised her eyes to him, almost daring him to take away her prize.
“Very good, Zach. You can have more of her later,” he said.
Under the guidance of Mikhel’s hands, Zach rolled over, landing on his back. His mouth was covered in Taylor’s pussy juices, his cock was rock-hard and he looked totally blissed out. His mouth was open and his lungs pumping hard. Mikhel smiled and seized Zach’s cock again, squeezing just hard enough. Zach’s hips punched upward as Mikhel stroked down and a long masculine groan rumbled through the room.
Taylor crawled beside them, kneeling. The scent of her cunt poured over them and both men groaned, but she didn’t touch, didn’t join in. Mikhel continued to stroke Zach, fascinated by the differences in stroking another man’s cock. He could imagine, understand what Zach was feeling, pumping harder, longer. Zach dug his heels into the carpet and thrust up, countering each of Mikhel’s strokes.
The desire to make him come, to be responsible for his pleasure, pushed Mikhel on. He moved his hand faster, knowing Zach was close, so close. Zach shuddered and punched his hips up one more time, his cock releasing, pumping streams of cum across his stomach.
The sight of Zach’s cum splattered across his tan skin set off something inside Mikhel’s head. He swung his leg over Zach, straddling his waist. Mikhel took his own cock in his hand and began to pump. He was close, too close to fight the need to come. Three sharp, hard strokes of his palm and he was coming, spilling out onto Zach’s chest. He worked his cock until the last bit of cum was released then sat back, giving Zach some of his weight, knowing he wouldn’t hurt him.
Mikhel placed his hands on Zach’s chest and began to rub slow circles, massaging his cum into Zach’s skin, marking him. Claiming him. Zach moved under his hands, arching into Mikhel’s touch. He rubbed the slick liquid around until it coated Zach’s skin. There was one thing left. He opened his mouth, feeling his teeth stretch long. He drove the sharp canines into Zach’s shoulder. Zach’s body bowed beneath his but he didn’t fight, didn’t struggle.
Blood leaked into his mouth and Mikhel pulled away, wiping his lips with the back of his hand. The clear pattern of his teeth marked Zach’s skin. The wound would fade, leaving no visible scar, just as it had on Taylor, but the spiritual mark would be there. The connection between them was permanent.
He turned and looked at Taylor. She knelt beside them, naked, her mouth open, her knees spread and her finger sliding in and out of her cunt. The wet slick sounds tempted Mikhel. He climbed off Zach’s body, lying down behind him, both men watching Taylor.
Taylor looked up, her eyes sparkling with heat and desire. And most of all love. Mikhel felt it grab into his chest and squeeze holding his heart until he could barely breathe. The emotion consumed him until he thought his heart would explode. The intensity drew him back and he looked at Zach. His breathing had slowed but the satisfied smile on his lips revealed that he was still coming down from his orgasm. Mikhel’s cock twitched, hardening. Knowing it wouldn’t be the last climax for Zach tonight. Or Mikhel. There was much more to experience before the dawn.
But first he had to take care of his mate.
“Zach—” He propped his head up on his hand, looking across Zach, watching Taylor finger-fuck herself. “I don’t remember giving Taylor permission to touch herself, do you?”
Zach hesitated then shook his head. “No, Alpha, you didn’t.”
Taylor smiled but her hand didn’t slow. The little wolf was ready to play.
“Tsk, tsk, baby. You know better than that.”




Chapter Thirteen

Mikhel came awake with a groan as a hot wet mouth swallowed his cock. Without opening his eyes, he knew Taylor was beside him, her head on his chest, her ass in his hand. He slid his free hand down, letting his fingers slide into Zach’s hair as Zach slowly pulled back, adding the most wicked suction as he withdrew.
“Oh fuck, that’s good.” His hips punched in the air, his cock needing more, wanting to be sucked. But Zach turned his head and began to lick, starting at the base of Mikhel’s cock and slowly working his way upward. Hot, vicious, tormenting strokes that Mikhel wouldn’t have missed for the world.
Taylor raised her head and turned in his arms, snuggling closer, and Mikhel realized she’d been awake for a while. Hell, she’d probably encouraged Zach to suck him off.
“Good morning,” she said with a smile, placing a kiss on his chest.
“Morning.” Another jolt went through his body as Zach toyed with the head of his cock.
“Good?” she asked, teasing her fingers down his stomach.
“Yeah. Damn, he’s a fast learner.”
At that, Zach lifted his head and looked up—his lips were wet and his eyes glowing with pleasure. And love.
As if the moment were too intense for both of them, the contact between their eyes broke and Zach went back to his seductive blow job. Mikhel’s hand tightened on Taylor’s ass as he pumped up, his hips convulsing, needing to thrust but not wanting to give up the sensation of Zach’s mouth.
“Come over me, baby,” Mikhel said, lifting Taylor up and settling her on his chest, her thighs spread and the moisture of her pussy dampening his skin. “It gets you hot to see him suck me off, doesn’t it?” She placed her hands on his shoulders and rocked her pussy against him. Her breasts swayed gently with the movement.
“Uh-huh.”
He’d seen it last night. She’d been fascinated and turned on watching them fuck. Good because if last night—and this morning—was any example, he was going to want to do it again. God, Zach’s mouth was hot. Different from Taylor’s. Stronger and a little rougher.
“Come up.” He tapped her ass and nudged her forward. “Let me taste you.”
Her eyes heated up and her cheeks turned a bright red. It still seemed to embarrass her to expose herself like this but damn, he enjoyed it.
He enjoyed everything about her. She’d gotten stronger, more confident in the last few months and he could only take that to mean she was secure in his love for her. She wasn’t afraid to ask—demand—what she wanted.
He pulled her up, guiding her so she straddled his face, her bare pussy inches from his mouth. Heat and wet coated his chest, lingering traces from her cunt. Zach backed off on his licking, giving Mikhel enough concentration to lift Taylor, positioning her so one leg was bent and her foot was on the mattress over his shoulder. She knelt on her other knee, completely opening her pussy to him.
He hummed as the delicious treat came within range of his mouth. He stretched up and licked one long stroke from her ass to the top of her clit, gathering the intoxicating taste of his mate. She moaned and moved into his caress. He grabbed her hips in his hands and pulled her down, a little farther, giving him full access. He buried his face between her legs and began to lick and suck. Tasting all of her, driving his tongue into her opening, working the first inch where he knew she was most sensitive.
It was difficult to focus. The sweet cunt at his lips or the mouth on his cock. He rolled his hips, pushing deeper into Zach’s mouth even as he fucked his tongue in and out of Taylor’s passage. All three groaned and moved together. Mikhel fought his own orgasm as he tried to drive Taylor to hers.
But eventually Zach won that sensual fight. With nothing distracting him, he worked Mikhel’s cock, licking and sucking until Mikhel couldn’t concentrate on Taylor’s pussy. He grabbed at the headboard to give him a base and pushed his hips up, going deep into Zach’s mouth. Zach hummed his approval and Mikhel couldn’t resist another thrust, his cum shooting out, filling Zach’s mouth. He felt the other man swallow, taking all of him, licking his cock until it was limp, as if he wanted to drain every drop. Mikhel opened his eyes and looked up. Taylor’s pussy was inches from his mouth and she watched him, her eyes laughing and gentle.
“That sounded good to me,” she said.
“Very good.” He reached down and stroked Zach’s head, thanking the other man for the incredible pleasure. Zach placed a kiss on Mikhel’s palm. The temptation of Taylor’s pussy was too much to ignore any longer. Mikhel pushed himself up and continued his tongue fuck that had been interrupted by his own orgasm.
Taylor moaned and gripped the headboard, holding herself steady as Mikhel thrust his tongue into her opening, hard shallow pulses that made her pussy tremble. Slowly he licked his way up to her clit, his tongue circling the tight peak. She cried out and rocked against him, wanting more. Even as she thought it, more warmth invaded her cunt. Zach. His tongue joining Mikhel’s, tasting her slit with strong, deep stabs. She arched her back, welcoming it, giving him access. Mikhel lifted her a little and stretched his tongue down, twisting around Zach’s. The two men shared a deep tongue kiss then moved back to her, both kissing and stroking her wet flesh until she was panting, begging.
Then her world shifted. Mikhel pulled her down and rolled her over, dropping her sideways across the bed. She landed on her back, her lovers surrounding her, above her. They both bent down and continued the delicious double tongue caresses. She pushed up on her heels, opening herself, spreading her legs as wide as possible.
“That’s it, baby. God, she tastes incredible.”
Zach moaned his agreement as he sank his tongue into her opening.
“Zach, man, finger-fuck that tight hole. You know how much she likes that.” As he made the command, Mikhel leaned over and continued his attentions to her clit. Two large fingers thrust deep into her pussy and Taylor cried out.
Her head tipped back, arching her breasts up. Mikhel’s hand covered one mound and squeezed, a gentle pressure that wasn’t enough. She needed more, wanted so much more.
“Please.” She clawed at their shoulders, needing them, needing one of them to fuck her.
Mikhel lifted his head. Zach followed. The two men looked at her for a breathless moment. Then Mikhel nodded.
“Take her, man. Our sweet little wolf needs some cock and you’ve wrung me dry.”
They both knew that Mikhel could have fucked her. He was always good for more than one time. But instead, he rolled back, opening the space between her legs, leaving with one delicate bite to the inside of her thigh and a kiss on Zach’s mouth, licking at a trace of Taylor’s pussy juices.
He didn’t go far. Mikhel crawled up the side of the bed and lay down beside her, his lips kissing her breast, slowly lapping at her nipple, tasting it before gently sucking. The light caress reverberated through her body and she pumped her hips up, seeking the relief she needed.
Zach rose over her and slid inside, his cock reaching long and deep. Mikhel smoothed his hand down her stomach spreading his fingers wide across her hips as if he could feel Zach inside her.
“That’s it, ride her gently.”
Zach began to move, deep full thrusts. Mikhel’s hand skipped from her body to Zach’s, smoothing across his ass squeezing, testing. Zach turned his head and grabbed a kiss from Mikhel even as he fucked her. Their bodies worked together. The three of them loving. Taylor touched both men, her body and soul tuned to them. Needing both of them.
It was Zach’s cock inside her body but Mikhel filled her as well. He lay beside her, slipping his fingers between her legs, stroking her clit as Zach penetrated. Her pussy shivered, tingling, the sweet start to a long, hard climax.
“She’s coming, Mikhel.”
“Yes. Fuck her. That’s it. Give her your cock.” He pulsed his fingers over her mound, adding a wicked pressure to her clit as Zach fucked her. The caress set off the explosion.
She heard herself cry out but couldn’t contain the sound. Her body arched back, contracting to contain the wild pleasure that jolted from her cunt. Hot streams pulsed into her as Zach came inside her. His weight fell forward, tipping to the side as he pulled out of her.
The sensual exhaustion she’d grown so used to in the past year settled on her as Mikhel pulled her to his side, snuggling her against his chest. It took a few minutes before Zach came to her, as if he was too wiped out to make his muscles function. Finally, he rolled over, sliding up against her back, taking his place behind her, warming her. She reached behind her and caressed his jaw. The light kiss and bite to the palm of her hand comforted her.
Locked in their warm embraces—snuggled safely between her lovers—Taylor drifted off to sleep.
* * * * *
The sun was shining full through the window when they finally decided getting out of bed was a good idea. Not that Mikhel thought they were done fucking for the day. Not by a long shot. Even now he was only letting them go because the persistent stomach growls were too distracting during sex. He had the full day to have them. The need to reclaim each of them, mount them and fuck them, burned in his stomach, calling on the instincts of the wolf and the were inside him.
He took a deep breath and kept both creatures soothed inside him with the promise of fucking as soon as their physical hunger was satisfied.
Mikhel looked over and watched Zach pull on his jeans, amazed at how comfortable he was watching the other man dress. His lover. He’d taken Zach as his lover. The idea still shocked him if he thought about it too long but he couldn’t regret it. The bond between him and Zach had tightened through the night, strengthening him and strengthening their pack.
He didn’t care if it was contrary to pack law. Zach belonged to him, as much as Taylor. Zach was his Beta and belonged in his bed.
But what would his parents say when they found out? If they found out. There were ways to hide it. But did he really want to do that? What would that say about Zach? A wolf pack was centered on respect. If Zach felt like he wasn’t respected, he would disrupt the pack. They were small now—Mikhel had felt no desire to expand his pack in the last year—but soon others would be asked to join. No, he would have to find a way to tell his parents.
Taylor curled her hand around his cock as if to comfort him, as if she sensed the direction of his thoughts.
“Your parents,” Zach said as he stared out the window.
Man, it was like they were psychic. No, that would be just too weird.
“What about them?” Mikhel’s voice was deep and battered from lack of sleep.
“They just drove up.”
“What?” He sat up, practically flinging Taylor out of the bed with the sudden movement. He grabbed her, catching her before she tumbled to the ground. Holding her against him, he looked up at Zach. “Repeat that?”
“Your parents and it looks like Byron just pulled up and are getting out of their car.”
The grim tone of Zach’s voice alerted Mikhel that Zach was thinking the same thing as he was.
“Fuck.”
“Exactly.”
“What?” Taylor asked, shaking her hair out of her eyes. “Your parents are great. I like your parents.”
“I like my parents too. Just not right now.” Fuck. There was no way to get around it. He set Taylor aside and climbed out of bed, grabbing a pair of fresh jeans. “I’ll go greet them. You guys jump into the shower. Fuck.”
Taylor pulled the sheet up to her breasts. “What is the problem?”
“His parents will be able to smell us on him and on each other. It will be very clear that you and I have been together.”
“And that you and he…” Her words faded away.
“Exactly.” Mikhel looked out the window. His father and Byron were carrying grocery bags and talking, looking around the property. His father pointed toward the lake and he knew they were looking at the new dock he and Zach had built. He looked at his friend. “Not that I’m planning to hide…this.” He wasn’t sure what to call it. He wasn’t gay. No other man attracted him but he’d enjoyed fucking Zach. And Taylor. He wanted them both. Loved them both. And he didn’t want Zach to feel he wasn’t a part of that love.
“I’m not offended,” Zach said, shaking his head and crossing his arms on his chest. The corner of Zach’s mouth kicked up in a smirk. “I’m just glad we get to practice on your parents before mine find out.”
Great. The ring of the doorbell stalled any other discussion. “Just get cleaned up,” he said as he headed for the stairs. He’d let his hair grow again in the past year and now he scraped it back, out of his eyes. He loped down the stairs and opened the door, standing back, not getting too close. There was no way they would be able to miss the smells on him. Taylor and Zach’s scents covered his body.
He forced a smile as he saw his parents and his father’s Beta. “Hey, what are you guys doing here?” he asked, still clinging to the door. He meant what he’d said. He didn’t expect to hide the fact that he’d taken a male lover but he’d hoped there would be time to prepare his parents before it was blatantly displayed.
His mom’s face lit up with a full smile. “Well, today is the one-year anniversary of your pack so we thought we’d help you celebrate.”
His dad raised one of the grocery bags. “We brought food.”
“Great. That’s great.” They were expecting to stay the day.
“Are we interrupting something?” Dad asked.
“Uh no. Nothing.”
“Going to invite us in?”
Damn, he’d left them standing on the porch. “Of course. Come in.” He backed up as he opened the door. “Zach and Taylor are here. Why don’t I go get cleaned up and we’ll be down to join you in just a few minutes? The kitchen’s that way.” He said as he ran back up the stairs, mentally slapping himself. They know where the kitchen is. They built this place thirty years ago.
He walked into the bathroom and found Taylor drying off with a towel. The sight of her naked body made him remember the night before, the way she’d rubbed herself across him, loving him. Reminding him as Zach sucked his cock that she was his lover. His love.
“You doing okay?” she asked, rubbing her hair with the towel. Mikhel couldn’t resist touching her. He stepped close and cupped her breast even as his teeth scraped across her shoulder.
“Hmm, I’m better now.”
She laughed and tried to nudge him away, but he wouldn’t be moved. His hand slid down her stomach, leaving a trail of heat behind, and pushed between her legs. Her body responded as she’d done for the past year. She spread her legs and opened herself to him.
“No, Mikhel, we don’t have time.” He stopped her protest by kissing her, pushing his tongue into her mouth. She knew he was just playing so she let the kiss go for a moment then dragged her mouth away. “Your parents are waiting.”
“Let them wait.”
She laughed because she could tell he didn’t mean it. “No. Besides, you’ll get your scent all over me again and they’ll know what we’ve been doing.” That was one part of the special werewolf senses that kind of creeped her out. That the other wolves would know when she’d had sex, when she was ovulating. Mikhel said most wolves were so exceeding polite that none would ever comment even if they did notice.
“Doesn’t matter. You smell like me and Zach already. One shower isn’t going to hide that.” He squeezed her ass and stepped away, turning the water back on and stripping off his clothes.
“I’ll head down and play hostess. Do we have anything to offer them to drink?”
“Champagne. I got a couple bottles last night. That one we didn’t finish is probably no—”
She watched the realization hit Mikhel’s eyes. The living room was a wreck. Their clothes—all three sets—were torn and strewn across the living room. Three empty glasses.
“I think I’ll go tidy the living room.”




Chapter Fourteen

Taylor knew she was blushing as she went downstairs. Male lovers not withstanding, it was embarrassing to have your boyfriend’s parents know you’d been having sex in the living room. And had torn each other’s clothes off. Literally. She remembered the claw marks that scored Zach’s T-shirt and his skin underneath. Those distinctive marks could only be made by a werewolf.
She bypassed the kitchen where she could hear Mikhel’s mom and dad talking and hurried into the living room, coming to a quick stop at the sight before her. Sunlight streamed through the windows illuminating the room—and the three piles of clothes, neatly folded and stacked along the wall. The champagne flutes were gone as was the half-drunk bottle. It was too much to hope that Zach had made it downstairs and cleaned up.
Feeling her cheeks burn bright red, she forced her feet to carry her into the kitchen. Marisha was standing at the sink, rinsing soapsuds off the last champagne glass. Rike and Byron sat at the breakfast bar sipping coffee.
“Hi!” Taylor greeted, feeling weird and on display, like they could look at her and know how she’d spent the past twelve hours.
“Taylor, good morning and happy anniversary,” Rike said, standing up and giving her a big hug. Byron followed suit.
“Happy anniversary, Little Luna,” Byron said, using the diminutive term for her role within Rike’s pack.
It took Taylor a second to figure out what anniversary they were referring to but then she remembered. A year ago, at this house. She looked out the back door. After Mikhel had broken it down, they’d replaced it with French doors that opened onto the deck. They’d also had to replace the living room windows after he’d thrown Zach through them. She still cringed when she thought about that part of the night.
But there had been so much that was good as well.
“Thank you. It’s great to see you guys.” She walked over to Marisha and gave her a hug since the woman’s hands were still elbow deep in soapy water. “You didn’t have to do that,” Taylor said, keeping her voice low. She knew who had cleaned up their living room.
“I thought it was best.” She winked at Taylor. “Sticky champagne is difficult to wash up.”
Taylor nodded. “How was the drive up?” she asked, forcing herself to be polite despite the fact that her stomach was turning loop-de-loops.
“Good, but we started out before breakfast so we’re starved.” Byron nodded to the brown paper bags sitting on the counter. “We brought food. Thought we’d fire up the barbecue.”
“It’s ten o’clock in the morning.”
“And we’re hungry. Bet your boys are hungry too. Nothing like a little rare steak to start the day.”
Taylor shuddered at the idea. Even with the werewolf senses and the increased strength and cravings and sexual urges, she hadn’t developed a taste for the way Zach and Mikhel ate their meat. Almost raw. Yeech. It was disgusting but none of the people here would understand that.
“Uh, sure. It’s on the deck. I hope you can work it because Mikhel and Zach are the cooks around here.”
She realized what she’d said as she led them to the back door. She’d admitted that Zach lived here. What the hell. They were going to find out soon enough. Very soon if what Mikhel and Zach had said was true, that his parents would be able to smell the men on each other and know they were lovers.
Zach came down first, greeting Marisha with a hesitant smile and polite nod. Taylor knew it was because Zach had been part of their pack for so long, it was difficult to break the habits of a lifetime…but now his loyalty belonged to Mikhel and Taylor.
Mikhel came down a few minutes later. His wet hair was combed back away from his face but already starting to fall forward. He placed a quick kiss on Taylor’s neck then hugged his mother. She was working at the stove, frying sausage. Taylor moved around the kitchen, helping out. She looked at Mikhel and shrugged, as if to indicate she didn’t know what was really happening.
“Where are Dad and Byron?”
“Oh we brought steaks and they’re getting the barbecue going,” his mother answered.
Mikhel nodded then looked at his mate. “I’d better go warn them that Taylor actually likes her steak cooked.” He shuddered. “Yeech.”
Taylor growled and Mikhel laughed as he left the kitchen.
He went through the dining room toward the back deck and stopped. Byron and his father were standing beside the grill, talking. Their heads were close together, their bodies almost touching. It seemed strangely intimate for two men. As Mikhel opened the door, they moved apart, subtly distancing themselves from each other.
“Hey there,” Byron called. “Nice setup here. You guys have done a lot with the place.”
“Thanks. Yeah, it’s coming along.” They talked for a bit as his dad worked to get the coals going. Finally a nice hot fire burned. Mikhel knew from past experience his father and Byron could stand by a barbecue for hours, watching the grill, fiddling with it. He’d never understood the fascination but he could see Zach had those same leanings. He started to go back inside. “Oh and Taylor likes her steak medium.”
“Medium what?”
“You know, medium done. She likes it almost halfway cooked.” It had taken him most of the year to get her not to insist on her steak completely done. Her wolf needed more red meat in its diet.
Byron and his father looked at him, their lips curling in twin looks of disgust. “Halfway cooked? Really? Yeech.” His father looked at the grill as if he wasn’t sure the barbecue would do that. “Okay, well, tell her I’m not sure how it will turn out but I’ll give it a shot.” He shook his head and looked at Byron, and Mikhel knew the two men would be talking about Taylor’s peculiar tastes for a long time.
He went back into the house and found Taylor and Zach scarfing down sausages. “I thought we were having steak,” he said though his stomach rumbled. It was such a strange morning, feeling very surreal to him. His mother had taken over the kitchen, his father and Byron were in the backyard grilling. It was just like being at home. Except his two lovers were there, currently eating sausage.
“We are, but it will be a bit before the other food is done and I couldn’t stand the sound of their stomachs growling any longer.” Taylor paused in the middle of chewing but after a moment kept going.
The lovely scent of the sausage grabbed at Mikhel’s hunger as well and he realized he was starving. There was plenty of food left. His mother knew how to cook for werewolves and last night had taken a lot out of him.
He glanced at Zach and had the urge to lean over and kiss him, taste the strong flavor of the sausage on his mouth. He looked at Taylor and saw her lick her lips and God, he wanted her licking his. His mother moved around behind them and Mikhel wanted to scream. He loved his parents, he really did, but right now he wanted them gone. His plans of the three of them in the kitchen eating breakfast, Taylor naked and sitting on his cock while he fed her, were gone.
His cock twitched and he shifted, untucking his shirt and pulling it down to cover his erection. Zach smiled and Mikhel noticed that Zach’s shirt was already hanging long. Perfect. Now he knew that Zach was hard, and the delicious scent of Taylor’s pussy told him she was wet.
And his parents were here.
“I’m going to take these out to your father,” his mom said, holding the plate of lightly seasoned steaks. As she walked away, a familiar scent teased his nose. He tilted his head, trying to identify it. Following slowly behind, he watched through the window as his mother walked across the deck. She handed the platter to her husband, easing herself between the two men. If he hadn’t been watching for it, Mikhel would have missed it. The slow swipe of Byron’s hand down his mother’s hip, a gentle squeeze to her ass. That was more than a friendly caress. She laughed and leaned against the man Mikhel had always thought of as merely his father’s Beta. She said something else then turned and walked back. Mikhel continued to watch the two men, noticing the close contact of their bodies as they worked. Hmmm.
* * * * *
Brunch was delicious and filling. The sausage hadn’t been enough to fill the void left by last night’s activities. His body was cranked up. Hungry for food and sex. Last night they’d started to bond but Mikhel looked at Zach and Taylor and knew he wanted more. Wanted, needed to spend time with them. His body was humming with the need to fuck. Either of them. Both of them.
Or have Zach fuck Taylor’s pussy while he rode her ass. Yes, that was perfect. His cock, still hard, throbbed inside his jeans and he was glad the table covered him. His parents would probably scent the desire in the room but having them actually see he had a hard-on was a completely different thing.
He kept his attention on the meal, eating heartily even as his mind tried to ignore the driving need to fuck. And tried to deal with the truth that he’d never recognized in his twenty-nine years.
He sipped his champagne, listening as a friendly family silence settled on the table. He fiddled with the glass for a moment before he raised his eyes to his father. After a moment, his father seemed to sense his stare and returned it.
Byron had been right. They were too much alike to be in the same pack. Too dominant. Too much the Alpha. Even here, Mikhel had to remind himself that his father wasn’t threatening his position. Merely visiting. Byron sat on his father’s left, his mother sat on the right.
“So,” Mikhel said, sitting back in his chair—not relaxed but showing he wasn’t challenging his father. “How long have the three of you been lovers?”
Taylor gasped and snapped her gaze to Mikhel, looking at him for several breaths before she stared at his parents. His father held his gaze for a long time as if evaluating the challenge. Then he too sat back, his hand stroking his wife’s arm.
“Since before you were born.”
Mikhel nodded. He sensed Taylor’s agitation and Zach’s surprise but he didn’t look away from his father. Parts of his world shifted into a different place, memories changed in this new context. All those nights he’d woken up to find Byron had dropped by for breakfast. He’d been so blind.
“What about the three of you?”
“About twelve hours.”
Byron groaned. “Damn.” He scratched his head and looked at Mikhel’s parents. They both shook their heads.
“Sorry. We didn’t mean to interrupt. You should have sent us home.” His dad stood up. “Let’s go. They probably want time together.”
Taylor stood up and said, “No, you don’t have to leave.”
Rike looked at Mikhel and Zach and seemed to notice that neither of them was protesting. “I think your men disagree. We know how it is. You need time alone.”
Mikhel was thankful that his father had suggested leaving. Another time, maybe next year, he’d love to spend the day celebrating, but today, he needed his lovers. Needed to strengthen the bond that had been started last night.
Taylor stood up, knocking her napkin to the floor. She bent over. Her skirt clung to her ass and Mikhel’s cock pulsed.
He needed to fuck his pretty mate.
“Hell yeah,” Zach said in a low voice as if he could read Mikhel’s thoughts. He stared at Taylor’s ass as well and Mikhel smiled. Poor Taylor had missed out on some loving last night because Mikhel and Zach had been exploring each other, but they would rectify that now.
Taylor straightened, smiling as she looked around the room. Her eyes got wide when she saw Mikhel and Zach staring at her. She swallowed deeply. It didn’t take a mind reader to know what they were thinking.
“Uh, we should see your parents off.”
The front door slammed shut and she flinched.
“They’re gone.”
“But they didn’t even say goodbye.” She was a little hurt by that but that was something she could deal with later. The boys definitely had plans. Her heart fluttered at the potential she saw in their eyes.
“You can call them later.” Mikhel stepped forward.
“I—” She didn’t get a chance to finish. Zach crowded her from behind, insinuating his cock between her ass cheeks, and Mikhel approached from the front, giving her no escape. She shivered. Not that she wanted one. She had to remember human conventions didn’t always matter to werewolves. Mikhel’s parents hadn’t meant to be rude. They’d wanted to give the lovers time alone.
Zach’s hand smoothed up her hip but his palm stopped halfway.
“Hmm, bad news, Mikhel. She’s wearing panties.”
“Panties?” Mikhel rubbed his hand down her ass as if to check for himself. “You know better than that, baby. What if I wanted to slide my finger into your cunt while I was eating?”
She swallowed, trying to concentrate on her answer, not on the fact that she was in immediate danger of one of Mikhel’s punishments. Her nipples tightened painfully and a flood of moisture drenched her pussy. Just the promise of punishment aroused her and she knew that would be just the beginning. Mikhel could spend hours keeping her on the verge of coming, turning her into a creature consumed by her senses, begging for relief, promising anything if he’d only fuck her.
She glanced at the back door and calculated her chances of making it outside. Not good but it might be her only option.
“Your parents were here.” She tried to back up but Zach’s body stopped her. Traitor. She glared at him but he grinned, his eyes sparkling with a life she hadn’t seen in weeks. But he still didn’t move. Previously he tended to temper Mikhel’s punishments but for some reason she suspected now that he and Mikhel were lovers, he’d join in the torment. “I didn’t think you’d want me to be bare while they were here.”
It sounded like a good excuse.
Mikhel shook his head. “Now, baby, you know how we like to have access to your cunt while we’re at home. No panties.”
She gulped and made her decision. There was no way she was going to get out of this without some kind of retribution, unless she could drive Mikhel to fuck her.
She nodded and pulled her skirt up, subtly sliding from between the two men, indicating that she needed space. She slipped her hands up under the long skirt and pulled down her underwear, letting it drop to the ground as she stepped out of it, slowly backing away. The mint green panties caught the attention of her men and she used the distraction. She spun around, simultaneously grabbing the keys to the French doors. She ripped open the door and slammed it shut behind her, jamming the key in the lock and turning. It was a safety feature. With the glass doors, once it was locked, you needed the key to get in or out. The boys were locked in.
Breathless, amazed that she’d made it this far, she paused to look through the door. Mikhel and Zach stood on the other side, the heat in Mikhel’s eyes practically burning through the glass.
“Are you sure a game of chase is a wise decision at this time?” he growled through the door, his hand resting on the handle, tightening.
She laughed—knowing the sound would push him over the edge, just where she wanted him. She pulled her skirt up until the hem brushed the tops of her thighs, not quite revealing her pussy. “If you want it, you’ll have to work for it.”
Mikhel’s shout shook the glass and she knew it was time to go. Glad that she wore flat shoes, she took off. The lock would delay them for a few minutes but it wasn’t much. They wouldn’t be far behind.
The wolf that had developed inside her came to life, loving the game, giving Taylor extra strength. She couldn’t outrun Mikhel or Zach but she’d give them a good run. She headed for the forest, knowing that was her best chance. And knowing she had no chance at all.
Mikhel would be right behind her. He wouldn’t let her get away with this, which of course was her ultimate goal.
Tree branches cracked behind her and she knew the boys had cleared the house and were giving chase. She increased her speed but only one of the males followed. Her wolf growled its defiance and joy.
As she ran, she tore at her clothes. For her plan to work, she’d best be naked when Mikhel finally caught her. She tossed her blouse and her bra away but had to stop to take off the long skirt.
She took a moment to listen. No sounds followed her. Had they abandoned the chase? No. Her mates liked to play too much. That meant they were stalking her.
Leaving her shoes on, she loped forward, following the trail. The path opened up in front of her—the same clearing where Mikhel had fucked her last year. She headed for the far side, for the exit that led deeper into the forest. The lake. If she made it to the lake…Zach appeared, blocking the pathway. She jerked to a stop and he shook his head.
Mikhel came in behind her and she spun to face him.
Red lights flickered in his eyes, warning he was close to the edge. Good.
Surreptitiously toeing off her shoes, she walked forward, completely, facing the beast, challenging him. A low, dangerous growl erupted from Mikhel’s throat. She dropped her eyes and lowered her head. When she got close, she turned her back to him and knelt down, leaning forward onto her elbows, raising her pussy up in offering, knowing what the sight of her naked cunt did to him.
“Fuck me, my Alpha,” she begged, letting her voice drop, low and submissive, calling to the beast inside him.
A roar shook the trees and she heard the sound of material ripping. Seconds later, Mikhel’s cock filled her, hard and deep, slamming into her with almost painful force. Streaks of fire ran down her sides and she knew Mikhel’s claws were marking her skin. She moaned and thrust her hips back, meeting his cock, taking him deeper.
It was rough and wild and perfect. Her body, primed by the chase and the hunger of the werewolf, tightened to orgasm twice before Mikhel finally came inside her. He pulled out of her and dropped down beside her. She didn’t move, held her position. Zach knelt down behind her and slid his cock into her. Her pussy fluttered, reacting to the new penetration, the slower speed, concentrated pulses that made her ache. He rode her gently as Mikhel watched, his eyes flickering between blue and the mystic red. Finally, they both cried out and Zach pumped himself into her.
When he withdrew from her pussy, she sat up on her heels, squeezing her knees together, feeling their cum slide from inside her body. Mikhel lay on the grass, looking lazy, satisfied, but the hard length of his cock told her all she needed to know. She crawled to his side and lapped at his shaft, tickling her tongue up and down the delicious cock, tasting her own flavor on him. When he began to pump up and down, she pulled back and swung her leg over him, straddling him, guiding his cock into her.
Her pussy tightened for a moment, almost resisting the invader, before she relaxed and he slipped inside, drawing groans from both of them. The scents of the forest and their lovemaking filled her head, making her drunk on the sensations. She rocked her hips but felt no need to move on him, just the pure pleasure of having him inside her was enough for now. She looked over her shoulder. Zach watched with hot eyes as Mikhel tightened his hands on her ass and held her still while he thrust upward.
“Zach, come here, man. She needs those pretty tits sucked while I ride this pussy.”
She moaned her agreement, wanting Zach with her. He knelt beside her, his mouth immediately zeroing in on her nipple, sucking her deep, knowing that she was too far gone for a delicate touch. As he pulled back, he flicked his tongue across the peak, promising more, than he turned and applied the same wicked caress to Mikhel’s nipple. Mikhel punched his hips up as Zach’s teeth closed around the flat point.
She looked down at the two men, the words, the relief, the wild pleasure flowing through her body.
“I love you,” she said, knowing both would hear it. Zach raised his head and nodded. He rarely said the words back, as if he reserved that right for Mikhel but she knew his feelings were as strong as hers.
“I love you too, baby,” Mikhel said his eyes flashing red. “But you’re still going to pay for wearing panties in my house.”

