
NIGHT SWIMMING
Songs I Like: Volume I

by

Mia Soto

Text copyright © 2014 Mia Soto

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition

To my Yankee.  With Love.
Chapter 1

“Laura Lucy Lynn Linear!”
The screen door leading to the deep wrap around porch slammed loudly but not loudly enough to drown out the call.  A girl about nine scampered frantically down the porch stairs.  The chestnut mane fell well down her back glittering in deep hues of reds and browns lit up from the bright rays of the Virginia summer sun.  Green cat eyes too big for the little girl face they sat in widened when she realized she was caught.
“Lucy Lynn, you stop right there!”
“Aww, man,” the little girl muttered stamping around to face the woman standing at the top of the stairs.  The woman was bright faced from chasing the girl through the old country house but it didn’t change the fact that she was a sight to behold.  She was wearing daisy dukes and a razorback-t that fit like it should.  If Lucy Lynn was wondering what she was going to look like in about fifteen years, this was it.  The woman’s hair was done like she was dressing for an important evening and her makeup was equally set.  But she was angry, spitting angry.
“Where you think you’re goin’?”
“I said I’d be right back.”  Lucy Lynn put her gangly arms on her narrow hips.  She was dressed in mid thigh shorts and a ratty t-shirt that said ‘I’m the boss and don’t forget it.’ Her Converse sneakers were worn and dirty.
“We gotta go.  Get back in here.”  The woman was fanning her flushed face with her hands.  “My makeup is goin’ run chasin’ you like that! Now get in here.”
“Honestly, Marcie Mae.  Can you get off my back for God sake?”
“Lucy Lynn stop your blasphemy and show some respect.”
The girl hung her head shamed. “Yes, m’am.”
Marcie Mae’s face softened.  “Where you gotta go?”
“Just som’in I gotta do.”  Lucy Lynn looked up then her brow furrowed.  “You wearn’ that bra we got at the mall?”
Marcie Mae flushed.  “Honestly Lucy Lynn, you gotta learn to edit yourself.”
“It looks good.”  The little girl shrugged.  “You’re som’in to behold you’re so beautiful.”  And she was, Marcie Mae.  She was a modern day Botticelli with her mane of chestnut locks and green cat eyes.  Her body was lush and feminine.  It had the curves naturally that most Victoria Secret models had to go out and buy.
“Don’ try butter’n me up.  We gotta leave in an hour.”
“I know.  I’ll be back.  I promise.”  She looked so earnest.
Marcie Mae cocked a hip and considered the request.  “You got twenty minutes.”  She held up her hands as Lucy Lynn’s face lit up.  “If I find you before you find me, you’re goin’ regret it.”  Lucy Lynn nodded vigorously.  “Alright then.”
The girl had turned before the words had ended calling out over her shoulders, “I love you Marcie Mae!”
Marcie Mae shook her head as she walked back into the house.  “Yeah, I love you too baby girl.”

*****

She climbed the stairs and pushed up the wooden door.  He wasn’t there yet.  Jack!  She’d told him not to be late.  She closed the door back down and opened a file with a neatly printed title: Operation Lose the Loser.  It was full of papers.  It had addresses.  It had names.  It had family trees.  It even had a few pictures, albeit grainy ones, run in the society and business section of certain papers.  She heard scraping and then the wooden door jerked against its lock.
“Lucy Lynn, open up.”  Jack called.
“You gotta use the knock.”
Time ticked until she heard him sigh.  “I don’ remember it.”
“Well then I guess you can’ come in.”
“Lucy Lynn!”
“Alright, just this once.” She flipped the lock and the wood pushed up a second later.  A young boy crawled up into the tree house and settled the door back over its frame.  He was flushed when he looked up and the red of his face illuminated his blue eyes.  “You run here?” She asked.
“Yeah.  Daddy had me doin’ some’n and I lost track of time.”  His drawl was as real as all the others.  His darkly blond hair was floppy but not long and he had the gangly body of an early teenager.  “So what’s goin’ on?”
“We gotta think of some’n soon.  The weddin’s next Saturday.  Why don’t we go back to the first idea?”
“Sneakin’ on the Greyhound?”  He asked and she nodded.  “They’ll catch you before you can bat an eye.  No it’s gotta be some’n better.  I told you I was goin’ think on it.”
“But we’re runnin’ outta time.  She’s goin’ do this ‘cause that’s what she is – too good for this world.  But she won’ do it if I ain’t here bein’ a burden.”  Lucy Lynn flipped through the papers as she spoke.
“You know you goin’ break her heart leavin’.”
Lucy Lynn looked up seriously and swallowed back the truth of that hurt.  “Yeah, but she’ll see it’s best soon ‘nough.”  She held up a clipping from a paper a few years before.  “See I even look like him.”  She looked at it again and shook off the notion that she looked nothing like him, or her mother for that fact.  It was one of her great hesitations.  She and Jack had been earnestly looking for a better photograph, one that showed even the slightest resemblance.
Jack tilted her face up to his with a finger and smiled gently.  The moment lingered and morphed into something not totally comfortable for either of them.  Jack dropped his hand and cleared his throat.
“Were you goin’ to kiss me Jack?”  She teased coyly.
“No!”  He huffed.  “I don’ kiss little girls.”
“I ain’t little.”  Indignation was written all over her face.
“You’re nine and I’m thirteen.  I think that might even be agains’ the law.”
“Why?  I been kissed before.”  She nodded as if he should have known as much.
“By who?”  He was fully disbelieving.
“Bobby.”
“Bobby?  How’d you get him to do that?  He’s afraid of his own shadow.”
She looked down at the file pretending to reread some of the papers and muttered, “he was sleepin’.”
Jack laughed.  “Well then it don’ count.”
“Why not?”
“’Cause he couldn’ kiss you back.”  She looked beaten.  “I’ll tell you what.  You get to be fifteen and you still ain’t been kissed.  Come find me and I’ll do it.”  She lit up.   He warned with a protective growl, “And don’ go tryin’ to get yourself kissed.  After everythin’ I put up with I get that prize.”
“I ain’t goin’ get kissed.” She huffed.
His eyes took in that face just on the edge of blossoming into unattainable beauty.  He quickly shook off whatever was floating in the forefront of his thoughts.“Lucy Lynn you’re exactly the kissable kind.”
“Whateva’,” she muttered and then tossed a cheap drug store mask that looked like a chicken at him.  “Here put this on.  I read ‘bout some voodoo thing that might help us.  It said we need real chickens but I don’ have none of them so we gonna pretend like we’re chickens.”
His look was disbelieving astonishment.  “I ain’t puttin’ this on.”
“Then go.”
He looked at the mask again then finally pulled it over his head.  “Honestly Lucy Lynn, I neva’ met a bigga’ drama queen.”

*****

At four thirty exactly he stood from the carved glass desk and went into his bathroom.  He kicked off his bespoke Lobb shoes, stripped his tailored shirt and vest, and brushed his teeth.  Then he washed his face with a light herbal soap using a smoothing face cream after, both of which he had flown in from Beijing.  With one of the soft cotton terry cloth rags bought yearly in Paris, he cleaned up lightly in the deep porcelain sink.  His deodorant was purchased from Bergorfs and like all of his toiletries it was replaced monthly regardless of whether it was finished.  He combed his dark, clean cut hair in the conservative manner he liked and dropped lubricating drops into his blue eyes.  Grabbing a clean shirt from the line of immaculate tailored shirts that hung in his custom closet, he tucked it in, retied his silk tie and buttoned up his vest before returning to his desk to continue his work in front of the three massive flatscreen monitors.  His intent was only to finish off a few correspondence and wrap up.
A few hours later the soothing sound of a woman’s voice came over his speakerphone.  “Mr. Bisso?  Shall I have the car brought around?”
Will looked into the multi-timezone clock screen that was incorporated into the face of his glass desk.  It was six thirty.  So much for stopping by his parent’s on the way to his evening.  He’d call from the car.  “At seven.  Call Ms Hardin and let her know I’m running late.”  The Asian markets were opening in a few hours and he needed to do some things before he left.  Tomorrow was going to be instrumental in solidifying the urban myth of William Reynolds Bisso IV in Wall Street, no - financial markets worldwide, folklore.
A half hour later he slipped into the sleek BMW custom ordered sedan.  Its windows were so dark nothing could be seen beyond them.  Once inside the quiet luxury of the vehicle he slumped down resting his head against the head rest.  His drink, Scotch (Yamazaki to be exact) on the rocks, sloshed gently next to him when the car pulled smoothly away from the curb.
Will’s blue eyes stared blankly out of the window not taking in the bustling rhythms of New York at night.  A thought suddenly occurred to him, “LD, did you drop that package?”
“Yes sir,” the driver called back to him.
“Good,” he nodded and fell back into his blank reverie.
Thirty minutes later he pulled up to a glossy loft building in Chelsea.  LD was opening the back door before Will could put his drink down.  The day was shedding from him.  The city was gearing up for one of her favorite nights -Thursday night, the unofficial start to the weekend for most single, happening New York professionals.  Recently, though, Thursday nights had lost their luster for him for some reason.  More than a few of them he had spent in his office or at home alone with his laptop flipped open and the game (any game) on.  This Thursday night he had social obligations for work.  He needed to see and be seen.  It was as much a part of his job as anything he did.  So he enjoyed his free moment on the somewhat quiet neighborhood street stretching in the night air which was sweet instead of rank for once.  He was tired.  His long body cocked side to side as he tried to twist his back into feeling better than it did.  Of course, she wasn’t waiting.
“Right back,” he said to LD.  LD nodded and stood back. LD was a big, big guy who looked like an ex NFL linebacker.  He was ex-Navy SEAL and nothing to be trifled with.
The elevator stopped on the third floor.  On auto pilot Will turned to the right and hit the bell.  There were only two units per floor.  A moment later she flung open the door dressed in lacy lingerie, the very lacy lingerie he’d sent over earlier.  She wasn’t a model for nothing.  She was stunning – beautiful face, gorgeous, thin body that made more money in a day posing and preening than most do in a lifetime - and just about nothing else going for her.  She cackled at his stunned face and pulled him into the apartment.  In another moment he was in her hard, wrapped up in protection because he had no interest in social diseases or life altering bundles of joy from calculating girlfriends.
“No, I want to watch myself,” she complained when he turned her against the wall.
He hid the roll of his eyes and turned back to the table they had been situated on so that she could watch herself get laid in the mirror to their right.  At this point in the relationship, this was perfunctory.  They screwed, went out and hob nobbed and didn’t even bother pretending like they wanted to go home with each other at the end of the night.  That night wasn’t going to be any different.
“So they call me today and are like you need to get a plane for Tokyo tonight.  I mean really.  Can I have some notice?  Who do they think they are?”  She was fixing her make up in the car between the restaurant and night club.  They had met with a potential client of his firm at Nobu.  She’d done her job well as eye candy.  It had seemed she’d take the hot Pierce Brosnan looking one home with her to help Will seal the deal if he wanted.  The club stop was his bone to her, a thank you for a job, done.  As he eyed her preening for the next stop he knew even the casual convenience of this wasn’t worth having to endure her for much longer.  He put it on his bucket list to send her a nice something from somewhere with a ‘it’s not you it’s me note’.  He doubted she’d be too upset.  She went on oblivious to his musings, “do they know who I am?  I told them no.  He’s a low rent designer anyway.”  She flipped the gold compact closed and dropped it into her Leiber clutch.  She gasped, “I forgot to tell you.  They booked me for Chanel!  Chanel!  This is huge.  No more catalogue!  High fashion baby, I’m taking this to the next level.”
Will listened to her go on and on until he felt like he was going to snap.  Then he did, kind of.  “Hey, mind if I drop you off?  I have a big day tomorrow.”
She looked surprised for a moment then smiled.  “Sure baby.”
He resisted the urge to grunt.  She’d gotten laid by him time to go trolling for some different ass.  A minute later they pulled up in front of the pulsing night club and she jumped out without so much as a peck to the cheek.  He slumped down again.
“Home, LD.”
The car pulled away leaving the chaos of nightlife behind him.  Thirty minutes later he walked into his Upper East side apartment.  He’d bought one side of a floor and combined it into one nine thousand square foot bachelor pad.  Everyone said he should have bought the whole floor or a penthouse.  This was the place he wanted.  It had the perfect view uptown and downtown and into the park.  If he ever decided to do that whole marriage/kid thing then he might upgrade.
The apartment was dark and empty, his maid having left hours before.  He opened the fridge to find the plate of food she always left for him in case he was still hungry when he came in.  He poured milk into a heavy glass he pulled from the sleek cabinets and then wandered into the sweeping room that faced out into the park.  He ate his sandwich and drank his milk in the dark, alone, standing in front of his ten foot tall glass doors.  Thoughts of work danced in his head.  He didn’t think about much else.  He certainly didn’t think he was missing out on anything.  His was a life envied and admired.  He was lucky.  Everything else? That was middle of the country aspirations.  And William Reynolds Bisso IV, he could never be mistaken for middle of the country, never.
He’d graduated top of his class Dalton.  Then he’d done his obligatory stints at the Ivy’s for his multiple degrees.  But he had been well on his way to being the Wall Street Whiz Kid long before he finished his first semester at Princeton.  Wall Street loved pedigree but it loved money makers more.  And when the two combined it was instant orgasm.  Will was old, old, old money and Wall Street loved him for it.  They loved him as much as he hated it.  The day he became financially independent enough not to give a shit about the trusts and trusts of money that had been held over his head all of his life was the greatest day of his life.  And he’d spent the next ten years making sure nothing, nothing had that kind of power over him again.
Chapter 2

The restaurant was old and stuffy just like the club it resided within.  Lucy Lynn was hunched down in her chair furiously mapping out ideas and outcomes to her situation.  She had on her blue, lacy dress that she saved only for the most special occasions.  Marcie Mae was fawning over Linton’s family like she always did.  She looked beautiful as ever in the Banana Republic dress they’d bought together last week at the mall.  It was the nicest thing she’d ever owned and Lucy Lynn was happy she’d been able to convince her aunt to buy it.
It was embarrassing watching Marcie Mae try to fit in with her soon to be in-laws and Lucy Lynn worked hard not to let the disgust show on her face.  Linton was lording over the table like he always did ordering the waiters around, pushing his parents around and talking down to Marcie Mae like a religion.  Linton’s grandfather sitting right next to Lucy Lynn belched loud enough to be heard across the restaurant.  Lucy Lynn’s face lit up in humor.
“Mama, honestly,” Linton drawled.  “Why do we have to bring PawPaw everywhere?  We could bring him back something.”
“He’s your PawPaw.  I know you important now but you gotta do right by your family.”
“Mama, use better English.  It’s embarrassing listening to you.”  Lucy Lynn’s lip curled involuntarily.  Linton was an attractive guy with an unattractive soul.  He took a moment to obviously enjoyed the blush he brought to the woman who raised him before returning to his menu again.  Looking for retribution, his mother set her eyes on Marcie Mae.  Lucy Lynn hunkered down having seen this show before.
“What you think you gett’n Marcie Mae?”  The woman asked snidely.
“I don’ know.  Maybe some’n seafood.”  Lucy Lynn knew Marcie Mae hadn’t had anything other than catfish and the occasional fish fry before she’d met Linton.  Marcie Mae thought seafood was classy.
“You would want the most expensive thing on here.”  The woman peered at the large menu unfolded in her lap.  “That sounds ‘bout right.  I think I’ll go with some’n a little less important.”  Marcie Mae blushed and Lucy Lynn glared.
Linton gave a smug smile.  “What kind of wine you want with that Marcie?”
She shrugged insecurely.  “I don’ know.  I liked that one we had at your boss’ home.”
Linton let out a condescending chuckled.  “Oh Marcie, that’s red.  You don’t drink red wine with seafood.”
“Oh,” Marcie Mae blushed again and looked down.  “Well, why don’ you pick me out some’n good?  I don’ know anyth’n ‘bout all this.  You know that.”
Lucy Lynn had had enough.  “I was watchin’ TV the other day.”  She said loudly with a drawl much thicker than normal.  “That food guy.  Wha’s his name?  Burt…Burt Wolf.  He say there ain’t no right and wrong when it come to what you wanna drink with your dinna’.  He say anybody try and say there is, is just an aff..ect…ed” She drew out the word.  “ass.”
“Lucy Lynn,” Marcie Mae cried.  “Watch your manners.  I’m sorry.”  She looked at the table contritely.
“Don’ apologize for me.” Lucy Lynn bristled.
“Lucy Lynn,” Marcie Mae hissed and true panic was in her eyes.  Linton was beet red and his mother’s face was even more sourpussed than normal.  “Please.”  For Marcie Mae and only Marcie Mae, Lucy Lynn hunched her shoulders and slid down in her chair closing her mouth.  Marcie Mae breathed a sigh of relief.
“I swear somebody needs to teach that child some respect,” Linton huffed.
“She’s just precocious,” Marcie Mae defended her niece.  “She’ll grow out of it.”
“Yeah, with a few good switches.”

*****

The night was bright with moonlight as the girls swung leisurely on the heavy wood swing that hung from the large oak branch.  Lucy Lynn had her head on Marcie Mae’s shoulder and they were still dressed up in their fancy dresses but their feet were bare and dirty from walking across the lawn.
“Look!”  Lucy Lynn pointed up to the star shooting across.
“It’s your turn,” Marcie Mae urged.  Lucy Lynn closed her eyes tightly, thought real hard and wished.  Marcie Mae laughed at the earnestness of her niece.  “You think it’ll come true?”
“I sure hope so.”  The girls swung again in peace enjoying the gentle night breeze bringing relief from the stifling heat of the day.
“Don’ forget, you gotta go put your next payment down on your dress tomorrow.  Don’ forget.  We’ll pay the last of it on Friday when I get paid.”
“Marcie Mae, why you gotta marry Linton?”
“’Cause I love him and he wants to marry me.”
“You really love him?”
The “yes”, that followed was less than convincing.
“Don’ marry him if you don’ love him.”
“Baby girl, love ain’t always moonbeams and fireworks you know?  The best kinda love - it’s calm and steady.”
“Sounds borin’ to me.”
“It ain’t borin’.”  But that came out even less convincing.  “He’s good to me, to us.”
Lucy Lynn huffed.  “Just ‘cause he don’t beat you up don’ mean he’s good to you.”
“That ain’t fair.”  Marcie Mae looked away into the night.
Lucy Lynn felt bad bringing up that other no good SOB Marcie Mae had gotten rid of not long ago.  It hadn’t lasted long but it had lasted long enough for both girls to realize he was a mistake of the worst kind.  “It is.  Marcie Mae, you let everybody convince you, you aint’ nothin’.  Linton he talks to his dogs betta than he talks to you.”
“He’s gonna be good for us.  Open doors for you I can’ open.”
“Don’ worry ‘bout me.”
“Of course, I worry ‘bout you.  You’re all I worry ‘bout.  You’re gonna have what you need.  However I can get it for you.  You hear?  You’re goin’ on Lucy Lynn.  You’re goin’ on and you gonna be great, betta’ than great.”
“But we don’ need Linton for that,” Lucy Lynn argued futilely.
Marcie Mae sighed heavily, “Baby girl you are a force.  Let’s get to bed.  I gotta work in the mornin’.”
“I’m gonna swing for a bit.”  She stared blankly at the night sky.
Marcie Mae bent to place a soft kiss on her niece’s forehead.  “Baby girl, you don’ even know how much I love you.  Not too late, you hear?”
Lucy Lynn nodded absently her eyes shifting back to Earth to watch Marcie Mae climb the old stairs into the old house.  “I love you too Marcie Mae.  Maybe even more.”

*****

The tinkle of sharp rocks hitting the window drew her slowly out of sleep.  It happened again and then again.  Her eyes blinked registering her surroundings.  It was deep night and clouds had moved in to block the streaming moonlight from earlier.  The raining of pebbles hit again.
“Jack!”  Her brain finally clicked on.  She flung herself out of bed and towards her window; her white nightdress billowed.  There he was about to toss up another handful.  She flung open the pane and smiled with her mane of hair framing her face.  “What you doin’?”
“Come down.  I got news.”  He smiled back.  Lord he was handsome.
She nodded and scurried out tip toeing past Marcie Mae’s silent room.  She navigated the squeaks of the stairs and then rushed the door.  She was bare foot and had forgotten her robe.
“Go get your robe.”  Jack ordered.
“Why?  You seen me in this before.”
“Yeah but there’s somebody I want you to meet.  And I can see right through that.”  She frowned and looked at the house not wanting to test the odds of getting in and out again.  He sighed and took off the flannel shirt he had thrown over his white t-shirt.  “Here put this on.”  She did and then he took her hand to lead her.  “Come on.”
They ran down to the road and then about twenty feet south.  A small car was waiting in the dark and Lucy Lynn could see someone sitting behind the wheel.  He got out as they approached.  He was tall and lanky but young, a high schooler maybe?
“This is my cousin, Jason.  He’s leavin’ tomorrow to go back to school.”  Jack smiled at her.  “He can take you.”
The information registered in Lucy Lynn’s face.  “You can take me to New York?”
“Dude, she’s really young.  You didn’ say that.”
“Does it matter?”
The young man tilted his head side to side considering this new factor.  “I guess not.”
“He goes to school at Amherst.  He’s leavin’ early ‘cause …why you leavin’ early?”
“’Cause I’m gonna go crazy if I gotta deal with them for one more day.”
Jack nodded as if he could understand this level of teenage angst.  “So he said he’d drop you ‘cause it’s on the way.”
“I don’ know dude.  She’s really young.”
“Please,” Lucy Lynn grabbed his arm tightly.  “I ain’t that young and you’re takin’ me to my Daddy.”
“Let go kid.”  Jason shook his arm free.  He considered the hopefully pleading faces of Jack and Lucy Lynn for a moment.  “Alright, I’ll do it.  But here’s the deal as soon as I drop you off you have one hour to call home and tell them where you’re at.  If you don’, I will.  You hear?”  Lucy Lynn nodded somberly.  She’d have to work fast.  “You’re gonna get in trouble for this.  I guess me too but it ain’t gonna be same.  You betta keep that in mind kid.”  Lucy Lynn nodded again elation about to explode her heart into a million little piece, consequences far from thought.  “Alright, I wanna leave early.  No later than five thirty.  I wanna be home by afternoon.  They’re havin’ a party tomorrow night.”
“Who is?”  Lucy Lynn asked wide eyed
“My fraternity.  Meet me here.  If you ain’t here by five thirty, then you’re outta luck kid.”
“I’ll be here.”  Lucy Lynn promised wholeheartedly.
He nodded again.  “Let’s go Jack.  I need to get some sleep.”
“I’m gonna stay for a bit.  I’ll be fine.”
Jason nodded and left without another word.  Lucy Lynn and Jack stood smiling like fools at each other.
“Jack Borden you never cease to amaze me.”  She threw herself into his arms and he wrapped her up tightly swinging her easily in a circle.  “I gotta pack!”  She laughed and they ran back to the house and snuck upstairs to her room.
They whispered and giggled as she packed a change of clothes, her nice party dress she’d just taken off hours earlier, her Hello Kitty notebook, a picture of she and Marcie Mae at the lake last summer, and her mama’s charm bracelet.  It was all she had in the world.  Sleep never came again and Jack stayed with her all night.  They were waiting at the spot when Jason pulled up at five fifteen.
“Good, you’re here,” he said taking her bag and tossing it in the back seat.
A little nervous pang hit her and it must have hit Jack as well because he crushed her in his arms and said, “you do what you gotta do Lucy Lynn and get back here.  And you take care.  I won’ eva’ forgive myself if some’n happens to you.”
She pushed away filled with her spunk again.  “Ain’t nothin’ goin’ happen to me.”  Then she smiled softly.  “Thanks Jack.”
She got into the car and Jason gave her an amused smirk.  “Ready kid?”
She nodded, “As I’ll eva’ be.”
The ride was long and tense.  What was he going to do?  Would he be happy to see her?  What would she say first?  The passing scenery went from hilly green to sweeping city back to green until finally the urban beast loomed up out of the sea.  New York City.  It filled the car with its presence.  The buildings were even taller than she imagined.  People were everywhere.  It was short trip to the Upper East side address she had for his offices.  Then they had arrived.
“Well kid.  This is it.”  Jason said after she made no move to get out.
She looked at the double set of revolving doors leading into the building.  She couldn’t even see the top of the building from inside of the car.  Beyond the doors she could see the lobby was marble and gold.  Busy people were streaming in and out.
“You need some help,” he asked gently.
“No I think I got it.”  She swallowed hard.
“Alright then, get goin’.  You got one hour.”
She crawled out took her roller bag and went in.  A kindly man looked over the high desk with a smile and pointed to the elevators that would take her to his offices.  She thanked him and walked into the waiting elevator.  A timid push lit up the forty second floor and then a quick jerk started her upward.  Forty.  She breathed deep.  Forty one.  She shook off her nervousness.  Forty two.  The bell dinged and she closed her eyes.
Chapter 3

“I know it,” he laughed into his headset.  His feet were on the desk and his hair was disheveled.  He looked like a young boy and not the thirty year old market genius he was.  “He didn’t even see it coming.  What an idiot.  He must not have anyone inside the CBC.”  Will took a swig of an energy drink and jumped up out of his chair.  He’d been at the office since three that morning.  “Alright, I have an early lunch.  Call me this afternoon.  Yeah, tonight.  No I can’t deal with her right now.”  He chuckled at whatever was said on the other end.  “Seriously?  Well bring her along.  I wouldn’t mind meeting her.”  He laughed again before saying, “Yep, later.”
He stripped his clothes away throwing them haphazardly around the room as he strolled to his bathroom.  He was legend he laughed in his head holding his ripped arms up in Hercules pose.  Shit!  He was good.  He did a few jumping jacks while the water in his shower heated up.  Then he took a minute to admire his toned physique in the mirror.  It was best described as the swimmer’s body, inversely triangular, irresistible to the opposite sex.  He worked at his body like he did his work and he was beautiful because of it.  He was regularly listed in New York’s most eligible list and he was one of the most sought after with his devastating looks, old money lineage and sweeping business success.
After an invigorating shower, he dried off, shaved and wrapped a towel around his lean waist.  He was headed into his closet when he heard his speaker phone buzz.
“Mr Bisso?”  Beth his assistant’s smooth voice asked.
“Yes, Beth?”  He stuck his head into his office from the bath.
“There’s someone to see you.”
He frowned.  “Is it on the calendar?”
“Hmm,” she hesitated.  This wasn’t like Beth.  She was a machine.  He would have crossed bloody waters not to lose her.  “No, not on the calendar.”
“Then send them away.  I’m getting dressed.”
“Sir, I think you need to see this person.”
“Beth, I don’t have time.  I have to meet Lewis at eleven thirty for lunch.  Take a message and if it’s important I’ll get back to them.”
“Hmmm,” she hesitated again.  “Sir, she says she’s your daughter.”
The towel dropped from his waist just as the shouting started up beyond his closed office door.
“Take your hands off me.”  The voice was high and screechy, like a child’s.  “Is he goin’ see me or not?”
“I’m talking with him now.” He heard Beth calmly respond.  “Sir?”
“Give me a minute.”  Dazed blue eyes worked at computer speed trying to process this as he pulled on a pair of his custom tailored pants and a shirt.
“He sure is takin’ his time.”  She had a God awful accent.
Standing behind his desk with wet tousled hair, still buttoning up, he pushed the button for Beth.  “Ok, send her in.”
Beth opened the door followed by a young girl.  He didn’t know what age.  They all looked the same to him before a certain age.  Beth turned to leave but he stopped her.
“No, Beth, stay.  I want a witness to whatever this is.”  He put his hand on his hips and lorded down on the girl who stood up to his look with equal bravado.  “Who are you and what do you want?”  He had on the voice he used in ruthless situations meant to intimidate.  It worked.  Her eyes widened a little in fear and she stepped closer to Beth.  To his surprise, Beth put a hand on her shoulder and shot him a look.
“I’m your daughter.”  She said with more spunk than he guessed she felt.
“Yes, I gathered that much.  Why would you say that?”
“’Cause that’s what they told me.”
“Who?”
“My mama.  Well I mean my aunt.”
“Then they are lying to you.”
“Don’ you call her a liar.”  The little girl had the moxy back in her words and she was angry at that slur he’d thrown at her aunt.
“That’s all I can deduce because there’s no way in hell I’m your father.  You don’t even look like me.”  It was true she didn’t seem to have even one similar physical trait.  “What’s your name?”
“Lucy Lynn.”
He huffed, right, of course.  “Look, I don’t know if this is a joke…”
“It ain’t no joke,” she cut him off indignantly.
He rubbed his head.  “Whatever it is.  I ain’t…I mean I’m not your father.  I’ve only been south of the Mason Dixon line twice in my life.  There is no way I’ve fathered some god forsaken hill..bill…”
The words trailed off as suddenly a memory flooded back.  It was from some time ago, from university.  He could barely remember her face.  “Lord, William you’re some kinda snob.  I don’ know why I keep comin’ round.”
The girl’s screechy voice yanked him back to present day.  “I bet if I said my mama was Laura Lynn you might start rememberin’.”
Kaboom!  The damn opened and his mouth dropped in astonishment.  She didn’t look anything like her mother either.  “Honestly, Laura, I think you sound more like a hick now than the first day I met you.”
It was the worst kind of relationship mean and carnal, fueled on much longer than it should have been by some magical opposites attract sex.  He sat down heavily with his hand over his mouth.  His blue eyes were wide with fear.
“Where’s your mother?”  Hurt flickered across the girl’s face and she didn’t answer.  “This doesn’t mean I’m your father.”  His voice cut through the quiet of the room.  Beth looked as floored as him now that he seemed to not necessarily be in disagreement with the child.
“I’m your daughter.”  The girl seemed smug.
“Well there are ways to find out for sure kid.”  Will countered.  “Beth, get me Dr. Davis.”  Beth hesitated looking stunned.  “Do it!”  He barked and she jumped.
“I’m your daughter.”  The girl stated again.
“Quit saying that!”  He shouted.
Beth came running back.  “Don’t shout at her again, sir.  She’s a child.  Whether this is true or not.”  She registered his shocked look of betrayal.  “I’m sorry sir.  But she’s a child and probably far from home.”
“What time is it?”  Lucy Lynn asked suddenly panicked.  “I need to call home.”
“That’s the first sensible thing you’ve said.  Let’s call the nut house and see if there’s someone saner we can speak to.”  He jabbed ruthlessly and Lucy Lynn bit her lip in anger.  “What’s the number?”  She called it out and he dialed.  It went to voice mail and the soft spoken drawl asked sweetly for a message to be left.  “Alright.  Back to Plan A.”
“No, call her cell.  She’s at work.  I forgot.”
“Ok.” He hit speaker phone again and the dial tone sounded.  He looked up in askance and the pip squeak spouted out another number.  This time it picked up immediately.
“Hello?”  The voice sounded frantic.
“Hello,” he replied.  “I need to speak with…” He looked at the kid who looked worried.
“Marcie Mae.”  She responded to his silent question.
Of course, Marcie Mae. “Marcie Mae.”
“Speakin’.”  God they all had that horrible drawl.
“Marcie Mae, I’m standing here with Lucy Lynn.”  The sobs were immediate echoing through his office over speakerphone.  The kid teared up.  Beth teared up.  He refrained from rolling his eyes.  Was there anything more clichéd than a crying woman?
“Oh my God, you got her?  Oh my God!  Thank you, thank you.”
“I’d say you’re welcome but I think you need to do some explain…”
“Where are you anyway?”  She cut him off.  “What area code is this?  Two one Two?”
He shook his head, was she serious?  “It’s New York City.”
Silence pinged for several moments.  “She’s in New York?”
“That’s what I said.”  He was losing patience.  The clock ticked eleven and he needed to get down town for his meeting.
“Who is this?”  She sounded terrified of the answer.
“Will Bisso.”
“Oh God.  Oh God.  May I speak with her?”
He signaled to the child who stepped forward and said much louder than necessary, “Don’t be angry Marcie Mae!”
“Oh I’m angry alright.  But right now I’m more relieved.  Why would you do some’n like this?  Do you know what kinda heart terror you brought me this mornin’ when I went inta your room?”
“I couldn’ tell you.  You’d neva’ agree.”
“You’re right ‘bout that.”  She sounded like she was typing on a computer as she spoke.  “Put that man back on the line.”
“You’re on speaker phone,” he chimed in not stifling his rolling eyes this time.
There’s a flight into Lay..gare..die…a,” she mangled the airport name embarrassingly.  “Gets in at three.  I’ll be on it.  Can you bring her to the airport for me?”
“Don’ you spend no money comin’ to get me,” Lucy Lynn cried out.
“Oh I’m spendin’ it and I’m gonna do what I shoulda a long time ago and put you cross my knee.  Now put that man, oh right, sir, can you get her to the airport?”
“With pleasure.”  Relief was filling him up.  “Now regarding her reasons for being here in the first place.”
“Never mind that.  Just forget about if you can.”
His relief baptism was complete.  “With pleasure.”
They hung up and he looked at the girl who looked beaten.  Something about the woe in her green eyes tugged at his heart.  He sighed.  “Beth, where’s LD?”
“Downstairs waiting on you.”  She had her arm around the girl trying to console her.
“Call him up here.”  A few minutes later LD was filling the doorway like a giant in an elf’s shop.  “LD, take Lucy here and get her something to eat.”
LD gave the girl an unsure look.  “Sir?”
“Please.  I’ll get a cab downtown.  Take her wherever she wants.”
“My name is not Lucy.  It’s Eliza Doolittle,” she bristled in a perfect cockney accent.
Will looked at her like she might just be crazy.  “Take Eliza here where ever she wants.  I’m late.”
LD nodded at the little girl.  “M’am.”
“Ms Doolittle, to you.”  The little girl closed her eyes and raised her chin haughtily.
LD looked back at his boss who shrugged.  The big man turned to leave and stopped when he heard, “ahem.  Ladies first I believe, Professor Higgins.”  LD stepped back fully chastised as the girl sashayed out the door without a backwards glance.

*****

Lunch was an ego filled ass kissing the likes of which Cipriani’s had never seen after the triumph of Will’s morning.  It was so wonderfully entitled that he’d almost forgotten about his run in with fatherhood by the time he got back to his desk.  Beth reminded him.
“Sir,” she said as she brought him his energy drink.  “LD and Lucy Lynn aren’t back yet.”
The name was like a bucket of ice cold water being thrown on him.  Right, the kid.  He held up his finger for her to wait and hit the button for LD.  He picked up on the first ring.
“Sir?”
“Where are you?  We need to leave for the airport.”
“We’re at tea, sir.”
Will and Beth exchanged a comical look.  “Tea,” Will asked.
“Yes, sir.  Tea.”
“Well wrap it up and get back here.”
“Roger that.”  LD said.
Before the phone cut off they heard Lucy in the background ask, “one lump or two, Professor Higgins.”
Beth couldn’t hide her chuckle.  “She makes an impression.”
“Yeah,” Will muttered and did his best to forget her until they walked in twenty minutes later.  LD, the manly mountain, was holding three bright pink bags and rolling Lucy’s Hello Kitty Roller bag behind him.
“Sir,” he said without emotion.
Will’s eyes smiled as he shook his head. “Come on.  Let’s go.  I don’t have time for this today.”
They rode in silence to the airport.  Will ignored the furtive glances the girl kept giving him on the way.  She was getting under his skin in a bad way.  They pulled up in the VIP area where LD was allowed to leave the car.  Her aunt was coming in on a Delta flight.  So they headed over to the boards to find out which gate.  It was already in and he cursed pulling her along by the hand.
“It’s already here.  Now I have to find her.”
“I can find her.  I don’ need you anymore.”  Lucy Lynn spat and yanked her hand away from his.
He ignored her mood and looked around to find a row of empty waiting chairs.  “Sit down over there and keep quiet.  You’ve been enough trouble for today.”
“I’m sorry it’s a bother you have a child.”  Her lip quivered and her voice shook a little.
“You’re not going to cry are you?”  Will looked wary.
“No, I’m not,” she hissed wiping a tear.  “I wouldn’ cry over you if you were the last man on earth.”
“Good.  That feeling is mutual.”  They glared at each other before he decided to throw a little lighter fluid on the fire.  “They were lying to you, kid.”
“NO! THEY! WEREN’!” She shouted.  “I’m your daughter.”
“Stop staying that.  Trust me.  I don’t sire hillbillies.”  The words stung and her tears sprung in truth.  She sat down hard and looked away.  He smothered a curse and looked at LD.  LD was normally a sea of emotionless integrity but right then disgust was written on his face and it was aimed squarely at Will.  Will was taken aback and LD shook off the look even though the sentiment hung in the air.  “I’m going to go find her.  Stay with this one.”  He pointed at Lucy Lynn who seemed to have gotten her tears under control and was glaring at him again.
Could this day please end and take the memory of this shit with it?  It was suppose to be a triumphant day.  It had started triumphantly and then careened in a downward spiral into the disaster he was currently wading through.  He held up the makeshift sign he and LD had made on the way over and watched as people streamed through the gates on their way to baggage claim.
He saw her before she saw him.  She was dressed in blue scrub pants, a fitted white t and clogs.  At first he was dumbfounded by what may have been the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen.  Then he realized she was an older, carbon copy of that spit fire sitting and waiting.  Her eyes caught the name on the sign and she stopped grounded in place.  They were having a moment, the kind neither one really believed in.  She recovered before he did, put on a game face and walked up.
“Hi, I’m Marcie Mae.”
Chapter 4

Wow, he was gorgeous.  Laura Lynn had gone on about him but Marcie Mae hadn’t put much energy into it.  Laura Lynn always had a way with exaggeration.  She hadn’t been exaggerating that time.  Everything about him looked like it was ripped from a magazine.  He had the height, the body, the ridiculous but still manly looks and she knew from Laura Lynn he was filthy rich.  They were locked in mutual shock and she wondered what he was thinking because his poker face was unreadable.  When enough time passed for it to be more than a little awkward, she spoke.
“Where’s Lucy Lynn?”
He cleared his throat and blinked a few times.  “Ahem, she’s over here.  Waiting.  He took her to lunch and tea.”
“Who did?” She turned those cat eyes up to him and he blushed slightly.  She frowned at his reaction.  Had she asked the wrong thing?
“My driver LD.  He took her out.  You know, to entertain her.”  He lightly touched her back trying to guide her away from a loud group and they both jumped when a shock pulsed between them.  When he continued his voice was nervous, not cocky like before on the phone.  “She seemed to enjoy that.  At least her trip wasn’t totally in vain.”
“That’s good, I guess,” she nodded not knowing what to say.  Lucy Lynn had done some crazy things but nothing like this, ever.  This took it to a new level.  When they walked up a large man was standing with Lucy Lynn’s backpack, some pink bags and a look of terror on his face.
“Sir, she’s gone.”
“What do you mean?”  Panic coated Will’s face.  “She was here.”  He pointed at the empty seat.
“I went to get her a water like she asked and she was gone when I got back”
The knots that had eaten her up all morning returned to Marcie Mae’s stomach.  “You lost her?”  She hissed, star struck flirting was stamped out by the return of all consuming terror.
“No, no, she was here.”  He stared at the empty seat like he was trying to conjure her back into it.  “Split up,” he finally said.
The three ran in separate directions calling out Lucy Lynn’s name only to return to their original spot empty handed.  LD had stopped in his search to have her paged.  Every now and then the page would come across the loudspeaker.
“I can’ believe you lost her,” Marcie Mae cried out.  She couldn’t handle anymore worry today.
“How dare you accuse me?  Maybe if you had a better grasp on this girl none of us would be in this predicament.”  His blue eyes were snapping with indignation.
“She was tryin’ to meet her father.”  She snarled.
“Oh don’t start with that again.”  He threw his hands up.
“She’s yours, jerk.”  Marcie Mae spat, fire was dancing in her green eyes.  The fear that his money could take Lucy Lynn away dissipated in the angry need to put him in his place.  “Count on it.  We have proof.”
“That her mother and I fucked for a few months is not proof.”
Marcie Mae blushed at that.  “No, we have medical proof.  For whateva’ reason Laura Lynn had some of your hair.  She’s yours.  And go find any fancy doctor you want to deny it.  You won’ be able to.”
Silence ensued as she watched his face take on a faraway look for a few long moments.  Suddenly he snapped back to her with wide eyes.  It looked like the rug had been pulled out from under his life.  “What do you want?”
Marcie Mae sneered.  “We don’ want anythin’ from a blood sucking Yankee like you.  I jus’ want her back and to go home.”
“Sir, we need to act,” LD said urgently.  The panicked look on his face warmed Marcie Mae to him instantly.  Will nodded.  LD continued, “she seemed to know a considerable amount about the city.  She may be returning to some of the places she mentioned.  I can take you to the Statue of Liberty.”
Marie Mae could see Will’s confidence return.  He nodded but amended the plan, “let’s split up.  Take the car and go there, LD.  We’ll get a cab.”
“She also mentioned Radio City, sir,” LD added.  “She did have an uncomfortable amount of money.”  LD looked at Marcie Mae.
“Her piggy bank was broken in her room.”  Marcie Mae looked a little hopeless.  “But I don’ think she’s sightseein’.”
“Well she’s not here.”  Will said with acid dripping from the words.
“Are you sure?  We haven’ checked everywhere.”  She returned equally bitter.
“Good point,” Will agreed and pulled out his cell.  “Beth, we lost her.  I know.  I know.”  He sounded agitated, like he was getting chewed out.  “Call the airport and police.  Report a child missing.  Tell them to hold her if they find her.”  He listened for a minute.  “Because I don’t have time to go searching for the right people.  If she’s gone, we need to get out there looking.  We’re going to the city to look.”  He hung up.  “Alright, let’s go?”
“Where else, LD,” Marcie Mae asked softly.  “I’ll take a separate cab.  Three lookin’s betta than one.”
“No,” to her surprise both men spoke in unison.
“And why not?” She put her hands on her hips.
“Because I don’t want to have to look for you too.”  Will snapped ignoring her hurt look.  LD glared at him.  “Alright, LD, to the statue.”  The man took off without another word.
“I think this is a waste of time.  Whateva’ she’s doing, whereva’ she’s gone…it has to do with you - not sightseein’ two hundred year old gifts of diplomacy.”  Will smiled genuinely at that.  “What?”
“That was surprising coming from you.”
Marcie Mae’s eyes glittered meanly at him.  “Just ‘cause I talk with an accent don’ mean I think with one.”
He held up his hands as a white flag.  “Do you have any other ideas?”
She thought but didn’t and finally gave in.  “Maybe Rockefella’ Place.”
“You mean Center?”
“Yeah, whateva’.” She was in no mood to be condescended to for her lack of New York savvy.
“I’m only verifying.” His tone was softer like he wanted to make amends.  “Come on.”
He cocked his head for her to walk with him.  She reluctantly followed feeling like she should go on her own but knowing she didn’t know enough about this city to search it alone.  She needed his help.  They headed to the VIP section and were racing to the city in a cab not a moment later.  Her face was drained.  Her head was starting to hurt from all of the confusion of the day.  She checked her phone for the hundredth time hoping in vain Lucy Lynn might have called.  She hadn’t so Marcie Mae stared blankly out the window as they navigated Queens towards New York City.  The cab took on the silence of the city.
“It’s funny how a day can go in a direction you neva’ dreamt,” she said quietly.  “Look at that.” The city was looming closer.  “Can’ believe this is how I’d see it for the first time.”  She fell into silence again almost forgetting the man sitting next to her.  Her thoughts were in overdrive.  “She’s a good girl.  So good.  She gets ideas in her head and it’s hard to stop ‘em.  But she’s not bad.” She flickered a shy glance at Will who was listening with serious blue eyes.  He was so lean and sexy with the top buttons of his shirt open and his tailored pants clearly at the end of their day.  His face didn’t have the same angry set to it that it had at the airport.  He seemed almost, compassionate.  “She wanted to meet you.  That’s all.”
He nodded somberly.  “That’s understandable.  Where’s Laura?”  Inner conflict battled on the right way to answer that question and when she tried a stone the size of a lemon stuck in her throat.  Then she felt his hand, gentle, somehow possessive, on the back of her head.  “It’s ok.  I don’t need to know.”
She tilted her head away from the caress. “Don’t,” she said softly looking down at the seat between them, her hair tumbling around her face, afraid to meet his eyes, afraid he might see how nice that had been for her.  Then she looked back out the window to watch the urban jungle pass by.

*****

Rockefeller Center was a bust.  So was Chelsea Piers.  LD called as they were walking out of the Piers to say he had no luck either.  Beth had called saying so far there was no sign of Lucy Lynn at the airport.  The look on Marcie Mae’s face watching the sun make its final push into the west was sheer terror.  Her baby girl was in New York City alone.
“Let’s go back to my place and figure out a new plan.”
Worry was written on her face and he was clearly concerned for her.  The kindness in his eyes was unnerving considering the pulsing hate they’d only just been spewing at each other.  The cab ride was a silent one pushing through cross town traffic toward the Upper East Side.  Lines of worry were drawn on her beautiful face and she rubbed her head from time to time to ease the ache.
“We’ll find her,” he assured her.  Something about his gentle tone brought her tears and she turned farther into the window willing him not to see.  “Don’t cry.”  It was almost begged like he couldn’t bear her tears.  “We’ll find her.”
She nodded and looked down wiping the tears.  She felt his hand cover her hand which was sitting on the seat between them.  For whatever reason, she flipped her hand over and encircled her fingers around his hoping to suck some of his strength into her.  A strange peace engulfed her when his fingers followed her lead.  The comfort of their entwined hands tugged at the pit of her belly.
Soon enough they pulled up to his building and she stood mindlessly on the sidewalk while he paid, not even thinking to offer.  Then he had her hand again and was leading her through his lobby to the elevators.  They stood side by side staring forward.  Any control she had over her emotions collapsed when her tear streaked reflection stared back at her from the closed mirrored elevator doors.  Her face curled in agony, the sob immediate.  He wrapped her in his arms, one hand cradling her head while she cried into his shoulder.
“Shhh, we’ll find her,” he assured her.  Then soft lips placed a gentle kiss on her temple and that peace engulfed her again.  His arms stayed around her shoulder when they got off and like a miracle Lucy Lynn was sitting, leaning against his door, asleep.
“Lucy Lynn,” Marcie Mae shrieked and rushed the door.  She had the girl in a bear hold within seconds.
“Lemme go, Marcie Mae.  I can’ breath.”  The girl complained yawning.
“Oh my god, you little drama queen.  Don’ you even do some’n like this again!”  But she hadn’t relaxed the hold on her girl.  “You don’ even know what kinda worry you put me through.”
“I’m sorry.  I know.”  Lucy Lynn’s answer was muffled in the strangle hold Marcie Mae had on her.
“Let’s go in,” Will touched Marcie Mae’s shoulder gently and she nodded struggling to stand up with Lucy Lynn in her arms.  He laughed, “here.  She’s a little big for you.”  He swept her up in his arms and walked them through to his apartment.
Chapter 5

She was so light in his arms, fragile.  An overpowering sense of claim engulfed him, like something within him, naturally, instinctually knew she was his to protect.  The memory had flashed as soon as Marcie Mae had mentioned hair: “Jesus Christ, Laura that hurt.  What are you doing?”  She had only laughed and coyly waved the few strands of dark hair that she had plucked.  It was one of the last times he had seen her.  No matter what his logical and selfish brain might try to convince him otherwise, Lucy was his.  He didn’t need a doctor to prove it.
“Little girl,” he warned with a warmth and bit of mirth that belied his serious tone.  “If you do one more crazy thing today, or anytime in the near future, I’m going to take you over my knee.”
To his surprise she looked fearful.  Until then, he hadn’t thought she was afraid of anything.  “Yes sir.”
He considered her from his vantage with a resigned smile.  She looked so small sitting a little dejected on his couch.  Then he glanced over at her stunning aunt looking unsure and a little uneasy.  “Can I get you something?”
Marcie Mae shook her head.  “No.  I’m a little dazed.  Everythin’ catchin’ up to me.”  Then her stomach rumbled and she blushed, a full body blush, and he wouldn’t have minded seeing the rest of that beautiful body flushed.
“You’re hungry?”  He asked gently.  He wanted to repave the jagged road their relationship had started on.  She blushed and shook her head.  Something told him she was the gentlest creature on earth and the proudest.  She’d rather eat her pride than ask for food.  “Come on.” He smiled down at Lucy Lynn.  “Let’s see what Melida has in the kitchen.”
He led them through the long butler’s pantry to the kitchen.  The home was set up for someone who didn’t cook, would never need to cook, and so didn’t need to see the cooking while he relaxed.  A small Latin lady was busy cleaning up pans when they walked through.
“Oh, you home?”  She looked stunned to see him.  Sometimes they went months without seeing each other.  She was clearly interested in the woman and little girl following him.
“Melida, I have some guests tonight.  They’re hungry.”
Her eyes lit up.  “I get to feed tonight?”  They’d been together forever.  She had been his childhood nanny.  In many ways, she was his family as much as his real family.  She leaned down to Lucy Lynn and asked, “you wan’ spaghetti?”  Lucy Lynn nodded vigorously.  “Den you have it.”  She turned back to the fridge, pulled out some cheese and fruit and before they could blink she was pushing a cheese tray in their hands and shooing them.  “Now go.  Gi’ me little time.  Some warning, William,” she admonished Will as she waved her towel at them.
Full from heaps of spaghetti and meatballs, they were lounged on the huge couch that was situated to face his huge wrap around balcony.  The tree tops of Central Park were peaking up over the railing.  He’d just wowed them by unveiling his ninety inch flatscreen from its hiding place behind a large, privately commissioned David Cobley on the wall between the four sets of massive balcony doors.  They were still laughing about that when he looked up from his phone and spoke.
“Looks like the next flight isn’t until tomorrow.”  He felt a little guilty in his white lie.  There was a midnight flight.  That was too late to send them home and he wasn’t going to do it.  Really, he didn’t want to send them home.
“Oh,” Marcie Mae’s face fell.  “Then I guess we need to find somewhere to stay.”  She looked lost and he smothered his smile.
“You’ll stay here.”  He assured her.
“No that isn’ necessary.  Jus’ somewhere safe, maybe close to the airport.”
“You’ll stay here,” he said in his practiced tone of authority.  She instantly cowed.  He contemplated her skittish gestures thinking how like a gentle siren she was.  Lucy Lynn was grinning ear to ear next to her and he couldn’t smother his smile.  She was never going to be mistaken for a gentle siren.  She was a bull in a china shop, a very expensive china shop.
“I don’ know,” Marcie Mae tried again.
“I’m not sending my daughter to some motel.  So if you don’t want to stay, fine.  But she’s staying.”  He knew this was low and that she would never leave Lucy Lynn behind.  Lucy Lynn squealed out and threw herself into his arms.  Rather naturally, his arms wrapped around to hold her tightly.
Marcie Mae looked crescent fallen.  “Alright then.  We’ll stay, ‘till mornin’.”
He set Lucy Lynn next to him and draped an arm over her shoulder as he handed her the remote.  Then he put his feet up on his cost of a mid-size car, larger than life coffee table and smiled broadly.
“It’s pretty fun here,” he reasoned.
“It sure is,” Lucy Lynn agreed wholeheartedly while searching for Nickelodeon.  Within an hour she was asleep against him.  Her little body was warm rising and falling with her soft rhythmic breathing.  Something comfortable washed over him, like a habit forming that would not be easy to break.  Her aunt was sitting at the far end of the couch looking like a scared cat pretending to watch some silly teeny bopper show.
“She’s sleeping,” he said in a hush and Marcie Mae looked over and smiled gently at her sleeping niece.  He shifted himself forward and scooped Lucy Lynn up easily.  She didn’t even twitch.  “I’ll show you where you can sleep.”  He led her to a long hall and said quietly, “any of these rooms.”
“We jus’ need the one. We’ll sleep togetha’.”
“Ok,” he opened the door to the biggest room.  “How about this one?”
She stood transfixed at the doorway a stunned look on her face.  He couldn’t know she’d never seen anything so beautiful or grand.  Then she rubbed her head again.  “I have such a headache.”
He put Lucy down and took a moment to study her sleeping face.  Then he said, “I’ll get something for your head.”  Marcie Mae nodded and suddenly the dark circles under her eyes looked even darker.  The exhaustion of the day made her look young and beaten.  There was an urge, in his arms, which made him want to fold her in again like he had in the elevator.  It had been so easy and effortless.  He fought it biding his time knowing this wasn’t the right moment to try.  He gave her a soft smile and squeeze of her hand before heading out on his errand.
By the time he came back to the room, Lucy Lynn was snuggled under the comforter with a serene smile on her face.  A dim reading lamp on an arm table across the room was glowing for comfort.  Otherwise, the room was empty.  He sat down with the glass of water and two pills he held.  She was such a little thing, fragile, for all her bravado.  And in sleep she seemed so innocent, pure.
What was he going to do with her?  He shook his head as different scenarios ran through it.  He was not a family man, or so he thought.  Still, he had a child.  That caveman possessiveness started to trickle out of his heart.  She was his.  This spunk filled, precocious, little girl was his.  He didn’t like kids, or so he thought.  
	“But I kind of like you,” he said softly in the quiet room.  She shifted a little and her smile spread the slightest bit.  “Yeah, you would like that.  You know you’re a complication right?”  She kept smiling.  “I don’t like complications, kid.  I’m a jerk, for your information.  It’s common knowledge.  You won’t like me that much after the newness wears off.”  Her smile somehow spread a little more.  He bit a smile on his lips, “that’s some kind of dream you’re having.”  
What were his parents going to say?  The look on their faces alone was going to make all of this worth it.  It made him smile then frown.  He was going to have to protect her from them.  They weren’t going to like her at all.  Or maybe they would.  She seemed to have his entire team on her side already.  She shifted again and hair fell into her face.  He reached out caressing it back and she sighed.  
“You have totally screwed this up for me, kid,” he said without the venom he might have once felt saying that.  It didn’t seem so terrifying suddenly, not like it had a few hours ago.  It was as if she was filling a void he hadn’t even known existed within him.
“Let’s see how this goes, kid.”  He looked out the door thinking of her aunt.  That thought sent a whole other set of sensations through him.  “Let’s see if I can jump the first obstacle.”  He stood, watched her for another moment then without hesitation, bent and placed a long, soft kiss on her temple before he left her.
He went in search of her beautiful aunt and was about to give up when he saw her shadow flash on the balcony.  She turned when the door clicked behind him
“Here you are,” he said holding out the glass and pills.  She took them from him with a smile of thanks.  “You look tired.”
She nodded still staring out at the view of the park.  “It’s beautiful.  I neva’ thought I’d get to see it.  An’ then to see it in such a fashion.”  She glanced shyly at him.
“Did you see the Empire State Building?”
“No,” she squinted out into the night as if looking for it.
He smiled at her effort.  “This way.  That’s west.  It’s south.”  He led her to the southern exposure of his balcony and pointed.  “See?”
Her brow furrowed.  The night air was ruffling her hair in the most beguiling way.  “Which one?”
He slid up to her crouching down to tuck his chin next to hers and finding her line of vision.  She stiffened noticeably.  Then he raised his hand on the other side of her face effectively trapping her between him and pointed.  “There,” he said quietly by her ear.  He could feel her shiver, his body brushing hers, so close.  Then she saw it and her legs straightened and her shoulder knocked his teeth together.
“Oh, I’m sorry.” She reached out to touch his face and shots of electricity traveled all the way to his toes.
He was holding his chin with a smile. “That’s ok.  You saw it?”
“Yeah,” she was bright and happy for the first time all night.  “It’s some’n.”
“Hmm,” he agreed transfixed by those full lips, sexy and smiling.  Her smile faded as she grew uncomfortable under his study so he broke his gaze and met her unsure eyes holding out his hand. “Hi, I’m Will, Will Bisso.”
She looked perplexed taking his hand.  Her hand was soft, sweet, like her.  “Hi,” she answered back raising an eyebrow and confusion shadowing eyes a color green he’d never seen before that day.
“Do over,” he assured her.  Then he explained, “I thought we needed to meet again because I didn’t make a very good first impression.”  She didn’t pull her hand away, not even when his began playing absently with it.
She laughed, “you had a shock.”
“That I did.”
“Lucy Lynn has a way with turnin’ life upside down.  She don’ mean harm by it.  Like I said.  She’s a good girl.”  She finally moved her hand from his and put it on the stone ledge.
“I can tell.  She’s burst into my life like a ball of fire.”
Marcie Mae smiled, “she is a ball of fire.”
“Yeah, I know.” He reached up to catch a lock that was drifting in the breeze.  She grew instantly serious.
“You’ve got a charmed life here Will Bisso.”  He heard her words but was pondering how much he wanted to crush her into his arms.  He already knew from the elevator she fit perfectly. None of his normal moves would work with her.  He knew it and he wasn’t good at playing the game any other way.  When he didn’t respond, she began fidgeting.  “I am sorry ‘bout today, though.”  He frowned, breaking his study of her perfection and realizing she was interpreting his silence negatively.  “About Lucy Lynn bargin’ in here.  I know it’s ‘bout the last thing you eva’ expected.”  He nodded comically agreeing but not letting her out of his magnetic blue gaze.  She finally looked away, sweeping her hair to the side.  “Anyway, I’m sorry.  You’ve been kind through all of this.”
“Not really.”  He finally found his voice.
She laughed softly and looked back over at him.  “Yeah, well, you’re gettin’ betta.” Then she grew serious.  “You don’ have to change nothin’ if you don’ want to.  You were neva’ to know.”
He shifted his weight to think about that.  It was his out if he wanted it.  “That seems wrong.  Maybe I deserve to know I have a child walking around out there.  Maybe I’m not such a monster that I’d turn my back on her.”
The worry was back in her face and what looked like the threat of tears in her eyes when she nodded.  “I ‘spect you aren’.”
A thought occurred to him, “you think I’m going to take her away from you.”  She winced tearfully and he knew he had hit the bull’s eye.  Wherever Laura was it wasn’t anywhere good and he knew it.  He was Lucy Lynn’s only available biological parent and he didn’t need that verified by anyone.  “Don’t cry.”  Something about her tears affected him.  He didn’t like them and certainly didn’t want to be the cause of them.  There was no resistance as his hand involuntarily wrapped around her neck bringing her close.  She even softened tilting her face upward.  “We have a lot to talk about.”  She nodded.  “Not tonight.  It’s too late.  Stay tomorrow.  I’ll clear my schedule.  Take you and Lucy Lynn around.  We can talk.”
She hesitated then nodded.  “I have to work as well but if you can fix it then I can too.”
He smiled.  She was so defensive even when leaning into his embrace unexpectedly open to his advances.  “You’re nothing like your sister.”
“Yeah I know.”  She seemed ashamed by that truth.  From what he remembered, Laura Lynn was an ode to manufactured beauty from her recently purchased boob job to the bottle blond hair.  But what she lacked in natural beauty she made up for in pure chutzpah.  Marcie Mae was beauty like they wrote about in poems, in songs, the kind that started wars.  But she didn’t seem to have even an ounce of backbone.
The air was light and breezy for an August moon and it was ruffling peacefully through the trees spying on them from the park.  She hadn’t moved away from him and his hand was lightly caressing her nape under her mane of hair.  He felt a strange bubbling of skin.  So he asked, “what’s this?” as he pressed on it.
She pulled away from his probing and set her posture in a gentle but forbidding wall.  “It’s nothin’.”  She was embarrassed.  “I’m goin’ to get some sleep.  If we’re stayin’, I’ll need to pick us up some clothes in the mornin’.  Somethin’ cheap.”  She seemed even more embarrassed admitting to that qualifier regarding her financial reach.
His blue eyes softened into pools of cool comfort.  Truly, the last guileless girl had fallen into his lap in the most spectacular way.  He took her hand and her fingers curled around his again without hesitation.  He nodded his head toward the doors and started to lead her.  They followed the hall back to another bedroom and he opened a closet almost full with women clothes.
“You can use these.  I’ll send Melida shopping for Lucy Lynn in the morning.  They are my sister’s.”  He clarified to her unasked question.  They weren’t.  They were actually for an ex-girlfriend living in London.  She’d left them for whatever reason and he doubted she was coming back for them, not a year later.  He had a feeling they’d fit decently enough.  Somehow he knew Marcie Mae would have peeled off her skin before wearing his ex-girlfriend’s clothes.  And he knew she’d never let him buy her anything and he wasn’t going to let her spend senseless money she couldn’t afford.  Another white lie was the best solution.
They walked back to the room where Lucy Lynn was asleep in the middle of the bed arms and legs spread wide.  The doorway was crowded by their bodies and a blooming desire neither one of them had expected.  His hand lingered in hers and then cupped her neck again.  He leaned in slowly and placed a long, soft kiss next to her ear.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” he assured her hovering over her mouth willing his self control into action.  She nodded and a moment later the door clicked closed and he headed to his room for a cold shower.
Chapter 6

Her eyes opened to the most magnificent room she’d ever slept in.  The latticed tiered ceiling stared back at her and she could hear cars and taxis racing by, honking, starting their day.  When she turned her head she was met by Lucy Lynn’s beaming smile.
“This somethin’ ain’t it?”  The girl looked like it was Christmas morning at the Rockerfellers.
“Yeah, somethin’.” Marcie Mae agreed pushing up to her elbows.  The room was clean and traditional not like the eclectic modern of the great room.  It looked like one of those million dollar rooms the cable shows were always bragging on about.
“He’s somethin’ too.”  Lucy Lynn wiggled her brows.
“Oh, Lucy Lynn, stop.”
“What?  That’s my Daddy.”  She looked proud to say that.  “It’s all betta now you see?”
“No, I don’ see.”  Marcie Mae turned on her side and rested her head in her hand.  “The man was freewheelin’ not twenty four hours ago.  Until about eight o’clock last night he didn’ even want to admit he was a Daddy.  It don’ change ova’ night, baby girl.”
“Sure it does.  And he’s rich.  You can dump that moron and we don’ have to worry no more.”
“Lucy Lynn!  Watch yourself!”  The little girl dropped her eyes contritely.  “I swear I’m gonna get rid of that cable.  Cost a fortune and all it’s doin’ is fillin’ your head with trash.  We don’ talk like that.”
“Well, he is.  We don’ need Linton no more.”
“I’m gettin’ married.  You gotta get used to the idea.  This man - who knows?  But I’m raisin’ you with pride and you ain’t gonna go beggin’ to nobody.”
“But he ain’t nobody.  He’s my Daddy.”
“Stop sayin’ that!”
Lucy Lynn looked genuinely perplexed.  “But he is, right?”  She asked softly.
Marcie Mae fell flat on her back again and agreed, “yeah, he is.”
“An’ he likes you.”  Lucy Lynn’s green eyes filled with excitement.
Marcie Mae felt little shocks of electricity shoot through her body warming her to that thought.  “Stop!”
“Well he does.  Every time I looked at him last night he was pinin’ for you.  Maybe you could marry him instead.”  Lucy Lynn looked like this was a stroke of genius she’d only just considered.
“Honestly, Lucy Lynn.  What am I gonna do with you?”  Marcie Mae bounded out of the bed and toward the bathroom.  “I’m goin’ to shower.  Stay outta trouble, you hear?”
“Yes, m’am.”
She jumped into the larger than life car wash shower and enjoyed being violated by streaming water from every angle. It was heaven pure heaven.  Lucy Lynn was long gone by the time she came out.  Lord, let her be behavin’.  She looked at her wrinkled dirty clothes from the day before and knew she didn’t want to put them back on.  She cocked a hip and decided to take him up on his offer of clothes.
Wet and wrapped in the biggest towel she’d ever seen, she peaked her head into the empty hall and walked quietly across to the room with the clothes.  She dug deep in the lingerie drawer and by miracle a cotton and lace panty and bra set, tags still on, materialized.  She breathed a sigh of relief then her eyes took in the numbers on the tags. Lord how’m I gonna pay all this back?  The panties fit fine but the bra was small.  She was a full C, thirty four.  The bra was for a B, thirty six.  It pushed her up, along with the help of some padding, to indecent levels of swelling.  She was deciding if she should dig for another bra when the door opened.  She screeched and Will, gorgeous Will, stood transfixed, staring at her cleavage, her body.  He looked like something out of a commercial in his sexy well worn blue jeans and way too cool graphic t that had some kind of Asian lettering on it and showed exactly how muscular and in shape he was.
“Get out!”  She screeched again sinking to the floor to recover the towel she’d dropped carelessly.
“Sorry!’ He turned finally tearing his eyes away.  “Lucy Lynn said you were getting dressed.  Melida has breakfast ready.”
“Well I’ll be right there.”  She sounded exasperated.  “Now go!”  He didn’t go.  “Are you goin’?”
“I’m trying to suppress the urge to rip that towel off of you and do things to you that I know will scare you away forever.”
That made her chuckle.  “Laura Lynn said you were a playa’.  Nothin’ ‘bout that’s changed I see.”  She was pulling on jeans and what turned out to be a snug t-shirt.  “You can turn around now.”
He did and she saw his gaze was even more appreciative armed with the knowledge of what was hiding behind those fitted jeans and formed t-shirt.  He approached her on the hunt and she backed up until the bed stopped her retreat.
“That’s funny.  This is exactly where I want you.”  He took her hips in his hands, hovering way too close for comfort, sniffing her neck like a vampire admiring the bouquet.  “Beautiful girl,” he said holding her hips firmly.  Then he sighed dropping his hands. “Let’s eat breakfast.”
His hand slid into hers and she could have pulled back, but it felt so smooth and sure leading her.  She liked her hand in his.  She liked how her fingers curled around his and how he didn’t seem to have an ounce of insecurity about it, like maybe he might loan her some of that confidence just by holding her hand.
Vivid green eyes set in the nine year old face of a would be matchmaker lit up when they entered the kitchen.  Marcie Mae pulled her hand from his quickly and he turned perplexed until he saw her line of vision to Lucy Lynn. Then he smiled and chuckled.
“Want some coffee?”  He asked.
“No,  juice, please.”  He poured her a glass and handed her a plate.  She marveled at the breakfast buffet that could have fed a small party.  “My goodness, what a lot a food for three people!”
He gave some weird, gentle smile, almost patronizing, but something else, something the exact opposite of patronizing, like wonderful.  Then he cupped her wet head gently and gave it a soft massage.  “Eat up.”
Marcie Mae took a stool at the massive island bar and he pulled his stool up, entirely too close to hers.  Lucy Lynn gave her a blatant you see look.  This was getting out of hand, and she wasn’t helping her own cause, walking around holding his hand like some schoolgirl.  She needed to stop this, whatever it was.
“I should call Linton.”  She said offhandedly.
He reached across her for the juice placing his hand on the seat of her chair so that it was right up against her bottom.  “Who’s that?
“My fiancé.”  She said and he choked on his juice.  Lucy Lynn turned beet red.  “He’ll be worried.”
If he had been taken back by that declaration, he recovered quickly because he rested his hand on her back and said, “Sure.  Melida?  Hand me that phone please.”
He handed it to Marcie Mae and she was forced to fish or cut bait.  Linton was going to be furious.  She’d stood him up the night before to go to New York.  Someone else, someone more indifferent about appearing rude would have gotten up and taken that call away from her audience.  But Marcie Mae did care and didn’t want to seem rude and any thoughts that she had the right to a private conversation had been bred out of her at a very young age.  So, instead, she dialed and waited with baited breath.  He answered on the third ring.
“Linton?  Yes, it’s me.  I know.  Yes, I know.”  She smiled at Will who was listening intently, blue eyes were piercing her.  Lucy Lynn had a smug grin from ear to ear.  Marcie Mae gave her a grimace.  They both knew what was about to happen from previous experiences.  “Lucy Lynn…no I forgot to pick it up.  It’s just dry cleanin’.  It’ll be there tomorrow and I’ll get it then.”  The voice on the other end rose considerably and Marcie Mae winced.  Will lost the amused look he had been hiding behind his orange juice.  “Well, she had an emergency.  I know.  I didn’ think to call you…yeah, but we just had dinna’ with him.  We can do it next week after the weddin’ ok?  No, I’m not tryin’ to sabotage your career.”  She stared furtively at the counter wishing she had never mentioned the name Linton.  “I’m not stupid.”  She gritted out.  Will’s face clouded over in what looked like controlled fury.  “Well maybe I’m tired of gettin’ groped every time you leave for the bathroom.”  Will stood and hovered over her with an animal like sense of urgency.  Her eyes grew worried because he looked like he might rip the phone from her hands.  “Linton, I’ll be home tomorrow and we can talk then.”  Linton’s booming voice shouted and she held the phone away from her ear.  Will turned away from her and violently flung a napkin at the open garbage can in the island.  “I’m sorry.  Tomorrow.  I’ll see you then.”  She clicked off.  The silence was deafening as she stared down at the phone in her hands ashamed to meet anyone’s eyes.  She wanted to be swallowed whole by the ground.  So when she felt his soft lips on the crown of her head she thought she was dreaming.  Then his hand ran down her back and sat possessively on the small.
“Alright, beautiful girls.  Let me show you my hometown.”  He winked at Lucy Lynn who was somehow grinning wider.  She winked back.  Marcie Mae flushed ten shades of red.

*****

“What’s first?”  Will asked as they strolled down Park Avenue.  His hands were full holding one of Lucy Lynn’s and one of Marcie Mae’s hands.  Marcie Mae tried on occasion to slide hers away but he wasn’t letting go.  He found her efforts amusing.  She had a fiancé?  A tool of a fiancé?  Did she really think this was a deterrent?  Each of his advances had been met wholeheartedly by her and her efforts to pretend otherwise were very much like the girl crying wolf.  She might have been getting married but her heart was still firmly on the market.
“Well I know Lucy Lynn would love to see Times Square.”
To their surprise, Lucy Lynn disagreed.  “I think I’d rather take one of those horse carriage rides you see them take in the movies.  Where they do that?”
Will smiled at her force ignorance.  “Right here, in the park.”
“Really?”  She was about as convincing as a soap opera actor.  “Then that’s what I wanna to do.”
Will was grinning ear to ear as he led them into the park in search of the carriages.  They found them and Lucy Lynn insisted on sitting up front with the driver.
“Where are you folks from?”  The driver asked.
“Well, we’re from Virginia.  But he’s a Yankee true blue.”  Lucy Lynn assumed the spokesperson’s duties.
The driver laughed, “Enjoying your visit?”
“We really are.  She’s gettin’ married.”  Lucy Lynn pointed down to Marcie Mae who had wide unsure eyes on her.
“They are?” The driver turned in his seat as they waited for traffic to pass.  “When do you two make it official?”
“Oh, it’s not h…” Marcie Mae started.
But Lucy Lynn cut her off, “On Saturday.”
“Really?  Well congratulations.  I’ve been married fifty five years.  You picked the right carriage because every couple that has ever ridden in my carriage stays together.  But!”  He held up his finger dramatically.  “You have to seal it with a kiss.”
“No, I don’t think…” Marcie Mae tried again.
“That’s a great idea!” Lucy Lynn was bouncing in her seat and Will was watching with an amused and hopeful smile.  “Will, kiss her some’n good.”  Lucy Lynn urged wickedly.
“With pleasure,” he said to the approval of the driver and Lucy Lynn.  Marcie Mae looked terrified as he slid over to her and cupped her face.  Her dewy lips trembled a little when his thumbs caressed her jaw line and he tilted her head gently, saying for her ears only, “fast and chaste I promise.”
After her nod of approval, his mouth softly closed over hers.  She tasted like strawberries and she smelled like a garden with that gorgeous mane of brown hair cascading around her.  He felt her sigh when his probing deepened, his hands cupping her head and neck.  She answered without reservation clasping his arms for strength.  Further and further, hungry lips pushed and clung until the driver cleared his voice with a chuckle.
“The rest for your wedding night, kids.”  He assured them with a wink and Marcie Mae blushed down to her toes.  Lucy Lynn turned smugly in her chair but not before sharing a conspiratorial smile with Will.  Will laughed inwardly he had a strong ally. Then he draped his arm around Marcie Mae’s supple body and took ten deep breaths to get his lust back under control.
“Enjoy the ride.” He said in her ear and he felt her relax against him.
When the ride was over Lucy turned in her perch.  “Now maybe we can go shoppin’.  Or see Tiffany’s.”
“Alright, enough of this,” Marcie Mae bristled as they climbed down.  “What about seein’ Broadway?  Or the Rockets?  I remember you talkin’ ‘bout that.  I neva’ once heard you mention carriages and jewelry.”
“Well, I think you need to go shoppin’ for your weddin’.”
“Well I can’ afford nothin’ here.”  She put her hands on her hips to glare at Lucy Lynn.  He decided to take advantage of her distraction and wrapped an arm snugly around her small waist.  She blushed but she didn’t move out of the embrace.  Score, Team Will.
“What about a walk in the Park?”  Will shifted her in front of him to wrap her tightly in both of his arms.  It felt so good, her soft body molded to his, her hair tickling his nose.  She even rested her hands over his and relaxed into him.  Score, again.  “Then maybe lunch, at Serendipity.  Since I’m fully embracing my inner tourist today.”
“Serendipity?”  Marcie Mae looked over her shoulder only to flush again at the proximity of his face to hers.
“It’s a famous restaurant, Marcie Mae.  It’s in a buncha movies.  Got all kinda crazy stuff inside.  Really, did you crawl out from unda’ a rock?”  Lucy Lynn tossed her head with a flip.
“Don’t talk to your aunt like that,” Will said flatly, pure warning in his voice, and he felt Marcie Mae’s hand tighten involuntarily over his.  Lucy Lynn flushed and nodded.  Wow, were those latent parenting skills emerging?  That felt good.  “Come on, no more fighting.”

*****

“Don’ go too far,” Marcie Mae called as they strolled through the paths.   Will had rented Lucy Lynn a bike and she was up ahead.
“She’s fine.  I can see her.”  They were meandering through the shady and sunny spots along the path.  The park had a particularly peaceful feel to him that day.  Usually he was running his four miles with the other over achievers not even noticing the trees, grumbling about the kids on their bikes.  “Anyway, she disappeared.”  Will finished his thought.
“You didn’ miss her?  Try to call?”
“I did.  I did, a few times.  She didn’t call back. We weren’t exactly dating.”
“You weren’?”  She gave him a confused look.  She was naïve to a degree he hadn’t seen maybe ever.
“No.  I was a punk college kid.  She was the hot bartender.”  He felt like a shit saying that, knowing he’d been even worse back then.  “We really didn’t mean much to each other…than sex.”  He hated the cringe that crossed Marcie Mae’s face.  Maybe he shouldn’t have said that much.  “Sorry.  It’s true.  But I’m sorry for it…especially now.”
They sat on a bench as Lucy Lynn waved coming back the other direction.  “Not out of my sights, Lucy Lynn.”  The little girl nodded lit up by the exercise and excitement.  “She didn’ say much about you.  Your name a few times.  Not in a good way either.” She gave him a sideways glance.  His arm was leaning on the back of the bench between them and it was in reach of her messy waves so he chose one soft lock to twirl absentmindedly.  “I think some of her hate mighta been savin’ face.  Because I saw her a few times lookin’ you up on the internet.  And she had a whole buncha things I guess you’d given her.  She kept them in a special place.”
“I wasn’t very nice to her.”  He wished he could say otherwise but until yesterday she hadn’t crossed his mind since the last time he tried her for a booty call.  Lucy Lynn flew by.
“She’s excited about this.” Marcie Mae’s eyes clung to the little girl peddling away from them.  “She’s done some crazy things.  This is by far the craziest.”
He was marveling at how soft her hair was.  It was almost as soft as the neck he’d occasionally sweep with his hand.  “I’m glad she did.  For a number of reasons.”
“She loves you already.  That’s Lucy Lynn.  She doesn’ go at life half baked.”
She pretty unique.”  He let his gaze flip over to the bike.
“She is.  You don’ even know.”  They were silent for a minute until she spoke again.  “I don’ know what to do now.”  There was a deep nervous energy floating around her, a little bit of terror was mixing into emotion pool.  “I mean she’s yours.  You can verify it if you need to, but she’s yours.”
“Yeah, I know.”  He knew.  He knew from the first minute she burst into his office.  “I’m not sure what’s next either.  Obviously I wasn’t expecting it.  Clearly I’ll take care of her.”  He didn’t add that he wouldn’t mind taking care of her aunt too because she wasn’t ready to hear that and he couldn’t believe he wanted to say it.  “I’m not really set up to be a dad.”  The wind shifted and a few strands fell across her face.  He reached over and tucked them behind her ear.  “You’re still worried I’m going to take her?”
She shook her head unconvincingly.  Then asked timidly, “are you?”
He smiled at her as gently as he could.  “No.  I’m not that big of an ass.”  She laughed softly and tossed her hair over her shoulder.	  He could see that scar for a second and it was ugly.  She glanced at him and must have realized what he saw because she shifted her hair back.  He caressed the back of her head softly and resisted the urge to kiss her again.  He had this overwhelming urge to protect her even more so than Lucy Lynn.  The world was going to need protecting from Lucy Lynn, but Marcie Mae, she could get trampled so easily.  “Hungry?”  She nodded relieved, it seemed, that was over.  “Come on.” He held out his hand and she slipped hers into it where it sat like something so familiar that he’d never been without it.
Chapter 7

On a scale of one to was this a dream or a movie or some kind of spectacular heaven, the day was decidedly heavenly.  They ate.  They did shop at Tiffany’s where he bought them both charm bracelets.  Only after threatening to kiss Marcie Mae again if she didn’t let him.  She honestly thought getting kissed by him might better than the bracelet but she wasn’t ready to fully abandoned her sanity to the rippling of desire he was churning in her.  Linton never kissed her like that.  He took them to Barneys where further threats of PDA were used to secure the most expensive clothes she’d ever seen let alone owned.  Then he took them to The Lion King and dinner at Sardi’s where Liza Minnelli sat holding court not ten feet away.  They were wrapping up their day when they were suddenly interrupted.
“Will, baby.  Why haven’t you called me back?”  Marcie Mae’s eyes flew up to the stunning girl standing by the table with a curious smile that wasn’t as friendly as she might have liked it to seem.  The girl sized Marcie Mae and Lucy Lynn up with obvious contempt before sitting and tossing her alligator backpack on the ground like she’d picked it up at Old Navy for $9.99.  “What are you doing at Sardi’s?”   She laughed and looked Marcie Mae right in the eye.  “He hates these kinds of places.  You two must be special.”
Marcie Mae flushed but Lucy Lynn wasn’t so bashful.  “We are special.”
“And confident,” she raised her beautifully manicured eyebrows at Will who looked like he was trying to figure a way out of this.  “Well, I’m Heidi.”
She held her manicured hand out to Marcie Mae who took it shyly and said, “I’m Marcie Mae.
“Oh my,” Heidi chuckled in an unfriendly way.
Lucy Lynn sat up abruptly and shot her hand out.  “I’m Lucy Lynn.”
“Of course you are.” She was amused in the nastiest way.
Will glowered at her.  “I thought you were in Paris.”
Her face darkened.  “They overbooked.  Didn’t need me after all.”  He hid his smile.  “So what have you all been up to,” she smiled at Marcie Mae a little like the Cheshire Cat.
“Will took us around,” Marcie Mae started.
“Wow, that accent is for real.”  Heidi laughed again and Marcie Mae blushed.
“Heidi, knock it off.”  Will snapped.  “We’re leaving.”  He started shuffling around gathering his phone which Marcie Mae had noticed never stopped buzzing on some level or another.
“Where did he take you?” She ignored him and leaned on her hand into Marcie Mae.
It was obvious this was a foe and she was gunning hard for her competition.  Marcie Mae was no competition so she continued trying to use the manners and gentle ways her mother had raised her with.  “Well, we went to the park.  And uhh, Ser..undipity I think.  And then Tiffany’s.  It was all so amazin’.”
The girl laughed quietly and oh so condescendingly.  “Well be sure you check out the running water before you head back, ya hear?”  And to Heidi’s obviously pure amusement Marcie Mae nodded, completely incapable of defending against such bitchery.
“Uhm, Heidi,” Will cleared his throat.
“So what’s wrong with your hair, Heidi?” Lucy Lynn asked sitting back with arms crossed and eyes glittering sharply.
“What do you mean?” Heidi was ill prepared for what she was walking into and Marcie Mae almost felt sorry for her.
“It’s two different colors.”
“It’s called two tone.  And very in right now,” Heidi sneered.
“Huh, I guess it’s supposed to go with that see through shirt you got on?”
“Yeah, the Dolce and Gabbana one?  Yeah kid.”  Then Lucy Lynn picked up Marcie Mae’s phone and started taking pictures of Heidi.  “What are you doing now?”
“My Aunt Betty always says there ain’t nothin’ worse than a whore from Babylon makin’ like she’s an angel in heaven.  I just neva’ thought I’d see me one.”
Heidi flushed.  Marcie Mae flushed.  Will bit his lip clearly a little astonished that so much sass and vinegar could come from one so young.
“Ok girls, let’s go,” Will recovered, stood and waited for Marcie Mae and Lucy Lynn.
Heidi stood with them still red faced as she said, “when you’re finished with the Clampets we’re all headed to Beatrice’s.”
He set a gentle hand on the back of Marcie Mae’s head and placed a soft kiss on her temple.  It was so surprising that she hardly had time to lean into it to feel the way his full mouth claimed the small area.  Then he ran his hand down her back and found her hand to curl his fingers around hers. Heidi looked like she’d fallen over a cliff and was headed down into a tunnel of hell.  He raised Marcie Mae’s hand and placed another kiss on the back of it before he answered, “we’ll keep that in mind.”  Will led them away from the humbled woman muttering to himself.  “Nothing couture about that one.  Shit what a waste of six months.”  
“What?”  Marcie Mae was clinging to his hand as he led her quickly through the restaurant.  She in turn was dragging Lucy Lynn by the hand behind them.
“Nothing, let’s go home.”  He stopped short surprising her.  And there in the middle of the restaurant, he turned and took her face in his hands.  Before she could protest his lips were on hers softly, gently.  She felt Lucy Lynn wiggle free which was good because her hands were floating up to cling to his forearms.  He tilted her head back deepening the kiss, probing sweetly with his tongue.  She didn’t even notice the hush that had overtaken the room but when he finally let her up to gaze deeply into her eyes for no few long moments the place erupted around them in applause.  She laughed and blushed as he wrapped an arm around her neck and pulled her into to him to kiss her temple again.  His mouth covered hers a few more times in a playful way for the sake of their audience before he said, “let’s go, beautiful girl.”

*****

Though the ride was short, Lucy Lynn was asleep by the time they got home.  Will scooped her up effortlessly and led Marcie Mae by the hand into the building.  It was clear why Laura Lynn had pined after Will Bisso for as long as she had after coming home.  He was a work of art.  The good looks were blinding, almost as blinding as his never ending bank account.  He kept saying he was a jerk but much of what he had done over the past twenty four hours seemed to belie that.  Even at his worst, after some pretty unbelievable truths thrown at him, after only momentary lapses, he had taken it in stride and seemed to be determined to honor his responsibilities.  Bad guys didn’t do that.
That he was also relentlessly pursuing her was icing on the tiered cake.  She knew she was behaving irresponsibly, probably for the first time ever in her life, and she liked it.  She liked his touches and the way he always seemed to be watching her.  She liked that he didn’t condescend to her and that he didn’t let anyone else do so either, not even Lucy Lynn.  So when he put Lucy Lynn down gently and kissed her brow like he’d known she was his daughter from day one her heart careened fully over the cliff of love.
“I’ll see you out there,” he whispered before placing a sweet kiss on her lips and leaving her to situate Lucy Lynn.  Should she?  Shouldn’t she?  She was getting married in a few days.  This was the last stop on the ferry for her.  She could pass it up, but she was positive that would be a decision she regretted for life.  One night.  One perfect, all encompassing night was all she was asking for from the fates.  Tomorrow she would put on her duty cap and trudge back to Virginia.  So what if it was only lust for his part?  She’d take it.  She wouldn’t even be able to tell the difference.  And for the night, that perfect night - she was pretty sure it was going to be perfect - she’d let go and form memories that would need to take her over a lifetime of Linton.  It was an easy turn to go in search of him.
She padded bare foot out of the room and into the dark great room.  It was empty.  She made her way to the French doors and even opened it to peek out onto the balcony.  Her brow furrowed.  Had he gone to sleep?  She looked over toward where she knew his room was.  She wasn’t that brave.  So she shook off her disappointment.  She told herself to stop reading more into things than were there and started back for her room.  She took no more than three steps when she heard shuffling coming through the butler’s pantry.
“Hi.”  He had two glasses and a bottle of wine.  He was a tall dark image standing in the doorway.  She’d already had one glass of wine and that was probably what was fortifying her with the moxy to do what she was going to do.
She smiled at him in the shadowy room.  “Are you tryin’ to get me drunk?”  Her soft voice sounded so loud in the silence.  He shook his head then changed his mind and nodded.  She laughed.  “You don’ have to do that.”
Confusion followed closely by hope filled up his face and it only grew when she slowly peeled the tight t-shirt off of her body.  The glasses and wine were discarded on a table during his walk to her.  Then her hips were in his hands as he stared down at her chest.  A shiver curled around her when his hand ran up the flat of her belly to the curves of her breasts.  Blue eyes were mesmerized by their perfection overflowing in the small bra.
“You are beautiful,” he said quietly, stroking her breasts.  She reached behind and unhooked the bra and it fell away.  His head tilted back as if in awe.  “Stop taking your clothes off.  I get to do that.”  He whispered before bending to gently kiss around the high orbs.  When his warm mouth chose one sensitive nipple to suckle her knees buckled slightly.  His arms were there to catch her and somehow he never realized his pressure. Her back arched when the suction grew tighter.  He seemed to know just how to press and flick so that little shots of electricity pulsed right between her legs.  She wanted to feel her skin against his so she reach for his t-shirt and struggled him out of it.  He must have wanted it too because in the next instant she was smooth in his muscled arms, pressed warmly into his hard naked torso.  Then his mouth consumed hers but it was nothing like the carriage or even Sardi’s.  It was like those romance novels she loved to read.  It was desperately deep, demanding, confused with the desire rising from his hands running the length of her body stopping to flatten and cup her breasts.
“Oh my,” she sighed.
“I need you in my bed,” he said roughly before scooping her up like she was Lucy Lynn and not a full grown woman.  His blue eyes were piercing her with hungry desire.  Before she could sigh, they were in his room, on his bed, clinging to their kisses as she worked on the buttons to his jeans and he yanked hers off.  Fingers like heaven began massaging her most sensitive area deeper and deeper.  In a gorgeous sweep, he lifted her hips up to meet his mouth as began to suckle between her legs through the cotton panties.
She cried, “ahhh.”  Her hands reached for his headboard involuntarily.  When his fingers found their way around the cotton barrier deep into her stroking hard and rythmically, she nearly arched off the bed.  They both laughed together.  “I’ve never felt anything like it,” she was gasping as he pulsed them in and out, finally pulling aside the panties to fully lock his mouth on her.  She shot up holding his head against the fiery invasion.  Oh my god, nothing in life had ever prepared her for this feeling.
“That’s it beautiful girl.”  His voice rocked her with its timbre.  Before she could respond his mouth clasped her again while his fingers continued their pulsing in and out.  The suction was so tight and hard, his tongue swirling her then pressing those fingers pulsing in perfect rhythm.  She was crying out gripping his head roughly when she exploded.
“Oh my god,” was all she could whisper.  Her hips collapsed down and she was breathless, laughing.  “Wow.”
“You liked that?”  He chuckled still kissing her softness.
“Uhh, yeah.”  She rolled her eyes at the ceiling.  “I like that a lot.”
His lips felt even softer and wetter as they trailed north stopping so that he could swirl her navel with his tongue.  Her body started reacting almost immediately.  He stopped again to revel in her breasts, palming and massaging while digging his thighs into her sex.   He sat over her on his haunches, and grabbed a handful of her underwear.  In a clean rip he left her naked and beautiful.
“I’ve never seen a body so perfect.” He said almost reverently, repositioning to suckle her breasts.  “I want to be inside you.”  Those words alone brought the wetness back between her legs.  He pressed his hips against her sensitive area and she opened her legs wider.
“I should tell you somethin’,” she gasped as he pressed against her again before sitting up to undress fully.
“Ok,” he said fumbling with his pants not really paying attention to the serious look on her face.
“I’ve neva’ done this before.”
His pants were gone and he was settling between her legs when the truth of the words she had just said registered.  He stopped short. “What?”
“I’ve neva’ done this before.  This is gonna be my first time.”
He rolled off her, laying flat on his back with a stunned look.  “What?”
“You heard me.” She sat up a little embarrassed.  She didn’t really know what kind of reaction to expect when she said this but this maybe wasn’t the one she wanted.
He held his head staring at the shadows on his ceiling.  “How is that even possible?”
“Well,” She thought about an explanation.  “Mama was big on the bible, so for a long time that was why.  Then I guess I didn’ really ever meet anyone who thrilled me like that.  Then I met Linton and I figured I’d waited this long might as well see it through to the end.  I guess I was a little embarrassed too.”  She laughed and looked down at him.  “Embarrassed to be a virgin.  Kinda unbelievable, huh?”
He smiled and reached up to cup a round breast.  She breathed into his touch.  “So now?  Me?  Not the man you’ll be married to in a week?  You want to do it?  You want to give this to me?”
She nodded somberly, “yeah, I do.”  Then she smiled at his baffled look.  “I know crazy, right?  But I never felt ‘bout anyone the way I feel ‘bout you.  Everything I feel for you…it’s so easy.”  She thought for a second more.  “Since I’m goin’ be married by the end of the week I don’ think I’m goin’ get the chance to find out if I’ll eva’ get to feel this way again.  Seems to me this belongs to you.”
She watched her words process and he shook his head with adoring disbelief before he attacked her mouth violently and pushed her fiercely onto her back.  He was heavy between her legs in another moment.  She was answering his thrusting tongue and raising her hips to the hard probing.
“I should put something on.”  His voice was ragged.
“I’m on the pill.”  She laughed at his look of confusion.  “I have a crazy periods.  Been on it since I was fifteen, it keeps me regular.  I know, even crazier?”
“Beautiful girl,” he said, dropping his head to place a clinging kiss to her mouth.  She could taste herself and something about that felt sexy, almost as sexy as the thick tip he was probing her with.  Her legs slipped a little wider and her hips arched up to meet his mini thrust.  “Ready?”  He asked with concern.  She ran her hands down his muscled back onto the iron cheeks that were flexed ready to thrust.  She pushed down hoping to encourage him to do what they both wanted.  Then he did with a fluid, hard motion he slammed home opening a flood of pain and desire.
“Oh my god,” she cried.  It was more than she expected, painfully delicious.  He was big.  She didn’t need experience to tell her that much.  Stretched and filled she wanted him to move, hard and fast.  She didn’t need experience to tell her that either.  “You feel so wonderful,” she sighed rocking her hips to inch him even deeper inside of her.  Oh it felt good.
He shuddered, “are you ready?  Because I can’t hold out for much longer.”
“Yeah,” she laughed.
“Good.”  He slid his length out before driving her home again.  She cried out a little.  Then he began a rhythm that not only drove her over her cliff it dragged her back up again.  Her body bounced against him, her legs clinging to his waist, her hands wrapped around his neck and bottom.  It was unbelievable and just as she crashed again he fell on top of her with a primal groan.  She knew there were only a handful of perfect moments in life and that was one to add to her handful.

*****

“They were threatenin’ to take her away from me.  We were out of money so I dropped out.”  She shrugged.  The soft look in his eyes bothered her a little, like he might feel sorry for her.  “I don’ need pity.”
He dropped his forehead onto hers, closing his eyes.  “For all of your gentle ways you’re a little like a bulldog aren’t you?  Stubborn and proud.”
That was probably the truest thing ever said about her.  “Well I can’ say I’ve eva’ been likened to a dog before.”
He laughed and raised his head.  “So you work at the veterinary clinic during the week and the restaurant on the weekend?”
“Yeah, but I finished my AA in May,” she said with a touch of pride.  It wasn’t much but it was more than she had in April.  “Maybe I can find somethin’ else.  Somethin’ better.”
“Or go to school.”  He suggested softly.
She daydreamed for a moment about the fifteen year old girl who wanted to be a veterinarian one day.  That dream was over in her estimation.  “Just a betta’ job will do.”
“You don’t want to go to school?”
“I can’ afford school.”
“I could pay for it,” he suggested sincerely.  His hand was wandering her body and his eyes were flirting with hers and drinking her nakedness like an elixir.  She huffed at the most absurd thing she’d ever heard.  He chuckled.  “Too much?”
“I’d say.  You offer to pay for every girl’s education you take to bed?”
“No,” he bent to suckle at her breast until her gasps were audible.  “Just the ones who’s V card I take after twenty four years of hanging onto it and a few days before they’re marrying someone else.”  His eyes were full of mirth.  “I suppose I thought that put us a little farther along than it actually does in your estimation.”
“You’re terrible.”  But she couldn’t swallow her smile.
“But true.  In my opinion it makes you mine,” he slipped between her legs and he was hard, probing.  She opened her legs wide and he pushed in with a force that brought an involuntary cry of ecstasy.
“I’m nobody’s.”  She gasped when he rolled so she was on top.  Wow, his size stretched her to the point that she was already tingling, ready to crash.  He sat up onto his haunches, never losing his contact, running his hands along the length of her body then down again to squeeze and cup her bottom.  He pushed up with his hips and her head fell forward as she clung to his neck.  “I feel like you were made for me.”  Her breath was soft and hot.  “You fill me up.”
He titled her head into his so that he could smother her in a kiss as he rocked his hips in a deep, slow grind.  “You are mine,” he dug deep and she cried out.  “And I’m yours.  We belong to each other.”
She smiled against his mouth.  “Harder, baby,” she breathed and only a few short strokes later she fell over that cliff and him a moment after.

*****

They were lying in his bed fresh from his shower which made the shower she took earlier look like hers back home.  He seemed to enjoy how much everything impressed her, almost needing it before he could be satisfied.  She was on her stomach hugging her pillow to her chest and his hand was drawing the contours of her curvaceous silhouette in a long smooth motion.  He reached her neck and caressed the nape feeling that bubble again.  She didn’t pull away and she knew he’d want an answer this time.  When she smiled at him, he took the invitation and swept her hair aside to look and his face went from curious to shocked.
“What happened here?”  The skin had been grafted from her thigh.  It took months to heal and it would never look like the rest of her skin.  Luckily it was behind her hair.
“Right before Linton, I met a guy.  He was so nice at first.  But he wanted more, you know, of this,” she motioned between them and the bed.  “And I couldn’ even though I kept tellin’ myself I needed to just do it and be done with it.  But I couldn’.  So I finally had to tell him why.  He liked that.  You men like the idea of bein’ the first ones there.”  Will didn’t smile even though she was trying to alleviate the tension in his face.  “He was always jealous but it got worse.  He saw me speakin’ to a man who brings his dogs to the clinic.  That night he took a metal spatula and tried to brand his initials in my neck.  That way everyone knew I was his.”  Will sat up and rested his head in his hands.  She could see the fury in the flexing muscles of his arms.  “I don’ know why my neck.  He was always goin’ on ‘bout how beautiful I was.  Maybe didn’t want to muss it.  I guess I’m lucky.  I heard he did even worse to another woman.”
“I’m sorry about what I said earlier.” Serious eyes pierced her while he caressed the burn.  Then he bent to kiss it, and kiss it again, and again.  “You don’t belong to anyone.  Nobody.  But I am going to spend the rest of my life making sure nobody does anything like this to you again.”  He turned her gently so he could swallow her soul into his with a deep, never ending kiss.  Then he rested down and gathered her in his arms so that she laid on him with a sleepy smile on her face.  He caressed her hair back with a gentle smile.  “You’re tired.”
“Hmmm,” she agreed as he shifted her to the side and cocooned her with his arms.  “Thanks for the best day of my life…and I know Lucy Lynn’s.”
“Likewise,” His kiss was slow and long on her temple.  She was already asleep when he said, “Sleep, beautiful girl.”  And she did, the deepest sleep she’d slept in eight years as the weight of the world transferred a little bit onto the man who was to share it with her for life.
Chapter 8

His eyes blinked open to the pitch dark of early morning.  He was swimming in the blank oblivion before his brain turned on completely for the day.  Then it did.  Oh yeah, he’d just had the best night of his life.  He daydreamed through some of his favorite memories until he realized there wasn’t a soft body next to him.  With a jerk, he sat up and then fell to his elbows in relief because she slept peacefully on the other side, her back to him.  What was she doing over there?  Wasn’t there some unwritten rule among women to smother you at night, particularly early in a relationship as if trying to make it more than it actually was?  It was a well worn drill.  They would crowd him out and he’d awaken to untangle and find his way to the other side of the bed or maybe even another one altogether.  This girl could have slept on top of him and it wouldn’t have been close enough.  Only she was sleeping on the other side of his huge bed.  What kind of weird alter reality had taken over his life?  It was the same one that kept flashing moments of forever where this girl was always the star and that beautiful pip squeak wasn’t far away.  That was a lot to take in for a guy who found the whole idea of love and marriage as painful as medieval torture.  
Leaning over, he wrapped an arm around her and slipped her into him.  For all of those smoking hot curves she was decidedly light, lithe.  He admired the view from above letting his hand smooth over the hills and valleys of her body.  Her breasts cupped perfectly in his hands overflowing to just the right amount.  She sighed a little and turned her back into his chest.  It was five thirty, a half hour after he was usually at work and he knew at least another hour before he’d get to work because he had some things to attend to in bed.  What was going on with him?  He’d work on an answer to that question later.  Right then, he needed to bend down to kiss her neck and let his fingers tug her nipples into hard buttons.  She stretched a cat stretch with a secret smile and her hand slid up around his neck.  For all of her innocence, she was good in bed, really good.
Those eyes opened, “hi.”
He covered her mouth with his for his morning greeting.  She moaned into it when his tongue forced hers to play with him.  When his hand ran down the length of her body to slither between the folds of her sex she arched with a giggle and broke the kiss to gasp.  He took the opportunity to shower her neck and shoulders with languid kisses all while massaging and swirling his fingers around until he plunged in fully with two fingers.
“Oh my,” she sighed turning into him like fluid.
Any gentleness on either of their parts was tossed aside.  He knelt in front of her and lifted her hips to him driving in immediately.  She cried out loudly.  He loved how she let him know in no uncertain terms when he was getting it right.  He slid in slow and long a few times enjoying the profile of her face with eyes closed blissfully feeling his length.  Like the night before she was velvety warm sheathing him.
“It’s going to be hard this time, beautiful girl.” His voice was quiet in the early streaks of daylight.
“Oh yes please,” she begged and then he did.  He began a rhythm that somehow grew more furious until they both cried out in primal release.  He fell onto her enjoying her breathless laugher.  “I could do this with you nonstop.”  She sprinkled kisses all over his shoulders and neck leaving little brands that he would think about all day.  “’Cause it is somethin’ special.”
Somehow over the past day or so he’d had a change of heart.  He decided he loved that accent and the way it made everything seem nicer.  He definitely loved everything about this girl, the way he felt inside of her being one of the top things.  So he wrapped his mouth over hers and their deep kiss grew desperate, hopeful like maybe they had started something in the nick of time.
He dropped his head to hers breathing deeply wishing there was some way to morph her onto his body.  “I have to go to work.”
She wrapped her legs around him shifting so that his shrinking size stayed in her.  “We need to go home.”
He jerked up with panicked eyes.  “No.” He said matter of factly.  She seemed surprised.  “I mean.  Well, I mean no.  Why?”
“I have work.  Lucy Lynn’s missin’ that science camp I signed her up for this month.  Cost a small fortune.”
He was still reeling from the fact that she was trying to leave but he couldn’t help delving into the science camp conversation.  “Science camp?”
Marcie Mae smiled and lifted her head to kiss him fully.  Her hair cascaded behind her and he wondered if it was illegal to tie her to the bed indefinitely.  “Yeah, your daughter’s a genius.  She takes mainly sixth and seventh grade coursework.”
He was filled with pride for this.  “Of course she is.”
She laughed, “and you’re cocky.”
He shifted and dug himself into her once more before he couldn’t. “Oh yeah?”
She laughed again and groaned when he finally shifted out of her.  “It’s time for us to go home.”
“Stay and I’ll bring you home this weekend.”
“But I’m…”
“Do not say you’re getting married,” he warned with a serious look.
She looked unsure.  “But I am.”
“Are you?”  Frustrated anger was starting to fill him up.  Without a doubt, this girl would probably get married out of obligation despite what happened to both of them last night.
Her look grew confused.  “I don’ know.”
His anger softened.  He traced her face lightly.  “Beautiful girl, I think we started something here that isn’t easily stopped.”
Her eyes glowed up into his.  “I know.”
“I’ll bring you home this weekend and we’ll talk to Linton.”
“No,” she looked terrified.  “I can’ walk away from him on Saturday.  Hours before he’s set to make me his wife.”  Those words annoyed Will fully.  “I gotta go back now and tell him.  Give him time to tell others.  Ease the blow.”
“I have to work this morning.” Will was resigning himself to the fact that she wanted to leave.  “I’ll take you home this afternoon and we’ll talk to him.”
‘No,” the terror was back and it was that terror exactly that scared him.  She wasn’t afraid of hurting Linton, not afraid of how hard it would be.  No, she was afraid of Linton because Linton was the kind of guy that used a hot spatula to do to another human something you shouldn’t even do to an animal.  No way was Will going to send her into that situation alone.  No way.
“Yes,” he kissed her hard.  “That’s the only deal I’m willing to make you.”  He could see her struggling with that.  “Let’s start with leaving this afternoon.  And we’ll figure out the rest later.”  She looked relieved.  “OK, beautiful, I have to shower and if I take you with me I’ll never get out of here.”  He kissed her fully and long and it almost dragged them back under its spell but he broke away.  His eyes drowned hers with serious intent as he said, “I’ve never wanted anything like I want you.”  Then he bounded up quickly before he fell any further down the rabbit hole.

*****

Showered and ridiculously late, he still swung by the kitchen where he could hear the women in his life talking and laughing.  Lucy Lynn had a pout on and Melida and Marcie Mae were chatting.
“What’s wrong?” He asked placing a kiss on Lucy Lynn’s head.  Something about this girl was totally and completely under his skin and he would never be able to change that again, something about both of these girls
“I don’ know why we have to leave.”
He met the sparkling eyes of Marcie Mae with raised eyebrows but something in him told him to provide a united front, even if he agreed with the child this time.  “I think you’re missing camp from what I understand.  So it’s time to go.  I’ll be back at two.  Have fun until then.”  He kissed her again and then went to Marcie Mae and tugged her head back to him to place consuming upside down kiss on her lips.  When she reached up to cradle his face, returning the kiss no hesitation at all, he honestly wondered why he was leaving.  He hadn’t taken a day off in five years.  He was due.  Then his phone buzzed again.  If he went in and wrapped up some things, he could stay in Virginia through the weekend and hopefully convince them to come back with him forever.  Forever?  Huh, there was that idea again.  He hovered for another moment and gave one more kiss before straightening with a reluctant sigh.  He caught the ecstatic gaze of Melida as he left.  She’d been pressuring him for years to settle down because he wasn’t getting any younger.

*****

He walked into his office ten minutes later signaling for Beth to follow him.  He heard her say, “Have you been good?”  She paused to listen then said, “then I bet you will get it.  Oh, I see.  Well, Christmas is coming soon.  He’s here,” She smothered a smile as she looked up and held her hand over the phone.  “It’s Lucy Lynn.”
He gave her an incredulous look but a smile consumed his face.  “Tell Mac I’m here but I’m leaving at two.  Put her on hold I’ll get her in there.”  He settled into his seat quickly, headset on, logged in then he hit the flashing telephone line.  “Kid, I just left you.”
“Marcie Mae’s takin’ a shower so I thought I’d call and see if this number really worked.”
The thought of Marcie Mae wet in a shower made his morning.  He choked back his laugh.  “You think I’d give you the wrong number?”
“No, I guess not.”  She sounded bored and something told him Lucy Lynn and boredom was not a good combination.
“What were you and Beth talking about?”  He set up a few trades flashing back and forth between his screens.
“What I wanted for my birthday.  But I didn’ get it.”
“I’m sure there was a good reason.  Right?”
She hesitated then agreed begrudgingly.  “Yeah I guess.”
He could tell she was starting to realize he was going to take her aunt’s side over hers more often than not.  “What didn’t you get?
“The Rebecca Rubin doll?”  She brightened with his question.
“Hmm,” he clicked a few things losing his train of thought.  “Ok, what was that?  A doll?”
“Yeah, she’s an American Girl.  Marcie Mae said it was too expensive but I know she was goin’ to buy it.  Then I hid Linton’s glasses from him and he accidently stepped on them.  He made her pay for them and that was that.”  What an ass!  Will was going to take pleasure in kicking this guy out of their lives.  “She was so mad at me.  I was grounded for like a month.”
He chuckled.  “What was that doll name again?”
“Rebecca Rubin.” There was a hopeful tint to her answer.
“Tell you what kid.  I’ll make you a deal.  You tell me everything you know about Linton and I’ll see what I can do about this doll.”
“Lord!  Where do I begin?”  And he could almost see her putting her feet up preparing her oration.
Ten minutes later Mac knocked and poked his head in.  Will was still deep in the world according to Lucy Lynn.  “Kid, I have to go.”
“Alright then,” she whispered.  “Me too.  I hear her coming.  We had a deal.  Don’t forget.”
He smothered his smile.  “See you later kid.”  Then he hung up and rejoined the dry, dull world of FX trading.  He somehow made it to afternoon even redeeming his day off with some high level money making magic.  Everyone was happy.  One of the traders stuck his head in and said, “drinks at five?”
“Not today.  I have to leave.”  Will didn’t even look up as he cleaned up his standings.  The guy nodded and Will smiled to himself and thought I have a family to get home to.  He’d heard other men at the firm say that.  They were the ones who’d never be more than mid level nobodies.  They were the ones he laughed at with the other movers and shakers as they hit the hot spots and collected hot babes.  Almost suddenly, it didn’t seem so tragic to be a part of the mid level nobodies.  He hit Beth’s line and she came on immediately. “I have to go.  Did you have any luck?”
“LD is picking them up right now.  He should be here in fifteen minutes.”
Will was already standing packing his bag.  “Tell him to meet me at home.  I’m going to walk.”  He was impatient dying to be back with the girls.
“Yes sir,” sounded like it might be laced in humor but he wasn’t going to reflect on that too much.
Chapter 9

“C’mon Lucy Lynn, he’s almost here.”  Marcie Mae leaned over the suitcase Will had loaned her trying to snap it closed.  She was so in her moment she didn’t hear the door open or catch Will’s drop jaw leer at her looming bottom high up in the air for his admiration.  All she knew was someone’s hand was on her bottom in a familiar and possessive way suddenly.  She shot up surprised and her words were cut off by his demanding and very welcomed kiss.
“Hi, honey, I’m home,” he said against her lips before another kiss.
“Alright you two.  You’re worse than a couple of teenagers.”  Lucy Lynn was hands on hips spunk in the doorway.
“What do you know about that anyway?”  Marcie Mae asked as Will snaked his arms around her.
“I know enough.”
“You betta’ not,” Marcie Mae warned.
Lucy Lynn backed down.  “You don’t let me do anything.  What do you think I know, Marcie Mae?”
“Well that’s the general plan,” Marcie Mae assured her.  It was hard raising a girl these days, really hard.
“Alright, beautiful girls, ready?”
Will slung Lucy Lynn’s pack over his shoulders and grabbed his HENK bag all without letting go of Marcie Mae’s hand.  She tried to stifle, for the millionth time, the thought that this man just might be the one she got to spend the rest of her life with.  It was too much to hope for.
In the car Lucy Lynn sat up front talking to LD about the benefits of front seat driving to back seat driving.  Marcie Mae was leaned back in Will’s arms which had her in a seatbelt lock as she gazed out at the passing city while he answered emails.  Occasionally he would kiss her temple or whisper a sweet nothing.  What a crazy way for love to find her.  Why couldn’t it have been less dramatic and less unrealistic?  The hillbilly and the stinkin’ rich Yankee?  Even she found that hard to swallow.  He didn’t seem to be at war with the idea like she was or at least not as the same level of urgency as she was.  Maybe he was just better at hiding his concerns.  And on top of it all, she was getting married, well, maybe not, because she knew in her heart of hearts she couldn’t marry Linton, not after last night.  Then her phone rang and she dug it out of the Kelly bag Will had sent over that morning.  She wouldn’t have known what the bag was without her nine year old fashion consultant present.  She had been afraid to use it after she was informed what it was and where it had come from.  It was worth more than her beat up Honda.  Her phone was showing LINTON.
“Don’t answer it,” Will said into her ear.  He had a bird’s eye view of the name.
“I have to,” she insisted as she pushed send.  “Linton,” she said calmly.
“Where are you?”  He barked loudly.  She knew Will could hear every word.
“I’m on my way.  We’re headed to the airport right now.”
“There’s no flight ‘till this evenin’.  I checked.”
“Well we’re not comin’ on a regular flight.”  She felt her body tensing up.  He had that sort of unpleasant effect on her.
“What does that mean?”  His voice was almost sinister.
“Lucy Lynn wanted to meet her father.  So we did.  He’s very wealthy and he’s flyin’ us home on his jet.”
“You up there whorin’ and beggin’ from strangers?”  The accent he worked so hard to suppress always came out in his most honest moments.
“We’re not whorin’ and beggin’” she whispered angrily.  Will’s arms had tightened around her and he’d clicked his phone off to listen intently.  She knew she had to wrap this up before he heard anymore.  “We’ll be there in a few hours.  Why don’ you come for dinna’?  Around seven.”
“I’ll meet you when you arrive.”  He assured her.  “And listen to me you little piece of trash.  You even the slightest bit different I’ll be able to sniff it.  You get my meanin’.”
She knew Will got the meaning loud and clear because his hand was on the phone threatening to take it away.  Marcie Mae opened begging eyes to him and shook her head vehemently.  “Linton, I’ll see you in a little bit.”  And she hung up on him even as he was answering her back.  He was going to be angry at her for hanging up on him and she kinda didn’t care.  She and Will sat locked in a silent gaze until he sighed and pulled her back onto him.  He kissed her head and opened his phone again.  She could tell he wanted to take matters into his hands and she knew she wasn’t going to be able to keep him from doing just that for long.

*****

Lucy Lynn was excited running around the plane like she was on fire.  Will was clearly enjoying her joy.
“You own this?”  Marcie Mae looked around.
“With a few other investors.  It’s nonsensical to own one of these by yourself unless you travel extensively.”
“Well of course it is,” Marcie Mae tried her hand at sarcasm and it worked.  He charged her and attacked her mouth against her squealed protest.
“Alright Will Bisso.  We had a deal.”  Lucy Lynn interrupted them with a look of determination.  Marcie Mae gave him a quizzical look but he seemed to know exactly what Lucy Lynn was talking about.
“We did,” he agreed sitting on the long leather couch and pulling Marcie Mae onto his lap.
“Well?”  Lucy Lynn had a look of hope on her face.
“LD?”  Will asked.
“Sir?”  LD was coming out of the cockpit.
“Where’s that package?”
“Here sir.”  He reached behind one of the forward facing chairs and brought out a large wrapped box.
Lucy Lynn squealed and spread about a hundred kisses over Will’s face.  He seemed to revel in it.  Then she ran and jumped in LD’s arms and he caught her like she was a doubloon with the barest hint of a smile on his lips.  In curiosity, Marcie Mae lean forward until the wrapping tore away and the doll’s face came into view.
Her jaw dropped.  “Lucy Lynn.  How dare you ask for anythin’ else!”
“I didn’ ask for it! I didn’!  Right Will?”
He pulled Marcie Mae back onto him again. “She didn’t we had a deal and I’m honoring my end of it.”
“What kinda deal?”  Marcie Mae saw a hint of fear cross Lucy Lynn’s eyes.
“It’s confidential,” Will assured her and Lucy Lynn relaxed and went back to her doll.
He was sniffing her neck as she said, “you’re spoilin’ her.”
“I know.  It’s fun.”  He produced a little box with the lovely letters HW etched in even lovelier typography.  “I like spoiling both of you.”
“Will,” she said softly looking at the box.  Even with her lack of savvy she knew it was more jewelry just from the size of the box.
“Open it and let me enjoy being rich enough to get you these things.”  He was kissing her neck.  “Because honestly it’s not even a drop in the bucket for me.  Ok, beautiful?”
“You’re such a snob,” she admonished but turned her head so that he could smother her in a kiss.
“Now open it.”  He was excited for her to see it she could tell.
“Oh my,” she whispered.  They were the biggest diamond earrings she’d ever seen in her life and she knew without asking that unlike those one’s Linton’s mama ordered from QVC these were real.  She turned in his arms and met him halfway to a soul searching kiss.  “I love them.”
“Put them on,” he urged.
“After we talk to Linton, ok?”  She wasn’t prepared for Linton’s reaction to what she was going to do and she knew if he was staring large pebble sized glittering diamonds in the eye he might just snap.
“Ok.  Tonight in bed you can wear them with nothing else.”  She blushed with a wide eyed gape and his wicked smile was devastating.

*****

As promised, Linton was waiting when their town car pulled up to the old farm house.  He stormed out of his used Jaguar on a mission.  Lucy Lynn looked like a four foot warrior in front of Marcie Mae ready to do whatever to stop Linton as he stormed with what could only be assumed was malicious intent.  To Linton’s surprise, Will stepped in front of both girls.
“Hi Linton.” Will held out a commanding hand.  “I’m Will Bisso.  Lucy’s father.”
Linton was clearly not prepared for Lucy Lynn’s father to be as tall, athletic, self assured or handsome as he was.  Linton was used to being the big fish in the little pond.  Next to Will he was clearly the guppy.  Marcie Mae couldn’t help but smile a little as she watched him process all of this.  He even held out his hand eventually to shake Will’s.
“We’re headed inside would you like to join us?”  Will asked like the house was his.  Marcie Mae wasn’t sure what to do but follow Will’s lead.
“Uhh, yeah, well, I kinda need to get home and get changed.”  Linton was looking over Will’s impeccably tailored pants and French cuff shirt and clearly deciding his Dockers and Polo might not be up to par.
“If you insist,” Will held out his hand for Marcie Mae to start toward the house.  Lucy Lynn was grinning ear to ear.  “Are you coming for dinner?  You said seven, correct, Marcie?”  She nodded comically.
“Uhh, yeah, of course,” Linton was already at his car.  “I’ll see you later Marcie Mae.” He was in the car pulling out before she could respond.
“Well, that was easy,” Will said scooping up the bags and heading to the steps.  “Alright, Lucy Lynn, show me around.”  He gave Marcie Mae a fly by kiss as Lucy Lynn pulled him into the house.

*****

After the tour, Lucy Lynn ran back up the stairs and a few moments later flew out the front door.  She called out behind her, “I’m goin’ to the treehouse.”
“What’s that?”  Will asked watching her run down the lane.
“It’s a play house.  She and Jack are always there.”
“Jack?”
“That’s her little friend.  Neighbor boy from the farm next to ours.”
“Jack?”  She could tell Will didn’t like this idea.  “LD, maybe you should go with her.”  LD was standing in the country home looking like an urban giant out of place in his all black ensemble and serious gaze.
“Will, really, they’ve known each other since day one.”
“How old is Jack?”
Marcie Mae flinched as she said, “thirteen.”
“LD,” was out of Will’s mouth not a measurement of time after she spoke.  LD was on the move out the door even faster.
“I’m pretty strict with her and even I think she’s safe with Jack.”
“I’m going to confirm that.”  He gathered her in.  “Humor me.  I haven’t been parenting as long.  Now I’ve had the tour.  I wouldn’t mind christening a few areas in a carnal way.”
“No, later, I gotta figure out dinna’.” She pushed him away and headed to the kitchen.  He was wrapped around her before she could open the refrigerator door with his hand deep in her jeans even faster.  With no line of defense against this, she decided she could at least take advantage of the situation to set some ground rules.  So she turned in his embrace and pulled him onto her, molding her body to his until he groaned.  “Make love to me baby.”  She whispered while fumbling with his pants.
“You are becoming dangerous,” he laughed after she dropped his pants and underwear.  In another second her pants were gone and he was slowly sinking into her as he held her against the counter.
“Baby, tonight, with Linton,” she gasped enjoying the deep unhurried strokes in and out.
“You can’t be serious.  You want to talk about Linton right now?”  He gave a hard thrust and she cried out a little.
“Well, yeah, I was hopin’ to get you to agree to somethin’.  I thought this might be a good time.” Her head fell forward against the grinding thrusts he had begun.
“I underestimated you, beautiful,” he laughed and slowed down, kissing her neck to distraction.  “Ok what do you want from me?  This is ruthless I hope you know.”
“Tonight, don’t be touchin’ me and kissin’ me like you do.”
“Why?  You don’t like it?”  He looked legitimately surprised by this request.
“No, no I love it.  I mean I love it.  But Linton won’ and really he deserves betta’ than to find out that way.”
Will considered her request before grasping her face and kissing her deeply.  “Ok, I won’t if Linton doesn’t.”
“Oh, he doesn’ touch me.  He’ll whack my bottom sometimes.  But he’s not affectionate like that.  Not like you.”  She was gasping again because he was moving with slow, beautiful precision.
“No whacking.  Or I’ll have issues.”  Will set his ground rules.  “Now can I make love to you?”
“Oh my god, yes,” she whispered and they did like crazy in love people.
After, he was wrapped around her as she pulled food from the refrigerator.  “You promised, remember?”
“I’m getting my fill ok?”  He swept her hair to the side to kiss her neck softly while she chopped vegetables for the salad.  His phone buzzed and he pulled it out to read the most recent onslaught of emails.  “Shit.  I have to go back.”
Her face dropped at his serious eyes that were still reading.  “You do?”
Her disappointment was evident in her expression.  He wrapped a hand around her neck and pulled her in for a soothing kiss.  “Not tonight, beautiful.  No way am I spending the night without you.  But tomorrow morning.  They’ve called a meeting for ten.”
“Oh, ok.” That was slightly better she guessed.
“I’ll be back by dinner,” he assured her and she smiled.
Chapter 10

“Jack?”  Lucy Lynn knocked her secret knock on the locked trapped door.  LD was at the bottom of the tree looking up dubiously.
“Yeah, you’re here?”  He flung it open and she crawled through and turned to signal LD.
“M’am, I cannot fit up there.”
“Sure you can.  C’mon.”
“M’am I’ll wait here.”
“Well at least try to crawl up and see.”  LD struggled with that thought before indulging her wish.  He crawled up and wedged his head and shoulder into the space before he could go no farther.  “See, at least you can hear now.”
“Who’s this?”  Jack had wide eyes.  “Is he a football player?”
“No, Jack.  This is LD.  LD this is Jack.” LD nodded as his piercing eyes clearly sized up the adolescent boy.  “He’s my Daddy’s bodyguard.”
“You’re Daddy has a bodyguard?”
“My Daddy has everythin’.”
“Well I guess we knew he was rich.”  Jack looked thrilled to have Lucy Lynn back.  “So she ain’t gonna marry him now?”
“No I don’ think so.  She’s plum in love with my Daddy.”
Jack’s expression was pure astonishment.  “What?”
“Lemme tell you what kinda week we had,” Lucy Lynn started and didn’t stop until she’d finished the whole story.  Jack was open mouthed shocked.  “He’s comin’ to dinna’ tonight.  I don’ know why she did that.  She’s the type that would marry him just ‘cause she said she would and for no other reason.  She needs more time with Will.  We gotta get rid of Linton tonight.  Quick.”
Jack thought hard and then his face lit up again.  “Ipecac.”
Lucy Lynn smiled.  “The throw up stuff?”  He nodded.  “Jack, you’re a genius.”  She threw herself into his arms and he hugged her tightly.
“I missed you somethin’ awful Lucy Lynn.”
“Me too Jack.  But I did it.  We did it.”  They pulled apart but stayed a little too close.  LD cleared his throat loudly.  “LD, can you wait for me down the tree?  I’ll be right there.”
To her great surprise he said, “no m’am.”
She pouted.  “I ain’t gonna do anythin’.”
“Yes m’am.”
“So you’ll wait?”
“No m’am.”  There was a twinkling in his eyes that belied his serous face.
“Don’ worry about it.  I gotta go,” Jack said.  “Lemme know how it goes.”
Lucy Lynn and LD were left to walk back to the grand old country house.  They followed the path that wandered along the lake that backed up to their farm.  Lucy Lynn had her little hand in LD’s.
“LD, you think you can take me to the drug store?”
“No m’am.”
“You don’t approve.”
“No m’am.”
“But you won’t say nothin’.”
“No m’am.”  He was obviously having a hard time stifling his smile.
“LD you’re the best.”  She sighed and his hand tightened a little more around hers.
At the house she bounded upstairs and burst into Marcie Mae’s room without ceremony.  To her surprise Marcie Mae was dressed in the lacy bra and panties Will had bought for her and her hair was blow dried to perfection.
“Close the door,” Marcie Mae complained.
She did and flopped onto the bed.  “Wow Marcie Mae.  You look beautiful.”  Marcie Mae was pulling the Banana Republic dress out and holding it up.  “You goin’ wear that?”
Marcie Mae nodded, “I was thinkin’ so.  I can’ wear anythin’ we got in New York.”
“You not gettin’ dressed up for Linton are you?”
“No,” Marcie Mae gave her a face.  “I’m not.”
Lucy Lynn smiled.  “You really like him, huh?”  Marcie Mae’s smile said it all.  “He likes you too.  So you goin’ to dump Linton?”
“I don’ know.  Let me figure that out. Alright Lucy Lynn?”
“I don’ know what there is to figure out.”
“Lots of stuff.  Grown up stuff.  It’s complicated.”
“What’s complicated?  You’re in love with Will.  He loves you.  Linton’s a shit…”
“Lucy Lynn!”  Marcie Mae shrieked under the dress she was pulling over her head.
“I’m goin’ downstairs.  I’m starvin’.”  She didn’t move though.  “Can you believe we were in New York this mornin’?”  She thought some more staring at the ceiling.  “And everythin’ we did yesterday?  It was some’n.”
Marcie Mae had a dreamy smile as she agreed.  “It was.”  That look set Lucy Lynn’s determination.  Marcie Mae wasn’t a dreamer.  She needed just a little more time with Will and she’d be asking ‘Linton who?’ by Saturday.
“See you down there.” Lucy Lynn tip toed to give Marcie Mae a kiss on the cheek before bounding out the door again.  She clomped down the stairs hearing the voice of the supreme jerk already there.
“I told Marcie Mae that she needed to get that stove fixed but she never did anything about it.  She’s all scatterbrained like that.”
The house was a little smoky from the old stove.  It was part of the charm as Lucy Lynn saw it. Will was opening a window and had a curt look on his face like he was trying to bite his tongue.
“She ain’t scatterbrained,” Lucy Lynn huffed.
“Great, the mighty pest is here.”  Linton was sitting on their couch spread out like he owned the place.  “Get me a drink and make yourself useful.”
Lucy Lynn smiled to his utter disbelief.  “Sure Linton.  With pleasure.  Daddy would you like somethin’.”  Will gave her a dubious look as if he could smell a rat.  LD was standing to the side pretending not to know anything.
“Yes, please.  Something cold?”  Will looked hot and rumpled but never more handsome.  She nodded and headed to the kitchen.  She poured two ice teas and mixed in a special combination of raw egg and lemon juice to Linton’s.  She didn’t have ipecac so she’d try to make her own.  Then she went back in all smiles.
Linton drained his and asked for another and she happily obliged.  Will was still sipping his first when Marcie Mae came down in her white summer dress looking like an angel.  Linton barely even registered her.  He had been lecturing Will on golf and all things therein.  Will on the other hand looked thunderstruck.  Lucy Lynn nodded inwardly.  That’s it Marcie Mae.  That’s how you play the game.  She had put her hair up in a cascading ponytail, the only way she would wear it up anymore.  Lucy Lynn pushed down that horrible memory.  Those times were behind them.  She could feel it.  What she didn’t understand was why Will wasn’t all over Marcie Mae like he usually was.  This wasn’t good.
“Marcie Mae, get me a real drink.”  Linton barked handing her his empty glass and Marcie Mae nodded.  For all of his wanting Marcie Mae home he hadn’t even bothered to give her a hello kiss.
“Will, you want some’n stronger?”  She turned to him and Lucy Lynn couldn’t see her face as she did.  All she could see was the soft smile Will gave Marcie Mae.  That made Lucy Lynn feel a little better but he still didn’t touch her.  Had Marcie Mae pushed him away?  Oh God no!  Marcie Mae what kinda fool are you?
“No, this is perfect.”
He went back to watching ESPN with Linton and listening to some other prattle that jackass was lecturing on about.  Marcie Mae came back with Linton’s drink and announced dinner.
“You would serve just as this show is about to wrap up.  Will, this is what I’m going to be stuck with for the rest of my life.”  Will’s face was blank, strangely blank.  Lucy Lynn wanted to scream, you wish, jerk, you just wish.  Instead she slipped her hand in Will’s and he held it tightly as they went into the dining room.
Lucy Lynn suffered through the salad confused by Will’s total change of behavior to Marcie Mae.  The only thing he did at one point is help her bring the food to the table.  They did seem a little flushed after returning but still no signs of affection.  Should she step up with some of the goin’ ons of their New York trip?  She was about to when a horrible, loud gurgle came from the end of the table.  Linton’s eyes rounded to saucer like size.
“Excuse me,” he begged quietly and rushed from the table.  He only made it to the other room before he cursed out.  They all jumped up to find him hunched over holding his bottom.  To Lucy Lynn’s utter amusement she hadn’t made him throw up, just the opposite.
“Linton, you ok?”  Marcie Mae asked shocked and maybe a little embarrassed for him.
“What the hell you feedin’ me here?  All your trashy food don’ agree me.” He looked horrified.
“It’s just food Linton.  I don’ think it’s trashy or not.”
“It’s trashy enough.  Look what it did to me.”
“Yeah, Marcie Mae.” Lucy Lynn could hold her tongue no longer.  “He’s shittn’ his pants.”
Linton lunged for her but got a fistful of Will.  “Get outta my way, mista’.”
“No.  Linton, I think it might be time for you to leave.”  Will’s don’t mess with me look was enough to cower Linton.
“Food poisinin’!  That’s just what I’d expect eatin’ here.”  Linton hissed at Marcie Mae before hobbling hunched over out of the house leaving the rest to look on astonished.
Lucy Lynn burst out laughing.  “Oh my, I didn’ think it’d work that well!”  She could barely breathe as Will and Marcie Mae watched her intently.  Marcie Mae’s expression soon turned to horror.
“What’d you do Lucy Lynn?”
“Oh nothin’ but teach him some manna’s.”  She wiped her eyes highly pleased with herself.
“Lucy Lynn!”
“What’s he even doin’ here anymore?  Get rid of him.”
“I told you to leave that to me.”
“Leave it to you and you’ll be married by Saturday.”
“You don’ even know what you’re talkin’ about.”  Marcie Mae’s eyes were flittering between Lucy Lynn and Will.
“I know more than you.  I ain’t goin’ let you get pushed around by him.”
“You’re just a child.  You’re always meddlin’ where you don’ belong,” Marcie Mae lunged at Lucy Lynn but the girl scampered behind Will.  That was no deterrent for the anger on Marci Mae’s face.  Will wrapped his arms around Marcie Mae but she struggled and twisted until she was facing out still trying to catch Lucy Lynn who was hiding behind LD.  “You’re a horrible brat Lucy Lynn, like your mother.  I don’ know what I’m doin’ wrong with you.”
“Least we weren’t no spineless wimps.  Full on losers lettin’ people tell us we’re not good enough.”
“Lucy Lynn!”  Will’s voice was sharp and angry.
Lucy Lynn was spitting fire but Marcie Mae looked devastated.  She shrugged out of Will’s embrace even though he tried to keep her there.  The room was painfully silent.
“That was hateful,” Marcie Mae whispered before walking out of the house and down the steps.
Lucy Lynn stood for one split second before bursting into tears and running upstairs to her room.
Chapter 11

The men were left in the aftermath of that tornado with stunned faces.  The house was silent but for the tears of Lucy Lynn from way upstairs.  Will wasn’t sure what do to next.
“I’ll check her, sir.” LD nodded toward the stairs.
Will nodded and followed the route Marcie Mae had taken out of the house.  He wished he could disagree with that little hell cat upstairs and maybe he might not have poisoned the man but Linton needed to go.  Still their opportunity to fix matters that night was officially over thanks to Lucy Lynn.   He didn’t need to go far to find Marcie Mae.  She was sitting on the old wooden swing wiping her tears as he walked up and sat down next to her.  The swing groaned its objection before continuing its lazy arc back and forth.  The night air wrapped them up in warm, muggy comfort.  Only the occasional breeze lent any relief from summer.
“She just showed up one day after being gone for three years.”  Marcie Mae started without ceremony not even looking at him.  “Just gone one night and then back another day.  I was so angry at her.  And I was angrier at Mama for just takin’ her back like that.  No questions asked.”  She was silent letting old memories clearly run on a film reel through her mind.  “Then, of course, she’s pregnant.”  Marcie Mae shook her head as if she was hearing the news for the first time.  Will stroked her hair and slipped her into his arms.  “I wasn’ prepared for how much I’d love Lucy Lynn.  From the first day, like a force of nature I couldn’ help.”
“She’s been lucky to have you,” Will said quietly enjoying the soft feel of her in his arms, knowing tonight was the night he’d finally learn the whole story.
“Laura Lynn loved her too, in her own way.  She was a lost soul.  You know.  When Lucy Lynn wasn’ any more than three months, Laura Lynn went out with her friends takin’ Lucy Lynn.  Mama and I begged her to leave the baby.  She wouldn’.”  Marcie Mae cringed at the memory as if it was playing through her mind in real time.  Maybe, if he wasn’t so enthralled, desperate to know the full puzzle, he might have stopped her.  “We got the call that night long after we were in bed.”  Her blank face curled with the emotions.  Her voice was cracked and low as she said, “No one survived but Lucy Lynn.  Like a miracle.”
He wrapped her tighter and though she wasn’t crying he could feel her sadness.  “You’ve had her ever since?”
“Yeah, since I was sixteen. Mama died a year after Laura Lynn.  From heartbreak I think.  Laura Lynn was always her favorite.”  How that was possible Will couldn’t fathom but he didn’t want to delve into the finer insanities of sibling rivalry.  “It’s been Lucy Lynn and I since.”
“Until Linton?”
Marcie Mae sat up and he swung her legs over his lap.  She wiped her eyes again and smiled a watery smile in her hunched position.  “Until I realized I couldn’ give her everythin’ she needed.  Lucy Lynn, she’s a star, a supa’ star.  The world ain’ neva’ goin’ to be the same once she takes it.  I know.  Anyone who knows her knows.  I can’ give her everythin’ she needs.”
“But I can.” He cupped her face in his hands letting his eyes search hers.  Somehow he tried to convey all that he meant.  “I can take care of both of you.”
“What are you goin’ to do with me?  Some redneck?  Like a donkey in a horse race?”  Her voice was hoarse from sadness.
He brushed back her hair gently.  She tilted into his touch closing her eyes and he couldn’t believe someone could be as beautiful as she was tear streaked.  “Go easy on yourself,” he admonished.  
“I do, but I also know how it is.  I do not fit in your world.  And by the time I did I would be so black and blue from tryin’ I’m not sure I’d even recognize myself anymore.” She seemed sadly sure about those words.
“That’s not true.”
“Sure it is.  You caught a glimpse of it the other night at that restaurant.”
“Oh, baby, don’t compare Heidi to anyone.  Please.  Lucy Lynn is right.  She may blurt it out through a bullhorn but she’s right.  You don’t give yourself enough credit.  You’re beautiful and you don’t know it.  You’re smart.  You’re selfless, unwanting.”
She huffed crinkling her brow.  “Lord, how do you see me, Will?  You think I don’ know I’m beautiful? Sure I do.  Ain’t a beautiful girl out there don’ know she’s that by the time she’s three.  You hear it every day one way or another.  It’s as much a curse as blessin’.  And all those ones that like to act like they don’ know it are just full of what the cat buries.”  He smothered a smile at that well guarded truth.  Only Marcie Mae would fling it out into the open so indifferently.  “Selfless and unwantin’?  I see what you got Will and I wish I was so full of grace I didn’ want it for myself.  I do.  But there’s a price tag, one of pride and shame that I don’ know if I can pay for it.  ‘Cause I’m full of stubborn pride.”
“I really don’t care what everyone else thinks.”  He hand was running the length of her legs up under her skirts to her warm thighs.  
“Well I do.  I guess I’m not as humble as you.”  They both laughed at that.
He swept her hair to the back.  “You’ll at least give me that you’re smart?”
“Yeah, I guess.”  He enjoyed stroking her legs while she sat in contemplation.  Her gaze was heavy on the old home in front of them.  He admired it with her, wondering what thoughts were running through her head.
“That’s some house,” he finally said.  He hadn’t been prepared for how big a home they had or how beautiful the setting.  It was one more of a thousand surprises they were throwing his way that week.
“Yeah,” she smiled at the creaky old homestead.  “Mama’s family was real rich back when.  Not even the Depression hurt them.  Then sometime around the sixties they lost it all.  She never would say how.  But everythin’ changed when she was fourteen.  All the niceties she was used to went away.  She always said she wasn’t goin’ to raise us thinkin’ we had the world at our feet.”  She gave her shy laugh and he fell into those pools of green when she looked over like she was worried what he might think of all of this.  He gathered her a little closer and he could feel her tension slip away into his arms.  “Laura was always angry that we were so poor.  Like she wished Mama’s family hadn’ lost it all like they had.  I think Mama felt the same way.  She and Laura Lynn looked at the world in similar ways.  I always felt more like Daddy did, can’ change what is.  I was his favorite.”
“What happened to your Dad?”
“He had a heart attack at work when I was ten.  One day he kissed me and promised we’d go fishin’ that Saturday.  By the time I came home from school, he was gone.”
She was so resigned to her life it touched him.  He smothered her in his arms and whispered, “beautiful girl.  Life hasn’t been very fair to you.”
She sighed and to his disappointment stood.  “C’mon.”
“What?”
“Come with me,” she urged.
“Where?  I was comfortable.”
“It’s a surprise.”
“Marcie Mae, I don’t like surprises.”
“Then this week must be throwing you for a loop.”  She had Lucy Lynn’s mischievous look on her face.
He laughed looking up at her.  “Am I going to like this?”
“Oh, I think you’re goin’ to like it jus’ fine.”  She assured him taking his hand and leading him through the woods to a lake.  “This is where we swim.”  She said reaching behind to unzip her dress.  In one clean flip the dress came off leaving her in her matching underwear.  To his amazement, those gracefully followed the path of her dress leaving her naked and stunning.  She freed her hair and tossed it over her shoulder.  With a wide grin she backed up to the lake calling, “are you comin’ or what?”
He was out of his clothes and swimming her down before two seconds passed.  She was slippery and soft in his hands.  Their kisses were wet and a little desperate.  “I think you’re fulfilling every fantasy I’ve ever had this week.”  He pressed her into the tanning bed ladder.  His hands were sliding down her slick body to lock her legs around his waist.
“If makin’ love in the moonlight while skinny dippin’ is one of those fantasies...then we both have that one.”
Her breasts were playing hide and seek in the water at just the right level of playfulness but they arched out when he pressed into her.  “Making love to you anywhere is my fantasy,” was all he could say before he did just that slow and gentle prolonging the moment as long as possible.  Something changed in that moment more than had already changed for him.  It sunk in deep and pierced his skin mortally so with his final thrust, staring strongly into her unwavering eyes he said, “I love you.”
She bit her lip and nodded.  “I know.  I love you too.”  Before she laced her lips to his and they fell all the way into Wonderland.
They snuck back wet and shivering and childishly happy.  He took great pleasure wrapping her into him when they lay down on her little bed.  He liked this bed.  She wouldn’t be able to roll very far away.  Her breathing became automatic quickly and he watched on for a bit.  He’d never watched a woman sleep before.  He’d never been that interested.  That he found it so fascinating now would have been baffling if not for what he had just admitted to her.  So he smiled when his exhaustion caught up to him, kissed her brow and whispered once more for his contentment, “I love you Marcie Mae.”  She responded with a sigh and a subconscious smile.

*****

“Come with me,” he was asking between kisses the next morning long before dawn.
“I can’t,” she said forlornly.  “Stay.”
“I can’t,” he chuckled.  She had his neck clasped firmly using her weight to pull him back down but he resisted.  “Oh no, you already have me behind schedule”.
“Me?” She cried outraged.  “You’re the one attackin’ me in my sleep.”
“Exactly.  If you weren’t so unbelievably gorgeous I would have gotten out of bed.”
“Oh, that’s just like a man blamin’ the woman.”
He chuckled and continued his kisses and half hearted attempt to pull away.  “No Linton.  We’ll do that tomorrow.”  She nodded only half convincingly.  “Please, beautiful.  Don’t make me worry.”
“LD will be here.”  She reasoned.
“Please.”
“If he doesn’ call I won’ call him.”  She agreed.
Will nodded.  “Ok, I’ll take that deal. I will call, later.”  He turned to see her disheveled and angelic on her bed looking like a kid who’d just lost her candy.  He sighed hard before saying, “I miss you already.  Kiss Lucy Lynn for me.  Tell her to behave.”
Marcie Mae smiled widely.  “Lord I wish I could get her to do that!”

*****

The trip to the airport was tortuous.  The flight in was long.  The ride to the city was demoralizing.  When had his hometown become the last place on earth he wanted to be?  Beth greeted him with a smile and his energy drink.
“Sir, your notes for the meeting are on your desk.”  She followed him in.  “If you can flip through the signature folder that would be helpful.  Anything else, sir?”  She was all business.
“Yes, get me Marcie Mae,” he said with a glance up to catch the slightest turn of her lips as she nodded while leave.  “Stop smiling Beth.”
“I don’t know what you mean, sir.” She was out the door, their smiles hidden from one another.  A few moments later she came over speakerphone.  “Marcie Mae, sir.”
“Beautiful,” his voice was pure sex.
“Are you workin’ or callin’ and textin’ me?”  She laughed.  Had he texted that many times?  He looked at his phone.  Guess he had.
“I needed to hear your voice before this meeting because I’m out of pocket until this afternoon.”
“Oh,” she sounded unhappy about that and that filled him up like nothing in his life ever had before.  “So…” She started but didn’t continue.
He was flipping through his folder signing what Beth needed.  “So?”  He asked because even though he was catching up his attention was more on the beautiful girl at the animal clinic in rural Virginia than in Manhattan investment banking.
“So, Linton called.” He stopped, cold.  “And I agreed to have lunch with him.”  She finished in a rush.
“No,” he said flatly.
“Look Will.  This was a conversation I was going to have to have alone anyway.”
“No.”
“Please, be reasonable.  LD is here.  He’s not a monster Will.”  Will huffed.  “I’ll be fine.”
“No.”  He was pissed and powerless to stop this.
“Well it’s happenin’.  You gonna have to find some peace with it.”  Her tone was determined.  He couldn’t help but feel proud of her.
“When did you get all this nerve?”
“I guess you’re givin’ me all kinds of confidence I neva’ had before.”
“You don’t know how happy that makes me.  I only wish it wasn’t happening at this precise moment.”
“I’ll be fine.”  He felt terror like he’d never felt before.  Linton was a monster and if anything might bring it out into the open it would be getting jilted two days before his wedding day.  “I’ll be fine,” she said again.
“How am I supposed to concentrate now?  And I need to earn a living because Lucy Lynn has an expensive streak through her.”  Marcie Mae laughed that gorgeous full belly laugh of hers.  “Make sure LD is with you.”
“I will.  Somethin’ tells me you will too.”
“You know it, beautiful.  Be careful please,” he begged in all seriousness.
“I will.”
“Call me right after.”
“I thought you’re goin’ into a meetin’?”
“I am.  Call Beth.  She’ll let me know if anything is wrong.”
“Nothin’s going to be wrong. I’m goin’ to lunch then back to work then home to wait on Lucy Lynn and you.  Then you and I are goin’ to do all kinda bad things in my bed tonight.”
His body responded immediately.  “Now I’m really not going to be able to concentrate.”  Beth waved from his small sidelight.  “I have to go.  Love you, beautiful.”
“I love you to.”  She said in that soft drawl he loved more and more every day.
Have a little faith.  Maybe she does know him better than you, he thought before grabbing up his leather binder, phone, and laptop.  He shook off the other unpleasant thought that answered that one.

*****

Will’s phone buzzed lightly in his pocket while the chairman was droning on about missing quarterly numbers.  He pulled it out quickly.  Two texts had landed at almost the same time.  From Marcie Mae:  Well that’s that.  It’s over.  Come home baby.  She sounded tired and he wished he was there to hold her.  From LD:  Done.  Uncomfortably easy to accomplish.  Will texted him back: keep an eye open.  LD: roger that.
The day finally wrapped and Will let Beth know he wouldn’t be back before the next week.  He was headed home to pack up some items when he decided he couldn’t go any longer without hearing her voice.  She answered immediately.
“Beautiful, you’re a free woman.”
She laughed softly.  “Not really,” she disagreed.
He loved that answer.  “I’m heading back.”
“I can’ wait for you to be here.”
“What are you wearing?”
She didn’t pause a beat before saying, “you really want to hear I’m naked and wet, fresh from a shower?”
He groaned loudly.  “You’re such a tease.”
She laughed and he knew she was enjoying the power she had over him.  Then she stopped laughing suddenly.  “Huh.”  And her voice had a tinge of fear.
“What?”  Something in his belly started to churn.
“Linton’s here.”  She sounded ominous.
“Shit.  I knew it.”  He cursed.  “You’re not naked are you?”
“No, I’m dressed but I did just shower.”
“Good.  Don’t open the door.  Where’s LD?”
“Pickin’ up Lucy Lynn.”  She sounded terrified.  “He’s out of the car.”
“Don’t open the door.”  Will was frantic texting LD as he spoke to Marcie Mae.  “How long ago did LD leave?”
“Not long.  He has a key.”
“Shit.  Stay on the phone.  Melida!” He called and she came instantly with a look reflecting his tone.  “Call emergency in Buckingham, Virginia.  Tell them there’s been a break in at the Linear Farm.”  She hesitated in fear and uncertainty over this task.  He barked, “do it now!  The girls are in trouble.”  She lost all hesitancy with those words.
“He’s knockin’.”  She was barely audible.
“Don’t answer.”
“My car is out there.  He knows my routine.  Oh no, he’s usin’ his key.”
Will was pacing the room frantically.  “Let me speak to him.”
“Linton, what are you doin’ here?”
“Let me speak to him.”  Then he heard her cry out and his shout of “Marcie Mae!” rang out through the phone but was drowned by it clattering to the ground.
Then he heard, “I’d let you listen.  But you don’ wanna hear this.”  The click of the call ending was more ominous than anything Will could imagine.  His shout was primal and helpless ringing out into Central Park.
“MELIDA!  Did you call?”  Melida ran back in with a nod.  He was already dialing LD.
“Sir.”
“Get…”
“I’m on my way, sir.”
“Move faster he’s there, inside.”
“I’m doing ninety sir.  Through town.”
“FASTER!”  Will shouted with such venom his blood surged.
It was the longest twenty minutes of his life.  He called LD.  He called her cell.  He called the house.  Over and over and over. Nothing until his phone rang and it was from LD.
“What?”  He snapped.  He was in a cab almost at the airport.  He felt dead.  If Linton did what Will thought, he would kill him and take the consequences.
“It’s over.”  There was hesitancy and pain in LD’s voice.
“And?”  Will had his head in his hands.  Suddenly he hoped all Linton did was what he thought and not even worse.
“She’s ok.  He beat her up but she fought him, hard.”  He sounded proud.  “He was pinning her down when the law and I arrived.  He’s in custody right now.”
“Ohhh,” crashed in and out of him in waves of thankfulness.  Relief was awash over him.  He felt hot tears spring up and he wiped them away dazed.  He wasn’t sure he’d ever cried.  “Where is she?”
“She’s at the hospital.  Lucy Lynn and I are traveling behind.”
“Let me talk to Lucy.”
“Will,” her little voice sounded broken.  “What an ass.”
“It’s ok baby.  He is out of your lives forever.  I promise.”  He heard her start to cry.
“I’ve been so bad to her.”
“Shh, baby, it’s over.  We all say the wrong thing sometimes.  I’m coming back I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
“She’s so good.  Too good for this world.”  Will couldn’t disagree with that.
“I’ll see you in a little bit.”  And she hung up without saying goodbye.
Chapter 12

Marcie Mae had never been doted on like this before.  She wasn’t sure who was more concerned for her welfare, Lucy Lynn, Will or LD.  It didn’t hurt that she really did look like hell with the bruised eye, cheek and lip Linton had left her with.  If it was possible, Will was even more clingy that usual.
“I don’t wanna go to camp.  I’m stayin’ home.”
“I paid for that and you’re goin’.”
“Last time I left you look what happened!”
“I’ll be fine.  I have a fully body guarding unit.”  Marcie Mae winced through her laugh.  Will was wrapped around her like a plate of armor. “Now go with LD.”
“I don’ know why I can’ stay with you and Will.”  Lucy Lynn grumbled picking up her knapsack.
“You can’t and that’s that.  Give me a hug before you go.”  Lucy Lynn flung herself into Marcie Mae’s arms and hugged her so tightly she mewled a little.
“Gentle,” Will urged untangling Lucy Lynn from Marcie Mae.  He gave her a fierce hug and walked her to the door.  “Be good.  LD will pick you up.  Don’t wander away.”
Marcie Mae smiled at him as he headed back to her.  He placed a soft kiss on her lips but resisted when she tried to pull him down on her.  “What?  Why won’ you touch me?”
“Beautiful, this is taking all my restraint but you need rest.  Doctor’s orders.  Sleep.  Those pills should be kicking in soon.”
“Well at least lie with me?”  She was tired of laying on the couch.  He hadn’t let her up since she got home last night.  He even carried her upstairs to her room.
He kissed her again before saying, “I thought you’d never ask.”
She didn’t know anything else until she heard Will speaking into the phone and his tone wasn’t happy.  She yawned and stretched.  “What was that?”  He looked hesitant to tell her.  “What?”  She asked again more urgently.
“Linton made bail. He’s out.”
She tried unsuccessfully to hide her worry.  “Well, I don’ think he’ll try anything else.”
“You keep underestimating him.”  Will sounded fierce.
“I know,” she agreed.  Linton had turned out to be exactly what Will thought he was.  “But you’re here.  He won’ try anythin’ with you here.”
He kissed her hard.  “Damn right.”  His intensity was both terrifying and welcoming.
She really didn’t think Linton was crazy enough to do anything else.  She really didn’t think so until Lucy Lynn’s camp called after lunch to report they couldn’t find her.
“What do you mean?”  Will asked sharply.  “Nobody picked her up.”  Marcie Mae felt her stomach fall.  “Why would you let her go with him then?  You just said he wasn’t on the pick up list!”  He listened.  “Goddamn it!”  He shouted before hanging up.
Marcie Mae was on her feet heading for the door before Will caught her arm.  “Get back on the couch.”
“No.”  She hissed.  “You’re not going to tell me what to do right now.”  Not even the devil could have scared her out of finding Lucy Lynn.  She saw him struggle with the idea of forcing her to stay.  He decided against it because he took her hand and dialed LD.  They were speeding to the camp not a few minutes later when Marcie Mae’s phone rang with Linton’s name flashing.
“Marcie Mae?”  It was Lucy Lynn.
“Yes, baby girl.  Where are you?”
“He has me up at the ridge.  He told me to call and get you up here.  Don’ come. Don…” the phone clicked off.
Will was staring at her intently.  “They’re at the ridge.  It’s a make out area for teenagers.”
The car navigated there with its three passengers drenched in silent terror.  Linton had Lucy Lynn right at the edge and what looked like a silver revolver gun in his hand.  “Oh my god!”  Marcie Mae wriggled free of Will and rushed Linton and Lucy Lynn.
“Stay there!”  Linton warned.  “It’s loaded.”
“Linton, let her go,” Marcie Mae begged tearfully.  “You don’ want her.  You want me.”  Will had Marcie Mae’s arm in a vice grip again but she was pretty sure she’d rip it off if it meant getting Lucy Lynn away.
“You bitch.  Humiliatin’ me like this.  You nuttin’ but trash.”  His look was wild and sinister.
“I didn’ mean for all this to happen.” Marcie Mae reasoned as LD set up directly to the left of Linton.  “Let her go and we can talk.”
“Talk?  ‘Bout what?” He held Lucy Lynn by the arm and she was on her tip toes looking like a Raggedy Ann doll.  “I ain’t got nuttin’ to say to a whore like you.”
“Let her go please.  I’ll come to you if you let her go.”
“Your boyfriend doesn’ look like he’s willin’ to make that kinda trade.”
“He will.” She turned to look Will right in the eye even as he shook his head.  “It’s not a choice you can make.  Let me get her free.  ‘Cause I won’ eva’ be the same if you don’.”
“I can’t let you go.”  He looked torn, shattered, choosing between his daughter and the woman he loved.
“You don’ have a choice.  If somethin’ happens, you’ve lost us both anyway.”  Her voice was hollow, filled with truth.  She watched him struggle and struggle until he saw the truth in her words and the pain in her voice if she somehow lost Lucy Lynn to this.  His hand dropped away helplessly.
She turned and walked to Linton.  His leered evilly and he held out his arm for her to join him.  “Not ‘till you let her go.”
“Get closer,” he ordered.
“No.” She saw the shocked look in his eyes.  She never defied him.  “Let her go then I’ll come.”  He pushed Lucy Lynn to the ground and she scrambled into Marcie Mae’s arms.  Marcie Mae tried to disentangle but Lucy Lynn wouldn’t let go.  “LD, come get her.”
“NO!”  Lucy Lynn screeched holding on for dear life as the big man peeled her away.  Marcie Mae could see LD struggle with the idea of grabbing her too but Linton’s gun was precisely aimed at her head.  She was in Linton’s iron grasp in another second falling to her knees against the pain of his grip.
“STOP!”  Will boomed.
“It’s endearin’ how much your boyfriend loves you.”
“Linton, what are you doin’?  You goin’ to end up in jail.”  She felt so calm, considering.
“Oh I ain’t going to jail.”  He spun the gun on his finger.
“So you wanna die?  Really?  Today?  Just ‘cause I ain’t goin’ to marry you tomorrow?  Ain’t that a little silly?  You said yourself I ain’t worth it.”
“You ain’t.  But you caused me all kinda humiliation.”
“I know I’m sorry.  But it ain’t worth this.”
“Maybe it is.” He raised the gun to her forehead and her tears sprung.
“No, No, No!” Lucy Lynn screeched.
“LD, take her away from here,” Marcie Mae cried not sure if that might be the last thing she ever said.  Linton was deep in his righteous indignation and he seemed to have left normal reasoning far behind.
“Yes, m’am.”  She heard his footsteps fade to the distance.  She could hear Lucy Lynn screaming and struggling like she was possessed.
Marcie Mae locked Linton in her gaze.  “If you gotta do this then do it.  But it ain’t goin’ to make Saturday any easier.  And all it’s goin’ to do is remind you every day that you ruined your life because of me.”  She watched those words register.  “It ain’t worth it, Linton.”  The gun dropped from her forehead and the next instant it flew out of his hand.  Shocked, he turned into Will’s iron fist.  In matter of seconds, Linton was unconscious lying in the dirt.  Will had her in a bear hug that was draining the air from her lungs and in another moment they were knocked over from their kneeling position by Lucy Lynn’s body firing into them like a missile.

******

“Well, beautiful girl, that was some kind of week you put me through.”  Will teased.  They were rocking gently in the swing enjoying the symphony of crickets and night sounds.  “Can we go back to New York?  Where the worst that happens is the occasionally mugging?”
“Why don’ I believe that?”  She leaned her head back on his shoulder and he obliged her with a full, devouring kiss.  She bounded up after and peeled off her t-shirt, running full speed to the lake.  “Last one there is a rotten egg.”
He caught her before she broke the trees and they struggled each other out of their clothes and into the cold waters.  He was in her before she could fully gasp.
“So now when are we getting married?”
She loved how strong his arms were around her.  “I just jilted my last lover at the alter.  What makes you think I’m goin’ to marry anyone?”  She asked through heavy breaths.
“I wouldn’t call you two lovers.”
“Mr. Particula’,” she laughed breathlessly.  She was about to crash over that wonderful cliff he enjoyed taking her to.
“About that?  Yes, I’m particular.”  She could feel him tightening.  “We could shack up.”
“Lord, Will, what do I look like, the whore of Babylon?”  She was in mid orgasm clinging to him as he pushed into her with hard jagged thrusts.  She cried out only moments before his groan of release came.  He tilted her head dramatically to suffocate her in a kiss.
“No beautiful girl.” He said still deep inside of her.  “You’re my angel from heaven.”
Afterward

Marcie Mae tried to stifle her smile but she couldn’t.  It was a sight to see LD in a full body pink with lace trim apron, Will in a red polka dot half apron and Lucy Lynn dressed in her formal Cinderella style gown.  They were surrounding a four tier, highly lopsided, pink cake with what looked like melted shell decorations.  A single candle was burning in the middle.  Will tugged her up from her chair, sat, then tugged her back down into his lap.  It was hard to tell who was prouder of their amateur cake making.
“Well it’s not my birthday,” Marcie Mae laughed.
“You gotta blow it out for luck,” Lucy Lynn demanded.
“I guess I need all of that I can get.”   Marcie Mae closed her eyes for a long moment and then blew.  The cake was cut and it was chocolate, vanilla, strawberry filing with chocolate chip icing.  “Lucy Lynn, there’s so much suga’ in this cake you’re goin’ be even more unbearable than usual.”
Lucy Lynn looked up from her chunk.  “Well you won’ be here to see it anyway.”
“I guess not.”  An anxious flush doused Marcie Mae.  “I betta get goin’.  I don’ wanna be late on my first night.”
Will turned her face to his to claim a kiss, a deep, full kiss.  “You’ll be great.”
“Of course she will,” Lucy Lynn interjected.  “She’s goin’ be betta’ than great.”
They lingered around her as she grabbed her things, nervousness washing over her in wave after wave.  It was her first real semester.  She’d spent the last year securing her prerequisites and getting in up to her eyeballs in debt to pay for it, much to Will’s annoyance but this she was going to pay for herself.  Even funnier was she could have paid for it, Lucy Lynn’s education and bought dinner with the rock she’d finally let Will give her.  And when she put it on with her diamond earrings, among other gifts, she felt a little like a sparkly Christmas tree.
Lucy Lynn was starting Choate in the Fall and Will had bought them a house close by on the Sound because even though she was boarding, Marcie Mae couldn’t be that far away from her baby girl.  Needless to say the home could have housed a small army.  He commuted nightly because in his words he couldn’t sleep without her.  She could count on one hand how many nights they’d spent apart.  It was something to be needed like that and when the fears of living in his world overwhelmed her he was always right there to make it clear the only world he needed was hers, theirs.  So she navigated his privilege with his hand guiding her and on the weekends unless he was sweeping them away to some new unknown piece of paradise, they would spend their time in the City.  When they were homesick, he took them back to their country house all shiny and new after renovations that brought it into the twenty second century.  It was quite a life they were living.
When she was all geared up she turned to the threesome watching her, still looking as silly and wonderful as before.  Will wrapped her in again for another encouraging kiss.
“We’ll celebrate tonight,” he whispered the promise in her ear.  She flushed knowing that could only mean a very good night no matter what.
She waved from her car.  They waved back from the porch.  The slightest traces of worry had touched each of them and somehow she knew a collective prayer of hope was sent up on her behalf.  The drive was a short one and she navigated the halls to the room she was looking for.  A sea of similarly nervous faces were already there waiting.  She smiled at her neighbors as she slipped into a seat in the front.  Her hands jittered a little and she took a few deep breaths while she unpacked and prepared.  A minute later a disheveled man in non-descript clothing shuffled in.  He dropped the heap of books he carried and grabbed up a piece of chalk.  Without ceremony he wrote on the board: Anatomy and Physiology III.  Then he turned back.
“If this isn’t your class, get up and leave now.”  He waited a beat.  “Ok, the rest of you, this is the class that’s going to separate the winners from the losers.”  He looked around and Marcie Mae smiled.  He was going to be tough.  “I expect more losers than not.  So good luck. Open your books to page 35.  I hope you’ve done your pre-reading.”  The nervous sweat on her hands evaporated and calm overtook Marcie Mae.  She flipped open her book, picked up her pen and smiled.  She was going to be one of the winners because she knew she wasn’t a loser.
